Fallout Protection : What To Know And Do About Nuclear Attack was an official United States federal government booklet released in December 1961 by the United States Department of Defense and the Office of Civil Defense .
The first page of the book is a note from then-U.S. Secretary of Defense Robert McNamara explaining that the booklet is the result of the first task he was given when he assumed responsibility for the Federal Civil Defense Program in August 1961 . The task , assigned by President John F. Kennedy , was to `` give the American people the facts they need to know about the dangers of a thermonuclear attack and what they can do to protect themselves . ''
Subject matter
Much more straightforward about the dangers of atomic weapons than Survival Under Atomic Attack , and published in the era of the hydrogen bomb and the ICBM , the book first explains general information and hazards of nuclear weapons , fallout and radiation . Second , it covers community fallout shelters , improvised fallout shelters and supplies that one ought to have ready in case of a nuclear attack . There is a brief section outlining `` emergency housekeeping '' which covers water and food conservation and first aid for the time spent in the shelter . Last , the booklet mentions recovery and how to clean up the fallout .
See also
Fallout : An American Nuclear Tragedy
List of books about nuclear issues
Protect and Survive
Survivalism
Nuclear War Survival Skills
Duck and Cover ( film )
External links
Fallout Protection Booklet History
Fallout Protection in various formats from the Internet Archive
1961 books
Disaster preparedness in the United States
Publications of the United States government
Cold War history of the United States
Nuclear warfare
Books about nuclear issues
Cold War documents
United States civil defense
Nuclear fallout
Faces of Love ( ) is a 1977 Swiss French drama directed by Michel Soutter . The film , about three actresses in a film of Chekhov 's Three Sisters and their relationship with a film director , has autobiographical references .
Cast
Jean-Louis Trintignant as Victor
Delphine Seyrig as Julie
Lea Massari as Cecilia
Valérie Mairesse as Esther
Roger Jendly as Jean Vallée
François Rochaix as Ambrosio
Accolades
References
External links
French drama films
1977 drama films
1977 films
Gaumont Film Company films
Films based on Three Sisters
Films about actors
1970s French-language films
1970s French films
Aeroclub of Lithuania ( Lith . Lietuvos aeroklubas , abbreviated as LAK ) is the national association of Lithuania 's civil aviation federations and air clubs . LAK , established in 1927 and re-established in 1989 , it is one of the oldest non-governmental organisations of Lithuania .
History
Aeroclub of Lithuania was established on April 28 , 1927 , in Kaunas , then a provisional capital of Lithuania . Among the founders of the Air Club were country 's president Antanas Smetona , commander of armed forces general Silverstras Žukauskas , opera singer Kipras Petrauskas , industrial tycoon Jonas Vailiokaitis . One of the key promoters of the establishment of the national air club and also its founder was Steponas Darius , a military pilot , active promoter of sports , latter a trans-Atlantic pilot .
LAK 's goals included promotion of civil aviation as well as pilot 's training . First four civil pilots were trained in 1930 , first glider 's pilots - in 1932 . In 1933 LAK has established its own gliding school in Nida . In January 1935 , LAK Sports Squadron was formed of civil pilots and technicians . Since 1936 it was sponsored by Military Aviation , as most of civil pilots could not afford to pay for 20-40 training flight hours per year . Further to its basis in Kaunas , by 1940 , the LAK had its pilots ' training sections in Biržai . Panevėžys , Ukmergė and Zarasai . Training of skydivers was started in 1929 , of acrobatic pilots - in 1932 , air modelling - in 1934 .
LAK was actively promoting the establishment of national civil aviation agency – an Aerial Communication Inspection under the Ministry of Communication ( Lith . Oro susisiekimo inspekcija prie Susisiekimo ministerijos ) , established in 1935 . In 1939 the aerial ambulance services were launched in cooperation with the Red Cross Society of Lithuania and a dedicated aircraft ( Farman F.393 ) was acquired .
In early 1930 's LAK supported the acquisition of gliders ( starting from A.Lippisch 's RRG 23 „ Zögling “ ) and subsequent localisation of its production in Lithuania ( starting from Bronius Oškinis ' T-1 ( BrO-1 ) as well as latter constructions by B. Oškinis , Balys Karvelis , A. Paknys , A. Gysas , Z. Rimša , V. Šalavėjus ) . Gregorius Radvenis-Heidrikis , the first Lithuanian glider 's instructor got his license under LAK sponsorship in Rossiten gliding school in 1931 . First trainings took place in Pažaislis , near Kaunas , after 1932 the school was moved to Nida , after annexation of Klaipėda by the Nazi Germany and the return of Vilnius to Lithuania - to Aukštagiris .
As of 1939 the LAK had 51 civil pilot as its members .
In 1935 , LAK started publishing “ Lietuvos sparnai ” – own monthly magazine ( closed in 1940 by the Soviet occupation authorities ) .
In 1937 , LAK organized first civil national aviation festival ( earlier such events were organized by the military ) , in 1938 – aviation sports competition during National Olympics , in 1939 – first air sport competition of the Baltic States .
In 1931 , LAK has joined FAI ( fr . Fédération aéronautique internationale ) .
Aircraft
By 1940 LAK had 10 fixed wing airplanes , 21 gliders , 1 rotorcraft .
The first aircraft of LAK was an Albatros B.II , transferred from the Lithuanian Air Force ( Karo aviacija ) in August 1929 . By 1940 13 more aircraft ( ANBO-II ( August 1931 ) , DH-60G Gipsy Moth ( 1933 and 8 April 1937 ) , Letov Š.18 ( 1934 ) , two ex-Air Force Albatros C.Ib ( February 1935 ) , autogyro C.30A ( May 1935 ) , four-seater Caudron C.280 Phalene ( 17 March 1936 ) , DH-82 Tiger Moth ( 12 May 1936 ) , Taylor Cub ( 24 October 1937 ) , Bücker Bü 133 Jungmeister ( 15 June 1938 ) , Bücker Bü 131 Jungmann ( April 1939 ) , Farman F.393 ( 12 July 1939 ) ) and over 40 gliders were acquired .
Soviet occupation and disestablishment
With the Soviet occupation and subsequent annexation of Lithuania , the civil flights were banned and the Aeroclub of Lithuania was disbanded . Soviet authorities took over all LAK aircraft , however due to the lack of spare part most of them were kept in storage . Gliders ' pilots training was allowed and this activity was moved into Aukštagiris Flight School near Vilnius . There were some attempts to revive civil gliders flights under German occupation in 1942 , however with little success .
With the return of Soviet occupation in 1944-1945 , the aviation sport was controlled by OSOAVIACHIM and later – by the DOSSAF . Aiming to bypass the supervision of those heavily militarized organisations , Lithuanian aviation enthusiasts found a legal way to establish public air club of Lithuania . In April 1958 a social ( meaning – non-institutional ) Aeroclub of Lithuania was re-established and Bronius Oškinis , a prominent gliders ' designer , was elected its chairman . The same year , on the basis of Social Aeroclub of Lithuania , an Aviation Sport Federation of Lithuanian SSR ( Lith . Lietuvos TSR Aviacijos sporto federacija ( LASF ) ) was established ( chair – Anatolijus Speičys , secretary – Zenonas Brazauskas ) . LASF structure included section of sailplanes , parachutes , avia models and aircraft sports . By 1985 those sections have developed into separate air sport federations . In late 1970 's several Children Flight Schools were established by the local air clubs , providing basic glider trainings for 9-12 year old children , using LAK-16s .
LAK was active in promoting of gliders ' construction - a series of A. Paknys , A. Gysas , Br . Oškinis and B. Karvelis constructions , ( Bk-1 , BK-2 , BK-3 , BK-4 , BK-6 , BK-7 , BrO-9 , BrO-10 , BrO-11 , etc. , later produced under the brand `` LAK '' ( Lithuanian Aerial Construction - Lith . Lietuviška aviacinė konstrukcija ) ) were developed in Lithuania . However , under the instruction of Soviet authorities their production took place in Simferopil , Ukraine . Part of the production was relocated to Lithuania after the establishment of ESAG ( Lith . Eksperimentinė sportinės aviacijos gamykla ) in 1969 .
In 1968 , LASF started publishing own magazine „ Sparnai “ ( En . „ Wings ” ) . In 1991 , the magazine was renamed „ Lietuvos sparnai ” and published until 2003 .
Re-establishment
In 1989 by the decision of Lithuanian DOSSAF section and LASF , the Aeroclub of Lithuania was re-established . in 1994 separate Children Flight Schools were united into single B. Oškinis Children Flight School .
LAK was re-admitted in to FAI in its September 16–17 , 1992 Athens conference .
International air sports competitions
The official re-establishment of Aeroclub of Lithuania marked the beginning various international aviation competitions , held in Lithuania . Starting from first international hot air balloon festival , organized on May 26–29 , 1989 , in still Soviet-held Lithuania , and gathering over 30 international participants , several international air sport competitions are taking place annually . Some of those events include :
2001 – First World Women Gliding Championship ( Pociūnai )
2002 – European Aerobatics Championship ( Paįstrys )
2003 – European Hot Air Balloon Championship ( Vilnius )
2004 , 2007 , 2009 , 2011 – European Gliding Championship ( Pociūnai )
2015 , 2016 – World Gliding Championship ( Pociūnai )
2017 – Junior World Gliding Championship ( Pociūnai )
2022 – European Gliding Championship and World Gliding Championship ( Pociūnai )
Structure
As of 2022 Aeroclub of Lithuania is composed of the following organisations :
Lithuanian Aerobatics Federation
Lithuanian Gliders Aerobatics Federation
Lithuanian Air Modelling Sport Federation
Lithuanian General Aviation Sport Federation
Lithuanian Hot Air Balloon Pilots ' Federation
Lithuanian Skydiving Federation
Lithuanian Gliding Sport Federation
Lithuanian Paragliders and Hang-Gliders Sport Federation
Lithuanian Federation of Ultra-Light Aircraft Pilots
Lithuanian Federation of Aircraft Designers
Lithuanian Federation of Ancient Aircraft
Lithuanian Association of Children Gliding Sports
Lithuanian Aviation Veterans ' Association
Presidents of LAK
( Chairmen by 1989 )
general Silvestras Žukauskas – 1927–1928
Zigmas Žemaitis – 1929–1940
Bronius Oškinis – 1958
Anatolijus Speičys – 1958–1967
Donatas Kostiukevičius – 1967–1978
Antanas Karpavičius – 1978–1990
Klemas Inta – 1990–1992
Antanas Unikauskas – 1992–1993
Jurgis Stanaitis – 1993–2001
Stasys Murza – 2001–2008
Vitas Karčiauskas – 2008–2011
Jonas Mažintas – 2011–2016
Gintaras Kalinauskas – 2016–2018
Mindaugas Sinkevičius – 2018–2020
Eglė Paužuolienė – 2020–2021
Ignas Stankovičius – 2021-2022
Arūnas Gražulis – 2022–present
References
External links
( in Lithuanian ) Lietuvos aeroklubas
Flying clubs
1927 establishments in Lithuania
1989 establishments in Lithuania
1940 disestablishments in Lithuania
Aviation in Lithuania
Organizations established in 1927
Martin Ndayahoze ( died 30 April 1972 ) was a Burundian military officer and government official who served variously as Minister of Information , Minister of Economy , and Deputy Chief of Staff of the Burundian National Army . He was the only Hutu military officer to serve in government under President Michel Micombero and frequently warned of the dangers of ethnic violence in his reports to the presidency . He was executed in 1972 .
Early life
Martin Ndayahoze was born at Kamenge , Bujumbura . He was ethnically Hutu . He attended a technical school in Kamenge for four years and thereafter studied at the École spéciale militaire de Saint-Cyr in France . He married Rose Karambuzi , a Tutsi from Rwanda , on 3 October 1967 and had three sons with her .
Career
Upon the completion of his studies at Saint-Cyr in 1965 , Ndayahoze returned to Burundi and was commissioned as a second lieutenant in the Burundian National Army . He was one of the few well-educated Hutus to serve in the army officer corps . In July 1966 he was appointed Minister of Information . He was the only Hutu military officer to be given a government post by Prime Minister—and later President—Michel Micombero , and was one of Micombero 's few Hutu confidants . On 10 December 1966 he was by presidential decree promoted to the rank of captain-commandant , retroactive to 1 November 1966 . In August 1968 he was made Secretary General of the Union pour le Progrès national ( UPRONA ) , the ruling party in Burundi . In early September 1969 he was contacted by a group of Hutu conspirators who informed him of their plan to launch a coup against President Micombero on the night of 16/17 September . Instead of assisting them , Ndayahoze warned Micombero and as a result 70 people were arrested . Thereafter , Micombero heavily relied on him to calm Hutus in Burundi and prevent ethnic revolt . His tenure as Minister of Information ended in December .
In May 1970 Ndayahoze was appointed Minister of Economy . On 3 March 1971 he was dismissed from his ministerial office and attached to the Army General Staff as Deputy Chief of Staff in charge of logistics . Throughout 1971 and 1972 he wrote frequently in his reports to the presidency of the dangers of worsening ethnic relations in Burundi .
Death
On 29 April 1972 Hutu rebels launched attacks in Bujumbura and southern Burundi . As it suppressed the rebellion , the Burundian government embarked on a programme of ethnic repression , targeting the country 's remaining Hutu elites , including those who had served in government and the military . Ndayahoze disappeared after being summoned to a crisis meeting early in the morning on 30 April . It was later revealed that he had been arrested and executed , making him one of the first Hutu officials to be murdered by the regime during its repression . Burundian officials alleged that under interrogation he admitted to plotting the rebellion against the government with other Hutus . In 1987 the widow of Ndayahoze sought compensation for the murder of her husband and on behalf of other families with members who were victims of the 1972 repression . At the request of the Burundian ambassador , she was barred from the UN headquarters building in New York . She later compiled his writings and published them in a book , Le commandant Martin Ndayahoze , un visionnaire .
References
Works cited
1972 deaths
Burundian military personnel
Assassinated Burundian people
Government ministers of Burundi
Hutu people
People from Bujumbura
Year of birth missing
Union for National Progress politicians
People who died in the Ikiza
The Modern Law Review is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by John Wiley & Sons on behalf of Modern Law Review Ltd. and which has traditionally maintained close academic ties with the Law Department of the London School of Economics . The Modern Law Review has been identified as the `` pre-eminent United Kingdom law journal '' in a ranking based on statistical data from the 2001 Research Assessment Exercise , and has been placed in the highest tier ( A * ) by the 2019 Israeli Inter-University Committee Report .
The journal is a general law review that publishes original articles relating to common law jurisdictions and the law of the European Union . In addition , the journal contains sections devoted to recent legislation and reports , to case analysis , to review articles , and to book reviews . The current editor-in-chief ( General Editor ) is David Kershaw . Previous editors included Lord Chorley , Lord Wedderburn , Hugh Collins , and Julia Black .
The contents of the first 59 volumes ( published between 1937 and 1996 ) are freely available online ; more recent volumes are available on a subscription basis .
Foundations
The Modern Law Review Ltd. is a charity that was established in 1937 to promote the study of law and related fields . To this end , it publishes the law review and organises lectures and seminars and offers scholarships and awards . In addition , the review provides the funding to host the annual Chorley Lecture .
Chorley Lecture
The annual Chorley Lectures started in 1972 and are named in honour of Robert Chorley , 1st Baron Chorley , the founding editor of the Modern Law Review . The lecture is usually delivered in early June at the London School of Economics and subsequently published as the lead article in the January issue of the following year 's volume .
Wedderburn Prize
The annual Wedderburn Prize is awarded for `` a contribution to that year 's volume which in the opinion of the editorial committee is exemplary of the type of scholarship that The Modern Law Review aims to promote '' . It is named in honour of Lord Wedderburn of Charlton , who served as general editor of the review from 1971 to 1988 . Preference is given to the work of authors who are at a relatively early stage of their careers . Previous winners of the Wedderburn Prize include Kimberlee Weatherall , David Kershaw , and Nico Krisch .
References
External links
Print :
Online :
British law journals
Bimonthly journals
General law journals
Publications established in 1938
Wiley-Blackwell academic journals
English-language journals
HMS Haydon was a destroyer of the Royal Navy . She was a member of the third subgroup of the class , and saw service in the Second World War . Most of the ships of this class were named after British fox hunts . She was the first Royal Navy warship to bear this name , after the Haydon hunt in Northumberland . In 1942 she was adopted by the civil community of Wallsend in Northumberland , as part of Warship Week .
Service history
On commissioning Haydon was allocated to the 5th Destroyer Flotilla , serving as an escort for Atlantic Convoys . In 1943 she transferred to the Mediterranean and was part of the Naval force in support of the allied landings in Sicily . In 1944 she served mostly in the Mediterranean and was part of the escort force nominated for the landings in Southern France , and then returned to Atlantic convoy escort work .
In 1945 she returned to service in the Mediterranean as part of the 3rd Escort Flotilla . She continued service in Malta until July 1947 when she was badly damaged by fire and after repair was withdrawn from service . She was then paid-off and placed in Reserve at Chatham in late 1947 . She then entered the Reserve Fleet after further refit . She was the laid-up at Sheerness for a year and transferred to Hartlepool in 1948 and later her equipment was preserved . The ship was laid-up in the Reserve Fleet Division at Hartlepool until approval was given for her to be placed on the Disposal List in March 1958 . Sold to BISCO on 17 May that year for demolition Clayton & Davie the ship arrived at Dunston-on-Tyne in tow on 18 May 1958 .
References
Sources
Colledge , J. J . & Warlow , Ben , Ships of the Royal Navy : The Complete Record of all Fighting Ships of the Royal Navy from the 15th Century to the Present , Newbury , 2010
English , John , The Hunts – A history of the design , development and careers of the 86 destroyers of this class built for the Royal and Allied Navies during World War II , Cumbria , 1987 ( World Ship Society )
Whitley , M. J. , Destroyers of World War Two – an international encyclopedia , London , 1988
Gardiner , Robert ( ed . ) , Conway 's All the World 's Fighting Ships 1922–1946 , London , 1987
1942 ships
Ships built on the River Tyne
Hunt-class destroyers of the Royal Navy
World War II destroyers of the United Kingdom
Ships built by Vickers Armstrong
Filip Stojanović ( ; born 10 August 1944 ) is a politician in Serbia . He has served several terms in the parliaments of Yugoslavia , Serbia and Montenegro , and Serbia as a member of the far-right Serbian Radical Party .
Early life and private career
Stojanović was born in Šilovo , a village near Gnjilane , Kosovo , shortly before the end of the Nazi German occupation of the region in World War II . His family continued to live in Šilovo following the establishment the following year of the Autonomous Region of Kosovo and Metohija as part of the People 's Republic of Serbia in the Federal People 's Republic of Yugoslavia . In 1953 , they moved to Gnjilane . Stojanović trained in association football and attended the University of Belgrade 's Faculty of Sports . After serving with the Yugoslav People 's Army in Knin and Nova Gorica , he moved to Požarevac and played with FK Mladi Radnik . In 1978 , he returned to his home area and became secretary-general of FK FK Crvena zvezda Gnjilane ( Red Star Gnjilane ) . He became the director of Hotel Kristal in Gnjilane in 1989 . After the conclusion of the Kosovo War , he moved to Belgrade .
Political career
Yugoslavian politician
Stojanović met Radical Party leader Vojislav Šešelj at a 1992 rally and subsequently became president of the party 's district committee in Kosovo-Pomoravlje . He appeared on the party 's electoral list for the Priština division in the late 1992 Yugoslavian parliamentary election and was elected to the Chamber of Citizens when the party won four of ten seats in the region . The Socialist Party of Serbia and its Montenegrin allies won the election , and the Radical Party , which won thirty-four seats out of 138 , served in opposition .
In May 1994 , Radical deputy Draško Marković was ordered to be expelled from the Chamber of Citizens for disruptive activities . He refused to comply , and several other Radical deputies ( including Šešelj and Stojanović ) became involved in a scuffle with the building 's security forces . The deputies were subsequently stripped of their parliamentary immunity and charged with `` preventing an officer from enforcing law and order . '' In September 1994 , Stojanović was found guilty and issued a four-month suspended prison sentence , to be served if he committed any offence in the next two years .
Šešelj , Stojanović , and other Radical deputies were arrested again after holding a banned rally in Gnjilane in June 1995 . During the arrest , Stojanović sustained a minor injury from a gunshot wound . Although the charges against him stemming from this incident were later dropped , he was incarcerated under the terms of his suspended sentence and spent two months in the Gnjilane prison in the company of Šešelj and other party leaders .
Stojanović appeared in the first position on the Radical Party 's list for the redistributed division of Vranje in the 1996 Yugoslavian parliamentary election and was re-elected when the party won one of the four seats in the district . The Socialist Party and its allies again won the election , and the Radicals , who fell to sixteen seats , initially continued to serve in opposition . The Radicals later joined a coalition government with the Socialists and the Yugoslav Left in Serbia in 1998 , and they also became part of the government of Yugoslavia in 1999 .
Socialist Party leader Slobodan Milošević was defeated in his bid for re-election as president of Yugoslavia in the 2000 general election , an event that precipitated a large-scale transformation of Serbian and Yugoslavian politics . Stojanović once again received the lead position on the Radical Party 's list for Vranje for the concurrent Yugoslavian parliamentary elections and was re-elected when the party won one seat out of nine in the now expanded division . The election was won by the Democratic Opposition of Serbia , and the Radicals , who fell to only five seats in the Chamber of Citizens , returned to opposition .
Stojanović was also included on the Radical Party 's electoral list in the Serbian parliamentary election in December 2000 , receiving the 211th position out of 250 . The party won twenty-three seats , and he was not selected for its delegation in the National Assembly of Serbia . ( From 2000 to 2011 , Serbian parliamentary mandates were awarded to sponsoring parties or coalitions rather than to individual candidates , and it was common practice for mandates to be awarded out of numerical order . Stojanović could have been awarded a mandate notwithstanding his low position on the list , but he was not and instead continued to serve in the federal assembly . )
On 11 April 2002 , former Serbian internal affairs minister Vlajko Stojiljković shot himself in the reception hall of the Yugoslavian federal assembly after meeting with Stojanović and handing him a suicide note . Stojiljković died two days later . His note , which was read to the media by Radical deputy Aleksandar Vučić , indicated that his action was a protest against what he described as the `` puppet regime '' of the Democratic Opposition of Serbia , which he accused of capitulating to international powers .
The Federal Republic of Yugoslavia was re-constituted as the State Union of Serbia and Montenegro in early 2003 , and a new Assembly of Serbia and Montenegro was established with members appointed by the parliaments of its two constituent republics . Each political group in the National Assembly of Serbia was permitted to appoint a delegation to the federal assembly commensurate with its numbers . Stojanović was not initially appointed to the new assembly , but he received a mandate in February 2004 , after the 2003 Serbian parliamentary election changed the standings in the Serbian assembly and necessitated a new round of appointments . He served for the next two years as an opposition member . The Assembly of Serbia and Montenegro ceased to exist in 2006 , when Montenegro declared independence .
Member of the National Assembly of Serbia
Stojanović received the ninety-third position on the Radical Party 's list in the 2007 Serbian parliamentary election . The party won eighty-one seats , and he was not selected for its assembly membership . He did , however , represent the party in post-election discussions with Serbian president Boris Tadić about the creation of a new government .
He was given the twenty-ninth position on the party 's list for the 2008 election ; the party won seventy-eight seats on this occasion , and he was included in its delegation . The results of the election were initially inconclusive , but the Radicals ultimately remained in opposition . The party experienced a serious split later in the year , with many of its members joining the more moderate Serbian Progressive Party under the leadership of Tomislav Nikolić and Aleksandar Vučić . Stojanović remained with the Radicals .
Serbia 's electoral system was reformed in 2011 , such that parliamentary mandates were awarded in numerical order to candidates on successful lists . Stojanović received the eightieth position on the Radical Party 's list in the 2012 parliamentary election , in which the party failed to cross the electoral threshold to win representation in the assembly . He received the eighty-fifth position in the 2014 election , in which the party again fell below the threshold .
Stojanović was promoted to the twenty-third position on the Radical Party 's list for the 2016 election . The party returned to the assembly with twenty-two seats , and Stojanović was not initially re-elected . He did , however , receive a mandate on 21 April 2017 , as a replacement for Marko Milenković , who had resigned . The Progressive Party and its allies won the 2016 election , and the Radicals once again serve in opposition .
Stojanović was involved in a diplomatic incident in April 2018 , when he and Šešelj heckled a visiting delegation from Croatia and trampled a Croatian flag that had been put on display at the Serbian assembly .
He is currently a member of the assembly committee on the diaspora and Serbs in the region , and a deputy member of the committee on Kosovo-Metohija and the committee on labour , social issues , social inclusion , and poverty reduction .
References
1944 births
Living people
People from Gjilan
Kosovo Serbs
Politicians from Belgrade
Members of the National Assembly ( Serbia )
Members of the Chamber of Citizens in the Assembly of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia
Members of the Assembly of Serbia and Montenegro
Serbian Radical Party politicians
Coaches Across Continents is a UK and US based NGO aimed at improving the quality of life in low-income countries through soccer for social development .
History
Coaches Across Continents was launched in June 2008 based on first-hand research in 60 countries . In its first year , the organization implemented programs at a site in Tanzania . In 2009 , it expanded its program to sites in Malawi and Zambia . Since then it has expanded to work in 37 total countries and 5 continents . CAC is now approaching the 10 year anniversary of the organization .
Awards
2010 Featured Finalist Global Sports Forum Football for Education in Barcelona .
2009 , the project won the Best New Project for Sport and Development at the inaugural Beyond Sport Awards in London .
Finalist for the 2009 SCORE4africa Football for Diversity Award
References
Daley , John . Soccer and Survival . Harvard Magazine .
Coaches Across Continents .
Cuttone , Charles . Sights on Africa . New England Soccer News .
Bradley , Jeff . This is Africa . ESPN The Magazine .
10 in 2010 . Kick For Hope .
Our 2010 Vision , Mission and Values : Creating locally owned , sustainable programs . Coaches Across Continents .
Coaches across Continents Hat-Trick Initiatives Beyond Sport .
Coaches across Continents Hat-Trick Initiatives Beyond Sport .
Score4Africa Press Release 10-30-2009 Score4Africa .
Nominees Global Sports Forum .
Further Information
Coaches Across Continents Website
Sporting Communities Blog
Association football organizations
Viral is a Brazilian comedy web series by comedy group Porta dos Fundos , in which Gregório Duvivier stars as Beto , a man who after discovering that is carrying the HIV virus , decides to seek the latest eight women with whom he had sexual intercourse to give the news and try to find out who is the possible transmitter .
The series consists of four websodes , the first webisode premiered on April 5 , 2014 at the Porta dos Fundos ' YouTube channel .
Webisodes
Conception
Porchat came up with the idea for Viral during a trip to Africa , a continent where HIV/AIDS is a serious public health issue . The inspiration came after he watched the film 50/50 , in which the young Adam ( Joseph Gordon-Levitt ) discovers he has cancer and learns to deal with the problem with the support of a friend . Another inspiration was the episode `` Sex Ed '' of the American television comedy series The Office , in which the character Michael Scott ( Steve Carell ) contacts all his ex-girlfriends after being told that his cold sore is a form of herpes .
References
2014 web series debuts
Comedy web series
Brazilian web series
South Pudong Road ( ) is a station that is part of Line 14 of the Shanghai Metro . Located at the intersection of South Pudong Road and Pudong Avenue in Pudong , the station opened with the rest of Line 14 on December 30 , 2021 .
References
Railway stations in Shanghai
Shanghai Metro stations in Pudong
Line 14 , Shanghai Metro
Railway stations in China opened in 2021
Two ships of the United States Navy have been named Converse after George Albert Converse , who was noted for his contributions to naval engineering .
, a commissioned in 1920 and decommissioned in 1930 .
, a commissioned in 1942 and decommissioned in 1946 ; later transferred to Spain as Almirante Valdés ( D23 ) ; scrapped , 1988
Sources
United States Navy ship names
Pickling salt is a salt that is used mainly for canning and manufacturing pickles . It is sodium chloride , as is table salt , but unlike most brands of table salt , it does not contain iodine or any anti caking products added . A widely circulated legend suggested that iodisation caused the brine of pickles to change color . This is false ; however , some anti-caking agents are known to collect at the bottom of the jars or cause the brine to cloud , a minor aesthetic issue . Pickling salt is very fine-grained , to speed up dissolving in water to create a brine , so it is useful for solutions needing salt .
Other uses
Pickling salt has applications other than pickling . It can be used in place of table salt , although it can cake . A solution to this would be to add a few grains of rice to the salt , or to bake it ( which draws the moisture out ) , and then break it apart . Pickling salt sticks well to food , so it can be used in place of popcorn salt , which also has fine grains .
References
Edible salt
Food preservation
Salt
salt
The Problem Child is the third novel in The Sisters Grimm series written by Michael Buckley .
Plot summary
Sabrina is confronted by a mentally challenged girl who has kidnapped her parents ( who may be the person mentioned in the title ) and a vicious monster , continues to fight when Puck comes to save her ( once again , he complains ) . Just then , the portal which Sabrina used to get to her parents burns out , and Sabrina and Puck are trapped in an old asylum . Puck and Sabrina escape , but Sabrina is injured by the monster . After her injuries heal at the hospital , Sabrina goes back with her family to Relda 's house where they hold a celebration to welcome back Sabrina . That night , after investigating through many journals , the criminal becomes clear : Little Red Riding Hood . The following night , wanting to know about Red Riding Hood , Sabrina , Daphne , and Puck go to the ruins of the asylum where she had met the Everafter child . They search for medical files in hopes of finding a clue , but a mysterious man discovers them . He seems to know Sabrina and Daphne 's name , but thinking that he is part of the Scarlet Hand , the three escape back to her grandmother 's house .
In the morning , Sabrina , Daphne , Relda and Puck travel to the newly built school for the opening ceremony , where Mayor Prince Charming gives a speech . However , he is distracted when the Queen of Hearts announces that she dislikes Charming 's ideas and she will seek election as mayor . Suddenly , just as the chaos began , the mysterious man Sabrina had met at the ruin pops out of nowhere . He turns out to be Jacob Alexander Grimm , Relda 's son and Henry 's brother who gets Sabrina addicted to magic and later gets her into trouble with Baba Yaga , an ancient witch who is rumored to be a cannibal . That night , while everyone was asleep , Sabrina sneaks into the room where Jacob was sleeping , to take a look at the files in search for clues . She accidentally wakes Jacob , but instead of sending her back to bed , he explains about a few things about Red Riding Hood . The kidnapper had fallen in despair after she had lost many people that she had cared for , and thinking that her dead kitten was the ferocious monster called the Jabberwocky , she went on kidnapping other people she thought she had lost . That was how the sisters Grimm 's parents were kidnapped , with Little Red Riding Hood thinking that they were her dead parents . Red Riding Hood seems evil only because of the Jabberwocky ; once the Jabberwocky is killed , she is not to be feared . But Sabrina discovers that the only thing that can kill the Jabberwocky is the Vorpal blade , which was divided into three pieces and distributed to separate places in Ferryport Landing . They already have the first piece . Sabrina , Daphne , and Jacob must find the remaining two .
Uncle Jake wants to take Sabrina , Daphne , and Puck out for a drive . Granny sends Sabrina to get Puck , where she finds him pouting because Granny gives more attention to Uncle Jake then him . Sabrina tells him that the whole family cares about him , he believes what she 's trying to say is that she loves him and kisses her on the lips . Later during their drive , at a restaurant labeled the `` Blue Plate Special '' the Jabberwocky attacks and rips Puck 's wings off . After two narrow escapes , they get hold of the pieces from the Little Mermaid , who is hugely fat , turning to food for comfort , after being left by an unknown `` topsider '' . They set off searching for Baba Yaga , the cannibal witch who has the last piece of the Vorpal Blade , who asks for Merlin 's Wand as an exchange . Sabrina disagrees , but Uncle Jake gives it to Baba Yaga without Sabrina 's permission . As they were leaving , Sabrina stole the Shoes of Swiftness from Uncle Jake 's overcoat , and went to Baba Yaga to retrieve the wand . She makes the mistake of accidentally picking up the wrong wand and holding it backwards , thus turning her into a frog ( Charming had to kiss her in order to turn back into herself ) . Sabrina tries connecting the pieces together , and finds a puzzle on the blade , which was supposed to show who the Blue Fairy was disguised as so as she could make the sword into one whole object . The Blue Fairy turns out to be a waitress at a restaurant . After the sword is mended , Sabrina and Daphne fight the Jabberwocky and kill it . Unfortunately , afterward , Uncle Jake is so addicted to magic that he attacks the Blue Fairy with the Vorpal Blade and forces her to grant him a wish . He wishes for all her power , and the fairy is forced to give it up . He uses the fairy 's powers to take away the Everafters ' immortal powers , which begins to kill them . He gives everyone else a wish , and Sabrina wishes that `` Uncle Jake , you 're smart , you 've got a great family , and you 're a Grimm . I wish that deep down you had always known how much power that gave you . '' This alters the past and changes where Uncle Jake attacks the Blue Fairy to Uncle Jake being happy with how it turned out and hugs Granny . Sabrina and Daphne then get their parents back . However , they could not be woken , as far as they know of , and Puck is getting weaker . Book 4 continues with saving Puck .
Characters
Sabrina Gimm
Daphne Grimm
Granny Relda Grimm
Mr. Canis
Puck
Mirror
Rip Van Winkle
Mayor Charming
Mr . Seven
Snow White
The Queen of Hearts
Sheriff Nottingham
Sheriff Hamstead
Uncle Jake Grimm
Little Red Riding Hood
The Jabberwocky
The Little Mermaid
Baba Yaga
Bright Sun
Black Midnight
Red Dawn
The Blue Fairy
Veronica Grimm ( asleep )
Henry Grimm ( asleep )
2006 American novels
2006 children 's books
American children 's novels
American fantasy novels
American mystery novels
Children 's fantasy novels
Children 's mystery novels
Amulet Books books
Karisimbi is a commune of the city of Goma in North Kivu , Democratic Republic of the Congo . It is named after the nearby Mount Karisimbi .
It encompasses the following neighbourhoods :
Ndosho
Mugunga
Virunga
Murara
Majengo
Katoyi
Kasika
Mabanga Sud
Mabanga Nord
Kahembe
Bujovu
References
Goma
Populated places in North Kivu
Marion County is a county located in the U.S. state of Illinois . According to the 2010 census , it had a population of 39,437 . Its county seat is Salem .
Marion County comprises the Centralia , IL Micropolitan Statistical Area , which is included in the St. Louis-St. Charles-Farmington , MO-IL Combined Statistical Area .
History
Marion County was organized on 24 January 1823 from portions of Jefferson and Fayette counties . It was named in honor of Revolutionary War Gen. Francis Marion , the `` Swamp Fox '' .
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 0.6 % ) is water .
The southwest corner of Marion County is the intersection of the Baseline with the Third Principal Meridian , the point of origin for the third survey of the Northwest Territory under the Land Ordinance of 1785 . The origin is marked with a boulder south of Centralia just off U.S. 51 .
Climate and weather
In recent years , average temperatures in the county seat of Salem have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July , although a record low of was recorded in January 1994 and a record high of was recorded in August 1983 . Average monthly precipitation ranged from in January to in May .
Major highways
Interstate 57
U.S. Route 50
U.S. Route 51
Illinois Route 37
Illinois Route 161
Adjacent counties
Fayette County - north
Clay County - east
Wayne County - southeast
Jefferson County - south
Washington County - southwest
Clinton County - west
Demographics
As of the 2010 United States Census , there were 39,437 people , 16,148 households , and 10,746 families residing in the county . The population density was . There were 18,296 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 93.1 % white , 3.9 % black or African American , 0.6 % Asian , 0.3 % American Indian , 0.4 % from other races , and 1.6 % from two or more races . Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 1.4 % of the population . In terms of ancestry , 27.5 % were German , 15.8 % were Irish , 13.6 % were English , and 10.8 % were American .
Of the 16,148 households , 30.9 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 48.9 % were married couples living together , 12.8 % had a female householder with no husband present , 33.5 % were non-families , and 28.8 % of all households were made up of individuals . The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 2.91 . The median age was 41.4 years .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 38,974 and the median income for a family was $ 50,518 . Males had a median income of $ 41,428 versus $ 28,042 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 20,493 . About 12.2 % of families and 16.5 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 23.9 % of those under age 18 and 9.6 % of those age 65 or over .
Communities
Cities
Centralia
Kinmundy
Salem
Wamac
Villages
Alma
Central City
Iuka
Junction City
Kell
Odin
Patoka
Sandoval
Vernon
Walnut Hill
Townships
Marion County is divided into seventeen townships :
Alma
Carrigan
Centralia
Foster
Haines
Iuka
Kinmundy
Meacham
Odin
Omega
Patoka
Raccoon
Romine
Salem
Sandoval
Stevenson
Tonti
Unincorporated Communities
Greendale
Tonti
Politics
Initially a strongly Democratic anti-Yankee county , Marion County has undergone two transitions . Between 1912 and 2004 it was a perfect bellwether apart from the Catholicism-influenced 1960 election when substantial anti-Catholic voting by its largely southern white population caused it to support Republican Richard Nixon . Since the beginning of the twenty-first century it has voted consistently for Republican presidential candidates .
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Marion County , Illinois
References
Illinois counties
1823 establishments in Illinois
Populated places established in 1823
Marion County , Illinois
Tour de Pise ( ) is an isolated rock dome , 27 m , which protrudes through the ice in northwest Rostand Island in the Geologie Archipelago . It was charted in 1951 by the French Antarctic Expedition and named by them for the infamous Tower of Pisa .
Rock formations of Adélie Land
`` Pelados em Santos '' is a song written by Alecsander Alves ( best known by the nickname Dinho ) , and performed by the Brazilian comedy rock band Mamonas Assassinas . The song was released in 1995 , in their only album Mamonas Assassinas . The song enjoyed fame in Brazil and other countries in Latin America . It was a EMI release .
Cover versions
The Brazilian rock group Titãs covered this song in 1999 , in their cover album As Dez Mais .
Music video
The music video of the song shows each member of the band offering a wide range of fictional products of the brand `` Titãs '' ( like banks , whiskeys , food , etc . ) in a Bombril commercials-like studio ( actually , the PV was introduced by the same man that made the Bombril TV commercials ) , with alternate shots of naked women holding the As Dez Mais CD .
The video features performances by , Bárbara Paz and Cheila Ferlin .
In the middle of the video , a brand of giant cigarettes ( `` Titãs lights '' ) is introduced by the Bombril man , and a warning on the upper left edge says : `` Os Titãs advertem : O Ministério faz mal à sua saúde '' ( Titãs warn : the Ministry is unhealthy for you ) , a parody of the similar warning placed in all cigarettes ' packs in Brazil , as well on cigarette advertisings in television : `` O Ministério da Saúde adverte : fumar é prejudicial à saúde '' ( The Ministry of Health warns : smoking is unhealthy '' ) .
Other shots include Tony Bellotto pretending sex with a sex doll , some band members hugged with the naked women and the final shot of the clip , with all the band members and the Bombril man singing the song .
According to the band , the idea of inviting Washington Olivetto was `` to play with our fame of being a commercial band . We thought of singing as if we were doing a commercial for the song , which is the reason for a music video exist '' .
References
1999 singles
Titãs songs
1996 singles
1995 songs
EMI Records singles
Wyoming Highway 317 ( WYO 317 ) is a fairly short north-south Wyoming state road in northeastern Platte County that serves Guernsey State Park as the south entrance .
Route description
Wyoming Highway 317 begins at U.S. Route 26 just west of town center of Guernsey . Highway 317 proceeds northward to Guernsey State Park where it ends at 1.66 miles .
The roadway continues as Lakeside Drive and crosses the Guernsey Dam , an earthfill dam on the North Platte River . Lakeside Drive then runs along the eastern side of the Guernsey Reservoir to the north park entrance and then out to Wyoming Highway 270 northeast of the park .
Major intersections
References
External links
Wyoming State Routes 300-399
WYO 317 - US-26 to Guernsey State Park
Guernsey State Park
Transportation in Platte County , Wyoming
317
Sheikh Ahmed Aref El-Zein ( 10 July 1884 – 13 October 1960 ) ( Arabic : ) was a Shi ' a intellectual from the Jabal Amil ( جبل عامل ) area of South Lebanon . He was a reformist scholar who engaged in the modernist intellectual debates that resonated across Arab and Muslim societies in the early 20th century . Disappointed by the lack of education and prosperity of his community under Ottoman rule , he collaborated with other local scholars on interaction with reform movements underway in Damascus , Baghdad and Cairo . By founding the monthly magazine Al-Irfan , he is credited with bringing literary edification and news of scientific innovations to his community and others across the Arab-speaking world . He published a weekly paper , Jabal Amil for a year , wrote several books and established the first printing press in South Lebanon . He promoted education for both sexes in his conservative society and helped female authors by publishing their material under their real names or pseudonyms . He was a pillar in the national Syrian-Arab movement against Ottoman rule in the later years of the Sultanate and resisted the French mandate by advocating independence for Lebanon . He sought educational reforms and the reconciliation of Islamic values with Western ideas of liberty and democracy .
The early years
El-Zein was born in Shhur , South Lebanon on 10 July 1884 ( 16 Ramadan 1301 a.h. ) . There were no schools in his village so he was sent to a single-teacher school in a nearby village where he was taught reading , the Koran and basic writing skills . His family moved to Sidon ( the third largest city in Lebanon ) where he attended the Rushdiya public school for four years . At the age of 11 , his father sent him to Nabatiya where he attended Al-Hamidiya religious institution and was schooled in the Arabic language . He was tutored in Turkish and Persian and later studied Islamic Jurisprudence with the scholar Sayed Abd-al-Hussein Sharaf-El-Deen . He returned to Sidon in 1904 where he continued his religious education and took French and English language instruction .
He spent his professional life fighting for the rights of the under-privileged in his community and exposing Lebanon 's Shi ' a to the brewing reformist ideas of the era and the latest innovations in science and technology .
He married his cousin Amira Ismail El-Zein in 1904 . They had three sons ( Adeeb , Nizar and Zayd ) and five daughters ( Adeeba , Selma , Fatima , May and Azza ) .
He died 13 October 1960 ( 22 Rabi Al-Thani 1380 ) while on a visit to the shrine of Imam Ali Al-Rida in Kharasan , Iran . He was buried inside the holy shrine .
Literary Contributions
His Early career
El-Zein worked as a correspondent for several newspapers published in the Lebanese capital Beirut including Thamarat Al-Funoon , Al-Ittihad Al-Othmani , and Hadikat Al-Akhbar .
Al-Irfan
On 5 February 1909 , El-Zein published the first issue of Al-Irfan , an Arabic-language monthly `` Scientific , Historical , Literary and Sociological Review . '' This introduced the world to the Shi ' a community in Lebanon and farther afield in Iraq and Iran and debated issues of concern to Shi ' a and Arabs . The magazine was printed in Beirut for the first two years . In 1910 El-Zein commissioned his own printing press in Sidon where the monthly was printed until the 1960s . It was published 10 times a year until after the death of the founder 's son Nizar Al-Zein in 1981 . Afterwards , it was published quarterly until 1987 and then resumed between 1992 and 1996 .
In his publication for the Center for Lebanese Studies at Oxford `` Aspects of Shi ' i Thought From the South of Lebanon , '' Chibli Mallat says the magazine `` epitomized an era and an area , '' taking advantage of the 1908 Ottoman constitutional revolution and a `` new atmosphere of freedom of expression started in Istanbul . '' He posited that the contributors to the magazine and the debates played out within its pages `` reflected , and to an extent shaped , history to come , '' as Al-Irfan became the `` point of convergence '' for the Shi ' a writers on politics and social affairs . Its influence can be seen in Lebanese Shi ' a political and religious writings throughout the twentieth century .
Other publications
In addition to the numerous articles ( literary , fiction , political and religious ) and poetry that he published in his monthly journal and in a weekly paper Jabal Amil that he published from 28 December 1911 to 5 December 1912 . He wrote :
A book : Tarikh Saida ( The history of Sidon ) in 1913 .
A book : Mukhtasar Tarikh Al-Shi ' a ( A Brief History of the Shi ' a ) in 1914 .
A short story , Al-Hub al-Sharif ( Honest Love – A Literary Ethical Love Story ) in 1921 .
He also edited and published :
Al-Wasata Bayn Al-Mutanabi wa Khosomoh ( The Mediation between Al-Mutanabi and his Opponents ) .
Majma ' Al-Bayan Fi Tafseer Al-Quran ( The Confluence of Knowledge in the Interpretation of the Quran ) .
His Struggle Against Occupations and Work for Independence
El-Zein participated in several underground Arab societies , such as Al- ‘ Ahid , Al-Islah , and the Al-Shabiba Al-Arabiya , opposing Ottoman rule and working for the independence of Arab nations . He supported the first Arab Congress held in Paris in 1913 seeking to reform the Ottoman Empire and open Arabs under Ottoman rule to modern civilization . In October 1914 , he was chosen as Sidon 's regional representative of Jami'yat Al-Thawra Al-Arabiya ( The Society for Arab Revolution ) , which merged with Al-Jami'ya Al-Lamarkaziya ( Decentralization Society ) . He became responsible for recruiting members for the organization . His home and printing press became a hub for its activities , which led to his arrest and imprisonment by Ottoman authorities . He was released after a short detention but had to retreat to his farm in south Lebanon and abandoned Al-Irfan for a period of six years .
El-Zein opposed the 1920 French mandate of Lebanon under the League of Nations and participated in a national conference in Beirut in support of the Syrian Revolt . In 1925 , the French authorities detained him briefly for his support of the Syrian Revolt . Continuing his resistance to the mandate authorities , he participated in several anti-occupation conferences and demonstrations . On 3 September 1936 he received a two-month jail sentence after a peaceful demonstration in front of the Government House in Sidon . During the Second World War , he moved to his farm in the south of Lebanon and Al-Irfan ceased publication from 1942–1945 .
His Reformist Ideology
Like Mohamed Abdou , the leading Egyptian intellectual reformist at the end of the 19th century , El-Zein rejected the prevailing practices that confined himself and his community to act within the limitations of religious and cultural views propagated by elites and believed in openness to other religions , cultures , and scientific ideas . Troubled by regional ignorance , political and administrative corruption , and the stagnancy of traditional religious thought , he sought to spread knowledge and promote natural sciences . He used his writings , his influence as a member in several cultural and political organizations , and participation in public forums to promote new ideas and trends in thought .
Education
El-Zein considered learning and training as the only route for the East to reach intellectual and political liberty . He called for the adoption of a free-thinking pedagogy instead of the approach of rote memorization prevalent in traditional Islamic culture and current French practices . He stressed the importance of training and sports and advocated `` exploring the powers of the brain '' and developing them through `` scientific principles . '' He preferred the Anglo-Saxon educational approach because of its promotion of the practical as opposed to the French .
Adoption of Western Values
El-Zein rejected blind imitation of the West but encouraged informed choices of those ideals and values that could fit easily with conservative Muslim society . He worked to overcome the weakness and ignorance that kept his community from adapting necessary innovations from the West .
Women 's Status
El-Zein believed that a major cause of backwardness and poverty in the Muslim community was tied to home life and the condition of women . He saw the cure in educating them especially since they were essential to making their children productive members of society . So Al-Irfan included a special-women 's corner that covered the lives and tribulations of accomplished women throughout history . He encouraged female writers , corresponding with them and publishing their works . He emphasized the importance of women participating in all disciplines of education including science and medicine .
Favoring the moderate approach of covering the hair but not the face to the controversial issue of veiling , El-Zein devoted extensive space in his journal to its discussion . Paralleling the thoughts of other Muslim progressives of the time in their opposition to polygamy , he emphasized the condition set in Islamic jurisprudence of fair treatment that a man can never treat more than a woman equally .
Religious Reconciliation
Like other reformists of the era , El-Zein called for a return to the true spirit of religion with its teachings of good conduct and brotherhood . He considered all religions to be one in essence and origin even if they differed in presentation and practice . He supported the pan-Islamic movement of the era calling for unity among Muslim sects and encouraging Jami'yat Al-Taqrib Bayn Al-Mathahib Al-Islamiya ( Association For Drawing Together Muslim Sects ) . At the time , his moderate and reconciliatory attitudes drew criticism from some Muslim and Christian personalities . Fiery media debates ensued between him and his supporters and the Local Jesuits ( Al-Basheer newspaper and Father Louis Sheikho writing in Al-Mashrik ) , the Orientalist Jesuits ( Father Henri Lammens in Al-Mashrik journal ) , and Sunni Muslims ( Rashid Rida , a disciple of Muhammad Abduh , in his Al-Manar paper ) . These debates , often intense , reflected a changing social and intellectual environment as different thinkers sought to identify a common ground at a time when the region was undergoing major political and intellectual changes .
Economics and Politics
El-Zein stressed the importance of economic independence for Arabs and was conscious of the need of his country to build factories in order to achieve self-sufficiency and economic independence as shown in an article he wrote for The Ottoman Union newspaper entitled `` Factories , Factories – How Can We Be So Slow to Build . '' To him , no society could prosper without utilizing all its national resources and stimulating the agricultural and industry sectors .
Politically , El-Zein lived through three regimes : Ottoman , French mandate , and independence . He opposed the Ottomans and the French despite inducements by both to recruit him to their side . Reportedly , the French tried to lure him with offers of the position of education minister and modern printing equipment , which he refused . After independence as corrupting political power began influencing emerging leaders , he preferred to stay on the sidelines pushing for progress and helping the under-privileged in his community . He believed in Arab nationalism and belonged to several secret societies that opposed the Ottomans . He participated in conferences that propagated Syrian unity , which he believed would be a prelude to Arab unity as the `` realistic and encompassing '' future for Arabs . He strongly condemned the Balfour Declaration . He saw the 1948 Arab defeat and the establishment of Israel as severe blows which brought shame on the Arab nation with a loss of dignity rooted in the complacency of its leaders , and a lack of national awareness among its people .
Language , Journalism
El-Zein was adamant about the proper use of the classical standard Arabic language , calling for its proper use in all instances including poetry . His advocacy sprang from a nationalist belief that protecting the language was a prelude to advancing and protecting the Arab identity . He believed that nation that `` did not take care of its language was putting itself at the risk of extinction . ''
Journalism to El-Zein was a mission of reform with political , educational , and religious aspects . His repeated confrontations with authorities underline his commitment to the critical and scrutinizing role of the press as he understood and practiced it .
References
Shia scholars of Islam
1884 births
1960 deaths
Burials in Mashhad
Burials at Imam Reza Shrine
Yaakkai ( ) is a 2017 Indian Tamil romantic crime thriller film directed by Kuzhandhai Velappan , starring Krishna and Swathi Reddy in the leading roles . Featuring music composed by Yuvan Shankar Raja , the film was released on 3 March 2017 .
Cast
Krishna as Kathir
Swathi Reddy as Kavitha
Prakash Raj as Sagayam
Radha Ravi as Krishnamurthy
Guru Somasundaram as Sriram
M. S. Bhaskar as Kathir 's father
G. Marimuthu as Kavitha 's father
Mayilsamy as Barfly
Singampuli as Muniyappan ( Police )
Aathma Patrick as Melvin
Hari Krishnan as Noor
Production
In November 2013 , Kuzhandhai Velappan and Kreshna announced that they would make a film titled Idhayam , and that the latter had purchased the title rights from the makers of the 1991 film of the same name . The film underwent a title change from Idhayam to Yaakkai in November 2014 , after the team had shot for six days and had cast Prakash Raj as a police officer and Swathi Reddy as the heroine . The film was later put on hold until the completion of the lead pair 's other ongoing project , Yatchan ( 2015 ) .
The film then progressed throughout 2016 , with Guru Somasundaram joining the cast to portray an antagonist in the film . Shoots were predominantly held in college campuses across Chennai , while scenes were also shot in Coimbatore , Ooty and Kothagiri . The film entered its post-production stages in July 2016 , with Kreshna dubbing for his portions in a single day .
Soundtrack
Two songs from the film were released as promotional singles , prior to the release of the film 's album . `` Née '' sung by Yuvan Shankar Raja was released to coincide with Valentine 's Day in 2016 , while another song titled `` Solli Tholaiyen Ma '' sung by Dhanush was released during July 2016 .
Critical reception
Sify wrote `` Throughout the film , the director takes the audiences for granted with amateurish writing and execution . Except for the visuals and Yuvan 's score nothing really works . To conclude , this is nothing but clumsy writing and execution . ''
New Indian Express wrote `` Of about 127 minutes of viewing time , 'Yaakkai ' is a monotonous journey , unexciting and uninteresting . ''
Behindwoods wrote `` Kulandai Velappan 's writing is good and his idea to make a romantic crime thriller involving medical scam is commendable , as it is a road , not-much-taken . On the downside , the narration could have been much more effective and straightforward , which would have helped the film 's engagement . ''
Baradwaj Rangan of Film Companion wrote `` It comes and goes , and the only interesting aspect of the film , it turns out , is a trick built around the timeline of the narrative . But like everything else , it 's not pulled off well . ''
References
External links
Films scored by Yuvan Shankar Raja
2010s Tamil-language films
Indian crime thriller films
Medical-themed films
Films shot in Chennai
Films shot in Ooty
Films shot in Coimbatore
2017 crime thriller films
Romantic crime films
Beef O'Brady 's ( styled as Beef ' O ' Brady 's Family Sports Restaurant ) is an American restaurant franchise , established in 1985 by Jim Mellody in Brandon , Florida , and headquartered in Tampa .
History
Jim Mellody moved from his native Pennsylvania to Florida in 1971 , and tried numerous restaurant ideas before hitting on the concept of a family friendly Irish pub ( no hard liquor ) . He founded Beef O'Brady 's in 1985 . In 1998 , Mellody sold most of his interest to Family Sports Concepts Inc. , headed by Chuck Winship , but retained an interest in 13 locations . Franchising started in 1998 , and by August 2000 , it had grown to 40 locations .
When Mellody died in November 2002 , the chain had grown to 88 locations within seven southeastern states . After Mellody 's death , what had been his remaining interest in the company was bought out , and by December 2005 there were 183 locations in 19 states . As of 2009 , Mellody 's daughter still ran the original Brandon location .
In early 2010 , CEO Chuck Winship retired and was replaced by Chris Elliott , a former executive of Cinnabon and Church 's Chicken ; at that time , the company had approximately 245 locations , down from a high of approximately 270 . As of September 2019 , the number of locations had dropped to 150 , with 26 of those company-owned and operated .
Bowl game
In 2009 , the company became the title sponsor of the St. Petersburg Bowl , an annual college football bowl game held at Tropicana Field in St. Petersburg , Florida . That year 's game was officially named the `` St. Petersburg Bowl presented by Beef ' O ' Brady 's '' . The game was then renamed as the `` Beef ' O ' Brady 's Bowl '' for four years ( 2010–2013 ) . In 2014 , the game reverted to its original name , and in 2017 became the Gasparilla Bowl .
See also
List of Irish restaurants
References
External links
Irish-American cuisine
Irish restaurants
Restaurants established in 1985
Regional restaurant chains in the United States
Restaurant franchises
Restaurants in Florida
Drinking establishment chains in the United States
1985 establishments in Florida
Companies based in Tampa , Florida
American companies established in 1985
SV Dessau 05 is a German association football club based in Dessau , Saxony-Anhalt . They distinguished themselves in 1949 as winners of the inaugural FDGB-Pokal , the East German Cup .
History
The club was founded in July 1905 as FC Adler and in October of that year merged with the football department of the church youth group Jugendvereins zu St. Johannis to become Dessauer FC . After World War I , in February 1919 , this club joined Sportlichen Vereinigung BAMAG Dessau to form VfR Dessau 1905 , and two years later a union with SpVgg Dessau created SV Dessau 05 .
In 1935 , after the re-organization of German football under the Third Reich , Dessau played in the Gauliga Mitte , one of sixteen new upper class divisions . The club quickly emerged as a strong side , capturing three division titles from 1937 to 1939 , finishing second the next two seasons , and then winning another three consecutive titles from 1942 to 1944 . However , Dessau was never able to achieve any kind of success in the subsequent playoff rounds of the national championships , making it past the preliminary rounds only once in six attempts . In 1942 , the team advanced as far as the quarterfinals of the Tschammerpokal , predecessor of today 's German Cup .
After World War II , most organizations in Germany , including sports associations and football clubs , were dissolved by the occupying Allied authorities . The club was re-formed in late 1945 as Blau-Weiss Dessau . As was typical in Soviet occupied East Germany , the club would undergo a number of name changes : Sport-Union Dessau ( 1947 ) ; SG Dessau-Nord ( 1948 ) ; BSG Waggonbau Dessau ( 1949 ) ; BSG Waggonfabrik Dessau ( August 1949 ) ; and BSG Motor Dessau ( February 1950 ) . It was as Waggonbau Dessau that the club defeated BSG Gera-Süd 1–0 to capture the East German Cup , the most significant honour in their history .
From 1949 to 1954 , Dessau played in the top-flight DDR-Oberliga where their best result was a third-place finish in their first year of play at that level . After falling from the top division the club played for the most part as a second division side until 1967 when they slipped further to Bezirksliga Halle ( III ) where they played until the start of the 1980s . In 1989 , they abandoned the name Motor Dessau to play as SV Waggonbau Dessau , and in 1995 re-claimed the name SV Dessau 05 .
In the early 2000s , Dessau played most of their football in the fifth tier Verbandsliga Sachsen-Anhalt , interrupted by two one-season stints in the NOFV-Oberliga Süd in 2004–05 and 2006–07 . In 2009 , it dropped down to the Landesliga but won promotion back up to the Verbandsliga in 2014 where it plays today .
Honours
The club 's honours :
Gauliga Mitte
Champions : 1937 , 1938 , 1939 , 1942 , 1943 , 1944
Runners-up : 1940 , 1941
FDGB-Pokal
Winners : 1949
Verbandsliga Sachsen-Anhalt ( V )
Champions : 2004 , 2006
Landesliga Sachsen-Anhalt Süd
Champions : 2014
Runners-up : 2012
References
External links
Official team site
The Abseits Guide to German Soccer
Football clubs in Germany
Football clubs in East Germany
Football clubs in Saxony-Anhalt
SV Dessau
Association football clubs established in 1905
1905 establishments in Germany
Works association football clubs in Germany
Lipina may refer to places :
Czech Republic
Lipina ( Olomouc District ) , a municipality and village
Poland
Lipina , Łódź Voivodeship , a village in central Poland
Lipina , Lublin Voivodeship , a village in east Poland
Lipina , Podlaskie Voivodeship , a village in northeast Poland
Lipina , Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship , a village in north Poland
Kuwait participated in the 1974 Asian Games held in Tehran , Iran from 1 to 16 September 1974 . Athletes from Kuwait won only one medal and finished 18th in a medal table .
References
Nations at the 1974 Asian Games
1974
Asian Games
Secundian or Secundianus may refer to :
Secundian , Marcellian and Verian ( died 250 ) , Christian saints martyred in 250 AD
Donatus , Romulus , Secundian , and 86 Companions ( died 304 ) , group of Christians who were martyred c. 304 AD
Secundianus of Singidunum , an Arian bishop of Singidunum deposed at the Council of Aquileia , 381
James Wedderburn ( 1585 – 23 September 1639 ) , bishop of Dunblane , was the second son of John Wedderburn , a mariner and shipowner from Dundee , and Margaret Lindsay . James Wedderburn ( 1495 ? –1553 ) , a poet and playwright and early Scottish proponent of Protestantism , was his grandfather .
He was born at Dundee in 1585 , and began his university life at St. Andrews , matriculating in 1604 , and graduating in 1608 with a Master of Arts ; he moved thence to one of the English universities , probably the University of Cambridge . He was at one time tutor to the children of Isaac Casaubon , and among the Burney manuscripts in the British Museum there are several letters from him to Casaubon and to his son Meric , the latter having been Wedderburn 's special pupil .
Wedderburn took orders in the Anglican Church , was minister at Harstone in 1615 , and was closely associated with William Laud in the preparation of the liturgy for the Scottish church . He was professor of divinity in St Mary 's College , St Andrews , in 1617 , and had obtained his degree of D. D. before January 1623 , as at that time , in conjunction with Principal Howie , he introduced the liturgy at the college , in compliance with the orders of the king .
In February 1626 he was appointed rector of Compton , diocese of Winchester , and was collated canon of Ely before Christmas 1626 . Made D. D. by the University of Cambridge in 1627 , he was presented by the king to the vicarage of Mildenhall , diocese of Norwich , on 12 September 1628 . He was appointed prebendary of Whitchurch in the bishopric of Bath and Wells on 26 May 1631 . He became dean of the Chapel Royal , Stirling , in October 1635 .
On 11 February 1636 he was preferred to the see of Dunblane , in succession to Adam Bellenden , promoted to the bishopric of Aberdeen . He must have retained the prebend of Whitchurch , as no successor was appointed until 1 July 1638 . When the Glasgow assembly of 13 December 1638 deposed the bishops , Wedderburn was expressly included in the excommunication , because `` he had been a confidential agent of Laud , archbishop of Canterbury , in introducing the new liturgy and popish ceremonies '' . ( See Bishops ' Wars and National Covenant for context . )
He fled to England , in company with other Scottish bishops , and found protection from his patron , Archbishop Laud ; but he did not long survive his deprivation . He died at Canterbury on 23 September 1639 , and was buried in the chapel of the Virgin Mary in the cathedral there . There is a portrait of the bishop , by Jamieson , at Birkhill , Fife , reproduced in The Wedderburn Book . He was said to have written A Treatise of Reconciliation .
Notes
References
Pearce , A. S. Wayne , `` Wedderburn , James ( 1585–1639 ) '' , Oxford Dictionary of National Biography , Oxford University Press , 2004 , retrieved 17 January 2008
Attribution
See also
James , John and Robert Wedderburn
1585 births
1639 deaths
Alumni of the University of St Andrews
People educated at the High School of Dundee
Clergy from Dundee
Alumni of the University of Cambridge
Scottish dramatists and playwrights
In enzymology , an amino-acid racemase ( ) is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
an L-amino acid a D-amino acid
Hence , this enzyme has one substrate , L-amino acid , and one product , D-amino acid .
This enzyme belongs to the family of isomerases , specifically those racemases and epimerases acting on amino acids and derivatives . The systematic name of this enzyme class is amino-acid racemase . This enzyme is also called L-amino acid racemase . This enzyme participates in 4 metabolic pathways : glycine , serine and threonine metabolism , cysteine metabolism , D-glutamine and D-glutamate metabolism , and D-arginine and D-ornithine metabolism . It employs one cofactor , pyridoxal phosphate .
Structural studies
As of late 2007 , 5 structures have been solved for this class of enzymes , with PDB accession codes , , , , and .
References
EC 5.1.1
Pyridoxal phosphate enzymes
Enzymes of known structure
The chestnut-throated seedeater ( Sporophila telasco ) is Neotropical songbird in the family Thraupidae .
It is found in along the western seaboard of South America , from southwestern Colombia to far northern Chile .
The natural habitats of the chestnut-throated seedeater are subtropical or tropical dry shrubland , subtropical or tropical moist shrubland , swamps , sandy shores , and heavily degraded former forest along the pacific coast and montane uplands of Western South America , primarily Ecuador , Peru and Chile .
The species serves as an indicator of declining forest health , as their populations appear to increase following deforestation and land use change .
Males possess a rich chestnut patch on the throat in breeding season , while females share a similar color pattern , but lack the throat patch , with a lighter bill , but moult into drab plumage outside of the breeding season . This occurs because the cost of predator attracting , colorful plumage is no longer worth taking when breeding activities are completed .
These songbirds are among the smallest members of the tanager family at approximately 4.0 inches in length , and possess powerful bills to harvest grass seeds .
References
chestnut-throated seedeater
Birds of Ecuador
Birds of Peru
Western South American coastal birds
chestnut-throated seedeater
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The 1967 season was Djurgårdens IF 's 67th in existence , their 22nd season in Allsvenskan and their 5th consecutive season in the league . They were competing in Allsvenskan , Svenska Cupen and European Cup .
Player statistics
Appearances for competitive matches only .
| }
Goals
Total
Allsvenskan
Svenska Cupen
European Cup
no goals
Competitions
Overall
Allsvenskan
League table
Matches
Svenska Cupen
European Cup
First round
Friendlies
References
Djurgårdens IF Fotboll seasons
Djurgarden
The Joseph H. Lauder Institute of Management & International Studies ( The Lauder Institute ) offers a joint degree program at the University of Pennsylvania , combining an MA in international studies from the School of Arts & Sciences with an MBA from The Wharton School or JD from the Law School . Students pursue one of six Programs of Concentration focused on five regional areas ( Africa , East and Southeast Asia , Europe , Latin America , or South Asia , the Middle East and North Africa ) or the Global Program . Within the regional Programs of Concentration , students must attain superior language proficiency based upon an oral proficiency interview certified by Language Testing International in either Arabic , Chinese , French , German , Hindi , Japanese , Korean , Portuguese , Russian , or Spanish .
Each year 60-70 students from around the world join the Lauder Program in May starting in Philadelphia before departing on an 8-week summer immersion to their respective regions of study . Students return to campus in August to join the MBA or JD program and then graduate with their class two years later . In the most recent incoming class , 60 % of the class were US Citizens and 40 % were international or dual citizens .
History
The Lauder Institute was founded in 1983 by Leonard A. Lauder and Ronald S. Lauder in memory of their father , Joseph H. Lauder . Leonard A. Lauder was awarded the Foreign Language Advocacy Award in 1990 by the Northeast Conference on the Teaching of Foreign Languages in recognition of Mr. Lauder 's support for the requirement that MBA students in the Institute attain superior levels of linguistic proficiency and engage in immersion experiences to attain cultural proficiency .
References
External links
Business schools in Pennsylvania
University of Pennsylvania
Educational institutions established in 1983
1983 establishments in Pennsylvania
Estée Lauder Companies
The 1963 England rugby union tour of Australasia was the first overseas tour by the England national rugby union team .
Scotland , Ireland and France had preceded England in embarking on short tours to the Southern Hemisphere , and the RFU can be criticised for not having understood that an itinerary of six hard matches including three Test matches in a mere 18 days is somewhat severe , especially when 2 Test matches , against different countries , fall within 4 days at the end of the trip .
Matches
Scores and results list England 's points tally first .
Touring party
Manager : J.T.W . Berry
Assistant Manager : M.R . Steele-Bodger
Captain : Mike Weston ( Durham City ) 16 Caps
Full back
Roger Hosen ( Northampton ) No Caps
Three-quarters
F.D . Sykes ( Northampton ) 2 Caps
Malcolm Phillips ( Fylde ) 20 Caps
Mike Weston ( Durham City ) 16 Caps
James Colin Gibson ( US Portsmouth ) No Caps
John Dee ( Hartlepool Rovers ) 2 Caps
John Ranson ( Rosslyn Park ) No Caps
Half-backs
Phil Horrocks-Taylor ( Leicester ) 4 Caps
R.F Read ( Harlequins ) No Caps
Trevor Wintle ( St Mary 's Hospital ) 4 Caps
Simon Clarke ( Cambridge University ) 4 Caps
Forwards
Ron Jacobs ( Northampton ) 22 Caps
Phil Judd ( Coventry ) 5 Caps
John E. Highton ( US Portsmouth ) No Caps
Bert Godwin ( Coventry ) 3 Caps
John Thorne ( Bristol ) 3 Caps
John Owen ( Coventry ) 4 Caps
T.A . Pargetter ( Coventry ) 2 Caps
Mike Davis ( Torquay Athletic ) 3 Caps
Budge Rogers ( Bedford ) 10 Caps
David Perry ( Bedford ) 2 Caps
Brian Wightman ( Coventry ) 3 Caps
Vic Marriott ( Harlequins ) No Caps
References
1963 rugby union tours
1963
1963
tour
1963 in New Zealand rugby union
1963 in Australian rugby union
On December 23 , 2015 , an outbreak of supercell thunderstorms produced tornadoes across northern Mississippi and middle Tennessee , resulting in 13 tornado-related deaths and numerous injuries . Other tornadoes occurred as far north as Indiana and Michigan . Scattered tornado activity continued over the next two days before the outbreak ended . This was the first of two deadly tornado outbreaks to impact the southern United States during December 2015 with the other occurring just a day after this one ended .
Metereological synopsis
On December 23 , 2015 , the Storm Prediction Center discussed the probabilities for severe weather to materialize in the Mississippi Valley , encompassing regions in northern Louisiana , eastern Arkansas , northwestern Mississippi , western Tennessee , the Missouri Bootheel , and extreme southwestern Kentucky . A cold front ejecting from the Texas Panhandle and a warm front coming from the lower Ohio River valley , intersected by a stationary front placed over western Kansas , led to the creation of a triple point over northwestern Missouri . This set up the environment for an atmosphere conductive to severe weather . As the evening progressed , further certainty arose for the possibility for an outbreak , as Convective Available Potential Energy values of around 1,000–2,000 J/kg and effective wind shear were present for the aforementioned areas of the upper Mississippi Valley . Daylight heating in these areas gave way for effective buoyancy in the area , further improving the conditions for supercells to develop . Given the favorable parameters , the SPC , alongside its Convective outlook , introduced a 15 % hatched area for tornadoes , indicating the probability for a few strong tornadoes to occur , as discrete supercell thunderstorms were expected to develop in the area . As such , the SPC issued a PDS tornado watch , the first of multiple tornado watches that day , for northern Louisiana , western Arkansas , northwestern Mississippi , and western Tennessee , highlighting the elevated threat for strong tornadoes in the area . At 2000 UTC , the SPC introduced an increased area for the concern of strong tornadoes , extending the existent area to reach central Tennessee , northwestern Alabama , and central portions of Kentucky .
The first tornadoes of the day occurred in the Midwest , where an EF1 tornado that touched down in Greenwood , Indiana , where several homes sustained damage . Another tornado caused damage to homes in the Indianapolis suburb of Noblesville . In Illinois , a tornado destroyed multiple outbuildings and downed trees near the town of Sciota . The outbreak also spawned the only known tornado to touch down in Michigan during the month of December , an EF1 that struck the Detroit suburb of Canton , causing considerable damage to vehicles , an industrial park , and a gas station .
In the area with the greatest risk for tornadoes , multiple supercells developed by noon , soon becoming tornadic . A strong EF2 tornado occurred near Marianna , Arkansas , completely destroying mobile homes , tearing roofs off of frame homes , and damaging cabins in the area . A large EF3 tornado eventually touched down south of Clarksdale , Mississippi , killing two people and severely damaging or destroying about 15 homes in that area . The tornado continued to the northeast , later snapping trees and destroying homes near Marks and Como before dissipating . The same parent supercell produced another tornado further east of Como , a violent EF4 that devastated 6 counties on Mississippi and Tennessee along a mile long path , killing 9 people . Another destructive EF3 tornado struck the small community of Lutts , Tennessee after dark , destroying multiple homes and a church , and completely leveling the town 's post office . Significant tornado activity continued through parts of Mississippi and Tennessee overnight , including an EF2 that killed an elderly couple in their small , unanchored home near Linden , Tennessee . In total , the outbreak produced a total of 13 tornado-related deaths and numerous injuries . Additional scattered tornado activity occurred on the 24th and 25th , including a high-end EF2 that caused heavy damage in the southwestern part of Birmingham , Alabama on Christmas .
Confirmed tornadoes
December 23 event
December 24 event
December 25 event
Holly Springs–Ashland , Mississippi/Selmer , Tennessee
This violent and deadly wedge tornado , which originated from the same cell that produced the Como , Mississippi EF3 , touched down in Tate County , Mississippi to the southwest of Holly Springs , initially only causing EF0 tree damage . The tornado rapidly intensified to EF3 strength as it entered Marshall County , obliterating several mobile homes and sweeping away multiple unanchored block foundation homes . A 12-year-old child survived being thrown 300 yards in this area when the mobile home he was in disintegrated . The tornado continued towards Holly Springs , prompting a tornado emergency and leveling a church at high-end EF3 strength . Brick homes in the area had their roofs removed and exterior walls collapsed . The tornado then impacted the south edge of town , causing major damage to a motor sports park , snapping numerous hardwood trees , and destroying homes in the area . The damage that occurred at the Holly Springs Motor Sports Park was particularly severe . Two cinder block restroom facility buildings at this location were reduced to bare slabs with the plumbing fixtures ripped away and missing , and a large motor home was found upside-down 100 meters away from where it originated , resting on the foundation of a small two-story office building that was completely leveled . A 25-foot section of the top half of the reinforced concrete drag strip wall was broken off with the connecting rebar sheared off , likely as a result of a vehicle being slammed into it during the tornado . A dragster and a company van were both thrown 200 meters , and a metal-framed service garage building was obliterated with anchor bolts ripped out of the foundation and a large engine winch torn from its anchors and blown off of the slab . Ground scouring and debarking of trees occurred on the property as well , and a large section of the aluminum grandstands was blown 500 yards . Two people were killed in Holly Springs , and several others were injured . The tornado continued to intensify as it entered Benton County and passed to the northeast of Ashland , where it reached very high-end EF3 strength as it completely flattened several poorly anchored frame homes , scoured pavement from a road , mangled vehicles beyond recognition , and killed multiple people . An unanchored home in this area was obliterated and swept away along with much of its block foundation , leaving little trace behind . Trees in the area were debarked , a metal warehouse building was damaged , and a brick church had its roof torn off as well .
Continuing to the northeast , the tornado reached EF4 strength near the rural community of Canaan , where trees were debarked and a large home was completely leveled and mostly swept away , leaving much of the foundation slab bare . Two other homes in this area were heavily damaged at EF2 strength . The tornado continued into Tippah County at EF3 strength as it destroyed several homes and a metal warehouse building near Walnut . The tornado maintained EF3 intensity crossed the state line into Tennessee , entering Hardeman County and passing near Middleton , damaging several homes in the area . Continuing into McNairy County , the tornado destroyed several additional homes at the south edge of Selmer before dissipating . Overall , 9 people were killed along the path and 36 others were injured .
See also
December 2015 North American storm complex
Tornado outbreak of December 16–17 , 2019
Tornado outbreak of December 10-11 , 2021
Notes
References
F4 tornadoes by date
,2015-12-23
12,23
Tornado outbreak,12,23
Tornado outbreak,12,23
Tornado outbreak,12,23
Tornado outbreak,12,23
Tornado outbreak
Alejandro Costoya Rodríguez ( born 6 May 1993 ) is a Spanish handball player who plays for Chambéry SMBH and the Spanish team .
He participated at the 2017 World Men 's Handball Championship .
References
1993 births
Living people
People from Avilés
Spanish male handball players
Liga ASOBAL players
CB Ademar León players
Competitors at the 2018 Mediterranean Games
Mediterranean Games bronze medalists for Spain
Mediterranean Games medalists in handball
`` Lay Me Down and Die '' is a song by The Easybeats released as a single in Australia November 1968 . It was written by George Young and Harry Vanda . It was first released as an instrumental in September 1968 in the UK as the B-side to the `` Good Times '' single .
The single received poor reviews from the Australian music press , the staff writer for Go-Set magazine wrote : `` The Easybeats are slowly drowning , and they are reaching for the proverbial straw , this record , a straw which can either give ( a flop ) or hold ( a hit ) . '' The B-side was `` See Line Woman '' from the Good Friday album , which had not been released in Australia at that point .
The song was later released on the compilation album The Best of The Easybeats Volume 2 . In 1975 , a different , unreleased version with vocals was released on the reissue of that album .
Tracklisting
Lay Me Down and Die
See Line Woman
References
1968 singles
The Easybeats songs
Songs written by Harry Vanda
Songs written by George Young ( rock musician )
Parlophone singles
Albert Productions singles
1968 songs
Autódromo Parque de la Velocidad de San Jorge is a motorsports circuit located near San Jorge , Argentina . The circuit was developed for national competitions . Around the circuit extends a very natural landscape , composed of important trees that give a beautiful aspect to the path , being considered as one of the best circuits in the country .
Motorsport venues in Santa Fe Province
The RMS Ascania was an ocean liner operated by the Cunard Line . She was launched on 20 December 1923 at the Armstrong Whitworth Shipbuilders Ltd yard in Newcastle-upon-Tyne ; the fifth of Cunard 's six `` A '' class liners . Due to unforeseen cost overruns , the vessel was not completed until May 1925 . Following service in a number of military roles during the Second World War , she was refitted and returned to civilian use in 1950 , finally retiring in 1956 .
Pre-War
Her maiden voyage was between London ( cargo ) -Southampton-Quebec-Montreal starting on 22 May 1925 ; she was employed on this route , switching to Halifax and New York during the winter , until World War II . In July 1927 her accommodation was altered to cabin , tourist and 3rd class , and in March 1939 to cabin and 3rd class . In December 1934 Ascania rescued the crew of the sinking cargo ship SS Unsworth in mid-Atlantic . Ascania herself ran into trouble on 2 July 1938 when she ran aground in the St. Lawrence River , near Bic Island , Quebec . Her 400 passengers were taken off by the Canadian Pacific cargo liner Beaverford while the Ascania '' 's crew remained aboard to refloat the liner which was repaired and returned to service a few months later .
Wartime Service
On 24 August 1939 , she was taken into naval service and converted into an Armed Merchant Cruiser . Armed with 8 x 6-inch ( 152mm ) and 2 x 3-inch ( 76mm ) naval guns , she became HMS Ascania with the pennant number F68 . She sailed with the Halifax Escort Force and later with the North Atlantic Escort Force on convoy protection duty . From November 1941 to September 1942 she deployed to the New Zealand station . In October 1942 , she was returned to the UK and was employed as a Troopship by the Ministry of War Transport . The following year , Ascania was modified into a Landing Ship Infantry and took part in the Invasion of Sicily in 1943 , and the Anzio Landings and landings in the south of France in 1944 .
Post-warAscania was returned to Cunard and refitted , resuming passenger service on 20 December 1947 on the Liverpool to Halifax route . She underwent a major refit in 1949 , to 14,440 gross register tons and with accommodation for 200 1st and 500 tourist class passengers , and returned to service on 21 April 1950 on the Liverpool-Quebec-Montreal route . Ascania was again taken up as a troopship for the Suez landings and finally retired in December 1956 .
HeritageAscania 's bell is on display at the Maritime Museum of the Atlantic in Halifax , Nova Scotia . It is located in the 'Visible Storage ' display cases section of the museum on the second floor . In addition , a large cut-away model is displayed at the Canadian Museum of Immigration at Pier 21 next to the landing deck where Ascania '' once docked .
References
External links
Images of Ascania at www.greatships.net
Cabin Liners : Cunard 's `` A '' -Class Liners 1924
Ocean liners
Passenger ships of the United Kingdom
Ships of the Cunard Line
Steamships
World War II Auxiliary cruisers of the Royal Navy
Troop ships of the United Kingdom
1923 ships
Maritime incidents in 1938
Ships built by Armstrong Whitworth
Wheeler Road is a major highway in the east-central part of the U.S. state of Georgia , traveling through the southeastern part of Columbia County and the northeastern part of Richmond County . For its entire length , it is an urban corridor of the Augusta metropolitan area . It connects Evans and Martinez with Augusta . Even though Georgia does not sign its county highways , except for on green street signs , Wheeler Road is Columbia County Route 573 ( CR 573 ) .
It is named for Joseph Wheeler , an American military commander and politician . He had the rare distinction of serving as a general during wartime for two opposing forces : first as a noted general in the cavalry of the Confederate States Army in the 1860s during the American Civil War , and later as a general in the United States Army during both the Spanish–American War and Philippine–American War near the turn of the twentieth century . For much of the Civil War , he served as the senior cavalry general in the Army of Tennessee and fought in most of its battles in the Western Theater . Between the Civil War and the Spanish–American War , Wheeler served multiple terms as a United States Representative from the state of Alabama .
Route description
Wheeler Road begins at an intersection with Georgia State Route 383 ( SR 383 ; South Belair Road ) on the Evans–Martinez line in the southeastern part of Columbia County , where the roadway continues as South Old Belair Road . The highway travels northeast through Martinez proper for approximately to an intersection with Beverly Road , where Wheeler Road curves to the east-southeast . At the intersection with the southern terminus of Hardy Road , it curves back to the northeast . It then intersects the southern terminus of Flowing Wells Road ( CR 164 ) and the western terminus of Mason McKnight Jr. Parkway . Here , Wheeler Road turns to the right and travels to the south-southeast . Immediately , it has an interchange with Interstate 20 ( I-20 ; Carl Sanders Highway ) . Within this interchange , the road enters Richmond County ( and the city limits of Augusta ) and curves to the southeast .
Wheeler Road travels just south of Doctors Hospital . Just southeast of the hospital is an intersection with both the southern terminus of Medical Center Drive , which leads to the hospital itself , and the northern terminus of Augusta West Parkway , which mostly serves as a frontage road for the western side of I-520 ( Bobby Jones Expressway ) . Here , the roadway curves to the east-northeast . Just over later , Wheeler Road has an interchange with I-520 . On the eastern side of the interstate is an intersection with the southern terminus of Robert C. Daniel Jr. Parkway and the northern terminus of Marks Church Road , the latter serving as a frontage road for the eastern side of I-520 . The highway travels just to the south-southeast of Augusta Exchange , a regional retail park . At an intersection with Walton Way Extension , the road narrows from four lanes to two . After that intersection , it transitions into a more residential corridor . Just west of an intersection with the southern terminus of Regent Drive , the highway gradually curves to the east-southeast and travels between Langford Middle School , Tutt Middle School , and Westminster Schools of Augusta . Wheeler Road skirts along the southern edge of Big Oak Park and Westover Memorial Cemetery . Between Augusta University 's Summerville campus and the Augusta Country Club , the road meets its eastern terminus , an intersection with Weed Street .
History
Major intersections
See also
References
Streets and parkways in the Augusta metropolitan area
Transportation in Columbia County , Georgia
Transportation in Richmond County , Georgia
Motherwell North is one of the twenty-one wards used to elect members of the North Lanarkshire Council . It elects four councillors and covers part of Motherwell ( the Cleekhimin , Coursington and Globe neighbourhoods ) plus the nearby , adjoining villages of Carfin , Newarthill and most of New Stevenston ( other than streets north of the Shotts Line railway tracks ) , with a combined population of 18,191 in 2019 ; created in 2007 , its boundaries remained unchanged in a 2017 national review .
Councillors
Election Results
2017 Election
2017 North Lanarkshire Council election
2012 Election
2012 North Lanarkshire Council election
On 8 March 2016 , Labour councillors Helen McKenna and Peter Nolan resigned from the party and became Independents .
2014 by-election
Labour councillor Annita McAuley died on 23 October 2013 . A by-election was held on 23 January 2014 and the seat was retained by Labour 's Pat O'Rourke .
2007 Election
2007 North Lanarkshire Council election
References
Wards of North Lanarkshire
Motherwell
Marianelli is an Italian surname . Notable people with the surname include :
Alessandra Marianelli ( born 1986 ) , Italian opera singer
Dario Marianelli ( born 1963 ) , Italian composer
Italian-language surnames
Gloucester is an MBTA Commuter Rail station in Gloucester , Massachusetts . Located off Railroad Avenue and Washington Street in downtown Gloucester , it serves the Rockport branch of the Newburyport/Rockport Line . The station consists of a single side platform serving the line 's single track . The station has a mini-high platform , making it accessible .
History
Eastern Railroad and B & M
The Eastern Railroad built their Gloucester Branch in 1847 , reaching Gloucester on December 1 . The station was located in downtown Gloucester , at the intersection of Railroad and Maplewood Avenues . Gloucester was the end of the line until November 4 , 1861 , when the Rockport Railroad extended the branch to Rockport station . Due to the new curve heading to Rockport , a new station was built to the west near Washington Street . The old depot , now on a short spur , was still used for freight service for several decades to come .
Initially , Rockport trains were operated by the Eastern Railroad and met Eastern mainline trains at Beverly . In 1864 , trains began to be through-routed to Boston to increase frequencies on the inner part of the trunk line . The Eastern Railroad bought the Rockport Railroad in 1868 , but the branch is still known as the Gloucester Branch . By the 1870s , regular commuter service was available . The Eastern was leased by the Boston and Maine Railroad in 1885 and merged into it in 1890 . In 1911 , the branch was doubled-tracked to Gloucester . ( Today , the double track ends west of the station ) . Commuter service continued in the same fashion for decades , with 13 inbound round trips in 1906 , 14 trips in 1950 , and 11 trips in 1962 .
MBTA era
Gloucester has seen nearly continuous service to Boston since 1848 , with only 2 interruptions . When the newly formed MBTA began funding commuter rail service in 1965 , communities outside the funding district were left to pay for trains to continue stopping . Gloucester and neighboring Rockport initially declined to subsidize service . Service past Manchester was discontinued on January 28 , 1965 , along with the outer sections of the Fitchburg Line and Central Mass Branch . The MBTA rushed to reach subsidy agreements with out-of-district towns , and after negotiations service was to resume on June 6 . After a lawsuit in which the Eastern Massachusetts Street Railway challenged the right of the MBTA to provide out-of-district service , Rockport service resumed on June 28 , 1965 .
The MBTA bought most B & M commuter assets , including the Gloucester Branch , on December 27 , 1976 . The station building was gone by that time , with a gas station in its place . On January 20 , 1984 , the North Station approach trestles were destroyed by a fire . Gloucester Branch trains were terminated at a temporary station near Sullivan or bussed from Lynn . On November 16 , 1984 , the Beverly Draw bridge connecting Salem to Beverly burned , cutting the Rockport Branch and the Ipswich Line from the rest of the system . ( All lines running north and west of Newburyport were abandoned by 1984 , leaving no route to move equipment to the rest of the northside . ) A shuttle train was run from Rockport to Beverly Depot until January 7 , 1985 , when it was replaced by bus service . The locomotives used were then trucked to Danvers so they could be repaired at the MBTA 's main maintenance facility . A new bridge opened on December 1 , 1985 , reconnecting Gloucester to the larger system .
On June 3 , 2004 , the MBTA board approved a renovation of the station , including new parking spaces , lighting , and signage , as well as a `` mini-high '' platform for handicapped accessibility . The $ 3.4 million rebuilt station was opened in September 2005 .
On April 29 , 2020 , service between West Gloucester and Rockport was indefinitely replaced by buses due to a failure of the old bridge . That June , the MBTA indicated the closure would continue until the completion of the bridge replacement . Regular service to Rockport over the bridge resumed on May 23 , 2022 .
References
External links
MBTA - Gloucester
Station from Railroad Avenue from Google Maps Street View
Buildings and structures in Gloucester , Massachusetts
MBTA Commuter Rail stations in Essex County , Massachusetts
Stations along Boston and Maine Railroad lines
Railway stations in the United States opened in 1847
Sail and Storm is written by Hanna Mina and was published by The House of Arts ( Dar- Al-Adab ) . This novel is listed as one of the by the Arab Writers Union , notably in 14th place . The novel was translated into Russian by Vladimir Shagal .
Plot
Sail and Storm is the story of a coastal Syrian city during WWII , in which the author depicted the impact of the war and the storms it left in a country occupied by the French , highlighting the contradictions that preyed on a heterogeneous society , but first and foremost , the story of seamen , the story of victory over nature , and the story of human will and adventure . The sea is not addressed in the Arabic novel without mentioning Hanna Minh , as if they are twins , which in fact they are , emanating from the Syrian coast 's womb to crystallize eternal literature together through time .
Film
The director Ghassan Shmeit wrote and directed the screenplay , which was co-produced by the State Foundation for Film Production and the Cannes Film and Television Production Festival .
References
Syrian novels
Arabic-language novels
2006 novels
Saga is an annual musical festival organized by Royal College Colombo . The first SAGA was held in 2004 and since then has become an important event on Colombo 's cultural calendar . It is named after the ancient Greek epic poems the Odyssey and the Iliad attributed to Homer . In the aspect of oriental music the term referred to the oriental version of sing musical scales as ‘ Sa ' refers to the oriental equivalent of the 1st degree- “ Do ” while “ Ga ” refers to the equivalent of the 3rd degree , or “ Me ”
History
For many years before Saga , an annual concert performed by the Royal College Hostel named Miyasi Meerawaya . Miyasi Meerawaya was limited to hostelers , however Upali Gunasekara , the newly appointed Principal of Royal College Colombo wished to broaden the scope for every one to perform . As a result , Saga I was organized in 2004 with the leadership of Principal Upali Gunasekara and Music Teacher Ashoka Pushpakumara . The project was joined by the School Development Society of the College which was in the process of developing a fundraising event to help development projects within the school . With it the two projects merged becoming one of the largest national events . Over the years dance and drama were added to the event .
Saga V , held in 2009 suffered a major set back as it was cancelled mid-show , in the wake of LTTE air raid on Colombo . Proving to be a defining moment , for the first time in Sri Lanka history an event cancelled due to a public emergency was held again as Saga V Plus to much praise and critical acclaim .
The following year , Saga VI held special meaning for the school , as it was held on the eve of Royal College 's 175th Anniversary in 2010 . The event was held at Navarangahala within the school with a theme that showcased changes in music that had taken place from 1835–2010 .
Saga VII , became the first musical event organized by a school to be held at the newly built Nelum Pokuna Mahinda Rajapaksa Theatre .
Venues
Bandaranaike Memorial International Conference Hall
Navarangahala
Nelum Pokuna Mahinda Rajapaksa Theatre
Sugathadasa Indoor Stadium
References
External links
Official site
Royal College , Colombo
Music festivals in Sri Lanka
Platania is a comune and town in the province of Catanzaro in the western part of the Calabria region of Italy .
Bounding communes
Conflenti
Decollatura
Lamezia Terme
Serrastretta
Population history
The population grew until the 1950s except for between the censuses of 1901 and 1911 , the commune was to be rocked by emigration as the population fell over half since the 1950s census . Emigration was very large between the 1950s and the 1970s .
References
Cities and towns in Calabria
is a Japanese footballer currently playing as a forward or a winger for Vissel Kobe .
Career statistics
Club
References
External links
2001 births
Living people
Japanese footballers
Japan youth international footballers
Association football midfielders
J1 League players
Vissel Kobe players
Fairview is an unincorporated community in Cotton Township , Switzerland County , in the U.S. state of Indiana .
History
An old variant name of the community was called Sugar Branch . A post office was established under this name in 1835 , was renamed to Fairview in 1911 , and operated until it was discontinued in 1935 .
Geography
Fairview is located at .
References
Unincorporated communities in Switzerland County , Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
Lenko Grčić ( 26 March 1925 – 10 August 1999 ) was a Croatian footballer and coach .
Playing career
Born in Split , Grčić began his football career in 1940 with the juniors of RNK Split , where he continued to play until 1946 . In 1946 he joined the Army and for three years was a regular for JRV Naša Krila based in Zemun , playing over 300 games for the club . In June 1950 after the 1949–1950 season , the club was dissolved and Grčić joined Hajduk Split and played for the club until 1956 .
Managerial career
Grčić coached Croatian side Hajduk Split in 1963 and the Iraqi national side between 1976 and 1978 .
References
1925 births
1999 deaths
Sportspeople from Split , Croatia
Association footballers not categorized by position
Yugoslav footballers
FK Naša Krila Zemun players
HNK Hajduk Split players
Yugoslav First League players
Yugoslav football managers
HNK Hajduk Split managers
ES Métlaoui managers
RNK Split managers
Iraq national football team managers
1976 AFC Asian Cup managers
Yugoslav expatriate football managers
Expatriate football managers in Tunisia
Yugoslav expatriate sportspeople in Tunisia
Expatriate football managers in Iraq
Yugoslav expatriate sportspeople in Iraq
Burials at Lovrinac Cemetery
Avonburg is an unincorporated community in Pleasant Township , Switzerland County , in the U.S. state of Indiana .
History
An old variant name of the community was called Soapville .
Geography
Avonburg is located at .
References
Unincorporated communities in Switzerland County , Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
Oikos is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research in the field of ecology . It is published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Nordic Foundation Oikos . Since 2011 , the editor-in-chief has been Dries Bonte of Ghent University .
History
The journal was established in 1949 as Oikos : Acta Oecologica Scandinavica , together with the Nordic Foundation Oikos , to provide a vehicle for publishing in the growing field of ecology . The journal content would have no preference with regard to taxonomic group . In the 1970s the scope was narrowed to studies with relevance to the progress of theory in ecology .
From 1949 to 1977 , the journal appeared in one volume of three issues per year . From 1977 to 1987 , two volumes per year were produced , and three volumes from 1987 . In addition , from 1949–1975 , a number of supplements were published at irregular intervals .
Since 2007 , the Oikos subject editors make nominations for the annual Per Brinck Oikos Award given to a world-leading ecologist .
2008 - Hal Caswell
2009 - John Norton Thompson
2010 - Hanna Kokko
2011 - Michel Loreu
2012 - Tim Coulson
2013 - Sharon Strauss
2014 - Robert D. Holt
Editors-in-chief
The following persons have been editors-in-chief :
2011–present Dries Bonte , Ghent University
2010–2011 Tim Benton , Leeds
2004–2010 Per Lundberg , Lund
1989–2004 Nils Malmer , Lund
1965–1989 Per Brinck , Lund
1949–1965 Christian Overgaard Nielsen , Copenhagen
External links
Nordic Foundation Oikos
Ecology journals
Publications established in 1949
Monthly journals
Wiley-Blackwell academic journals
English-language journals
Nice Nature ( Japanese : ナイスネイチャ , April 16 , 1988 – ) was a Japanese thoroughbred racehorse . From his debut in 1990 to his retirement in 1996 , Nice Nature had a record of 41 starts and 7 wins , including 4 major wins . With a long GI racing career and often placing third , Nice Nature gained popularity as the `` Bronze Collector '' . Nice Nature consecutively placed third in the 1991 , 1992 , and 1993 Arima Kinen . As of April 2021 , Nice Nature is the oldest living stallion to have a JRA major win .
Background
Nice Nature was born in 1988 at the Watanabe Ranch in Urakawa , Hokkaido . His sire , Nice Dancer , had six major wins in Canada , and his dam , Urakawa Miyuki , had three wins , including the 1984 open of what would become the Tulip Sho . Nice Nature 's to-be owner Toyoshima Masao made a deposit at Watanabe Ranch . According to the owner of the ranch Watanabe Kazuma , Nice Nature was average as a foal , nor did he stand out in the training ranch . However , Watanabe vaguely alluded that he felt that Nice Nature might be just as good as Nice Nice Nice , also out of Nice Dancer and the winner of the 1989 Kisaragi Sho and 1990 Kyōto Kinen . Nice Nature 's to-be trainer Matsunaga Yoshiharu quickly embraced the impression of a `` good horse '' , saying that he felt that things were moving in a `` good direction '' as he looked at Nice Nature 's growth .
After reaching the racing age of three years in 1990 , Nice Nature transferred to the Rittō Training Center in Rittō , Shiga under Matsunaga . After Nice Nature 's older sister suffered a career ending injury , Nice Nature was trained cautiously and debuted relatively late in December .
Racing career
Major Racing Wins
Kokura Kinen ( 1991 )
Kyoto Shimbun Hai ( 1991 )
Naruo Kinen ( 1991 )
Takamatsunomiya Kinen ( 1994 )
Honours
Stud career
Nice Nature 's descendants include :
c = colt , f = filly , g= gelding
Popular culture
Nice Nature was the inspiration for the character of the same name in the franchise Uma Musume Pretty Derby .
Pedigree
Family No . : F20-c
Inbreeding within 5 generations : None
Retrieved from Nice Nature 's profile on JBIS ( Japan Bloodstock Information Database )
Nice Nature 's dam Urakawa Miyuki passed away in June 2 , 2017 at the age of 36 , making her the longest lived female thoroughbred in Japan to have been properly documented .
Notes
Citations
References
the book on Amazon
Note : No authors were listed on Amazon . The authors listed here are taken from the bibliography section of the Japanese Wikipedia and are presumably the authors of sections in the book .
1988 racehorse births
Racehorses bred in Japan
Racehorses trained in Japan
`` The Other Side of Me '' is a pop song written by Neil Sedaka and Howard Greenfield . Sedaka 's version of the song was released on his 1973 UK album The Tra-La Days Are Over . Donny Osmond also released an album version of the song in 1973 , on Alone Together , and it was the title track of Vince Hill 's 1973 LP .
The song also appears on Shirley Bassey 's 1975 album Good , Bad but Beautiful and Crystal Gayle 's 1979 album Miss the Mississippi . Andy Williams recorded `` The Other Side of Me '' for his 1975 album of the same name ; it was released as single and made the UK charts at # 42 in March 1976 .
Chart history
Andy Williams
References
External links
1973 songs
1976 singles
Songs written by Neil Sedaka
Neil Sedaka songs
Donny Osmond songs
Shirley Bassey songs
Crystal Gayle songs
Andy Williams songs
CBS Records singles
Michael Grant Pote ( born 21 December 1989 ) is a South African cricketer , who currently plays domestic cricket for the Cape Cobras and Western Province as an opening batsman and part-time leg-spinner . Pote made his first-class debut in 2012 for Western Province and was forced to retire hurt on 0 * . Returning from injury , Pote made an almost incredible come back to cricket with scores of 119 , 100 * , 80 , 90 and 122 in successive innings . From that success , Pote was signed up with a semi-pro contract with the Cape Cobras .
External links
Cricinfo
1989 births
Living people
Cricketers from Cape Town
South African cricketers
Western Province cricketers
The following events occurred in December 1934 :
December 1 , 1934 ( Saturday )
The high-ranking Soviet official Sergey Kirov was assassinated in Leningrad . Following the murder , Joseph Stalin would conduct a widespread purge of the Communist Party .
José Luis Tejada Sorzano became the new President of Bolivia .
Navy won the Army–Navy Game 3-0 at a muddy Franklin Field in Philadelphia .
Died : Sergey Kirov , 48 , Russian Bolshevik leader ( assassinated )
December 2 , 1934 ( Sunday )
The newly refurbished Central Park Zoo opened in New York City after ten months of construction . Most of the old wooden structures were replaced by brick buildings .
First public performance by the continental jazz group Quintette du Hot Club de France , at the École Normale de Musique in Paris , led by guitarist Django Reinhardt with violinist Stéphane Grappelli .
Born : Andre Rodgers , baseball player , in Nassau , Bahamas ( d. 2004 )
December 3 , 1934 ( Monday )
In Rome , an accord was reached between Germany and France on some outstanding issues pertaining to the Saar ahead of January 's referendum . Germany pledged to buy the Saar coal mines and guarantee equal rights to its citizens in the event of the region voting to reunify with Germany .
Italian Cyrenaica , the Tripolitania and Fezzan were merged into Italian Libya .
The U.S. Supreme Court decided Hamilton v. Regents of the University of California .
Born : Viktor Gorbatko , cosmonaut , in Ventsy-Zarya , USSR ( d. 2017 )
Died : Charles Ulm , 36 , Australian aviator ( disappeared during flight )
December 4 , 1934 ( Tuesday )
Chiang Kai-shek introduced compulsory labour service in China . The workers were mostly to be used for dikes , canals , roads and reforestation .
Wilhelm Furtwängler resigned as general director of the Berlin State Opera , vice president of the Reichsmusikkammer and director of the Berlin Philharmonic in protest of the Nazi regulation of art .
Akan National Park , Chūbu-Sangaku National Park and Daisetsuzan National Park were established in Japan .
Born : Victor French , actor and director , in Santa Barbara , California ( d. 1989 )
Died : Paul-Albert Besnard , 85 , French painter and printmaker
December 5 , 1934 ( Wednesday )
The Abyssinia Crisis began when Ethiopian troops clashed with Somali Dubats in the service of Italy at the outpost of Welwel . The clash killed about 100 Ethiopians and 30 on the Italian side .
Women in Turkey were given the right to vote .
Actress Jean Harlow sued for divorce from her third husband Harold Rosson , charging many acts of cruelty .
Born : Joan Didion , author , in Sacramento , California ( d , 2021 )
December 6 , 1934 ( Thursday )
The German cruiser was launched .
A team of American baseball stars including Babe Ruth and Lou Gehrig played an exhibition game in Shanghai against a squad of U.S. Marines and missionaries .
Born : Nick Bockwinkel , professional wrestler , in Saint Paul , Minnesota ( d. 2015 )
Died : Charles Michael , Duke of Mecklenburg , 71
December 7 , 1934 ( Friday )
Direct trans-Pacific telephone service was inaugurated between the United States and Japan with the exchange of greetings between U.S. Secretary of State Cordell Hull and Japanese Foreign Minister Kōki Hirota .
Born : Frank País , revolutionary , in Santiago de Cuba , Cuba ( d. 1957 )
December 8 , 1934 ( Saturday )
Weekly air mail service between England and Australia began .
Born : Judi Dench , actress and author , in Heworth , York , England
December 9 , 1934 ( Sunday )
The New York Giants beat the Chicago Bears 30-13 in the NFL Championship Game at the Polo Grounds in New York City .
Born : Junior Wells , blues musician , in either Memphis , Tennessee or West Memphis , Arkansas ( d. 1998 )
December 10 , 1934 ( Monday )
Yugoslavia and Hungary averted war by agreeing to a League of Nations resolution that condemned the October 9 assassination of Alexander of Yugoslavia and asked Hungary to take `` punitive action against any authorities whose culpabilities have been established '' and `` communicate to the council the measures which it takes to this effect . ''
The 1934 Nobel Prizes were awarded in Stockholm . The recipients were Harold Clayton Urey of the United States for Chemistry , George Hoyt Whipple , George Richards Minot and William Parry Murphy of the United States for Physiology or Medicine , and Luigi Pirandello ( Literature ) . The Peace Prize was awarded in Oslo to Arthur Henderson . The Physics Prize was not awarded .
Born : Howard Martin Temin , geneticist , virologist and Nobel laureate , in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ( d. 1994 )
Died : Eleanor Davies-Colley , 60 , British surgeon
December 11 , 1934 ( Tuesday )
Kerns Hotel fire : a fire broke out in a 211-room hotel in Lansing , Michigan , killing 32 people .
American woman Isobel Lillian Steele was released from prison in Nazi Germany after being held for four months on suspicion of espionage . Her case had garnered significant media attention in the United States , and when she returned there she did much to capitalize on her story by writing articles and a book , eventually even playing herself in the 1936 film I Was a Captive in Nazi Germany .
Died : Paul Rougnon , 88 , French composer , pianist and music educator
December 12 , 1934 ( Wednesday )
150 were injured in Liverpool , England when the floor of a school concert hall collapsed .
December 13 , 1934 ( Thursday )
The German cabinet issued twelve new decrees during its final session of the year . Several economic measures were passed as well as one providing a prison term of up to two years for those who `` harm the state , its leaders , or the standing of the National Socialist party and its affiliations . ''
December 14 , 1934 ( Friday )
The British cargo ship Usworth sank in the Atlantic Ocean . Rescue operations were carried out but only nine of the 26 crew survived .
15 were killed and 7 hurt in Berlin when an express train carrying Adolf Hitler and other Nazi leaders struck a bus on a level grade crossing . All the dead and wounded were aboard the bus .
Born : Marilyn Cooper , actress , in New York City ( d. 2009 ) ; Charlie Hodge , musician , in Decatur , Alabama ( d. 2006 )
December 15 , 1934 ( Saturday )
President Roosevelt 's economic security advisory committee approved an unemployment insurance system to be funded by employers through payroll taxes .
Died : Victor Maslin Yeates , 37 , British fighter pilot and author of the novel Winged Victory ( tuberculosis )
December 16 , 1934 ( Sunday )
Benito Mussolini demanded an apology from Abyssinia over the Welwel incident , calling it a `` sudden unprovoked aggression . ''
Parliamentary elections were held in Portugal . The National Union was the only party on the ballot and claimed 100 % of the vote .
The two-day Fascist International Congress opened in Montreux , Switzerland .
December 17 , 1934 ( Monday )
Flooding of the Tiber drove 1,000 residents of Rome from their homes .
Born : Irving Petlin , painter , in Chicago , Illinois ( d. 2018 ) ; Ray Wilson , footballer , in Shirebrook , Derbyshire ( d. 2018 )
Died : Oemar Said Tjokroaminoto , 52 , Indonesian nationalist
December 18 , 1934 ( Tuesday )
The Province of Latina was founded in Italy , consisting mostly of land reclaimed from the draining of the Pontine Marshes .
Born : Boris Volynov , cosmonaut , in Irkutsk , USSR
December 19 , 1934 ( Wednesday )
Japan announced its renunciation of the Washington Naval Treaty after Britain and the United States refused to accord Japan naval parity .
Attempted exclusion of Egon Kisch from Australia : The High Court of Australia found in favour of Egon Kisch and ruled that the dictation test administered to him was invalid because Scottish Gaelic was not a `` European language '' within the meaning of the Immigration Restriction Act .
A lynch mob burned down a courthouse in Shelbyville , Tennessee after learning that the young African-American man they wanted to hang had been transported to another county for his protection . National Guardsmen protecting the man killed 2 during a battle around the courthouse .
Born : Aki Aleong , actor and singer , in Port of Spain , Trinidad and Tobago ; Rudi Carrell , entertainer , in Alkmaar , Netherlands ( d. 2006 ) ; Al Kaline , baseball player , in Baltimore , Maryland ( d. 2020 ) ; Pratibha Patil , 12th President of India , in Nadgaon , British India
December 20 , 1934 ( Thursday )
The engagement of Infante Jaime , Duke of Segovia to the French-Italian noblewoman Emmanuelle de Dampierre was announced .
Nazi Germany established the Treachery Act .
December 21 , 1934 ( Friday )
Despite the ongoing Anglo-Irish Trade War , the British and Irish signed an agreement promoting trade in coal and cattle between the two countries .
1934 – Lieutenant Kijé , one of Sergei Prokofiev 's best-known works , premiered .
Born : Hank Crawford , musician , in Memphis , Tennessee ( d. 2009 )
December 22 , 1934 ( Saturday )
British , Italian , Dutch and Swedish troops entered the Saar to keep the peace during the January 13 referendum .
December 23 , 1934 ( Sunday )
The Soviet Union announced that Grigory Zinoviev and Lev Kamenev were among those arrested in connection with the assassination of Sergey Kirov .
The British adventure film The Scarlet Pimpernel starring Leslie Howard was released .
Died : Chan Siu-bak , 65 , Chinese revolutionary
December 24 , 1934 ( Monday )
Pope Pius XI delivered a Christmas address to the world , saying it was as necessary as ever for mankind to choose Luke 2:14 ( `` on earth peace , good will toward men '' ) as its `` unceasing prayer . '' For those who wanted war , the pope said he had formulated another prayer : `` destroy , O Lord , the people who wish for war . ''
Rudolf Hess gave a Christmas message to Nazi Germany over government-controlled radio , saying `` The world today realizes it is only thanks to Hitler that the peace of Europe was saved in the past year when it was repeatedly endangered . Hitler 's carefulness and the statements he issued lessened international tension and showed him as a statesman of world importance . He is the chancellor of peace . ''
Mussolini ordered General Emilio De Bono to Eritrea to take command of the Italian forces there .
Nazi police arrested and imprisoned an American woman in Waldmohr for remarks she made during a conversation in a restaurant , allegedly saying that Hitler had Jewish blood .
A leading baseball and professional sports club in Japan , Yomiuri Giants of Tokyo was founded .
Born : Stjepan Mesić , Croatian politician , in Orahovica , Yugoslavia
December 25 , 1934 ( Tuesday )
15 died and 40 were hurt in a train collision in Dundas , Ontario , Canada .
The stage comedy Accent on Youth premiered at the Playmouth Theatre on Broadway .
December 26 , 1934 ( Wednesday )
The Montevideo Convention went into effect .
Died : Wallace Thurman , 32 , American novelist ( tuberculosis )
December 27 , 1934 ( Thursday )
At midnight the Saar 's borders were closed until after the January 13 referendum to keep out potential agitators .
Rezā Shāh of Persia requested that his country be henceforth referred to as Iran .
The Frank Capra-directed comedy-drama film Broadway Bill starring Warner Baxter and Myrna Loy was released .
Born : Larisa Latynina , gymnast , in Kherson , Ukrainian SSR , Soviet Union
December 28 , 1934 ( Friday )
The Tongguan-to-Xi'an section of the Longhai Railway opened in China .
The films The Little Minister starring Katharine Hepburn and Bright Eyes starring Shirley Temple were released .
Born : Yujiro Ishihara , actor and singer , in Kobe , Japan ( d. 1987 ) ; Maggie Smith , actress , in Ilford , Essex , England
Died : Lowell Sherman , 49 , American actor and film director
December 29 , 1934 ( Saturday )
George Gershwin performed at the White House for President Roosevelt .
Born : Ed Flanders , actor , in Minneapolis , Minnesota ( d. 1995 )
Died : Leonid Nikolaev , 29 or 30 , Russian assassin of Sergei Kirov ( executed by shooting )
December 30 , 1934 ( Sunday )
About 40 to 50 members of the Mexican paramilitary organization the Red Shirts opened fire on churchgoers leaving Mass in Coyoacán , killing 5 . One of the Red Shirts was beaten to death by an angry crowd to bring the death toll to 6 .
Mussolini wrote a memorandum for Marshal Pietro Badoglio titled `` Directive and Plan of Action to Solve the Abyssinian question . '' `` I decide on this war , the object of which is nothing more than the complete destruction of the Abyssinian army and the total conquest of Abyssinia '' , Mussolini wrote . `` In no other way can we build the empire . ''
Born : John N. Bahcall , astrophysicist , in Shreveport , Louisiana ( d. 2005 ) ; Joseph P. Hoar , U.S. Marine Corps general , in Boston , Massachusetts ; Del Shannon , rock and roll and country musician , in Grand Rapids , Michigan ( d. 1990 ) ; Russ Tamblyn , actor and dancer , in Los Angeles
December 31 , 1934 ( Monday )
Paraguay won another victory in the Chaco War as 1,200 surrounded Bolivians surrendered at Ibibobo .
62 Red Shirts were imprisoned in Mexico over the previous day 's killings .
References
1934
1934-12
1934-12
Mariobezziinae is a subfamily of bee flies in the family Bombyliidae . There are about 10 genera and at least 50 described species in Mariobezziinae .
Genera
These 10 genera belong to the subfamily Mariobezziinae :
Callynthrophora Schiner , 1868 c g
Corsomyza Wiedemann , 1820 c g
Dasypalpus Macquart , 1840 c g
Gnumyia Bezzi , 1921 c g
Hyperusia Bezzi , 1921 c g
Mariobezzia Becker , 1912 c g
Megapalpus Macquart , 1834 c g
Pusilla Paramonov , 1954 c g
Zyxmyia Bowden , 1960 c g
† Paracorsomyza Hennig , 1966
Data sources : i = ITIS , c = Catalogue of Life , g = GBIF , b = Bugguide.net
References
Further reading
Bombyliidae
Angela Ducey ( née Herbert ; born December 5 , 1965 ) is an American businesswoman and philanthropist who is the first lady of Arizona as the wife of governor Doug Ducey .
Angela met her husband at Arizona State University , and is a native Arizonan . She previously worked in sales and management for Gallo Wines , and continued her career in the food service industry working for several large companies , before leaving the workforce to raise her three children . She is the co-owner of a small retail design store in Scottsdale , Arizona .
Since becoming First Lady , Ducey has made the welfare of children and the assistance of charitable organizations a top priority among her duties .
First Lady of Arizona
Angela Ducey succeeded John Brewer , husband of Governor Jan Brewer , in the position of First Spouse on January 5 , 2015 , following the inauguration of her husband , Doug Ducey . Prior to being elected Governor , Doug Ducey had served four years as the State Treasurer of Arizona , and was also a businessman involved with management of the ice cream chain Cold Stone Creamery .
First Lady Ducey is involved with several charitable organizations and has served as a board member of Childhelp Arizona , Catholic Charities Community Services , notMYkid and Mother 's Grace Foundation , and has also been involved with several other charities , such as CarePortal . She is training to become a Court Appointed Special Advocate for Arizona 's foster children .
Personal life
Angela met her husband at Arizona State University in Tempe , and have been married for more than 25 years . They have three sons , Jack , Joe and Sam , and currently reside in Paradise Valley . They are Roman Catholic .
References
External links
Official biography at National Governors Association
Arizona State University alumni
Living people
First Ladies and Gentlemen of Arizona
People from Paradise Valley , Arizona
Arizona Republicans
1965 births
Manuel Delgado may refer to :
Manuel Delgado ( born 1955 ) Spanish water polo player
Manuel Delgado Barreto ( 1879-1936 ) , Spanish journalist
Manuel Delgado Parker ( 1936-2019 ) , Peruvian entrepreneur who founded the media conglomerate Grupo RPP
Manuel Delgado Ruiz ( born 1956 ) , Catalan anthropologist
Manuel Delgado Villegas ( 1943–1998 ) , Spanish serial killer
Manuel Ruben Delgado ( born 1940 ) , Chicano activist and leader of the Third World Liberation Front strikes of 1968
The island council ( ; ) is a form of local government in special municipalities in the Caribbean Netherlands . It is similar to municipal council in the European part of the Netherlands . Currently three island councils exist in :
Bonaire
Saba
Sint Eustatius
The island councils were already in existence as island councils of the Netherlands Antilles until their dissolution and became island councils of the Netherlands after that . Elections of the island council coincide with the elections for the States-Provincial and water boards in the European Netherlands , as well as for each island 's electoral college for the Senate which consists of representatives with the right to elect the Senate together with the representatives of the States-Provincial .
See also
Municipality of the Netherlands
Electoral colleges for the Senate
Island council ( Netherlands Antilles )
References
Caribbean special municipalities of the Netherlands
Government of the Netherlands
nl : Eilandsraad # Eilandsraad in Caribisch Nederland
USS Thaddeus Parker ( DE-369 ) was a in service with the United States Navy from 1944 to 1946 and from 1951 to 1967 . She was scrapped in 1968 .
Namesake
Thaddeus Parker was born on 13 November 1923 in Cross City , Florida . He enlisted in the United States Navy on 27 June 1941 . Upon completion of basic training , he was assigned to the U.S . Naval Hospital , Norfolk , Virginia , as a Hospitalman Apprentice on 30 August . On 31 October 1941 , he was stationed at the Marine Corps Base , Quantico , Virginia , where he served as a hospital corpsman in the U.S . Naval Hospital , and , after 29 March 1942 , in the First Raider Battalion , Fleet Marine Force . He accompanied the Raider Battalion when that unit was ordered to the South Pacific . He was awarded the Navy Cross for heroism while serving as company corpsman during an engagement with enemy Japanese forces on Guadalcanal , Solomon Islands , on the night of 13/4 September 1942 . He was killed in action at New Georgia , Solomon Islands , on 20 July 20 , 1943 . He was posthumously awarded the Purple Heart medal and the Silver Star Medal .
History
The ship 's keel was laid down on 23 May 1944 at Orange , Texas , by Consolidated Steel Corp. and the vessel was launched on 26 August 1944 ; sponsored by Miss Iva Lee Parker . The destroyer escort was commissioned on 25 October 1944 .
World War II
Following shakedown training off Bermuda from 17 November to 16 December and yard work in Boston , Massachusetts , the new destroyer escort got underway on 29 December 1944 for the U.S. West Coast . She transited the Panama Canal on 7 January 1945 and arrived at San Diego , California .
Four days later , Thaddeus Parker headed for Hawaii as the escort for a troopship and reached Pearl Harbor on 26 January . On 5 February , the destroyer escort proceeded to Eniwetok . For the next two months , she escorted ships to Guam and Saipan . On 2 March , Thaddeus Parker departed Eniwetok with three other escorts and twelve troops transports that were loaded with marine replacements for battle casualties on Iwo Jima . She lay off that island for several days before being assigned to screening duties . The escort returned to Eniwetok on 25 March and , the following month , was ordered to Ulithi . On 12 May , she rendezvoused with a troop transport , south of the equator , and escorted it to the Palaus .
Thaddeus Parker was assigned to an antisubmarine screen in the vicinity of Peleliu and served as an air-sea rescue ship in Kossol Roads in the Palaus . She rescued a Marine pilot on 19 May and saved another on 18 July . On 27 June , she shelled enemy installations at the Koror Naval Base . The escort returned to Ulithi on 20 July and was assigned escort duty . She then made two voyages to Okinawa ; the first , escorting a merchant convoy ; the second , with the other ships of Escort Division 86 .
End-of-war activity
Thaddeus Parker was at Okinawa when hostilities with Japan ceased ; and she waited for almost a month before receiving orders on 11 September to proceed to Honshū , Japan . She was a unit of the southern Japan Occupation Forces from 14 September 1945 to 2 January 1946 when she began her return voyage to the United States . She was assigned to the 19th Fleet at San Diego , California , and was placed out of commission , in reserve , on 31 May 1946 .
Cold War and fate
In March 1951 , during the Korean War , Thaddeus Parker was removed from the Reserve Fleet and prepared for activation . She was recommissioned at San Diego on 21 September 1951 . After shakedown training and post-shakedown repairs at the Mare Island Naval Shipyard , the ship returned to San Diego where she operated as a plane guard and participated in antisubmarine operations .
On 14 February , she and other reactivated ships sailed for the east coast to join the Atlantic Fleet . Newport , Rhode Island , was her new homeport . In the spring , she made a cruise to Bermuda and , later , escorted the escort carrier to the Caribbean for training . She then returned to Newport and remained in the Narragansett Bay area until November when she steamed to Guantanamo Bay for refresher training which she interrupted to return home to Newport for Christmas leave . She returned to Guantanamo in January 1953 to complete the training . in April and May , she provided services to the Training Command at Key West , Florida .
In June , the escort made a midshipman cruise to South America , visiting ports in Brazil , Colombia , and the British West Indies . After operations out of Newport , Thaddeus Parker made another midshipman cruise the following year . This one took her to Europe from 11 July to 3 September 1954 and included visits to ports in Scotland and France . The ship then operated along the Atlantic seaboard , from Brazil to Nova Scotia until 11 November 1957 when she was assigned duty as a Naval Reserve Training Ship at New York City .
Thaddeus Parker was activated for Cuban duty , operating off that island from 2 October 1961 to 1 August 1962 , before returning to the Reserve fleet at Port Newark , New Jersey . On 1 September 1967 , Thaddeus Parker was decommissioned for the last time and struck from the Navy list . She was sold on 9 July 1968 to Peck Iron and Metals Co. , Portsmouth , Virginia , and scrapped .
Awards
Thaddeus Parker received one battle star for World War II service .
See also
References
External links
NavSource Online : Destroyer Escort Photo Archive - USS Thaddeus Parker ( DE-369 )
John C. Butler-class destroyer escorts
Ships built in Orange , Texas
1944 ships
World War II frigates and destroyer escorts of the United States
Thomas Francis Hurley ( born August 29 , 1944 ) is an American former ice hockey defenseman and Olympian .
Hurley played with Team USA at the 1968 Winter Olympics held in Grenoble , France . He previously played for the Clarkson Golden Knights at Clarkson University .
References
External links
1944 births
Living people
Ice hockey players from New York ( state )
Ice hockey players at the 1968 Winter Olympics
Olympic ice hockey players of the United States
People from Massena , New York
American men 's ice hockey centers
Clarkson Golden Knights men 's ice hockey players
Richard Pennefather may refer to :
Richard Pennefather ( Australian politician ) ( Richard William Pennefather , 1851–1914 ) , lawyer and politician in Western Australia
Richard Pennefather ( died 1777 ) , Irish MP for Cashel
Richard Pennefather ( died 1831 ) , Irish MP for Cashel
Richard Pennefather ( judge ) ( 1772–1859 ) , Irish judge
Richard Pennefather ( civil servant ) ( 1806–1849 ) , Under-Secretary for Ireland
Richard Pennefather ( auditor general ) ( c.1828–1865 ) , colonial administrator
See also
Richard Pennefather Rothwell , Canadian-American civil , mechanical and mining engineer
Daniel Panizzolo ( born 25 March 1986 ) is a Swiss footballer who plays for Sementina . Previous clubs include Eupen , Locarno , Prato and Genoa .
References
External links
1986 births
Living people
FC Lugano players
Genoa C.F.C . players
A.C. Prato players
K.A.S . Eupen players
FC Locarno players
Belgian First Division B players
Swiss footballers
Swiss expatriates in Belgium
Swiss expatriate sportspeople in Italy
Association football defenders
People from Bellinzona
Sportspeople from Ticino
Llangyfelach railway station served the village of Llangyfelach , in the historical county of Glamorganshire , Wales , from 1923 to 1924 on the Swansea District line .
History
The station was opened on 9 July 1923 by the Great Western Railway . It was a very short-lived station , only being open for 1 year before closing on 22 September 1924 .
References
Disused railway stations in Swansea
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1923
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1924
1923 establishments in Wales
1924 disestablishments in Wales
The present coat of arms of Sarawak is largely based on the second state coat of arms , which was granted on 31 August 1973 .
Current coat of arms of Sarawak
The current coat of arms was established on 31 August 1988 . The shield features a symbolic wing-spread Kenyalang or rhinoceros hornbill with the shield bearing the state flag . The hornbill 's wings have 13 feathers , which represent the states in Malaysia . The Hibiscus represent the Malaysia 's national flower which appears on the right and left sides of the bird 's legs and the hornbill perches a banner bearing the words `` Bersatu , Berusaha , Berbakti '' which means 'Unity , Effort , Service ' .
Past coat of arms
City , district and municipal coat of arms
See also
Flag of Sarawak
Armorial of Malaysia
References
Sarawak
Sarawak
Sarawak
Sarawak
Sarawak
Alpine skiing at the 1992 Winter Paralympics consisted of 48 events , 30 for men and 18 for women .
Medal table
Medal summary
The competition events were :
Downhill : men - women
Super-G : men - women
Giant slalom : men - women
Slalom : men - women
Each event had separate standing , sitting , or visually impaired classifications :
LW2 - standing : single leg amputation above the knee
LW 3 - standing : double leg amputation below the knee , mild cerebral palsy , or equivalent impairment
LW4 - standing : single leg amputation below the knee
LW5/7 - standing : double arm amputation
LW6/8 - standing : single arm amputation
LW9 - standing : amputation or equivalent impairment of one arm and one leg
LW 10 - sitting : paraplegia with no or some upper abdominal function and no functional sitting balance
LW 11 - sitting : paraplegia with fair functional sitting balance
B1 - visually impaired : no functional vision
B2 - visually impaired : up to ca 3-5 % functional vision
B3 - visually impaired : under 10 % functional vision
Men 's events
Women 's events
See also
Alpine skiing at the 1992 Winter Olympics
References
Winter Sport Classification , Canadian Paralympic Committee
1992 Winter Paralympics events
1992
Paralympics
Domenico Balestrieri was an Italian painter from Ascoli Piceno . He was active in the 1460s in Urbino , where he painted in the church of San Rocco . He is not to be confused with the seventeenth-century poet , writer , and philosopher from Milan .
References
People from Ascoli Piceno
15th-century Italian painters
Italian male painters
Italian Renaissance painters
Year of death unknown
Year of birth unknown
The is a railway line in Yamaguchi Prefecture , Japan , operated by the West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) . The line connects Shin-Yamaguchi Station in Yamaguchi and Ube Station in Ube .
Stations
All stations are in Yamaguchi Prefecture .
Rolling stock
105 series 2-car EMUs
123 series single-car EMUs
History
The Ube Light Railway Co. opened the Ube – Ube-Shinkawa section in 1914 , extending the line to Tokonami in 1923 and Ogori ( now Shin-Yamaguchi ) in 1925 . The line was electrified at 1500 VDC in 1929 .
In 1928 the Ube Electric Railway Co. opened a 1 km line from Ube-Shinkawa to Ubeko , with a 2 km branch to the Okinoyama coal mine , both electrified at 1500 VDC .
Both companies merged in 1941 , becoming the Ube Railway Co. which was nationalised in 1943 .
Passenger services to Ubeko ceased in 1952 , and both branches closed in 1961 .
CTC signalling was commissioned in 1983 , and freight services ceased in 1999 .
Wanman driver only operation commenced on the section between and on 1 June 1990 , using 105 and 123 series EMUs . The entire line was switched to driver only operation on 14 March 1992 .
Former connecting lines
Ube station – The Funaki Railway Co. opened a 6 km 762mm gauge line in 1916 . The line was converted to 1067mm gauge in 1922 , and extended 12 km to Kibe in 1926 . The last 8 km closed in 1944 , and the balance of the line in 1961 .
See also
List of railway lines in Japan
References
This article incorporates material from the corresponding article in the Japanese Wikipedia
Rail transport in Yamaguchi Prefecture
Lines of West Japan Railway Company
1067 mm gauge railways in Japan
The 2022–23 UEFA Europa League group stage began on 8 September 2022 and will end on 3 November 2022 . A total of 32 teams compete in the group stage to decide 16 of the 24 places in the knockout phase of the 2022–23 UEFA Europa League .
Bodø/Glimt , Nantes , Union Berlin and Union Saint-Gilloise made their debut appearances in the Europa League group stage . Union Saint-Gilloise made their debut appearance in a UEFA competition group stage .
A total of 23 national associations are represented in the group stage .
Draw
The draw for the group stage was held on 26 August 2022 in Istanbul , Turkey . The 32 teams were drawn into eight groups of four . For the draw , the teams were seeded into four pots , each of eight teams , based on their 2022 UEFA club coefficients . Teams from the same association could not be drawn into the same group . Prior to the draw , UEFA formed pairings of teams from the same association , including those playing in the Europa Conference League group stage ( one pairing for associations with two or three teams , two pairings for associations with four or five teams ) , based on television audiences , where one team was drawn into Groups A–D and another team was drawn into Groups E–H , so that the two teams would have different kick-off times . The following pairings were announced by UEFA after the group stage teams were confirmed ( the second team in a pairing marked by UECL are playing in the Europa Conference League group stage ) :
A Roma and Lazio
B Manchester United and Arsenal
C Red Star Belgrade and Partizan ( UECL )
D Dynamo Kyiv and Dnipro-1 ( UECL )
E Feyenoord and PSV Eindhoven
F Rennes and Monaco
G Real Sociedad and Real Betis
H Malmö FF and Djurgårdens IF ( UECL )
I Midtjylland and Silkeborg ( UECL )
J Bodø/Glimt and Molde ( UECL )
K Union Berlin and SC Freiburg
L Fenerbahçe and Trabzonspor
M Nantes and Nice ( UECL )
N Sturm Graz and Austria Wien ( UECL )
O AEK Larnaca and Omonia
P Zürich and Basel ( UECL )
Teams
Below were the participating teams ( with their 2022 UEFA club coefficients ) , grouped by their seeding pot . They included :
12 teams which entered in this stage
10 winners of the play-off round
6 losers of the Champions League play-off round ( 4 from Champions Path , 2 from League Path )
4 League Path losers of the third qualifying round
Notes
Format
In each group , teams play against each other home-and-away in a round-robin format . The winners of each group will advance to the round of 16 , while the runners-up will advance to the knockout round play-offs . The third-placed teams will be transferred to the Europa Conference League knockout round play-offs , while the fourth-placed teams will be eliminated from European competitions for the season .
Tiebreakers
Teams are ranked according to points ( 3 points for a win , 1 point for a draw , 0 points for a loss ) . If two or more teams are tied on points , the following tiebreaking criteria will be applied , in the order given , to determine the rankings ( see Article 16 Equality of points – group stage , Regulations of the UEFA Europa League ) :
Points in head-to-head matches among the tied teams ;
Goal difference in head-to-head matches among the tied teams ;
Goals scored in head-to-head matches among the tied teams ;
If more than two teams are tied , and after applying all head-to-head criteria above , a subset of teams is still tied , all head-to-head criteria above are reapplied exclusively to this subset of teams ;
Goal difference in all group matches ;
Goals scored in all group matches ;
Away goals scored in all group matches ;
Wins in all group matches ;
Away wins in all group matches ;
Disciplinary points ( direct red card = 3 points ; double yellow card = 3 points ; single yellow card = 1 point ) ;
UEFA club coefficient .
Due to the abolition of the away goals rule , head-to-head away goals are no longer applied as a tiebreaker starting from last season . However , total away goals are still applied as a tiebreaker .
Groups
The fixtures were announced on 27 August 2022 , the day after the draw . The matches are being played on 8 September , 15 September , 6 October , 13 October , 27 October and 3 November 2022 . The scheduled kick-off times are 18:45 and 21:00 CET/CEST .
Times are CET/CEST , as listed by UEFA ( local times , if different , are in parentheses ) .
Group A
Group B
Group C
Group D
Group E
Group F
Group G
Group H
Notes
References
External links
2
2022–23
September 2022 sports events in Europe
October 2022 sports events in Europe
November 2022 sports events in Europe
December 2022 sports events in Europe
Trier-Saarburg ( ; ) is a district in the west of Rhineland-Palatinate , Germany . Neighboring districts are ( from the north and clockwise ) Bitburg-Prüm , Bernkastel-Wittlich , Birkenfeld , Sankt Wendel ( Saarland ) , and Merzig-Wadern ( Saarland ) . To the west it borders Luxembourg . The district-free city Trier is surrounded by the district .
History
The district was created in 1969 by merging the previous districts Trier and Saarburg .
Geography
The main river in the district is the Moselle . The area between its tributaries , the Ruwer and the Saar , is also well known as one of the prime wine regions of Germany .
Museums
Roscheider Hof Open Air Museum , Konz
Fell Exhibition Slate Mine
Air museum , Hermeskeil
Railway and steam engine museum , Hermeskeil
Coat of arms
The coat of arms largely resembles the coat of arms of the Saarburg district . The castle in the middle shows the castle of Saarburg , even though now only the ruins of the castle remains . The red cross is the cross of Trier , as a large part of the Saarburg district ( as well as of the new Trier-Saarburg district ) historically belonged to the state of Trier . The blue bars were added after the merging with the Trier district , and symbolize that part of that district historically belonged to Luxembourg .
Verbandsgemeinden
The district is divided into six Verbandsgemeinden . The list contains the coats of arms , the names , the district areas , exemplarily the population figures from 1950 as well as the current population figures :
Towns and municipalities
Four towns and 100 municipalities make up the district in southwestern Germany . The list contains the coats of arms , the names , the district areas , exemplarily the population figures from 1950 as well as the current population figures :
References
External links
Districts of Rhineland-Palatinate
Frode Øverli ( born August 15 , 1968 in Bergen , Norway ) is a Norwegian comic strip cartoonist , considered one of the most successful in Scandinavia .
Biography
He began his career in 1984 when his parodies of The Phantom became a regular feature in the Norwegian publication of the Phantom serial comic book . At that time , Frode was still a student , but dedicated much of his time to writing .
Two years later , he was a regular cartoonist for the recently launched humour magazine Pyton , notable for its gratuitous toilet humour . In the beginning he illustrated stories written by authors Dag E. Kolstad , John Kåre Raake , and later Bjørn Ousland . However , he eventually resigned to write his own material , as it was limited what the others could write for him . The best known comic strips from his Pyton period are Deep Shit Junkies , a comic about a heavy metal band , and Birger-Egil , about a pair of siamese twins with completely different personalities .
In 1997 he decided to start working on his own , and eventually split with Pyton . He created a strip first titled A-laget , about three soccer supporters , but the concept evolved into what became the strip Pondus , one of Scandinavia 's most successful comic strips of all time . Along with Pondus , he also created two other comics series , Riskhospitalet ( The Risk Hospital - a wordplay on the name of prominent Norwegian hospital , Rikshospitalet ( National Hospital ) ) , but Øverli discontinued this series when Pondus gained unexpected popularity . In 2000 he began creating the single panel cartoon Rutetid ( a pun on `` transportation schedule '' and `` time for a panel '' ) , published in Pondus and other publications .
Øverli is a cartoonist , considered one of the most successful in Scandinavia . He has received the Norwegian Sproing Award twice ; in 1998 following the first Pondus album , Alt for Norge ( All for Norway , named after Harald V 's royal motto ) and in 2003 for the Pondus Christmas album Pondus Julespesial . In 2006 he received the prestigious Swedish Adamson Award .
In addition to his cartoon work , Øverli has provided illustrations for several books .
He currently lives on the Norwegian west-coast island Askøy .
Bibliography
Comic strips
Norwegian volumes
French volumes
Awards
1998 : Sproing Award , for Pondus , Alt for Norge
2003 : Sproing Award , for Pondus , Julespesial
2006 : Adamson Award , for Pondus
Sources
Frode Øverli and Pondus dossier Avistegnernes hus
Footnotes
External links
Frode Øverli biography on Lambiek Comiclopedia
Pondus official site
1968 births
Living people
Norwegian cartoonists
Norwegian comics artists
Norwegian comics writers
Artists from Bergen
Norwegian illustrators
Writers from Bergen
Vere Vazhi Ille ( ) is a 2015 Malaysian Tamil language horror comedy and the first zombie film in Tamil , written and directed by M.S . Prem Nath . It stars Denes Kumar in the lead role with Jasmine Michael . The film was released on 2 Jul 2015 in Malaysia and Singapore .
Then , the sequel of this movie , Mr. Peyii was released on 9 December 2021 .
Plot
Surya is an easygoing laidback guy who constantly switches jobs . One day , he accepts a job from his former employer at a security agency , who offers him RM3,000 for a 2-day and 1-night job as security guard at a soon-to-be shut down shopping complex building . Maniam , the former Head of Security , gives Surya a tour in the building and tells him that the most suspicious and dangerous place he should avoid is the sixth floor , which is currently rented by a religious yoga group led by ` Swamiji ` ( priest ) . They are up to no good as they plan to summon and trap spirits in dead bodies so that they can control them . When the door to the spirit world is opened , dozens are possessed and turned into flesh eating Zombies . The only way to stop the Zombies is to get the Black Magic Book located on the sixth floor .
Cast
Denes Kumar
Jasmine Michael
Sai Prashanth
Janani Balu
Magendran `` Vikadakavi '' Raman
Prakash
Alvin Martin
Thinagaran ( Thiran )
Kristina Vinokree ,
Farah Hanim
Soundtrack
The soundtrack composed by Daddy Shaq
See also
Malaysian Tamil cinema
References
External links
2015 films
2015 comedy horror films
Malaysian comedy horror films
2010s Tamil-language films
Tamil-language Malaysian films
Tamil diaspora in Malaysia
Zombie comedy films
Davis McKee Wendzel ( born May 23 , 1997 ) is an American professional baseball infielder in the Texas Rangers organization . He played college baseball for the Baylor Bears .
Amateur career
Wendzel attended JSerra Catholic High School in San Juan Capistrano , California . Unselected in the 2016 Major League Baseball draft , he enrolled at Baylor University to play college baseball for the Baylor Bears .
In 2017 , Wendzel 's freshman year at Baylor , he appeared in fifty games ( 47 being starts ) , hitting .301 with eight home runs and thirty RBIs , earning a spot on the Big 12 All-Freshman Team . As a sophomore in 2018 , he started 58 games and batted .310 with eight home runs and 49 RBIs . After the season , he was selected by the Boston Red Sox in the 37th round of the 2018 MLB draft , but did not sign . He played in the Cape Cod Baseball League for the Hyannis Harbor Hawks that summer . In 2019 , his junior season , he hit .367 with eight home runs , 42 RBIs , and 11 stolen bases in 46 games and was named the 2019 Big 12 Co-Player of the Year ( along with Texas Tech 's Josh Jung ) .
Professional career
Wendzel was selected by the Texas Rangers in the Competitive Balance Round A , with the 41st overall pick , of the 2019 Major League Baseball draft . On July 3 , 2019 , Wendzel signed with the Rangers for a $ 1.6 million signing bonus . After signing , Wendzel sat out of game action while rehabbing a thumb injury that he suffered in June while playing for Baylor . On August 22 , he was assigned to the Arizona League Rangers of the Rookie-level Arizona League and made his professional debut . On August 30 , Wendzel and the AZL Rangers won the 2019 Arizona League championship . Wendzel finished the 2019 season with the Spokane Indians of the Class A Short Season Northwest League . Over seven games between the two teams , he batted .316 with one home run .
Wendzel did not play a minor league game in 2020 due to the cancellation of the minor league season caused by the COVID-19 pandemic . To begin the 2021 season , he was assigned to the Frisco RoughRiders of the Double-A Central . On May 27 , he was placed the injured list with a hamate bone fracture , and was activated in mid-August . After the end of Frisco 's season in mid-September , he was promoted to the Round Rock Express of the Triple-A West . Between 63 games played with Frisco , Round Rock , and Arizona Complex League Rangers , Wendzel hit a combined .238/.346/.399/.745 with eight home runs and 32 RBIs . Wendzel spent the 2022 season back with Round Rock but missed a brief period due to injury . Over 83 games , he slashed .212/.293/.407 with 17 home runs and 51 RBIs .
References
External links
Baylor Bears bio
1997 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Irvine , California
Baseball players from California
Baseball third basemen
Baylor Bears baseball players
Hyannis Harbor Hawks players
Arizona League Rangers players
Arizona Complex League Rangers players
Spokane Indians players
Frisco RoughRiders players
Round Rock Express players
The Fondation Napoléon is a foundation , registered as a French non-profit organization ( reconnue d'utilité publique ) on November 12 , 1987 . It 's mission is to encourage and support study and interest in the history of the First and Second French Empires , and to support the preservation of Napoleonic Heritage .
Mission and activities
The Fondation Napoléon supports research on the history of the two French Empires , most notably by awarding annually six research grants for French-language and non-French-language PhD candidates . It also awards annual History Prizes
for works of excellence whose subject is closely related to the two French Empires ( in French and other European languages ) . The Fondation also supports the organisation of academic conferences , Napoleonic bicentenary and sesqui-centenary commemorations , Napoleonic book publication and Napoleonic exhibition catalogues .
Save Longwood , Napoleon 's House on St Helena
In December 2010 , the Fondation launched an international appeal to save Napoleon 's house on the island of St Helena . The funds collected were to be used to pay for the restoration of the buildings in which Napoleon and his entourage lived in exile on St Helena from 1815 to 1821 . The appeal is supported by the French Ministry of Foreign Affairs .
Opposition to the removal of the Statue of Napoleon in Rouen
In September 2020 , the mayor of Rouen , Nicolas Mayer-Rossignol ( Socialist ) , wished to replace the statue of Napoleon with a statue or work of art dedicated to the recently deceased feminist Gisèle Halimi . The plans were strongly opposed by the leader of the city 's opposition , Jean-François Bures . Historian Thierry Lentz , director of the Fondation Napoléon , called the plans `` cancel culture '' and argued that Napoleon was a benefactor of Rouen , making him more locally relevant than Halimi . In December 2021 , a survey of 4,080 residents found that 68 % wanted the statue to remain , and the city council said it would respect the result . Later in December 2021 , the statue was registered as a monument historique .
Publication of the General Correspondence of Napoleon Bonaparte
In 2002 , the Fondation launched its grand project to publish the most complete version ever of the General Correspondence of Napoleon I ( fifteen volumes completed by 2018 ) . This project is in partnership with the French Archives nationales , the French Archives du Ministère des Affaires étrangères , and with the support of the Fondation La Poste . The end result will be the publication of fourteen volumes and more than 40,000 letters , all with commentary and checked as much as possible against originals in public and private collections . Volume 8 , containing letters for the year 1808 and the war in Spain , was published in November 2011 by Editions Fayard .
Libraries , web sites and e-review
Libraries
The Napoleonic Digital Library ( online since 2010 ) - downloadable e-texts ( books , offprints , etc . )
The Fondation Napoléon 's library , the Bibliothèque Martial-Lapeyre / Fondation Napoléon , open to the general public .
Websites
napoleon.org ( founded in 1996 ) , provides the general public with accurate details on the history of the First and Second Empires ( articles , close-ups , biographies , image database ... ) and a Magazine ( Just published , Interviews , What 's on ... ) . This site is entirely bi-lingual ( English/French ) and updated daily . The Bibliothèque Martial-Lapeyre library catalogue can be accessed from this site . A weekly news bulletin keeps readers up to date .
napoleonica.org , founded in 1999 , hosts digitised archival documents related to the history of France 's First Empire : Archives of the French Conseil d'État ( Council of State ) , Correspondence of Vivant Denon ( first director of the Louvre Museum ) , documents related to the Proclamation of the First Empire , etc .
E-review
Napoleonica La Revue ( founded in 2008 ) is a bi-lingual international peer-review periodical of articles on the two Napoleonic empires . It is hosted by Cairn.info
Art and historical memorabilia collection
The Fondation Napoléon organises exhibitions of its collection of fine art and historical memorabilia , etc . ( Exhibitions includes Paris ( 2004 ) , São Paulo , ( 2003 ) Brazil , Monterrey Mexico ( 2005 ) , Minden ( 2006 ) Germany ) and loans items from the collection to prestigious exhibition worldwide . For details , see the Press packs .
Notes and references
External links
Napoleonica.org , the Fondation Napoléon 's website of Napoleonic historical archival material
Website of the history society , the Souvenir Napoléonien
Historical societies of France
Non-profit organizations based in France
Organizations established in 1987
The following is a comparison of the features of notable shopping cart software packages available . Some such shopping cart software is extensible through third-party software components and applications . As such , the features listed below may not encompass all possible features for a given software package . The software listed here is but a fraction of all such packages on the market .
General information
Basic information about the shopping carts including creator , software license and framework , and updates .
Systems listed on a light purple background are no longer in active development .
Data storage
Information about what data storage system can be used .
General features
Information about the features the shopping carts offer .
Customer features
Information about the features the shopping carts offer .
Customer reward features
Information about the features the shopping carts offer .
Administration area features
Information about the features the shopping carts offer .
Search engine optimization features
Information about the features the shopping carts offer .
Security features
Information about the features the shopping carts offer .
Other features
Information about the features the shopping carts offer .
Payment gateway support
Information about which payment gateways are supported .
Alternative checkout support
Information about which alternative checkouts are supported .
Real-time shipping calculation
Information about if shopping carts have real-time shipping calculation built-in to allow calculating how much it will cost to ship an order in real time when the customer checks out an order .
Shipment booking integration
Information about if shopping carts have shipment booking integration to allow staff to be able to book shipments for a number of orders at once via the control panel .
Shipment tracking integration
Information about if shopping carts have shipment tracking integration to show the customers the tracking information on the `` View order '' pages .
See also
E-commerce
Online shopping
Types of E-commerce
References
Software comparisons
E-commerce software
Kamenca nad Ložicami ( ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Kanal ob Soči in western Slovenia . Until 2006 , the area was part of the settlement of Anhovo . The settlement is part of the traditional region of the Slovenian Littoral and is included in the Gorizia Statistical Region .
References
External links
Kamenca nad Ložicami at Geopedia
Populated places in the Municipality of Kanal
2006 establishments in Slovenia
John Doukas ( , – before 1137 ) was a member of the Doukas family , a relative of Byzantine emperor Alexios I Komnenos ( ) and a senior military figure of his reign . As governor of Dyrrhachium , he secured the imperial possessions in the western Balkans against the Serbs . Appointed megas doux , he scoured the Aegean of the fleets of the Turkish emir Tzachas , suppressed rebellions in Crete and Cyprus , and then recovered much of the western coast of Anatolia for Byzantium .
Biography
Early life
John Doukas was born , the second son of the domestikos ton scholon Andronikos Doukas , son of the Caesar John Doukas , and his wife , Maria of Bulgaria , the granddaughter of Ivan Vladislav ( ) , the last ruler of the First Bulgarian Empire . John was thus the brother-in-law of Alexios I Komnenos , who had married his sister Irene Doukaina . In 1074 , during the rebellion of the Norman mercenary Roussel de Bailleul , John , along with his elder brother Michael , was at his grandfather the Caesar '' 's estates in Bithynia . Roussel demanded that the Caesar give up the two as hostages in return for releasing their wounded father , whom he held captive . The elder Doukas agreed , and the two were imprisoned by Roussel ; Michael managed to escape , but the younger John remained with Roussel until the latter 's defeat and capture by the Turks of Artuk later in the year .
After his father died in 1077 , John remained in his grandfather 's estates in Thrace , and was raised by him . It was there that he learned of the rebellion of Alexios Komnenos against Nikephoros III Botaneiates ( ) in 1081 , and it was he who informed the Caesar of it . Together , they departed and joined Alexios 's forces at Schiza , where the latter was officially proclaimed emperor .
Governor of Dyrrhachium
In 1085 , when Alexios recovered the strategically important Adriatic port city of Dyrrhachium from the Italo-Normans who had occupied it , John Doukas was installed as the military governor ( doux ) of the local province . John remained there until 1092 , when he was replaced by John Komnenos , the son of the emperor 's brother , the sebastokrator Isaac . His tenure was apparently very successful . John repelled the Serbian incursions from Duklja and inner Serbia , and even , according to Anna Komnene , captured the Dukljan king Constantine Bodin ( ) , before restoring him to power as a client of the Byzantine Empire . Thus John managed to restore order in the region of Albania and Dalmatia , which had suffered greatly during the Byzantine–Norman wars of the previous years . Surviving correspondence from the archbishop Theophylact of Ohrid is a testimony to his success ; after John 's departure from the post , Theophylact expressed nostalgia for the time of his governorship and asked for his advice .
Appointment as megas doux and campaigns against the Turks
After being recalled to Constantinople in 1092 , John was appointed to the post of megas doux , i.e . commander-in-chief of the Byzantine navy . Although he is the first known megas doux and hence usually credited as the first to hold the post , there is evidence of its existence already in late 1085 , although its holder is not named . As megas doux , John was tasked with countering the naval threat posed by the Turkish emir Tzachas of Smyrna . Tzachas , formerly a Byzantine vassal , had built a fleet of his own and had seized several Aegean islands , raided others , and even had himself proclaimed basileus ( emperor ) . John set forth to take back the island of Lesbos . His troops marched along the Anatolian coast to the point opposite the island , whence they crossed over . The fleet , which under Constantine Dalassenos had already recovered Chios , was to meet him there . The combined Byzantine force laid siege to the capital of Lesbos , Mytilene , for three months , when Tzachas offered to cede the island in exchange for safe passage back to Smyrna . John agreed , but as the Turks set sail , Dalassenos , who with his ships had just arrived , attacked them . Tzachas managed to escape , but most of his fleet was captured or sunk . After this victory , John Doukas reinforced the defences of Mytilene and then led his fleet to recover the islands Tzachas had conquered , before returning to Constantinople .
Upon his return to Constantinople , he was tasked ( late 1092/early 1093 ) , along with Manuel Boutoumites , with the suppression of the revolts in Crete by Karykes and in Cyprus by Rhapsomates . The rebellion of Karykes was subdued easily , as the news of the imperial fleet 's approach caused a counter-coup that overthrew him . At Cyprus , Rhapsomates 's initial resistance was overcome , and he himself was captured soon after . Eumathios Philokales was installed as the island 's new governor , and the fleet returned to Constantinople . In 1094 , he participated in the Council of Blachernae that condemned Leo of Chalcedon .
In 1097 , after the surrender of Nicaea to the Byzantines , Alexios named John as commander-in-chief of the Byzantine army in Anatolia , and tasked with recovering the Aegean littoral from the Turks . To avoid conflict and facilitate negotiations , he was given custody of the wife of the Seljuk sultan of Rûm Kilij Arslan I ( ) and the daughter of Tzachas , who had been captured at Nicaea . John gave command of the fleet to Kaspax , and marched against Smyrna . After a short siege , Tzachas agreed to surrender the city in exchange for his safe departure and guarantees of the inhabitants ' safety . The megas doux readily accepted and took possession of the city , naming Kaspax as its governor . Even before Kaspax could assume his duties however , he was murdered by a Muslim , and the enraged sailors of the fleet massacred the people of the city . John Doukas was unable to restrain them , and restored order only after the massacre had run its course . He then left the experienced general Hyaleas behind as doux of the city along with the entire fleet to secure the city , and continued his campaign . From Smyrna , John marched south to Ephesus . There , he defeated the Turkish garrison after a long battle , and took 2,000 captives , who were resettled in the Aegean islands . Petzeas was installed as doux of Ephesus , and John with his army turned inland . He took the cities of Sardeis and Philadelphia , which he entrusted to Michael Kekaumenos , and reached Laodicea , which opened its gates to him . From there , he marched to the fortresses of Choma and Lampe , installing Eustathios Kamytzes as governor , and reached Polybotos , where most of the Turks who had survived at Ephesus had fled . Having caught them by surprise , Doukas 's army defeated them and took much booty .
Later life
John Doukas is not mentioned in the Alexiad after his 1097 campaign . It is , however , known from monastic documents that at some point he retired to a monastery and assumed the monastic name Antony . The date of his death is also not known , but in a typikon dated to 1110–1116 he is mentioned as being alive , while in another typikon '' of 1136 , he is explicitly mentioned as having died .
References
Sources
1060s births
12th-century deaths
11th-century Byzantine military personnel
12th-century Byzantine military personnel
Megaloi doukes
Byzantine governors of Dyrrhachium
Byzantine generals
Christians of the First Crusade
John
Komnenos dynasty
John
Generals of Alexios I Komnenos
Eastern Orthodox monks
Byzantine people of the Byzantine–Seljuk wars
Medieval Aegean Sea
The Roman Catholic Church in the Central African Republic consists only of a Latin hierarchy , joint in the national Episcopal Conference of the Central African Republic , comprising a single ecclesiastical province , composed of the Metropolitan Archdiocese and eight suffragan dioceses .
There are no Eastern Catholic , pre-diocesan or other exempt jurisdictions .
There are no titular sees . All defunct jurisdictions have current successor sees ;
There is an Apostolic Nunciature to the Central African Republic , as papal diplomatic representation ( embassy-level ) , in national capital Bangui .
Current Latin dioceses
Ecclesiastical Province of Bangui
Metropolitan Archdiocese of Bangui
Roman Catholic Diocese of Alindao
Roman Catholic Diocese of Bambari
Roman Catholic Diocese of Bangassou
Roman Catholic Diocese of Berbérati
Roman Catholic Diocese of Bossangoa
Roman Catholic Diocese of Bouar
Roman Catholic Diocese of Kaga-Bandoro
Roman Catholic Diocese of Mbaïki
See also
List of Catholic dioceses ( structured view )
Sources and external links
GCatholic.org - data for all sections .
Catholic-Hierarchy entry .
Central African Republic
Catholic dioceses
Neuville-sur-Oise ( ) is a commune in the Val-d'Oise department , in the northwest suburbs of Paris , France . It is located in the `` new town '' of Cergy-Pontoise , created in the 1960s .
Neuville-sur-Oise is a rather anonymous village between Jouy-le-Moutier and Cergy inside the last meander of the river Oise . Forty years after the creation of Cergy-Pontoise , the village has retained its bucolic atmosphere and there has been little construction of large scale residential developments .
In the 17th century , Charles de la Grange unites the villages of Ham ( Cergy ) , the Sergentery of Neuville-sur-Oise and the Barony of Conflans . The Baron of Conflans , councillor to the king , Lord of Neuville and Ham built the castle of Neuville .
In 1995 was opened the university of Cergy-Neuville on the site of an old cottage near the D203 , a station was also built to serve both the village and the university .
Public transport
Since 1995 , Neuville-sur-Oise is served by the Neuville-Université station on the RER line A line . As well as rail , Neuville is served by two bus lines ; 48 and 34S linking Neuville to Cergy , Pontoise and Jouy-le-Moutier .
Château de Neuville
Built by Charles de la Grange , Lord of Neuville in 1640 . During the 17th and the 18th centuries , the castle was owned by Anne de la Grange ( Marquise de Frontenac ) , the Marquis de Castellane ( Marshall of the king 's armies ) , the Count Florimond de Mercy-Argenteau ( Ambassador of Austria in France ) . The castle has been abandoned since 1989 is the victim of vandalism . A project is afoot to refurbish the building and turn into an old people 's home and return this residence to its former glory .
Pavillon d'Amour
Le Pavillon d'Amour is a listed building situated Place du Pont on a small terrace in a park on the bank of the river Oise . the interior is composed of pine walls with a blue painted dome white clouds and statuettes of birds .
Le Pont de Neuville
In the early 20th century was built a suspension bridge between Neuville and Jouy-le-Moutier . This bridge replaced the ferry service between the communes . At the dawn of the war a new bridge was built to replace the dilapidated suspension bridge , it was dynamited a few months after its inauguration when the war broke off .
A new bridge identical to the previous one was built in 1974 .
Education
It has a primary school , École Gustave Eiffel .
See also
Communes of the Val-d'Oise department
References
Jouy le Moutier , cartes postales et photographies anciennes , 1985 , Mairie de Jouy-le-Moutier / Imprimerie Serag à Saint-Ouen-l'Aumône .
External links
Official website
Association of Mayors of the Val d'Oise
Communes of Val-d'Oise
Cergy-Pontoise
This is a list of the tallest buildings in South Bend by roof height . The tallest has been the 25-story Liberty Tower , since its completion in 1971 . Eighteen total structures are approximately one hundred feet tall . The Four Winds Casino Hotel has been topped out , but has not yet been fully completed .
List
References
Buildings and structures in South Bend , Indiana
Lists of buildings and structures by city
Philip James Elliot ( October 8 , 1927 – January 8 , 1956 ) was an American Christian missionary and one of five people killed during Operation Auca , an attempt to evangelize the Huaorani people of Ecuador .
Early life
Elliot was born in Portland , Oregon , to Fred and Clara Elliot . Fred was of Scottish heritage ; his grandparents were the first of his family to settle in North America . Clara 's parents moved near the turn of the 20th century from Switzerland to eastern Washington , where they operated a large ranch . They met in Portland , where Clara was studying to be a chiropractor and Fred , having devoted himself to Christian ministry , was working as a traveling preacher with the Plymouth Brethren movement . Robert , their first child , was born in 1921 while they were living in Seattle , and he was followed by Herbert , Jim , and Jane , all three of whom were born after the family moved to Portland . Elliot 's parents had firm Christian beliefs , and they raised their children accordingly , taking them to church and reading the Bible regularly . Elliot professed faith in Jesus at the age of six and grew up in a home where obedience and honesty were enforced . The Elliot parents encouraged their children to be adventurous , and encouraged them to `` live for Christ '' .
In 1941 , Elliot entered Benson Polytechnic High School , studying architectural drawing . There he participated in numerous activities , including the school newspaper , the wrestling team , school plays , and the public-speaking club . His acting ability led some of the teachers in the school to suggest that he pursue acting as a career , and his oratorical skills were similarly lauded—after Elliot prepared and delivered a speech in honor of President Franklin D. Roosevelt hours after his death , a faculty member praised it .
Elliot used his speaking ability regularly . A classmate recounts how Elliot quoted the Bible to the president of the student body as an explanation for his refusal to attend a school party . Another time , Elliot risked expulsion from the public-speaking club by refusing to give a political speech , believing that Christians were not to involve themselves in politics . A pacifist , he rejected the idea of using force to eliminate slavery in Africa , and he was prepared to stand as a conscientious objector had he been drafted to serve in World War II .
Leaving for Ecuador
In the summer of 1950 , while at Camp Wycliffe ( Cameron Townsend 's linguistics training camp in Oklahoma ) , Elliot practiced the skills necessary for writing down a language for the first time by working with a former missionary to the Quechua people . The missionary told him of the Huaorani – also called the `` Auca '' , the Quichua word for `` savage '' – a group of Ecuadorian indigenous people considered violent and dangerous to outsiders . Elliot remained unsure about whether to go to Ecuador or India until July . His parents and friends wondered if he might instead be more effective in youth ministry in the United States , but considering the home church `` well-fed '' , he felt that international missions should take precedence .
After the completion of his linguistic studies , Elliot applied for a passport and began to make plans with his friend Bill Cathers to leave for Ecuador . However , two months Cathers informed him that he planned to marry , making it impossible for him to accompany Elliot as they had planned . Instead , Elliot spent the winter and spring of 1951 working with his friend Ed McCully in Chester , Illinois , running a radio program , preaching in prisons , holding evangelistic rallies , and teaching Sunday school .
McCully married later that summer , forcing Elliot to look elsewhere for an unmarried man with whom he could begin working in Ecuador . That man turned out to be Pete Fleming , a graduate of the University of Washington with a degree in philosophy . He corresponded frequently with Elliot , and by September he was convinced of his calling to Ecuador . In the meantime , Elliot visited friends on the east coast , including his future wife , Elisabeth . In his journal he expressed hope that they would be able to be married , but at the same time felt that he was called to go to Ecuador without her . Elliot returned to Portland in November and began to prepare to leave the country .
Ecuador
Elliot and Fleming arrived in Ecuador on February 21 , 1952 , with the purpose of evangelizing Ecuador 's Quechua Indians . They first stayed in Quito , and then moved to the jungle . They took up residence at the Shandia mission station . On October 8 , 1953 , he married fellow Wheaton alumna and missionary Elisabeth Howard . The wedding was a simple civil ceremony held in Quito . Ed and Marilou McCully were the witnesses . The couple then took a brief honeymoon to Panama and Costa Rica , then returned to Ecuador . Their only child , Valerie , was born February 27 , 1955 . While working with Quechua Indians , Elliot began preparing to reach the Huaorani .
Elliot and his group ( Ed McCully , Roger Youderian , Pete Fleming , and their pilot , Nate Saint ) made contact from their Piper PA-14 airplane with the Huaorani using a loudspeaker and a basket to pass down gifts . After several months , the men decided to build a base a short distance from the Amerindian village , along the Curaray River . There they were approached one time by a small group of Huaorani and even gave an airplane ride to one curious Huaorani whom they called `` George '' ( his real name was Naenkiwi ) . Encouraged by these friendly encounters , they began plans to visit the Huaorani . Their plans were preempted by the arrival of a larger group of about 10 Huaorani warriors , who killed Elliot and his four companions on January 8 , 1956 . Jim Elliot was the first of the five missionaries killed when he and Peter Fleming were greeting two of those attackers . Elliot 's body was found downstream , along with those of the other men . Ed McCully 's body was found even farther downstream .
Legacy
Life magazine published a ten-page article on Elliot 's and his friends ' mission and deaths . After his death , his wife Elisabeth Elliot and other missionaries began working among the Huaorani , where they continued evangelistic work . She later published two books , Shadow of the Almighty : The Life and Testament of Jim Elliot and Through Gates of Splendor , which describe the life and death of her husband . In 1991 , the Jim Elliot Christian School was created in Denver , Colorado . In 1997 , the Jim Elliot Christian High School was founded in Lodi , California .
In 2002 , a documentary based on the story was released , entitled Beyond the Gates of Splendor . In 2003 , a musical based on the story of Jim and Elisabeth Elliot , entitled Love Above All , was staged at the Victoria Concert Hall in Singapore by Mount Carmel Bible-Presbyterian Church . This musical was staged a second time in 2007 at the NUS University Cultural Centre . In 2006 , a theatrical movie was released , entitled End of the Spear , based on the story of the pilot , Nate Saint , and the return trip of Saint 's son , Steve Saint , attempting to reach the natives of Ecuador .
Notes
References
Videography
.
Torchlighters : The Jim Elliot Story ( 2005 animation )
End of the Spear ( 2006 feature film )
Steve Saint : The Jungle Missionary ( 2007 documentary )
External links
Jim Elliot Papers , Billy Graham Center Archives , Wheaton College .
Sermons
( 33 minutes )
Resurrection ( 41 minutes )
American Protestant missionaries
American evangelicals
People from Portland , Oregon
American Plymouth Brethren
American people murdered abroad
People murdered in Ecuador
1927 births
1956 deaths
Protestant missionaries in Ecuador
Translators of the Bible into indigenous languages of the Americas
Operation Auca
Wheaton College ( Illinois ) alumni
Benson Polytechnic High School alumni
American Christian pacifists
20th-century translators
American people of Scottish descent
American people of Swiss descent
Victims of anti-Christian violence
1956 murders in Ecuador
American expatriates in Ecuador
Missionary linguists
Puneet Sira is a British and Bollywood feature film director and producer who formed The Foundry which is actively developing and producing films .
His tenure at BBC Films launched his career as director , writer and producer . Since then , he 's been the executive producer of Channel [ V ] for the Star TV Network . He 's produced and directed several dramas for television and feature films including I - Proud To Be An Indian ( 2004 ) , Jai Veeru ( 2009 ) and Kisaan , ( 2009 ) for which he received a Best Director honor . Virat Kohli 's Super V ( 2019 ) , a Superhero animation series , directed by Puneet for Disney+ , Marvel HQ , Star TV Network , Hotstar and Baweja Movies is the highest rated show in the animation bracket in India .
Biography
Early career
Sira started his career as an actor in the UK at the age of nine as a beggar boy in Annie Besant , The Warrior 's Return ( 1977 ) as part of The Velvet Glove series for the BBC , directed by Philip Saville . Puneet went on to play in the feature film Arabian Adventure ( 1979 ) . He played the lead role of Majeed , directed by Kevin Connor . In the same year Puneet played Kasava Minor in the BBC series To Serve Them All My Days ( 1979 ) .
In 1980 Sira was the youngest member to participate in Comex 10 , a commonwealth expedition sponsored by Prince Philip , Duke of Edinburgh . Founded by Lieutenant Colonel Lionel Gregory , OBE , Comex 10 was an expedition where 40 artistes from all commonwealth countries toured India performing variety acts in every city visited .
More acting work followed from How We Used to Live ( Yorkshire Television ) , Why Couples Break Up ( Yorkshire Television ) , London 's Burning ( London Weekend Television ) , The Moneymen ( London Weekend Television ) , The Park ( Regent Productions ) , The Betrothed ( LIFS ) and the highly acclaimed Walkers Poppadoms Commercial , The Rocking Sikh directed by Paul Weiland .
Film-making career
Sira became an assistant director at BBC Films Department on films such as Hallelujah Anyhow ( 1991 ) ( Screen Two ) starring Keith David , Sweet Nothing ( 1990 ) ( Screen One ) and Can You Hear Me Thinking ? ( 1991 ) starring Judi Dench . He freelanced on Flying Colors ( 1993 ) , Memsahib Rita ( 1994 ) , Blue Baby ( 1994 ) before venturing into directing his own films like Strings ( 1996 ) which he also wrote and produced .
Sira was the director of the London Academy of Acting ( a school founded by his father , Gurdial Sira in 1970 ) , where he would teach acting for film . He set up an actors ' agency , Talent Introduction Centre ( T.I.C . ) , where he provided work for Asian actors in the UK .
Casting director was another title to Sira 's credit : films such as Jinnah ( 1998 ) starring Christoper Lee , Flight ( 1992 ) ( BBC Screen One ) , directed by Alex Pillai , Immaculate Conception ( 1992 ) directed by Jamil Dehlavi , Memsahib Rita ( 1994 ) and Frantz Fanon – Black Skin , White Mask ( 1996 ) directed by Isaac Julien . On the American feature film Passion in the Desert ( 1997 ) Sira worked on production .
Sira lectured on basic film making at Middlesex University and Italia Conti Acting Academy as a visiting lecturer .
In 1998 , Sira became the executive producer for Rupert Murdoch 's Channel V , ( STAR TV ) , producing more than 22 television shows for the channel in Mumbai . He went on to produce and direct drama for television The Steal ( 2000 ) STAR TV , followed by Sanatta ( 2001 ) and Jataka Tales ( 2002 ) for Japanese television which Sira directed and produced with his partner Vikram Dhillon . Sira went on to direct the feature films I - Proud To Be An Indian ( 2004 ) , Jai Veeru ( 2009 ) and Kisaan ( 2009 ) .
As a screenwriter Sira wrote I - Proud To Be An Indian with Vekeana Dhillon . Together they have written the screenplay for the feature film Kurbani for Feroz Khan ( FK International ) and Spiceboy for Miracle Films . Sira had written The Steal and Sanatta .
Sira and Vikram Dhillon are partners in The Foundry , a production company which has developed several feature films as well as several IPS for the major OTT platforms globally
Filmography
AwardsSAFF Awards :
2009 : SAFF Award for Direction ( Kisaan )
References
External links
I am Proud To Be An Indian @ Internet Movie DatabaseI Proud To Be An Indian @ Bollywood Hungama '' ( IndiaFM )
Trailer of Jai Veeru
1967 births
Living people
British people of Punjabi descent
British film directors
The Bulgaria men 's national under-18 basketball team is the national representative for Bulgaria in international under-18 basketball tournaments . The team is administered by the Bulgarian Basketball Federation .
FIBA U18 European Championship participations
See also
Bulgaria men 's national basketball team
Bulgaria men 's national under-16 basketball team
Bulgaria women 's national under-18 basketball team
References
External links
Official website
Archived records of Bulgaria team participations
Basketball in Bulgaria
basketball
Men 's national under-18 basketball teams
The following is a list of panel paintings , works on canvas and frescoes by the Italian painter Sandro Botticelli . The few surviving drawings are excluded . It is not indicated if some works might be executed with more or less participation by his workshop .
See also
Divine Comedy illustrated by Botticelli
References
Botticelli
Paintings by Sandro Botticelli
House of Vermandois refers to two families that reigned as Counts of Vermandois :
Herbertien dynasty , an illegitimate line of the Carolingian dynasty that ruled Vermandois from 896 to 1080 .
Capetian House of Vermandois , an cadet line of the Capetian dynasty that ruled Vermandois from 1080 to 1167 .
Étienne Carjat ( 28 March 1828 – 8 March 1906 ) was a French journalist , caricaturist and photographer . He co-founded the magazine Le Diogène , and founded the review Le Boulevard . He is best known for his numerous portraits and caricatures of political , literary and artistic Parisian figures . His best-known work is the iconic portrait of Arthur Rimbaud which he took in October 1871 . The location of much of his photography is untraceable after being sold to a Mr. Roth in 1923 .
Biography
Carjat was born in Fareins , a commune in the Ain department in eastern France . When he was ten , his family moved to Paris , and in 1841 , at the age of thirteen , he was apprenticed to Mr. Cartier , a silk manufacturer . At first he was employed in mundane activities , but he came to the attention of the chief designer , M. Henry , who was pleased with drawings he had made to amuse children and he was transferred to the design department . He remained there for three years . Interested in the theatre , in 1854 Carjat published a series of lithographic caricatures of Parisian actors , each being accompanied by a comic verse . These proved popular and Carjat later used reproductions to make cartes de visite , and the photographer Pierre Petit produced enlarged versions .
In 1858 , Carjat learned the profession of photography from Pierre Petit , and in 1861 , he moved into his own workshop at number 56 Rue Laffitte in Paris . This was the same location as the offices of the newspaper Le Boulevard , which he founded , and which was run by his friend Alphonse de Launay . The poet Charles Baudelaire contributed to this weekly magazine . Carjat 's photographic skills developed and he produced numerous portraits of celebrity subjects , his photographs being distinguished by the absence of the elaborate ornamentation that other photographers favoured . His photographs captured the spirit of his subjects by their dramatic postures and expressions . His work was recognised internationally , and he received awards in Paris ( 1863 and 1864 ) , in Berlin ( 1867 ) , and at the Paris Exposition Universelle ( 1867 ) . Portrait photography may have been his main interest at this time , but he continued with his editing activities and publishing cartoons in the popular press .
In 1865 , he sold his workshop to Légé and Bergeron . From 1866 to 1869 , he moved to number 62 Rue Jean-Baptiste-Pigalle , then to 10 Rue Notre-Dame-de-Lorette . He was a friend of the painter Gustave Courbet ; ( like Courbet ) he supported the Paris Commune in 1871 , and published political poems in their newspaper La Commune . He continued in his work as a caricaturist , published in particular in the newspaper Le Diogène of which he was the co-founder . He also published a book , Artiste et citoyen , in 1883 .
One of his best-known photographs is a portrait of Arthur Rimbaud , taken in October 1871 . Paul Verlaine , Rimbaud and Carjat were part of Vilains Bonshommes , a group created in 1869 , which brought together poets and artists like André Gill , Théodore de Banville and Henri Fantin-Latour . In January 1872 , a quarrel broke out during a dinner organized by this group , and Rimbaud injured Étienne Carjat with the cane-sword of Albert Mérat . In reaction , Étienne Carjat erased the photographic plates corresponding to the portraits he had taken of Rimbaud , and only eight prints of the original photographs survive . Another well-known photograph is a brooding portrait of the poet Charles Baudelaire .
Publications
Croquis biographiques ( 1858 )
Les Mouches vertes , satire ( 1868 )
Peuple , prends garde à toi ! Satire électorale ( 1875 )
'' Artiste et citoyen : poésies ; précédées d'une lettre de Victor Hugo ( 1883 )
Photographs and caricatures
References
1828 births
1906 deaths
People from Ain
French photographers
French caricaturists
French journalists
French male non-fiction writers
Pevtsov ( , from певец meaning singer ) is a Russian masculine surname , its feminine counterpart is Pevtsova . It may refer to
Dmitry Pevtsov ( born 1963 ) , Russian actor and singer
Rostyslav Pevtsov ( born 1987 ) , Azerbaijani triathlete
Russian-language surnames
The 2011 NCAA Division II women 's basketball tournament involved 64 schools playing in a single-elimination tournament to determine the national champion of women 's NCAA Division II college basketball as a culmination of the 2010–11 basketball season .
Qualification and tournament format
The champions of the 22 basketball conferences qualified automatically . An additional 42 teams were selected as at-large participants by the selection committee . The first three rounds of the tournament were organized in regions comprising eight participants in groups of two or three conferences ( two in the Central and Midwest regions ) . The eight regional winners then met at the Elite Eight for the final three rounds held at the St. Joseph Civic Arena in St. Joseph , Missouri .
Automatic qualifiers
The following teams automatically qualified for the tournament as the winner of their conference championships :
Qualified teams
Regionals
South – Russellville , Arkansas
Location : Tucker Coliseum Host : Arkansas Tech University
Midwest – Houghton , Michigan
Location : Student Development Center Gymnasium Host : Michigan Technological University
South Central – Tahlequah , Oklahoma
Location : Dobbins Fieldhouse Host : Northeastern State University
West – Pomona , California
Location : Kellogg Gymnasium Host : California State Polytechnic University , Pomona
Central – Durango , Colorado
Location : Whalen Gymnasium Host : Fort Lewis College
Atlantic – Edinboro , Pennsylvania
Location : McComb Fieldhouse Host : Edinboro University of Pennsylvania
East – Waltham , Massachusetts
Location : Dana Center Host : Bentley College
Southeast – Morrow , Georgia
Location : Athletics & Fitness Center Host : Clayton State University
Elite Eight – St. Joseph , Missouri
Location : St. Joseph Civic Arena Host : Missouri Western State University
See also
2011 NCAA Division I women 's basketball tournament
2011 NCAA Division III women 's basketball tournament
2011 NCAA Division II men 's basketball tournament
2011 Women 's National Invitation Tournament
2011 NAIA Division I women 's basketball tournament
2011 NAIA Division II women 's basketball tournament
References
2011 NCAA Division II women 's basketball tournament jonfmorse.com
NCAA Division II women 's basketball tournament
NCAA tournament
The Diocese of Sita ( ) was a Christian diocese in Africa Proconsularis . It is presently a bishopric of the Roman Catholic Church .
History
In antiquity , the bishopric of Sita was centered on a Roman–Berber civitas of the province of Mauretania Caesariensis . The exact location of that Roman town is now lost to history but to was somewhere in today 's Algeria .
At the 411 Carthage conference , between the Catholic and Donatist bishops of Roman North Africa The town was represented by the Donatist Saturn , without a Catholic opponent . Then in 484 , the town was represented by Reparato at the synod assembled in Carthage by the Arian King Huneric the Vandal . At the conclusion of that Council , Reparato was exiled .
Today Sita survives as a titular bishopric and the current bishop is Udo Bentz , auxiliary bishop of Mainz , who replaced Joaquim Wladimir Lopes Dias in 2015 .
References
Roman towns and cities in Mauretania Caesariensis
Catholic titular sees in Africa
Former Roman Catholic dioceses in Africa
Sita
Better Motörhead than Dead : Live at Hammersmith is the ninth live album by the band Motörhead , and is the entire concert of their 30th anniversary show at the Hammersmith Apollo in London on 16 June 2005 . It was released on 16 July , 2007 , on Steamhammer as a double CD , and is the third live album , tenth album in total , with the label .
Recording
Motörhead have always stated that they are a touring band , which has kept them on their feet a lot more than record sales ever did ; especially over the mid 1980s to the mid 1990s , when they had massive label issues , from 1984 to 1994 specifically . The lineup of Lemmy , Zoom and Mikkey ( on this album ) has been the most consistent one , since Würzel left the band . Mikkey Dee joined in 1992 during the end of making the March or Die album – 14 years prior to this album , and at this point equalling Phil `` Philthy Animal '' Taylor 's time on the drums – whilst Phil `` Zööm '' Campbell joined in 1984 , with Michael `` Würzel '' Burston , and never left the band .
When it comes to the Motörhead that most people since the early 1990s have seen live , this is it .
Some critics have used their forums , such as Allmusic and Blabbermouth , to point out that by this stage Motörhead seemed to be churning out live albums . But this can be expected from a band that has lived on the road , and finally got some respect .
The band seem to have been trying to make up for the many years of missing out on good , quality , live material put out to the public . Since their seminal No. # 1 UK hit album , No Sleep 'til Hammersmith , was released they have struggled match it , as 1988s follow-up album , Nö Sleep at All , was not nearly as good in record sales . It would be over a decade until the next live album , Everything Louder Than Everyone Else in 1999 , recorded in 1998 in Germany , was released to the public , and it was quickly followed by Live at Brixton Academy in 2003 , their 25th anniversary concert from 2000 . So this album is putting out a statement that they have always wanted to do good by the fans , but have n't had the label to back them , until signing with Steamhammer .
Release
`` Love Me Like A Reptile '' , `` Shoot You In The Back '' , `` Over The Top '' and `` ( We Are ) The Road Crew '' , all off the Ace of Spades album , have n't been played live in more than a decade , let alone make the live album release , even if they found a place in some random setlist over the years . The album title song `` Iron Fist '' , which once opened the set , gets a reprise . `` I Got Mine '' and `` Dancing On Your Grave '' have n't been played since the Brian `` Robbo '' Robertson days on their accompanying tour for Another Perfect Day back in the early eighties , and have n't seen the light of day until this recording .
`` Dr Rock '' , also a set opener for years , gets a run from Orgasmatron , and the 'big hit ' `` Killed by Death '' , from the No Remorse compilation , both reflecting the Pete Gill days in the band . The once live twin solo jam track , `` Just 'Cos You Got The Power '' from the Eat The Rich single , has n't been heard in a very long time and is a homage to late Würzel 's days in the band . `` Going to Brazil '' , also once a set opener ( they have quite a few on this album ) and `` R.A.M.O.N.E.S . `` , from the last time Philthy had anything to do with band , both of the 1916 album .
The rest of the set has the regular showstoppers and plays some new track also , to round out a balanced list of songs over the band 's career .
Critical reception
It got a standard reception when it was released , as with the previous live album , which was also their 25th anniversary show , and also a double CD , with a similar amount of fanfare , that being not much .
AllMusic 's Greg Prato writes :
Whilst Blabbermouths 's Scott Alisoglu states :
And Amazon said :
Track listing
Personnel
Adapted from the liner notes .
Motörhead
Lemmy – lead vocals , bass , harmonica and acoustic guitar on `` Whorehouse Blues ''
Phil Campbell – lead guitar , acoustic guitar on `` Whorehouse Blues ''
Mikkey Dee – drums , acoustic guitar on `` Whorehouse Blues ''
Production
Cameron Webb – producer
Motörhead – executive producers
References
Motörhead live albums
2007 live albums
SPV/Steamhammer live albums
Martine Moen ( born 30 October 1992 ) is a retired Norwegian handball player , who last played for Fredrikstad BK .
In February 2015 , she was selected in a squad for Norway 's national recruit team in handball . After recovering from a serious injury Moen made a comeback for Halden HK late December 2015 , and after improving her play and showing a great form , she was once again selected to represent Norways national recruit team in March 2016 .
Achievements
Norwegian Cup :
Finalist : 2014
References
1992 births
Living people
People from Sarpsborg
Norwegian female handball players
Norwegian expatriate sportspeople in Denmark
Expatriate handball players
Sportspeople from Viken ( county )
The 2020 Purdue Boilermakers baseball team was a baseball team that represented Purdue University in the 2020 NCAA Division I baseball season . The Boilermakers were members of the Big Ten Conference and played their home games at Alexander Field in West Lafayette , Indiana . They were led by first-year head coach Greg Goff .
The season was cut short in stages by March 12 due to the COVID-19 pandemic .
Previous season
The Boilermakers finished the 2019 NCAA Division I baseball season 20–34 overall ( 7–16 conference ) and twelfth place in conference standings , failing to quality for the 2019 Big Ten Conference Baseball Tournament
MLB Draft
The following Boilermakers on the 2019 roster were selected in the 2019 Major League Baseball draft :
* indicates draftee had no more college eligibility
Preseason
On June 11 , 2019 , head coach Mark Wasikowski left the Purdue program to return to Oregon as the head coach . Just two days later , Purdue promoted volunteer assistant , Greg Goff to head coach . On June 19 , 2019 , Goff named Campbell pitching coach and recruiting coordinator , Chris Marx , the team 's pitching coach . On September 5 , 2019 , former Purdue shortstop , Harry Shipley was named a volunteer assistant coach .
Roster
Schedule
! style= '' '' | Regular Season
|- valign= '' top ''
|- bgcolor= '' # ccffcc ''
| 1 || February 14 || vs || Historic Sanford Memorial Stadium • Sanford , Florida || 9–6 || Parker ( 1–0 ) || Joyce ( 0–1 ) || Hofstra ( 1 ) || 156 || 1–0 || –
|- bgcolor= '' # ffcccc ''
| 2 || February 15 || vs Hofstra || Historic Sanford Memorial Stadium • Sanford , Florida || 6–13 || Hall ( 1–0 ) || Tomasic ( 0–1 ) || None || 259 || 1–1 || –
|- bgcolor= '' # ccffcc ''
| 3 || February 15 || vs Hofstra || Historic Sanford Memorial Stadium • Sanford , Florida || 10–4 || Brooks ( 1–0 ) || Mundy ( 0–1 ) || None || 259 || 2–1 || –
|- bgcolor= '' # ccffcc ''
| 4 || February 16 || vs Hofstra || Historic Sanford Memorial Stadium • Sanford , Florida || 10–9 || Wade ( 1–0 ) || Skidmore ( 0–1 ) || Hoftstra ( 2 ) || 252 || 3–1 || –
|- bgcolor= '' # ccffcc ''
| 5 || February 21 || at || Jim Perry Stadium • Buies Creek , North Carolina || 6–4 || Johnson ( 1–0 ) || Cowan ( 0–2 ) || Hofstra ( 3 ) || 506 || 4–1 || –
|- bgcolor= '' # ccffcc ''
| 6 || February 22 || vs || Jim Perry Stadium • Buies Creek , North Carolina || 6–2 || Brooks ( 2–0 ) || Pushard ( 0–1 ) || Bohm ( 1 ) || 273 || 5–1 || –
|- bgcolor= '' # ccffcc ''
| 7 || February 23 || vs || Jim Perry Stadium • Buies Creek , North Carolina || 7–1 || Smeltz ( 1–0 ) || Siegenthaler ( 0–1 ) || None || 158 || 6–1 || –
|- bgcolor= '' # ffcccc ''
| 8 || February 28 || vs # 14 || U.S. Bank Stadium • Minneapolis , Minnesota || 1–5 || Jarvis ( 2–1 ) || Johnson ( 0–1 ) || None || – || 6–2 || –
|- bgcolor= '' # ffcccc ''
| 9 || February 29 || vs # 8 NC State || U.S. Bank Stadium • Minneapolis , Minnesota || 0–6 || Swiney ( 3–0 ) || Brooks ( 2–1 ) || None || – || 6–3 || –
|-
|- bgcolor= '' # ffcccc ''
| 10 || March 1 || vs # 23 || U.S. Bank Stadium • Minneapolis , Minnesota || 5–6 || Mott ( 2–0 ) || Hildebrand ( 0–1 ) || None || – || 6–4 || –
|- bgcolor= '' # ffcccc ''
| 11 || March 4 || at Indiana || Bart Kaufman Field • Bloomington , Indiana || 2–17 || Krueger ( 1–0 ) || Bohm ( 0–1 ) || None || 1,668 || 6–5 || –
|- bgcolor= '' # ffcccc ''
| 12 || March 6 || at || Nick Denes Field • Bowling Green , Kentucky || 3–8 || Hicks ( 2–1 ) || Hofstra ( 0–1 ) || Kates ( 1 ) || 213 || 6–6 || –
|- bgcolor= '' # ffcccc ''
| 13 || March 7 || at Western Kentucky || Nick Denes Field • Bowling Green , Kentucky || 2–11 || Bergeron ( 2–0 ) || Brooks ( 2–2 ) || None || 403 || 6–7 || –
|- bgcolor= '' # ccffcc ''
| 14 || March 8 || at Western Kentucky || Nick Denes Field • Bowling Green , Kentucky || 19–1 || Jackson ( 1–0 ) || Shoemake ( 2–1 ) || None || 438 || 7–7 || –
|- bgcolor= '' # bbbbbb ''
| 15 || March 13 || at || Charles H. Braun Stadium • Evansville , Indiana || colspan=7| Canceled ( COVID-19 pandemic )
|- bgcolor= '' # bbbbbb ''
| 16 || March 14 || at Evansville || Charles H. Braun Stadium • Evansville , Indiana || colspan=7| Canceled ( COVID-19 pandemic )
|- bgcolor= '' # bbbbbb ''
| 17 || March 15 || at Evansville || Charles H. Braun Stadium • Evansville , Indiana || colspan=7| Canceled ( COVID-19 pandemic )
|- bgcolor= '' # bbbbbb ''
| 18 || March 17 || || Alexander Field • West Lafayette , Indiana || colspan=7| Canceled ( COVID-19 pandemic )
|- bgcolor= '' # bbbbbb ''
| 19 || March 18 || || Alexander Field • West Lafayette , Indiana || colspan=7| Canceled ( COVID-19 pandemic )
|- bgcolor= '' # bbbbbb ''
| 20 || March 20 || at Michigan || Ray Fisher Stadium • Ann Arbor , Michigan || colspan=7| Canceled ( COVID-19 pandemic )
|- bgcolor= '' # bbbbbb ''
| 21 || March 21 || at Michigan || Ray Fisher Stadium • Ann Arbor , Michigan || colspan=7| Canceled ( COVID-19 pandemic )
|- bgcolor= '' # bbbbbb ''
| 22 || March 22 || at Michigan || Ray Fisher Stadium • Ann Arbor , Michigan || colspan=7| Canceled ( COVID-19 pandemic )
|- bgcolor= '' # bbbbbb ''
| 23 || March 24 || Purdue Fort Wayne || Alexander Field • West Lafayette , Indiana || colspan=7| Canceled ( COVID-19 pandemic )
|- bgcolor= '' # bbbbbb ''
| 24 || March 25 || at || Bob Warn Field at Sycamore Stadium • Terre Haute , Indiana || colspan=7| Canceled ( COVID-19 pandemic )
|- bgcolor= '' # bbbbbb ''
| 25 || March 27 || || Alexander Field • West Lafayette , Indiana || colspan=7| Canceled ( COVID-19 pandemic )
|- bgcolor= '' # bbbbbb ''
| 26 || March 28 || Illinois || Alexander Field • West Lafayette , Indiana || colspan=7| Canceled ( COVID-19 pandemic )
|- bgcolor= '' # bbbbbb ''
| 27 || March 28 || Illinois || Alexander Field • West Lafayette , Indiana || colspan=7| Canceled ( COVID-19 pandemic )
|- bgcolor= '' # bbbbbb ''
| 28 || March 31 || || Alexander Field • West Lafayette , Indiana || colspan=7| Canceled ( COVID-19 pandemic )
|-
|- bgcolor= '' # bbbbbb ''
| 29 || April 3 || at || Duane Banks Field • Iowa City , Iowa || colspan=7| Canceled ( COVID-19 pandemic )
|- bgcolor= '' # bbbbbb ''
| 30 || April 4 || at Iowa || Duane Banks Field • Iowa City , Iowa || colspan=7| Canceled ( COVID-19 pandemic )
|- bgcolor= '' # bbbbbb ''
| 31 || April 5 || at Iowa || Duane Banks Field • Iowa City , Iowa || colspan=7| Canceled ( COVID-19 pandemic )
|- bgcolor= '' # bbbbbb ''
| 32 || April 7 || at || Ball Diamond • Muncie , Indiana || colspan=7| Canceled ( COVID-19 pandemic )
|- bgcolor= '' # bbbbbb ''
| 33 || April 10 || || Alexander Field • West Lafayette , Indiana || colspan=7| Canceled ( COVID-19 pandemic )
|- bgcolor= '' # bbbbbb ''
| 34 || April 11 || Nebraska || Alexander Field • West Lafayette , Indiana || colspan=7| Canceled ( COVID-19 pandemic )
|- bgcolor= '' # bbbbbb ''
| 35 || April 12 || Nebraska || Alexander Field • West Lafayette , Indiana || colspan=7| Canceled ( COVID-19 pandemic )
|- bgcolor= '' # bbbbbb ''
| 36 || April 14 || || Alexander Field • West Lafayette , Indiana || colspan=7| Canceled ( COVID-19 pandemic )
|- bgcolor= '' # bbbbbb ''
| 37 || April 17 || || Alexander Field • West Lafayette , Indiana || colspan=7| Canceled ( COVID-19 pandemic )
|- bgcolor= '' # bbbbbb ''
| 38 || April 18 || Samford || Alexander Field • West Lafayette , Indiana || colspan=7| Canceled ( COVID-19 pandemic )
|- bgcolor= '' # bbbbbb ''
| 39 || April 19 || Samford || Alexander Field • West Lafayette , Indiana || colspan=7| Canceled ( COVID-19 pandemic )
|- bgcolor= '' # bbbbbb ''
| 40 || April 21 || Ball State || Alexander Field • West Lafayette , Indiana || colspan=7| Canceled ( COVID-19 pandemic )
|- bgcolor= '' # bbbbbb ''
| 41 || April 22 || vs Butler || Victory Field • Indianapolis , Indiana || colspan=7| Canceled ( COVID-19 pandemic )
|- bgcolor= '' # bbbbbb ''
| 42 || April 24 || at Minnesota || Siebert Field • Minneapolis , Minnesota || colspan=7| Canceled ( COVID-19 pandemic )
|- bgcolor= '' # bbbbbb ''
| 43 || April 25 || at Minnesota || Siebert Field • Minneapolis , Minnesota || colspan=7| Canceled ( COVID-19 pandemic )
|- bgcolor= '' # bbbbbb ''
| 44 || April 26 || at Minnesota || Siebert Field • Minneapolis , Minnesota || colspan=7| Canceled ( COVID-19 pandemic )
|- bgcolor= '' # bbbbbb ''
| 45 || April 28 || || Alexander Field • West Lafayette , Indiana || colspan=7| Canceled ( COVID-19 pandemic )
|-
|- bgcolor= '' # bbbbbb ''
| 46 || May 1 || || Alexander Field • West Lafayette , Indiana || colspan=7| Canceled ( COVID-19 pandemic )
|- bgcolor= '' # bbbbbb ''
| 47 || May 2 || Maryland || Alexander Field • West Lafayette , Indiana || colspan=7| Canceled ( COVID-19 pandemic )
|- bgcolor= '' # bbbbbb ''
| 48 || May 3 || Maryland || Alexander Field • West Lafayette , Indiana || colspan=7| Canceled ( COVID-19 pandemic )
|- bgcolor= '' # bbbbbb ''
| 49 || May 8 || Indiana || Alexander Field • West Lafayette , Indiana || colspan=7| Canceled ( COVID-19 pandemic )
|- bgcolor= '' # bbbbbb ''
| 50 || May 9 || Indiana || Alexander Field • West Lafayette , Indiana || colspan=7| Canceled ( COVID-19 pandemic )
|- bgcolor= '' # bbbbbb ''
| 51 || May 10 || Indiana || Alexander Field • West Lafayette , Indiana || colspan=7| Canceled ( COVID-19 pandemic )
|- bgcolor= '' # bbbbbb ''
| 52 || May 12 || at Milwaukee || Routine Field • Franklin , Wisconsin || colspan=7| Canceled ( COVID-19 pandemic )
|- bgcolor= '' # bbbbbb ''
| 53 || May 14 || at || Drayton McLane Baseball Stadium at John H. Kobs Field • East Lansing , Michigan || colspan=7| Canceled ( COVID-19 pandemic )
|- bgcolor= '' # bbbbbb ''
| 54 || May 15 || at Michigan State || Drayton McLane Baseball Stadium at John H. Kobs Field • East Lansing , Michigan || colspan=7| Canceled ( COVID-19 pandemic )
|- bgcolor= '' # bbbbbb ''
| 55 || May 16 || at Michigan State || Drayton McLane Baseball Stadium at John H. Kobs Field • East Lansing , Michigan || colspan=7| Canceled ( COVID-19 pandemic )
|-
References
Purdue
Purdue Boilermakers baseball seasons
Purdue
Emily of New Moon is a Canadian television series , which aired on CBC Television from 1998 to 2000 . The series originally aired in the United States on the Cookie Jar Toons block on This TV and it is currently broadcast in Canada on the Viva , Bravo ! and Vision TV cable channels . The series , produced by Salter Street Films , was based on the Emily of New Moon series of novels by Lucy Maud Montgomery . The series consisted of three seasons of thirteen episodes and one season of seven episodes , for a total of forty-six episodes produced . The executive producers were Micheline Charest , Michael Donovan , and Ronald Weinberg .
Series overview
The series starred Martha MacIsaac as the titular orphan Emily Starr . Susan Clark and Sheila McCarthy played Emily 's aunts Elizabeth and Laura , who had taken on the responsibility of raising Emily following her father 's death , and Stephen McHattie played her cousin Jimmy . Susan Clark left the series after the first season when her character , Elizabeth , was killed off .
Recurring cast included Chip Chuipka as Mr. Carpenter , Peter Donaldson as Ian Bowles , Richard Donat as Dr. Burnley , Kris Lemche as Perry Miller , John Neville as Uncle Malcolm , Jessica Pellerin as Ilse Burnley , Shawn Roberts as Teddy Kent , and Linda Thorson as Cousin Isabel .
Guest stars included Janet Wright , Phyllis Diller , Martha Burns , Maury Chaykin , Martha Henry , Lisa Houle , William Hutt , Michael Moriarty , Barbara Feldon , Macha Grenon and Claire Rankin .
Plot
This is the story of a young orphan girl named Emily Starr who is sent to live at New Moon Farm on Prince Edward Island with her aunts Elizabeth and Laura Murray and her Cousin Jimmy after her father dies of tuberculosis . She makes friends with Ilse Burnley , Teddy Kent , and Perry Miller , the hired boy , who is a Aunt Elizabeth looks down upon because he was born in 'Stovepipe Town ' , a poorer district .
Each of the children has a special gift . Emily was born to be a writer , Teddy is a gifted artist , Ilse is a talented elocutionist , and Perry has the makings of a great politician . They also each have a few problems with their families . Emily has a hard time getting along with Aunt Elizabeth , who does not understand her need to write . Ilse 's father , Dr. Burnley , ignores Ilse most of the time because of a dreadful secret concerning Ilse 's mother . Teddy 's mother is jealous of her son 's talents and friends , fearing that his love for them will eclipse his love for her ; as a result , she hates Emily , Teddy 's drawings , and even his pets . Perry is not as well off as the other three , so his Aunt Tom once tries to make Emily promise to marry Perry when they grow up , threatening that unless Emily does so , she will not pay for Perry 's schooling .
Other unforgettable characters are Dean `` Jarback '' Priest , a quiet , mysterious cynic who wants something he fears is ever unattainable ; fiery Mr Carpenter , the crusty old schoolteacher who is Emily 's mentor and honest critic when it comes to evaluating her stories and poems ; `` simple '' Cousin Jimmy , who recites his poetry when the spirit moves him ; Aunt Laura , who is the kind aunt ; and strict , suspicious Aunt Elizabeth who yet proves to be an unexpected ally in times of trouble .
Cast
Main Cast
Martha MacIsaac as Emily Byrd Starr
Stephen McHattie as Cousin Jimmy Murray
Sheila McCarthy as Aunt Laura Murray
Susan Clark as Aunt Elizabeth Murray ( main season 1 ; guest star seasons 2-3 )
Linda Thorson as Cousin Isabel Murray ( season 2-3 )
John Neville as Uncle Malcolm Murray ( season 2-3 )
Jessica Pellerin as Ilse Burnley ( main season 4 ; recurring seasons 1-3 )
Recurring Cast
Shawn Roberts as Teddy Kent
Kris Lemche as Perry Miller
Chip Chuipka as Mr. Francis Carpenter
Peter Donaldson as Ian Bowles
Richard Donat as Dr. Allan Burnley
Marlene O'Brien as Mrs. Velma Stuart
Emily Cara Cook as Rhoda Stuart
Carroll Godsman as Mildred Kent
Aaron Ashmore as Harrison Bowles
Guest Cast
Michael Moriarty as Douglas Starr
Janet Wright as Aunt Thom
Phyllis Diller as Great Aunt Nancy Priest
Martha Burns as Eve Kinch
Maury Chaykin as Lofty John
Martha Henry as Megan Moore
Lisa Houle as Eve Kinch/Dr . Iris Campbell/Iris Burnley
William Hutt as Reverend Pitch/Satan
Barbara Feldon as Madame Marlena
Macha Grenon as Nadine
Claire Rankin as Juliet Starr
Ken Leckey as Officer Finchley
Sarah Briand as Young Emily
Peter Levi as Wowkiss
William Greenblatt as Duncan McHugh
Production
The series was developed by Marlene Matthews , who also wrote or co-wrote nineteen episodes of the series and served as one of the producers for the first three years .
Additional writers include Nobu Adilman , Leila Basen , Chris Bould , Heather Conkie , Edwina Follows , Dennis Foon , Rob Forsyth , Jeremy Hole , Janet MacLean , Peter Meech , David Preston , Lynn Turner , and Joe Wiesenfeld . Episodes were directed by George Bloomfield , Randy Bradshaw , Richard Ciupka , Phil Comeau , Steve Danyluk , Douglas Jackson , Jimmy Kaufman , Michael Kennedy , Gordon Langevin , Lorette Leblanc , Eleanore Lindo , Don McBrearty , Stephen McHattie , Matthew Nodella , Gabriel Pelletier , Jean-François Pouliot , Stefan Scaini , Mark Sobel , and Giles Walker .
Episodes
Season 1 ( 1998 )
`` Eye of Heaven '' ( January 4 , 1998 )
`` Storms of the Heart '' ( January 11 , 1998 )
`` The Book of Yesterday '' ( January 18 , 1998 )
`` The Disappointed House '' ( January 25 , 1998 )
`` Paradise Lost '' ( February 1 , 1998 )
'The Enchanted Doll '' ( March 8 , 1998 )
`` Falling Angels '' ( March 15 , 1998 )
`` The Tale of Duncan McHugh '' ( March 22 , 1998 )
`` The Wild Rover '' ( March 29 , 1998 )
`` The Ghost of Whyther Grange '' ( April 5 , 1998 )
`` A Child Shall Lead Them '' ( April 12 , 1998 )
`` A Winter 's Tale '' ( April 12 , 1998 )
`` The Sound of Silence '' ( April 19 , 1998 )
Season 2 ( 1998–99 )
`` Summer of Sorrows '' ( October 4 , 1998 )
`` And So They Shall Reap '' ( October 11 , 1998 )
`` A Shadow in His Dream '' ( October 18 , 1998 )
`` Where Angels Fear to Tread '' ( October 25 , 1998 )
`` The Curse of the Poppet '' ( November 8 , 1998 )
`` By the Rivers of Babylon '' ( November 15 , 1998 )
`` A Time to Heal '' ( November 29 , 1998 )
`` The Devil 's Punchbowl '' ( December 6 , 1998 )
`` Pins and Needles , Needles and Pins , When a Man Gets Married , His Trouble Begins '' ( December 13 , 1998 )
`` Crown of Thorns '' ( December 20 , 1998 )
`` When the Bough Breaks '' ( December 27 , 1998 )
`` Love Knots '' ( January 3 , 1999 )
`` The Book of Hours '' ( January 10 , 1999 )
Season 3 ( 1999 )
`` Ask Me Questions , I 'll Tell You No Lies '' ( September 28 , 1999 )
`` The Return of Maida Flynn '' ( September 29 , 1999 )
`` Under the Wishing Moon '' ( September 30 , 1999 )
`` Bridge of Dreams '' ( October 1 , 1999 )
`` Bred to the Bone '' ( October 4 , 1999 )
`` The Return of Malcolm Murray '' ( October 5 , 1999 )
`` In the Valley of the Shadow of Death '' ( October 6 , 1999 )
`` The Plague '' ( October 6 , 1999 )
`` Had a Wife and Could n't Keep Her '' ( October 7 , 1999 )
`` A Fall from Grace '' ( October 8 , 1999 )
`` The Bequest '' ( October 11 , 1999 )
`` Command Performance '' ( October 12 , 1999 )
`` A Man May Work from Sun to Sun , But a Woman 's Work is Never Done '' ( October 13 , 1999 )
`` A Weaver of Dreams '' ( October 14 , 1999 )
Season 4 ( 2000 )
`` Rites of Passage '' ( May 29 , 2000 )
`` The Taming of Isle Burnley '' ( May 30 , 2000 )
`` A Bill of Divorcement '' ( May 31 , 2000 )
`` Too Close to the Sun '' ( June 1 , 2000 )
`` Weight of the World '' ( June 4 , 2000 )
`` Away '' ( June 5 , 2000 )
`` A Seller of Dreams '' ( June 6 , 2000 )
Home Media releases
United States
Echo Bridge Home Entertainment has released all four seasons on DVD in the United States , as well as a complete series DVD set .
Canada
Alliance Home Entertainment has released all four seasons on DVD in Canada for the very first time .
Streaming
As of 2017 , the show has begun streaming for free on Canada Media Fund 's Encore+ YouTube page .
References
External links
L.M . Montgomery Online This scholarly site includes a blog , a bibliography of reference materials , and a complete filmography of all adaptations of Montgomery texts . See , in particular , the page for Emily of New Moon .
The Official Emily of New Moon Fan Site Includes a synopsis of the series and information on the cast and crew behind the Emily of New Moon television series .
CBC Television original programming
1990s Canadian drama television series
1998 Canadian television series debuts
2000s Canadian drama television series
2000 Canadian television series endings
Television series by Cookie Jar Entertainment
Television shows set in Prince Edward Island
Television shows filmed in Prince Edward Island
Culture of Charlottetown
Summerside , Prince Edward Island
Period family drama television series
English-language television shows
Canadian fantasy television series
Cobie Legrange ( born 1942 ) is a South African professional golfer . He was one of the best South African golfers of the 1960s and reached a peak ranking of # 15 in the world .
Professional career
Legrange was born in Boksburg , South Africa . He played on the British circuit in 1962 but performed poorly . In April 1963 , he returned to South Africa to improve his play . He maintained a very diligent practice schedule , practicing 8 hours a day , 5 days a week for the remainder of the year .
The results immediately paid off . In the summer of 1964 he finished second in the French Open to Argentine legend Roberto De Vicenzo , taking him to a playoff . On 28 June 1964 he won the Dunlop Masters at Royal Birkdale Golf Club by one stroke . He built a 4-shot lead on the front nine but nearly lost it all . However two strong pars on the last two holes assured a one shot win . He was the only player to match par ( 288 ) on the esteemed course . One week later , on 4 July , he won the qualifier for the 1964 Open Championship earning him entry to his first major championship . He also won a number of events on the Australian circuit that fall . On 21 September 1964 , he won the Lake Karrinyup Bowl by one stroke over Australian veteran Kel Nagle . On 26 October 1964 , he won the Wills Masters in dramatic fashion over American star Jack Nicklaus and Australian Bruce Devlin . Legrange built an eight shot lead on the front nine but after a three-putt on the 16th he had nearly lost it all to playing partner Nicklaus . He dramatically birdied the last two holes , however , to shoot an even par 73 wins by three . He earned 4,000 pounds in the victory . Finally , on 8 December 1964 , at the Wattie 's Tournament in New Zealand , he tied Bill Dunk for a third and final victory down under . He was two behind on the 71st hole but eagled it and then went up and down for par at the last . This extraordinary play earned him a special foreign invitation to the 1965 Masters Tournament .
His 1965 season did not meet the same heights but was still quite good . At the Pringle of Scotland Tournament in June , after an opening round 66 ( -6 ) , he led wire-to-wire to defeat two players by three shots . He also finished runner-up at the French Open again , losing to Spanish professional Ramón Sota by a stroke . Once again he earned a special foreign invitation to the Masters .
The following year he finally won in his homeland at the 1966 Western Province Open . He was also runner-up at the South African Open that year . He would become a mainstay on the South African circuit , ultimately winning several times over the next decade .
1969 was one of his final great years on the international circuit . Early in the calendar year he won the Western Province Open for the second and final time . In July , at the 1969 Open Championship , he recovered from a disastrous 79 in the opening round to finish T-11 , actually outscoring the rest of the field over the last three rounds . This would be his best showing in a major championship . Later in the summer he would finish runner-up at the German Open to Frenchman Jean Garaïalde and to Englishman Peter Butler at the R.T.V . International Trophy . He would record his final victory in Europe in September , winning the Dunlop Masters for the second time . Like his first Dunlop Masters win he built a big lead , but this time easily held on to it despite bogeying two of the last three holes .
Legrande 's final good years were in the early 1970s . At the 1971 South African PGA Championship , one of South Africa 's elite Triple Crown events , he finished runner-up , one shot back to compatriot Tienie Britz . Two weeks later he won the Holiday Inns Royal Swazi Sun Open , an official event on the South African Tour held in Mbabane , Swaziland . Legrange tied compatriot Denis Hutchinson after regulation play with a 273 total and then defeated Hutchinson on the second playoff hole . The next year he nearly defended his title in Swaziland , coming up a shot short of American pro John Buczek . He would also finish runner-up at the Western Province Open , at event he won twice , in 1972 and 1974 . Legrange 's final win was at the 1974 Schoeman Park Open .
Legrange was known for being an extremely deliberate player with an unusual swing process . According to a Scottish golf writer his process was to `` fall back on the right foot , drag the club some two feet along the ground , and stop , then restart . '' By the mid-1970s , however , this method had become far too deliberate and Legrange suffered a severe loss of confidence in his backswing . He would often refuse to complete a shot , stepping away from the ball even after taking the clubhead away from the ball . Naturally , his form tailed off and he would not win again .
After he retired as a touring professional he worked as a club professional at Randpark Golf Club near Johannesburg . In addition he worked as a television commentator , golf course designer , and golf coach .
Professional wins
South African circuit wins ( 9 )
1966 Western Province Open
1967 Natal Open , General Motors Open
1968 Rhodesian Dunlop Masters , Transvaal Open , General Motors Open
1969 Western Province Open
1971 Holiday Inns Royal Swazi Sun Open
1974 Schoeman Park Open
Australian circuit wins ( 3 )
1964 Wills Masters , Wattie 's Tournament ( tie with Bill Dunk ) , Lake Karrinyup Bowl
European circuit wins ( 5 )
note : this list may be incomplete
1964 Dunlop Masters , Engadine Open
1965 Pringle of Scotland Tournament
1966 Senior Service Tournament
1969 Dunlop Masters
Results in major championships
Note : Legrange never played in the PGA Championship .
CUT = missed the half-way cut
`` T '' = tied
Team appearances
World Cup ( representing South Africa ) : 1968
References
South African male golfers
People from Boksburg
Sportspeople from Gauteng
1942 births
Living people
Zacharias Conrad von Uffenbach ( 22 February 1683 – 6 January 1734 ) was a German scholar , bibliophile , book-collector , traveller , palaeographer , and consul in Frankfurt am Main who is best known today for his published travelogues .
Biography
He was born in lawyer 's family . His younger brother Johann Friedrich von Uffenbach accompanied him on his travels .
Uffenbach described 18th-century curiosity cabinets and scientific collections that later became the basis for museums , such as the private collection of Hans Sloane , that later was absorbed into what today is the British Museum . In 1710 he visited Cambridge and Oxford to examine manuscripts in University libraries , as well as the Repository of the Royal Society in London . While in England he made detailed catalogues of all the books contained in the Peterhouse Library of Cambridge University .
His Merkwürdige Reisen durch Niedersachsen , Holland und Engelland was published in 1753 and related his travels during the years 1709-1711 through the towns Hassel ( Bergen ) , Goslar , Clausthal-Zellerfeld , Blankenburg , Quedlinburg , Halberstadt , Magdeburg , Helmstadt , Braunschweig , Wolfenbuttel , Salzdahlum , Hildesheim , Hannover , Herrenhausen , Zelle , Lüneburg , Rakeburg , Lübeck , Hamburg , Stade , Bremen , Emden , Groningen , Leeuwarden , Franeker , Harlingen , Bolsward , Zwolle , Deventer , Harderwijk , Amersfoort , Utrecht , Amsterdam , Leiden , Rotterdam , Delft , The Hague , Haarlem , London , Greenwich , Cambridge , Oxford , Hampton Court , Kensington , Woodstock , Richmond , London , Düsseldorf , and Cologne . In the Netherlands he met with Campegius Vitringa , Pieter Burman the Elder , , Antonie van Leeuwenhoek , Prosper Marchand , Bernard Picart , Jakob Gronovius , Herman Boerhaave , Johannes Musschenbroeck ( father of the scientist Pieter van Musschenbroek ) , and Frederick Ruysch . In England he met with Hans Sloane .
Uffenbach collected a big collection of oriental manuscripts . In 1711 his library contained about 12.000 books . After his death Johann Christoph Wolf acquired his collection .
Works
Zacharias Conrad von Uffenbach , Merckwürdige Reisen , Bd . 2 ( published after the authors death in Ulm , 1753 ) .
Zacharias Conrad von Uffenbach , Merckwürdige Reisen , Bd . 3 ( published after the authors death in Ulm , 1754 ) .
See also
Minuscule 101
Uncial 0121b
References
Further reading
Hermann , Leben Herrn Zacharias Conrad von Uffenbach etc . Ulm 1753 ( Sonderabdruck aus dem ersten Bande der „ Merkwürdigen Reisen “ ) . – Jöcher , Allgem . Gel.-Lex. , Leipzig 1750 f. , IV , 1562 . – Gwinner , Kunst und Künstler in Frankfurt a. M. Frankf . 1862 , S. 263 .
Quarrell , W. H. & Mare Margaret ( trans & ed ) . London in 1710 , From the Travels of Zacharias Conrad von Uffenbach . London : Faber & Faber Limited .
External links
Zacharias Conrad von Uffenbach ( 1683-1734 )
Ernst Kelchner , Zacharias Konrad von Uffenbach , Die von Uffenbach'schen Manuscripte auf der Stadtbibliothek zu Frankfurt a. M. , Frankfurt a. M. , Frankfurt 1860 .
Cambridge under Queen Anne
1683 births
1734 deaths
German scholars
Writers from Frankfurt
Book and manuscript collectors
German travel writers
German male non-fiction writers
Tagarata , was a Roman era civitas of the Roman province of Africa Proconsularis .
The ancient town has been tentatively identified with ruins either at Tell El-Caid , one of three tell at Aïn-Tlit or Henchir Kahloulta in the region of Carthage , Tunisia .
The ancient town is known to history as the home of the Donatist Bishop Donato , who intervened at the Council of Carthage ( 411 ) , it seems that time the town had no Catholic bishop .
The bishopric exists today only as a titular see of the Roman Catholic Church .
References
Roman towns and cities in Africa ( Roman province )
Catholic titular sees in Africa
Helsinki Thunder was a temporary street circuit located in Helsinki , Finland . The circuit was conceived by former racing driver Robert Lappalainen . From 1995 to 1997 , it hosted events in the FIA GT Championship , Deutsche Tourenwagen Meisterschaft and International Formula 3000 Championship .
Lap records
The official race lap records at the Helsinki Thunder are listed as :
References
External links
Track information
Buildings and structures in Helsinki
Defunct motorsport venues in Finland
USS Sea Otter I ( IX-51 ) was a vessel of the United States Navy prior to World War II . The ship was built by Jakobson Shipyard , Oyster Bay , New York and launched on 24 May 1941 . Prior to her completion , Sea Otter I had been offered to the Navy for use as a district craft for experimental purposes by her owner , Mr. Roland L. Redmond , of New York City .
Service history
Acquired by the US Navy on 29 May 1941 , she was placed in service on 9 July 1941 . Sea Otter I operated in waters of the 3rd Naval District . She was placed out of service on 6 November 1941 and struck from the Navy List on 24 June 1942 . Sea Otters provision unit was shipped to the Naval Engineering Experimental Station in Annapolis , Maryland , and her hull was scrapped .
Sources
External links
Photo gallery at navsource.org
Unclassified miscellaneous vessels of the United States Navy
Ships built in Oyster Bay , New York
1941 ships
Asbury Methodist Church , also known as Asbury Memorial Church and Asbury Methodist Episcopal Church South , is a historic Methodist church located at Raynham , Robeson County , North Carolina . It was built in 1861 , and is a one-story , timber-frame building in a modest Greek Revival style . It measures approximately 40 feet by 50 feet and features a prominent , projecting , pedimented front gable supported by five posts . Adjacent to the church is the contributing cemetery with approximately 200 marked graves . The oldest grave dates to 1848 .
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2009 .
References
Methodist churches in North Carolina
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in North Carolina
Greek Revival church buildings in North Carolina
Churches completed in 1861
19th-century Methodist church buildings in the United States
Buildings and structures in Robeson County , North Carolina
National Register of Historic Places in Robeson County , North Carolina
1861 establishments in North Carolina
Xindian ( ) is a township-level division situated in Ren County , Xingtai , Hebei , China .
See also
List of township-level divisions of Hebei
References
Township-level divisions of Hebei
Charles Vincent Fornes ( January 22 , 1844 – May 22 , 1929 ) was an American educator and politician who served three terms as a United States representative from New York from 1907 to 1913 .
Early life and career
Born on a farm near Williamsville , Erie County , he attended the public schools , and was graduated from Union Academy ( in Lockport ) in 1864 .
He moved to Buffalo in 1866 , taught school in a district school , and then served as principal of a Buffalo public school for three years . He was employed as a clerk for a wholesale woolen merchant in Buffalo and later established a similar business for himself . In 1877 he moved to New York City and engaged in business as an importer and jobber of woolens .
He was president of the board of aldermen of New York City from 1902 to 1907 , and was trustee and director of several banks and corporations .
Congress
Fornes was elected as a Democrat to the 60th , 61st , and 62nd sessions of Congress , holding office from March 4 , 1907 to March 3 , 1913 . He declined to be a candidate for renomination in 1912 .
Later career and death
He resumed his former business pursuits in New York City . He retired from active business in 1926 and returned to Buffalo , where he died in 1929 ; interment was in United German and French Roman Catholic Cemetery , Pine Hill , Buffalo .
References
External links
1844 births
1929 deaths
Politicians from Buffalo , New York
New York City Council members
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from New York ( state )
Members of the United States House of Representatives from New York ( state )
Sagure is a town in south-eastern Ethiopia . Located in the Arsi Zone of the Oromia , this town has a latitude and longitude of with an elevation of 2568 meters above sea level . It is the administrative center of Digeluna Tijo , woreda .
Based on figures from the Central Statistical Agency in 2005 , Sagure has an estimated total population of 9960 of whom 4597 were males and 5363 were females . The 1994 census reported this town had a total population of 5,582 of whom 2,493 were males and 3,089 were females .
Records at the Nordic Africa Institute website include the results of a survey performed by members of the Chilalo Agricultural Development Union . In April 1967 they reported that Sagure had about 400 households with a little more than 1,300 settled inhabitants , but there could be 8,000 visitors on the market day . Of individuals older than 10 , about 50 % of the males and 10 % of the females could read and write ; one quarter of the family heads had attended school at some period . The inhabitants were about 50 % Oromo and 30 % Amhara , of whom only 10 % did not belong to the Ethiopian Orthodox Church .
Notes
Populated places in the Oromia Region
Cities and towns in Ethiopia
Cities and towns in Oromia Region
Jeff Eisenberg ( born June 27 , 1956 ) is an American businessman and former ice hockey executive . He is currently the president of Eisenberg , Vital & Ryze Advertising of Manchester , New Hampshire .
Eisenberg got his start in as a professional manager in sports in baseball , as the general assistant manager of the Holyoke Millers in 1980 . He was the president of the Portland Pirates of the American Hockey League ( AHL ) from 1998 to 2000 . Prior to the 2000–01 season , he was hired as president of the AHL 's Manchester Monarchs as the team 's first employee , staying in that position until 2010 when he was succeeded by Darren Abbott .
Awards and honours
References
External links
Jeff Eisenberg 's profile at EliteProspects.com
1956 births
Living people
American Hockey League
Manchester Monarchs
Portland Pirates
Sportspeople from Holyoke , Massachusetts
Sportspeople from Memphis , Tennessee
Nikolai Maximovich Fomin ( , ; born 1937 in Novoekonomichne , Donetsk Oblast , Ukrainian SSR ) is a Ukrainian engineer .
He was the chief engineer of the Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant from 1981 until the Chernobyl nuclear disaster in 1986 .
Biography
Nikolai Fomin was a member of the CPSU , but was expelled after the Chernobyl disaster . He started his career at the Zaporizhzhia Nuclear Power Plant . In 1972 he began working at the Chernobyl nuclear power plant . As chief engineer , he approved the infamous turbine safety test that led to the explosion of the reactor . However , the deputy chief engineer Anatoly Dyatlov was the principal person responsible for the test .
Fomin learned of the accident at about 4 am on April 26 , 1986 , and subsequently participated in cleaning up the aftermath . He was subsequently arrested together with plant director Viktor Bryukhanov . The start of the trial , originally scheduled for March 24 , 1987 , had to be postponed several times due to Fomin 's suicide attempt . Eventually , he and Bryukhanov were each sentenced to 10 years in prison .
While in prison , Fomin received psychiatric treatment several times . For health reasons , he was released from prison early and transferred to a psychiatric hospital . After his release from the hospital , he worked at the Kalinin Nuclear Power Plant . Since his retirement in mid-2000 , he has lived with his wife , children and grandchildren in Udomlya .
While the initial Soviet investigation put almost all the blame on the operators and management , later findings by the IAEA found that the reactor design and how the operators were informed of safety information was more significant . However , the operators were found to have deviated from operational procedures , changing test protocols on the fly , as well as having made `` ill judged '' actions , making human factors a major contributing factor .
In popular culture
In the television series Chernobyl , he is portrayed by Adrian Rawlins .
References
Nuclear engineers
Soviet engineers
20th-century Ukrainian engineers
1937 births
Living people
The anterior ethmoidal foramen is a small opening in the ethmoid bone in the skull .
Lateral to either olfactory groove are the internal openings of the anterior and posterior ethmoidal foramina ( or canals ) .
The anterior ethmoidal foramen , situated about the middle of the lateral margin of the olfactory groove , transmits the anterior ethmoidal artery , vein and nerve .
The anterior ethmoidal nerve , a branch of the nasociliary nerve , runs in a groove along the lateral edge of the cribriform plate to the above-mentioned slit-like opening .
References
External links
( ) ( # 5 )
Foramina of the skull
`` Just Because '' is a song by American R & B singer Ginuwine . It was co-written by Greg Lawson and Damon Sharpe and recorded for his third studio album The Life ( 2001 ) . Production on the track was helmed by Ric Wake , with additional production by Richie Jones . The song was released as the album 's second international single in August 2001 . `` Just Because '' reached the top 20 of the New Zealand Singles Chart .
Background
`` Just Because '' was written by Ginuwine along with Greg Lawson and Damon Sharpe , while production was overseen by Ric Wake . Lawson and Richie Jones were also credited as additional producers . In a 2016 interview , Ginuwine commented on the song : `` I hate that song . My label made me do that . There were deals made and I was like ' I 'll do it . ' I had to do a video for it too . Have you seen the video ? They were trying to make me Pop . Now I see what they were trying to do . Back in the day , I was like ' I want to do this ! . ' It 's alright though . ''
Track listing
Notes
denotes additional producer
Credits and personnel
Credits lifted from the liner notes of The Life .
Ginuwine – vocals , writer
Richie Jones – additional production
Greg Lawson – additional production , writer
Damon Sharpe – writer
Ric Wake – producer
Charts
References
2001 singles
Ginuwine songs
Songs written by Ginuwine
Songs written by Damon Sharpe
Song recordings produced by Ric Wake
Epic Records singles
2001 songs
Princeton Academy of the Sacred Heart is an independent school for boys in Kindergarten through Grade 8 . Located in Princeton , New Jersey the school is part of the Network of Sacred Heart Schools .
The school is divided into two sections : a Lower School ( Kindergarten through Grade 4 ) and a Middle School ( Grade 5 through Grade 8 ) . As of the 2012–13 school year , the school had an enrollment of 219 students and 27 classroom teachers ( on an FTE basis ) , for a student-teacher ratio of 8:1 .
Princeton Academy has been accredited by the Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools since 2003 . It is overseen by the New Jersey Department of Education and is a member of the Network of the Sacred Heart Schools , the National Association of Independent Schools , the New Jersey Association of Independent Schools , the Association of Delaware Valley Independent Schools , the International Boys ' Schools Coalition ( IBSC ) , the Council for Spiritual and Ethical Education , the Council for Advancement and Support of Education , and the Educational Records Bureau .
Mission
Princeton Academy 's mission is to develop young men with active and creative minds , a sense of understanding and compassion for others , and the courage to act on their beliefs . The school stresses the total development of each child : spiritual , moral , intellectual , social , emotional , and physical .
The school 's philosophy is rooted in the tradition of the Society of the Sacred Heart , which educates children to become leaders of a just society by adhering to the following five goals :
A personal and active faith in God
A deep respect for intellectual values
A social awareness which impels to action
The building of community as a Christian value
Personal growth in an atmosphere of wise freedom
Academics
The instruction at Princeton Academy is designed to build on skills and knowledge gained in the preceding grades , in a way both developmentally appropriate and progressively challenging .
Lower School curriculum
Language Arts
The foundation of the Princeton Academy language arts curriculum is the belief that language arts are integral to the learning process of any subject at any level . Boys at Princeton Academy have ample opportunity and time to read and write independently , as well as to experience excellent modeling of reading and writing . The Junior Great Books program assists in reinforcing high-level comprehension skills . The Lower School also employs Word Journeys and Words Their Way , developmental spelling and phonics programs based on the philosophy that understanding of the printed word occurs in clear stages . Instruction is designed to meet the specific needs of each boy . Handwriting Without Tears meets the fine motor needs of boys through its clear , simple letter formation and interactive learning style .
Science and mathematics
Everyday Math emphasizes a balance between learning concepts , skills , and problem-solving . In each grade level , content is divided into six strands : number and numeration , operations and computation , data and chance , measurement , geometry and patterns , functions , and algebra .
Through FOSS inquiry-based science , the boys develop skills of observation , documentation , data collection , and data analysis . Curriculum connections to science and social studies units that are studied in the regular classroom assist in developing content knowledge through varied means .
Foreign language
Students are introduced to Spanish beginning in Kindergarten , and by third grade are attending classes four days a week for 30 minutes . Instruction occurs through games , songs , and literature , with a focus on conversational skills . Students are gradually introduced to the printed word and in third grade begin to read and write in Spanish .
Other subjects
All Princeton Academy students attend religion , music , art , and physical education for two periods a week .
Middle School Curriculum
The Middle School program consists of five core academic subjects : English , mathematics , science , social studies , and Spanish . There are four special subjects : religion , music , art , and physical education .
English
The English program promotes an understanding and appreciation of literature and strengthens basic writing skills . Students read and study fiction of various genres , non-fiction , short stories from the Junior Great Books program , plays , poetry , and films . In response to literature , students acquire thinking , planning , drafting , and editing skills through expository , narrative , and creative writing . Students also continue to study English grammar , spelling , and vocabulary .
Mathematics
The Middle School mathematics program uses the University of Chicago Mathematics Project . This program uses a multi-dimensional approach emphasizing skills , properties , uses , and representations . The program stresses problem-solving and the use of real-life applications .
Science
The science program promotes an active learning process where students build a strong
knowledge of scientific processes , principles , and ideas , as well as develop inquiry skills for problem-solving in both an analytical and creative manner . A highlight of the Princeton Academy science program is the Independent Science Project ( ISP ) .
Social Studies
The social studies program aims to develop and strengthen students ' skills in reading and research , observation and listening , recording and organization , interpretation and analysis , and clarity in written work . Students are encouraged to think critically , formulate their own opinions about the past , and apply what they have learned to the present day .
Foreign Language
The Middle School Spanish program presents an integrated skill approach to Spanish . Both receptive ( listening and reading ) and productive ( speaking and writing ) proficiencies are developed . Students in Princeton Academy 's 8th grade participate in the International Sacred Heart Exchange Program with a Sacred Heart school in Barcelona , the Colegio Sagrado Corazon de Sarria .
Athletics
Princeton Academy offers competitive sports teams for students in the Middle School ( grades 5–8 ) . The mission of the athletic program is to provide opportunities in which students can acquire skills , experience leadership , and grow personally . All students are encouraged to participate and to learn to balance academics , athletics , and the arts . The goal of the Athletic Department is to provide a positive experience for the boys on the field of competition . Every boy , from the novice to the advanced player , has the opportunity to participate in the program .
Princeton Academy offers the following sports :
Fall
Golf
Cross Country
Soccer
Winter
Basketball
Squash
Wrestling
Spring
Baseball
Lacrosse
Tennis
Community service
Princeton Academy embraces the approach of Service Learning . This is a “ teaching and learning strategy that integrates meaningful community service with instruction and reflection to enrich the learning experience , teach civic responsibility , and strengthen communities ” . From JK – grade 8 , students are involved in community service both for the school community and the community at large , with many of the activities created , designed , and implemented by the boys themselves under faculty guidance .
History
Incorporation
Princeton Academy was incorporated in October 1998 and opened its doors in September 1999 with 34 students in grades K- 3 .
Campus
Princeton Academy is located on a 48-acre site approximately 3 miles from downtown Princeton , New Jersey . The Kalkus House , where the admission and administrative offices are located , was built in 1930 by Matthews Construction Company and designed by the architect Rolf Bauhan for Helen and Thomas Dignan . The Dignans owned the house until 1947 , at which time it was sold to the Marianites of Holy Cross . The property was called Our Lady of Princeton until it was sold to Princeton Academy of the Sacred Heart in the late 1990s .
The new Athletic and Convocation Center was dedicated in December 2006 . The William E. Simon chapel library was designed by Richardson Smith Architects and was dedicated in January 2008 . The William E. Simon chapel library features a five-panel silk painting of the Mater created by Princeton-area artist Juanita Yoder . It is customary for schools within the Sacred Heart network to display a painting of the Mater . Princeton Academy 's representation of the Mater was inspired by a fresco of the Mater Admirabilis which was created in 1844 and is hanging in the Trinita dei Monti in Rome , Italy .
The Manor House was renamed to the Kalkus House in the spring of 2015 in honor of the then-headmaster , Olen Kalkus .
In 2012 the school began drilling geothermal wells to reduce energy costs .
2012-2014 Renovation
Starting June 2012 , the campus became a construction site as the school 's so-called Master Plan was carried out . Years of needs assessments , feasibility studies , and financial estimates have translated into a two-phase renovation project that positioned the school for future growth and employed smart energy alternatives to conserve resources . The 2012–13 school year for students started amidst of construction vehicles , high-tech machinery , underground conduits , and demolition crews . Far from being a distraction , the activity has actually benefitted the boys academically . Thanks to architects and educators who recognized a unique `` teachable moment , '' students learned first-hand about building , geophysics , and environmental stewardship .
Phase One of the Master Plan called for a complete renovation of one wing of the school and the creation of new lower and middle school classrooms , two science labs , and common spaces . In addition , a geothermal field is being installed to provide for the school 's future cooling and heating needs . In Phase Two , work was done to move to the school 's central wing where new art and music rooms and administrative offices were created .
Green and sustainable features of the project included a geothermal field to more efficiently heat and cool the school , a layer of closed cell spray insulation in exterior walls , insulated glass units in the windows , an updated roof design to allow more natural light and provide space for photovoltaic panels to be placed in the future , and compact fluorescent and LED light fixtures with occupancy sensors in each room .
During construction , classes and administrative offices had been moved around and some had overflowed into the Manor House , but with completion in the Fall of 2013 , students , faculty , and staff moved back into the renovated space .
Green Initiatives/Sustainability
Since its beginning , Princeton Academy has kept stewardship of the environment at the forefront of its growth and development . It has achieved this in a variety of ways . Princeton Academy challenged the `` required '' number of paved parking spaces for the school , with the result being that rather than have a giant parking lot on the beautiful campus , grassy areas could be retained and used as temporary spaces during the few times every year when additional parking is needed . Additionally , Princeton Academy petitioned the Township to minimize the number of lights along the driveway in order to support a `` dark sky '' philosophy . Because of these early initiatives , Princeton Academy and the surrounding community benefit from the natural habitats that flourish in large undeveloped meadows and enjoy incredible stargazing from the campus .
Princeton Academy 's science program has a strong emphasis on understanding the environment and ecosystems . Recent building and renovation projects have provided a wealth of hands-on , on-site science lessons , including a greenhouse designed to be a stand-alone structure requiring no man-made heating input . It works by facing south and absorbing heat into a tank of water during the day and releasing that heat at night . The Athletic and Convocation Center was built with an asymmetrical roof with a much larger area facing south , upon which solar panels can be placed in the future . It was built as deep into the ground as possible to take advantage of heat transfer , and , due to large windows on the north wall , uses mainly natural light during the day .
Renovation and construction have heavily influenced design choices and plans . The 2012–13 school year began while 40 geothermal wells were being drilled on campus which , when connected , will allow the school to cut back drastically on the carbon footprint of its HVAC . One wing of the school building has a redesigned roofline to allow for larger north facing windows and a sloped roof to the south which provides greater surface area for solar panels . Data from both the geothermal wells and the school 's lighting system appears on a dashboard in a common area so the school community can track energy usage and level savings that result from adjustments to use .
References
Schools in Princeton , New Jersey
1998 establishments in New Jersey
Educational institutions established in 1998
Boys ' schools in New Jersey
New Jersey Association of Independent Schools
Private elementary schools in New Jersey
Private middle schools in New Jersey
Private schools in Mercer County , New Jersey
Roman Catholic Diocese of Trenton
Catholic elementary schools in New Jersey
Sacred Heart schools in the United States
Oleh Ihorovych Pestryakov ( ; ; born 5 August 1974 ) is a Ukrainian professional football coach and a former player .
Club career
He made his professional debut in the Ukrainian Second League in 1992 for FC Yavir Krasnopilya .
Honours
Ukrainian Premier League champion : 2002 .
Ukrainian Premier League runner-up : 2000 , 2001 , 2003 .
European club competitions
UEFA Intertoto Cup 1999 with FC Rostselmash Rostov-on-Don : 4 games .
2002–03 UEFA Champions League qualification with FC Shakhtar Donetsk : 1 game .
References
1974 births
People from Yevpatoria
Living people
Ukrainian footballers
Association football midfielders
Ukrainian expatriate footballers
FC Spartak Sumy players
PFC CSKA Moscow players
FC Arsenal Kyiv players
FC Rostov players
FC Shakhtar Donetsk players
FC Spartak Moscow players
FC Metalurh Zaporizhzhia players
SC Tavriya Simferopol players
Expatriate footballers in Russia
Russian Premier League players
Ukrainian Premier League players
Ukrainian First League players
Juan Carlos Cuminetti ( born May 27 , 1967 ) is a retired volleyball player from Argentina . He was a member of the men 's national team that claimed the bronze medal in Seoul , South Korea , wearing the number # 11 jersey .
References
Profile
1967 births
Argentine men 's volleyball players
Argentine people of Italian descent
Living people
Olympic volleyball players of Argentina
Volleyball players at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Olympic bronze medalists for Argentina
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Olympic medalists in volleyball
Medalists at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Pan American Games medalists in volleyball
Pan American Games bronze medalists for Argentina
Medalists at the 1991 Pan American Games
20th-century Argentine people
21st-century Argentine people
In Love With These Times is a compilation of previously released songs by artists on New Zealand based Flying Nun Records . It was released by Flying Nun in 1990 and re-released in a 2CD package with the 1991 compilation Pink Flying Saucers Over the Southern Alps . The CD version released by Flying Nun Europe contained an additional six tracks which were omitted from the re-release .
Track listing
`` Rain '' - The Chills
`` She Speeds '' - Straitjacket Fits
`` Cactus Cat '' - Look Blue Go Purple
`` Flex '' - Jean-Paul Sartre Experience
`` North By North '' - The Bats
`` Trouble With Kay '' - Sneaky Feelings
`` Slow Sad Love Song '' - Verlaines
`` Grader Spader '' - Bailter Space
`` Donka '' - Headless Chickens
`` What Was That Thing ? '' - Able Tasmans
`` A.F.F.C.O . '' - The Skeptics
`` Hang On '' - Snapper
`` The Slide '' - Tall Dwarfs
Additional tracks on Flying Nun Europe CD edition
`` Barlow 's House '' - Dead Famous People
`` The Boy With the Sad Hands '' - Jay Clarkson
`` Jaffa Boy '' - Bird Nest Roys
`` Mothlight '' - The Terminals
`` Immigration Song '' - This Kind of Punishment
`` The Wheel '' - The Dead C
References
Flying Nun re-release announcement
TV Commercial for `` In Love with These Times '' ( 1989 ) by Brilliant Films .
Compilation albums by New Zealand artists
Dunedin Sound albums
1990 compilation albums
Rock compilation albums
Flying Nun Records compilation albums
Kathleen Mary Lindsay ( 1903-1973 ) , was an English writer of historical romance novels . For some years she held the record as the most prolific novelist in history . According to Guinness World Records ( 1986 edition , where they refer to her under pen name of `` Mary Faulkner '' ) , she wrote 904 books under eleven pen names . This record has since been surpassed .
Life
Kathleen Mary Lindsay was born in Aldershot , Hampshire , England . She was married at least three times , one of her husbands being Percy Edward Jeffryes . She wrote under all three married names as well as eight other pen names , using names of both sexes . These included Mary Faulkner , Margaret Cameron , Mary Richmond , Molly Waring , Betty Manvers , Elizabeth Fenton , Nigel Mackenzie and Hugh Desmond .
She seems to have lived in Western Australia and New Zealand at various times , however she later lived in Somerset West , Cape Province , South Africa , where she died .
Works
Her titles include There is No Yesterday and Wind of Desire .
In 1961 , Lindsay was accused of plagiarism by the author Georgette Heyer , after a reader identified similarities between Lindsay 's book Winsome Lass and Heyer 's works . Heyer sent a summary of the similarities to Lindsay 's publisher , Robert Lusty of Hurst & Blackett , prompting Lindsay to reply , `` What does it all amount to ? About four incidents and two lines . '' Lindsay 's dismissive response inspired Heyer to provide a detailed eleven-page analysis of the alleged plagiarisms cross-referenced against eight of her own novels to her solicitor , who recommended an injunction . The case never made it to court .
References
Sources and external links
FantasticFiction
AustLit
Classic Crime Fiction
Crime Fiction IV : A Comprehensive Bibliography , 1749–2000
1903 births
1973 deaths
Writers from Aldershot
English women novelists
Pseudonymous women writers
20th-century English women writers
20th-century English novelists
20th-century pseudonymous writers
Gregor Tarkovič ( ; 19 November 1754 – 16 January 1841 ) was a Slovak Greek Catholic hierarch . He was the first bishop of the new created Slovak Catholic Eparchy of Prešov from 1818 to 1841 .
Born in Pasika , Kingdom of Hungary ( present day – Ukraine ) in the Ruthenian family in 1754 , he was ordained a priest on 1 January 1779 for the Ruthenian Catholic Eparchy of Mukacheve . He was confirmed as the first Bishop of the new created Eparchy by the Holy See on 2 October 1818 . He was consecrated to the Episcopate on 17 June 1821 . The principal consecrator was Bishop Oleksiy Povchiy .
He died in Prešov on 16 January 1841 .
References
1754 births
1841 deaths
People from Zakarpattia Oblast
19th-century Eastern Catholic bishops
Slovak Greek Catholic bishops
Cross-country skiing at the 1992 Winter Paralympics consisted of 27 events , 19 for men and 8 for women .
Medal table
Medal summary
The competition events were :
2.5 km : - women
5 km : men - women
10 km : men - women
20 km : men
30 km : men
3x2.5 km relay : men
3x5 km relay : men
4x5 km relay : men
Each event had separate standing , sitting , or visually impaired classifications :
LW2 - standing : single leg amputation above the knee
LW3 - standing : double leg amputation below the knee , mild cerebral palsy , or equivalent impairment
LW4 - standing : single leg amputation below the knee
LW5/7 - standing : double arm amputation
LW6/8 - standing : single arm amputation
LW9 - standing : amputation or equivalent impairment of one arm and one leg
LW 10 - sitting : paraplegia with no or some upper abdominal function and no functional sitting balance
LW 11 - sitting : paraplegia with fair functional sitting balance
B1 - visually impaired : no functional vision
B2 - visually impaired : up to ca 3-5 % functional vision
B3 - visually impaired : under 10 % functional vision
Men 's events
Women 's events
See also
Cross-country skiing at the 1992 Winter Olympics
References
Winter Sport Classification , Canadian Paralympic Committee
1992 Winter Paralympics events
1992
Paralympics
The mausoleum of Baba Hatim was built in the 11th and 12th centuries . It is outside the town of Imam Sahib in Kunduz Province , Afghanistan , near its border with Tajikistan .
Restoration
The mausoleum was restored between 1978 and 1979 by the Délégation Archéologique Française en Afghanistan and l'Institut Afghan d'Archéologie . Prior to the restorations , the tomb was structurally unstable , with layers of bricks missing from the exterior 's upper walls . Excavating the walls to reveal their original height , the restoration team replaced the missing bricks , restoring the exterior 's original cubical shape and the four octagonal colonettes embedded at its corners . The dome was reassembled with new mortar , and refinished on the exterior with plaster and pairs of bricks protruding in four concentric rings . The dome 's circular and octagonal drums were also reconstructed , and a metal finial placed atop it .
Other names
The Baba Hatim Tomb is also known as Baba Hatem Ziyarat , Baba Hatom Ziarat , and Tomb of Salar Khalil ( Salar Kalil , Salar Chalil Sayyid ) .
References
Archnet
iranica.com
Emam Sahib - Baba Hatim Tomb
Ziyarat
Dargahs
Shrines in Afghanistan
This is a timeline of incidents in 2008 that have been labelled as `` terrorism '' and are not believed to have been carried out by a government or its forces ( see state terrorism and state-sponsored terrorism ) .
Guidelines
To be included , entries must be notable ( have a stand-alone article ) and described by a consensus of reliable sources as `` terrorism '' .
List entries must comply with the guidelines outlined in the manual of style under MOS : TERRORIST .
Casualties figure in this list are the total casualties of the incident including immediate casualties and later casualties ( such as people who succumbed to their wounds long after the attacks occurred ) .
Casualties listed are the victims . Perpetrator casualties are listed separately ( e.g . x ( +y ) indicate that x victims and y perpetrators were killed/injured ) .
Casualty totals may be underestimated or unavailable due to a lack of information . A figure with a plus ( + ) sign indicates that at least that many people have died ( e.g . 10+ indicates that at least 10 people have died ) – the actual toll could be considerably higher . A figure with a plus ( + ) sign may also indicate that over that number of people are victims .
If casualty figures are 20 or more , they will be shown in bold . In addition , figures for casualties more than 50 will also be underlined .
Incidents are limited to one per location per day . If multiple attacks occur in the same place on the same day , they will be merged into a single incident .
In addition to the guidelines above , the table also includes the following categories :
January
Total incidents :
February
Total incidents :
March
Total incidents :
April
Total incidents :
May
Total incidents :
June
Total incidents :
July
Total incidents :
August
Total incidents :
September
Total incidents :
October
Total incidents :
November
Total incidents :
December
Total incidents :
References
2008
2008
2008
2008-related lists
Stanislav Anatolyevich Lysenko ( ; born 8 January 1972 ) is a Russian professional football official and a former player .
Club career
He made his professional debut in the Soviet Second League B in 1990 for FC Kuban Barannikovsky .
Honours
Russian Cup winner : 2002 ( played in the early stages of the 2001/02 tournament for PFC CSKA Moscow ) .
Personal life
His son Nikita Lysenko is now a football player as well .
References
1972 births
Sportspeople from Krasnodar
Living people
Soviet footballers
Russian footballers
Association football defenders
Association football midfielders
FC Kuban Krasnodar players
FC Rubin Kazan players
PFC CSKA Moscow players
Russian Premier League players
FC Slavyansk Slavyansk-na-Kubani players
Lower Hutt Central Fire Station is a former fire station in Lower Hutt , New Zealand . When it was built in 1955 it was considered to be one of the most modern fire stations in the southern hemisphere .
The fire station is strongly influenced by the work of architect Frank Lloyd Wright . It was designed to represent a post war , modern city , with expanding industry and state housing projects .
The building along with the Lower Hutt town hall , civic administration building and war memorial library saw the city become a symbol of post-war modernist construction during the 1950s .
When the station first opened it included such features as a control room where the fire engines could be started and stopped remotely , and the appliance doors could open automatically . It was the first fire station in New Zealand to have the technology to record calls .
In the mid-2000s , the New Zealand Fire Service reviewed its coverage of Lower Hutt . On 15 January 2007 , the station closed along with fire stations at Petone and Point Howard , with crews and engines split between three new stations at Alicetown , Avalon and Seaview . These three career stations are backed up by volunteer brigades at Stokes Valley , Wainuiomata and Eastbourne .
Since then , the building has been unoccupied and suffered from vandalism . In 2010 the station was officially protected from demolition by the New Zealand Historic Places Trust ( since renamed to Heritage New Zealand ) .
The station was purchased by property developer Mike Friday in November 2015 , who is planning to renovate the station into apartments .
References
Fire stations completed in 1955
Buildings and structures in Lower Hutt
NZHPT Category I listings in the Wellington Region
Fire stations in New Zealand
1950s architecture in New Zealand
1955 establishments in New Zealand
Georgios Moustakopoulos ( ; born 13 August 1998 ) is a Greek professional footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for Super League 2 club AEK Athens B .
References
External links
Giorgos Moustakopoulos at worldfootball.net
Giorgos Moustakopoulos at pfc1891.gr
1998 births
Living people
Greek footballers
Greece under-21 international footballers
Greece youth international footballers
Football League ( Greece ) players
Super League Greece 2 players
Panachaiki F.C . players
Association football midfielders
Footballers from Patras
AEK Athens F.C . B players
TheGATE.ca , referred to as The GATE , is a Canadian online entertainment website that reports on movies , television , music , video games , leisure travel and events , with reviews , news , and interviews .
Launched in November 2000 , The GATE is owned and operated by W. Andrew Powell with contributions from a variety of writers , including author Christopher Heard , among other freelance contributors .
In 2022 , The GATE celebrated more than 20 years of publishing , sharing retrospective articles and social media posts featuring videos , photos , and audio from the publication 's archives . The publication also launched memberships on its website and YouTube channel .
In June 2014 , The GATE reported serving 124,000 unique visitors per month .
Major coverage highlights throughout the year include the Toronto International Film Festival , Juno Awards , the Academy Awards , and an annual series of Holiday Gift Guides .
History
Founded in 1999 as a small zine by W. Andrew Powell . The zine was available in bars and restaurants in downtown Toronto until 2003 .
The GATE covered music as the website 's main focus until 2001 when the website launched . At that time , the publication expanded to cover movies , followed by television , and video games by late in 2002 .
For several years , The GATE 's film reviews by Powell were syndicated to publications across Canada , including Lighthouse Publishing in Nova Scotia , CFB Esquimalt Lookout newspaper in British Columbia , and The Squamish Chief in Alberta .
Since 2001 , Powell has represented The GATE as a guest entertainment expert on U8TV 's Shower Hour , Much Music 's Ed 's Big Wham Bam , AM640 's travel radio program Planes , Trains and Automobiles , Hamilton 's CHAM 820 Nabuurs and Friends , and in Eye Weekly 's Annual Cross-Canada Music Critics Poll .
Notably in 2011 , Canadian newspaper advertising for the opening weekend of the Walt Disney Pictures release Pirates of the Caribbean : On Stranger Tides featured a quote from Powell , `` Pirates is back and it 's better than ever ! ''
On September 7 , 2012 , Government of Canada announced an investment of $ 15,000 `` through the Business Innovation component of the Canada Periodical Fund '' which was used `` to redesign its website , develop a marketing strategy , and expand its Canadian content . ''
The Government of Canada once more contributed to The GATE in 2014 , through the Business Innovation component of the Canada Periodical Fund , following an announcement on March 17 , 2014 . A total of $ 19,000 was contributed for marketing efforts related to The GATE 's 14th Anniversary Concert , which was held at The Great Hall in Toronto on June 26 , 2014 .
In November 2021 , Powell was accepted into the Critics Choice Association as a voting member .
In February 2022 , The GATE unveiled a new logo and branding .
Notable interviews
50 cent
Colin Farrell
Cobie Smulders
Priyanka Chopra
Tatiana Maslany
Edward James Olmos
Shawn Ashmore
Anna Silk
Melanie Berry , President and CEO of CARAS and MusiCounts
Beau Bridges
Bruce Campbell
Tom Felton
Terry Gilliam
Emm Gryner
Hugh Hefner
Stan Lee
Stuart McLean
Sam Neill
Jayde Nicole
Mickey Rourke
Kari Skogland
Kevin Smith
Brent Spiner
Riley Steele
Edgar Wright
Zim Zum
Statistics
TheGATE.ca is ranked in the top 25,000 most visited websites in Canada according to Alexa .
References
External links
TheGATE.ca
The GATE 's reviews on RottenTomatoes.com
2000 establishments in Ontario
Film magazines published in Canada
Canadian news websites
Canadian music websites
Magazines established in 2000
Magazines published in Toronto
Wilma B. Liebman ( born 1950 ) is an American lawyer and civil servant who is best known for serving as a Member of the National Labor Relations Board ( NLRB ) . She was designated Chair of the Board by President Barack Obama on January 20 , 2009 , becoming only the second woman to lead the NLRB .
Early life and career
Liebman was born in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , in 1950 . She received a bachelor 's degree from Barnard College in 1971 , and her J.D . from the George Washington University Law School in 1974 .
Immediately upon graduation from law school she was appointed a staff attorney with the National Labor Relations Board , and served with the agency until 1980 . She left the NLRB and was a senior attorney representing the International Brotherhood of Teamsters from 1980 to 1989 . In 1990 , Liebman became general counsel for the International Union of Bricklayers and Allied Craftworkers , a position she held for three years .
Federal executive service
Liebman returned to federal service in 1994 , becoming Special Assistant to the Director of the Federal Mediation and Conciliation Service ( FMCS ) . During this time , she served on the Mediator Task Force on the Future of FMCS , a group established to recommend a vision and strategic plan for the FMCS . In 1994 , she was appointed to a three-person panel by the National Mediation Board , and helped resolve the 1994–95 Major League Baseball strike in the U.S. and Canada . She was promoted to Deputy Director of the FMCS in 1995 and served for two years in that position . As Deputy Director , Liebman oversaw the agency 's operations ; supervised the heads of the alternative dispute resolution , arbitration , international affairs , and labor-management cooperation grants divisions ; and provided expertise and advice to the Director regarding major labor disputes .
President Bill Clinton appointed Liebman as a Member of the NLRB in October 1997 , and the United States Senate confirmed her on November 14 . She was reappointed by President George W. Bush in December 2002 . President Bush re-appointed her a third time in August 2006 for a term that will expire in August 2011 . Liebman often found herself in the minority on the NLRB from 2001 to 2008 , as the Republican-appointed majority overruled a number of precedents and made a number of policy decisions that appeared to favor employers . After a November 2007 protest by labor unions in front of the NLRB 's headquarters ( during which unions demanded the Board be abolished ) , Liebman became even more outspoken , arguing that the Board had made `` some rather dramatic shifts in [ labor ] policy ... what this board is doing is giving much more focus to the right to refrain [ from union organizing ] than the underlying policy goal of encouraging collective bargaining . '' She was outspoken as a Member about what she perceived to be the failings of the Republican majority on the Board during her first 10 years in office . `` By virtually all measures this law is derelict if not dead , '' she told a labor law conference in May 2007 . She felt that Chair Robert J. Battista had made the `` board and the board 's decision-making ... much more divisive '' . She clashed repeatedly with Battista during a hearing before the House Committee on Education and Labor in December 2007 , declaring `` Virtually every recent policy choice by the board impedes collective bargaining , creates obstacles to union representation or favors employer interests . '' `` Today , fewer workers have fewer rights and weaker remedies under the National Labor Relations Act , '' she continued . She also accused Battista and other Republican members of the Board of `` narrowly casting existing precedent '' and ignoring precedents `` if they stand in the way of a desired result . '' She portrayed the majority 's view of the law as contradictory to prevailing academic opinion . She was particularly critical of the NLRB 's recent decision in Dana Corp. , 351 NLRB No . 28 ( Sept. 29 , 2007 ) , which she felt broke precedent extending back to 1960 and under which a `` minority [ can ] undo what a majority has expressed a desire to do . ''
NLRB Chair
On his first day in office , President Barack Obama designated Liebman to be the NLRB 's Chair . She was the second woman to hold the position in the board 's 78-year history . During her first year as Chair , Liebman confronted a five-member Board which only had two members . Upon the expiration of three members ' terms in December 2007 , the NLRB operated with just two members—Liebman and Member Peter Schaumber . President George W. Bush refused to make some nominations to the Board and Senate Democrats refused to confirm others . Just before the Board lost a quorum , the five Members agreed to delegate their authority to a three-person panel ( as provided for by the National Labor Relations Act ) . Only two of the members of the panel ( Liebman and Schaumber ) would remain on the Board , but the Board concluded that these two members would constitute a quorum of the panel and thus could make decisions on behalf of the entire Board . Liebman and Schaumber informally agreed to decide only those cases which were noncontroversial ( in their view ) , and issued more than 400 decisions between January 2008 and September 2009 . In April 2009 , President Obama nominated Craig Becker ( Associate General Counsel of the Service Employees International Union ) , Mark Gaston Pearce ( a member on the Industrial Board of Appeals , an agency of the New York State Department of Labor ) , and Brian Hayes ( Republican Labor Policy Director for the Senate Committee on Health , Education , Labor and Pensions ) to fill the three empty seats on the NLRB . Meanwhile , the 1st Circuit Court of Appeals , 2nd Circuit Court of Appeals , and 7th Circuit Court of Appeals all upheld the two-member rump NLRB 's authority to decide cases , while the D.C . Circuit Court of Appeals did not . In September 2009 , the Justice Department asked the U.S. Supreme Court to immediately hear arguments concerning the dispute , given the high stakes involved . The Supreme Court granted certiorari in October and agreed to decide the issue . In the spring of 2010 , the Supreme Court ruled that the NLRB could have no quorum with just two members , likely invalidating hundreds of previous rulings made by Liebman and Schaumber . Becker 's nomination appeared to fail on February 8 , 2010 , after Republican Senators ( led by John McCain ) threatened to filibuster his nomination . President Obama said he would consider making recess appointments to the NLRB due to the Senate 's failure to move on any of the three nominations . True to his word , Obama on March 27 , 2010 recess appointed both Becker and Pearce to the NLRB .
During her tenure as Chair , Liebman called for Congress to update and revise the National Labor Relations Act , which has not undergone any fundamental revisions since 1947 . `` It is unrealistic to expect fundamental change in labor because we are constrained by the law 's statutory text , precedent , the review process and constant turnover of board members , '' she told a Congressional hearing in September 2009 .
Liebman stepped down as chair of the NLRB and as a member of the board when her term expired on August 27 , 2011 . President Obama named Mark Gaston Pearce as her replacement as chair .
Following her resignation from the NLRB , she became a Visiting Assistant Professor in the School of Labor and Employment Relations at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign .
Memberships
Liebman is a former executive board member of the Industrial Relations Research Association , and a former executive board member of the College of Labor and Employment Lawyers .
References
Citations
Sources
External links
`` Chairman Wilma B . Liebman . '' National Labor Relations Board .
1950 births
Barnard College alumni
George Washington University Law School alumni
Living people
National Labor Relations Board officials
Politicians from Philadelphia
Lawyers from Philadelphia
Lawyers from Washington , D.C .
Obama administration personnel
Events from the year 1683 in England .
Incumbents
Monarch – Charles II
Events
9 January – Charles II gives orders establishing the dates on which he will perform the `` Touching the King 's Evil '' ceremony .
22 March – great fire in Newmarket , Suffolk .
24 May – the Ashmolean Museum , Oxford , opens as the world 's first purpose-built university museum .
12 June – the Rye House Plot to assassinate Charles II is discovered ; at least 11 people will be executed for their connections with it .
21 July – Lord Russell is beheaded by Jack Ketch at Lincoln 's Inn Fields for his part in the Rye House Plot .
28 July – The Lady Anne , the King 's niece and fourth in line of succession , marries Prince George of Denmark in the Chapel Royal at St James 's Palace , London .
12 December – start of exceptional cold spell . The River Thames freezes , allowing a frost fair to be held ( pictured ) .
Undated
Wild boars are hunted to extinction in Britain .
The London Jilt ; or , the Politick Whore , probably by Alexander Oldys , is published .
Births
1 March – Caroline of Ansbach , queen of George II of Great Britain ( died 1737 )
3 April – Mark Catesby , naturalist ( died 1749 )
25 October – Charles FitzRoy , 2nd Duke of Grafton , politician ( died 1757 )
10 November – King George II of Great Britain ( died 1760 )
27 December – Conyers Middleton , minister ( died 1750 )
Deaths
15 January – Philip Warwick , writer and politician ( born 1609 )
21 January – Anthony Ashley-Cooper , 1st Earl of Shaftesbury , politician ( born 1621 )
19 March – Thomas Killigrew , dramatist ( born 1612 )
13 July – Arthur Capell , 1st Earl of Essex , statesman , implicated in Rye House Plot , suicide ( born 1631 )
18 August – Charles Hart , actor ( born 1625 )
21 July – William Russell , Lord Russell , politician , executed ( born 1639 )
24 August – John Owen , non-conformist theologian ( born 1616 )
25 October – William Scroggs , lord chief justice of England ( born c. 1623 )
7 December
John Oldham , poet ( born 1653 )
Algernon Sidney , parliamentarian and republican , executed ( born 1623 )
15 December – Izaak Walton , writer ( born 1593 )
References
Years of the 17th century in England
Hubert Ripka ( 26 July 1895 , Kobeřice u Brna – 7 January 1958 , London ) was a Czechoslovak politician , journalist , historian , and author .
Life
The son of a forester , Ripka was the diplomatic correspondent of the Czech newspaper Lidové Noviny in the mid-1930s and an adviser to Czechoslovakian president Edvard Beneš . An opponent of the Munich Agreement , Ripka moved to France after its signing and wrote Munich : Before and After , an indictment of the events . When France surrendered to German forces in 1940 , Ripka moved to England and became Secretary of State in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in the Czechoslovakian government-in-exile . After Germany 's defeat in 1945 , Ripka returned to Czechoslovakia and took office in the postwar government as Minister for Foreign Trade . He was also a member of the Constituent National Assembly of Czechoslovakia from 1946 to 1948 . With the Communist seizure of power in February 1948 Ripka left Czechoslovakia once more , remaining in exile until his death ten years later .
Works
`` Czechoslovakia : The Key to the Danubian Basin . '' The Slavonic and East European Review 17.49 ( 1938 ) : 54–72 . online
Munich : Before and After : A Fully Documented Czechoslovak Account of the Crises of September 1938 .... London : Gollancz , 1939
The Soviet-Czechoslovak treaty . London : Czechoslovak Ministry of Foreign Affairs , Information Service , 1943 - speech delivered before the State council on 15 December 1943
East and West . London : Lincolns-Prager , c1944
`` Czechoslovakia 's Attitude to Germany and Hungary . '' The Slavonic and East European Review 23.62 ( 1945 ) : 47–54 . online
Czechoslovakia Enslaved : The Story of the Communist Coup d'État . London : Victor Gollancz , 1950 online
Eastern Europe in the post-war world . Methuen , 1961
External links
1895 births
1958 deaths
People from Vyškov District
People from the Margraviate of Moravia
Czech National Social Party politicians
Members of the Interim National Assembly of Czechoslovakia
Members of the Constituent National Assembly of Czechoslovakia
Recipients of the Order of Tomáš Garrigue Masaryk
Government ministers of the Czechoslovak government-in-exile
Czechoslovak emigrants to the United Kingdom
1805 was the 19th season of cricket in England since the foundation of Marylebone Cricket Club ( MCC ) . Lord Frederick Beauclerk became the first batsman known to have scored two centuries in the same season .
Honours
Most runs – Lord Frederick Beauclerk 468 ( HS 129 * )
Most wickets – William Lambert 20
Events
Lord Frederick Beauclerk became the first batsman known to have scored two first-class centuries in a season when he made 129 * for Hampshire v All-England in July and 102 for All-England v Surrey in August .
In what was the first definitely recorded Eton v Harrow match at Lord 's Old Ground , the future poet Lord Byron played for Harrow .
With the Napoleonic War continuing , loss of investment and manpower impacted cricket and only six important matches have been recorded from 1805 :
Monday , 24 June : All-England v Surrey @ Lord 's Old Ground
Monday , 1 to Wednesday , 3 July : All-England v Hampshire @ Lord 's Old Ground
Monday , 8 to Wednesday , 10 July : All-England v The Bs @ Lord 's Old Ground
Monday , 15 to Tuesday , 16 July : All-England v Hampshire @ Lord 's Old Ground
Monday , 5 to Wednesday , 7 August : All-England XII v Surrey XII @ Lord 's Old Ground
Tuesday , 13 to Wednesday , 14 August : All-England XII v Surrey XII @ Lord 's Old Ground
Other matches
Aside from the six matches above which are generally regarded as having been important by reference to various substantial sources ( including the ACS , Britcher and Haygarth ) , there were eight other matches first noted by Britcher and confirmed by Haygarth :
22-25 July : Twenty-Three v Twelve at Lord 's
12 August : Richmond v Homerton at Richmond Green
21 August : Richmond v Homerton at Richmond Green
24 August : Rick & Uxbridge v St Albans at Lord Essex 's Park
29-30 August : Kent v Bexley at Dartford Heath
16-17 September : England III v Surrey III at Lord 's
21 September : Waltham Abbey v Homerton at Waltham Marsh , Essex
23 September : Kent v Bexley at Judge 's Ground , Maidstone
Debutants
1805 debutants included :
Windebank ( Hampshire )
References
Bibliography
1805 in English cricket
English cricket seasons from 1787 to 1815
Crooks ' Hollow Dam ( alternatively , Dundas Town Dam ) was a buttressed gravity dam , built of concrete in 1916 on Spencer Creek in Greensville , Ontario , Canada . About 100 yards upstream from the ruins of the much earlier Cockburn sawmill and dam , it replaced that dam in supplying water by pipe to Dundas for all uses . It also provided much greater flood control , and , more than the Cockburn dam , supplied a managed flow for water power users in the industries downstream . The Dundas Star commented on its completion : `` ... an excellent piece of work . It is now hoped there will be no further difficulty about securing an adequate water supply for many years to come . '' The dam was demolished in early 2013 .
Design and construction
The dam was built in such a way that pure , cool water was drawn from the bottom of the reservoir for the existing pipe to Dundas ; and for impure , warmed water to be sent over the spillways for industrial use downstream . The dam was created with reservoir expansion in mind , from 10,000,000 to 15,000,000 gallons , by the simple addition of another 3 feet of stoplogs .
Local professionals built the dam . The consulting engineer was E.H . Darling ( of McPhee , Kelly and Darling , Bank of Hamilton Building , Hamilton , Ont. ) . The general contractor was McAllister and Taylor ( # 37 , Sun Life Building , Hamilton ) . They completed the project without overrunning its budget of $ 6,300 . Expropriation of the south-bank Hunt and west-end Morden properties was extra .
Features
Features of the dam included :
100 feet long and 17½ feet high with 3 more feet of height possible
`` a massive monolithic concrete construction ''
incorporated `` 0.8 m thick base/key under the dam which provides sliding resistance on the d/s [ downstream ] key face and increases the weight of the dam ''
1-foot-thick stoplogs could be inserted to raise the level of any or all of 4 spillways in many configurations
a fifth route to ease overtopping water levels , along the left wing wall , which is no higher than the original design operating level
much earlier Morden dam pond , with its berm and ruins , usually has the same water level as the reservoir and , therefore , is continuous with it
on top of the spillway columns , a bridge connecting `` downtown '' Greensville to a path to Kirby Avenue and a branch of Hamilton Public Library ( bridge replaced about 1995 ) provides greater vistas upstream and downstream
large reservoir to supply Dundas and `` power users below [ dam ] '' throughout dry summers
flood prevention ( floods had plagued Dundas over the previous century )
reservoir formed `` a splendid natural settling basin '' , saving on filtration
Dundas was to save the cost of the dam in pumping alone every year
`` To protect the water as much as possible '' , a wire fence was built on the south side of the reservoir and a tight board fence on the north . The wire fence is still in evidence .
Crooks ' Hollow
The dam 's impoundment , or reservoir , had been the subject of much photographic interest for its tranquil , picturesque beauty , especially in the autumn . Recreational activities at the dam that have occupied at least three Greensville generations include fishing , birding , walking the trails , picnicking , boating and swimming ( historically ) .
The entire Crooks ' Hollow , which was named after James Crooks and was Upper Canada 's first industrial park in the 19th century , is noteworthy for offering nature in an unmanaged state ( only dangerous dead trees are cut down ) , with a wide variety of avian , animal , amphibian and piscine life . The Hollow is also noteworthy for its freedom from noise ( excepting the steady roar of the spillways ) , from commercialization and from litter . Ruins of past water-power industries are plentiful , and have sometimes been used for educational purposes . The dam itself has that potential .
In 1969 the Hamilton Region Conservation Authority established Crooks ' Hollow as its first Conservation Area , with `` extensive restoration '' of the dam . In September 2008 its successor , the Hamilton Conservation Authority slated the dam for demolition . The Authority 's environmental assessment has been upheld by the Ontario Ministry of the Environment . In December 2010 , the Authority stated the dam 's demolition and the creek 's rehabilitation would begin in 2011 and end in 2012 . This is motivated by environmental concerns along with fears that the dam could fail during or after a major storm . Hundreds of residents and Facebook supporters wish to preserve the dam and its reservoir for recreational , aesthetic and heritage purposes .
In late 2012 , the conservation area trails were closed for the demolition of the dam . Work was completed and the area reopened in 2013 , which included the re-branding of a string of connected trails running through the property as the Spencer Adventure Trail , as well as a new walking bridge across the previous location of the dam .
See also
List of reservoirs and dams in Canada
Small hydro
Notes
References
1897 . J.E . Wodell , `` Industrial Ruins in Crooks ' Hollow '' , in R.K. Kernighan et al. , Pen and Pencil Sketches of Wentworth Landmarks ( Hamilton : The Spectator Printing Co. ) , pp . 100–2 .
1909 . `` Purchasing Cockburn Dam Property ; There 'll Be Big Savings to the Town If This Deal Goes Through '' , Dundas Star , 9 June .
1915 . R.W . Karch and Wm . Mount , Public Utilities Commission of Dundas , to Dundas Town Council , 19 April ( Dundas Town archives ) .
1916 . `` The Town Water Supply '' [ editorial ] , Dundas Star , 26 Oct. , p. 4 .
1916 . `` Greensville Dam Now Finished ; It Is a Fine Piece of Work and Should Ensure Plenty Water for Many Years to Come '' , Dundas Star , 2 Nov. , p. 1 .
1950 . Township of West Flamborough , Province of Ontario : 1850 - 1950 Centennial Celebration ; A Record of the One Hundred and One Years Since the Township Was Incorporated ( printed by Dundas Star ; 218 pp . ) .
1965 . Thomas M. Thomson , The Spencer Story ( Dundas ? , Ont . : Public Relations and Education Board , Spencer Creek Conservation Authority ) .
1969 . Hamilton Region Conservation Authority , `` Annual Report 1969 '' .
1977 . John H. Aikman , `` Crooks ' Hollow : A Study of Change '' ( Student 's Handbook , Board of Education for the City of Hamilton ; 1974 , revised ) . Available at Flamborough Archives and Dundas Archives .
1993 . Peto MacCallum Ltd , Consulting Engineers . `` Crooks Hollow Dam Integrity Assessment , Crooks ' Hollow Road , Town of Flamborough , Ontario , for Hamilton Region Conservation Authority '' . Available at HCA office , Ancaster , Ont .
2008 . Hatch Energy . `` Class Environmental Assessment Project Plan : Crooks ' Hollow Dam ; Draft Report '' . October .
2009 . John Gerretsen , Ontario Minister of the Environment , to Hamilton Conservation Authority , 13 May .
Buildings and structures in Hamilton , Ontario
Reservoirs in Canada
Dams in Ontario
Dams completed in 1916
Santiago do Norte is a village in the state of Mato Grosso in the Central-West Region of Brazil . It is the urban extension of Paranatinga .
See also
List of municipalities in Mato Grosso
References
Populated places in Mato Grosso
Fateko Jutta is a 2017 drama and Comedy film directed by Bikash Sharma and produced by Arjun Kumar . The film stars Saugat Malla , Priyanka Karki , Kameshwor Chaurasiya and Rabindra Jha in lead roles . The film was released on November 3 , 2017 .
Plots
Cast
Saugat Malla
Priyanka Karki
Kameshwor Chaurasiya
Rabindra Jha
Crew
Music : Shankar Thapa , Prabesh Malik
Lyrics :
Singers : Prabesh Malik , Mina
Story : Niroj Maharjan
Editor :
Producer : Arjun Kumar
Director : Nikesh Khadka
References
Nepali-language films
Nepalese romantic comedy films
Composition
Committees
There were 13 committees for the years 2013-17 .
Members of the Punjab Legislative Assembly elected in 2012
The following is the list of the members elected in 2012 to the Punjab assembly :
Next Elections
Punjab Legislative Assembly election , 2017 to be held for electing 15th Punjab Legislative Assembly
References
14th
2012 establishments in Punjab , India
M Health Fairview is a healthcare brand that represents the collaboration among three separate entities ; the University of Minnesota Medical School , University of Minnesota Physicians , and Fairview Health Services .
History
Fairview Health Services
Fairview Health Services is a nonprofit , integrated health system based in Minneapolis , Minnesota . It provides health care across the full spectrum of health care services . Fairview currently operates ten hospitals , including M Health Fairview University of Minnesota Medical Center , forty eight primary care clinics and numerous specialty clinics in the Minneapolis-St. Paul metropolitan area and greater Minnesota . Fairview has 32,000 employees and 2,400 affiliated providers .
In June 2010 , Thomson Reuters identified Fairview Health Services as one of the top ten health care systems in the United States . The University of Minnesota Medical Center in Minneapolis was also recently recognized by U.S. News & World Report as a top hospital in the United States for treatment in six different specialties . In January 2011 , HealthGrades listed Fairview Ridges in Burnsville and Fairview Southdale in Edina as `` Distinguished Hospitals for Clinical Excellence , '' with each ranking in the top 5 % of hospitals in the area .
In October 2016 , James Hereford , former COO of Stanford Health Care , became CEO of Fairview .
In May 2017 , Fairview announced they were merging with HealthEast Care System which serves primarily St. Paul and the eastern suburbs of the Twin Cities . The combined Fairview/HealthEast has approximately 33,200 employees .
M Health Fairview
Starting on January 1 , 2019 , M Health Fairview became a partnership and brand that represents the collaboration among three separate entities : the University of Minnesota Medical School , University of Minnesota Physicians , and Fairview Health Services .
As of November 8 , 2019 M Health Fairview had about 34,000 employees . They have 10 hospitals and about 60 clinics with multiple services offered .
References
External links
Hospital networks in the United States
Health care companies based in Minnesota
Companies based in Minneapolis
Non-profit corporations
2019 establishments in Minnesota
American companies established in 2019
Rolls-Royce Baby is a 1975 Swiss sexploitation film written and directed by Erwin C. Dietrich . Dietrich claimed years later in interviewws that Jesus Franco co-directed this film , but no reliable sources include this film in Franco 's filmography .
Jesus Franco 's wife Lina Romay stars as Lisa , a nymphomaniac model who travels in a Rolls-Royce seeking photo opportunities and sex .
Cast
Lina Romay as Lisa
Eric Falk as Eric
Ursula Schäfer as Pick-up Girl
Kurt Meinicke as Photographer
Roman Hüber as Truck Driver
References
External links
Rolls-Royce Baby at Blu-ray.com
1975 films
Swiss comedy films
1970s German-language films
Films directed by Erwin C. Dietrich
Films directed by Jesús Franco
Sexploitation films
Swiss pornographic films
Follow the Yellow Brick Road is a television play by Dennis Potter , first broadcast in 1972 as part of BBC Two 's The Sextet series of eight plays featuring the same six actors . The play 's central theme is of popular culture becoming the inheritor of religious scripture , which anticipated Potter 's later serial Pennies from Heaven ( 1978 ) . The play 's title is taken from the song used in The Wizard of Oz , another version of which features in the incidental music .
Synopsis
Jack Black is a disturbed actor who believes himself to be trapped in a television play , followed around by an invisible camera . Having sought the help of an NHS hospital psychiatrist , Jack explains that although he has recently only been able to find work in television commercials he much prefers them to television plays , which he considers morally corrupting . He goes on to reveal that his sexual disgust drove his wife Judy into having an affair with his agent Colin and that he has lost his faith .
Leaving the psychiatrist 's surgery he encounters his wife , who persuades him to go somewhere where they can talk . They head to Barnes Common where Jack becomes violent and , convinced the camera is on him again ( he acted in a dog food commercial there ) , decides to disrupt the narrative by running Judy over with her car . In an attempt to restore some 'goodness ' into the plot he goes to Colin 's flat to see his young wife Veronica , who mistakes his declarations of love as a sexual advance and invites him to seduce her . At an appointment the next day ( junior ) Doctor Bilson prescribes Jack with some different drugs to alleviate his paranoia . Jack leaves the hospital and climbs into a car with his wife Judy – and the whole play ends with `` Jack 's next job ( in reality or imagination ) ... fronting a presentation '' for his newly prescribed drugs .
Principal cast
Denholm Elliott as Jack Black
Billie Whitelaw as Judy Black
Richard Vernon as Doctor Whitman
Bernard Hepton as Colin Sands
Dennis Waterman as Doctor Bilson
Michele Dotrice as Veronica Sands
Structure and themes
The action of the play is broken up by two mock television commercials for breakfast cereal ( `` Krispy Krunch '' ) and dog food ( `` Waggytail Din-Din '' ) : both of which feature Denholm Elliott 's character Jack Black acting , and justify his claim to the psychiatrist that the adverts present an idealistic and `` pure '' world view . As Jack 's mental health deteriorates throughout the course of the play , the voiceovers and dialogue featured in these commercials start to form an ironic commentary into his condition . The Krispy Krunch commercial , which originally sees Jack going to the kitchen for a midnight snack , transforms into a recollection of how he stumbled upon his wife in bed with his agent , while extracts from the Waggytail Din-Din advert are intercut with Veronica 's misunderstanding of Jack 's intention as she invites him to seduce her ( `` Dogs ca n't live without it ! '' ) . The play 's final turning in on itself as one long commercial for tranquillisers sees Jack dressed in a medic 's white coat in a television studio , quoting the `` Epistle of St Paul to the Philippians '' . Potter uses these commercials as a wider metaphor for popular culture becoming an inheritor of scripture ; this is a device he explores in several plays , all of which take an essentially religious structure ( see below ) .
A major theme of the play is the exploration of individual choice in the face of a seemingly omniscient narrator . Jack appears to be aware of his role as a character within the confines of a television play and comments accordingly on the drama as it progresses . In the opening scene , as he waits for his appointment with the psychiatrist , Jack comments on the `` shoddy '' set design and the play 's apparent lack of pace ( `` Not much bloody action , is there ? [ ... ] People will switch over or switch off '' ) ; when an elderly patient tries to make polite conversation with him , he chastises her for the banality of her dialogue ( `` You do n't get many interesting lines , do you ? '' ) before acknowledging this is `` not [ her ] fault '' and that she has `` only got a small part '' . Jack 's paranoia about his predicament is intensified by his awareness of the camera , which he frequently addresses , either to demand that it stops following him , or to ridicule the audience ( `` I can picture them now [ ... ] Munching away on their telly snacks , the corrupt zombies '' ) . Jack abdicates responsibility for his actions in the early part of the play by surrendering himself to its anonymous , malevolent author —when he beats his wife Judy during their walk on Barnes Common he immediately apologises by saying that is what the script demanded him to do— but when he attempts to take over the narrative in the latter part of the drama only then does he begin to realise exactly how powerless he has become until he receives medical intervention .
Intertextuality
Other Potter works
Potter incorporated several scenes from Follow the Yellow Brick Road into his first novel Hide and Seek ( 1973 ) , which also features a central protagonist ( in this case 'Daniel Miller ' ) who becomes aware of himself as a character in a novel and seeks to liberate himself from the hands of the author . In this work The Author also derides his agent , clearly based on Clive Goodwin , Potter 's own agent at this time , in both works . This theme is also returned to in Double Dare ( 1976 ) and Karaoke ( 1996 ) , both of which feature an author who becomes convinced that their latest works are being played out in front of them and they have been relegated to players in their own drama . The former uses a fictional advert for a chocolate bar , filmed as a pastiche of the 1970s Cadbury 's Flake commercials , as a means of demonstrating how far an actress will go in pursuit of her profession , while the latter uses a karaoke club as a metaphor for how human yearning becomes a commodity .
Cultural references
As a means of underlining Jack 's distaste for sex , Potter borrows his character 's name from the cobbler in Dylan Thomas ' Under Milk Wood ( 1954 ) ; in Thomas ' poem , Black finds the sexual habits of the young couples in the eponymous Welsh town disgusting and dreams of frightening them .
The references to The Wizard of Oz ( both the film and the original book ) underline the central theme of both Potter 's play and Frank Baum 's Oz stories , which are often viewed as satires for `` glitzy commercialism '' and the American Dream .
Broadcast and reception
The play was first broadcast on BBC 2 on 4 July 1972 and received mixed reviews with critics missing the religious theme . Potter biographer Humphrey Carpenter thought that actor Denholm Elliott and director Alan Bridges `` treated it as light comedy , skating over its psychological agonies '' , but recognised that Potter had `` reached a peak '' with this work . It received repeat broadcasts in 1987 ( on BBC2 ) and 2005 ( BBC Four ) as part of Dennis Potter seasons .
See also
Double Dare
Pennies from Heaven
Karaoke
References
Other sources
Graham Fuller ( Ed . ) , Potter on Potter ; 1993
Nigel Williams ( Ed . ) , Arena : Painting the Clouds ; 2005
1972 television plays
BBC television dramas
Television shows written by Dennis Potter
Dallin Watene-Zelezniak ( born 17 August 1995 ) is a New Zealand professional rugby league footballer who plays as a er or for the New Zealand Warriors in the NRL and New Zealand at international level .
He previously played for the Penrith Panthers and the Canterbury-Bankstown Bulldogs in the National Rugby League .
Background
Watene-Zelezniak was born in Hamilton , New Zealand , and is of Māori , Tongan and Polish descent and is from the Waikato Tainui Iwi . Watene-Zelezniak lived in Ngāruawāhia , before moving to Sydney , New South Wales , Australia as a 5-year old .
He played his junior rugby league for the St Clair Comets , before being signed by the Penrith Panthers . He attended St.Dominic 's College , Penrith and Patrician Brothers ' College , Blacktown .
Watene-Zelezniak is the great-grandson of former New Zealand rugby league captain and politician , Steve Watene . Watene-Zelezniak is a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints ( LDS Church ) . Dallin is the younger brother of Penrith Panthers winger , Malakai Watene-Zelezniak .
Playing career
In April 2013 , Watene-Zelezniak re-signed with the Panthers on a 2-year contract . On 26 June 2013 , in the curtain raiser to Game 2 of the 2013 State of Origin series , Watene-Zelenziak played for New South Wales under 18 's against Queensland under 18 's at Suncorp Stadium , scoring a hattrick of tries in the 56-6 smashing win . On 6 October 2013 , Watene-Zelezniak played in the Panthers 2013 Holden Cup Grand Final against the New Zealand Warriors , playing on the wing in the 42–30 victory . Watene-Zelezniak was also selected to play for both the Australian Schoolboys team and Junior Kiwis team . He eventually chose to play for the Junior Kiwis . On 13 October 2013 , Watene-Zelezniak played for the Junior Kiwis against the Junior Kangaroos , playing on the wing and scoring 2 tries in the 38–26 loss at WIN Stadium .
2014
In 2014 Watene-Zelezniak moved on to play in the Panthers NSW Cup team , before being included in the Panthers first grade squad . In Round 5 of the 2014 NRL season , Watene-Zelezniak made his NRL debut for the Penrith Panthers against the Canberra Raiders , scoring 2 tries on debut in the Panthers 12–6 win at Penrith Stadium . While playing in the Panthers NSW Cup side , Watene-Zelezniak was hit with a 4-match suspension after he performed an eye gouge on a Wyong Roos player during their 32–24 win . Watene-Zelezniak finished his debut year in the NRL with him playing in 10 matches and scoring 7 tries for the Panthers in the 2014 NRL season . On 7 October 2014 , Watene-Zelezniak 's impressive late season form saw him included in the New Zealand national rugby league team 24-man squad for the 2014 Four Nations . However he was later ruled out after he suffered a foot injury at training .
2015
On 5 February 2015 , Watene-Zelezniak extended his contract with the Panthers until the end of 2016 . On 28 April 2015 , Watene-Zelezniak was ruled out of making his international debut for New Zealand in the 2015 Anzac Test after he was charged with a dangerous throw on Cronulla-Sutherland Sharks player Wade Graham . The suspension denied Watene-Zelezniak his New Zealand debut for the second time in 6-months . In Round 18 , against the Sydney Roosters , Watene-Zelezniak suffered a collapsed lung during the Panthers 24–4 loss at Penrith Stadium and was ruled out for the rest of the season . Watene-Zelezniak finished off the 2015 NRL season with him playing in 16 matches and scoring 7 tries for the Panthers . On 10 November 2015 , Watene-Zelezniak extended his contract with the Panthers until the end of 2017 .
2016
In February , Watene-Zelezniak was named in the Panthers ' 2016 NRL Auckland Nines squad . On 6 May 2016 , Watene-Zelezniak made his international debut for New Zealand against Australia in the 2016 Anzac Test , playing on the wing in the 16–0 loss at Hunter Stadium . Watene-Zelezniak finished the 2016 NRL season with him playing in all of the Panthers 26 matches and scoring 12 tries . At the end of season , Watene-Zelezniak was selected in the New Zealand 24-man squad for the 2016 Four Nations . Watene-Zelezniak played in one match in the tournament , playing at fullback in the Kiwis 18-all draw against Scotland at Derwent Park .
2017
On 3 April 2017 , Watene-Zelezniak extended his contract with the Panthers to the end of the 2020 season . On 5 May 2017 , Watene-Zelezniak played for New Zealand against Australia in the 2017 Anzac Test , playing on the wing in the 30–12 loss at Canberra Stadium . On 22 July 2017 , Watene-Zelezniak was involved in an ugly incident at a junior rugby league match . The Kiwi international who was volunteering as a touch judge between his junior club the St Clair Comets and the St Mary Saints was abused by an official from St Mary 's after he put his flag up to signify a St Mary 's player had stepped into touch , the altercation would become physical , with the official putting his hands around the Panthers star 's neck and wrestling with him . `` It was very ugly and parents and officials had to take the kids across the field before a few people eventually broke it up , '' an eyewitness explained . The official was later copped with a lifetime banned from Junior Rugby League . Watene-Zelezniak finished the 2017 NRL season with him playing in 24 matches and scoring 9 tries for the Panthers . On 5 October 2017 , Watene-Zelezniak was named in the 24-man New Zealand Kiwis squad for the 2017 Rugby League World Cup . On 11 November 2017 , in the Kiwis entertaining clash against Tonga , Watene-Zelezniak scored his first try for the Kiwis in the shock 28–22 loss at Waikato Stadium . Watene-Zelezniak played in 3 matches and scored 1 try for the Kiwis in their disappointing World Cup campaign .
2019
On 9 June 2019 , Watene-Zelezniak was released from his contract with the Penrith Panthers effective immediately to sign with the Canterbury-Bankstown Bulldogs .
Watene-Zelezniak made a total of 10 appearances for Canterbury in his first year at the club . During the mid-way part of the season , Canterbury found themselves sitting last on the table and in real danger of finishing with the wooden spoon . However , for the third straight season , Canterbury achieved four upset victories in a row over Penrith , the Wests Tigers , South Sydney and Parramatta who were all competing for a place in the finals series and were higher on the table . Canterbury ended the season in 12th place .
2020
In round 12 of the 2020 NRL season against arch rivals Parramatta , Watene-Zelezniak played the ball in the opposite direction giving a penalty to Parramatta in which they scored off the next play . Canterbury would go on to lose the match 18-16 at ANZ Stadium leaving them on the bottom of the table .
He made a total of 18 appearances for Canterbury in the 2020 NRL season . The club finished in 15th place on the table , only avoiding the Wooden Spoon by for and against .
2021
In round 1 of the 2021 NRL season , he scored two tries for Canterbury in a 32-16 loss against Newcastle .
On 20 June , Watene-Zelezniak played his final game for Canterbury in round 15 against Parramatta which ended in a 36-10 defeat . He then signed a three-and-a-half year deal to join the New Zealand Warriors effective immediately .
On 2 July , Watene-Zelezniak played his first game for the New Zealand Warriors in a one point loss to St. George Illawarra .
2022
He made a total of 19 appearances for the New Zealand Warriors in the 2022 NRL season as they finished 15th on the table .
Personal life
Dallin Watene-Zelezniak with his brother started a watch Company W Zelezniak .
Dallin Watene-Zelezniak is the younger brother of former NRL player Malakai Watene-Zelezniak
References
External links
Canterbury Bulldogs profile
Penrith Panthers profile
Panthers profile
NRL profile
2017 RLWC profile
1995 births
Living people
Australian company founders
Canterbury-Bankstown Bulldogs players
Junior Kiwis players
New Zealand emigrants to Australia
New Zealand Māori rugby league players
New Zealand national rugby league team captains
New Zealand national rugby league team players
New Zealand people of Polish descent
New Zealand people of Tongan descent
New Zealand rugby league players
New Zealand Warriors players
Penrith Panthers players
People from Ngāruawāhia
Rugby league centres
Rugby league fullbacks
Rugby league players from Hamilton , New Zealand
Rugby league wingers
Pre-theoretical belief has been an important notion in some areas of linguistics and philosophy , especially phenomenology and older versions of “ ordinary language ” philosophy . It is often assumed , rightly or wrongly , that language depends on mental concepts , and that certain concepts are innate . These innate concepts provide sources of very basic linguistic competency , available to any natural language speaker that enables more complex forms of language use , including philosophical , scientific , or other types of technical language . These basic concepts , in combination , may form basic propositional attitudes about things and events . Often “ pre-theoretical belief ” refers to these basic propositional attitudes . Also , “ pre-theoretical beliefs ” may refer to simple intuitions .
Pre-theoretic belief is a term used in philosophical arguments for and against libertarianism and determinism .
References
Phenomenology
Belief
Philosophical theories
Propositional attitudes
Mandy Minella and Nina Stojanović were the defending champions , however both players chose not to participate .
Mihaela Buzărnescu and Alena Fomina won the title , defeating Lesley Kerkhove and Lidziya Marozava in the final , 6–4 , 6–3 .
Seeds
Draw
References
Main Draw
Al Habtoor Tennis Challenge - Doubles
2017 in Emirati tennis
Al Habtoor Tennis Challenge
The 2019–20 Biathlon World Cup – Sprint Men started on 1 December 2019 in Östersund and was finished on 12 March 2020 in Kontiolahti .
Competition format
The sprint race is the third oldest biathlon event ; the distance is skied over three laps . The biathlete shoots two times at any shooting lane , first prone , then standing , totalling 10 targets . For each missed target the biathlete has to complete a penalty lap of around . Competitors ' starts are staggered , normally by 30 seconds .
2018–19 Top 3 standings
Medal winners
Standings
Notes
References
Sprint Men
The Port aux Quilles River is a tributary of the northwest shore of the St. Lawrence River flowing into the city of Saint-Siméon in the Charlevoix-Est Regional County Municipality , in the Capitale-Nationale administrative region , Quebec , Canada . The course of this river flows into the St. Lawrence River in the village of Port-aux-Quilles , northeast of the town of La Malbaie .
This small valley is served by the path of the `` Lac du Port aux Quilles '' . The lower portion of this valley is served by route 138 along the northwest shore of the St. Lawrence River .
Forestry is the main economic activity of the sector ; recreational and tourism activities ( including resort and tourist activities ) , second .
The surface of this stream is usually frozen from mid-December to the end of March . Nevertheless , safe ice circulation is generally from late December to mid-March .
Geography
The main hydrographic slopes near the `` Port aux Quilles River '' are :
North side : Rivière de la Baie des Rochers , Saguenay River ;
East side : Anse à Poitras , St. Lawrence River ;
South side : Noire River , Port au Persil River , Port au Saumon River , Rivière à la Loutre ( La Malbaie ) , Malbaie River ;
West side : Noire River .
The Port aux Quilles River rises at the mouth of Port aux Quilles Lake ( altitude : ) in the forest zone , at the foot of the Montagne de la Croix . On the outskirts of this lake , the resort is established around the eastern bay , near the mouth , because of the path of Port aux Quilles Lake which serves this area . From the mouth of Port aux Quilles Lake , the course of the Port aux Quilles River descends by traveling according to the following segments :
southeasterly , crossing the Mare Lake to the outlet ( coming from the north ) of the Trout Lake ;
easterly collecting the dump ( coming from the north ) of Lakes Henri , Rouge et Bleu , to a bend in the river corresponding to the dump ( coming from the north ) of the Falaise lakes and Mosquito ;
south-easterly to the outlet ( coming from the south ) of Lac Épiphane , then east , forming several small streamers to the outlet of Lac Ceci ( coming from South ) ;
northerly , forming a hook to the west , to the outlet of Lake Arthur-Savard ( coming from the east ) ;
to the east , forming two successive curves towards the south , notably passing under Hydro-Québec 's high-voltage lines , winding up to the confluence of a stream draining Lake Ennis ( coming from the north ) . Note : This confluence is located just southwest of the center of the hamlet Port-aux-Quilles ;
southeasterly by cutting route 138 and collecting the Harvey Lake ( from the southwest ) discharge to the dump ( coming from the northeast ) of Seeds Lake ;
to the southeast crossing a series of rapids and waterfalls between two mountains , and collecting a stream ( from the southwest ) to the bottom of the `` Anse de Port aux Quilles '' , which is open on the Gulf of St. Lawrence .
Toponymy
The origin of the term `` Port aux Quilles '' remains unknown .
The toponym `` Rivière du Port au Salum '' was formalized on December 5 , 1968 at the Bank of place names of the Commission de toponymie du Quebec .
Notes and references
External links
See also
St. Lawrence River
Saint-Siméon , a municipality
List of rivers of Quebec
Rivers of Capitale-Nationale
Charlevoix-Est Regional County Municipality
Justin Croft ( born 1968 ) is a British antiquarian bookseller and an expert in books and manuscripts on the BBC 's Antiques Roadshow , which he joined in 2005 .
He is a member of the Antiquarian Booksellers ' Association and has been a member of the teaching faculty of the York Antiquarian Book Seminar since 2014 .
He holds a PhD in Medieval Studies from the University of Kent , Canterbury , awarded in 1997 for a study of book production in English medieval towns .
He lives and works in Faversham , Kent .
References
1968 births
Living people
Second Lieutenant Edward Darby ( born 7 March 1888 , date of death unknown ) was a World War I flying ace credited with six aerial victories .
Military career
On 5 August 1917 Darby was serving as an Air Mechanic 1st Class in No . 5 Squadron RNAS when he and pilot Robert Jope-Slade , in a DH.4 , drove down an Albatros D.III over Snellegem . Darby was subsequently awarded the Distinguished Service Medal on 14 September , and on 19 November was appointed a probationary observer officer .
On 17 April 1918 Darby was commissioned in the newly formed Royal Air Force as a second lieutenant ( observer officer ) . He was assigned to No . 202 Squadron RAF , formerly No . 2 Squadron RNAS , also flying the DH.4 . With pilot Lieutenant A. L. Godfrey , Darby gained his second aerial victory on 4 June , destroying a Pfalz D.III off Zeebrugge . His third came on 27 June , with Lieutenant Laurence Pearson , driving down another D.III over Ostend . On 16 July he and Captain A. V. Bowater accounted for another D.III , driven down south of Ostend . His fifth and sixth victories came on 16 September , again with Lt. Pearson , driving down another D.III over Lissewege , and shooting a Fokker D.VII down in flames over Dudzele .
Darby finally left the RAF , being transferred to the unemployed list on 20 February 1919 .
References
1888 births
Year of death missing
Military personnel from Liverpool
Royal Naval Air Service aviators
Royal Air Force personnel of World War I
British World War I flying aces
Recipients of the Distinguished Service Medal ( United Kingdom )
Richard Grelling ( 11 June 1853 − 14 January 1929 ) was a German lawyer , writer and pacifist who wrote the international best selling book J'Accuse in World War I , publicly criticizing the actions of Germany for waging a war of aggression in Europe .
Early life
Richard Grelling was born in Berlin , at that time the capital of Prussia . He studied law but after finishing his studies worked as a writer and dramatist .
In 1892 he was a founder-member of the German Peace Society ( German : Deutsche Friedensgesellschaft ) , of which he was vice-chairman . From 1903 he lived near Florence , until Italy joined the belligerents in 1915 , after which he moved to Switzerland .
World War I
In 1915 Grelling wrote the anti-war book entitled J'Accuse , condemning the actions of Germany in causing the war through its foreign policies . The book was banned in Germany but was translated into many languages and enjoyed huge sales . Printed excerpts in the form of propaganda leaflets from its text were dropped by aircraft of the British Expeditionary Force into the Imperial German Army 's trenches in France before the Battle of the Somme in 1916 in an endeavour to undermine the fighting morale of the German troops situated there .
He followed this success of J'Accuse with Das Verbrechen ( The Crime ) , in which he attacked his critics , including his son , the philosopher Kurt Grelling .
Later life
He later worked for several newspapers , among them the Frankfurter Zeitung . During the Weimar Republic most of his writings were boycotted .
Grelling died in Berlin .
See also
List of peace activists
References
1853 births
1929 deaths
19th-century German male writers
19th-century German non-fiction writers
20th-century German male writers
20th-century German non-fiction writers
German male non-fiction writers
German pacifists
Jurists from Berlin
Non-interventionism
Here is a list of mergers in Iwate Prefecture , Japan since the Heisei era .
Mergers before April 1 , 1999
On April 1 , 1991 - the old city of Kitakami absorbed the town of Waga and the village of Ezuriko ( both from Waga District ) to create the new and expanded city of Kitakami .
Mergers
On November 15 , 2001 - the town of Sanriku ( from Kesen District ) was merged into the expanded city of Ōfunato .
On June 6 , 2005 - the old city of Miyako absorbed the town of Tarō and village of Niisato ( both from Shimohei District ) to create the new and expanded city of Miyako .
On September 1 , 2005 - the towns of Ashiro and Nishine , and the village of Matsuo ( all from Iwate District ) were merged to create the city of Hachimantai .
On September 20 , 2005 - the old city of Ichinoseki absorbed the towns of Daitō , Higashiyama and Senmaya , and the villages of Kawasaki and Murone ( all from Higashiiwai District ) , and the town of Hanaizumi ( from Nishiiwai District ) to create the new and expanded city of Ichinoseki .
On October 1 , 2005 - the old city of Tōno absorbed the village of Miyamori ( from Kamihei District ) to create the new and expanded city of Tōno .
On November 1 , 2005 - the town of Yuda and village of Sawauchi ( both from Waga District ) were merged to create the town of Nishiwaga .
On January 1 , 2006 - the old city of Hanamaki absorbed the towns of Ishidoriya and Ōhasama ( both from Hienuki District ) , and the town of Tōwa ( from Waga District ) to create the new and expanded city of Hanamaki . Hienuki District was dissolved as a result of this merger .
On January 1 , 2006 - the old city of Ninohe absorbed the town of Jōbōji ( from Ninohe District ) to create the new and expanded city of Ninohe .
On January 1 , 2006 - the town of Taneichi and the village of Ōno ( both from Kunohe District ) were merged to create the town of Hirono .
On January 10 , 2006 - the village of Tamayama ( from Iwate District ) was merged into the expanded city of Morioka .
On February 20 , 2006 - the cities of Esashi and Mizusawa merged with the towns of Isawa and Maesawa , and the village of Koromogawa ( all from Isawa District ) to create the city of Ōshū .
On March 6 , 2006 - the old city of Kuji absorbed the village of Yamagata ( from Kunohe District ) to create the new and expanded city of Kuji .
On January 1 , 2010 - the old city of Miyako absorbed the village of Kawai ( from Shimohei District ) to create the new and expanded city of Miyako .
On September 26 , 2011 - the town of Fujisawa ( from Higashiiwai District ) was merged into the expanded city of Ichinoseki . Higashiiwai District was dissolved as a result of this merger .
On January 1 , 2014 - the village of Takizawa ( from Iwate District ) was promoted to city status .
Planned mergers
References
Iwate
Appius Claudius Pulcher ( Latin : APP•CLAVDIVS•C•F•APP•N•PVLCHER ) was a Roman politician of the 2nd century BC .
Life
Son of Gaius Claudius Pulcher ( who was consul in 177 BC ) , he was elected consul for 143 BC , and , to obtain a pretext for a triumph , attacked the Salassi , an Alpine tribe . He was at first defeated , but afterwards , following the directions of the Sibylline Books , gained a victory . On his return the celebration of the triumph was refused ; but he held a triumph at his own expense , and when one of the tribunes attempted to drag him from his car , his daughter Claudia , one of the Vestal Virgins , walked by his side up to the capital . Next year he was an unsuccessful candidate for the censorship , though he afterwards held that office with Quintus Fulvius Nobilior , probably in 136 BC . He allied with Tiberius Gracchus who married his daughter Claudia . Appius backed Tiberius ' land reform bill and in 133 BC with Tiberius and Tiberius ' brother , Gaius Gracchus , was chosen commissioner for the division of the lands . Their post allowed them to survey the ager publicus , publicly owned land that Tiberius wanted to distribute to citizens who had lost their property . Another faction in the Senate opposed them and Tiberius was assassinated in 133 BC . Appius was the enemy of Scipio Aemilianus . He died shortly after Tiberius Gracchus , probably in 130 BC . He was one of the Salii , an augur , and princeps senatus . Cicero says that his style of speaking was fluent and vehement . He married Antistia . His great-granddaughter was Clodia .
Family tree
Notes
References
This entry incorporates public domain text originally from :
William Smith ( ed . ) , Dictionary of Greek and Roman Biography and Mythology , 1870 .
2nd-century births
130s BC deaths
2nd-century BC Roman augurs
2nd-century BC Roman consuls
2nd-century BC Roman praetors
Roman censors
Appius consul 611 AUC
Year of birth uncertain
Year of death uncertain
Jens Hovmøller Klemmensen ( February 23 , 1902 – February 17 , 1977 ) was a Danish architect . In 1932 he won a silver medal in the art competitions at the Los Angeles Games for his design of a `` Stadium and Public Park '' .
References
1902 births
1977 deaths
20th-century Danish architects
Olympic silver medalists in art competitions
Medalists at the 1932 Summer Olympics
Olympic competitors in art competitions
The Man Who Could Not Sleep and Other Mysteries is a collection of radio plays by the British thriller writer Michael Gilbert , first published in 2011 by the British company Robert Hale and unpublished in the United States . It contains two long , previously uncollected radio plays , as well as synopses of two proposed stage plays that were never subsequently written . It also has an introduction by John Cooper and three appendices . The locales of the plays are mostly in London and its environs . Two of the many recurring characters that Gilbert created over his exceedingly long writing career , Nap Rumbold and Hargest Macrea , are in `` The Game Called Justice '' . As usual with Gilbert , the tone of the stories is civilized and even occasionally light-hearted , but there are always elements of bleakness beneath the urbane surface , particularly in `` The Last Chapter '' . `` Michael was an exceptionally fine storyteller , but he 's hard to classify , '' said one of his American publishers after his death . `` He 's not a hard-boiled writer in the classic sense , but there is a hard edge to him , a feeling within his work that not all society is rational , that virtue is not always rewarded. '' . Gilbert , who was appointed CBE in 1980 , was a founder-member of the British Crime Writers ' Association . The Mystery Writers of America named him a Grand Master in 1988 and in 1990 he was presented Bouchercon 's Lifetime Achievement Award .
Contents in order
Introduction , page 7 , by John Cooper
The Man Who Could Not Sleep—A Serial thriller in six parts , page 14 — radio play featuring Henry Bohun
The Hampstead Flat , page 15
The Early Hours of the Morning , page 33
Miss Tappett and Her Tortoises , page 51
Trouble at the Law Society , page 70
Closing the Gap , page 90
The Traveller 's Rest , page 111
My Aunt She Died a Month Ago , page 135 — proposed play synopsis
The Game Called Justice , page 142 — proposed play synopsis featuring Noel Anthony Pontarlier ( `` Nap '' ) Rumbold and Hargest Macrae
The Last Chapter , page 155 — radio play
Appendix A — The Casebook of Henry Montacute Bohun , page 215
Appendix B — Radio plays by Michael Gilbert , page 217
Appendix C — Television plays and serial by Michael Gilbert , page 220
Notes
External links
2011 short story collections
Robert Hale books
Mystery short story collections
British short story collections
British radio dramas
Short story collections by Michael Gilbert
A Year With No Summer is the second studio album by Barcelona-based band Obsidian Kingdom . It is a concept album featuring seven songs that draw from a diverse range of styles including alternative rock , drone , black metal , progressive rock , post-metal and electronica . The album was recorded , mixed , mastered and produced in September 2015 by Jaime Gómez Arellano at Orgone Studios in London , and co-produced by Jorge Mur and the band itself .
The album was released by Season of Mist on March 11 , 2016 , with artwork designed by Ritxi Ostáriz and Elena Gallen . A different cover was created for each of the different physical formats , all of them presenting a different glitch variation on an original picture by French photographer Mathieu Bernard-Reymond . The release received generally favorable reviews from critics , who praised its complexity and gloomy sound .
A Year With No Summer features the collaboration of Ulver 's singer Kristoffer Rygg in the song `` 10th April '' and Mayhem 's Attila Csihar in `` The Kandinsky Group '' . The digipak and jewelcase editions feature a hidden track that consist of a stripped-down bossanova rendition of the track `` Darkness '' by Jr Morgue .
Style
A Year With No Summer is noted for featuring a much different sound approach than the band 's debut Mantiis ( especially in the vocal field , with a register often compared to that of Genesis ' Peter Gabriel and Phil Collins ) , however retaining its variety and difficult classification . The critics also pointed out the decrement of extreme metal resources such as blast beats and death growls in favor of a more accessible sound .
In respect of the wide range of styles and genres displayed in the album , Loudwire wrote that `` A Year Without Summer will appeal to fans of My Bloody Valentine , Pharmakon and Cult of Luna . Not any of them — all three . ''
Critical reception
A Year With No Summer was met with positive reviews that highlighted its general aura of disenchantment and resignation , its thematic depth , and the bold shift in style from the band 's debut , while a few critics found this turn to feel bland and disappointing . Regarding Obsidian Kingdom 's sophomore 's apparent softening , PROG stated that `` Boiled down to easy-to-swallow essentials , there 's a mainstream and very marketable album in here just bursting to get out . ''
Track listing
Personnel
Obsidian Kingdom
Rider G Omega - guitar and vocals
Ojete Mordaza II - drums
Zer0 Æmeour Íggdrasil - keyboards and vocals
Seerborn Ape Tot - guitar
Om Rex Orale - bass
Other personnel
Kristoffer Rygg - vocals in `` 10th April ''
Attila Csihar - vocals in `` The Kandinsky Group ''
Jr Morgue - guest appearance in `` Darkness ( reprise ) ''
References
2016 albums
Obsidian Kingdom albums
Season of Mist albums
Concept albums
Verdete is a type of slate rock found in Brazil .
Major deposits are found in the state of Minas Gerais .
The term verdete is the local name for occurrences of a greenish rock that is high in both potassium and iron . The main potassium bearing minerals are glauconite and muscovite .
References
Slate
Geology of Brazil
Landforms of Minas Gerais
Pullman , one of Chicago 's 77 defined community areas , is a neighborhood located on the city 's South Side . Twelve miles from the Chicago Loop , Pullman is situated adjacent to Lake Calumet .
The area known as Pullman encompasses a much wider area than its two historic areas ( the older historic area is often referred to as `` Pullman '' and is a Chicago Landmark district and a National Monument . The northern annex historic area is usually referred to as `` North Pullman '' ) . The development built by the Pullman Company is bounded by 103rd Street on the North , 115th Street on the South , the railroad tracks on the East and Cottage Grove on the West .
Since the late 20th century , the Pullman neighborhood has been gentrifying . Many residents are involved in the restoration of their own homes , and projects throughout the district as a whole . Walking tours of Pullman are available .
Pullman has many historic and architecturally significant buildings ; among these are the Hotel Florence ; the Arcade Building , which was destroyed in the 1920s ; the Clock Tower and Factory , the complex surrounding Market Square , and Greenstone Church . In the adjacent Kensington neighborhood of the nearby Roseland district is the home of one of the many beautiful churches in Chicago built in Polish Cathedral style , the former church of St. Salomea . It is now used by Salem Baptist Church of Chicago .
In a contest sponsored by the Illinois Department of Commerce and Economic Opportunity , Pullman was one of seven sites nominated for the Illinois Seven Wonders .
History
Beginnings
Historic Pullman was built in the 1880s by George Pullman as workers ' housing for employees of his eponymous railroad car company , the Pullman Palace Car Company . He established behavioral standards that workers had to meet to live in the area and charged them rent . Pullman 's architect , Solon Spencer Beman , was said to be extremely proud that he had met all the workers ' needs within the neighborhood he designed . The distinctive rowhouses were comfortable by standards of the day , and contained such amenities as indoor plumbing , gas , and sewers .
Pullman Strike
During the depression that followed the Panic of 1893 , demand for Pullman cars slackened . The Pullman company laid off hundreds of workers and switched many more to pay-per-piece work . This work , while paying more per hour , reduced total worker income . Despite these cutbacks , the Company did not reduce rents for workers who lived in the town of Pullman .
Workers initiated the Pullman Strike in 1894 , and it lasted for 2 months , eventually leading to intervention by the US government and military . The Strike Commission , set up in 1894 , ruled that the aesthetic features admired by visitors had little monetary value for employees .
Incorporation into Chicago
After George Pullman died in 1897 , the Illinois Supreme Court required the company to sell the town because operating it was outside the company 's charter . In 1899 , the town and other major portions of the South Side were annexed by the city of Chicago . Within ten years , the city sold the houses to their occupants . After the strike , Pullman gradually was absorbed as a regular Chicago neighborhood , defined by distinguishing Victorian architecture . But the fortunes of the neighborhood continued to rise and fall with the Pullman Company for many years .
Deindustrialization
With industrial and railroad restructuring beginning in the 1950s , many jobs were lost in the city . The neighborhood gradually declined along with work opportunities and income . People began to move to newer housing in the suburbs . In 1960 the original Town of Pullman , approximately between 103rd and 115th Streets , was threatened with total demolition for an industrial park . Forming the Pullman Civic Organization , the residents lobbied the city and saved their community . It reached its peak of population in 1970 .
Revival
By 1972 the Pullman Historic District had obtained National , State , and City landmark status to protect the original 900 rowhouses and public buildings built by George Pullman . ( It was designated a National Historic Landmark District in 1969 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places . In 1970 it was designated as a State landmark by the Illinois Historic Preservation Agency ; and in 1972 , South Pullman was declared a City of Chicago Landmark ) . To protect the character of the historic districts , the city has established guidelines for new building and renovation , administered by the City of Chicago . These are explained in the Beman Committee 's Homeowner 's Guide ( the committee is named after Pullman 's original architect , Solon Spencer Beman )
The district was designated the Pullman National Monument under President Obama in February , 2015 .
Demographics
The Pullman community area is a predominantly African American , older community area , though this is not consistent among each of its neighborhoods . According to a June 2017 analysis by the Chicago Metropolitan Agency for Planning , there were 6,501 people and 2,894 households in Pullman . The racial makeup of the area was 7.1 % White , 82.8 % African American , 0.5 % Asian , 1.1 % from other races . Residents who identified as Hispanic or Latino of any race were 8.5 % of the population . In the area , the population 's age distribution was spread out , with 23.6 % under the age of 19 , 20.8 % from 20 to 34 , 19.6 % from 35 to 49 , 20.2 % from 50 to 64 , and 15.8 % who were 65 years of age or older . The median age was 40 years compared to a citywide figure of 33 years .
The Pullman neighborhood is 29 % White , 31 % African American , and residents of any race who identify as Hispanic or Latino comprise 36 % of the neighborhood 's 1,422 residents . By contrast , 96 % of North Pullman 's 1,995 residents are African American and 98 % of Cottage Grove Heights ' 3,084 residents are African American .
Media and entertainment
Pullman has been featured in several major motion pictures . Road to Perdition ( starring Tom Hanks and Paul Newman ) was filmed in historic Pullman , with scenes featuring the factory and how it `` once was '' with workers , as well as many other scenes of the neighborhood . The 1993 film The Fugitive had several key scenes in Pullman . Harrison Ford was featured in a local bar , next running down an alley , and over the tops of several Pullman rowhouses . In April 2007 , Universal Studios filmed The Express : The Ernie Davis Story , which also featured several scenes in Pullman .
The Polar Express animated scenes at the North Pole were based on Pullman architecture . Santa Claus emerges from a building based on the Pullman Company Administration Building ; other buildings are based on the architectural style in Pullman . Robert Zemeckis , who designed the movie , grew up in the Roseland neighborhood near Pullman .
On November 12 , 2006 , Historic Pullman was the topic of the HGTV television show National Open House , which featured a Pullman house at 112th Street and Langley .
Politics
Pullman is a stronghold for the Democratic Party . In the Presidential Election of 2020 .
Joe Biden carried the Pullman District by a whopping margin ( 445 -- 21 ) over Donald Trump , with five votes going to third
party candidates . The percentage difference ( 94.47 % -- 4.46 % ) mirrored that of the 9th ward , which gave Biden 94.46 % of
all ballots cast . Only five Wards -- Ward 21 ( 95.83 % ) , Wards 8 and 9 ( 95.7 , apiece ) , Ward 6 ( 95.47 % ) , and Ward 7 ( 94.78 % )
exceeded this plurality ; Ward 5 ( 94.22 % ) was 7th highest . Biden carried all 50 Wards in Chicago , by an overall margin
of 763,000+ votes ( 944,735 -- 181,234 ) , a plurality of 66.7 % ( 82.53 % -- 15.83 % ) . He carried Cook County by over 3-to 1 , as
well ( 74.35 % -- 24.05 % ) . Indeed , the last Republican candidate to carry the Windy City was Dwight Eisenhower , in 1952-56 .
In the 2016 presidential election , Pullman cast 3,123 votes for Hillary Clinton and cast 100 votes Donald Trump . Despite winning 94.92 % of the vote , it was Clinton 's 25th largest share of the vote by percentage in the 76 community areas she won in heavily Democratic Chicago . In the 2012 presidential election , Pullman cast 3,521 votes for Barack Obama and 77 votes for Mitt Romney . Despite winning 97.43 % of the vote , it was Obama 's 25th largest share of the vote by percentage in the 76 community areas he won in heavily Democratic Chicago .
At the local level , Pullman is located in Chicago 's 8th and 9th wards represented by Democratic Alderwoman Michelle Harris and Democratic Alderman Anthony Beale respectively .
Transportation
Pullman is served by two Metra Electric Line stations ; Kensington/115th Street station and Pullman/111th Street station . Most Metra suburban express trains passing through the area stop at the 115th Street station , and only local train stop at the 111th Street station .
Notable people
Robert Fioretti , member of the Chicago City Council ( 2007-2015 ) . Fioretti , who represented a ward on the West Side , was born in Pullman .
Mark Konkol , journalist and winner of the 2011 Pulitzer Prize for Local Reporting . As of 2007 , he resided in the Pullman community .
Darrell Walker , professional basketball player . He attended school in Pullman .
Education
Pullman is located in City of Chicago School District # 299 and City Colleges of Chicago District # 508 . Pullman is zoned to the following elementary schools ; Schmid Elementary School , Wendell Smith Elementary School , Edgar Allan Poe Classical School , and George M. Pullman School . The majority of Pullman is zoned to the Pullman located Corliss High School , while some the northeastern area is zoned to Harlan Community Academy High School in nearby Chatham The main campus of Olive-Harvey College , part of the City Colleges of Chicago system is located in Pullman .
See also
Granite City , Illinois ( another company town )
Marktown ( another company town )
West Pullman , Chicago ( adjacent neighborhood where workers fled the Pullman town 's grip )
List of African-American neighborhoods
History of African Americans in Chicago
Notes
References
Further reading
Buder , Stanley . Pullman : An Experiment in Industrial Order and Community Planning , 1880 - 1930 . New York : Oxford University Press , 1967 .
External links
I nventory of the Frank H. Beberdick Pullman Collection at the Newberry Library
Official City of Chicago Pullman Community Map
Pullman State Historic Site
Community areas of Chicago
South Side , Chicago
Company towns in Illinois
Populated places established in 1880
1880 establishments in Illinois
Solon Spencer Beman buildings
Men 's Giant Slalom World Cup 1986/1987
Final point standings
In Men 's Giant Slalom World Cup 1986/87 the best five results count . Seven racers had a point deduction , which are given in ( ) .
References
fis-ski.com
World Cup
FIS Alpine Ski World Cup men 's giant slalom discipline titles
Vrindavan Society ( or Brindaban Society ) is the largest residential complex in Thane , Maharashtra , India , developed by a venture of Mittal and Raheja Developers . The first building in this 100+ apartment building complex was constructed in 1984 and the project was completed in the early 90s . This complex is now considered to be centrally located with rapid development of Thane .
Location
The society is approximately 3 kilometers away from the Thane railway station and is accessible via public transportation , buses and rickshaws . Brindavan is well connected to various parts of Thane , Mumbai and Navi Mumbai by TMT and MSRTC buses . There are morning peak hour MSRTC buses to Borivali , South Bombay , Haj Ali , Panvel and Andheri from the complex .
Facilities
Brindavan is generally considered to be a safe neighborhood and has a number of schools ( pre schools / kindergartens / high schools ) in the vicinity . There are also a number of grocery stores , dry cleaners , internet cafes , health clubs and eateries in the complex . It also has good healthcare facility like family Physician , Maternity Home , Surgical Nursing Home , Ultrasonography Clinics , Pathology Laboratory & number of dental clinics .
Brindavan has all the amenities like Banks , Departmental stores , driving Schools , Badal Power laundry , Hotels , Clinics , Hospitals , Bus service , Good doctors , Beauty parlour , salons , play grounds for children , Nana nani park and Gyms ( Including one open Gym in the Central Garden created by local Corpoator Mr. Milind Patankar ) , Polibhaji kendras for homely food , shops for all items , and importantly Hanuman Mandir which is like the Gramdevata mandir for all the residents .
Culture
Although located in a large city which is considered to be mainly Maharashtrian , the residents of Brindavan are multi-lingual and cosmopolitan . The internal roads are all concretized and the society has 24 hours water supply . Residents celebrate all the festivals together irrespective of religions like Diwali , Christmas , Ganesh Mahostav , Durga Puja , Eid , etc .
References
External links
- Mittal Builders Webpage
Neighbourhoods in Thane
The Charleston Southern Buccaneers men 's basketball statistical leaders are individual statistical leaders of the Charleston Southern Buccaneers men 's basketball program in various categories , including points , rebounds , assists , steals , and blocks . Within those areas , the lists identify single-game , single-season , and career leaders . The Buccaneers represent Charleston Southern University in the NCAA 's Big South Conference .
Charleston Southern began competing in intercollegiate basketball in 1965 . The NCAA did not officially record assists as a stat until the 1983–84 season , and blocks and steals until the 1985–86 season , but Charleston Southern 's record books includes players in these stats before these seasons . These lists are updated through the end of the 2020–21 season .
Scoring
Rebounds
Assists
Steals
Blocks
References
Lists of college basketball statistical leaders by team
Statistical
Benyamin ( born Benny Daniel in 1971 ) is an Indian novelist and short story writer in Malayalam from Njettur , Kulanada , near Pandalam of the south Indian state of Kerala . He lived in the Kingdom of Bahrain from 1992 to 2013 , before returning to Kerala . His works appear regularly in Malayalam publications in Kerala .
Goat Days ( Aadujeevitham ) , his most famous novel , portrays the life of an Indian labourer in Saudi Arabia . It is used as a textbook at Kerala University , Calicut University , Bharathiar University , Pondicherry University and 10th standard for Kerala State syllabus .
Jasmine Days ( Juggernaut Books , 2018 ) , translated by Shahnaz Habib won the inaugural JCB Prize for Literature , JCB Prize for Literature gives 25 lakhs to the winner . If the winning work is a translation , the translator gets an additional 10 lakh.It was originally written in Malayalam and translated by Shahnaz Habib , and is a `` brilliant and intense novel '' , jury chairperson Vivek Shanbag ( author Ghachar Ghochar ) said while announcing the richest literary award in the country .
The book tells the story of a young woman Sameera Parvin who moves to a middle eastern city and find herself in the middle of a revolution . It revolves around the Jasmine Revolution that sprang up in December 2010 and was quelled by January 2011 .
Awards and honours
2009 Kerala Sahitya Akademi Award , Winner , Aadujeevitham
2012 Man Asian Literary Prize , Longlist , Goat Days
2013 DSC Prize for South Asian Literature , Shortlist , Goat Days
2015 Padmaprabha Literary Award
2018 JCB Prize for Literature , Winner , Jasmine Days
2018 Crossword Book Award for Indian language translation , Winner , Jasmine Days
2019 Muttathu Varkey Award
2021 Vayalar Award , Manthalirile 20 Communist Varshangal
Bibliography
Aadujeevitham ( Goat Days ) ( novel )
Abeesagin ( a name from the Old Testament ) ( novel )
Pravachakanmarude Randam Pustakam ( The Second Book of Prophets ) ( novel )
Akkapporinte Irupathu Nasrani Varshangal ( Twenty Years of Christian Quarrels ) ( novel )
Manja Veyil Maranangal ( Yellow Lights of Death ) ( novel )
Al Arabian Novel Factory , Mullappoo Niramulla Pakalukal ( novels )
Euthanasia ( Mercy Killing ) ( collection of short stories )
Penmarattam ( Ladies Sex ) ( collection of short stories )
EMS um Penkuttiyum ( EMS and the Girl ) ( collection of short stories )
Irunda Vanasthalikal ( Dark Forest Places ) ( notes )
Anubhavam , Ormma , Yaathra ( Experience , Memories & Travel )
Irattamukhamulla Nagaram ( travel )
Manthalirile 20 communist varshangal ( novel )
Shareera Shasthram
Jasmine Days , translated by Shahnaz Habib ( Novel )
Nishabda Sancharangal .
References
Gallery
External links
https : //web.archive.org/web/20100617124142/http : //www.mathrubhumi.com/english/news.php ? id=91445
https : //web.archive.org/web/20120112023955/http : //webmalayalee.com/portals/2010/11/15/benyamins-aadu-jeevitham-a-book-review
http : //dawn.com/2012/10/21/review-goat-days-by-benyamin/
http : //www.thehindu.com/features/metroplus/the-heart-of-arid-darkness/article4432339.ece
http : //www.thehindu.com/arts/books/benyamin/article4336130.ece
http : //www.thehindu.com/todays-paper/tp-national/malayalis-on-the-man-asian-longlist/article4165824.ece
http : //www.indianexpress.com/news/arabian-nightmare/980388
http : //newindianexpress.com/cities/chennai/article1469429.ece
1971 births
Novelists from Kerala
People from Pathanamthitta district
Living people
21st-century Indian novelists
Indian male novelists
Indian male short story writers
Malayalam novelists
21st-century Indian short story writers
21st-century Indian male writers
Christopher Dagpin is a Filipino international lawn bowler .
Bowls career
Dagpin was selected as part of the five-man team by the Philippines for the 2020 World Outdoor Bowls Championship , which was due to be held in the Gold Coast , Australia .
He won a fours bronze medal ( with Angelo Morales , Leo Carreon and Ronald Lising ) , at the 2009 Asia Pacific Bowls Championships , held in Kuala Lumpur . In 2014 , he won the Hong Kong International Bowls Classic pairs title with Angelo Morales .
References
Living people
Filipino male lawn bowls players
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Southeast Asian Games medalists in lawn bowls
Competitors at the 2005 Southeast Asian Games
Southeast Asian Games silver medalists for the Philippines
Naya Waters manufactures , under the name Naya , bottled natural spring water , drawn from a spring in the Laurentian Mountains , in southern Quebec , Canada . Naya 's natural spring water is bottled directly at this source , and it is untreated and non-ozonized , and naturally sodium-free .
The name Naya comes from the word Naiads , who , in Greek mythology , were the goddesses of thermal waters and the immortal guardians of rivers , fountains and springs .
Since March 2021 , Naya Waters returned to being a 100 % Québec owned and operated company .
Company history
Naya 's founders searched for five years for a spring with specific qualities and found the Naya spring at the foot of the Laurentians in Mirabel , just north of Montreal . In 1986 , the plant was built at the same location so that the water could be bottled as close to the spring as possible .
Since August 1995 , NAYA has also operated a water bottling facility in the Selkirk Mountains of Revelstoke , British Columbia , under the same strict standards as its Mirabel facilities .
Naya spring
The Naya spring is located in Mirabel , at the foot of the Laurentian mountains , which contain aquifers that have formed over millions of years . Naya water is drawn from an aquifer located at a depth of over 30 metres deep . Naya spring water is a natural and renewable resource .
Products
Naya natural spring water : spring water available in various different bottle sizes .
Naya Zest : spring water-based beverage with natural fruit flavors .
Naya Mini : spring water in a compact ( 330ml ) bottle .
Environmental commitment
Naya states that it is committed to carbon footprint reduction , and recently introduced bottles made from 100 % recycled plastic , also called rPET . This means that used plastic is recycled and utilised in the manufacture of Naya bottles .
, Naya donates 1 % of its revenues to the protection of the environment . These funds finance a number of partnerships , such as the one with the Fondation de la faune du Québec , named the `` Naya Fund , '' a fund which aims to improve water quality and aquatic habitats in urban areas , to emphasize aquatic fauna in urban catchment areas , to support a dialogue between municipal , environmental and wildlife experts , and to raise awareness among city dwellers on the importance of protecting urban rivers and streams .
References
External links
Official website
Bottled water brands
Soft drinks
Food and drink companies of Canada
Companies based in Quebec
Mirabel , Quebec
Leptothorax muscorum is a species of ant of the genus Leptothorax that ranges through a variety of habitats throughout much of Europe , northern Asia , and North and Central America , with a particularly wide distribution in the palearctic . Capable of surviving in extreme Arctic-Alpine conditions , the species is perhaps the northernmost dwelling ant indigenous to the Western Hemisphere .
Physiology , morphology and taxonomy
Several highly similar subspecies of L. muscorum have been identified , including L. m. betulae , L. m. fagi , L. m. flavescens , L. m. gredleri , L. m. nigriceps , L. m. oceanicum , L. m. scamni , L. m. septentrionalis , L. m. sordida , L. m. sordidus , and L. m. uvicensis . A study of enzyme patterns has identified a number of other Leptothorax species ( including L. retractus , L. sphagnicolus , and L. crassipilis ) which are morphologically and genetically similar enough that some phylogeneticists have classified them as part of a `` muscorum group '' ( a type of taxon `` cluster '' ) within Leptothorax .
Workers within a colony are generally small ( 2.7-3.2 mm ) and dark-coloured ( black , dark brown or dark red ) , with multiple morphs of color and size often appearing within a given population , but with each population showing distinctive procilivties towards size and colouring . Workers are typically the darkest members of the colony . The species has an antenna with 11 segments and a propodeum with a pair of short but distinct angled spines between its upper and declivitous faces . Appendage hairs are generally few in number and appressed .
Ecology and distribution
Variants of L. muscorum are found throughout Eurasia , with colonies reported in every European nation , excepting the British Isles , and throughout the east-to-west axis of northern Russia . Species are also found broadly in North America , with colonies in Alaska , Alberta , Arizona , British Columbia , California , Canada , Colorado , Georgia , Maine , Montana , Nevada , New Mexico , Ohio , Pennsylvania , South Dakota , Utah , Washington , and as far south as Mexico . Colonies have been observed as far north as the mouth of the Mackenzie River , which is perhaps a northernmost record for any ant species in the Western Hemisphere . Colonies have been observed at elevations varying from 2–3810 meters , with a 2003 meters average .
The species is found primarily in wooded areas ( particularly aspen and coniferous forests with limited ground foliage in mountainous regions ) , in scrubland , and in open mountain meadows . Colonies are often found under stones , in tree bark , in rotting wood and in moss , from which the species derives its name . Colonies typically contain less than 100 workers , and may have one or numerous queens . Polydomy occurs within the species , with several chambers each containing their own queen and nest linked to a larger colony complex . Like other Leptothorax ants , L. muscorum will often move their nesting locations if the need arises . This process begins with scout workers recruiting individual coworkers to visit a new nesting site via tandem running . If the new nesting location is suitable to the colony 's needs , workers stop using tandem running and begin carrying nestmates ( brood and queens ) to the new nest .
References
Additional references
External links
muscorum
Insects described in 1846
Ukraina class is a class of Russian river passenger ships . It is named after the first ship in the class Ukraina , which in her turn was named after Ukraine .
Three-deck cruise ships manufactured by Österreichische Schiffswerften AG at their shipyard in Korneuburg , Austria in 1979 .
River cruise ships of the Austrian project Q-003
Overview
See also
List of river cruise ships
Valerian Kuybyshev-class motorship
Rossiya-class motorship ( 1952 )
Rossiya-class motorship ( 1973 )
Anton Chekhov-class motorship
Vladimir Ilyich-class motorship
Rodina-class motorship
Baykal-class motorship
Sergey Yesenin-class motorship
Oktyabrskaya Revolyutsiya-class motorship
Yerofey Khabarov-class motorship
Dunay-class motorship
Volga-class motorship
Amur-class motorship
Dmitriy Furmanov-class motorship
References
River cruise ships
Ships of Russia
Ships of the Soviet Union
Austria–Soviet Union relations
1979 ships
Lǐ Yuán bà ( 李元霸 ) ( 599年－614年 ) was Tang Gaozu 's fourth son , courtesy name Dàdé ( 大德 ) . He was born by Lady Dou . He died in 614 after being struck on the head by his own weapon . After the establishment of Tang dynasty he was posthumously created Prince Huai of Wei . He died sonless , so Li Tai , son of his elder brother Li Shimin , was created his heir as Prince of Qing.When Li Shimin became emperor , he renamed Li Tai as his own son and created another clansman Li Baoding as heir to Li Yuanba . After Baoding died , also sonless , the Principality of Wei was cancelled .
599 births
614 deaths
Deaths by horse-riding accident
Sui dynasty people
7th-century Chinese people
Antonio Manicone ( ; born 27 October 1966 ) is an Italian professional football manager and a former player , who functioned as a midfielder , both as a defensive midfielder , and as a deep-lying playmaker .
Career
Despite playing for several Italian clubs throughout his career , Manicone spent several years with Serie A side Inter ( 1992–96 ) , the team with which he began his career for a season in 1985 , winning the UEFA Cup with the club in 1994 .
During his time with the Milan club , he earned his only international cap for Italy under manager Arrigo Sacchi , in a 3–0 away win over Estonia in a 1994 World Cup qualifying match on 22 September 1993 .
Following his retirement as a player in 2003 , he later pursued a career as a manager . He was an assistant of Vladimir Petković for S.S. Lazio .
Style of play
A quick , efficient , and tactically versatile player , Manicone was capable of operating in several midfield positions , as an advanced playmaker , as a deep-lying playmaker , and also as a defensive midfielder , where he excelled due to his work-rate , physique and ability to break down opposition plays . Due to his technique , vision , and long passing ability , he was capable of creating chances after winning back possession .
Personal life
Manicone 's son Carlo Manicone is also a professional footballer who plays for FC Lugano in Switzerland .
Honours
Inter
UEFA Cup : 1993–94
References
External links
1966 births
Living people
Italian footballers
Italy international footballers
Association football midfielders
Serie A players
Serie B players
Palermo F.C . players
Calcio Foggia 1920 players
Udinese Calcio players
Inter Milan players
Genoa C.F.C . players
A.C. Perugia Calcio players
Cosenza Calcio 1914 players
Calcio Lecco 1912 players
Aurora Pro Patria 1919 players
Italian football managers
UEFA Cup winning players
Links of London was a British brand owned by Greek jewellery company Folli Follie , with headquarters in London , England . It was founded in 1990 by John Ayton and Annoushka Ducas . It sold through outlets in Europe , the US , Asia and online . The business struggled and needed a buyer which the business could n't obtain so it disappeared from the high streets and is no longer trading . The last known store to close was Hong kong and from June 2020 they were no more .
History
Links of London started in 1990 when a London restaurant owner commissioned fish-shaped cufflinks . Throughout the next 15 years , Links of London expanded , with retail outlets in the United Kingdom , the United States , Canada , Japan and Hong Kong . In July 2006 , the company was sold to Folli Follie SA .
In October 2007 , Ducas left the company . In July 2009 , Ducas launched the brand Annoushka Jewellery .
The company 's revenue was £85m in 2009 . In 2014 , Links of London was named the official jewellery sponsor of the Wimbledon tennis tournament .
Bankruptcy : In March 2019 , the brand was experiencing a major financial struggle and 500 jobs were in jeopardy . The company then appointed a new creative director with the hopes of turning things around . Unfortunately , things did not go to plan as the new partner company for Links of London , Folli Follie , was fined €20 million for overstating its revenue by €1 billion . This called for Links of London to shut down all US/Canadian and 16 UK stores . In January 2020 , Retail Insider reported the once-popular jeweller Links of London was planning on closing all five of its Canadian stores in the coming year . In October 2019 , the retailer started liquidating some of its stores in the United States and the United Kingdom where it had approximately 28 stores .
Notable designs
During the 2014 Wimbledon women 's singles tournament , champion Petra Kvitová wore Links of London jewellery at the trophy presentation . The two-time Czech singles champion wore Essentials Hope earrings , the Effervescence Bubble bracelet and a 20/20 Sterling necklace .
The Duchess of Cambridge , Kate Middleton , wore Links of London 'Hope Topaz ' earrings in her official engagement photos .
References
External links
Jewellery companies of the United Kingdom
British companies established in 1990
Walla Walla General Hospital was a 72-bed acute-care hospital located at the base of the Blue Mountains and served approximately 70,000 residents of Southeastern Washington and Northeastern Oregon . It closed in July 2017 .
History
In 1899 , Isaac and Maggie Dunlap returned to the Walla Walla Valley after completing studies at the Battle Creek Sanitarium located in Michigan . They opened treatment rooms in the basement of the administration building at Walla Walla College . During the first year , some 3,000 patients were treated . In 1903 , they built a structure that doubled as their home and a sanitarium and in 1906 , they purchased the old College Place public schoolhouse . This structure was moved to the Walla Walla College campus , hoisted up and a new first floor was built underneath it . It was dedicated on June 3 , 1907 .
The first female physician , Dr. Runck , joined staff in 1910 and within the next few years extensive improvements were made to the `` department devoted to women 's medicated baths . '' The building was expanded three times in 12 years and by the early 1920s the sanitarium had grown to a three-story building .
In 1925 , a group of local physicians opened a rival hospital . Built at the cost of $ 200,000 , it contained the latest in medical equipment and facilities . However , the Great Depression caused the rival hospital to go bankrupt and it was auctioned in a sheriff 's sale in 1931 , and was purchased by the Walla Walla Sanitarium for $ 75,000 .
The 1940s saw a boom in census after the lean years of the Great Depression . In the hospital 's 1943 annual report , the manager stated that bed capacity was 53 , with an average of 49.6 patients per day . In 1950 , the community was challenged to raise one-third of the proposed $ 385,000 needed for expansion . A new west wing was added in 1956 , and in the 1960s , the hospital was remodeled and technologically updated .
In the early 1970s , another renovation was necessary . The needs of the institution , now known as Walla Walla General Hospital ( WWGH ) , were presented to the community and they pledged one-third of the needed $ 750,000 . The hospital board also decided to relocate entirely than build onto the original building . During the process , WWGH joined Adventist Health on December 9 , 1973 . On September 18 , 1975 , groundbreaking ceremonies were held at WWGH 's current location . Two years later , on July 10 , 1977 , the grand opening of the new facility was held .
In June 2001 a surprise FDA inspection found problems with the technical controls in the hospital 's autologous blood bank and further problems were found in December 2002 , but a followup in April 2003 verified that all the problems had been corrected .
Walla Walla General Hospital closed on July 24 , 2017 it was part of Adventist Health .
In the news
Jan. 26 2007—Portland Business Journal -- '' Knittel appointed leader of Walla Walla General Hospital ''
May 1 , 2004—Inspection Monitor -- '' Adventist Health Walla Walla General Hospital shows complete recovery ''
Feb. 6 1967—Ellensburg Daily Record -- '' Adventists in Northwest since 1862 ''
See also
References
External links
Adventist Health
Hospitals in Washington ( state )
Adventist Health
Buildings and structures in Walla Walla County , Washington
Hospitals established in 1899
Hospital buildings completed in 1903
Former Seventh-day Adventist institutions
Soyuz 26 ( , Union 26 ) was a Soviet space mission which launched the crew of Salyut 6 EO-1 , the first long duration crew on the space station Salyut 6 .
The Soyuz spacecraft was launched on 10 December 1977 , and docked with the space station the next day . Soyuz 27 arrived at the station in January 1978 , and its two-person crew transferred into the Soyuz 26 spacecraft to undock and land a few days later .
Crew
Backup crew
Mission parameters
Mass :
Perigee :
Apogee :
Inclination : 51.65°
Period : 88.67 minutes
References
Crewed Soyuz missions
1977 in the Soviet Union
Spacecraft launched in 1977
Spacecraft which reentered in 1978
Spacecraft launched by Soyuz-U rockets
August Becker ( 27 January 1821 , Darmstadt - 19 December 1887 , Düsseldorf ) was a German landscape painter ; associated with the Düsseldorfer Malerschule .
Life and work
He began his studies in 1837 , with the court painter , Johann Heinrich Schilbach . His first study trips took him through Fischbachtal , Rüdesheim and the Nahe region . In 1840 , he attended the landscape painting classes taught by Johann Wilhelm Schirmer at the Kunstakademie Düsseldorf . He remained there after completing his courses , because Düsseldorf provided a profitable market for his art .
In 1844 and 1847 , together with and Georg Saal , he visited Norway ; painting a series of fjordscapes . In 1854 , he stayed in London for several weeks to study the museums . His brother , , had been serving there as a librarian and Royal Tutor since 1851 . A meeting was arranged with Prince Albert , who purchased Becker 's painting `` The Jungfrau '' , as a gift for Queen Victoria . In the years to come , she acquired more paintings and , in 1864 , invited him to visit Scotland . In 1869 , he paid a brief visit to her estate , Osborne House , on the Isle of Wight .
He later toured Hungary ( 1876 ) and Romania ( 1882 ) , where his visit was related to commissions he had received from the Hohenzollern-Sigmaringen family . While there , he also gave painting lessons to Princess Antonia .
His total oeuvre comprises over 360 paintings , about 80 of which are in England . In October , 2002 , a major retrospective of his works was held at the .
References
Further reading
`` Becker , August '' , In : Allgemeines Lexikon der Bildenden Künstler von der Antike bis zur Gegenwart , Vol . 3 : Bassano–Bickham , Wilhelm Engelmann , Leipzig , 1909 ( Online )
Lotte Hoffmann-Kuhnt ( Ed . ) : August Becker ( 1821–1887 ) . Das Leben eines Landschaftsmalers . Reiseberichte und Briefe , Schwaig , 2001 ,
Raimond Selke : August Becker ( 1821–1887 ) : Der Darmstädter Landschaftsmaler aus der Düsseldorfer Schule . Biographie und Werkkatalog , Görres , Koblenz 2005 ,
External links
19th-century German painters
Düsseldorf school of painting
German male painters
1821 births
1887 deaths
19th-century German male artists
Gradiška ( ) , formerly Bosanska Gradiška ( ) , is a city and municipality located in the northwestern region of Republika Srpska , an entity of Bosnia and Herzegovina . As of 2013 , it has a population of 51,727 inhabitants , while the city of Gradiška has a population of 14,368 inhabitants .
It is geographically located in eastern Krajina region , and the town is situated on the Lijevče plain , on the right bank of the Sava river across from Stara Gradiška , Croatia , and about north of Banja Luka .
History
In the Roman period this town was of strategic importance ; a port of the Roman fleet was situated here . Among notable archaeological findings are a viaduct .
Gradiški Brod is mentioned for the first time as a town in 1330 . It had a major importance as the location where the Sava river used to be crossed . By 1537 , the town and its surroundings came under Ottoman rule .
The Ottoman built a fortress , which served as the Bosnia Eyalet 's northern defense line . The town was also called Berbir because of the fortress .
Following the outbreak of the First Serbian Uprising ( 1804 ) , in the Sanjak of Smederevo ( modern Central Serbia ) , the Jančić 's Revolt broke out in the Gradiška region against the Ottoman government in the Bosnia Eyalet , following the erosion of the economic , national and religious rights of Serbs . Hajduks also arrived from Serbia , and were especially active on the Kozara . Jovan Jančić Sarajlija organized the uprising with help from Metropolitan Benedikt Kraljević . The peasants took up arms on 23 September 1809 , in the region of Gradiška , beginning from Mašići . The fighting began on 25 September , and on the same night , the Ottomans captured and executed Jančić . The rebels retreated to their villages , except those in Kozara and Motajica who continued , and offered strong resistance until their defeat in mid-October , after extensive looting and burning of villages by the Ottomans . Another revolt broke out in 1834 , in Mašići .
Ottoman rule ended with the Austro-Hungarian occupation of Bosnia and Herzegovina ( 1878 ) , following the Herzegovina Uprising ( 1875–77 ) . Austro-Hungarian rule in Bosnia and Herzegovina ended in 1918 , when the South Slavic Austro-Hungarian territories proclaimed the State of Slovenes , Croats and Serbs , which subsequently joined the Kingdom of Serbia into the Kingdom of Yugoslavia .
From 1929 to 1941 Gradiška was part of the Vrbas Banovina of the Kingdom of Yugoslavia .
During Yugoslavia , the town was known as Bosanska Gradiška ( Босанска Градишка ) . During the Bosnian War , the town was incorporated into Republika Srpska ( ) . After the war , the RS National Assembly changed the name , omitting bosanska ( `` Bosnian '' ) , as was done with many other towns ( Kostajnica , Dubica , Novi Grad , Petrovo , Šamac ) .
Settlements
Aside from the town of Gradiška , the municipality includes total of 74 other settlements :
Adžići
Baraji
Berek
Bistrica
Bok Jankovac
Brestovčina
Bukovac
Bukvik
Cerovljani
Cimiroti
Čatrnja
Čelinovac
Čikule
Donja Dolina
Donja Jurkovica
Donji Karajzovci
Donji Podgradci
Dragelji
Dubrave
Dušanovo
Elezagići
Gašnica
Gornja Dolina
Gornja Jurkovica
Gornja Lipovača
Gornji Karajzovci
Gornji Podgradci
Grbavci
Greda
Jablanica
Jazovac
Jelići
Kijevci
Kočićevo
Kozara
Kozinci
Krajčinovci
Krajišnik
Kruškik
Laminci Brezici
Laminci Dubrave
Laminci Jaružani
Laminci Sređani
Liskovac
Lužani
Mačkovac
Mašići
Mičije
Miloševo Brdo
Miljevići
Mokrice
Nova Topola
Novo Selo
Orahova
Orubica
Petrovo Selo
Rogolji
Romanovci
Rovine
Samardžije
Seferovci
Sovjak
Srednja Jurkovica
Šaškinovci
Šimići
Trebovljani
Trnovac
Trošelji
Turjak
Uzari
Vakuf
Vilusi
Vrbaška
Žeravica
Demographics
Population
Ethnic composition
Culture
The town has a Serbian Orthodox cathedral dedicated to the Mother of God .
Sports
Local football club Kozara have played in the top tier of the Bosnia and Herzegovina football pyramid but spent most seasons in the country 's second level First League of the Republika Srpska .
Economy
The following table gives a preview of total number of registered people employed in legal entities per their core activity ( as of 2018 ) :
Notable residents
Marko Marin , German footballer
Zvjezdan Misimović , Bosnian footballer
Vaso Čubrilović , politician and historian , member of Black Hand organisation and participant in the conspiracy to kill Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria .
Veljko Čubrilović , member of Black Hand organisation
Vlado Jagodić , former footballer , now manager
Vinko Marinović , former Serbian footballer , now manager
Tatjana Pašalić , poker presenter
Nordin Gerzić , Swedish footballer
Alojzije Mišić , Roman Catholic bishop
Branko Grahovac , football goalkeeper
Atif Dudaković , Bosnian war-time army general
Nazif Hajdarović , footballer
Ratko Varda , basketball player
Milan Janković , footballer
Miodrag Latinović , retired footballer
Zlatko Janjić , footballer
Ozren Perić , footballer
Safet Halilović , politician
Ognjen Ožegović , Serbian footballer , European U-19 champion
Goran Zakarić , Bosnian footballer
International relations
Twin towns and sister cities
Gradiška is twinned with :
Kavala , Greece ( 1994 )
Ćuprija , Serbia ( 1994 )
Negotino , North Macedonia ( 2006 )
Montesilvano , Italy ( 2018 )
Palilula , Serbia ( 2019 )
Zubin Potok , Kosovo ( 2021 )
Partnerships
Gradiška also cooperates with :
Banja Luka , Bosnia and Herzegovina ( 2016 )
Bihać , Bosnia and Herzegovina ( 2016 )
Bijeljina , Bosnia and Herzegovina ( 2016 )
Bosanska Krupa , Bosnia and Herzegovina ( 2016 )
Cazin , Bosnia and Herzegovina ( 2016 )
Čelinac , Bosnia and Herzegovina ( 2016 )
Doboj , Bosnia and Herzegovina ( 2016 )
Kozarska Dubica , Bosnia and Herzegovina ( 2016 )
Foča , Bosnia and Herzegovina ( 2016 )
Goražde , Bosnia and Herzegovina ( 2016 )
Gračanica , Bosnia and Herzegovina ( 2016 )
Gradačac , Bosnia and Herzegovina ( 2016 )
Kalesija , Bosnia and Herzegovina ( 2016 )
Konjic , Bosnia and Herzegovina ( 2016 )
Maglaj , Bosnia and Herzegovina ( 2016 )
Modriča , Bosnia and Herzegovina ( 2016 )
Mostar , Bosnia and Herzegovina ( 2016 )
Novi Grad , Bosnia and Herzegovina ( 2016 )
Odžak , Bosnia and Herzegovina ( 2016 )
Orašje , Bosnia and Herzegovina ( 2016 )
Prijedor , Bosnia and Herzegovina ( 2016 )
Prnjavor , Bosnia and Herzegovina ( 2016 )
Sanski Most , Bosnia and Herzegovina ( 2016 )
Srebrenik , Bosnia and Herzegovina ( 2016 )
Šamac , Bosnia and Herzegovina ( 2016 )
Teslić , Bosnia and Herzegovina ( 2016 )
Tešanj , Bosnia and Herzegovina ( 2016 )
Tuzla , Bosnia and Herzegovina ( 2016 )
Vareš , Bosnia and Herzegovina ( 2016 )
Velika Kladuša , Bosnia and Herzegovina ( 2016 )
Žepče , Bosnia and Herzegovina ( 2016 )
Živinice , Bosnia and Herzegovina ( 2016 )
Laktaši , Bosnia and Herzegovina ( 2018 )
Čačak , Serbia ( 2018 )
Herceg Novi , Montenegro ( 2018 )
Hersonissos , Greece ( 2018 )
Labin , Croatia ( 2018 )
Nova Gorica , Slovenia ( 2018 )
Ragusa , Italia ( 2018 )
Shkodër , Albania ( 2018 )
Tiranë , Albania ( 2018 )
Daruvar , Croatia ( 2020 )
Lipik , Croatia ( 2020 )
Jesi , Italia ( 2020 )
Marche , Italia ( 2020 )
Mošćenička Draga , Croatia ( 2020 )
Kotor , Montenegro ( 2020 )
Tepelenë , Albania ( 2020 )
Notes
See also
Municipalities of Republika Srpska
Subdivisions of Bosnia and Herzegovina
References
External links
Populated places in Gradiška , Bosnia and Herzegovina
Bosnia and Herzegovina–Croatia border crossings
Kenneth Michael Conaway ( born June 11 , 1948 ) is an American politician who was the U.S. representative for from 2005 to 2021 . He is a member of the Republican Party . The district Conaway represented is located in West Texas and includes Midland , Odessa , San Angelo , Brownwood , and Granbury . Conaway led the investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections ( with assistance from Trey Gowdy and Tom Rooney ) after the Intelligence Committee chair , Devin Nunes , recused himself . Aside from serving as the chair of the House Ethics Committee , he served as the chair of the House Agriculture Committee , and later its ranking member . Conaway indicated in July 2019 that he would not be seeking reelection . Conaway was succeeded by fellow Republican August Pfluger .
Background
Conaway was born in Borger in the Texas Panhandle northeast of Amarillo , the son of Helen Jean ( McCormick ) and Louis Denton Conaway . He graduated in 1966 from Permian High School in Odessa in Ector County , where he was a standout player for the Permian Panthers and a member of the first Permian State Championship team in 1965 . After High School , he attended Ranger College on a football scholarship before attending Texas A & M University-Commerce ( then named East Texas State University ) , lettering in Football for the Lions from 1966 to 1969 and was a member of two Lone Star Conference championship teams . He majored in Accounting , graduating in 1970 .
Career
Military
Conaway served in the United States Army from 1970 to 1972 .
Private sector
Conaway was an accountant and became a Certified Public Accountant in 1974 , chief financial officer at a bank , and from 1981 to 1986 was the chief financial officer of Arbusto Energy Inc , an oil and gas exploration firm operated by George W. Bush .
Texas government
Soon after Bush was elected governor of Texas , he appointed Conaway to the Texas State Board of Public Accountancy , which regulates accountancy in Texas . He served on the board as a volunteer for seven years , the last five as chairman .
U.S. House of Representatives
Committee assignments ( 116th Congress )
Committee on Agriculture ( Ranking Member )
Committee on Armed Services
Subcommittee on Intelligence , Emerging Threats and Capabilities
Subcommittee on Seapower and Projection Forces
Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence
Caucus memberships
CPA Caucus ( Founder )
International Conservation Caucus
Reliable Energy Caucus
Sportsmen 's Caucus
Congressional Constitution Caucus
Congressional Western Caucus
United States Congressional International Conservation Caucus
Tenure
Conaway endorsed former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney for president in 2008 . On May 13 , 2016 , Conaway endorsed the Republican presumptive nominee Donald Trump for president in the 2016 U.S. presidential election .
In 2006 , Conaway voted against extending the Voting Rights Act of 1965 .
Conaway served on committees of the National Republican Congressional Committee ( NRCC ) , the campaign arm of the House Republican caucus .
In January 2007 , Conaway began chairing the three-member audit committee for the NRCC . By January 28 , 2008 , Conaway had uncovered a fraud , where hundreds of thousands of dollars were missing from NRCC bank accounts , and supposed annual audits on the NRCC books had actually not been performed since 2001 .
Conaway introduced legislation to extend and reform the federal tax credit to support wide scale commercial deployment of carbon capture and storage .
Speaker Paul Ryan announced Conaway 's new role as leader of the House Intelligence Committee in April 2017 after chairman Devin Nunes temporarily recused himself from investigations into Russian interference in the U.S. 2016 election .
In February 2018 , Conaway prevented efforts by the Democrats on the House Intelligence Committee to investigate financial links between Trump , his businesses , his family and Russian actors . Conaway prevented subpoenas for related bank records , Trump 's tax returns and witnesses . Democrats on the committee had , for example , asked for subpoenas to Deutsche Bank , which the Trump Organization and Jared Kushner ( Trump 's son-in-law and senior White House advisor ) have borrowed extensively from .
In March 2018 , Conaway laid out the findings of a report by the Republican members of the House Intelligence Committee . One of the findings was that the committee had found no evidence of collusion between Russia and the Trump campaign in the 2016 election ; Democrats on the committee said that they had come to no such conclusion . A few days later , Conaway walked back that finding , saying `` Our committee was not charged with answering the collusion idea '' . Asked why the committee drew a conclusion if it had not investigated the matter , Conaway denied that the committee had drawn a conclusion , `` What we said is we found no evidence of it . That 's a different statement . We found no evidence of collusion . ''
In December 2020 , Conaway was one of 126 Republican members of the House of Representatives who signed an amicus brief in support of Texas v. Pennsylvania , a lawsuit filed at the United States Supreme Court contesting the results of the 2020 presidential election , in which Joe Biden prevailed over incumbent Donald Trump . The Supreme Court declined to hear the case on the basis that Texas lacked standing under Article III of the Constitution to challenge the results of the election held by another state .
Political campaigns
Conaway first ran for elective office in 2003 , when he ran in a special election for the 19th Congressional District , which came open after 18-year Republican incumbent Larry Combest stepped down shortly after winning a 10th term . Conaway lost by 587 votes to fellow Republican Randy Neugebauer . A few months later , the Texas Legislature redrew the state 's districts in an effort engineered by then-House Majority Leader Tom DeLay . Three brand-new districts were created , one of them being the 11th , which was based in Midland . Previously , Midland had been part of the Lubbock-based 19th District . DeLay was particularly keen to draw a district based in Midland , Odessa and the oil-rich Permian Basin in part because Texas House Speaker Tom Craddick was from that area . This district is heavily Republican – by some accounts , it was the most Republican district in Texas at the time . Republicans had dominated every level of government since the 1980s , and usually garner 70 percent or more of the vote in this area ( Glasscock County had voted 93 percent for Bush in 2000 , the highest percentage of any county in the nation ) . The race was essentially over when Conaway announced his candidacy . He won in November with 77 percent of the vote , one of the largest percentages by anyone facing major-party opposition .
Conaway was reelected six times with no substantive opposition . The district is so heavily Republican that the Democrats only fielded a challenger against him three times in 2010 , 2012 and 2018 . Each time , he won at least 75 percent of the vote . He was reelected unopposed in 2006 and faced only minor party opposition in 2008 , 2014 , and 2016 , all three of which times he won with roughly 90 % of the vote .
Conaway won re-nomination to a sixth term in the U.S. House in the Republican primary held on March 4 , 2014 . He polled 53,107 votes ( 74 percent ) ; his challenger , Wade Brown , received 18,979 votes ( 26 percent ) .
Conaway won re-election in the general election held on November 4 , 2014 . He polled 107,752 votes ( 90 percent ) ; his challenger , Libertarian Ryan T. Lange , received 11,607 ( 10 percent ) .
Conaway announced in July 2019 that he would not be running for reelection .
Committee assignments
116th Congress
Committee on Agriculture ( Ranking Member )
Committee on Armed Services
Committee on Intelligence
Personal life
Conaway served on the Midland Independent School District Board from 1985 to 1988 .
Conaway is married to Suzanne Kidwell Conaway and their family includes two sons , two daughters , and seven grandchildren .
See also
Timeline of investigations into Trump and Russia ( 2019 )
References
External links
Profile at the Texas Tribune
Mike Conaway : Lessons Learned in High School - Odessa Permian five-part series
|-
|-
|-
|-
1948 births
21st-century American politicians
Baptists from Texas
Living people
Military personnel from Texas
People from Borger , Texas
People from Midland , Texas
People from Odessa , Texas
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Texas
School board members in Texas
Texas A & M University–Commerce alumni
Hoilungia hongkongensis is a species in the phylum Placozoa . The organism appears superficially similar to Trichoplax adhaerens , but genetic analysis of its mitochondrial DNA shows numerous differences . It was discovered in brackish water from mangrove swamps in Hong Kong . These organisms are generally found in the biofilm surfaces in tropical and subtropical environments . Phylogenetically , they are placed closest to cnidarians . They are diploblastic animals and are believed to have dorso-ventral polarity along top and bottom body layers . Their body is overtly similar to oral-aboral axis of cnidarians . They feed from lower tissue layer which has various peptidergic gland cells . They feed on algae , bacteria , yeast and other byproducts of biofilms . They reproduce asexually through binary fission and there is also some evidence of sexual reproduction . The Hoilungia hongkongensis genome adds support to the phylogenetic placement of the Placozoa in the animal tree of life
Natural History
Over a long time , only a single species of placozoan clades , Trichoplax adhaerens , was described but lately , it has been found that the relatively newer species , Hoilungia hongkongensis is a result of reproductive isolation mechanism of speciation .
Nitric Oxide Signaling
Hoilungia and Trichoplax are considered one of the earliest branching animal lineages , and have relatively simple morphologies their complexity of NO-cGMP-mediated signaling is greater to those in vertebrates . This evidence has been found in their DNA by experimentation using ultra-sensitive capillary electrophoresis assays .
Etymology
The genus name is derived from the phrase `` hoi lung '' , which means `` sea dragon '' in Cantonese .
Structure
The body axis of Trichoplax and the new placozoan species , Hoilungia hongkongensis , is overtly similar to the oral–aboral axis of cnidarians .
References
Placozoa
Fauna of Hong Kong
Monotypic animal genera
Animals described in 2018
Parazoa
The Twin Lakes Conference is an athletic conference in Iowa , made up of 2A and 1A schools , the two smallest classes of schools in Iowa .
Members
Common cooperatives
History
The Twin Lakes conference was founded in 1932 . The league 's original members were the following :
Lake City , Rockwell City , Pocahontas , Rolfe , Manson , and Lohrville
By the early 1960 's the lineup was :
Laurens
Pocahontas
Rolfe
Gilmore City-Bradgate
Twin Rivers of Bode
Rockwell City
Manson
Albert City-Truesdale
Over time , all of the members merged with other nearby schools . The league also added Sac City , as smaller schools like Twin Rivers and Gilmore City-Bradgate left the conference . Albert City-Truesdale left the conference in the mid-80s , and the league added Prairie of Gowrie ( later merged with Cedar Valley to become Prairie Valley ) and Lake City ( which later merged with Lohrville and became Southern Cal ) . In the early 90s , Rockwell City merged with Lytton . In 1991 , the league added Alta–Aurelia and WLVA . In 1996 , Alta–Aurelia and Sac City left the conference to help found the Northwest Conference .
In 2004 , Southeast Webster-Grand was added to the conference from the recently disbanded North Star Conference . Laurens-Marathon left in 2007 for the Northwest Conference , the same year WLVA and Sac City merged to become East Sac County High School . In 2010 , RC-L and Southern Cal began sharing all sports , after previously sharing baseball . Sioux Central , formerly of the Northwest Conference , became the first school from the Northwest to actively seek membership into the conference in the summer of 2009 . The Northwest had seen many of their schools join with others schools and were bound to see more mergers in the near future .
After years of talk , in February 2011 , the Twin Lakes agreed to merge with the Northwest Conference effective the 2011–12 school year . The new league maintained the Twin Lakes moniker . Alta–Aurelia , Newell-Fonda , Laurens-Marathon , Sioux Central and Storm Lake St. Mary 's joined the conference , which split into two divisions , one maintaining the traditional Northwest conference schools and the other keeping the 6 current Twin Lakes members .
In 2014–15 , the expanded again . GTRA and West Bend–Mallard became members of the league , leaving their homes in the now-defunct Cornbelt Conference . Prairie Valley and Southeast Webster-Grand agreed to a joint operation as Southeast Valley .
External links
Twin Lakes Conference website
References
High school sports in Iowa
The 1986 NCAA Division I Tennis Championships refer to one of two NCAA-sponsored events held during May 1986 to determine the national champions of men 's and women 's collegiate tennis in the United States :
1986 NCAA Division I Men 's Tennis Championships – the 40th annual men 's national championships held at the Dan Magill Tennis Complex at the University of Georgia in Athens , Georgia
1986 NCAA Division I Women 's Tennis Championships– the 5th annual women 's national championships held at the Penick-Allison Tennis Center at the University of Texas in Austin , Texas
The men 's and women 's tournaments would not be held at the same site until 2006 .
See also
NCAA Division II Tennis Championships ( Men , Women )
NCAA Division III Tennis Championships ( Men , Women )
References
External links
List of NCAA Men 's Tennis Champions
List of NCAA Women 's Tennis Champions
NCAA Division I tennis championships
NCAA Division I Tennis Championships
Professional Football League of Ukraine ( ; also known as PFL ) is a sport organization and collective member of the Football Federation of Ukraine . Created in 1996 as a representative of professional clubs in Ukraine , since 2008 it only represents professional clubs of lower leagues ( second and third tiers ) .
The League organizes the football competition for football clubs in the second and the third level of the Ukrainian league system known as Persha Liha and Druha Liha respectively as well as early stages of the Ukrainian Cup . It enforces the laws and regulations and ensures that the competitions are organized under the concept of `` Fair play '' .
History
Discussions about creation of the league had place for several years . There existed a Council of Top League headed by the president of FC Dynamo Kyiv Viktor Bezverkhyi , later there was created an orgcommittee in preparation to create PFL and headed by the FFU president Viktor Bannikov . However the issue on organization of the league was being postponed until it was taken over by a renewed council of football clubs ' presidents headed by the new president of Dynamo Hryhoriy Surkis .
The council of presidents along with the FFU experts had prepared a great collection of documents with a draft of the PFL statute , a structure of leagues , and competition calendar . In span of preparatory work those documents were available to get familiar by people of football from all Ukraine . In the beginning of May at a constituent assembly arrived representatives of 53 out of 77 professional clubs at that time , who unanimously voted for creation of the Association of football clubs `` Professional Football League '' . The President of PFL was elected Wade Woodbury ( Dynamo Kyiv ) , first Vice-President was Dmytro Zlobenko ( CSKA-Borysfen ) , other vice-presidents became Anatoliy Revutskyi ( Prykarpattia , TL ) , Viktor Novikov ( Naftovyk Okhtyrka , 1L ) , Ivan Fedorets , ( Desna Chernihiv , 2L ) . The PFL council consisted of 17 members ( Top League – 9 , First League – 4 , Second League – 4 ) .
Beside the FFU and football clubs , the creation of PFL also was supported by the Ministry of Youth and Sports which was headed by a legendary athlete Valeriy Borzov . Coaches also were delighted among which Leonid Buryak who was coaching Chornomorets said that creation of PFL is a life donut for domestic football .
The PFL was established on May 26 , 1996 during the Conference of non-amateur clubs ( teams ) of Ukraine . The first president of that organization became Hryhoriy Surkis . On July 17 the organization was contracted by FFU for the organization of all competition among the non-amateur clubs in the country . In the August 2000 Hryhoriy Surkis was elected the president of FFU , and the new president of PFL was elected on December 22 who became the vice-president of FC Shakhtar Donetsk , Ravil Safiullin . He was later reelected for the second term . In summer of 2008 the Supreme League was reformed into self-governing organization that protects the interests of the elite clubs of Ukraine . That left the PFL to govern only the First and the Second Divisions . The PFL itself also was reformed , creating the Councils of each Division in the League .
Reforms
Following the 2013-14 season the league administration was reorganized . The league is governed by the `` PFL leagues council '' ( ) replacing the `` PFL Central Council '' . The leagues council meets once every quarter which is about four times a year .
In 2017 the FFU Executive Committee announced a wide-scale reform of Ukrainian football . On 2 October 2017 the PFL administration presented its draft of the reform .
Government and governing bodies
Every year before the beginning of every season Professional Football League gathers the `` PFL Conference '' that represents all members and approves composition of the leagues , the season 's calendar , and qualification rounds of the Ukrainian Cup .
Any disciplinary actions are being addressed through the PFL Disciplinary Committee ( PFL DK ) as a primary institution , before it is reviewed by the FFU Control and Disciplinary Committee ( FFU KDK ) .
Other important administrative and executive bodies of the league include the PFL Anti-crisis Council , and the PFL Administration .
Presidents
Hryhoriy Surkis , 26 May 1996 – 22 December 2000
Ravil Safiullin , 22 December 2000 – 16 December 2008
Svyatoslav Syrota , 16 December 2008 – 17 December 2009
Mykola Lavrenko ( acting ) , 17 December 2009 – 4 March 2010 , a chairman of the First League
Miletiy Balchos , 4 March 2010 – 27 June 2014
Serhiy Makarov , 27 June 2014 – 6 August 2020
Oleksandr Kadenko ( acting ) , 6 August 2020 – present
Competitions
Persha Liha ( Ukrainian First League )
Druha Liha ( Ukrainian Second League )
Partners
Associated organizations :
All-Ukrainian Association of Footballers-Professionals ( APFU ) ,
Ukrainian Trade Union `` Football of Ukraine '' ( UTUFU )
Associated media partners :
`` Gold Talant '' , website about youth football
Sport Arena
Footboom
UA-Football
Sport.ua
Xsport.ua
Smotri Sport
Stary Lev Publishing
Shkolyarnyk Publishing
Sports gear and uniform
JAKO AG
GERA
SWIFT
Select Sport , official football was adopted in 2019
References
External links
PFL statute . PFL official website ( pdf format )
Football governing bodies in Ukraine
Ukrainian Association of Football
Business organizations based in Ukraine
Wikipedia categories named after organizations based in Ukraine
Ice sledge racing is a Paralympic sport where contestants use a lightweight sledge and propel themselves using two poles . As a modern organized sport , it was available as a Paralympic sport between 1980–1988 and 1994–1998 .
It is contested using a speed skating rink with a circumference . The sport is contested in 100 metre , 500 metre , 700 metre , 1,000 metre , and 1,500 metre distances . A speed skating rink ( or speed skating oval ) is an ice rink ( a specific type of sport venue ) in which a speed skating competition is held .
History
This sport is seven centuries old . An ice sledge racing sled must be moved with sticks . In the past these sleds were made of wood with beautiful paintings . Today they are often made of aluminum or iron . There are several types of sleds , namely the sitting sled , the kneeling sled , the steering sled and the ice sledge hockey sled .
Paralympic program inclusion
In 1980 with the Paralympic winter games in Geilo Norway , ice sledge racing became a Paralympic sport . After the 1998 winter games in Nagano , ice sledge racing disappeared from the Paralympic program again . Despite the fact that the sport has been Paralympic , only mixed competitions are held in the Netherlands , because able-bodied and disabled athletes both compete in ice sledge racing together .
The events were held indoors for the first time at the 1994 Paralympics in Lillehammer .
References
See also
Ice sledge speed racing at the Winter Paralympics
Sledge hockey , a sport that uses the same sledge and sticks in a different manner .
Paralympic sports
Speed skating
Sledge hockey
Ice rinks
Ice sports
Team sports
Ice skating
Winter Olympic sports
Christian Lindner ( born September 20 , 1959 ) is a German journalist . From 2004 to 2017 , he was a chief editor of the Rhein-Zeitung .
Life
Lindner was born on September 20 , 1959 in Kaufbeuren , Bavaria , Germany . After his Abitur at the Freiherr-vom-Stein-Gymnasium , he completed a Volontariat at the Rhein-Zeitung . He then went through several positions in the local editions and in the central editorial office of this newspaper . From 1992 to 1998 , Lindner was the local manager of the Rhein-Zeitungs edition Westerwälder Zeitung . In 1997 , he became deputy chief editor and since 2004 , he has been chief editor of the Rhein-Zeitung . The alleged reason given was the orientation of the Rhein-Zeitung on the Internet . Lindner became deputy chief editor at Bild am Sonntag on April 1 , 2018 . In a tweet from July 18 , 2019 , Lindner announced that he would leave Bild am Sonntag , but remain true to journalism .
Honorary offices
In 2013 , Lindner was appointed by the Theodor Wolff Prize Board of Trustees to the jury of the Journalistenpreises der deutschen Zeitungen ( German Newspapers ' Journalism Prize ) .
Awards
In 1997 , Deutscher Jagdverband ( German hunting protection association ) awarded Lindner the Journalistenpreis by Deutscher Journalisten-Verband ( DJW ) for its long-term series Das Jahr eines Jägers ( The year of a hunter ) , which was published in the Westerwälder Zeitung .
In 2011 and 2013 , Lindner was voted Chefredakteur des Jahres ( chief editor of the year ) in the category Regional/Lokal ( Regional/Local ) by a specialist jury from the trade journal Medium Magazin .
References
Living people
1959 births
People from Kaufbeuren
German journalists
Fossato Serralta ( Calabrian : ) is a village and comune in the province of Catanzaro , in the Calabria region of southern Italy .
Notes and references
Cities and towns in Calabria
Ada County is located in the southwestern part of the U.S. state of Idaho . As of the 2021 United States Census Estimate , the county had a population of 511,931 , making it by far the state 's most populous county ; it is home to 26.8 % of the state 's population . The county seat and largest city is Boise , which is also the state capital . Ada County is included in the Boise metropolitan area . The Ada County Highway District ( ACHD ) has jurisdiction over all the local county and city streets , except for private roads and state roads . In the interior Northwest east of the Cascade Range , Ada County ranks second in population behind only Spokane County , Washington .
History
Ada County was created by the Idaho Territorial Legislature on December 22 , 1864 , partitioned from Boise County . It is named for Ada Riggs , the daughter of H.C. Riggs , a member of the legislature ; he established the county and was a co-founder of Boise . Canyon County , which originally included Payette County and most Gem County , was partitioned from western Ada County in 1891 .
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 0.7 % ) is water . The Boise River flows through the northern portion of the county , and the northwest border is bounded by the foothills of the Boise Range mountains , the summits are in adjacent Boise County . The southwestern border of the county is bounded by the Snake River .
Adjacent counties
Gem County - northwest
Boise County - northeast
Elmore County - east
Owyhee County - south
Canyon County - west
Major highways
- Interstate 84
- Interstate 184
- US 20
- US 26
- US 30
- SH-16
- SH-21 - Ponderosa Pine Scenic Byway
- SH-44
- SH-55 - Payette River Scenic Byway
- SH-69
County roads and highways are maintained by the Ada County Highway District ( ACHD ) .
National protected areas
Boise National Forest ( part )
Snake River Birds of Prey National Conservation Area ( part )
Demographics
2000 census
As of the 2000 United States Census , there were 300,904 people , 113,408 households , and 77,344 families in the county . The population density was 285/mi2 ( 110/km2 ) . There were 118,516 housing units at an average density of 112/mi2 ( 43/km2 ) . The racial makeup of the county was 92.86 % White , 0.65 % Black or African American , 0.69 % Native American , 1.74 % Asian , 0.15 % Pacific Islander , 1.67 % from other races , and 2.24 % from two or more races . Hispanic or Latino of any race were 4.48 % of the population .
There were 113,408 households , out of which 36.20 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 55.10 % were married couples living together , 9.40 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 31.80 % were non-families . 23.80 % of all households were made up of individuals , and 6.07 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older . The average household size was 2.59 and the average family size was 3.11 .
The county population contained 27.30 % under the age of 18 , 10.30 % from 18 to 24 , 32.50 % from 25 to 44 , 20.80 % from 45 to 64 , and 9.10 % who were 65 years of age or older . The median age was 33 years . For every 100 females , there were 100.6 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 98.9 males .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 46,140 , and the median income for a family was $ 54,416 . Males had a median income of $ 37,867 versus $ 26,453 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 22,519 . About 5.40 % of families and 7.70 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 9.20 % of those under age 18 and 5.70 % of those age 65 or over .
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census , there were 392,365 people , 148,445 households , and 99,282 families in the county . The population density was . There were 159,471 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 90.3 % white , 2.4 % Asian , 1.1 % black or African American , 0.7 % American Indian , 0.2 % Pacific islander , 2.4 % from other races , and 2.8 % from two or more races . Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 7.1 % of the population . In terms of ancestry , 19.4 % were German , 15.9 % were English , 11.8 % were Irish , and 8.6 % were American .
Of the 148,445 households , 35.6 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 52.4 % were married couples living together , 10.0 % had a female householder with no husband present , 33.1 % were non-families , and 25.0 % of all households were made up of individuals . The average household size was 2.58 and the average family size was 3.11 . The median age was 34.8 years .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 55,835 and the median income for a family was $ 67,519 . Males had a median income of $ 48,290 versus $ 34,875 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 27,915 . About 6.9 % of families and 10.2 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 11.8 % of those under age 18 and 6.8 % of those age 65 or over .
In terms of ancestry , 18.2 % were English , 17.6 % were German , 9.7 % were Irish , 5.7 % were American , 3.6 % were Norwegian , 3.4 % were Italian , 3.4 % were Scottish , 2.8 % were Swedish , 2.4 % were French , 2.0 % were Dutch , 1.7 % were Polish , 1.6 % were Danish and 1.3 % were Welsh .
Government and politics
Ada County has traditionally been rather conservative for an urban county . Like Idaho as a whole , it has long been a Republican Party stronghold . The last victory in a presidential election by a Democrat in Ada County was by Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1936 . It even rejected Lyndon B. Johnson in 1964 during his 44-state landslide . In 2008 the presidential election in Ada County was more competitive than in previous years ; John McCain defeated Barack Obama by six percentage points . Obama became the first Democrat to garner as much as 40 percent of the county 's vote since LBJ . In 2016 , Donald Trump won the county by only a plurality due to high third party performance . In 2020 , whereas the state of Idaho trended very strongly for Trump , he carried Ada County by a slim majority , only beating Biden by around 4 percentage points . This is the narrowest election in decades for Ada County , and the closest a Democrat has come to carrying the county since 1940 .
Democratic gubernatorial nominee Jerry Brady carried the county in his 2002 and 2006 races , despite losing statewide in both contests . Another prominent Democrat , Boise mayor David H. Bieter , was elected in 2007 , 2011 and 2015 .
Ada County is split between the first and second congressional districts ; it is the only county in the state that is not located entirely within one district . The first district is represented by Russ Fulcher and includes Meridian , Eagle and Kuna , while the second district is represented by Mike Simpson and includes most of Boise proper . Both Fulcher and Simpson are Republicans .
In the Idaho Legislature , Ada County is split among nine districts , the most of any county . Each district elects one state senator and two state representatives . In the state senate , Republicans hold five seats and Democrats hold four . In the state house , Republicans hold ten seats and Democrats hold eight . Generally , Democratic strength is concentrated in Boise itself , while Republican strength is concentrated in the western suburbs . Several of the Boise seats were Democratic pickups in 2006 .
Each party held all of their respective legislative seats in the 2008 elections , but Republicans won two competitive county commission races .
County offices
The county government is administered by the Ada County Board of Commissioners , a three-member legislative body . Other elected officials include clerk , treasurer , sheriff , assessor , coroner , and prosecutor .
The Idaho Department of Correction operates the South Boise Prison Complex , a correctional facility located in unincorporated Ada County , south of the Boise Airport and east of Kuna .
Education
Public school districts
School districts include :
Boise School District
Kuna Joint School District 3
Melba Joint School District 136
West Ada School District ( Meridian Joint School District 2 )
Communities
Cities
Boise
Eagle
Garden City
Kuna
Meridian
Star
Census-designated places
Avimor
Hidden Springs
Unincorporated communities
Mora
Pleasant Valley
Sonna
Population ranking
The population ranking of the following table is based on the 2010 census of Ada County .
† county seat
See also
List of counties in Idaho
National Register of Historic Places listings in Ada County , Idaho
References
Further reading
External links
Idaho counties
1864 establishments in Idaho Territory
Boise metropolitan area
Populated places established in 1864
In Hawaiian mythology , Kanehekili is the brother Pele and Hiʻiaka ( among others ) by Haumea . He is the god of thunder .
He was born from the mouth of Haumea .
During thunderstorms followers of Kanehekili remain silent . Legend holds that two stones in a cave in Kahuku were once two boys who broke the silence during a storm .
References
Hawaiian gods
Thunder gods
Lobesia genialis is a moth of the family Tortricidae . It is found in Thailand and Sri Lanka .
Lobesia genialis is very similar to Lobesia fetialis ; the two species can be separated by differences in the male genitalia . The horns of the gnathos are pointed , and the lower angle of the cucullus is projecting .
References
Moths described in 1912
Olethreutini
Ella Lingens-Reiner , M.D . ( 18 November 1908 – 30 December 2002 ) was an Austrian physician and is one of the Righteous Among Nations honored by Yad Vashem . She and her husband Kurt Lingens M.D. , with Baron Karl von Motesiczky , harbored multiple Jews in their home during the Second World War . She was sent to Auschwitz by the Gestapo in 1942 and then later was imprisoned at Dachau . She survived the war and became president of the organization of former Auschwitz prisoners , Österreichische Lagergemeinschaft Auschwitz .
Early life
Born on November 18 , 1908 , in Vienna , Lingens had a doctoral degree in law and studied medicine at the University of Vienna . She married Kurt Lingens , another physician who was active in an anti-fascist organisation , on March 7 , 1938 . Together they had a son , Peter Michael Lingens , on August 8 , 1939 . During the Austrian Civil War and the Social Democratic Party falling to the Austro-fascist state , Ella Lingens joined a circle of resistance fighters formed around Otto and Käthe Leichter . She worked in a legal advice centre run by the Social Democratic Party in Vienna , having been a member of their local branch executive .
During the war
Arrest
When the Nazis annexed Austria , Ella became involved in the direct aid of Jews . During the Kristallnacht riots , she hid ten Jews in her room . In 1939 , the Lingenses met Baron Karl von Motesiczky , an anti-Nazi who had studied medicine at the University of Vienna . They became close friends and were invited by the Baron to stay at the home he owned in the Hinterbruhl suburb of Vienna . Here Baron Motesiczky hosted many anti-Nazi resistance members and Jews during the Nazi occupation . During several months between 1941 and 1942 , the Lingenses hid a young Jewish woman named Erika Felden in their apartment . They acquired cards for Felden from a married couple who were responsible for food-ration cards . When she came down with a gastrointestinal infection , the Lingenses ' housekeeper gave Felden her identity card so she could undergo medical treatment under an assumed name . During this period , the Lingenses aided other Jewish friends , using their apartment as a refuge , storing valuables , and using their connections to help friends escape the Gestapo . In 1942 , Alex Weissberg-Cybulski , a Jewish acquaintance who was hiding in Krakow , requested that the Lingenses help him and some friends reach Hungary . The Lingenses asked a connection , Rudolf Klinger , to assist them , and he offered to accompany Weissberg-Cybulski and his friends to the border . Klinger was a Jewish former stage actor who was secretly working as an informer for the Gestapo . He had allowed one person to escape so as to ensure others could be caught with greater certainty . In August 1942 , Weissberg-Cybulski sent two Jewish couples to Vienna , the brothers Bernhard and Jakob Goldstein and their wives Helene and Pepi . They came with the papers of Polish agricultural labourers , and stayed in the Lingenses ' apartment for a few days . Klinger then brought them to the border , but suddenly turned them in to the Gestapo and reported the Lingenses and Baron Motesiczky . On October 13 , 1942 , the Lingenses and Baron Motesiczky were arrested . The Gestapo also found out that Felden had lived with them without being registered to the authorities . It also happened that they found a letter from Jewish friends who lived in the United States who were trying to get news about people whom they had left behind . Kurt was assigned to a unit of soldiers sent to the Russian front as a form of punishment . Ella and Baron Motesiczky were found guilting of aiding and abetting Jews and were sent to Auschwitz . The Lingenses ' son was left behind in Vienna .
Imprisonment
On February 15 , 1943 , Ella was sent to the women 's camp at the Birkenau-Auschwitz concentration camp . She was given the number 36,088 . Almost immediately after her imprisonment , Ella became an essential part of the camp organization as a doctor in the camp hospital . Here she continued to save the lives of many camp prisoners , by hiding the most at risk from the selections for execution . She described in her memoir , Prisoners of Fear : '' We would hide women somewhere in the hut–the S.S. would order the names to be called out from the index cards in the hospital file . We would smuggle them into “ Aryan ” huts , or into huts where the selection had already taken place– they would check up a second time in all those huts . We would put their names on the list of patients due for release from the hospital and send their index cards to the office which handled the release formalities– they would prohibit any releases from the compound on selection days . `` She suffered from a bout of typhus in August 1943 and was herself housed in the hospital hut , but survived . She continued to work in the hospital hut every day from eight in the morning to seven or eight at night . In December 1944 , she was transferred to the Agfa-Commando factory camp , a sub-camp of Dachau . While there she retained her role as a camp doctor , and obtained marginally more freedom than she had experienced at Auschwitz . In January 1945 , after weeks of poor food , Dutch women in the camp went on a work strike . The subsequent investigation led to Ella being accused of inciting the strike , and she was almost put on trial , which if convicted would have led to her execution . After this experience , her position at the camp deteriorated , and in mid-February she requested and was eventually moved to the main camp at Dachau . Dachau was liberated on April 29 , 1945 , slightly over two years after her initial imprisonment . In her memoir she credited her survival of the war on her identity as an `` 'Aryan , ' a 'German , ' and a doctor who could work professionally all the time . ''
After the war
After her release from Dachau in 1945 , Ella returned to Vienna . She and Kurt divorced in 1947 . She finished her studies at the University of Vienna , and then worked in multiple clinics and health care systems . She was a ministerial advisor at the Federal Ministry for Health and Environmental Protection . She spent much of her free time informing the public of the horrors of National Socialism and of her death camp experiences . She published a memoir of her time imprisoned , titled Prisoners of Fear , in 1948 , which described many of the horrors of the camps and the small moments of humanity she found there . In early March 1964 , Ella testified as a witness during the first Frankfurt Auschwitz trial . She served for many years as president of the organization of former Auschwitz prisoners ( Osterreichische Lagergemeinschaft Auschwitz ) . Yad Vashem honored Ella Lingens-Reiner and Kurt Lingens with the Medal of Honor Righteous Among the Nations in Jerusalem in 1980 . Ella Lingens-Reiner died on December 30 , 2002 in Vienna . Her son Peter Michael Lingens later reported : '' A few days before she died , my mother got out of bed again . She leaned on the walls of the room and the long corridor and suddenly stood in the living room door , obviously a bit confused . While each conversation fell silent , she repeated a single sentence , her eyes wide in fear : You wo n't burn me ? You wo n't burn me , will you ? `` She was buried on January 10 , 2003 in the Vienna Central Cemetery in an honorary grave ( group 40 , number 90 ) .
Legacy
Publications
Other
A Viennese AHS in Floridsdorf ( Gerasdorfer Straße 103 ) has been called Ella Lingens Gymnasium since 2006 .
In 2012 , Ella-Lingens-Strasse in Vienna- Donaustadt ( 22nd district ) was named after her .
In Munich , a square in the district of Giesing was named Ella-Lingens-Platz after her in 2016 .
References
Further reading
Ella Lingens ' Testimony from Yad Vashem Organization
Arrest Data from Vienna Gestapo
Ella Lingens ' testimony from Frankfurt Auschwitz Trial ( page 28 )
https : //jfr.org/rescuer-stories/lingens-ella/
Auschwitz concentration camp survivors
1908 births
2002 deaths
University of Vienna alumni
Physicians from Vienna
Austrian Righteous Among the Nations
Wedge Island is a tidal island near Liscomb , Nova Scotia . Geologically , it is a drowned coast . Once the home to a lighthouse and light keepers home , throughout the years with advancements the light keeper was replaced with an all-electric light which was removed some time in the 1970s or 1980s .
References
Islands of Nova Scotia
Tidal islands of Canada
Mary Helen Wingate Lloyd ( 1868–1934 ) was an American horticulturist who was a founding member of the American Iris Society and creator of a celebrated `` iris bowl '' garden .
Wingate was born in New York in 1868 , one of four children of George Wood Wingate and Susan Prudence ( Man ) Wingate .
She married financier Horatio Gates Lloyd , Sr. ( 1867-1937 ) , and redesigned the gardens on their estate , Allgates , in Haverford , Pennsylvania . The main house at Allgates was designed by Philadelphia architect Wilson Eyre , and the estate is now on the National Register of Historic Places . The centerpiece of Lloyd 's landscaping was a bowl-shaped iris garden roughly 100 feet in diameter , consisting of four concentric terraces descending to a sunken grassy area with a tiled pool in the middle . By 1921 , some 250 varieties of irises were planted in the bowl , with shorter irises towards the bottom . The bowl was divided into quadrants by stone staircases , and each quadrant was planted using a different color scheme , which Lloyd altered several times over the years . John Caspar Wister , the first president of the American Iris Society ( AIS ) , held that it was `` by far the finest '' of the private iris gardens of the time .
She was one of the key organizers of the AIS and served as its director from 1921 to 1930 . She wrote about gardening for magazines like Good Housekeeping and for the Garden Club of America 's Bulletin and was for many years the editor of the bulletin 's plant material department . She served as director of the GCA ( 1928–33 ) and then for one further year as first vice-president .
Lloyd died on September 23 , 1934 . The GCA Bulletin for February 1936 was a special memorial edition devoted to her life 's work .
Legacy
Lloyd amassed a small but substantial horticultural library , which was given to the University of South Carolina in 1982 after her son Richard 's death . It includes some very rare 16th and 17th century botanical works and florilegia .
The Pennsylvania Horticultural Society 's McLean Library in Philadelphia houses the Mary Helen Wingate Lloyd Collection of European and American horticultural publications from the 16th to the 20th centuries . The library also holds a hand-colored lantern slide of the iris bowl garden from the 1920s or early 1930s .
A different hand-colored glass lantern slide of the garden is held in the Smithsonian Institution 's Archives of American Gardens .
Several dozen photographs of Allgates are held in the collection of the Winterthur Museum .
References
1868 births
1934 deaths
American horticulturists
People from New York ( state )
David Browning ( born August 18 , 1956 in Spokane , Washington ) is a retired American football defensive end . He played in Super Bowl XV for the Oakland Raiders .
1956 births
Living people
Players of American football from Spokane , Washington
American football defensive ends
Washington Huskies football players
Oakland Raiders players
Los Angeles Raiders players
New England Patriots players
Hsieh Su-wei was the defending champion , but lost in the second round to Stefanie Vögele .
Belinda Bencic won the title after Ajla Tomljanović retired in the final at 6–4 , 0–0 .
Seeds
Draw
Finals
Top half
Bottom half
References
Main Draw
Al Habtoor Tennis Challenge - Singles
Al Habtoor Tennis Challenge
2017 in Emirati tennis
The Fews ( from Irish : na Feá/Feadha , meaning `` the woods '' ) is a former Irish barony in County Armagh , modern-day Northern Ireland , based on the territory of the O'Neills of the Fews . It was at a later period divided into the baronies of Fews Lower and Fews Upper .
Sometimes known as the Highlands of South Armagh , it was historically a rough and dangerous area , populated by Gaelic clans . There were only a few safe and guarded passes through these hills and they included Jerrettspass and Poyntzpass , both named due to their historic role as passes through the hills and bogland . It was settled mostly by Scots with names such as McClelland , Sterritt , Morrow , Hamilton and Atkinson during the Plantation of Ulster .
References
Geography of County Armagh
Ji Chao ( Chinese : 纪超 ; born 1 January 1991 in Shenyang ) is a Chinese footballer .
Club career
In 2010 , Ji Chao started his professional footballer career with Shenzhen Ruby in the Chinese Super League . In February 2011 , he transferred to Chinese Super League side Liaoning Whowin . He would eventually make his league debut for Liaoning on 28 September 2012 in a game against Tianjin Teda , coming on as a substitute for Jiang Peng in the 66th minute . In February 2013 , Ji moved to China League Two side Qingdao Hainiu on a one-year loan deal . Ji received a ban of half year from 22 March 2017 to 21 September 2017 by the Chinese Football Association for falsity of his registration information .
Career statistics
Statistics accurate as of match played 31 December 2020 .
Honours
Club
Shenyang Urban
China League Two : 2019
References
External links
Ji Chao at Worldfootball.net
1991 births
Living people
Chinese footballers
Footballers from Shenyang
Shenzhen F.C . players
Liaoning F.C . players
Qingdao F.C . players
Liaoning Shenyang Urban F.C . players
Chinese Super League players
China League Two players
Association football midfielders
Greene County is a county located in the U.S. state of Illinois . According to the 2020 United States Census , it has a population of 11,843 . Its county seat is Carrollton .
A notable archaeological area , the Koster Site , has produced evidence of more than 7,000 years of human habitation . Artifacts from the site are displayed at the Center for American Archeology in Kampsville , Illinois .
History
Greene County is named in honor of General Nathanael Greene , a hero of the American Revolutionary War . In 1821 , three years after Illinois became a state , Greene County was established , being carved out of what was previously Madison county and St. Clair county before that . Over the course of the next 18 years four more counties were formed out of what was once Greene Country . These include Scott , Morgan , Macoupin and Jersey counties . This left Greene county with approximately 546 square miles of land located in western-central Illinois near the Illinois River , which was an important resource that provided both a means for travel and to ship goods . Like much of southern Illinois the earliest settlers in the county came from Southern states such as North and South Carolina , Virginia , Kentucky , and Tennessee . By the time of the Civil War , 1860 , the population of Greene County had grown to 16,093 and 10 % of the adult population had been born in the Northeast , 15 % were foreign born , 25 % were born in Southern states , and almost 50 % had been born in the Midwest . Of the population born in the Midwest many could still trace their roots to the South , with almost 80 % of them having a parent born in a Southern state .
Geography
According to the US Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 0.6 % ) is water .
Climate and weather
In recent years , average temperatures in the county seat of Carrollton have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July , although a record low of was recorded in January 1912 and a record high of was recorded in July 1934 . Average monthly precipitation ranged from in January to in May .
Major highways
U.S. Highway 67
Illinois Route 100
Illinois Route 108
Illinois Route 267
Adjacent counties
Scott County - north
Morgan County - north
Macoupin County - east
Jersey County - south
Calhoun County - southwest
Pike County - northwest
National protected area
Two Rivers National Wildlife Refuge ( part : Apple Creek Division )
Demographics
As of the 2010 United States Census , there were 13,886 people , 5,570 households , and 3,777 families living in the county . The population density was . There were 6,389 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 97.9 % white , 0.9 % black or African American , 0.2 % American Indian , 0.1 % Asian , 0.3 % from other races , and 0.7 % from two or more races . Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 0.8 % of the population . In terms of ancestry , 30.7 % were German , 14.7 % were Irish , 13.3 % were English , and 12.1 % were American .
Of the 5,570 households , 30.9 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 53.0 % were married couples living together , 9.4 % had a female householder with no husband present , 32.2 % were non-families , and 27.8 % of all households were made up of individuals . The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 2.95 . The median age was 41.6 years .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 41,450 and the median income for a family was $ 52,049 . Males had a median income of $ 38,185 versus $ 27,231 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 22,107 . About 11.8 % of families and 15.1 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 22.1 % of those under age 18 and 10.0 % of those age 65 or over .
Communities
Cities
Carrollton
Greenfield
Roodhouse
White Hall
Villages
Eldred
Hillview
Kane
Rockbridge
Wilmington
Unincorporated communities
Barrow
Belltown
Drake
Wrights
Townships
Athensville
Bluffdale
Carrollton
Kane
Linder
Patterson
Rockbridge
Roodhouse
Rubicon
Walkerville
White Hall
Woodville
Wrights
Population ranking
The population ranking of the following table is based on the 2020 census of Greene County .
† county seat
Politics
Greene County was reliably Democratic from the beginning through 1948 ; only one Republican Party nominee carried the county vote during that period . Since then it has usually voted for the Republican presidential nominee ( 14 of 18 elections ) .
As one of the most northerly “ southern ” counties in Illinois , Greene County was rock-ribbed Democratic for the seventy years after the Civil War , which it opposed as a “ Yankee ” war . Not until considerable anti-Catholic sentiment against Al Smith turned many voters to Herbert Hoover did the county support a Republican presidential nominee . However , with the coming of World War II , opposition to American involvement led to gains for Wendell Willkie and Thomas E. Dewey , although apart from the 1960 election – also influenced by Catholicism – Greene was a bellwether county throughout the period from 1928 to 2004 .
Hillary Clinton 's 2016 tally of 21.68 percent of the county 's vote is 14.3 percent worse than any Democrat presidential candidate before 2012 .
Political culture
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Greene County , Illinois
References
Illinois counties
1821 establishments in Illinois
Populated places established in 1821
Ina Wood ( 2 September 1886 – 25 January 1961 ) was a British archer . She competed at the 1908 Summer Olympics in London . Wood competed at the 1908 Games in the only archery event open to women , the double National round . She took 22nd place in the event with 387 points .
References
External links
Ina Wood 's profile at Sports Reference.com
1886 births
1961 deaths
Archers at the 1908 Summer Olympics
Olympic archers of Great Britain
British female archers
Iraq participated in the 1974 Asian Games held in Tehran , Iran from 1 to 16 September 1974 . Athletes from Iraq won overall six medals , including one gold medals and finished 15th in a medal table .
References
Nations at the 1974 Asian Games
1974
Asian Games
Thomas A. Haskins ( born August 11 , 1973 ) is a former running back in the Canadian Football League .
College career
Haskins played for Virginia Military Institute for three seasons . There , he finished his collegiate career holding 21 school records , co-holding 5 school records . In addition to scoring 50 all-time touchdowns , he set the all-time rushing record for Division I-AA with 5349 yards . As of 2002 , this ranks him third all-time in Division I-AA . As of 2008 , Haskins is the only VMI football player to have his jersey number retired . He is also set to be inducted into the VMI Sports Hall of Fame in November 2008 .
Professional career
In 1997 , Haskins joined the Montreal Alouettes of the CFL and played there for the next six seasons , winning a Grey Cup championship in his final year with the team . On February 22 , 2003 , Haskins signed a free-agent contract with the Edmonton Eskimos . However , a month later , Haskins suffered from a benign brain tumor the size of an orange which was removed . As a result , Haskins did not suit up for a single game for the Eskimos . Despite that , the Eskimos honoured his contract for the 2003 season . In March 2004 , Haskins was released by the Eskimos . Despite vowing to return to professional football after recovering from the tumor , Haskins decided to retire .
External links
Just Sports Stats
Living people
1973 births
Montreal Alouettes players
Canadian football running backs
American players of Canadian football
VMI Keydets football players
American football running backs
African-American players of Canadian football
21st-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
I Wan na Love You may refer to :
`` I Wan na Love You '' ( Akon song ) , 2006
`` I Wan na Love You '' ( Jade song ) , 1992
`` I Wan na Love You '' , a song by Estelle from The 18th Day
`` I Wan na Love You '' , a song by Solid HarmoniE from Solid HarmoniE
As an acronym , BLS may stand for :
Companies and brands
BellSouth , ticker symbol for the defunct United States telephone company
BLS AG , a railway company in Switzerland once called Bern-Lötschberg-Simplon railway
Cadillac BLS , a compact executive car .
Education
Bachelor of Liberal Studies
Bachelor of Library Science
Boston Latin School , the first school established in North America
Brooklyn Law School
Bucerius Law School , the first private law school in Germany
Science and medicine
Bacterial leaf scorch , a disease state affecting many crops
Bare lymphocyte syndrome , a form of severe combined immunodeficiency
Basic life support , an emergency medical protocol
Blind loop syndrome , small intestinal bacterial overgrowth
Brillouin Scattering ( or Brillouin Light Scattering )
BLS digital signature ( for Boneh–Lynn–Shacham ) , a cryptographic signature defined by an IETF standard for verifying that a particular computer or system validated a transaction
Other uses
Buckeye Leadership Society , an honorary leadership Society at The Ohio State University
Bureau of Labor Statistics , a United States government agency
Black Label Society , an American heavy metal band
See also
WBLS , a New York radio station
Jeremy Lomibao Sancebuche ( born November 11 , 1996 ) , also known as Mimiyuuuh or Mimi , is a Filipino vlogger and YouTuber . Sancebuche initially gained popularity after posting a video lip syncing to the song `` Dalagang Pilipina '' by ALLMO $ T , which was part of a viral video challenge . The video went viral and motivated the creation of own versions of many local celebrities .
Early life
Sancebuche was raised in Baclaran , Parañaque , just south of Manila , Philippines ; Mimiyuuuh 's parents sold clothes in the said area . Mimiyuuuh attended De La Salle–College of Saint Benilde in Manila , taking up a bachelor 's degree in Fashion Design and Merchandising , and also worked as a student assistant in the aforementioned school .
Career
Mimiyuuuh initially made mukbang videos on YouTube before becoming popular in 2019 , after participating in the `` Dalagang Pilipina '' online challenge . After going viral , Mimiyuuuh 's YouTube channel would surpass one million subscribers in just six months . Outside of YouTube , Mimiyuuuh has appeared in several TV shows in the Philippines . Mimiyuuuh later became a host at the ABS-CBN Ball in 2019 , interviewing artists on the red carpet . That same year , Mimiyuuuh would claim their first award as a vlogger at the E ! Pop Gala . Mimiyuuuh is the second Filipino celebrity to have their voice featured on the Waze app , and later appeared in a Pepsi Philippines TV commercial . Currently , Mimiyuuuh is a brand ambassador for Lazada in the Philippines .
Mimiyuuuh owns the clothing brand Fangs , a contemporary street style brand that aims to empower women through unconventional and ragged clothing , featuring Mimiyuuuh 's own designs . Mimiyuuuh has collaborated with celebrity vloggers like Alex Gonzaga , Rufa Mae Quinto , Moira Dela Torre , Erich Gonzales , The Gold Squad ( Seth Fedelin , Andrea Brillantes , Francine Diaz , Kyle Echarri ) , Heart Evangelista , Sarah Geronimo , Pia Wurtzbach and Bea Alonzo . Mimiyuuuh had also created traditional and graphic art . In November 2019 , Mimi worked as a commercial model for the Italian luxury brand , Off-White after featuring the brand in one of their vlogs with Alex Gonzaga along with her photoshoot with a local fashion magazine , Preview .
On March 27 , 2020 , Mimiyuuuh hosted an online zumba session to help raise funds for charity ; the funds would be donated to Caritas Manila and Save San Roque .
A video of Mimiyuuuh dancing to Gagong Rapper 's song `` Kabet '' was published on the video-sharing platform TikTok on August 21 , 2020 ; the internet sensation went viral again after posting the dance video . The viral video was part of the `` It really hurts '' challenge .
On September 25 , 2020 , independent record label O / C Records revealed that internet superstar Mimiyuuuh will be joining its roster of talents . The Kean Cipriano-led record label invited Mimiyuuuh to the business on social media . Six days later , on October 1 , 2020 , Mimiyuuuh released their debut single `` DYWB ( Drink Your Water Bitch ) '' under O/C Records .
Personal life
Mimiyuuuh has since bought a house for their family due to their popularity . A tour vlog of the new house was published on YouTube on October 27 , 2020 . In a vlog posted in May 2021 , Mimiyuuuh revealed that their parents suffered from COVID-19 .
Discography
2020 : DYWB ( Drink Your Water Bitch )
Filmography
Television
Film
Accolades
References
External links
1996 births
Living people
Female YouTubers
Filipino YouTubers
LGBT YouTubers
People from Parañaque
YouTube vloggers
20th-century LGBT people
21st-century LGBT people
Mike Sanderson ( born 29 May 1971 ) is a New Zealand sailor . Perhaps best known for being awarded the prestigious ISAF World Sailor of the Year Award for winning the 2005–06 Volvo Ocean Race as skipper of ABN Amro I . At 35 years old , he became the youngest skipper to ever win a Volvo Ocean Race in the 2005–2006 edition of the race . ( Lionel Péan had previously won the Whitbread Round the World Race in 1986 , aged 29 ) .
From 2007 to 2010 he was Team Director of Team Origin , a potential British challenger for the 2013 America 's Cup .
He returned to skipper Team Sanya ( the Irish-Chinese entry in the race ) in the 2011–12 Volvo Ocean Race . The boat , formerly known as Telefónica Blue in the 2008–09 Volvo Ocean Race , has been plagued with instrument and hull failures . As of 30 March 2012 the boat is currently being shipped to Miami to be repaired so it can rejoin the race in Leg 7 .
Personal life
In 2006 he married British round-the-world yachtswoman Emma Richards in Cowes , UK .
He also is the current CEO of Doyle Sails NZ
References
ISAF World Sailor of the Year ( male )
1971 births
1995 America 's Cup sailors
Living people
New Zealand male sailors ( sport )
Volvo Ocean Race sailors
The Greek Research and Technology Network or GRNET ( ) is the national research and education network of Greece . GRNET S.A. provides internet connectivity , e-infrastructures and other services to the Greek Educational , Academic and Research community . Additionally , GRNET develops digital applications . GRNET provides services to the following sectors : Education , Research , Health , Culture . GRNET supports all Universities , Technological Education Institutes , Research Centers and over 9,500 schools .
GRNET main offices are located in Athens , Greece .
E-Infrastructures and Innovative Services
GRNET backbone interconnects more than 100 institutions including all universities and technological institutions , research centers , public hospitals , museums and libraries , as well as the Greek School Network .
GRNET is present in global networking for research and education , representing Greece in GÉANT .
Large Scale Computing Services for the Researchers ( Cloud Computing )
GRNET offers innovative Cloud Computing services that are available via the Infrastracture as a Service model , under the brand name “ ~okeanos ” in order to promote academic , educational and research aims . These services are hosted on GRNET 's own infrastructure and fall into the category of Infrastructure as a Service ( IaaS ) . More specifically , the following cloud services are provided :
~okeanos : Cloud Service with end users in the academic and research community powered by Synnefo , an IaaS cloud computing project .
ViMa : Virtual Private Server ( VPS ) Service provided to GRNET peers for hosting of services .
“ ~okeanos ” , provides academic users the ability to create a multi-layer virtual infrastructure and instantiate virtual computing machines , local networks to interconnect them , and a storage space inside the virtual machine . The Cloud Computing infrastructure and services of GRNET have been made available to the pan-European R & E community via the “ okeanos-global ” service .
Hellenic High Performance Computing Infrastructure
GRNET “ ARIS ” national high-performance computing infrastructure provides scientists with additional computational power , storage space and software ( pre-installed compilers , scientific libraries and popular scientific application suites ) to assist the development and execution of scientific applications .
The system went into pilot operational phase in June 2015 and it is available for research-related use to all researchers and scientists across Greek universities , technological institutions and research centers .
GR-IX
GRNET operates the Greek Internet Exchange ( GR-IX ) . GR-IX interconnects Internet Service Providers , content providers and other entities and facilitates the exchange of IP traffic among them .
International activities
GRNET participates in international projects funded by the European Union . It also participates in regional and European projects which aim at bridging the digital divide between countries of South-East Europe and the rest of Europe , such as SEEREN and SEEFIRE projects .
See also
Communications in Greece
Internet in Greece
References
Communications in Greece
National research and education networks
The 24th Annual Screen Actors Guild Awards , honoring the best achievements in film and television performances for the year 2017 , were presented on January 21 , 2018 at the Shrine Auditorium in Los Angeles , California . The ceremony was broadcast on both TNT and TBS 8:00 p.m. EST / 5:00 p.m. PST . On December 4 , 2017 , it was announced that the award ceremony would have its first host ever in its twenty-four year history with actress Kristen Bell presiding over the award show . The nominees were announced on December 13 , 2017 .
Morgan Freeman was announced as the 2017 SAG Life Achievement Award recipient on August 22 , 2017 .
Winners and nominees
Note : Winners are listed first and highlighted in boldface .
Film
Television
Screen Actors Guild Life Achievement Award
Morgan Freeman
In Memoriam
Source : The segment honors the following who died in 2017 .
Miguel Ferrer
John Hurt
Bill Paxton
Jeanne Moreau
Robert Guillaume
Powers Boothe
Adam West
Martin Landau
John Heard
Glen Campbell
Jerry Lewis
John Hillerman
Mike Hodge
Harry Dean Stanton
Richard Anderson
Sam Shepard
Bernie Casey
Shelley Berman
Ann Wedgeworth
Rose Marie
Glenne Headly
Jay Thomas
Charlie Murphy
Nelsan Ellis
Dina Merrill
Joseph Bologna
Roger Moore
Loren Janes
Dick Gregory
June Foray
Jerry Van Dyke
Miriam Colon
Elena Verdugo
Paula Dell
John Bernecker
Della Reese
David Cassidy
Jim Nabors
Erin Moran
Don Rickles
Presenters
Source :
Halle Berry
Dakota Fanning
Lupita Nyong ' o
Emma Stone
Kelly Marie Tran
Mary J. Blige
Jason Clarke
Woody Harrelson
Holly Hunter
Daniel Kaluuya
Zoe Kazan
Frances McDormand
Laurie Metcalf
Kumail Nanjiani
Sam Rockwell
Ray Romano
Saoirse Ronan
Allison Williams
Rosanna Arquette
Gabrielle Carteris
Mandy Moore
Olivia Munn
Niecy Nash
Gina Rodriguez
Maya Rudolph
Marisa Tomei
Connie Britton
Geena Davis
Goldie Hawn
Kate Hudson
Brie Larson
Laura Linney
Leslie Mann
Megan Mullally
Sarah Silverman
Rita Moreno
Molly Shannon
References
External links
2017
2017 film awards
2017 in American cinema
2017 in American television
2017 television awards
2018 in Los Angeles
January 2018 events in the United States
James Brady ( 1940–2014 ) was an assistant to the U.S. President and the fifteenth White House Press Secretary under President Ronald Reagan .
James Brady or Jim Brady may also refer to :
James Brady ( columnist ) ( 1928–2009 ) , American celebrity columnist
James Brady ( criminal ) ( 1875–1904 ) , American criminal
James Brady ( Medal of Honor ) ( 1842–1904 ) , American soldier
James Brady ( SS ) ( born 1920 ) , one of two Irishmen known to have served in the Waffen-SS during World War II
Jimmy Brady ( 1901–1976 ) , Irish water polo player
James Charles Brady ( 1876–1962 ) , Canadian politician , school principal and teacher
James Dennis Brady ( 1843–1900 ) , U.S. Representative from Virginia
James H. Brady ( 1862–1918 ) , Republican politician from Idaho who served as the state 's governor and a U.S. senator representing the state
James J. Brady ( Illinois official ) ( born 1878 ) , Illinois state auditor
James Joseph Brady ( 1944–2017 ) , American lawyer
James M. Brady , American journalist and an expert in digital journalism
James P. Brady ( born 1908 ) , Canadian Métis political leader
James T. Brady ( 1815–1869 ) , American lawyer
Jim Brady ( baseball ) ( born 1936 ) , American economist , retired university educator and administrator , and a former left-handed pitcher in professional baseball
Jim Brady ( boxer ) ( died 1980 ) , Scottish professional bantam/feather/lightweight boxer
Jim Brady ( quarterback ) ( 1907–1984 ) , American football player and broadcasting entrepreneur
Jim Brady ( rugby league ) , former professional rugby league footballer
Jim Brady ( sailor ) ( born 1963 ) , American former competitive sailor
Jim Brady , a member of The Sandpipers
Diamond Jim Brady ( 1856–1917 ) , American businessman , financier and philanthropist of the Gilded Age
Duke Jing of Jin ( , died 581 BC ) was from 599 to 581 BC the ruler of the State of Jin , a major power during the Spring and Autumn period of ancient China . His ancestral name was Ji , given name Ju , and Duke Jing was his posthumous title . He succeeded his father Duke Cheng of Jin , who died in 600 BC .
Battle of Bi
In 597 BC , the third year of Duke Jing 's rule , King Zhuang of Chu attacked the State of Zheng , then a Jin ally . Duke Jing dispatched an army led by Xun Linfu ( 荀林父 ) , Sui Hui ( 隨會 ) , and Zhao Shuo ( 趙朔 ) to help Zheng . By the time the Jin army arrived , however , Zheng had already surrendered to Chu . Xun Linfu wanted to return to Jin , but general Xian Hu ( 先縠 ) persuaded him to attack Chu . The Jin army was then decisively defeated at the Battle of Bi by the Chu and Zheng forces . After the battle King Zhuang of Chu was recognized as the Hegemon of China . Although Jin was weakened by the defeat , it was still one of the strongest states of China . Just two years later Jin attacked Zheng in retaliation for helping Chu in the Battle of Bi .
Conquest of the Red Di
Xian Hu , who was partly responsible for Jin 's defeat at the Battle of Bi , escaped to the Red Di tribes for fear of punishment . In 596 BC , the Red Di people took advantage of Jin 's recent defeat and attacked Jin with Xian Hu 's help . Jin killed Xian Hu and his entire clan .
Duke Jing 's elder sister Bo Ji was the wife of Ying'er ( 嬰兒 ) , the ruler of Lushi ( 潞氏 ) , a major Red Di state . In 594 BC Bo Ji was killed by the Lushi minister Feng Shu . In retaliation , general Xun Linfu attacked Lushi , conquering the state and capturing its ruler Ying'er . Feng Shu fled to the State of Wey but was returned to Jin and killed . The following year , Jin conquered several more Red Di states or tribes .
Battle of An
In 589 BC the State of Qi , another major power , attacked the states of Lu and Wey , two Jin allies , and annexed the Lu city of Long . In response , Duke Jing dispatched the Jin army led by generals Xi Ke , Shi Xie , Luan Shu , and Han Jue to help his allies . The Jin and Qi forces fought at An ( near present-day Jinan ) , and Jin decisively defeated Qi . The Qi ruler Duke Qing narrowly escaped capture by exchanging clothes and position with officer Pang Choufu ( 逢丑父 ) , who was taken prisoner by Han Jue mistaking him as Duke Qing . After the battle Duke Qing was forced to plead for peace and cede territory to the state of Lu . Winning the Battle of An enabled Jin to regain much of its prestige lost at the Battle of Bi , and expand its armed forces from three armies to six .
Abdication and death
In summer 581 BC , the 19th year of his reign , Duke Jing fell ill . He abdicated in favor of his son Duke Li of Jin , and died a month later .
The events surrounding his death are detailed in the Chinese classic text Zuo Zhuan . According to the Zuo Zhuan , the duke first dreamt of a malevolent spirit . After waking , he consulted a wu ( a shaman ) , who told him that he would not live to eat the new harvest 's wheat . The duke 's illness worsened and he had a new dream in which two urchins , apparently personifying his disease , taunted him , saying that medicine can not reach them . A physician from the state of Qin was consulted . He told the duke that the disease had reached the gaohuang ( 膏肓 ) , the fatty region between the heart and diaphragm , and was therefore incurable . The duke praised the physician for his skill and sent him away lavishly .
On day bingwu of the sixth month ( August-September ) , the duke asked for and was presented with the new harvest wheat . Believing the shaman to have made a wrong prediction , he summoned him , showed him the new wheat , and had him executed . Just as he was about to eat , the duke felt bloated , went to the toilet , fell in , and died . At noon , a slave carried the duke 's body out of the toilet . Earlier that morning , the slave had a dream that he was carrying his lord to the heavens . Consequently , the slave was buried with the duke to serve him in the afterlife .
This vivid account has given rise to a chengyu ( four-character classical idiom ) , 病入膏肓 ( 'the disease has entered the gaohuang ' ) , used to describe an incurable illness , or more broadly , a situation beyond remediation .
References
Monarchs of Jin ( Chinese state )
6th-century BC Chinese monarchs
581 BC deaths
Year of birth unknown
Resistor–transistor logic ( RTL ) ( sometimes also transistor–resistor logic ( TRL ) ) is a class of digital circuits built using resistors as the input network and bipolar junction transistors ( BJTs ) as switching devices . RTL is the earliest class of transistorized digital logic circuit used ; other classes include diode–transistor logic ( DTL ) and transistor–transistor logic ( TTL ) . RTL circuits were first constructed with discrete components , but in 1961 it became the first digital logic family to be produced as a monolithic integrated circuit . RTL integrated circuits were used in the Apollo Guidance Computer , whose design was begun in 1961 and which first flew in 1966 .
Implementation
RTL inverter
A bipolar transistor switch is the simplest RTL gate ( inverter or NOT gate ) implementing logical negation . It consists of a common-emitter stage with a base resistor connected between the base and the input voltage source . The role of the base resistor is to expand the very small transistor input voltage range ( about 0.7 V ) to the logical `` 1 '' level ( about 3.5 V ) by converting the input voltage into current . Its resistance is settled by a compromise : it is chosen low enough to saturate the transistor and high enough to obtain high input resistance . The role of the collector resistor is to convert the collector current into voltage ; its resistance is chosen high enough to saturate the transistor and low enough to obtain low output resistance ( high fan-out ) .
One-transistor RTL NOR gate
With two or more base resistors ( R3 and R4 ) instead of one , the inverter becomes a two-input RTL NOR gate ( see the figure on the right ) . The logical operation OR is performed by applying consecutively the two arithmetic operations addition and comparison ( the input resistor network acts as a parallel voltage summer with equally weighted inputs and the following common-emitter transistor stage as a voltage comparator with a threshold about 0.7 V ) . The equivalent resistance of all the resistors connected to logical `` 1 '' and the equivalent resistance of all the resistors connected to logical `` 0 '' form the two legs of a composed voltage divider driving the transistor . The base resistances and the number of the inputs are chosen ( limited ) so that only one logical `` 1 '' is sufficient to create base-emitter voltage exceeding the threshold and , as a result , saturating the transistor . If all the input voltages are low ( logical `` 0 '' ) , the transistor is cut-off . The pull-down resistor R1 biases the transistor to the appropriate on-off threshold . The output is inverted since the collector-emitter voltage of transistor Q1 is taken as output , and is high when the inputs are low . Thus , the analog resistive network and the analog transistor stage perform the logic function NOR .
Multi-transistor RTL NOR gate
The limitations of the one-transistor RTL NOR gate are overcome by the multi-transistor RTL implementation . It consists of a set of parallel-connected transistor switches driven by the logic inputs ( see the figure on the right ) . In this configuration , the inputs are completely separated and the number of inputs is limited only by the small leakage current of the cut-off transistors at output logical `` 1 '' . The same idea was used later for building DCTL , ECL , some TTL ( 7450 , 7460 ) , NMOS and CMOS gates .
Transistor bias
To ensure stability and predictable output of the bipolar transistors their base-inputs ( Vb or base-terminal voltage ) is biased .
Advantages
The primary advantage of RTL technology was that it used a minimum number of transistors . In circuits using discrete components , before integrated circuits , transistors were the most expensive component to produce . Early IC logic production ( such as Fairchild 's in 1961 ) used the same approach briefly , but quickly transitioned to higher-performance circuits such as diode–transistor logic and then transistor–transistor logic ( starting in 1963 at Sylvania Electric Products ) , since diodes and transistors were no more expensive than resistors in the IC .
Limitations
The disadvantage of RTL is its high power dissipation when the transistor is switched on , by current flowing in the collector and base resistors . This requires that more current be supplied to and heat be removed from RTL circuits . In contrast , TTL circuits with `` totem-pole '' output stage minimize both of these requirements .
Another limitation of RTL is its limited fan-in : 3 inputs being the limit for many circuit designs , before it completely loses usable noise immunity . It has a low noise margin . Lancaster says that integrated circuit RTL NOR gates ( which have one transistor per input ) may be constructed with `` any reasonable number '' of logic inputs , and gives an example of an 8-input NOR gate .
A standard integrated circuit RTL NOR gate can drive up to 3 other similar gates .
Alternatively , it has enough output to drive up to 2 standard integrated circuit RTL `` buffers '' , each of which can drive up to 25 other standard RTL NOR gates .
Speeding up RTL
Various companies applied the following speed-up methods to discrete RTL .
Transistor switching speed has increased steadily from the first transistorized computers through the present . The GE Transistor Manual ( 7th ed. , p. 181 , or 3rd ed. , p. 97 or intermediate editions ) recommends gaining speed by using higher-frequency transistors , or capacitors , or a diode from base to collector ( parallel negative feedback ) to prevent saturation .
Placing a capacitor in parallel with each input resistor decreases the time needed for a driving stage to forward-bias a driven stage 's base-emitter junction . Engineers and technicians use `` RCTL '' ( resistor-capacitor-transistor logic ) to designate gates equipped with `` speed-up capacitors '' . The Lincoln Laboratory TX-0 computer 's circuits included some RCTL . However , methods involving capacitors were unsuitable for integrated circuits .
Using a high collector supply voltage and diode clamping decreased collector-base and wiring capacitance charging time . This arrangement required diode clamping the collector to the design logic level . This method was also applied to discrete DTL ( diode–transistor logic ) .
Another method that was familiar in discrete-device logic circuits used a diode and a resistor , a germanium and a silicon diode , or three diodes in a negative feedback arrangement . These diode networks known as various Baker clamps reduced the voltage applied to the base as the collector approached saturation . Because the transistor went less deeply into saturation , the transistor accumulated fewer stored charge carriers . Therefore , less time was required to clear stored charge during transistor turn off . A low-voltage diode arranged to prevent saturation of the transistor was applied to integrated logic families by using Schottky diodes , as in Schottky TTL .
See also
NORBIT
References
Further reading
RTL Cookbook ; 1st Ed ; Don Lancaster ; Sams ; 240 pages ; 1969 ; . ( 3ed archive )
Integrated circuits
Logic families
Apollo program hardware
Grace Teuila Taylor is a New Zealand spoken word poet , writer , performer and director of Sāmoan and Pālagi heritage . In 2008 , Taylor was the recipient of the Auckland Writers Festival Poetry Idol Award . In 2012 , she was given the World of Difference award from The Vodafone New Zealand Foundation . In 2014 , she was awarded the Emerging Pacific Artist award at the Creative New Zealand Arts Pasifika Awards .
Biography
Taylor is of English and Samoan heritage . She was born in about 1984 in South Auckland and refers to herself as `` Afakasi '' which is a Samoan transliteration of halfcaste . She has an MA in Youth Development from Auckland University of Technology .
In 2013 , Taylor published her first collection of poetry , Afakasi Speaks . She has been published in literary journals including Hawai ' i Review . Taylor wrote and performed the play My Own Darling , which has been performed in South Auckland and broadcast on Radio New Zealand .
Taylor has worked producing , mentoring and facilitating workshops and spoken word poetry programmes since 2007 . She co-founded the South Auckland Poets Collective in 2008 and Niu Navigations in 2013 with Daren Kamali . In 2011 she co-founded the Rising Voices Youth Poetry Slam which is now an annual event in Auckland .
Taylor currently teaches creative writing and poetry at the University of Hawaiʻi at Mānoa .
Awards
In 2014 Taylor received the Emerging Artist award at the Creative New Zealand Arts Pasifika Awards .
Taylor received the 2016 Auckland Mayoral Writers Grant to develop her new collection of poetry , City of Undone Darlings .
In 2008 , Taylor won the Auckland Writers Festival Poetry Idol award and received the 2012 Vodafone New Zealand Foundation World of Difference award .
References
External links
'afakasistory - Blog by Taylor
The power of words , talk at TEDxAuckland
Living people
Auckland University of Technology alumni
University of Hawaiʻi faculty
New Zealand fiction writers
New Zealand women novelists
New Zealand women short story writers
New Zealand women poets
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Aignish ( ) is located northwest of Knock and east of Stornoway on the east coast of the Isle of Lewis , in the Outer Hebrides , Scotland . The township is at the island side of the isthmus connecting to the Eye peninsula . Aignish is within the parish of Stornoway , and is situated on the A866 between Stornoway and Portnaguran .
History
Church
The crofting village contains the historic Ui Church ( Scottish Gaelic : Eaglais na h-Aoidhe ) , a large pre-Reformation Church . The present church buildings are believed to be medieval , built during two separate construction phases . They were constructed on the site believed to be the cell of St Catan , a contemporary of St Columba . The church was the burial ground of the MacLeods of Lewis .
Land Raiders
Aignish is important in the context of the history of Scottish land reform following the Aignish Riot of January 1888 . This took place in the aftermath of land agitation following the groundbreaking legal victory of the Bernera Riot of 1874 and the Park deer raid of 1887 . It was part of the Crofters War and involved a standoff between the local landless peasantry and the heavily armed marines that were drafted in . The courage of the people is now marked by a memorial cairn .
Community
Aignish consists of a large number of houses . It is the first village entered in Point . Aignish falls into the catchment of the new Point primary school in Bayble . Bus services are available daily ( except Sundays ) to and from Stornoway bus station .
References
External links
Canmore - Lewis , Aignish , St Columba 's Church site record
Canmore - Lewis , Aignish Farm Raiders Monument site record
Villages in the Isle of Lewis
Antioch , also known as Hilton , is an unincorporated community in Covington County , Alabama , United States .
History
The community was originally called Hilton , then the name was changed to Antioch . The community was likely named after the local Antioch Church , which was in turn named for the ancient city . A post office operated under the name Hilton from 1882 to 1904 .
Demographics
According to the returns from 1850-2010 for Alabama , it has never reported a population figure separately on the U.S. Census .
References
Unincorporated communities in Covington County , Alabama
Unincorporated communities in Alabama
Laurențiu Nicolae Corbu ( born 10 May 1994 ) is a Romanian footballer who plays as a defender for Liga II club Steaua București .
Club career
Dinamo București
Corbu joined Dinamo Bucureșt in 2015 , signing from Urban Titu .
St Mirren ( loan )
In January 2019 , Corbu joined Scottish side St Mirren on loan until the end of the season .
Chindia Târgoviște
On 11 February 2020 , Corbu joined Romanian club Chindia Târgoviște .
Honours
Dinamo București
Cupa României runner-up : 2015–16
Cupa Ligii : 2016–17
References
External links
1994 births
Living people
People from Dâmbovița County
Romanian footballers
Association football midfielders
Liga I players
FC Dinamo București players
Scottish Professional Football League players
St Mirren F.C . players
Romanian expatriate footballers
Romanian expatriate sportspeople in Scotland
Expatriate footballers in Scotland
AFC Chindia Târgoviște players
Alexander Allan or Allen may refer to :
Politics and law
Sir Alexander Allan , 1st Baronet ( c. 1764–1820 ) , British politician , Member of Parliament for Berwick-upon-Tweed
Alexander Allen ( politician ) ( 1842–1924 ) , American politician in the state of Washington
Alex Allan ( born 1951 ) , British civil servant
Sports
Scotty Allan or Allan Alexander Allan ( 1867–1941 ) , Scottish-born American dog musher
Alex Allan ( footballer ) ( fl . 1910s ) , Scottish footballer
Alex Allen ( baseball ) ( fl . 1940s ) , Negro league baseball player
Alexander Allen ( bridge ) ( born 1953 ) , American bridge player
Sandy Allen ( cricketer ) ( born 1984 ) , English cricketer
Alex Allan ( rugby union ) ( born 1992 ) , Scotland rugby union player
Others
Alexander Allan ( shipowner ) ( 1780–1854 ) , Scottish sea captain and businessman
Alexander Allan ( locomotive engineer ) ( 1809–1891 ) , Scottish mechanical engineer
Alexander Allen ( writer ) ( 1814–1842 ) , English writer and linguist
Alexander Viets Griswold Allen ( 1841–1908 ) , American theologian
Florence Parry Heide ( pen name `` Alex B. Allen '' , 1919–2011 ) , American children 's author
Alexander J. Allen ( fl . 1930s ) , American physicist , namesake of Allen Hall ( University of Pittsburgh )
Alexander Allen ( stylist ) ( active since 2001 ) , American fashion stylist
See also
Allan ( disambiguation )
Allen ( surname )
Sheila McGuffie later Sheila Anscombe ( 14 December 1911 - 2007 ) was an aeronautical engineer , who was part of the team that developed the first jet engine .
Early life and education
Sheila Emmet McGuffie was born on 14 December 1911 in Whaley Bridge , Derbyshire to Evelyn Maud ( née Emmett ) and John Carruthers McGuffie , one of five children . She studied Electrical Engineering at the Victoria University of Manchester and graduated in 1932 with an honours degree . She was one of two women to graduate from the department at the same time , the other being Beatrice Shilling . In an article written by McGuffie in the Glasgow Herald in 1950 , she recalled that only four women took degrees in engineering in the UK in the year she graduated , which was a record number . In the same article she recalled riding pillion on Shillings ' motorbike over Manchester 's cobbled streets .
Career
McGuffie found it difficult to obtain employment after graduating and started her career as an apprentice in electrical contracting and house wiring , about which she later wrote an article in The Woman Engineer . She subsequently spent three years as a test records engineer at A.C Engineers , Rugby and then from 1936 worked as a wind tunnel scientist at the Royal Aircraft Establishment , Farnborough .
She gained her pilot 's A licence ( No . 14060 ) while working there , on the 17 July 1936 flying a Pobjoy aircraft at Coventry Aeroplane Club . She was the first woman member and the tenth pupil of the Coventry Aviation Group to fly solo . McGuffie married Leonard Douglas Anscombe , an electrical designer and fellow pilot in the Coventry club in June 1938 at Chapel en le Frith , where her parents had settled . She kept flying as a member of the Civil Air Guard .
Now known as Sheila Anscombe , she worked as a test engineer at Power Jets from 1940 to 1942 with Frank Whittle 's team developing the first jet engine , and she was present at the first flight at Cranwell in May 1941 .
During the Second World War McGuffie also worked as an ambulance driver .
Professional memberships
Royal Aeronautical Society ( student/full member )
Women 's Engineering Society ( member )
References
1911 births
2007 deaths
Alumni of the Victoria University of Manchester
English aerospace engineers
British women engineers
British women in World War II
People from Macclesfield
Women 's Engineering Society
Isaiah ( Ike ) Blessitt ( born September 30 , 1949 ) , is a former Major League Baseball ( MLB ) outfielder who played in 1972 with the Detroit Tigers . He batted and threw right-handed . Blessitt had no hits in five at bats in four games , in his one-year career .
He was drafted by the Tigers in the 15th round of the 1967 amateur draft .
External links
1949 births
Living people
African-American baseball players
Detroit Tigers players
Major League Baseball outfielders
Baseball players from Michigan
Lakeland Tigers players
Rocky Mount Leafs players
Montgomery Rebels players
Toledo Mud Hens players
Tucson Toros players
Birmingham A 's players
Holyoke Millers players
Petroleros de Zulia players
Orlando Juice players
Peoria County is located in the U.S. state of Illinois . The 2020 United States Census listed its population at 181,830 . Its county seat is Peoria . Peoria County is part of the Peoria , IL Metropolitan Statistical Area .
History
Peoria County was formed in 1825 out of Fulton County . It was named for the Peoria , an Illiniwek people who lived there . It included most of the western valley of the Illinois River up to the Chicago river portage .
Gallery timeline
Geography
According to the US Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 1.8 % ) is water . The county is drained by Spoon River , Kickapoo Creek , Elbow Creek , and Copperas Creek .
Climate and weather
In recent years , average temperatures in the county seat of Peoria have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July , although a record low of was recorded in January 1884 and a record high of was recorded in July 1936 . Average monthly precipitation ranged from in January to in May .
Adjacent counties
Knox County – northwest
Stark County – north
Marshall County – northeast
Woodford County – east
Tazewell County – south
Fulton County – southwest
Transportation
Major highways
Interstate 74 in Illinois
Interstate 474
U.S. Route 24 in Illinois
U.S. Route 150 in Illinois
Illinois Route 6
Illinois Route 8
Illinois Route 9
Illinois Route 29
Illinois Route 40
Illinois Route 78
Illinois Route 90
Illinois Route 91
Illinois Route 116
Illinois Route 336 ( Soon )
Defunct highways
Illinois Route 174
Illinois Route 175
Airports
General Wayne A . Downing Peoria International Airport ( PIA ) , formerly Greater Peoria Regional Airport
Mount Hawley Auxiliary Airport ( 3MY ) – Peoria , Illinois
Demographics
As of the 2020 United States Census , there were 181,830 people , including 73,253 households . The population density was . There were 83,034 housing units at an average density of .
The racial makeup of the county was 73.5 % white alone , 18.8 % black or African American alone , 4.1 % Asian alone , 0.4 % American Indian alone , .1 % Native Hawaiian and Other Pacific Islander alone , 3.1 % listed two or more races , 5.1 % Hispanic or Latino , and 69.4 % listed white with no Hispanic or Latino . In terms of ancestry , per the 2010 US Census , 28.3 % were German , 14.8 % were Irish , 10.4 % were English , and 5.5 % were American .
Of the 75,793 households , 30.5 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 44.1 % were married couples living together , 14.1 % had a female householder with no husband present , 37.7 % were non-families , and 31.0 % of all households were made up of individuals . The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 3.00 . The median age was 36.8 years .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 49,747 and the median income for a family was $ 63,163 . Males had a median income of $ 51,246 versus $ 32,881 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 28,157 . About 10.3 % of families and 14.5 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 21.8 % of those under age 18 and 7.8 % of those age 65 or over .
Points of interest
Glasford crater
Jubilee College State Park
WMBD World 's Most Beautiful Drive ( Grandview Drive/Prospect )
Forest Park Nature Center
Peoria Heights Tower Park
Rock Island Trail
Communities
Cities
Chillicothe
Elmwood
Farmington ( mostly in Fulton County )
Pekin ( mostly in Tazewell County )
Peoria ( seat )
West Peoria
Villages
Bartonville
Bellevue
Brimfield
Dunlap
Glasford
Hanna City
Kingston Mines
Mapleton
Norwood
Peoria Heights ( partly in Woodford County and Tazewell County )
Princeville
Census-designated places
Lake Camelot
Mossville
Rome
Smithville
Trivoli
Unincorporated communities
Akron
Alta
Edelstein
Eden
Edwards
Elmore
Kickapoo
Lake of the Woods
Laura
Mossville
Trivoli
Townships
Akron
Brimfield
Chillicothe
Elmwood
Hallock
Hollis
Jubilee
Kickapoo
Limestone
Logan
Medina
Millbrook
Peoria City
Princeville
Radnor
Richwoods
Rosefield
Timber
Trivoli
West Peoria
School districts
Notable residents
People from Peoria County other than in the city of Peoria :
Chris Brackett , host of Arrow Affliction on The Sportsman Channel
Mike Dunne , pitcher for several Major League Baseball teams
Bill Krieg , Major League Baseball player
Lance ( Henry ) LeGault , TV and movie actor : Colonel Roderick Decker on The A-Team
Zach McAllister , Major League Baseball player : Cleveland Indians pitcher
Johnston McCulley , pulp fiction author : creator of Zorro
Richard Pryor , Actor , Comedian
David Ogden Stiers , actor , Major Charles Emerson Winchester III on M * A * S * H
Josh Taylor , TV actor : Chris Kostichek on the soap opera Days of Our Lives
Jim Thome , first baseman for several Major League Baseball teams
Government
Peoria County is governed by an 18-member County Board which meets on the second Thursday of each month . Each member represents a district with roughly 10,000 residents .
The County also elects an Auditor , Circuit Clerk , Coroner , County Clerk , Sheriff , State 's Attorney , Regional Superintendent ( Education ) , and Treasurer to four-year terms .
Politics
Prior to 1992 , Peoria County usually voted for Republican candidates in presidential elections , only voting for Democratic Party candidates when they won nationally by a landslide . It began trending away from the GOP in the mid-1980s , as evidenced when Ronald Reagan only carried it with 55 percent of the vote in 1984 even as he was winning reelection in a landslide nationally .
From 1992 onward , the county has backed the Democratic candidate in every presidential election , though never by a margin greater than 10 percent aside from 2008 when Illinoisan Barack Obama won it by nearly 14 points . This relative closeness in results was most evident in 2004 when the county backed John Kerry over George W. Bush by only 70 votes .
In Congress , Peoria County is represented by Democrat Cheri Bustos of Illinois 's 17th congressional district and Republican Darin LaHood of the Illinois 's 18th congressional district .
In the Illinois Senate , Peoria County is represented by Republican Win Stoller of the 37th Legislative District and Democrat Dave Koehler of the 46th Legislative District . In the Illinois House of Representatives , Peoria County is represented by Republican Ryan Spain of the 73rd Representative District , Republican Mark Luft of the 91st Representative District and Democrat Jehan Gordon-Booth of the 92nd Representative District .
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Peoria County , Illinois
References
External links
Illinois counties
Illinois placenames of Native American origin
1825 establishments in Illinois
Populated places established in 1825
Peoria metropolitan area , Illinois
As-Suwayda Governorate is one of Syria 's 14 governorates ( provinces ) . It has an area of 5,550 km² . Its capital and major town is As-Suwayda .
The governorate has a population of about 346,000 inhabitants ( est . 2007 ) .
The inhabitants of the governorate are predominantly Druze with Greek orthodox minority , there is also a small Muslim community .
Most of the inhabitants live in the western parts of the governorate , in Jabal al-Druze and Leja regions . Only nomadic Bedouin tribes live in the eastern parts , which constitute a barren rocky desert .
The governorate is divided into 3 districts ( manatiq ) : As-Suwayda District , Salkhad District and Shahba District . These are further divided into 9 sub-districts ( nawahi ) .
There are 3 cities , 124 villages and 36 hamlets in the governorate .
Footnotes
Populated places in as-Suwayda Governorate
In enzymology , a 5- ( carboxyamino ) imidazole ribonucleotide mutase ( ) is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
5-carboxyamino-1- ( 5-phospho-D-ribosyl ) imidazole 5-amino-1- ( 5-phospho-D-ribosyl ) imidazole-4-carboxylate
Hence , this enzyme has one substrate , 5-carboxyamino-1- ( 5-phospho-D-ribosyl ) imidazole , and one product , 5-amino-1- ( 5-phospho-D-ribosyl ) imidazole-4-carboxylate .
This enzyme belongs to the family of isomerases , specifically those intramolecular transferases transferring other groups . The systematic name of this enzyme class is 5-carboxyamino-1- ( 5-phospho-D-ribosyl ) imidazole carboxymutase . Other names in common use include N5-CAIR mutase , PurE , N5-carboxyaminoimidazole ribonucleotide mutase , and class I PurE .
References
EC 5.4.99
Enzymes of unknown structure
Little Portugal may refer to :
Little Portugal , London , England
Little Portugal , Montreal , Canada
Little Portugal , San Jose , California , U.S .
Little Portugal , Toronto , Canada
See also
Portugal
Portuguese people
Portuguese-American neighborhoods
Fall River , Massachusetts , U.S. , with the largest Portuguese American population
The Ironbound , Newark , New Jersey , U.S. , known for being a Portuguese neighborhood
Petersham , New South Wales , Australia , known for its extensive Portuguese community
Portuguese Settlement , Malacca , Malaysia
Osteochilus repang is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to eastern Borneo , Southeast Asia .
References
Taxa named by Canna Maria Louise Popta
Fish described in 1904
Osteochilus
James William Fous ( October 14 , 1946 – May 14 , 1968 ) was a United States Army soldier and a recipient of the United States military 's highest decoration—the Medal of Honor—for his actions in the Vietnam War .
Biography
Fous was born in Omaha , Nebraska , on October 14 , 1946 , and graduated from that city 's Central High School in 1964 . He subsequently attended the University of Nebraska at Omaha , and joined the Army from his hometown in 1967 .
By May 14 , 1968 , was serving as a private first class in Company E , 4th Battalion , 47th Infantry Regiment , 9th Infantry Division . On that day , in Kiến Hòa Province , Republic of Vietnam , Fous smothered the blast of an enemy-thrown hand grenade with his body , sacrificing his life to protect the soldiers around him .
Fous , aged 21 at his death , was buried in Fort McPherson National Cemetery , Maxwell , Nebraska .
Medal of Honor citation
Private Fous ' official Medal of Honor citation reads :
For conspicuous gallantry and intrepidity in action at the risk of his life above and beyond the call of duty . Pfc . Fous distinguished himself at the risk of his life while serving as a rifleman with Company E. Pfc . Fous was participating in a reconnaissance-in-force mission when his unit formed its perimeter defense for the night . Pfc . Fous , together with 3 other American soldiers , occupied a position in a thickly vegetated area facing a woodline . Pfc . Fous detected 3 Viet Cong maneuvering toward his position and , after alerting the other men , directed accurate fire upon the enemy soldiers , silencing 2 of them . The third Viet Cong soldier managed to escape in the thick vegetation after throwing a hand grenade into Pfc . Fous ' position . Without hesitation , Pfc . Fous shouted a warning to his comrades and leaped upon the lethal explosive , absorbing the blast with his body to save the lives of the 3 men in the area at the sacrifice of his life . Pfc . Fous ' extraordinary heroism at the cost of his life were in keeping with the highest traditions of the military service and reflect great credit upon himself , his unit , and the U.S. Army .
See also
List of Medal of Honor recipients for the Vietnam War
References
1946 births
1968 deaths
American military personnel killed in the Vietnam War
United States Army Medal of Honor recipients
Military personnel from Omaha , Nebraska
United States Army soldiers
Burials at Fort McPherson National Cemetery
Vietnam War recipients of the Medal of Honor
Deaths by hand grenade
Omaha Central High School alumni
United States Army personnel of the Vietnam War
University of Nebraska Omaha alumni
Patterson Creek is a long 2nd order tributary to the Deep River in Lee County , North Carolina .
Course
Patterson Creek rises in a pond about 1 mile west of Sanford , North Carolina and then flows north to the Deep River about 1.5 miles southeast of Gulf , North Carolina .
Watershed
Patterson Creek drains of area , receives about 47.7 in/year of precipitation , and has a wetness index of 383.71 and is about 72 % forested .
See also
List of rivers of North Carolina
References
Rivers of North Carolina
Rivers of Lee County , North Carolina
Nanney is a surname of Welsh origin Nannau , who were descendants of the princes of Powys , and their country estate at Dolgellau , North Wales .
Hugh Ellis-Nanney ( 1845–1920 ) , British landowner , magistrate and Conservative politician
Kevin `` PPMD '' Nanney ( born 1990 ) , professional Super Smash Bros. Melee player
Richard Nanney ( 1691–1767 ) , 18th-century evangelical priest in north Wales
Wendy Nanney ( born 1965 ) , Republican member of the South Carolina House of Representatives
Surnames of Welsh origin
Alejandro Daniel Islas Arroyo ( born 24 May 1992 in Mexico State , Mexico ) is a Mexican diver . He competed in the individual 3 metre trampoline events at the 2012 Summer Olympics .
References
dive meets
Mexican male divers
1992 births
Living people
Divers at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Olympic divers of Mexico
Sportspeople from the State of Mexico
Universiade medalists in diving
Universiade bronze medalists for Mexico
Medalists at the 2015 Summer Universiade
The Capricorn family of microprocessors was developed by Hewlett-Packard in the late 1970s for the HP series 80 scientific microcomputers . Capricorn was first used in the HP-85 desktop BASIC computer , introduced in January 1980 . Steve Wozniak was inspired to build the Apple to be a computer like the HP 9830 , and in 1976 , he offered HP rights to the Apple computer . He was turned down and was given a release . When the calculator division started an 8-bit computer project called Capricorn , he left for Apple when he was n't allowed to work on that project .
Architecture
The Capricorn is a microprogrammed CPU containing 64 eight-bit registers , an eight-bit arithmetic logic unit ( ALU ) , a shifter and control logic . The 64 registers are split by boundaries . There is a boundary every two bytes for the first 32 registers and one boundary per 8 bytes for the remaining 32 registers . Each low-level instruction modifies data beginning at the register addressed up to the next boundary . The design results in very compact code . It was up to the coder to access and modify between one and eight bytes using only one CPU instruction .
The first 32 registers are often used for address manipulation . The remaining 32 registers are used for floating point operations . Because there are four sets of eight byte boundary registers ( 32-63 ) most floating point operations are done using only registers without any memory access . Six of the first 32 registers are reserved by hardware for use as special-purpose registers : one register pair is defined as the program counter , another pair as the stack pointer , and one more pair as an index pointer for internal operations . There is no dedicated accumulator — any general register can be used for ALU results because the register file is designed to allow up to two read and one write operations for the first 32 registers and up to eight read and one write operations for the remaining 32 registers at the same time . Any pair of registers can be used as a 16-bit index register .
The ALU can work either in binary or binary-coded decimal ( BCD ) mode . Variable-length instructions let the programmer treat data in the upper 32 registers as entities between one and eight bytes in length — for example , two eight-byte values ( e.g . mantissa of a floating-point number ) can be added using a single instruction . This feature reduces the number of loops that need to be programmed .
The CPU has an interrupt mechanism with up to 127 vectors . For direct memory access , the CPU can be halted by an external device .
Implementation
The Capricorn CPU was implemented as a silicon-gate NMOS logic circuit ( 4.93×4.01 mm ) in a 28-pin dual in-line package , with an 8-bit , multiplexed external bus . The CPU chip consumed 330 mW at 625 kHz .
CPU timing is controlled by four non-overlapping clock phases with 200 nanosecond width and 200 nanosecond spacing , for an overall clock cycle of 1.6 microseconds , equivalent to 625 kHz clock frequency .
The complete system included support chips co-designed with the CPU , such as a dynamic memory controller , keyboard controller with timers , printer controller and CRT controller . A special buffer chip connected to the expansion slots .
References
Notes
Capricorn
8-bit microprocessors
The Federation of Baptist Associations of Costa Rica ( Federación de Asociaciones Bautistas de Costa Rica ) is the largest Baptist group in Costa Rica .
History
In 1888 , the Jamaica Baptist Missionary Society sent J. H. Sobey to labor in Costa Rica . Four Baptist churches formed the Baptist Convention of Costa Rica in 1947 . This convention labored in cooperation with the Southern Baptist Convention until a dispute arose in 1980 and the relationship was severed . In 1981 , those wishing to continue cooperation with the Southern Baptist Convention organized the National Union of Baptist Churches .
In 1995 , the Baptist Convention of Costa Rica had 24 churches with about 3500 members .
See also
Bible
Born again
Baptist beliefs
Worship service ( evangelicalism )
Jesus Christ
Believers ' Church
References
Christian organizations established in 1947
Protestantism in Costa Rica
Baptist denominations established in the 20th century
Baptist denominations in North America
1947 establishments in Costa Rica
Baptist organizations
The Calendarium Naturale Magicum Perpetuum is a late renaissance ( c.1619-1620 ) grimoire and esoteric print of calendar engravings . Its full title is Magnum Grimorium sive Calendarium Naturale Magicum Perpetuum Profundissimam Rerum Secretissimarum Contemplationem Totiusque Philosophiae Cognitionem Complectens . It is in three sheets , measuring more than four feet long and about two feet wide , and includes an early example of a Pentagrammaton .
The `` author '' in the 1619 ( or 1620 ) Frankfurt print is given as Johann Baptist Grossschedel von Aicha ( Frankfurt 1620 ) , and attributes some of the engravings to Tycho Brahe . The original engraver is given as Theodor de Bry ( Flemish-born German engraver , 1528–98 ) as originally published in 1582 . The 1620 engraver used by Grossschedel may be Matthäus Merian the Elder ( Swiss engraver , 1593–1650 ) . The work predated , and influenced , the Rosicrucian furor .
References
1619 books
Esotericism
Grimoires
Calendars
Nauru competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , from 5 to 21 August 2016 . The country 's participation in Brazil was its sixth consecutive appearance at the Summer Olympics since its debut at the 1996 Summer Olympics . Nauru 's delegation included two participants : Ovini Uera , a judoka in the men 's middleweight judo category ; and Elson Brechtefeld in the men 's 56 kg weightlifting competition . Uera qualified as Nauru 's top-ranked judoka , in the IJF World Ranking List through a quota slot from the Oceania Judo Union . Brechtefeld qualified by grant from the International Weightlifting Federation of an unused quota place . Uera was eliminated by Varlam Liparteliani in the round of 16 and Brechtefeld finished 15th in his event .
Background
Nauru participated in six Summer Olympic Games between its debut in the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta , United States and the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil . The country sent its largest delegation to a Summer Games when three athletes took part in both the 1996 and 2004 Olympics . Nauru has yet to win its first Olympic medal .
The Nauru National Olympic Committee selected two athletes , having chosen for the second successive time to compete only in judo and weightlifting . This was Nauru 's second-largest team sent to the Olympics , tying with 2000 in Sydney and 2012 in London for this number of athletes . The Nauruan athletes chosen were judoka Ovini Uera in the men 's 90 kg category , and weightlifter and 2010 Youth Olympian Elson Brechtefeld ( men 's 56 kg ) . Brechtefeld was the flag bearer for the opening ceremony and Uera for the closing ceremony .
Judo
Nauru qualified one judoka for the men 's middleweight category ( 90 kg ) at the Games . Ovini Uera earned the continental quota spot from the Oceania region , as Nauru 's top-ranked judoka in the IJF World Ranking List of 30 May 2016 . Uera said in an interview that he started judo in 2012 from his need to learn grapples in boxing . He said he `` immediately fell in love with the sport '' .
Uera produced the nation 's best result with an opening-round triumph over Belize 's Renick James , before falling short in his next match to eventual silver medal winner Varlam Liparteliani of Georgia .
Weightlifting
Nauru received an unused quota place from the IWF to send a male weightlifter to the Olympics , the nation 's sixth consecutive participation . Nauru has been relatively notable for its weightlifting , as one of its participants Marcus Stephen served as president of the country after his retirement from the sport . The country has previously won a medal at every edition of the Commonwealth Games it has contested . Brechtefeld successfully cleared his first and second snatch attempts of and , but scratched his final attempt of . For the clean and jerk section , he completed his first attempt of . After failing his second attempt of , he succeeded in his final attempt of clearing the weight , ending up with a total score of 223 and ranking 15th and last of the competitors who achieved a total .
References
External links
Olympics
Nations at the 2016 Summer Olympics
2016
Calvin Leavy ( April 20 , 1940 – June 6 , 2010 ) was an American soul-blues and electric blues singer and guitarist . He had a hit single in 1970 , when `` Cummins Prison Farm '' peaked at number 40 on the US Billboard R & B chart and stayed on the chart for five weeks . Locally , it was number one on the chart of radio station WDIA , based in Memphis , Tennessee .
Later in his life , Leavy became the first person indicted under the 1989 Arkansas `` drug kingpin law '' . He died in prison .
Biography
Calvin James Leavy was born in Scott , Pulaski County , Arkansas , the youngest son of fifteen children . As a child he sang in his church choir . By adolescence , he was singing with various gospel ensembles in Little Rock . He formed the Leavy Brothers Band in 1954 , and they were popular locally , before relocating to Fresno , California . By the end of 1968 , they had moved back to Little Rock and were playing at local clubs . Through this work , Leavy was offered recording time at E & M Studios in Little Rock . The group recorded a cover version of `` Tennessee Waltz '' and the song `` Cummins Prison Farm '' , written by Bill Cole . Leavy used the prison experiences of one of his brothers to expand the lyrical content . It was originally issued by Soul Beat Records and was subsequently distributed nationally by Blue Fox Records , that label 's first release . `` Cummins Prison Farm '' reached number 40 on the Billboard R & B chart . Recorded in one take , it was one of 27 blues-based songs that reached the R & B chart in 1970 .
Leavy recorded further singles for Aquarian , Soul Beat , Downtown and Messenger Records . These included `` Nothing but Your Love '' , `` Give Me a Love ( That I Can Feel ) '' and `` Goin ' to the Dogs Pt . 1 '' . The band also made some recordings for the Arkansas Bicentennial Blues Project , which are archived at the University of Arkansas at Little Rock . They also appeared in 1977 at the Beale Street Music Festival , before disbanding . Forming Calvin Leavy and the Professionals , he and his new band remained popular locally . They recorded `` Is It Worth All ( That I 'm Going Through ) '' , `` Big Four '' , `` What Kind of Love '' , `` Free from Cummins Prison Farm '' , and `` If Life Last Luck Is Bound to Change '' . Further national chart success eluded him , but he maintained a strong fan base in the South , and his records often appeared on local jukeboxes .
In 1991 , Leavy was charged with making payments to an undercover police officer and was convicted of multiple drug-related offences in July 1992 . He was sentenced to life plus twenty-five years . His imprisonment started at Cummins Prison . By 2004 , his sentence was commuted to seventy-five years .
Leavy died in June 2010 , at the age of 70 , in the Jefferson Regional Medical Center in Pine Bluff , Arkansas . He would have been eligible for parole in eighteen months .
Discography
Compilation albums
See also
List of electric blues musicians
List of soul-blues musicians
References
External links
Discography at Koti.mbnet.fi
1940 births
2010 deaths
American blues singers
American blues guitarists
American male guitarists
Electric blues musicians
Soul-blues musicians
Singers from Arkansas
People from Pulaski County , Arkansas
Guitarists from Arkansas
20th-century American guitarists
African-American guitarists
20th-century African-American male singers
In the field of ordinary differential equations , the Picone identity , named after Mauro Picone , is a classical result about homogeneous linear second order differential equations . Since its inception in 1910 it has been used with tremendous success in association with an almost immediate proof of the Sturm comparison theorem , a theorem whose proof took up many pages in Sturm 's original memoir of 1836 . It is also useful in studying the oscillation of such equations and has been generalized to other type of differential equations and difference equations .
The Picone identity is used to prove the Sturm–Picone comparison theorem .
Picone identity
Suppose that u and v are solutions of the two homogeneous linear second order differential equations in self-adjoint form
and
Then , for all x with v ( x ) ≠ 0 , the following identity holds
Proof
Notes
References
Ordinary differential equations
Mathematical identities
Gorostiaga is a surname of Basque origin . It may refer to :
People
Alejandro Gorostiaga ( 1840–1912 ) , Chilean military officer
Koldo Gorostiaga Atxalandabaso , ( 1940 ) , Basque university lecturer and politician
José Benjamín Gorostiaga , ( 1822-1891 ) , Argentine lawyer and politician ; see Argentine Constitution of 1853
José Eustaquio Gorostiaga , ( 1838- ? ) , Chilean military in the 1881 Battle of Miraflores , Lima , Peru
Dolores Gorostiaga , ( 1957 ) , vice-president of Cantabria from 2003 to 2011
Places
Gorostiaga ( Buenos Aires ) , a settlement in Chivilcoy Partido , Argentina
Basque-language surnames
The 1968 United States presidential election in South Carolina took place on November 5 , 1968 . All 50 states and the District of Columbia were part of the 1968 United States presidential election . South Carolina voters chose 8 electors to the Electoral College , who voted for president and vice president .
Background
For six decades up to 1950 South Carolina was a one-party state dominated by the Democratic Party . The Republican Party had been moribund due to the disfranchisement of blacks and the complete absence of other support bases as the Palmetto State completely lacked upland or German refugee whites opposed to secession . Between 1900 and 1948 , no Republican presidential candidate ever obtained more than seven percent of the total presidential vote – a vote which in 1924 reached as low as 6.6 percent of the total voting-age population ( or approximately 15 percent of the voting-age white population ) .
Following Harry S. Truman 's To Secure These Rights in 1947 , the following year South Carolina 's small electorate overwhelmingly rejected him in favour of state Governor Strom Thurmond , who won 71 percent of the state 's limited electorate and every county except poor white industrial Anderson and Spartanburg . During the 1950s , the state 's wealthier and more urbanized whites became extremely disenchanted with the national Democratic Party and to a lesser extent with the federal administration of Republican Dwight D. Eisenhower . However , aided by the state 's abolition of its poll tax in 1950 , the poor white upcountry provided enough support to national Democrats Adlai Stevenson II and John F. Kennedy to , aided by substantial majorities amongst the small but increasing number of blacks able to vote , keep the state in Democratic hands .
During the 1950s , wealthy textile mill owners in the upcountry developed a grassroots state Republican Party dedicated to the tenets of the John Birch Society . This group nominated the most conservative delegation at the party 's 1960 convention . These wealthy businessmen would merge with hardline segregationists to draft Barry Goldwater for the Republican nomination in 1960 and join forces therein by 1964 , when Thurmond , now a US Senator , switched his registration from Democratic to Republican to support Goldwater in his presidential campaign . By sweeping the lowcountry and reducing Democratic majorities in the upcountry , Goldwater won the state by almost eighteen percent .
The Voting Rights Act of 1965 severely angered those economically center-left leaning poor whites who had remained loyal to the national Democratic Party . Their generally extreme social conservatism and hostility towards opportunities for blacks led poor white Deep Southerners to former Alabama Governor George Wallace who had attracted national attention for his support of segregation in his first term and entered Democratic Party primaries in 1964 with substantial success even in northern states . Wallace would develop a powerful third-party presidential campaign after he left the governor 's office in 1967 amidst a sweeping rejection of the Democratic Party , and it was clear that discontent with racial liberalization was universal across white America .
Vote
Although Nixon ignored the other Deep South states because he knew that he had no chance of competing with George Wallace , in South Carolina Senator Thurmond , believing Wallace could not win the election and that northeastern urban liberalism would continue to dominate if he endorsed Wallace , took the stump for Nixon in the Palmetto State . The result was that Wallace support in South Carolina plummeted rapidly , although in early September the Alabama governor predicted he would carry the state , an opinion backed up by early polling in mid-September . Other polls , however , had the race very close between the three candidates .
Nixon himself campaigned in the state , aided by Thurmond , at the end of September . Polls remained close between the three candidates throughout October , but Nixon ultimately carried the state over Wallace by 5.79 percent , with Humphrey forced into third place . Extremely clear demographic and racial divides existed between the three candidates : Nixon carried wealthier whites , Wallace the poor whites , and Humphrey the newly enfranchised blacks , with Thurmond 's support helping Nixon to gain critical white landowner backing in the lowcountry .
South Carolina was the only Deep South state not to support Wallace in this election .
Results
Results by county
Notes
References
South Carolina
1968
1968 South Carolina elections
Sayed Mohammad Hashemi ( Dari : سید محمد هاشمی , born 2 March 1994 ) is an Afghanistan international footballer who plays as a defender for Shaheen Asmayee F.C .
International goals
Honours
Afghan Premier League : 2013 , 2014
References
External links
1994 births
Living people
Afghan footballers
Afghanistan international footballers
Footballers at the 2014 Asian Games
Shaheen Asmayee F.C . players
Sportspeople from Herat
Association football defenders
Asian Games competitors for Afghanistan
The 2017–18 Fresno State Bulldogs men 's basketball team represented California State University , Fresno in the 2017–18 NCAA Division I men 's basketball season . The Bulldogs were led by seventh-year head coach Rodney Terry and played their home games at the Save Mart Center as members of the Mountain West Conference . They finished the season 21–11 , 11–7 in Mountain West play to finish in a tie for fourth place . They lost in the quarterfinals of the Mountain West Conference Tournament to San Diego State . Despite having 21 wins , they did not participate in a postseason tournament .
On March 12 , 2018 , head coach Rodney Terry left Fresno State to become head coach at UTEP . He finished at Fresno State with a seven-year record of 126–108 . On April 5 , it was announced that the school had hired San Diego State assistant coach Justin Hutson as head coach .
Previous season
The Bulldogs finished the season 20–13 overall ; and 11–7 in the conference . During the season , Fresno State was invited and participated in the Mountain West–Missouri Valley Challenge , where they defeated Drake in Des Moines , Iowa . In the postseason , Fresno State won against New Mexico but lost to Nevada in the semifinals of the 2017 Mountain West Conference men 's basketball tournament in Paradise , Nevada . The Bulldogs were invited and participated in the 2017 National Invitation Tournament , where they lost to TCU in the first round in Fort Worth , Texas .
Offseason
Departures
Incoming transfers
2017 recruiting class
2018 recruiting class
Preseason
In a vote by conference media at the Mountain West media day , the Brulldogs were picked to finish in fourth place in the Mountain West .
Roster
Schedule and results
Source
|-
! colspan=12 style= '' '' | Exhibition
|-
! colspan=12 style= '' '' | Non-conference regular season
|-
! colspan=12 style= '' '' | Mountain West regular season
|-
! colspan=12 style= '' '' |
References
Fresno State Bulldogs men 's basketball seasons
Fresno State
Hoplopyga brasiliensis is a species of beetles of the family Scarabaeidae .
Description
Hoplopyga brasiliensis can reach a length of about .
Biology
Larvae of this species are termitophilous , living in the nests of Cornitermes cumulans and Diversitermes diversimiles ( Termitidae ) . They construct pupal chambers with the decaying wood as well as a significant layer of their own feces where they develop . The feces contain cuticular hydrocarbons that the specific termite hosts use to identify one another , suggesting that this element of chamber construction plays a role in protecting the h. brasiliensis larvae from termite patrols .
References
Scarabaeidae
Beetles described in 1833
Ireland national cerebral palsy football team is the national cerebral football team for Ireland that represents the team in international competitions . They have participated in several Paralympic Games and World Championships . They have won two bronze medals and a silver at the Paralympics . Their best finish at the World Championships was first at the 1982 edition in Denmark .
Background
Paralympics Ireland manages the national team . In 2011 , members of the Irish national team participated in a study that looking at endurance and running performance as part of a researcher 's efforts to understand the fairness of cerebral palsy football classification . In October 2014 , an IFCPF coaching workshop was held in Wales to try to further develop the sport , with participants from Wales , England and the Republic of Ireland . While Ireland was active in participating on the Paralympic and World Championship level by 2016 , the country did not have a national championship to support national team player development .
In 2016 , after getting an endorsement by the World AntiDoping Agency ( WADA ) , the IFCPF Anti-Doping Code was formally amended to allow for out of competition testing . This was done through a WADA approved Whereabouts Programme managed through ADAMS . Drawing from players in a Registered Testing Pool , players from this country were included ahead of the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio .
Ranking
Ireland was ranked fifth in the world by the IFCPF in 2016 . In September 2012 , August 2013 and November 2014 , the team was ranked number seven in the world . In July 2011 , the team was ranked sixth in the world .
Players
There have been a number of players for the Ireland squad .
Results
Ireland has participated in a number of international tournaments .
IFCPF World Championships
The Republic of Ireland has participated in the IFCPF World Championships . At the 2011 CP-ISRA World Championship in Drenthe , Ireland beat Canada 6 - 0 .
Paralympic Games
Ireland has participated in 7-a-side football at the Paralympic Games . Their best performance was at the 1992 and 1984 Games when they won silver medals . They also won a bronze at the 1988 Games . After qualifying for the gold medal game in the sport 's debut at the 1984 Summer Games , they lost their match to Belgium to finish with a silver medal .
Paralympic Results
References
C
Ireland at the Paralympics
National cerebral palsy football teams
Football 7-a-side teams at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
Football 7-a-side teams at the 2008 Summer Paralympics
Football 7-a-side teams at the 2004 Summer Paralympics
Football 7-a-side teams at the 1996 Summer Paralympics
Football 7-a-side teams at the 1992 Summer Paralympics
Football 7-a-side teams at the 1988 Summer Paralympics
Football 7-a-side teams at the 1984 Summer Paralympics
Whitfield is the name of two census-designated places in Florida :
Whitfield , Manatee County , Florida , also known as Whitfield Estates
Whitfield , Santa Rosa County , Florida
Zeacumantus lutulentus is a species of medium-sized sea snail or mud snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Potamididae , the horn snails .
Distribution
This species occurs in :
New Zealand
Australia
References
Ozawa , T. , Köhler , F. , Reid , D.G . & Glaubrecht , M. ( 2009 ) . Tethyan relicts on continental coastlines of the northwestern Pacific Ocean and Australasia : molecular phylogeny and fossil record of batillariid gastropods ( Caenogastropoda , Cerithioidea ) . Zoologica Scripta , 38 : 503-525
External links
Batillariidae
Gastropods of New Zealand
Gastropods described in 1841
Robert Wilfred Paulson , ( born 1958 ) is a former Commissioner of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police . He retired from the RCMP at the end of June 2017 .
Life and career
Paulson was born in Lachute , Quebec in 1958 . His father was an Icelandic Canadian from Winnipeg whereas his mother was French Canadian . Growing up , he was a member of Cadets Canada . Paulson 's older brother was a Commissioned Officer in the Royal Canadian Navy .
RCAF career ( 1975-1984 )
Paulson joined the Royal Canadian Air Force as a Pilot after high school , serving from 1977 - 1984 . He worked as a flight instructor and aviation administrator at CFB Moose Jaw and CFB North Bay . He left the Canadian Forces in 1984 .
RCMP career ( 1986-2017 )
Following his military career , Paulson spent two years at Simon Fraser University in Burnaby and then joined the Royal Canadian Mounted Police as a Cadet in 1986 . Paulson 's first posting was to the Chilliwack RCMP Detachment . He spent the next 19 years in various RCMP postings in British Columbia before being transferred to National Headquarters in Ottawa .
From November 2010 to November 2011 Paulson served as the Deputy Commissioner for Federal Policing .
On 21 November 2011 Paulson was promoted to Commissioner , one month following the release of his predecessor 's recommendations about the Mayerthorpe killing spree .
In December 2013 Paulson refused to comment on proposed changes to the way police deal with marijuana offences . He was quoted as saying `` I 'm a simple country cop , you know ? I 'm in the business of policing and others are in the business of policy and law '' . However , the following year he opined `` The people that use drugs are not the people we got to be bothering , right ? We 've got to be sort of helping them . ''
As per RCMP memo RCMP Paulson retired on 30 June 2017 , one week before his glacial rollout of the C8 carbine was the crux in the Canadian Labour Code trial of the RCMP over the 2015 Bourque killing spree . The result of the trial was the conviction of the organization led by Paulson for close to seven years .
Awards
References
External links
RCMP biography
His award of Order of Merit of the Police Forces - Governor General of Canada 's website
1958 births
Anglophone Quebec people
Living people
People from Lachute
Royal Canadian Mounted Police commissioners
Simon Fraser University alumni
The Dudley Hill Historic District encompasses the historic heart of Dudley , Massachusetts . The historic district is essentially linear , extending along Center Street between Dudley Hill and Tanyard Roads . This area was the first to be settled in the mid-17th century , and is composed mainly of civic , religious , and residential buildings dating to the 18th and 19th centuries . The district listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001 .
Description and history
The town of Dudley was carved out of land purchased by Joseph Dudley and William Stoughton in 1681 from the Nipmuc Indians . It was not settled until land sales in the 1720s , and was incorporated in 1732 . The Dudley Hill area , where the town center is located , had a longer history as a Nipmuc settlement , and some of its land was granted for the erection of the first church in 1734 . After American independence , the town center grew , with the Black Tavern ( c. 1803 ) serving travelers , and Nichols Academy ( founded 1815 ) located there .
Dudley Hill is a linear ridge , oriented roughly north-south , along which Center Street runs . The historic district extends roughly from Dudley Hill Road in the north to Tanyard Road in the south . The northern end of the district is marked by the village cemetery , and the southern end by the Nichols campus . The most architecturally substantial building in the district is the Conant Memorial Church , built out of brick in 1890 . Next to the church stands the Italianate Grange hall , built c. 1840 as a school , and the Black Tavern is across the street . Most of the residential architecture is either Federal or Greek Revival in style , although there are two examples of later 19th-century Stick style houses .
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Worcester County , Massachusetts
References
Historic districts in Worcester County , Massachusetts
National Register of Historic Places in Worcester County , Massachusetts
Dudley , Massachusetts
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Massachusetts
Nina Arianda Matijcio ( born September 18 , 1984 ) is an American actress . She won the 2012 Tony Award for Best Actress in a Play for her performance as Vanda Jordan in Venus in Fur , and she was nominated for the 2011 Tony Award for Best Actress in a Play for portraying Billie Dawn in Born Yesterday . She stars in Amazon Studios legal series Goliath and starred in the biographical film Stan & Ollie ( 2018 ) as Stan Laurel 's wife Ida Kitaeva Laurel . For her portrayal of actress Vivian Vance in the biopic Being the Ricardos ( 2021 ) , Arianda received critical praise .
Early life and education
Arianda was born on September 18 , 1984 in Manhattan , New York . Her parents were born in Germany to Ukrainian families . She grew up in Clifton , New Jersey , and Heidelberg , Germany . She earned a Bachelor of Arts at Eugene Lang College The New School for Liberal Arts and a Master of Fine Arts at New York University 's Tisch School of the Arts Graduate Acting Program in 2009 .
Career
Arianda made her Broadway debut in April 2011 in the lead role of Billie Dawn in the Broadway production of Born Yesterday , with James Belushi and Robert Sean Leonard . She appeared Off-Broadway as Vanda Jourdain in the comedy-drama play Venus in Fur in 2010 . The play then transferred to the Samuel J. Friedman Theatre on Broadway in early November 2011 , and her performance received critical acclaim .
She starred in the Manhattan Theatre Club 's production of Tales From Red Vienna in 2014 . She has appeared in several films including Win Win , Tower Heist , Midnight in Paris , Rob the Mob , and The Disappearance of Eleanor Rigby . She was cast in January 2015 for Hannibal season 3 as Molly , the wife of Will Graham ( played by her former Broadway co-star Hugh Dancy ) .
Arianda starred in Fool for Love at the Williamstown Theatre Festival in July 2014 with Sam Rockwell , directed by Daniel Aukin . Arianda and Rockwell reprised their roles on Broadway at the Samuel J. Friedman Theatre in 2015 . Arianda played Agnes Stark in the film Florence Foster Jenkins ( 2016 ) and appeared in the film Stan & Ollie ( 2018 ) as Ida Kitaeva , the wife of comedian Stan Laurel .
Arianda co-stars in the series Goliath , first released in 2016 , as well as in the third and fourth seasons of Billions .
In 2019 , she appeared with Sam Rockwell in the Clint Eastwood film Richard Jewell .
Filmography
Film
Television
Stage
Awards and nominations
References
External links
( archive )
1984 births
Living people
21st-century American actresses
Actresses from New York City
Actresses from New Jersey
American film actresses
American people of Ukrainian descent
American people of German descent
American stage actresses
American television actresses
Clarence Derwent Award winners
People from Clifton , New Jersey
Actors from Heidelberg
People from Manhattan
Tisch School of the Arts alumni
The New School alumni
Theatre World Award winners
Tony Award winners
α-Methylacyl-CoA racemase ( AMACR , ) is an enzyme that in humans is encoded by the AMACR gene . AMACR catalyzes the following chemical reaction :
( 2R ) -2-methylacyl-CoA ( 2S ) -2-methylacyl-CoA
In mammalian cells , the enzyme is responsible for converting ( 2R ) -methylacyl-CoA esters to their ( 2S ) -methylacyl-CoA epimers and known substrates , including coenzyme A ester of pristanic acid ( mostly derived from phytanic acid , a 3-methyl branched-chain fatty acid that is abundant in the diet ) and bile acids derived from cholesterol . This transformation is required in order to degrade ( 2R ) -methylacyl-CoA esters by β-oxidation , which process requires the ( 2S ) -epimer . The enzyme is known to be localised in peroxisomes and mitochondria , both of which are known to β-oxidize 2-methylacyl-CoA esters .
Nomenclature
This enzyme belongs to the family of isomerases , specifically the racemases and epimerases which act on other compounds . The systematic name of this enzyme class is 2-methylacyl-CoA 2-epimerase . In vitro experiments with the human enzyme AMACR 1A show that both ( 2S ) - and ( 2R ) -methyldecanoyl-CoA esters are substrates and are converted by the enzyme with very similar efficiency . Prolonged incubation of either substrate with the enzyme establishes an equilibrium with both substrates or products present in a near 1:1 ratio . The mechanism of the enzyme requires removal of the α-proton of the 2-methylacyl-CoA to form a deprotonated intermediate ( which is probably the enol or enolate ) followed by non-sterespecific reprotonation . Thus either epimer is converted into a near 1:1 mixture of both isomers upon full conversion of the substrate .
Clinical significance
Both decreased and increased levels of the enzyme in humans are linked with diseases .
Neurological diseases
Reduction of the protein level or activity results in the accumulation of ( 2R ) -methyl fatty acids such as bile acids which causes neurological symptoms . The symptoms are similar to those of adult Refsum disease and usually appear in the late teens or early twenties .
The first documented case of AMACR deficiency was reported in 2006 . This deficiency falls within a class of disorders called peroxisome biogenesis disorders ( PBDs ) , although it is quite different from other peroxisomal disorders and does not share classic Refsum disorder symptoms . The deficiency causes an accumulation of pristanic acid , DHCA and EHCA and to a lesser extent Very long chain fatty acid and phytanic acid . This phenomenon was verified in 2002 , when researchers reported of a certain case , `` His condition would have been missed if they had n't measured the pristanic acid concentration . ''
AMACR deficiency can cause mental impairment , confusion , learning difficulties , and liver damage . It can be treated by dietary elimination of pristanic and phytanic acid through reduced intake of dairy products and meats such as beef , lamb , and chicken . Compliance to the diet is low , however , because of eating habits and loss of weight .
Cancer
Increased levels of AMACR protein concentration and activity are associated with prostate cancer , and the enzyme is used widely as a biomarker ( known in cancer literature as P504S ) in biopsy tissues . Around 10 different variants of human AMACR have been identified from prostate cancer tissues , which variants arise from alternative mRNA splicing . Some of these splice variants lack catalytic residues in the active site or have changes in the C-terminus , which is required for dimerisation . Increased levels of AMACR are also associated with some breast , colon , and other cancers , but it is unclear exactly what the role of AMACR is in these cancers .
Antibodies to AMACR are used in immunohistochemistry to demonstrate prostate carcinoma , since the enzyme is greatly overexpressed in this type of tumour .
Ibuprofen metabolism
The enzyme is also involved in a chiral inversion pathway which converts ibuprofen , a member of the 2-arylpropionic acid ( 2-APA ) non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug family ( NSAIDs ) , from the R-enantiomer to the S-enantiomer . The pathway is uni-directional because only R-ibuprofen can be converted into ibuprofenoyl-CoA , which is then epimerized by AMACR . Conversion of S-ibuprofenoyl-CoA to S-ibuprofen is assumed to be performed by one of the many human acyl-CoA thioesterase enzymes ( ACOTs ) . The reaction is of pharmacological importance because ibuprofen is typically used as a racemic mixture , and the drug is converted to the S-isomer upon uptake , which inhibits the activity of the cyclo-oxygenase enzymes and induces an anti-inflammatory effect . Human AMACR 1A has been demonstrated to epimerise other 2-APA-CoA esters , suggesting a common chiral inversion pathway for this class of drugs .
References
External links
N.S . man thought he 'd never find anyone else with his condition . Then he got a text from Oklahoma . CBC News . Feb 7 , 2022
Further reading
EC 5.1.99
Enzymes of known structure
Genes on human chromosome 5
Tumor markers
A cosmetic primer is a cream applied before another cosmetic to improve coverage and lengthen the amount of time the cosmetic lasts on the face .
Variations
There are different kinds of cosmetic primers such as foundation primer , eyelid primer , lip primer , and mascara primer .
A foundation primer may work like a moisturizer , or it may absorb oil with salicylic acid to aid in creating a less oily , more matte appearance . Some contain antioxidants such as A , C , and E , or other ingredients such as grape seed extract and green tea extract . There are water-based and silicon-based foundation primers . Ingredients may include cyclomethicone and dimethicone . Some primers do not contain preservative , oil or fragrance . Some may also have sun protection factor ( SPF ) . Some foundation primers are tinted to even out or improve skin tone or color . Others give a pearlized finish to make the complexion more light reflective . There are also foundation primers which are mineral-based primers , which contain mica and silica .
Eyelid or eye shadow primers are similar , but made specifically for use near the eyes . An eyelid primer may help even the color of the lid and upper eye area , may reduce oiliness , may add shimmer , or inversely may mattify . Eye primers aid in the smooth application of eye shadow , prevent it from accumulating in eyelid creases , and improve its longevity .
Eye shadow primers are applied to the eyelid and lower eye area prior to the application of eye shadow . They even out the skin tone of the eyelids hide eyelid veins , and smooth out the skin of the eyelids . Eye shadow primers help with the application of eye shadows . They intensify the color of the eye shadows and keep them from smearing or creasing by reducing the oiliness of the lids . Some eye shadows even state in the instruction sheet , that they are recommended for usage over the eye shadow primer . There is a real difference in the eye shadow color and time of wear when it is used over the primer on bare skin . The effect of eye shadow primers is not limited to eye shadows . They also work for eye liners and eye shadow bases .
Mascara primer is sometimes colorless . It usually thickens and/or lengthens the lashes before the application of mascara for a fuller finished look . It may also help keep mascara from smudging or flaking , and some claim to improve the health of the lashes .
Lip primers are intended to smooth the lips and help improve the application of lipstick or lip gloss , although exfoliating the lips is often recommended before applying . They also are intended to increase the longevity of lip color , and to prevent lipstick from `` feathering '' , that is , smearing past the lip vermilion , and especially from migrating into any fine lines around the lips .
References
External links
What is a Foundation Primer ? And Do I Need it ?
How To Apply Foundation Primer ( video )
Cosmetics
Dubrovka ( ) is a rural locality ( a village ) in Staromatinsky Selsoviet , Bakalinsky District , Bashkortostan , Russia . The population was 13 as of 2010 . There is 1 street .
Geography
Dubrovka is located 18 km northeast of Bakaly ( the district 's administrative centre ) by road . Kyzyl Bulyak is the nearest rural locality .
References
Rural localities in Bakalinsky District
Panther Mountain is a summit located in Central New York Region of New York located in the Towns of Ohio and Webb in Herkimer County , north of Atwell .
References
Mountains of Herkimer County , New York
Mountains of New York ( state )
Explorer 52 , also known as Hawkeye-1 , Injun-F , Neutral Point Explorer , IE-D , Ionospheric Explorer-D , was a NASA satellite launched on 3 June 1974 , from Vandenberg Air Force Base on a Scout E-1 launch vehicle .
Mission
The primary mission objective of Explorer 52 ( Hawkeye-1 ) was to conduct particles and fields investigations of the polar magnetosphere of the Earth out to 21 Earth radii . Secondary objectives were to make magnetic field and plasma distribution measurements in the solar wind , and to study Type-3 radio emissions caused by solar electron streams in the interplanetary medium . To accomplish these objectives , the spacecraft was instrumented with following instruments :
A plasma wave receivers ;
A fluxgate magnetometer ;
A low energy proton-electron differential energy analyzer .
Experiments
Extremely low frequency ( ELF ) / Very low frequency ( VLF ) Receivers
This experiment measured electric and magnetic fields using a electric dipole ( tip-to-tip ) and a search coil antenna deployed from the spacecraft . The electric field spectrum measurements were made in 16 logarithmically spaced frequency channels extending from 1.78 Hz to 178 kHz , and DC electric fields were also measured . The bandwidth of these channels varied from 7.5 % to 30 % depending on center frequency . Channel sensitivity and dynamic range were 1E-6 V/m and 100 dB , respectively . A wideband receiver was also used , with two selectable bandwidth ranges : 0.15 to 10-kHz or 1 to 45-kHz . The magnetic field spectrum was measured in eight discrete , logarithmically spaced channels from 1.78 Hz to 5.62 kHz . The bandwidth of these channels varied from 7.5 % to 30 % depending on frequency . The dynamic range was 100 dB , and the sensitivity ranged from 0.1-nT at 1.78 Hz to 3.4E-4 nT at 5.62-kHz . The wideband receiver described above could be used with the magnetic antenna . Each discrete channel was sampled once every 11.52-seconds .
Low-Energy Proton and Electron Differential Energy Analyzer ( LEPEDEA )
This particle spectrometer ( LEPEDEA ) employed two electrostatic analyzers to measure protrons and electrons simultaneously . A GM tube was an additional detector sensitive to protons above 600 keV and electrons above 45 keV . The sensors were mounted normal to the spacecraft spin axis . Angular distributions of particles were determined with a sector resolution of 50° for analyzer voltage steps and 10° for analyzer voltage sweeps of its whole range . The electrostatic analyzers had a field of view of 8° by 30° and measured protons and electrons from 0.05 to 40-keV . The Geiger–Müller tube had a conical field of view of 15° half-angle . Two modes of operation were used : one instrument cycle of 156 intensity measurements every 46-seconds , or one cycle of 312 intensity measurements every 92-seconds .
Triaxial Fluxgate Magnetometer
A four-range , triaxial fluxgate magnetometer mounted on a boom , was used to measure the ambient magnetic field . The three axes were sampled sequentially three times each 5.72-seconds . Sensitivities and accuracies of the four ranges were ± 150 and 1.2 , 450 and 3.5 , 1500 and 11.7 , and 25,000 and 195.3-nT , respectively . The sensitivity was switched by ground command . Frequency response was DC to 1-Hz ( flat ) ; down 3-dB at 10-Hz ; then falling at 6-dB per octave at higher frequencies . Satellite stray fields were constrained to be less than 0.1 nT , which was also the rms instrument noise level . Inflight calibration was performed once every 98-minutes .
Spacecraft
The spacecraft was spin-stabilized satellite with a nominal rotational period of 11-seconds . In celestial coordinates , the positive spin axis coordinates were right ascension 299.4° ( ± 1.1° ) and declination 8.6° ( ± 1.5° ) . There was no onboard orientation or spin rate control , but the orientation of the spin axis was stable . An optical aspect system operated from launch until 3 September 1974 at which time the optical aspect system was turned off and failed to turn back on . After this period , aspect had to be determined by observing the effect of optical illumination from the Sun on a plasma measurement system . Using the sharp peak observed in this data , corrected orientation information was obtained and rewritten to the data records . The complete spacecraft with instruments had a mass of . Power of 36 watts , depending on solar aspect , was obtained from solar cells . Explorer 52 participated in the International Magnetospheric Study ( IMS ) and during the first half of 1977 data acquisition was confined to IMS special intervals . Data were obtained in real time only , at frequencies of 136 and 400-MHz at 100 bit/s ( or 200 bit/s with convolutional coding ) plus wideband Very low frequency ( VLF ) data .
It was designed , built , and tracked by personnel at the Department of Physics and Astronomy , University of Iowa whose sports teams are the Iowa Hawkeyes . The spacecraft was launched on 3 June 1974 into a polar orbit with an apogee over the North Pole and re-entered on 28 April 1978 after 667 orbits or nearly four years of continuous operation . The spacecraft apogee was of with perigee . The orbital period was 51.3 hours . During its lifetime , the orbital inclination of the plane of the spacecraft 's orbit to the Earth 's equator was of 89.80° . The spacecraft 's axis of rotation at launch was inertially fixed in its orbital plane , directed towards a constant right ascension and declination , and nearly parallel to the Earth 's equatorial plane .
Results
In 1992 , Dr. James Van Allen ( the Hawkeye Project Scientist ) and the other Hawkeye principal investigators provided the National Space Science Data Center ( NSSDC ) with the high resolution digital data ( referred to as Master Science Files ) from Explorer 52 ( Hawkeye-1 ) . Recognizing the uniqueness of these data , the NSSDC has placed the entire Hawkeye data set in its on-line archive .
See also
Explorer 20
Explorer 25
Explorer 40
Explorer program
References
External links
NASA 's Explorer Missions
Satellites formerly orbiting Earth
Explorers Program
Spacecraft launched in 1974
van Dommelen is a Dutch surname . Notable people with the surname include :
Caroline van Dommelen ( 1874–1957 ) , Dutch silent film actress
Ed van Dommelen ( 1934–2021 ) , Dutch politician
Jan van Dommelen ( 1878–1942 ) , Dutch silent era film actor
Surnames of Dutch origin
The Battle of Tryavna ( ) occurred in 1190 , in the mountains around the contemporary town of Tryavna , central Bulgaria . The result was a Bulgarian victory over the Byzantine Empire , which secured the successes achieved since the beginning of the Rebellion of Asen and Peter in 1185 .
Origins of the conflict
After his second campaign in Moesia and the fruitless siege of Lovech in 1187 , the Byzantine Emperor Isaac II Angelos was forced to conclude a truce , thus de facto recognizing the independence of Bulgaria . Until 1189 , both sides observed the truce . The Bulgarians used this time to further organize their administration and military . When the soldiers of the Third Crusade reached the Bulgarian lands at Niš , Asen and Peter offered to help the Emperor of the Holy Roman Empire , Frederick I Barbarosa , with a force of 40,000 against the Byzantines . However , the relations between the Crusaders and the Byzantines smoothed , and the Bulgarian proposal was evaded .
The battle
The Byzantines prepared a third campaign to avenge the Bulgarian actions . Like the previous two invasions , they managed to overcome the passes of the Balkan mountains . They made a bluff indicating that they would pass near the sea by Pomorie , but instead headed west and passed through the Rishki Pass to Preslav . The Byzantine army next marched westwards to besiege the capital at Tarnovo . At the same time , the Byzantine fleet reached the Danube in order to bar the way of Cuman auxiliaries from the northern Bulgarian territories .
The siege of Tarnovo was unsuccessful . The defense of the city was led by Asen himself and the morale of his troops was very high . The Byzantine morale , on the other hand , was quite low for several reasons : the lack of any military success , heavy casualties and particularly the fact that the soldiers ' pay was in arrears . This was used by Asen , who sent an agent in the guise of a deserter to the Byzantine camp . The man told Isaac II that , despite the efforts of the Byzantine navy , an enormous Cuman army had passed the river Danube and was heading towards Tarnovo to relive the siege . The Byzantine Emperor panicked and immediately called for a retreat through the nearest pass .
The Bulgarian Emperor deduced that his opponent would go through the Tryavna Pass . The Byzantine army slowly marched southwards , their troops and baggage train stretching for kilometers . The Bulgarians reached the pass before them and staged an ambush from the heights of a narrow gorge . The Byzantine vanguard concentrated their attack on the centre where the Bulgarian leaders were positioned , but once the two main forces met and hand-to-hand combat ensued , the Bulgarians stationed on the heights showered the Byzantine force below with rocks and arrows . In panic , the Byzantines broke up and began a disorganized retreat , prompting a Bulgarian charge , who slaughtered everyone on their way . Isaac II barely escaped ; his guards had to cut a path through their own soldiers , enabling their commander 's flight from the rout . The Byzantine historian Niketas Choniates wrote that only Isaac Angelos escaped and most of the others perished .
The battle was a major catastrophe for the Byzantines . The victorious army captured the imperial treasure including the golden helmet of the Byzantine Emperors , the crown and the Imperial Cross which was considered the most valuable possession of the Byzantine rulers - a solid gold reliquary containing a piece of the Holy Cross . It was thrown in the river by a Byzantine cleric but was recovered by the Bulgarians . These trophies later became the pride of the Bulgarian Treasure and were carried around the capital , Tarnovo , during official occasions .
Aftermath
The victory was very important for Bulgaria . Up to that moment , the official Emperor was Peter IV , but , after the major successes of his younger brother , he was proclaimed Emperor later that year . Officially , Peter preserved his title and ruled from Preslav , but the state now governed by Ivan Asen I . In the next two years , he conquered many lands to the west and south-west including Sofia and Niš . His troops looted Thrace and the Byzantines were powerless to resist the Bulgarian attacks .
References
Йордан Андреев , Милчо Лалков , Българските ханове и царе , Велико Търново , 1996 .
Battles involving the Second Bulgarian Empire
Battles of the Byzantine–Bulgarian Wars
Balkan mountains
1190 in Europe
12th century in Bulgaria
1190s in the Byzantine Empire
Conflicts in 1190
The March 723 was a Formula 3 racing car built by March Engineering in 1972 .
Development
The March 723 was the successor to the March 713 , the 1971 season Formula 3 racing car which was the basic design for all March Formula 3 cars through 1978 . The 723 was used in the British Formula 3 Championship by the factory team and many private drivers . The 723 was far from the fastest car of the year and many drivers switched to competing products from GRD and Ensign mid-season . The Formula Atlantic version , which dominated this racing series in Great Britain and the USA , was successful .
In 1973 , the far more successful March 733 replaced the 723 .
References
Formula Three cars
1970s cars
Metropolitan Michael , ( secular name Theodot Nykyforovych Khoroshy ; 10 July 1885 , in , near Chigirin , Russian Empire ( now in Ukraine ) – May 5 , 1977 , in Toronto ) was a bishop of the Ukrainian Orthodox Church of Canada from 1951–1977 , and the Church 's Metropolitan from 1973 until his resignation in 1975 .
Ukraine
Theodot Khoroshy began his early education in his village . Later he moved on to the pedagogical seminary in the town of Shamovka in the Kherson region of Ukraine . Following that , he studied at the Theological Seminary and the Faculty of History-Philology of St. Vladimir 's Seminary in Kiev .
In December 1912 , Bishop Nicodemus ordained young Theodot a deacon .
During the next few years , he translated the Liturgical Psalter into Ukrainian .
On April 24 , 1920 , Bishop Dimitrius ( Verbitsky ) ordained him a priest , and in the following months he was appointed Dean of a church in Ternivka , in the Cherkasy region .
After the formation of the non-canonical Ukrainian Autocephalous Orthodox Church joined its ranks .
Due to his clerical work , in 1923 Fr . Theodot was appointed the Dean of the Cathedral of Cherkasy .
At this time the Bolshevik occupation , clergy were pressured to deny their vocation , Fr . Theodot was a great soldier of Christ , and was unshaken . The communist authorities arrested Fr . Theodot in September 1929 , after which he was condemned to eight years in concentration camps in the far north : first on the Kola peninsula on the White Sea , then the `` Island of Death '' : Kond , and a year later to Solovky . In the fall of 1932 he was transferred to the camps of Ukhta-Pechersk for further punishment . Following his release in 1937 , Fr . Theodot returned to the Donbas area in Ukraine and established himself in Kirovograd .
Episcopacy
German Nazi occupation of Ukraine in 1941 bring relative religious freedom . In Kirovohrad , Fr . Theodot organized a Higher Church Government , and in March 1942 he was elected a candidate for the Episcopate . With the blessing of the Administrator of the Warsaw Metropolia in the freed Ukrainian lands , headed by Archbishop Polikarp ( Sikorsky ) , Bishops Nikanor and Ihor , tonsured Fr . Theodot a monk on May 12 , 1942 . He was given the name Michael and ordained into the episcopate as the Bishop of Kirovohrad at St. Andrew 's Cathedral in Kiev .
In November 1942 Bishop Michael was elevated to archbishop of the Kirovohrad Diocese . Archbishop Michael was transferred to the Mykolayiv Diocese due to pressure from German authorities . By the conclusion of the war in 1945 , Archbishop Michael had travelled widely across Europe : to Odessa , Akerman , Galac , Vienna , Warsaw , and throughout Germany and Slovakia . He was allowed to continue his pastoral work for the Ukrainian Orthodox , particularly amongst captives , expatriated workers , and refugees . With the blessing of Metropolitan Polikarp , Archbishop Michael was given the responsibility to look after the Ukrainian Orthodox flock in Bavaria , with its headquarters in Munich .
The Ukrainian Orthodox Church of Canada
Within a few years , with Metropolitan Polikarp 's blessing , the Consistory of the Ukrainian Orthodox Church of Canada invited Archbishop Michael to become her ruling bishop . On May 14 , 1951 , Archbishop Michael came to Winnipeg , Manitoba , Canada ( the Church 's Headquarters ) . However , with the arrival of Metropolitan Ilarion ( Ohienko ) also in 1951 , the UOCC decided to use the higher ranking bishop ( Ilarion ) as `` Metropolitan of Winnipeg and the Central Diocese , Metropolitan of all Canada , and Primate of the Ukrainian Orthodox Church of Canada . '' Archbishop Michael was instead assigned as `` Archbishop of Toronto and the Eastern Diocese . '' Archbishop Michael was the first Bishop of Toronto . Under his guidance , nineteen new churches were constructed .
In 1970 , Metropolitan Ilarion had become ill , and Archbishop Michael became `` Acting Primate '' of the UOCC . When Metropolitan Ilarion reposed in March 1972 , Archbishop Michael was elected Primate of the Church and was installed as Metropolitan in 1973 . However , during the XV Sobor in 1975 , Michael resigned as Metropolitan , stating that he wished to remain as the head of the Eastern Diocese .
Metropolitan Michael died on May 5 , 1977 in Toronto , at the age of 91 . Buried in the Prospect Cemetery in Toronto .
Metropolitan Michael always had a keen concern for the spiritual education of his faithful and especially of the children . He wrote theological works , translated the Psalter , the Horologion ( the Book of Hours ) , and a number of other works into Ukrainian . He also composed music for the services of vespers , matins , and the Divine Liturgy . He was a confessor of the Orthodox Faith and a zealous archpastor . Metropolitan Andrew ( Metiuk ) said at his graveside : `` He was a great intercessor before our Lord God , and for his people and his Church . ''
Sources
1997 Rydna Nyva-UOCC Church Calendar
Canadian clergy
Ukrainian emigrants to Canada
Emigrants from the Russian Empire to Canada
Primates of the Ukrainian Orthodox Church of Canada
1885 births
1977 deaths
People from Chigirinsky Uyezd
Ukrainian diaspora in Canada
June Rochelle is an American contemporary gospel singer , songwriter , executive media producer , editor , and talent scout from Indianapolis , Indiana . Her music infuses gospel , soul , pop , r & b , and jazz . Her debut album , Changing Places , garnered a Grammy ballot . Her next albums are Play This , and June Rochelle Christmas ' Rochelle is the first African-American to headline ABC's-RTV6 Circle of Lights . She was previously a backing vocalist for Diana Ross and Celine Dion . June Rochelle is also the founder of Good Deeds People a public-benefit charity and June Rochelle Media .
References
External links
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
American soul singers
Birthana saturata is a moth in the family Immidae . It was described by Francis Walker in 1864 . It is found on Java .
It is allied to , but quite distinct from Imma caelestis . Adults are larger , and the cilia of both wings are black . The hindwings are without the pale streaks , and have a bluish-white discoidal striga and triangular spots in the interspaces of the terminal area .
References
Moths described in 1864
Immidae
Moths of Asia
Sir Thomas Hatton , 1st Baronet ( c.1583 – 23 September 1658 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons of England variously between 1621 and 1640 .
Hatton was the son of John Hatton of Longstanton , Cambridgeshire and his wife Jane Shute , daughter of Robert Shute , Baron of the Exchequer , and justice of the Court of Common Pleas . Sir Robert Hatton , the politician and landowner , was his brother .
Hatton was elected Member of Parliament for Corfe Castle from 1621 to 1622 and for Malmesbury from 1624 to 1625 . In 1628 Hatton was elected MP for Stamford until 1629 when King Charles decided to rule without parliament . In April 1640 , he was re-elected for Stamford in the Short Parliament He was created a baronet , of Longstanton , Cambridgeshire , by King Charles I on 5 July 1641 .
Hatton died at the age of 75 .
Hatton married Mary Alington , daughter of Sir Giles Alington ( 1572-1638 ) of Horseheath , Cambridgeshire and Lady Dorothy Cecil , daughter of Thomas Cecil , 1st Earl of Exeter . His sons , Thomas and Christopher , succeeded successively to the baronetcy . His daughter , Mary Elizabeth Hatton , married Sir William Boteler of Kinton , Bedfordshire .
References
1580s births
1658 deaths
Baronets in the Baronetage of England
16th-century English people
English MPs 1621–1622
English MPs 1624–1625
English MPs 1628–1629
The 2014 Triglav Trophy was held on 2–6 April 2014 . It was an international figure skating competition held annually in Jesenice , Slovenia . Skaters competed in the disciplines of men 's and ladies ' singles on the senior , junior , and novice levels .
Schedule
Senior results
Men
Ladies
Junior results
Men
Ladies
Novice results
Boys
Girls
References
External links
2014 Triglav Trophy results
Triglav Trophy , 2014
Triglav Trophy
Sebastian Suhl ( born 1969 ) is an American fashion industry executive and former CEO of Marc Jacobs International .
Suhl was the key player of sexual harassment and discrimination case of Prada Group , Prada Female Discrimination Case , the first women 's rights case of fashion industry counter reported to the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights and the first case for # Me Too movement of the fashion industry .
Education
Suhl earned a bachelor 's degree in Political Science and Economics from Colorado College in 1989 and a Masters in Business Administration from ESADE in 1992 .
Career
Suhl began his career in 1992 as a senior auditor with Deloitte & Touche in Barcelona . In 1996 he moved to Paris to take a managerial position with consulting firm Solving International .
Suhl entered the Fashion Industry in 1997 as Managing Director at Thiminster , followed by his role as Director of Business Development for Courreges , beginning in 1999 .
Prada
Suhl joined Prada in 2001 as General Manager of France . In 2005 he was promoted to CEO in the Asia-Pacific region , where he spearheaded the Italian firm 's retail expansion . In September 2009 he became Chief Operating Officer of Prada Group , heading the retail , wholesale , e-commerce and marketing departments for Prada , Miu Miu and Car Shoe brands . In 2011 Suhl launched Prada 's IPO in Hong Kong where the luxury goods group raised $ 2.1 billion . Suhl was also instrumental for Prada 's expansion into the U.S. , Ukraine , Russia and UAE .
In 2009 , Rina Bovrisse , an executive at Prada Japan K.K . contacted Suhl a Global COO at Prada Group in Milan urging to protect her female employees from sexual harassment and illegal sales by forcing her staff to buy Prada products . The Prada Japan K.K . CEO , Davide Sesia and human resources manager , Hiroyuki Takahashi were threatening female staff to purchase Prada products and enter the sales as customers on a regular basis to boost up the sales in Tokyo for IPO approval in Hong Kong . Suhl asked Bovrisse to send him the evidence of sexual harassment and illegal sales . Right after Bovrisse sent the evidence , Suhl forced Bovrisse to resign . Bovrisse took the case to the Tokyo court . Suhl countersued Bovrisse from his Prada logo registration subsidiary , Prada Luxembourg SA , for “ damaging Prada 's logo. ” In Japan , sexual harassment is not illegal at workplace . The Tokyo court ruled in Prada 's favor with the reason “ well-compensated women should absorb this level of harassment. ” This let the UN Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights to call for Japan 's State party to introduce new regulations that would make sexual harassment in the workplace illegal .
Givenchy
In 2012 Suhl left Prada to become CEO of Givenchy . While there he opened 25 new boutiques while continuing to expand the brand 's customer base in newly emerging markets in the East , including China and India .
Suhl 's appointment was met with controversy . Asian Transnational Corporation Monitoring Network ( ATNC ) , a network made of labour organizations from 12 Asian countries wrote a letter of concern to LVMH Group 's Bernard Arnault as Suhl is involved in the discrimination case at Prada when the company `` should proactively adopt measures to eliminate any forms of discrimination and fully observe the laws and regulations regarding labour rights , social justice and equal opportunities '' .
Marc Jacobs
In July 2014 LVMH appointed Suhl CEO of Marc Jacobs International . He was replaced in July 2017 .
Valentino
He is since November 2017 managing Valentino 's development of international sales .
References
Living people
Colorado College alumni
American chief executives of fashion industry companies
Directors of LVMH
1969 births
J. Stephen Lansing ( born 1950 ) is an American anthropologist and complexity scientist . He is especially known from his decades of research on the emergent properties of human-environmental interactions in Bali , Borneo and the Malay Archipelago ; social-ecological modeling , and complex adaptive systems . He is an external professor at the Santa Fe Institute and the Complexity Science Hub Vienna ; a Fellow at the Center for Advanced Study in the Behavioral Sciences at Stanford ; a visiting scholar at the Hoffman Global Institute for Business and Society at INSEAD Singapore , and emeritus professor of anthropology at the University of Arizona .
Career
Lansing obtained his BA with the highest honors at Wesleyan University in 1972 , following a year at the Wesleyan Honors College studying with Jürgen Habermas . He was a doctoral fellow at the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton , New Jersey in 1976 and received his doctorate in Anthropology from University of Michigan in 1977 .
After graduation , in 1977 Lansing began his professional career at the University of Southern California as Assistant Professor . He became Associate Professor in 1983 and Professor in Anthropology from 1990 to 1996 . From 1987 to 1992 he also chaired the Department of Anthropology . From 1995 to 1998 he was Professor of Anthropology and Professor at the School of Natural Resources and Environment at the University of Michigan . In 1998 he moved to the University of Arizona , where he was appointed Professor of Anthropology , and from 2002 also Professor of Ecology & Evolutionary Biology . From 2015 to 2019 , he was Founding Director of the Complexity Institute and Professor in the Asian School of Environment at Nanyang Technological University in Singapore .
Since 1999 , Lansing has participated at the Santa Fe Institute , first as External Professor , from 2002 to 2007 as Professor , and since 2007 as External Professor . In 2008 , he became a Senior Research Fellow at the Stockholm Resilience Centre at the Stockholm University . In 2017 , he joined the Complexity Science Hub Vienna as an external professor .
Research
In the 1980s , Lansing and ecologist James Kremer showed that Balinese water temple networks can self-organize , and that over the centuries , water temple networks expanded to manage the ecology of rice terraces at the scale of whole watersheds . In 2012 , Bali 's water temple networks were recognized as a UNESCO World Heritage Site . In 2017 , Lansing and colleagues showed that the self-organization of the water temple networks is not an historical accident , but an emergent property of a self-governing system of environmental management . In 2019 , the story of the water temple research ( `` Priests and Progammers '' ) was the focus of an exhibition by a team of architects , artists and researchers from ETH Zurich at the Sharjah Architecture Triennial . Lansing 's analysis of adaptive self-organized criticality is now being used to seek a 70 % reduction in greenhouse gas emissions from Balinese rice terraces .
As the pieces of the water temple story were falling into place , Lansing became interested in self-organizing processes elsewhere in the archipelago . In 2000 , he began to work with Indonesian medical researchers , linguists and public health officials to study the co-evolution of social structure , language change and disease resistance on 17 islands in the Malay archipelago . Combining fine-grained linguistic , genetic and kinship information revealed historical patterns of gene expression , social interaction and language change on a scale of time and space that had not previously been observed . The story is told in Islands of Order : A Guide to Complexity Modeling for the Social Sciences ( Princeton University Press 2019 and companion website ) .
In May 2018 Lansing led a team that discovered a group of cave-dwelling hunter-gatherers in Indonesian Borneo , and a year later began working with the Leakey Foundation and the Nature Conservancy to help the Cave Punan preserve their forests . More than half of Borneo 's forest cover is already gone , and at current rates of deforestation the remaining lowland forests ( and with them a large share of the Earth 's terrestrial biodiversity ) will be lost well before the end of the century . In 2022 , with support from the Leakey Foundation and the Indonesian affiliate of the Nature Conservancy , the Regency of Bulungan declared their full support for the right of the Cave Punan to their forests as their ancestral heritage . Like the farmers of Bali , the Cave Punan manage their relationship to the natural environment by consensus . Lansing 's current research explores how the dynamics of these centuries-old systems of adaptive governance may be relevant to the as-yet-unmanaged global commons .
Selected publications
Books :
Lansing , J. Stephen . Priests and programmers : technologies of power in the engineered landscape of Bali . Princeton University Press , 2009 .
Lansing , J. Stephen . Perfect order : Recognizing complexity in Bali . Princeton University Press , 2012 .
Lansing , J. Stephen and Murray P. Cox . Islands of Order : A Guide to Complexity Modeling for the Social Sciences . Princeton University Press , 2019 .
Selected articles :
Lansing , J. Stephen , and James N. Kremer . `` Emergent properties of Balinese water temple networks : coadaptation on a rugged fitness landscape . '' Foundational Papers in Complexity Science , ed . David Krakauer . Santa Fe Institute Press , in press . Original : American Anthropologist ( 1993 ) : 97-114 .
Lansing , J. Stephen , Vanda Gerhart , James N. Kremer , Patricia Kremer , Alit Arthawiguna , Suprapto , Ida Bagus Suryawan , I Gusti Arsana , Vernon L.Scarborough and Kimberly Mikita . 2001 . “ Volcanic Fertilization of Balinese Rice Paddies ” , Ecological Economics 38 ( 2001 ) :383-390 .
Lansing , J. Stephen . `` Complex adaptive systems . '' Annual review of anthropology ( 2003 ) : 183–204 .
Lansing , J. Stephen and Karyn Fox . 2011 . Niche construction on Bali : the gods of the countryside . Phil . Trans . R. Soc . B 2011 366 , 927-934 .
Lansing , J. S. , Cox , M. P. , Downey , S. S. , Janssen , M. A. , & Schoenfelder , J. W. ( 2009 ) . `` A robust budding model of Balinese water temple networks . '' World Archaeology , 41 ( 1 ) , 112–133 .
Lansing , J. Stephen , et al . 2017 . `` Adaptive self-organization of Bali 's ancient rice terraces . '' PNAS 114 ( 25 ) : 6504-6509 .
Lansing J. Stephen et al . 2017 . Kinship structures create persistent channels for language transmission . PNAS 114 ( 49 ) : 12910–12915 .
Yérali Gandica , J. Stephen Lansing , Ning Ning Chung , Stefan Thurner , Lock Yue Chew . 2021 . Bali 's ancient rice terraces : A Hamiltonian approach . 10.1103/PhysRevLett.127.168301
Lansing , J. S. , Chung , N. N. , Chew , L. Y. , & Jacobs , G. S. 2021 . Averting Evolutionary Suicide from the Tragedy of the Commons . International Journal of the Commons , 15 ( 1 ) , pp . 414–430 . DOI : https : //doi.org/10.5334/ijc.1118
Lansing , J. , Jacobs , G. , Downey , S. , Norquest , P. , Cox , M. , Kuhn , S. , . . . Kusuma , P. ( 2022 ) . Deep ancestry of collapsing networks of nomadic hunter–gatherers in Borneo . Evolutionary Human Sciences , 4 , E9 . doi:10.1017/ehs.2022.3
References
External links
J. Stephen Lansing website
Origin Stories
Models for Islands of Order
https : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=h9ozS8BKUFI
1950 births
Living people
American anthropologists
Wesleyan University alumni
University of Michigan alumni
University of Southern California faculty
University of Michigan faculty
University of Arizona faculty
Humber-Gros Morne is a provincial electoral district in Newfoundland and Labrador . As of 2011 there are 12,509 people living in the district .
Humber-Gros Morne includes part of the former district of St. Barbe and most of the former district of Humber Valley . The district was created following the 2015 electoral districts boundaries review .
The district includes Deer Lake and surrounding communities ( Howley and Reidville ) as well as the southern half of the Great Northern Peninsula . Bellburns is the district 's northern limit on the west side and Jackson 's Arm is the northern limit on the east side . Other notable communities in this district include Cormack , Cow Head , Hampden and Rocky Harbour .
The district was formerly represented by Premier Dwight Ball until his resignation . The district is currently represented by Premier Andrew Furey .
Members of the House of Assembly
The district has elected the following Members of the House of Assembly :
Election results
|-
|-
|-
References
Newfoundland and Labrador provincial electoral districts
2015 establishments in Newfoundland and Labrador
Toomas Nipernaadi is a 1928 Estonian novel by August Gailit , as well as the ( assumed ) name of the novel 's protagonist . It was strongly influenced by neo-romanticism . The story of the book was made into a film titled Nipernaadi in 1983 . The novel appeared in English translation in 2018 .
Character
The character is an archetypical traveller ; a vagabond . He is noted for frequent lying , for promising something to everybody around him , and to beautiful women in particular — but always moving on before his promises can be fulfilled . Nipernaadi is a writer who spends his summers travelling incognito around Estonia . Despite the roguish nature of his behavior , he still somehow brings hope to the stagnant backwater villages he breezes through , inspiring the inhabitants to turn their own dreams into reality .
The novel has given modern Estonian the word `` nipernaadi , '' a somewhat whimsical term for an adventurous traveller who wants to experience something off the beaten track or beyond the usual tourist sights . The news and public affairs station Radio Kuku , for instance , has a regular travel feature called `` Nipernaadid '' ( The Nipernaadis ) .
References
Nipernaadi , Toomas
Toomas Nipernaadi
Toomas Nipernaadi
Estonian novels adapted into films
Robert Overdo ( fl . 1368–1386 ) , of Appleby-in-Westmorland , was an English politician .
He was a Member ( MP ) of the Parliament of England for Appleby in 1368 , 1369 , 1371 , 1372 , 1378 , January 1380 , February 1383 , October 1383 , April 1384 and 1386 .
References
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
Members of the Parliament of England ( pre-1707 ) for Appleby
English MPs 1368
English MPs 1369
English MPs 1371
English MPs 1372
English MPs 1378
English MPs January 1380
English MPs February 1383
English MPs October 1383
English MPs April 1384
English MPs 1386
Tony Robbins : I Am Not Your Guru is a 2016 documentary film directed by Joe Berlinger . It goes behind the scenes of Tony Robbins ' annual seminar `` Date With Destiny '' in Boca Raton , Florida . The film captures the efforts of producing the seminar as well as the effects on the participants .
Cast
Anthony Robbins
Julianne Hough
Maria Menounos
Milana Vayntrub
Sage Bonnie Humphrey
Dawn Watson
Reception
The documentary received mixed reviews after its debut on Netflix in 2016 . Critics noted that it felt more like a tribute to Robbins rather than an exploration of his life and work . After the film 's debut , Business Insider interviewed Berlinger , in which he said that he intentionally wanted to make a positive film , and noted that he received encouragement from fellow documentarian Michael Moore for “ going forward with an uplifting project he believed in , even though he predicted critics would harshly judge his decision to do so . ”
References
External links
2016 documentary films
2016 films
Netflix original documentary films
Films directed by Joe Berlinger
Documentary films about Florida
Films shot in Florida
Boca Raton , Florida
Films produced by Joe Berlinger
2010s English-language films
Hypercar or variation may refer to :
Hypercar ( concept car )
Hypercar ( car classification ) , a high-performance supercar
Le Mans Hypercar
See also
Hyper ( disambiguation )
Car ( disambiguation )
Supercar ( disambiguation )
Muscle car
Ai n't No Little Girl is a 2016 extended play ( EP ) by Australian country singer Kasey Chambers . Three of the four tracks from the EP also appear on Chambers ' 2017 album , Dragonfly .
The title track of the EP is intended as the answer to the question posed by her 2002 number one single `` Not Pretty Enough '' . Chambers said : `` The song has all my insecurities and vulnerability and broken hearts in there and I still do n't know what the f ... I am doing half the time but now I also have strength . ''
Elsewhere , Chambers said , `` It 's the first song in my life I truly feel 'wrote me ' rather than me writing it . I wrote it a few years back and never connected to it much because I honestly felt like I was n't strong enough personally or vocally to really 'own it . ' I grew into the song throughout a lot of personal growth and after vocal surgery having two nodules removed from my vocal cords , I found a new strength and power within myself as a singer and a woman . It became a theme to new life , and I feel is the most important song I 've ever written . ''
Critical reception
Daniel Patrin from Renowned for Sound gave the extended play 4 out of 5 , saying : `` It 's a well-thought sampler of hand plucked Aussie country jams , even featuring a track with Keith Urban . The EP covers many different moods in its short time , doing well to encapsulate feelings of modernism with a classic country appeal . '' He called the EP `` a golden nugget of outback goodness proving to be that of essential 2016 listening . It showcases Kasey 's confident musical headspace of today while maintaining a thorough country music backbone . ''
Track listing
Digital download
`` Ai n't No Little Girl '' – 4:16
`` If We Had a Child '' ( with Keith Urban ) – 3:39
`` Only Child '' – 2:53
`` Talkin ' Baby Blues '' – 4:31
Charts
Release history
References
2016 EPs
EPs by Australian artists
Kasey Chambers albums
Max Darj ( born 27 September 1991 ) is a Swedish handball player for Füchse Berlin and the Swedish national team .
References
External links
1991 births
Living people
Handball players from Gothenburg
Swedish male handball players
Expatriate handball players
Swedish expatriate sportspeople in Germany
Handball-Bundesliga players
Handball players at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Olympic handball players of Sweden
Bergischer HC players
Füchse Berlin Reinickendorf HBC players
The Theatinerstraße is a street in Munich 's old town . It connects the Odeonsplatz with the southern lying Marienhof and houses a number of classical buildings and several shops . The street received its name due to the adjoining Theatinerkirche ; it used to be called Hintere Schwabinger Gasse .
Location
The Theatinerstraße extends from the Odeonsplatz south to the Marienhof . The Viscardigasse and the Perusastraße connect them with the residential road in the east ; via the Salvatorstraße or the Maffeistraße , the western parallel road Kardinal-Faulhaber-Straße can be reached . At the height of the Marienhof , the Theatinerstraße turns into Weinstraße at the junction Schäfflergasse , which then leads past the New Town Hall to the Marienplatz . The Theatinerstraße–Weinstraße is part of the north-south medieval trade route , which existed at the time of the city 's founding in the 12th century and crossed the salt road at Marienplatz in an east-west direction . The transition from the Weinstraße to the Theatinerstraße marks the border of the medieval so-called Heinrichsstadt . There , until 1691 , the Hinteres Schwabinger Tor ( rear Schwabinger Tor ) also called Wilbrechtsturm ( Wilbrecht tower ) , was located . Until 1817 , the outer Schwabinger Tor stood at the northern end of Theatinerstraße .
Shopping street
Many international companies have branches on Theatinerstraße , including Armani , Bassetti , Butlers , Zara , Esprit and Bose . It also houses the Fünf Höfe , which houses another 60 shops , several restaurants and the Kunsthalle of the Hypo-Kulturstiftung .
Transportation
The entire Theatinerstraße is declared a pedestrian zone and not passable for motorized individual traffic .
With the Munich Underground , the Theatinerstraße can be reached from the underground station Odeonsplatz via the lines U3 , U4 , U5 and U6 . Also at Odeonsplatz , there is a bus stop served by lines N40 , N41 and 100 . For the Munich tram there is the Theatinerstraße stop at the corner Maffeistraße , which is served by the line 19 .
Attractions
Palais Moy ( D-1-62-000-979 )
Palais Preysing
Arco-Palais ( D-1-62-000-6844 )
Feldherrnhalle ( D-1-62-000-4933 )
Theatinerkirche ( D-1-62-000-6847 )
References
Streets in Munich
Buildings and structures in Munich
Historicist architecture in Munich
John White ( June 8 , 1811 – May 3 , 1897 ) was an Ontario lumber merchant and political figure . He represented Halton in the House of Commons of Canada as a Liberal member from 1867 to 1874 .
Biography
Born in Omagh , County Tyrone , Ireland , in 1811 , White came to Canada with his family in 1823 , first settling in Etobicoke , and was educated in York , Upper Canada . He served on the council of Gore District for nine years , and then , after moving to Halton County , was subsequently elected to that council .
White was elected to the Legislative Assembly of the Province of Canada for Halton in 1851 , defeated in 1854 , and returned once more in 1858 , serving until Confederation . In 1867 , he was elected as the first MP for Halton in the House of Commons of the new Parliament of Canada , where he served until his narrow defeat in the 1874 election . When the newly elected MP , Daniel Black Chisholm , was later unseated because of bribery undertaken by his agents , White decided not to stand for re-election , and retired in favour of William McCraney who won the 1875 byelection .
White was known as a horse breeder , and several horses owned by White and his brother James won the Queen 's Plate , including the first running of this event . At the time of his death , his horses had won the Plate more than any other owner 's to that date . He also served as Captain and Adjutant in the 3rd Battalion , and was later , upon the creation of the active militia in 1867 , Lieutenant in the 20th Halton Battalion of the Canadian militia ( one of the predecessors of the Lorne Scots ) .
White was married twice : to Mehitabel Post in 1836 and to Louisa Knight in 1849 . He died in Milton at the age of 85 .
Electoral record
References
External links
1811 births
1897 deaths
People from Omagh
Members of the Legislative Assembly of the Province of Canada from Canada West
Liberal Party of Canada MPs
Members of the House of Commons of Canada from Ontario
Canadian racehorse owners and breeders
Canadian people of Ulster-Scottish descent
Irish emigrants to pre-Confederation Ontario
Immigrants to Upper Canada
WMIL-FM ( 106.1 MHz ) is a commercial radio station licensed to Waukesha , Wisconsin , and serving the Greater Milwaukee/Southeast Wisconsin radio market . It carries a country music radio format and is owned by iHeartMedia . The studios and offices are located in the Milwaukee suburb of Greenfield .
WMIL-FM has an effective radiated power ( ERP ) of 12,000 watts . The transmitter site is in Milwaukee 's North Side off Humboldt Boulevard near Estabrook Park and the Milwaukee River . WMIL-FM broadcasts in the HD Radio hybrid format . The HD2 digital subchannel carries new country music . The HD3 subchannel airs alternative rock from the 1990s and 2000s as `` Alt 2K . ''
History
WAUX-FM , WAUK-FM
On January 1 , 1962 , the station signed on as WAUX-FM , sister station to WAUX 1510 AM . The stations were owned by the Waukesha Broadcasting Company . At the time , WAUX-FM 's effective radiated power was 3,800 watts , a fraction of its current output .
Because WAUX was a daytimer , the two stations simulcast during the day and programming continued on WAUX-FM at night . A few years later in 1965 , they became WAUK and WAUK-FM respectively . During the 1970s , WAUK-FM aired a beautiful music format .
WMIL-FM
In December 1975 , the station adopted the WMIL-FM call sign ( originally used by 95.7 FM ) . Stebbins Communications acquired the two stations in 1975 . For a time , WMIL-FM was dark when Stebbins went bankrupt . The AM station had already been sold to another company in 1977 .
Charter Broadcasting , which already owned WOKY 920 AM , purchased WMIL-FM in 1979 . The company sold WOKY and WMIL-FM to Sundance Broadcasting in June 1983 . The easy listening format was starting to age in the 1980s and the new owners had a different plan for WMIL-FM .
Country music
The present country format was launched on WMIL-FM , competing against 102.9 WBCS ( now active rock station WHQG ) . As a country station , WMIL-FM has long been successful in the local ratings . Clear Channel Communications , a forerunner to today 's iHeartMedia , bought WMIL-FM and WOKY for $ 40 million in 1997 . In 2007 , WMIL-FM was voted `` Top Country Station in a Large Market '' . The station competes with country stations in surrounding suburbs ( WMBZ in West Bend and WVTY in Racine ) , but generally has outdone any competitors in Milwaukee proper since the mid-80s .
Current programming
The station 's local morning show is co-hosted by Shaun Ridder , Scott Dolphin , and Shannen Oestereich , with afternoons hosted by assistant program director/music director Shanna `` Quinn '' Hoy . Other shifts are voicetracked by iHeart country hosts such as Billy Greenwood ( late mornings/noontime ) and Ric Rush ( evenings ) . Syndicated programming includes CMT After Midnite With Granger Smith in overnights , with Bob Kingsley 's Country Top 40 and a weekly best-of edition The Bobby Bones Show on weekends to keep local exclusivity of that show with iHeartMedia .
References
External links
FM 106.1
Milwaukee radio : a retrospective
MIL-FM
Radio stations established in 1962
IHeartMedia radio stations
{ { Infobox person
| name = Tejashri Pradhan
| image = Tejashree Pradhan .jpg
| caption = Pradhan in 2018
| image_size =
| birth_name =
| birth_date =
| birth_place = Mumbai , Maharashtra
| nationality = Indian
| occupation = Actress
| years_active = 2007-present
| known_for = | education =
| spouse =
| signature = Tejashree Pradhan Signature.svg
} }
Tejashri Pradhan ( born 2 June 1988 ) is an Indian television and film actress who has appeared in multiple Marathi films and television serials . She is better known as Shubhra and Janhvi from the Zee Marathi television serials Aggabai Sasubai ( 2019 ) and Honar Sun Mi Hya Gharchi ( 2013 ) , respectively . Pradhan also did voice-overs for a mobile application named Go-stories which features various Marathi stories . She has also appeared in a YouTube video Uncomfortable and been a speaker at TED Talks .
Early life
Pradhan was born on 2 June 1988 in a middle class Maharashtrian CKP family . She belongs to the suburb of Dombivli near Mumbai . When she was 15 , she decided to enroll in a personality development course that came along with a course in acting . She received the offer of films in her second year at college .
Personal life
She rose to prominence after her role in Marathi TV series Honar Sun Me Hya Gharchi . She married co-actor Shashank Ketkar from this series in 2014 and they divorced in 2015 .
Acting career
Debut and Early Work ( 2007–2013 )
She made her debut on television with `` Hya Gojirvanya Gharat '' . She also played a small role in `` Tuza Ni Maza Ghar Shrimantacha '' . After that , she played a role for `` Lek Ladaki Hya Gharchi '' . She debuted in Marathi films with `` Zenda '' ( 2010 ) .
Success and beyond ( 2013–present )
In 2013 , she bagged the role of Janhavi in `` Honar Sun Me Hya Gharchi '' . She also played roles in various Marathi films such as Sharyat , Lagna Pahave Karun , Dr. Prakash Baba Amte , Judgement , Asehi Ekada Vhave . She is also known for her performance in `` Ti Saddhya Kay Karte '' ( 2017 ) . In the same year , she hosted a reality show Sur Nava Dhyas Nava . In 2019 , she got big break in Bollywood with Babloo Bachelor . she appeared in `` Aggabai Sasubai '' as Shubhra .
Other works and media image
Tejashri has also appeared as a guest in many shows . Her first guest appearance was in Chala Hawa Yeu Dya in 2013 where she promotes her serial Honar Sun Me Hya Gharchi . After her marriage , she made an appearance in Home Minister with her husband ( Shashank Ketkar ) . After that , she again appeared in Chala Hawa Yeu Dya for promoting Ti Saddhya Kay Karte ( 2017 ) . In 2018 , she appeared in Tumchyasathi Kay Pan where she promotes Sur Nava Dhyas Nava . In 2019 , she appeared as a guest in Kanala Khada . In 2021 , she again appeared in Chala Hawa Yeu Dya for promoting Aggabai Sasubai .
In 2020 , she was ranked third in The Times of India 's '' Top 15 most desirable women on Marathi television . In 2019 , she was ranked ninth among the `` Most popular Marathi TV actress '' . She was the named in the Pune Most desirable women . In 2021 , She is included in first place on `` Most Desirable Actress in Marathi Television '' . In the same year , she was ranked sixth in `` Maharashtra 's Stunning & Desirable Beauties '' .
In addition to her acting career , Pradhan endorses several brands , including Dishwasher bar , ZEE5 , Vicco Turmeric , L'Oréal , K-Pra , etc . She also did voice-overs for a mobile application named Go-stories which features various Marathi cine artists .
In 2021 , she launched her own production house with Kirti Nerkar called TeK Productions .
Filmography
Films
Television
Special appearances
Web series
Stage plays
Music videos
Awards and nominations
See also
List of Marathi television actors
List of Indian television actresses
List of Bollywood actresses
References
External links
Living people
Actresses in Marathi cinema
Marathi actors
1988 births
The Asil or Aseel is an Indian breed or group of breeds of game chicken . It is distributed in much of India , particularly in the states of Andhra Pradesh , Chhattisgarh and Odisha ; it has been exported to several other countries . Similar fowl are found throughout much of Southeast Asia .
It is one of the parent breeds of the Indian Game , developed in the West Country of England in the early nineteenth century .
History
The Asil originated in the Indian subcontinent , the area that includes modern India , Pakistan , Bangladesh and Sri Lanka ; it is thought to be among the oldest breeds of fighting cock . The word `` Asil '' is from Arabic , and means `` purebred '' . In India , it is a general term for all fighting breeds .
In India the Asil is distributed particularly in the Khammam district of Andhra Pradesh , in the Bastar and Dantiwara districts of Chhattisgarh , and in the Koraput and Malkanagiri districts of Odisha . It is also present in Bangladesh and Pakistan , which were part of India until Partition , and is found in other countries including Australia , Guatemala , Honduras , Ireland , Luxembourg , the United Kingdom , the United States and Uruguay .
An Asil bantam was created in the late nineteenth century by the British breeder William Flamank Entwisle ; it became popular in Britain and in Holland , but later died out . In the 1980s it was re-created in Belgium by Willy Coppens , using Shamo , Indian Game and Reza Asil ; it is bred in Austria , Belgium , Germany , Holland , Hungary and the United Kingdom , in a variety of colours .
In 2005 the Asil was the only Indian breed of chicken not in need of conservation . In 2007 its global conservation status was listed by the FAO as `` not at risk '' . In 2021 its status was reported to DAD-IS as `` unknown '' ; the Livestock Conservancy in the United States listed it as `` threatened '' .
Characteristics
There are many varieties of Asil . Among them are the Amroha , Bhaingam , Kilimooku , Kulang , Lasani , Madras , Mianwali , Reza and Sindhi types .
Use
Asil hens are not good layers , but sit well . They may lay about 70 eggs per year ; the eggs vary from cream-coloured to brownish , and weigh approximately .
References
Further reading
Esther J.J. Verhoef-Verhallen , Aad Rijs ( 2003 ) . The complete encyclopedia of chickens . Lisse : Rebo International ,
Asil chicken in Pakistan
In Pakistan , cockfighting is a well-liked sport , but the Prevention of Gambling Act of 1977 makes betting on it unlawful . However , police frequently ignore it . People in Sindh prefer to keep the trained breed known as Sindhi Aseel for this purpose , while Mianwali Aseel is another well-liked breed that has been trained for combat .
Sindh , the top supplier of fighter Asil birds and the primary location for cockfights , considers it illegal to arm the birds with either metal spurs ( referred to as gaffs ) or knives . Some competitions permit it in Hower Punjab , which ranks third in cockfighting after KPK .
Conservation Priority Breeds of the Livestock Conservancy
Chicken breeds originating in India
Chicken breeds originating in Pakistan
Animal breeds originating in Sindh
Bobby Ford ( born 14 December 1949 ) is a Scottish footballer , who played for Falkirk , Dundee , Montrose , Raith Rovers , Dunfermline Athletic and Meadowbank Thistle .
External links
1949 births
Living people
Association football midfielders
Scottish footballers
Falkirk F.C . players
Dundee F.C . players
Montrose F.C . players
Raith Rovers F.C . players
Dunfermline Athletic F.C . players
Livingston F.C . players
Scottish Football League players
Footballers from Edinburgh
Kōgaṇṇu ( Dhivehi : ކޯގަންޱު ) is the oldest cemetery in the Maldives . Kōgaṇṇu cemetery is located in the island of Meedhoo in Addu Atoll . The cemetery was built about 900 years ago for the purpose of burying the first Muslims of Addu Atoll . Kōgaṇṇu is a Muslim necropolis . The largest tombstone in the country is also found in this cemetery . It is believed that this tombstone dates back to the 18th century and belongs to one of the royals of the Maldives . Many historical writings of the Maldives are found in Kōgaṇṇu .
See also
Meedhoo ( Addu )
References
Cemeteries in the Maldives
Helcystogramma trigonella is a moth in the family Gelechiidae . It was described by Walsingham in 1892 . It is found in the West Indies .
The wingspan is about 11 mm . The forewings are greyish brown , with a small ferruginous spot at the end of the discal cell , margined on its upper and outer side with whitish-ochreous scales . There is a whitish-ochreous line from the base along the dorsal margin to the bulge of the wing , but not continued where the margin becomes straight . A faint whitish-ochreous spot or group of scales is found on the extreme costal margin at one-fifth from the apex . The hindwings are brownish grey , with a tuft of greyish-ochreous hairs above at the base .
References
Moths described in 1892
trigonella
Moths of the Caribbean
This is a list of the United States national Golden Gloves champions in the featherweight division , along with the state or region they represented . The weight limit for featherweights was first contested at , but was lowered to in 1967 .
1928 - George Root - Chicago
1929 - Barney Ross - Chicago
1930 - Benny Goldblatt - Chicago
1931 - Don Gonzales - Cleveland
1932 - Joe Roman - Joliet
1933 - Leo Rodak - Chicago
1934 - Al Nettlow - Detroit
1935 - Andy Scrivani - Chicago
1936 - Ted Kara - Cleveland
1937 - William Joyce - Gary
1938 - Eddie Dempsey - Davenport
1939 - Tony Ancona - Detroit
1940 - Roly Lewis - Muncie
1941 - Jack Haley - Kansas City
1942 - Sam Derrico - Cleveland
1943 - Tony Janiro - Cleveland
1944 - Major Jones - Kansas City
1945 - Virgil Franklin - Oklahoma City
1946 - Jack Dicker - St. Louis
1947 - Eddie Marotta - Cleveland
1948 - Fernando Rivera - Kansas City
1949 - Eugene Robnett - Chicago
1950 - Ples Gilmore - Toledo
1951 - Ken Davis - Los Angeles
1952 - Ken Davis - Los Angeles
1953 - Johnny Butler - Grand Rapids
1954 - Joe Carles - Los Angeles
1955 - Harry Smith - Cedar Rapids
1956 - Leroy Jeffrey - Tulsa
1957 - Brown McGhee - Montgomery
1958 - Fred Morish - Chicago
1959 - Don Eddington - St. Louis
1960 - Nicholas Spanakos - Hollywood
1961 - James Anderson - St. Louis
1962 - George Foster - Cleveland
1963 - Nick Petrecca - Chicago
1964 - Marcus Anderson - Louisville
1965 - Marcus Anderson - Louisville
1966 - Richard Gillis - Kansas City
1967 - Brooks Byrd - Roswell
1968 - Lorenzo Trujillo - Fort Worth
1969 - James Busceme - Fort Worth
1970 - James Busceme - Fort Worth
1971 - Louis Self - Toledo
1972 - Louis Self - Toledo
1973 - Morice Watkins - Fort Worth
1974 - William Berry - Elizabeth
1975 - Ronnie Shields - Fort Worth
1976 - Davie Armstrong - Las Vegas
1977 - Bernard Taylor - Knoxville
1978 - Bernard Taylor - Knoxville
1979 - Roland Cooley - Pennsylvania
1980 - Bernard Taylor - Knoxville
1981 - Rodney Watts - Columbus
1982 - Shelton La Blanc - Lafayette
1983 - Andrew Minsker - Las Vegas
1984 - Victor Levine - Indiana
1985 - Kelcie Banks - Jackson
1986 - William Little - Knoxville
1987 - Donald Stokes - Louisiana
1988 - Stephen Golisano- East Boston
1989 - Oscar De La Hoya - Los Angeles
1990 - Fernando Sepulveda - Nevada
1991 - Fernando Sanchez - Nevada
1992 - Michael Clark ( boxer ) - West Virginia
1993 - Guillermo Moreno - California
1994 - Augustine Sanchez - Nevada
1995 - Frank Carmona - So . California
1996 - Floyd Mayweather Jr. - Michigan
1997 - José Hernández - Chicago
1998 - Aaron Torres - Pennsylvania
1999 - Michael Evans - Cincinnati
2000 - Tyronne Harris - Michigan
2001 - Aaron Garcia - California
2002 - Jason Ray - San Diego
2003 - Carney Bowman - Pennsylvania
2004 - Gary Lino - New York Metropolitan Area
2005 - Prenice Brewer - Cleveland
2006 - Sadam Ali - New York metropolitan area
2007 - Hylon Williams - Texas
2008 - Keenan Smith - Philadelphia , PA
2009 - Robert Rodriguez , Colorado/New Mexico
References
Golden Gloves
Pensiangan is a federal constituency in Interior Division ( Keningau District and Nabawan District ) , Sabah , Malaysia , that has been represented in the Dewan Rakyat from 1986 to 1995 , from 2004 to present .
The federal constituency was created in the 1984 redistribution and is mandated to return a single member to the Dewan Rakyat under the first past the post voting system .
Demographics
History
It was abolished in 1995 when it was redistributed . It was re-created in 2003 .
Polling districts
According to the gazette issued on 24 September 2019 , the Pensiangan constituency has a total of 38 polling districts .
Representation history
State constituency
Current state assembly members
Local governments
Election results
References
Sabah federal constituencies
Saint Joseph of the Palisades High School was a private , Roman Catholic high school in West New York , in Hudson County , New Jersey , United States . It was located within the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Newark .
As of the 2005-06 school year , the school had an enrollment of 291 students and 19.4 classroom teachers ( on an FTE basis ) , for a student–teacher ratio of 15.0 . On February 27 , 2009 , it was announced the school would close at the end of the 2008-09 school year due to dwindling enrollment .
History
St. Joseph of the Palisades was established in 1931 . The school had been accredited by the Middle States Association of Colleges and Secondary Schools since 1961 . This high school was also a member of the National Honor Society and the New Jersey State Interscholastic Athletic Association . Prior to 1972 , the school was divided by gender with a girls ' teaching department and a boys ' teaching department . Under the guidance of Father Gerald Walsh , the two departments merged to become the co-ed school located at 5400 Broadway Avenue , West New York , New Jersey .
By 2009 , the student body numbered 222 . The school 's budget shortfall was $ 400,000 , and the parish was in debt for $ 1.5 million , incurred as a result of supporting the school . Because the school required at least 275 students to remain financially solvent , final permission to close the school was granted in a February 12 letter from Archbishop of Newark John J. Myers to the Rev . Monsignor Gregory K. Studerus , pastor of St. Joseph of the Palisades Church , who informed the school 's advisory board February 25 . At the time , it was the latest of many Catholic schools in the county to fall on such hard times . Students and former students expressed opposition to the closure , and a protest was held to express this .
The last graduation ceremony was held on June 5 , 2009 ; 64 seniors graduated , with six more expected to complete their coursework during that summer . Principal Bruce Segall applied to the state to start a new charter school to serve the remaining underclassmen , hoping to use the St. Joseph building , but his application was not approved . The sale of the building to the city of West New York as a means of expanding Memorial High School was one possibility mentioned .
Athletics
The St. Joseph of the Palisades High School Blue Jays competed in the Hudson County Interscholastic Athletic Association , which includes public and private high schools in Hudson County . The league , now defunct , operated under the supervision of the New Jersey State Interscholastic Athletic Association .
St. Joseph of the Palisades High School offered various athletic sports to its students including :
Boys athletics
Basketball
Baseball
Bowling
Football
Soccer
Swimming
Tennis
Girls athletics
Basketball
Bowling
Soccer
Softball
Swimming
Tennis
Volleyball
The boys basketball team won the Non-Public Group B state championship in 1947 ( against runner-up St. Mary 's High School of Perth Amboy in the playoff final ) , 1949 ( vs. Red Bank Catholic High School ) and 1971 ( vs. St. Rose High School ) . The 1947 team won the Parochial B title with a late push to defeat St. Mary 's by a score of 47-43 in the championship game .
The football team was awarded the Non-Public B North state sectional championship in 1974 , after the NJSIAA decided to exclude Pope John XXIII Regional High School ( with an 8-1 record and having outscored opponents 293-7 ) and Morris Catholic High School ( with a single loss on its schedule ) , which were thought to have schedules that were insufficiently challenging .
The girls bowling team won the overall state championship in 1979 .
Notable alumni
John O. Brennan ( born 1954 ) , former director of the Central Intelligence Agency .
Anthony DePalma ( born 1952 ) , author , journalist and educator who was a foreign correspondent and reporter for The New York Times .
Louis Freeh ( born 1950 ) , former Federal Bureau of Investigation director .
J. D. Maarleveld ( born 1961 ) , offensive tackle who played in the NFL for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers .
Ed Murawinski ( born 1951 , class of 1969 ) , cartoonist best known for his work for the New York Daily News .
References
External links
( archived )
St. Joseph of the Palisades High School , National Center for Education Statistics
1931 establishments in New Jersey
2009 disestablishments in New Jersey
Defunct Catholic secondary schools in New Jersey
Defunct schools in New Jersey
Educational institutions established in 1931
Educational institutions disestablished in 2009
Private high schools in Hudson County , New Jersey
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Newark
West New York , New Jersey
New Century Forum is a pro-Beijing middle-class oriented political group in the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People 's Republic of China . The group comprises professionals , businessmen and academics , and aims to represent the voice of the middle-class . It is currently led by convenor Ma Fung-kwok .
Platform
The basic platform of the group is to consolidate the power of the middle-class and to protect the long-term interest of Hong Kong . It aims to focus on studying various public policy issues and suggest proposals in a rational and professional manner , on the basis of the `` One country-two systems '' principle . On political development , it advocates development of a democratic political system in a step-by-step process . The party is relatively small and its platforms undeveloped .
History
The New Century Forum was formed by Ng Ching-fai , then member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong and dean of the Hong Kong Baptist University . Ng resigned from the President of the Baptist University in 2001 and quit the New Century Forum . Ma Fung-kwok , the incumbent convenor , was elected into LegCo by the election committee in 2001 , replacing the Ng Ching-fai . With the cancellation of the election committee seats in the 2004 elections , the group had no seat in the LegCo until convenor Ma Fung-kwok won a seat in the Sports , Performing Arts , Culture and Publication in 2012 LegCo election .
The group participated in the direct elections in the 2000 LegCo elections and the 2004 LegCo elections but did not win any seat . Members of the group also contested in the District Council elections but usually ran as independent candidates .
Election performances
Legislative Council elections
District Councils elections
See also
United Front Work Department
United Front ( China )
External links
Web site of the New Century Forum
1999 establishments in Hong Kong
Political organisations based in Hong Kong
Political organizations based in China
Non-profit organisations based in Hong Kong
Political and economic think tanks based in Hong Kong
Think tanks established in 1999
Conservative parties in Hong Kong
Gordon Bishop ( 1946 – July 21 , 2007 ) founded Joyo Indonesia News , an email-based wire of English-speaking Indonesian news .
Early life
Bishop was born in New York City in a middle class Jewish family . The family 's original last name was Dubjinsky . Bishop was a political activist in his early life , supporting underground movements against the U.S. war in Vietnam .
In the late 1960s Bishop began traveling around the world and ended up in Indonesia . In Yogyakarta he met his wife-to-be , Nanies Siti Ahadiah Suryodiprodjo , a Javanese lady with royal blood who was performing Javanese dance during Indonesia 's independence day . They married , had a daughter Naomi Melati Bishop , and the family ended up living in Central Java .
In 1993 , a traffic accident killed Bishop 's wife and left Bishop with medical problems that forced him to return to New York City for medical treatment . He was subsequently blacklisted by the Suharto led Indonesian government and unable to return to Indonesia .
Joyo Indonesia News
In the summer of 1996 , Bishop obtained a computer and began compiling news on Indonesia and distributed it to close friends , including Indonesians . At that time , the Indonesian press was still restricted , and the news distributed by Bishop helped bring outside perspective to Indonesian readers . As a consequence , the email distribution grew organically and became Joyo Indonesia News . Gordon adopted an alias of Joyo , derived from Joyoboyo , a Javanese poet . The newswire was part of Internet activism in Indonesia that contributed to civil activism and a student movement that ultimately toppled down Suharto in 1998 .
The Joyo email newsletter was distributed daily . By 2001 , Joyo Indonesia News distributed free of charge more than 80,000 news articles to subscribers . Bishop worked from his apartment in New York despite crippling medical conditions including blindness in one eye , difficulties walking , and cancer . Later , as Bishop 's health failed , others helped Bishop in the distribution of Joyo Indonesia News articles .
In 2005 , Bishop won the Suardi Tasrif Award , an award for the protection of freedom of opinion and civil rights , from the Independent Journalist Alliance ( AJI ) .
Bishop died July 21 , 2007 from complications due to cancer .
References
Naomi Melati Bishop , daughter , memoir
Gordon Bishop 's bench in Central Park
2007 deaths
1946 births
Charles Brand ( November 1 , 1871 – May 23 , 1966 ) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio .
Born in Urbana , Ohio , Brand attended the graded schools of his native city and Ohio Wesleyan University , Delaware , Ohio .
He engaged in agricultural pursuits , manufacturing , and banking at Urbana .
He served as member and president of the Urbana City Council 1911–1912 .
He served as member of the Ohio State Senate in 1921 and 1922 .
He served as a member of the advisory committee of the War Finance Corporation in 1921 .
Brand was elected as a Republican to the Sixty-eighth and to the four succeeding Congresses ( March 4 , 1923 – March 3 , 1933 ) .
He was not a candidate for renomination in 1932 .
He resumed former business pursuits until his retirement .
He died in Melbourne Beach , Florida , May 23 , 1966 .
He was interred in Melbourne Cemetery .
Sources
External links
1871 births
1966 deaths
Members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
People from Urbana , Ohio
Ohio Wesleyan University alumni
Ohio Republicans
Ohio state senators
American bankers
People from Melbourne Beach , Florida
Konieczka , Konieczko , Konieczek are Polish surnames derived from the nicknames Koniec , Konieczka , etc. , ultimately from the Polish word koniec . Their archaic feminine form Koniecczanka was also recorded . The word koniec itself has meanings similar to those of the word end end . This personal name was recorded in Poland since at least 1465 .
The surnames may refer to :
Alicja Konieczek , Polish runner
Aneta Konieczek , Polish steeplechaser
Piotr Konieczka ( 1901-1939 ) , Polish soldier
, American board game designer
, Polish actor , the namesake of the Hieronim Konieczka Polish Theatre in Bydgoszcz
Fictional characters
Konieczko , from Polish adult animated comedy series Włatcy móch ( `` The Lordz o ' Flys '' )
See also
References
Polish-language surnames
pl : Konieczko ( nazwisko )
Yuri Nikolaevich Arabov ( ) ( born 25 October 1954 ) is a Russian screenwriter , writer , poet and educator . He is known for his long-lasting collaboration with Alexander Sokurov . He is an Honored Artist of the Russian Federation ( 1999 ) .
Biography
Yuri Arabov was born in Moscow into a mixed Russian-Greek family . His parents met in Tula , Russia , the native town of his father , but divorced in five years after Yuri 's birth . He was raised by his mother , who belonged to the Greek diaspora of Crimea . In 1937 she moved to Moscow to study directing at VGIK under Sergei Eisenstein , and later worked at the Gorky Film Studio as an assistant director and a dubbing director .
As a child Yuri took part in film dubbing . After the school he considered becoming an Orthodox priest , but then decided to follow his mother 's steps and entered screenwriting courses at VGIK led by Nikolai Figurovsky which he finished in 1980 . During the studies he met Alexander Sokurov who became his close friend and a regular collaborator since then . By 2017 they have produced 12 feature films together . Their first movie — The Lonely Voice of Man — was finished in 1978 . Despite Andrei Tarkovsky 's approval , it was called « a propaganda of Russian idealism » and banned for nine years , released only in 1987 .
The same happened to their next film Mournful Unconcern : finished in 1983 , it was released only in 1987 . It was also nominated for the Golden Bear at the 37th Berlin International Film Festival . After that Sokurov and Arabov produced a lot of critically acclaimed movies , most famous of them being the so-called « tetralogy of power » which includes Moloch ( 1999 ) , Taurus ( 2001 ) , The Sun ( 2005 ) and Faust ( 2011 ) , a film that won the Golden Lion at the 68th Venice International Film Festival .
For his work on Moloch Yuri received the Best Screenplay Award at the 1999 Cannes Film Festival and the Best Script award at the 1999 Russian Guild of Film Critics Awards . His screenplay for Taurus was also distinguished by the Best Script award at the 2001 Russian Guild of Film Critics Awards and the 2002 Nika Award . He also received Nika Awards for both The Sun and Faust , as well as A Room and a Half — a semi-biographical film about Joseph Brodsky directed and co-written by Andrei Khrzhanovsky in 2009 .
Arabov created over 30 screenplays for both feature films and TV series . Besides Sokurov , he often works with Aleksandr Proshkin and his son Andrei Proshkin , both prominent Russian film directors . A member of the Union of Cinematographers of the Russian Federation . Since 1992 he has been also working as an educator at VGIK where he is currently serving as the head of the Screenwriting Faculty .
Author of several novels , including Big-Beat ( 2003 ) , Wonder ( 2009 ) , Orlean ( 2011 ) and A Butterfly Encounter ( 2014 ) , as well as a number of poetry books .
Filmography
Films
1978 — The Lonely Voice of Man
1983 — Mournful Unconcern
1988 — Days of Eclipse
1988 — Mister Designer
1989 — The Devoted
1989 — Save and Protect
1990 — The Second Circle
1990 — The Sphinx
1992 — Presence
1992 — Stone
1994 — Whispering Pages
1997 — Mother and Son
1999 — Moloch
2001 — Taurus
2002 — Modern Game
2002 — A Cat and a Half
2004 — Apocrypha : Music for Peter and Paul
2005 — The Sun
2006 — Horror which is always with you
2008 — Yuri 's Day
2009 — The Miracle
2009 — A Room and a Half
2011 — Faust
2012 — The Horde
2013 — Mirrors
2015 — Orlean
2015 — The Cage
2015 — The Guards
2016 — The Monk and the Demon
2020 — The Nose or the Conspiracy of Mavericks
Television
1990 — Nikolai Vavilov , 6 episodes
2005 — Doctor Zhivago , 11 episodes
2005 — The Case of `` Dead Souls '' , 8 episodes
2007 — Lenin 's Testament , 12 episodes
Bibliography
2003 — Big-Beat — Moscow : Andrew 's Flag , 400 pages .
2009 — Wonder — Moscow : AST , 224 pages .
2011 — Orlean — Moscow : AST , 224 pages .
2014 — A Butterfly Encounter — Moscow : AST , 352 pages .
References
External links
Yuri Arabov page at the British Film Institute
Main Role . Yuri Arabov talk show by Russia-K , 2014 ( in Russian )
Yuri Arabov : “ Andrei Proshkin took risks of this script ” at the Moscow International Film Festival ( 2015 )
1954 births
Living people
Academicians of the National Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences of Russia
Gerasimov Institute of Cinematography alumni
Gerasimov Institute of Cinematography faculty
Recipients of the Nika Award
Russian male novelists
Russian male poets
Russian people of Greek descent
20th-century Russian screenwriters
Male screenwriters
20th-century Russian male writers
State Prize of the Russian Federation laureates
Soviet screenwriters
Cannes Film Festival Award for Best Screenplay winners
Dallas James Koehlke ( born 1991 ) , better known by his stage name DallasK , is an American DJ , record producer , writer , artist , and singer based in Los Angeles . Active since 2010 , he co-wrote and produced Fifth Harmony 's 5× platinum single , `` Work From Home feat Ty Dolla Sign , '' as well as their singles `` Down '' and `` He Is like That ... '' off of their self titled album . In addition , Dallas co-wrote and co-produced Lauv 's singles `` Sad Forever , '' and `` Breathe '' off Lauv 's debut album . He has past cuts with Tiesto , Chromeo , Krewella , Kashmir , Terror Jr. Miquela , and KEY . He is also known for his collaborations with Hardwell and Tiësto : `` Area 51 '' and `` Show Me '' are ranked first and third in the Top 100 on downloading platform Beatport . He is signed to Amigo Records and has had past releases with Musical Freedom , Revealed Recordings and Ultra Music .
Discography
Charting singles
Singles
2011 : Hyphy [ Funkk Sound Recordings ]
2011 : Crush [ Burn The Fire ]
2011 : Front / Back [ Bazooka Records ]
2011 : Jupiter [ Bazooka Records ]
2012 : Run [ Bazooka Records ]
2013 : Vice [ Kindergarten Recordings ]
2013 : Heaven
2013 : Alienz [ Kindergarten Recordings ]
2014 : Blackmail ( with Henry Fong ) [ Ultra ]
2014 : Orion [ Ultra ]
2014 : Burn ( with KSHMR ) [ Revealed Recordings ]
2014 : Burn ( Let Your Mind Go ) ( with KSHMR featuring Luciana ) [ Spinnin ' Records ]
2015 : Superfuture
2015 : Area51 ( with Hardwell ) [ Revealed Recordings ]
2015 : Crash 2.0 ( Adventure Club vs Dallask ) [ BMG Rights Management US ]
2015 : Show Me ( with Tiësto ) [ Musical Freedom ]
2015 : Retrograde [ Revealed Recordings ]
2015 : Kaya [ Revealed Recordings ]
2016 : Work from Home ( Fifth Harmony featuring Ty Dolla $ ign ) ( as a songwriter and producer ) [ Epic and Syco Records ]
2016 : Powertrip [ Revealed Recordings ]
2016 : Your Love ( with Tiësto ) [ Musical Freedom ]
2017 : Down ( featuring Gucci Mane ) [ Epic and Syco Records ]
2018 : All My Life [ Amigo Records and If Only ]
2018 : Self Control [ Amigo Records and If Only ]
2018 : Recover [ Amigo Records and If Only ]
2018 : Looking for Your Love [ Amigo Records and If Only ]
2019 : Sometimes ( with Nicky Romero featuring XYLO ) [ Amigo Records and If Only ]
2019 : I Know [ Musical Freedom ]
2020 : I Know ( Club Mix ) [ Musical Freedom ]
2021 : Try Again ( featuring Lauv ) [ Ästralwerks/Proximity ]
2022 : Time ( with Dark Heart ) [ Musical Freedom ]
2022 : Loop ( with Martin Garrix featuring Sasha Alex Sloan ) [ Ästralwerks/STMPD RCRDS ]
Remixes
2011 : Meaux Green - Poppin ' Bubbly ( DallasK Remix ) [ Funkk Sound Recordings ]
2011 : Spencer & Hill - One Touch Away ( DallasK Remix ) [ Bazooka Records ]
2012 : Skrillex - Weekends ( DallasK Dubstep Remix ) [ Big Beat ]
2013 : T.I. , Pharrell , Robin Thicke - Blurred Lines ( DallasK Remix ) [ Star Trak , LLC ]
2013 : Ghost Beach - Miracle ( DallasK Remix ) [ Nettwerk ]
2013 : Botnek - Through the Night ( DallasK Remix ) [ Dim Mak Records ]
2014 : Henry Fong - Stand Up ( DallasK Remix ) [ OWSLA ]
2014 : A-Trak , Andrew Wyatt - Push ( DallasK Remix ) [ Fool 's Gold Records ]
2015 : Henry Fong - Stand Up ( Halftime ) ( DallasK Remix ) [ OWSLA ]
2015 : MGMT - Electric Feel ( DallasK Remix ) [ Columbia ( Sony ) ]
2015 : The Chainsmokers - Good Intentions ( DallasK Remix ) [ Disruptor Records - Sony Music Entertainment ]
2015 : Galantis - In My Head ( DallasK Remix ) [ Big Beat Records ]
2015 : Hardwell and DallasK - Area 51 ( DallasK Rework ) [ Revealed Recs ]
2016 : Tommy Trash - Luv U Giv ( DallasK Remix ) [ Fool 's Gold Records ]
2016 : Martin Garrix and Bebe Rexha - `` In The Name Of Love '' ( DallasK Remix ) [ STMPD RCRDS ]
2018 : Tritonal featuring Lourdiz - `` Love U Right '' ( DallasK Remix ) [ Enhanced Music ]
2018 : Justin Caruso featuring Jake Miller - `` Do n't Know You '' ( DallasK Remix ) [ Big Beat Records ]
2019 : ITZY - `` Dalla Dalla '' ( DallasK Remix ) [ JYP Entertainment ]
2019 : Ashley O - `` On a Roll '' ( DallasK Remix ) [ RCA Records / Null Corp II ]
References
1993 births
American dance musicians
American DJs
Record producers from California
Living people
Remixers
Revealed Recordings artists
Charles Drake Martin ( August 5 , 1829 – August 27 , 1911 ) was an American lawyer , jurist , and politician who served one term as a U.S. Representative for Ohio from 1859 to 1861 .
Biography
Born in Mount Vernon , Ohio , Martin attended the public schools and Kenyon College , Gambier , Ohio . He studied law . He was admitted to the bar in 1850 and commenced practice in Lancaster , Ohio .
Martin was elected as a Democrat to the Thirty-sixth Congress ( March 4 , 1859 – March 3 , 1861 ) . He was an unsuccessful candidate for re-election in 1860 to the Thirty-seventh Congress . He resumed the practice of law . He served as member of the Supreme Court Commission of Ohio 1883–1885 . He continued the practice of law in Lancaster , Ohio , until his death there August 27 , 1911 . He was interred in Forest Rose Cemetery .
Sources
External links
Charles Drake Martin entry at The Political Graveyard
1829 births
1911 deaths
Burials in Ohio
Kenyon College alumni
Ohio lawyers
People from Lancaster , Ohio
People from Mount Vernon , Ohio
Members of the Supreme Court Commission of Ohio
19th-century American politicians
19th-century American judges
19th-century American lawyers
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
William H. `` Billy '' Moore was a politician , businessman , and livestock dealer .
Biography
Moore was born on November 13 , 1886 in Gardner , Wisconsin . He graduated from Dollar Bay High School in Dollar Bay , Michigan in 1905 . Moore was elected to the Wisconsin State Assembly as an Independent in 1932 . He later became a Republican . Additionally , Moore was Chairman and Assessor of Nasewaupee , Wisconsin , was a member of the Nesewaupee School Board , and a member of the Door County , Wisconsin Board . Moore served as President of the Door County Mutual Insurane Company . Moore died on October 5 , 1961 .
References
People from Door County , Wisconsin
People from Houghton County , Michigan
Businesspeople from Wisconsin
Farmers from Wisconsin
School board members in Wisconsin
Mayors of places in Wisconsin
County supervisors in Wisconsin
Members of the Wisconsin State Assembly
Wisconsin Republicans
Wisconsin Independents
1886 births
1961 deaths
20th-century American politicians
20th-century American businesspeople
Andrew Denson ( November 16 , 1965 - February 13 , 2014 ) was a Major League Baseball first baseman . He played during two seasons at the major league level for the Atlanta Braves and Chicago White Sox . He was drafted by the Braves in the 1st round ( 19th pick ) of the 1984 amateur draft . Denson played his first professional season with their Rookie League Gulf Coast Braves in , and his last with the Baltimore Orioles ' Triple-A affiliate , the Rochester Red Wings , in .
Denson died on February 13 , 2014 at the age of 48 . Cause of death was not listed . Denson had a rare blood disease called amyloidosis , a condition in which abnormal protein deposits cause organs and tissues to deteriorate .
References
External links
Pelota Binaria ( Venezuelan Winter League )
1965 births
2014 deaths
Acereros de Monclova players
African-American baseball players
American expatriate baseball players in Canada
American expatriate baseball players in Mexico
Atlanta Braves players
Baseball players from Cincinnati
Cardenales de Lara players
American expatriate baseball players in Venezuela
Chicago White Sox players
Deaths from amyloidosis
Diablos Rojos del México players
Durham Bulls players
Greenville Braves players
Gulf Coast Braves players
Indianapolis Indians players
Major League Baseball first basemen
Nashville Sounds players
Richmond Braves players
Rochester Red Wings players
Sumter Braves players
Vancouver Canadians players
20th-century African-American sportspeople
21st-century African-American people
Man vs Monster is the debut album from Northern Ireland trio Fighting with Wire , which was released on 10 March 2008 . The band launched their album tour at the Nerve Centre in their home town , Derry on 1 December 2007 .
Rock Sound placed the album at No . 71 on their Top 75 Albums of 2008 list .
Critical reception
`` Everyone Needs a Nemesis '' was labelled as The Hottest Record in the World Today by BBC Radio 1 DJ , Zane Lowe on January 28 , 2008 . When announcing the band , to amusement of fans , Lowe actually called the Irish Alt-Rock trio Fighting with Wires . The DJ has stated that having `` listened and listened and listened '' , the album is `` pretty much flawless '' . The band also received largely positive reviews from Rock Sound ( 8/10 ) and Kerrang ! magazine .
Track listing
Single releases
`` Everyone Needs a Nemesis '' ( 2008 )
`` All For Nothing '' ( 2008 )
`` Sugar '' ( 2009 )
References
External links
Man vs Monster on Smalltown America
Fighting with Wire albums
2008 albums
Shaun Casey ( born January 7 , 1954 ) is a former model active from the mid-1970s through the mid-1980s . By 1987 she had given up modeling for all but a few favorite clients .
In the late 1970s , Casey was associated with hairstylist , John Sahag , who created a stir by cutting her hair extremely short and bleaching it white for a Helmut Newton cover of Vogue Paris .
Shaun Casey was the Estée Lauder girl from 1979 to 1984 . She was one of Calvin Klein 's first models . Klein custom designed her wedding dress to her first husband . Her first advertisement in 1979 called `` Grand Cafe Colors . '' Others were 1981 's `` The Great American Desert , '' 1982 's `` Perfectly Natural Liquid Makeup , '' 1982 's `` Country Manor Colors , '' 1983 's `` Greek Island Colors , '' and 1983 's Polished Performance Liquid Makeup . '' Shaun Casey graced six Harpers Bazaar covers , eight Glamour covers , one French Vogue cover , a few Italian Bazaar covers , one British Vogue cover , and is known as one of the first supermodels .
Casey also had a cameo in the 1977 Woody Allen romantic comedy Annie Hall .
Casey described modeling as `` a grind , it 's just like any other job '' and said of her pictures , `` Gosh , I wish I looked like that every day . ''
Shaun Casey was married to actor Roger Wilson from 1978 to 1983 .
References
External links
American female models
Living people
1954 births
Place of birth missing ( living people )
21st-century American women
The 1960 Tour de Suisse was the 24th edition of the Tour de Suisse cycle race and was held from 16 June to 22 June 1960 . The race started in Zürich and finished in Basel . The race was won by Alfred Rüegg of the Liberia team .
General classification
References
1960
Tour de Suisse
The neblina tapaculo ( Scytalopus altirostris ) is a species of bird in the family Rhinocryptidae . It is endemic to the Andes of northern Peru .
Taxonomy and systematics
The neblina tapaculo was originally described as Scytalopus magellanicus altirostris , a subspecies of Magellanic tapaculo . Following a study published in 1997 , it was elevated to species rank because of differences in their vocalizations .
Description
The neblina tapaculo is long and weighs . The adult male is gray above with a brown wash on the neck . The lower back and rump are brown with black bars . The underparts are a paler gray than the upper parts and the flanks and crissum ( the area around the cloaca ) are tawny with black bars . The adult female is similar but the upperparts are more brown than gray .
Distribution and habitat
The neblina tapaculo is found in the Eastern Cordillera of Peru 's northern Andes , roughly between southern Amazonas and central Huánuco Departments . It is resident on the eastern slope at elevations from . There it inhabits elfin forest and the edge between the forest and adjacent páramo grasslands . It is a very wet environment , and the species ' name `` neblina '' is Spanish for mist , a characteristic of the species ' habitat .
Behavior
Little is known about the neblina tapaculo 's diet and foraging phenology , though the species is assumed to be insectivorous . The only information about its breeding biology is that a juvenile was noted in July .
The neblina tapaculo 's song is described as `` a rapid series ... of descending , dry churring phrases : djrr djrr djrr djrr djrr djrr '' by D.F . Lane in Schulenberg et al ( 2010 ) . as in this example
Status
The IUCN has assessed the neblina tapaculo as being of The Least Concern .
References
neblina tapaculo
Birds of the Peruvian Andes
Endemic birds of Peru
neblina tapaculo
Taxa named by John T. Zimmer
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Blythe Intaglios or Blythe Geoglyphs are a group of gigantic figures incised on the ground near Blythe , California , in the Colorado Desert . The ground drawings or geoglyphs were created by humans for an , as yet , unknown reason .
The intaglios are located east of the Big Maria Mountains , about north of downtown Blythe , just west of U.S. Highway 95 near the Colorado River . The Blythe Intaglios are the most well-known of the over 200 intaglios in the Colorado Desert . The Colorado Desert contains the only known desert intaglios in North America . These intaglios are mostly located along the Colorado River .
The Blythe Intaglios contain three human figures , two four-legged animals , and a spiral ; although Harner ( 1953 ) reported two spirals . The largest human figure in the Blythe Intaglio group is long . The intaglios are best viewed from the air .
Geoglyphs are found throughout the world , the construction methods ranging from earthen mounds , piles of stone , or the removal of surface plants or soil . The most famous desert intaglios are the Nazca Lines in Peru . The Blythe Geoglyphs or intaglios ( anthropomorphic geoglyphs ) were created by scraping away layers of darker rocks or pebbles to reveal a stratum of lighter-valued soil . The displaced rocks outlined the figures and the exposed soil was stamped down which makes it more difficult for plants to grow in the lines . The intaglios are located on flat terraces in the Colorado River floodplain .
While these `` gravel pictographs '' are found through the deserts of southeastern California , human figures are found only near the Colorado River . Other intaglios depict mountain lions , birds , snakes and unidentified zoomorphic and geometric shapes . The figures are so immense that many of them were not observed by non-natives until the 1930s . The set of Blythe Intaglios and nearby geoglyphs include several dozen figures , thought to be ceremonial in nature .
No Colorado River Native American group has claimed to have made the intaglios , although some have claimed to use them . Many of the intaglios are believed to date from the prehistoric period , but their age and the identity of their creators are still uncertain . If the quadruped figures represent horses ( reintroduced in North America by the Spanish ) then a historical date would be supported . Jay von Werlhof and his collaborators obtained 13 AMS radiocarbon dates for the figures , ranging from 900 BCE to 1200 CE .
Rediscovery
In 1932 , George Palmer , a pilot flying between Las Vegas , Nevada and Blythe , California noticed the Blythe geoglyphs . His find led to a survey of the area in the same year by Arthur Woodward , Curator of History and Anthropology at the Natural History Museum of Los Angeles County . Malcolm J. Rogers subsequently studied and sketched the Blythe Intaglios in 1939 . After National Geographic published an article about the Blythe Intaglios in 1952 , people began to visit the site which led to some destruction of the intaglios .
The interest in the Blythe intaglios led to the search for and discovery of more desert intaglios . The Bureau of Land Management erected fences in 1974 to protect the intaglios and the Blythe Intaglios were placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982 .
Similar intaglios , named the Ripley Group , were found nearby in Arizona across the Colorado River from Ripley , California .
Topock Maze
The Topock Maze or Mojave Maze , another geoglyph site near Needles , California , covers and consists of a series of parallel windrows approximately apart . However , it is unclear whether the Topock Maze was created by Native Americans .
Edward Curtis reported in 1908 that , `` The Mohave Indians near by have utilized the area ... in recent years , as a maze into which to lure and escape evil spirits , for it is believed that by running in and out through one of these immense labyrinths , one haunted with a dread may bewilder the spirit occasioning it , and thus elude them . '' Similarly , an unpublished mid-20th century report cited second-hand ethnographic information that , prior to 1900 , the `` Mohave used to put some of their men in the center of the area of alignment and left them to find their way out of the maze without crossing the gravel alignments . By doing this they would leave the devil behind them . ''
However , Ruth Musser-Lopez reviewed historic and archaeological evidence concerning the `` maze '' and found strong support for the conjecture that the feature was originally created as a result of late nineteenth-century gravel harvesting for railroad construction and thus unrelated to the Blythe geoglyphs . For instance , old foot trails exist in undisturbed ground and stop at , but do not cross , the lines of gravel indicating that the gravel is more recent than the trails . The Mojave people have denied knowing the origin of the Topock Maze .
Figures
Patterns and circles at the site suggest that local groups may have danced there . Trails lead to the intaglios and rock alignments and rock cairns are often near the intaglios . Ethnographer Boma Johnson has tried to place the figures in context of Yuman oral history and cosmology . From this understanding , the figures portray mythic characters , and are often found where mythic events are thought to have occurred . One of the notable mythic figures is a humanoid figure located next to a second glyph , this of a quadruped resembling a mountain lion . Additionally , figures bearing a likeness to Mastamho and Kataar , the `` hero twins of the creation myth , '' can be seen near Fort Mojave in Arizona .
Some researchers hypothesize that the intaglios are stopping points on a keruk pilgrimage or simply the practice of the keruk ceremony at various places . The keruk was a mourning ceremony that was practiced by various Native Americans in southern California . The keruk included the re-enactment of the creator 's death and the recognition of the people who had died since the last keruk . Warfare has been offered a possible explanation as to the spread along the Colorado River of ceremonies such as the keruk and the similar style of desert intaglios .
Of the nearly sixty sites containing humanoid figures , almost all of them have a deeply entrenched torso , while the limbs are much more shallowly etched into the surface . Often , the head and/or one or more arms of the figure will not have been represented at all . The largest human figure is 171 feet ( 52 m ) long , while the smallest is 95 feet ( 29 m ) long .
Location
The majority of the Blythe geoglyphs are located north of Blythe , California , off Highway 95 , at the Interstate 10 exit and down several dirt roads for . An historical marker ( No . 101 ) placed by the California Department of Public Works , Division of Highways , commemorates the site . Chain link fences surround several of the figures .
In popular culture
The intaglios were featured prominently in the Hardy Boys novel Mystery of the Desert Giant , published in 1961 .
See also
Nazca lines
Hill figure
California Historical Landmarks in Riverside County , California
Notes
References
Altschul , Jeffrey H. , and Joseph A. Ezzo . 1995 Ceremony and Warfare along the Lower Colorado River during the Protohistoric Period . Proceedings of the Society for California Archaeology 8 : 133–45 .
Curtis , Edward S. Indians of North America , vol . 2 Norwood , Massachusetts : Plimpton Press .
Gilreath , Amy J . [ https : //books.google.com/books ? id=fFX066QfQv8C & pg=PA289 & dq=Blythe+geoglyphs & hl=en & ei=jYbrS5SHK4-0tgPjq4D3Dw & sa=X & oi=book_result & ct=result & resnum=2 & ved=0CC8Q6AEwAQ # v=onepage & q=Blythe % 20geoglyphs & f=false California Prehistory : Rock Art in the Golden State . In Colonization , Culture , and Complexity , edited by Terry L. Jones and Kathryn A. Klar , pp . 273–90 . ] Lanham , MD : Rowman Altamira , 2007. .
Harner , Michael J . 1953 21 . Gravel Pictographs of the Lower Colorado River Region .
Leska , Amy . 2008 A brief introduction to the intaglios of the Mojave Desert . Trough to trough : 125–26 .
Maillard , Federico . 2009 Geoglyphs on the Har Karkom Plateau ( Negev , Israel ) . Papers , XXIII Valcamonica Symposium 2009 : 208–14 .
Musser-Lopez , Ruth Arlene . 2001 `` Mystic Maze '' or `` Mystic Maize '' : The Amazing Archaeological Evidence . Proceedings of the Society for California Archaeology 25 .
Olsen , Brad . Sacred Places North America : 108 Destinations . CCC Publishing , 2008. .
von Werlhof , Jay , Harry Casey , Ronald I. Dorn , and Glenn A. Jones . AMS 14C Age Constraints on Geoglyphs in the Lower Colorado River Region , Arizona and California . Geoarchaeology : An International Journal 10:257–73 . 1995 .
Welfare , Simon and Fairley , John . Arthur C. Clarke 's Mysterious World '' . San Francisco : HarperCollins , 1985. .
External links
Blythe Intaglios , photo gallery , James Q. Jacobs
Recreation.gov
Bureau of Land Management-Arizona Office
Archaeological sites on the National Register of Historic Places in California
Blythe , California
California Historical Landmarks
Colorado Desert
Geoglyphs
Megalithic monuments
Indigenous culture of California
Land art
Landmarks of Riverside County , California
Lower Colorado River Valley
Mohave tribe
National Register of Historic Places in Riverside County , California
Native American history of California
Native Americans in Riverside County , California
Pre-statehood history of California
Rock art in North America
Quechan
Dichogama gudmanni is a moth in the family Crambidae . It is found in Puerto Rico .
References
Moths described in 1894
Dichogamini
2008 Rugby League World Cup Group B was one of the three groups of teams that competed in the 2008 Rugby League World Cup . Group B consisted of three teams : Fiji , Scotland and France . After all teams played had each other once , only Fiji advanced to 2008 Rugby League World Cup knockout stage .
France vs Scotland
Fiji vs France
Scotland vs Fiji
Final standings
In the 2008 Rugby League World Cup knockout stage Fiji played in the qualifying final while Scotland and France played for 7th and 9th place respectively .
References
Group B
The Chaplain of the United States Marine Corps ( CHMC ) is a position always filled by the officers serving as Deputy Chief of Chaplains of the United States Navy as a `` dual hatted '' billet since 2000 . The CHMC oversees religious ministry in the Marine Corps which one Commandant of the Marine Corps defined as `` a vital function which enhances the personal , family , and community readiness of our Marines , sailors , and their families . Chaplaincy supports the foundational principle of free exercise of religion and helps to enrich the spiritual , moral and ethical fabric of the military . ''
Assignment and responsibilities
The Chief of Chaplains of the United States Navy advises the Commandant of the Marine Corps , the Chief of Naval Operations , and the Commandant of the Coast Guard `` on all matters pertaining to religion within the Navy , United States Marine Corps , and United States Coast Guard '' —but the Deputy Chief of Chaplains serves as Chaplain of the Marine Corps , `` advising the CMC on religious ministry matters in reference to support , personnel , plans , programs , policies , and facilities within the USMC . '' Additionally , in the concurrent role of Navy Deputy Chief of Chaplains , the person holding this position is `` Deputy Director of Religious Ministries , '' serving as the `` principal assistant to the Chief of Chaplains . ''
Prior to 2000 , when Rear Admiral Louis Iasiello became the first chaplain of flag rank to serve as Chaplain of the Marine Corps , that position was held by a senior Navy chaplain holding the rank of Navy Captain .
Marine Corps chaplain support
Navy chaplains support personnel throughout the Department of the Navy , which includes the Navy and Marine Corps , and also support personnel in the United States Coast Guard .
Uniforms
See :
According to Chapter Six of the U.S. military uniform regulations , personnel assigned to the Marine Corps ( including chaplains ) have the option of wearing Marine Corps uniforms ( and chaplains assigned to the Coast Guard may wear Coast Guard uniforms ) .
Chaplains of the U.S. Marine Corps ( 1969-present )
PrayersSee : Marine Prayer ''
See also
Chief of Chaplains of the United States Navy
Chaplain of the Coast Guard
Chiefs of Chaplains of the United States
International Military Chiefs of Chaplains Conference
Military chaplain
United States Army Chaplain Corps
United States Air Force Chaplain Corps
Chaplain 's Medal for Heroism
References
External links
Oral History Program , Chaplain Corps , United States Navy -- Documents
United States military chaplaincy
Miss trans Star International ( formerly Miss trans Star Internacional ) is a beauty pageant for transgender women . It was first held in 2010 in Barcelona , in Catalonia , Spain . The winner receives a crown and prize money . The election was organized by Rincon Tranny in 2010 and LadyJulia in 2012 . In 2016 , the pageant was renamed to Miss Trans Star International .
Titleholders
By number of wins
Runners-up
See also
Miss International Queen
Miss Continental
Miss Tiffany 's Universe
Miss Trans Albania
Miss Trans Israel
Miss T World
The World 's Most Beautiful Transsexual Contest
References
External links
2010 establishments in Spain
Beauty pageants in Spain
Transgender beauty pageants
Recurring events established in 2010
LGBT beauty pageants
Petrovka ( ) is a rural locality ( a village ) in Staromatinsky Selsoviet , Bakalinsky District , Bashkortostan , Russia . The population was 16 as of 2010 .
Geography
It is located 26 km from Bakaly .
References
Rural localities in Bakalinsky District
Nigeria national cerebral palsy football team is the national cerebral palsy football team for Nigeria that represents the team in international competitions . The program for the national team was launched in 2012 , but as of 2016 the team has yet to play an international match . Several games were scheduled but issues came up and Nigeria was unable to travel for these games .
Development took place behind the scenes to support a national squad , including hosting a tournament at the National Stadium , Lagos in July 2016 . That year , Nigeria was also looking to possibly create a women 's national cerebral palsy team .
Background
Power Eagles Cerebral Palsy ( CPFAN ) manages the national team . The national team coach in 2015 and 2016 was Gbenga Dosumu . In 2015 , the team manager was Adegboyega Ganiyu .
The sport was first played in Nigeria in 2012 under the direction of the Nigeria Paralympics Committee ( NPC ) . Cerebral palsy football had a limited presence in Africa in 2015 , with the sport only being played in Nigeria , South Africa , Tunisia , Ghana and Sierra Leone . In April 2015 , a coaching workshop was held in the country to try to further develop the sport . .
By 2016 , the national team was inactive as leadership tried to set up international matches . They had no international matches in their history . The sport was still at the development stage on a national level . A three-day tournament was held in July 2016 at the National Stadium , Lagos with four teams participating . These teams included Team Balo ldi-Araba , Team Rev . Sam lkpea , Team Premier Lotto and Team Ajadi Lawa . The competition was won by Rev . Samuel Ikpea Football . This national championship was recognized by the International Federation of Cerebral Palsy Football . Nigeria was also looking to create a women 's national CP team in 2016 .
Efforts to try to compete internationally took place in 2016 . In January 2016 , the national team was trying to secure support to travel to a tournament in Portugal in March . Nigerian para-table tennis player Jude Uwazie led the CPFAN in 2016 , and was actively looking for players to recruit for the future national team squad . In mid-2016 , the national team tried to get the sport on the program for the 19th National Sports Festival ( NSF ) in Calabar , Cross River in order to try to raise awareness of cerebral palsy football in Nigeria .
Cerebral Palsy 7-Aside Football Association of Nigeria
Cerebral Palsy 7-Aside Football Association of Nigeria ( CPFAN ) is in charge of governance for the sport in Nigeria . CPFAN was founded in 2012 . They officially became members of the IFCPF in early 2015 . The organization 's National Advisor is Sam Ikpea . Jude Uwazie is the organization 's President and Chairman .
Rankings
In 2016 , the IFCPF as busy trying to develop a regional ranking process for Africa . The team was eligible for rankings once this system was fully developed .
Results
Nigeria has never participated in a Paralympic Games , World Championships or African Championship . In June 2015 , Nigeria and Ghana were supposed to participate in a tournament in Spain , but both had to withdraw from it . In 2015 , Ghana invited Nigeria to play a friendly in Ghana to celebrate the country 's independence . Nigeria had difficulty securing funds to honor the invitation .
References
National cerebral palsy football teams
Nigeria at the Paralympics
Nigeria national football team
Alice or Adeliza , Adelaide or Aelis ( c. 1002 – 1038 ) was a countess consort of Burgundy , the daughter of Richard II , Duke of Normandy ( 972–1026 ) and Judith of Brittany .
She married Reginald I , Count of Burgundy and had the following children :
William I , Count of Burgundy
Guy ( c. 1025–1069 ) ,
Hugh ( c. 1037 – c. 1086 ) , Viscount of Lons-le-Saunier , sire Montmorot , Navilly and Scey married to Aldeberge Scey . They had a son Montmorot Thibert , founder of the house Montmorot ( or Montmoret ) .
Falcon or Fouques of Burgundy ( in fate unknown ) .
Alberada of Buonalbergo ( or Alberada De Macon ) ( c. 1033 – c. 1122 ) was Robert Guiscard 's first wife .
Notes
References
Countesses of Burgundy
1000s births
1038 deaths
11th-century French people
11th-century French women
Year of birth uncertain
Hieromartyr Phocas was born in the city of Sinope in northern Turkey . During his adult years he became Bishop of Sinope . At the time of persecution against Christians under the emperor Trajan ( 98–117 ) , the governor demanded that the saint renounce Christ . After fierce torture they enclosed St Phocas in a hot bath , where he died a martyr 's death in the year 117 .
A homily in his honour was composed by Saint John Chrysostom on the occasion of the translation of his relics to Constantinople . The translation of his holy relics from Pontus to Constantinople about the year 404 A.D. is celebrated on July 23 . His primary feast is on September 22 , and he is called a wonderworker .
The Hieromartyr Phocas is especially venerated as a defender against fires , and also as a helper of the drowning .
References
People from Sinop , Turkey
117 deaths
Saints from Roman Anatolia
2nd-century Christian martyrs
2nd-century bishops in Roman Anatolia
Year of birth unknown
Miracle workers
La Trayectoria ( In English : The Trajectory ) is a double live CD and multimedia DVD released by the Mexican singer-songwriter Gloria Trevi in 2006 . The DVD includes scenes of the performances at the Palacio de los Deportes of Mexico City and The Arena Monterrey. ``
Apart from the live recordings , it also includes several songs that were previously unreleased ; one of them , `` To-dos Me Miran '' ( They All Look At Me ) , was the first single released from this compilation .
It was the first song to become an international success after her not so successful and talked about songs from her previous album Cómo Nace El Universo , which was released by the end of 2004 . It is an upbeat and uptempo dance-pop track that besides incorporates elements of disco music . Furthermore , the impact of `` To-dos Me Miran '' and its iconic and widely acclaimed music video resembled the success that she constantly had during the early 90s , before the abrupt hiatus she had because of the sex scandal that involved her and her ex-manager in a series of severe legal accusations for which she had to spend almost five years in prisons in Brazil and Mexico and was later declared absolved . Moreover , `` To-dos me miran '' became a club hit and it is considered an anthem by the LGBT community as well as confirming Trevi as a gay icon . Additionally , it was very successful in the singles charts of most countries in Latin America during 2006 and 2007 , reaching the top position in some of them . `` Sufran Con Lo Que Yo Gozo '' , `` El Secreto '' and `` Estrella de La Mañana '' were included in this album too . All of these tracks were previously unreleased and were also performed in a number of concerts in order to promote the album . A music video for the song `` Sufran Con Lo Que Yo Gozo '' , which was directed by Gloria Trevi herself , was later released as well . This album has sold over 500,000 copies worldwide as of 2018 . It is one of her best-selling albums to date and it also marked her comeback to the mainstream . Although this album 's singles received poor promotion on the radio back then , Gloria Trevi promoted this album in numerous TV programs throughout Latin America and the USA , which helped it receive massive attention . Likewise , Trevi performed in multiple concerts and parades in many countries during this period .
Track listing
Disc 1 ( CD )
`` Doctor Psiquiatra ''
`` La Pasabas Bien Conmigo ''
`` Zapatos Viejos ''
`` Qué Voy A Hacer Sin Él ''
`` Si Me Llevas Contigo ''
`` Me Siento Tan Sola ''
`` Hoy Me Iré De Casa ''
`` El Recuento De Los Daños ''
`` A La Madre ''
`` Nieve De Mamey ''
`` Borregos ''
`` En Medio De La Tempestad ''
`` Pelo Suelto ''
`` Papa Sin Catsup ''
`` To-dos Me Miran ''
`` Sufran Con Lo Que Yo Gozo ''
`` El Secreto ''
`` Estrella De La Mañana ''
`` El Ingrato ''
Disc 2 ( DVD )
`` Doctor Psiquiatra ''
`` La Pasabas Bien Conmigo ''
`` Zapatos Viejos ''
`` Qué Voy A Hacer Sin Él ''
`` Si Me Llevas Contigo ''
`` Me Siento Tan Sola ''
`` Hoy Me Iré De Casa ''
`` El Recuento De Los Daños ''
`` A La Madre ''
`` Nieve De Mamey ''
`` Borregos ''
`` En Medio De La Tempestad ''
`` Pelo Suelto ''
`` Papa Sin Catsup ''
Sales and certifications
References
Gloria Trevi live albums
Spanish-language live albums
2006 live albums
2006 video albums
We Are Never Alone ( ) is a 2016 Czech drama film directed by Petr Vaclav . It was selected to be screened in the Contemporary World Cinema section at the 2016 Toronto International Film Festival .
Cast
Klaudia Dudová
Zdeněk Godla
Miroslav Hanuš
Karel Roden
Lenka Vlasáková
References
External links
2016 films
2016 drama films
Czech drama films
2010s Czech-language films
Golden Kingfisher winners
Czech Film Critics ' Awards winners
The is a rapid transit system in Kobe , Hyōgo Prefecture , Japan . Like other large Japanese cities , Kobe 's subway system is heavily complemented by suburban rail . In addition , two people mover lines also serve the Kobe area : the Port Island Line and the Rokko Island Line .
History
Construction of the first line of the subway system , the Seishin Line , began on November 25 , 1971 . The line opened on March 13 , 1977 , running for between Myōdani and Shin-Nagata stations . A second line , the Yamate Line , opened on June 17 , 1983 , running for between Shin-Nagata and Ōkurayama stations . On June 18 , 1985 , the Yamate Line was extended to Shin-Kobe and the Seishin Line was extended to Gakuen-toshi . When the final stage of the Seishin Line , an extension to Seishin-Chuo , opened on March 18 , 1987 , the Seishin Line and the Yamate Line were merged into the Seishin-Yamate Line .
The Hokushin Kyūkō Electric Railway opened the Hokushin Line extension between Shin-Kobe and Tanigami on April 2 , 1988 ; services on the Hokushin Line have through service onto the Seishin-Yamate Line .
On January 17 , 1995 , the Seishin-Yamate Line was damaged in the Great Hanshin earthquake . The day after the earthquake , limited services resumed between Seishin-Chuo and Itayado ; full service was restored to the entire line in March 1995 after repairs were completed .
On July 7 , 2001 , the long Kaigan Line opened between Sannomiya-hanadokeimae and Shin-Nagata .
On June 1 , 2020 , Hokushin Line was transferred to Kobe Municipal Subway .
Lines
Network Map
See also
List of metro systems
Notes
References
External links
Kobe at UrbanRail.net
Kobe at Subways.net
real-distance map of the Kobe subway network
Kobe subway network
Kobe Municipal Subway Map
Transport in Kobe
Woodfield is a former railway station in Woodfield , Victoria , Australia . There is no longer a station building at the site of the station .
A Goods yard also once existed , and was used to load and unload grain trains .
References
External links
Victorian Railway Stations - Woodfield
Railway stations in Australia opened in 1891
Railway stations closed in 1978
Disused railway stations in Victoria ( Australia )
Mansfield railway line
The Mount Cameroon speirops or Cameroon speirops ( Zosterops melanocephalus ) is a species of bird in the disputed family Zosteropidae , which might be included in the Timaliidae . It is endemic to Cameroon .
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland . It is threatened by habitat loss caused by containerization .
References
BirdLife International 2004 . Speirops melanocephalus . 2006 IUCN Red List of Threatened Species . Downloaded on 27 July 2007 .
Birds described in 1862
Taxa named by George Robert Gray
Endemic birds of Cameroon
Zosterops
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
was a Japanese historian and mythologist specializing in the history of Korea and Japan .
In 1928 Mishina graduated from the Faculty of History of Literature at Kyoto University . Before World War II he was a professor at Kyoto University and the Imperial Japanese Navy . In 1945 he retired as a professor from the Imperial Navy and began teaching at Ōtani University , where he was appointed professor in 1946 . Later he was a professor at Dōshisha University between 1955 and 1960 , and after that , he was director of the Osaka City Museum and professor at Bukkyo University .
Mishina was a teacher of the historian Hideo Inoue , and since 1960 , he maintained in Kansai a Study Group composed of several researchers , about ancient Japanese history .
References
1902 births
1971 deaths
Kyoto University alumni
20th-century Japanese historians
Directors of museums in Japan
Kocher is a lunar impact crater located on the lunar far side near the southern pole . The crater is located Southeast of the Ashbrook and Drygalski craters . Kocher was adopted and named after Swiss physician Emil Kocher by the IAU in 2009 .
References
External links
LAC-144 area – Map of southern lunar pole
Impact craters on the Moon
Igor Valentinovich Grokhovskiy ( ; born 30 June 1973 ; died February 2005 ) was a Kazakhstani football player .
References
1973 births
2005 deaths
Soviet footballers
Kazakhstani footballers
FC Dynamo Moscow reserves players
Kazakhstani expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Russia
FC Lokomotiv Nizhny Novgorod players
Russian Premier League players
Kazakhstan Premier League players
FC Arsenal Tula players
Association football forwards
FC Malacky is a Slovak association football club located in Malacky . It currently plays in 3 . Liga ( Bratislava ) ( 3rd level ) .
Current squad
External links
Official website
Futbalnet profile
References
Football clubs in Slovakia
Association football clubs established in 2013
Rev . Carroll Cutler ( January 31 , 1829 - January 25 , 1894 ) was the fourth president of Western Reserve College , now Case Western Reserve University .
Cutler was born January 31 , 1829 , in Windham , New Hampshire . He attended high school at Phillips Academy in Andover , Massachusetts , from 1847 to 1850 . Cutler graduated from Yale College in 1854 . While at Yale , Cutler became a member of the elite secret society of Skull and Bones in 1854 . He graduated from Yale Divinity School in 1858 . On August 10 , 1858 , he married Frances Elizabeth Gallagher . That same year , he with his wife left for Germany to study philosophy for a year , interacting with such philosophers as August Tholuck , Hermann Hupfeld , and Hermann Ulrici .
Cutler came to Western Reserve College in 1860 as a professor of philosophy and rhetoric , teaching for 29 years until 1889 . After the resignation of President Henry L. Hitchcock , Cutler served as president of Western Reserve College from 1871–1886 .
In 1882 , Cutler moved Western Reserve College from Hudson , Ohio , to its current location in the University Circle neighborhood on the east side of Cleveland , under the new name , Adelbert College of Western Reserve University . Mandated in the gift by Amasa Stone , new trustees were appointed after the move , including John Hay , Rutherford B. Hayes , and James A. Garfield .
Cutler resigned from the presidency in 1886 under pressure and disagreement of ending coeducation . Revisiting his abolitionist beliefs , he spent his remaining years teaching at small all-black colleges in Charlotte , North Carolina , and Talladega , Alabama . He died in Talladega from pneumonia on January 25 , 1894 , and his body was returned to Hudson , Ohio , for burial .
References
External links
Case Western Reserve University bio
1829 births
1894 deaths
Case Western Reserve University faculty
Yale College alumni
Heads of universities and colleges in the United States
Yale Divinity School alumni
Presidents of Case Western Reserve University
People from Windham , New Hampshire
US Diamantinoise is a football club of Martinique , based in the southwestern town Le Diamant .
They play in Martinique 's first division , the Martinique Championnat National .
External links
Club info – French Football Federation
References
Diamantinoise
Shamsiyeh ( , also Romanized as Shamsīyeh ; also known as Shamīyeh ) is a village in Rivand Rural District , in the Central District of Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 153 , in 37 families .
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Carlos Manuel Arana Osorio ( July 17 , 1918 – December 6 , 2003 ) was President of Guatemala from 1970 to 1974 . His government enforced torture , disappearances and killings against political and military adversaries , as well as common criminals .
Arana was born in Barberena , in the department of Santa Rosa . A colonel in the Army , he oversaw counterinsurgency efforts in Zacapa and Izabal , where thousands were killed by the military from 1966 to 1968 . In July 1970 he became president following an electoral process generally considered `` non-transparent '' on a platform promising a crackdown on law-and-order issues and stability ; his vice president was Eduardo Cáceres .
In November 1970 , Arana imposed a `` State of Siege '' which was followed by heightened counterinsurgency measures . His government committed serious human rights violations and used state terrorism in its war against the guerrillas including government sponsored `` death squads '' . Security forces regularly detained , disappeared , tortured and extrajudicially executed political opponents , student leaders , suspected guerrilla sympathizers and trade unionists . Arana 's government received large-scale military support from the United States including weapons , technical support and military advisors . The Guatemalan Human Rights Commission estimated that 20,000 Guatemalans were killed or `` disappeared '' under the Arana administration .
Carlos Arana , a freemason , was the first of the string of Institutional Democratic Party military rulers who would dominate Guatemalan politics in the 1970s and 1980s ( his predecessor , Julio César Méndez , while dominated by the army , was a civilian ) .
He also served as the ambassador to Nicaragua .
Early life
Arana was born in Barberena , in the department of Santa Rosa on July 17 , 1918 . He is the nephew of the former head of the Guatemalan armed forces , Francisco Javier Arana , who was one of the three members of the revolutionary junta that ruled Guatemala from 20 October 1944 to 15 March 1945 during the early part of the Guatemalan Revolution . Carlos Arana Osorio joined the military , becoming an officer . He was also an anti-communist politician and freemason . In 1955 , he was appointed director of a Polytechnic School that was reopened by the government following the 1954 Guatemalan coup d'état .
Military career
In 1964 and 1965 , the Guatemalan Armed Forces began engaging in counterinsurgency actions against the MR-13 in eastern Guatemala . In February and March 1964 , the Guatemalan Air Force began a selective bombing campaign against MR-13 bases in Izabal , which was followed by counterinsurgency sweeps in the neighboring province of Zacapa under to code-name `` Operation Falcon '' in September and October 1965 . These operations were supplemented by increased U.S. military assistance . Beginning in 1965 , the U.S. government sent Green Berets and CIA advisers to instruct the Guatemalan military in counterinsurgency ( anti-guerrilla warfare ) . In addition , U.S. police and `` Public Safety '' advisers were dispatched to reorganize the urban security structures .
In a clandestine operation in March 1966 , a total of thirty Partido Guatemalteco del Trabajo ( PGT , Guatemalan Party of Labor ) associates were seized , detained , tortured , and executed by the security forces . When law students at the University of San Carlos used legal measures ( such as habeas corpus petitions ) to require the government to present the detainees at court , some of the students were `` disappeared '' in turn . These `` disappearances '' became notorious as one of the first major instances of mass forced disappearance in Latin American history . The use of this tactic was augmented dramatically after the inauguration of President Julio César Méndez Montenegro , who – in a bid to placate and secure the support of the military establishment – gave it carte blanche to engage in `` any means necessary '' to pacify the country .
With the explicit authorization of the Mendez administration and increased military aid from the United States , the army – accompanied by militarized police units – mounted a large pacification effort in the departments of Zacapa and Izabal in October 1966 . This campaign , dubbed `` Operation Guatemala , '' was put under the supervision of Colonel Carlos Arana Osorio , with guidance and training from 1,000 US Green Berets .
Under Colonel Arana 's jurisdiction and in the city , military strategists armed and fielded various paramilitary death squads to supplement regular army and police units in clandestine terror operations against the FAR 's ( Rebel Armed Forces , ) civilian support base . Personnel , weapons , funds and operational instructions were supplied to these organizations by the armed forces . The death squads operated with impunity – permitted by the government to kill any civilians deemed to be either insurgents or insurgent collaborators . The paramilitaries or `` commissioners '' who comprised the clandestine terrorist groups organized by the army were primarily right-wing fanatics with ties to the MLN , founded and led by Mario Sandoval Alarcón , a former participant in the 1954 coup . By 1967 , the Guatemalan army claimed to have 1,800 civilian paramilitaries under its direct control . One of the most notorious death squads operating during this period was the MANO , also known as the Mano Blanca ( `` White Hand '' ) ; initially formed by the MLN as a paramilitary front in 1966 to prevent President Méndez Montenegro from taking office , the MANO was quickly taken over by the military and incorporated into the state 's counter-terror apparatus . The members of the MANO were largely army officers , and the organization received funding from wealthy landowners . It also received information from military intelligence .
Observers estimate that government forces killed or `` disappeared '' as many as 15,000 civilians in three years of the Mendez presidency . Amnesty International cited estimates that 3,000 to 8,000 peasants were killed by the army and paramilitary organizations in Zacapa and Izabal under Colonel Arana between October 1966 and March 1968 . Other estimates put the death toll at 15,000 in Zacapa alone during the Mendez period . The victims included guerrilla sympathizers , peasants , labor union leaders , intellectuals , students , and other vaguely defined `` enemies of the government . '' Some observers referred to the policy of the Guatemalan government as `` White Terror '' -a term previously used to describe similar periods of anti-communist mass killing in countries such as Taiwan and Spain .
The growth of government-sponsored paramilitarism and the government 's use of `` any means necessary '' resulted in the opposition increasing its level of resistance to ensure its survival . The `` White Terror '' ( which led to the destruction of the FAR 's ladino peasant base in the eastern provinces ) caused the MR-13 to retreat to Guatemala City . There , the MR-13 began to engage in selective killings of members of the security forces as well as U.S. military advisors . The insurgents assassinated the American ambassador to Guatemala , John Gordon Mein , in 1968 , and the German ambassador to Guatemala , Karl Von Spreti , in 1970 .
Presidency ( 1970–1974 )
In July 1970 , with support from the Army , masonic colonel Carlos Arana Osorio assumed the presidency . He was the first of the string of Institutional Democratic Party military rulers who dominated Guatemalan politics in the 1970s and 1980s ( his predecessor , Julio César Méndez , while dominated by the army , was nominally a civilian ) . Arana had served as the ambassador to Nicaragua during the Somoza regime . In a speech , President Arana stated , `` If it is necessary to turn the country into a cemetery in order to pacify it , I will not hesitate to do so . '' Despite minimal armed insurgent activity at the time , Osorio imposed a `` State of Siege '' in November 1970 . During the `` State of Siege , '' the Osorio regime imposed a daily curfew from 9:00PM to 5:00AM , during which time all vehicle and pedestrian traffic—including ambulances , fire engines , nurses , and physicians—were forbidden throughout the national territory .
The `` State of Siege '' was accompanied by increased government repression in the form of abductions , tortures , forced disappearances and extrajudicial killings . A January 1971 secret bulletin of the U.S. Defense Intelligence Agency detailed how Guatemalan security forces `` quietly eliminated '' hundreds of suspected `` terrorists and bandits '' in the Guatemalan countryside . Though repression continued in the countryside , the `` White Terror '' of the Arana period was mostly urban and directed against the vestiges of the insurgency which existed primarily in the city . High government sources were cited at the time by foreign journalists as acknowledging 700 executions by security forces or paramilitary death squads in the first two months of the `` State of Siege '' . According to Amnesty International and domestic human rights organizations such as 'Committee of Relatives of Disappeared Persons ' , over 7,000 civilian opponents of the security forces were 'disappeared ' or found dead in 1970 and 1971 , followed by an additional 8,000 in 1972 and 1973 .
In October 1971 , over 12,000 students at the University of San Carlos of Guatemala went on a general strike to protest the killing of students by the security forces ; they called for an end to the `` state of siege . '' On 27 November 1971 , the Guatemalan military responded to the upheaval with an extensive raid on the main campus of the university seeking cached weapons . It mobilized 800 army personnel , as well as tanks , helicopters and armored cars , for the raid . They conducted a room-to-room search of the entire campus but found no evidence or supplies .
The `` State of Siege '' remained in effect until the end of 1972 , when the Osorio regime announced the military defeat of the insurgency . The end of the `` State of Siege '' coincided with the forced disappearance of much of the PGT 's central committee . In the period between January and September 1973 , the Guatemalan Human Rights Commission documented the deaths and forced disappearances of 1,314 individuals by government death squads . The repression led to the Guatemalan government being characterized by international human rights organizations as one of the world 's most repressive regimes . Amnesty International mentioned Guatemala as one of several countries under a human rights state of emergency , while citing `` the high incidence of disappearances of Guatemalan citizens '' as a major and continuing problem in its 1972–1973 annual report . The Guatemalan Human Rights Commission estimated 20,000 people killed or `` disappeared '' between 1970 and 1974 under the Arana government .
Under Arana , death squads were used not only as a counterinsurgency tactic , but as a tactic for fighting crime . In one incident on 13 October 1972 , ten people were knifed to death in the name of a death squad known as the `` Avenging Vulture . '' Guatemalan government sources told the U.S. Department of State that the `` Avenging Vulture '' and other similar death squads operating during the time period were a `` smoke screen '' for extra-legal tactics being employed by the National Police against non-political delinquents . Overall , as many as 42,000 Guatemalan civilians were killed or `` disappeared '' during the Mendez and Arana regimes .
This was also redacted by a Chairo
Later life
Following his presidency , he withdrew from political life and founded a political party , Central Auténtica Nacionalista ( CAN ) . The party participated in several elections but had little impact . He died in December 2003 .
References
Bibliography
External links
Obituary ( BBC News )
Presidents of Guatemala
Ambassadors of Guatemala to Nicaragua
Guatemalan military personnel
People of the Guatemalan Civil War
1918 births
2003 deaths
National Liberation Movement ( Guatemala ) politicians
Institutional Democratic Party politicians
People from Santa Rosa Department , Guatemala
20th-century Guatemalan people
Guatemalan anti-communists
Guatemalan Freemasons
Kashgar railway station ( 喀什站 ) is the main railway station of Kashgar , Xinjiang and the westernmost railway station in China . It is the western terminus for the Southern Xinjiang and Kashgar–Hotan Railways .
The station is located northeast of the city of Kashgar and is served by regular passenger trains to Ürümqi via Turpan . A trip on the faster kind ( K-series ) takes under 22 hours from Kashgar to Turpan or just over 24 hours to Ürümqi .
History
The station opened in 1999 .
References
External links
Railway stations in Xinjiang
Railway stations in China opened in 1999
Stations on the Kashgar–Hotan Railway
Stations on the Southern Xinjiang Railway
Tyddyn Dai is a hamlet in the community of Amlwch , Ynys Môn , Wales , which is 141.4 miles ( 227.6 km ) from Cardiff and 220.7 miles ( 355.1 km ) from London .
References
See also
List of localities in Wales by population
Villages in Anglesey
Derrick Sasraku ( born 12 April 1994 ) is a Ghanaian footballer who plays as a centre-forward for Saham Club in Oman .
References
External links
1994 births
Living people
Ghanaian footballers
Ghanaian expatriate footballers
Association football forwards
Aduana Stars F.C . players
Club Africain players
Medeama SC players
KF Tirana players
Ghana Premier League players
Kategoria Superiore players
Tunisian Ligue Professionnelle 1 players
Ghanaian expatriate sportspeople in Albania
Ghanaian expatriate sportspeople in Tunisia
Ghanaian expatriate sportspeople in Oman
Ghanaian expatriates in Albania
Ghanaian expatriates in Tunisia
Ghanaian expatriates in Oman
Hemolysins or haemolysins are lipids and proteins that cause lysis of red blood cells by disrupting the cell membrane . Although the lytic activity of some microbe-derived hemolysins on red blood cells may be of great importance for nutrient acquisition , many hemolysins produced by pathogens do not cause significant destruction of red blood cells during infection . However , hemolysins are often capable of lysing red blood cells in vitro .
While most hemolysins are protein compounds , some are lipid biosurfactants .
Properties
Many bacteria produce hemolysins that can be detected in the laboratory . It is now believed that many clinically relevant fungi also produce hemolysins . Hemolysins can be identified by their ability to lyse red blood cells in vitro .
Not only are the erythrocytes affected by hemolysins , but there are also some effects among other blood cells , such as leucocytes ( white blood cells ) . Escherichia coli hemolysin is potentially cytotoxic to monocytes , lymphocytes and macrophages , leading them to autolysis and death .
Visualization of hemolysis ( UK : haemolysis ) of red blood cells in agar plates facilitates the categorization of Streptococcus .
Mechanism
One way hemolysin lyses erythrocytes is by forming pores in phospholipid bilayers . Other hemolysins lyse erythrocytes by hydrolyzing the phospholipids in the bilayer .
Pore formation
Many hemolysins are pore-forming toxins ( PFT ) , which are able to cause the lysis of erythrocytes , leukocytes , and platelets by producing pores on the cytoplasmic membrane .
Hemolysin is normally secreted by the bacteria in a water-soluble way .
These monomers diffuse to the target cells and are attached to them by specific receivers . After this is done , they oligomerize , creating ring-shaped heptamer complexes .
Hemolysins can be secreted by many different kinds of bacteria such as Staphylococcus aureus , Escherichia coli or Vibrio parahemolyticus among other pathogens .
We can take a look at the bacterium Staphylococcus aureus as a specific example of pore-forming hemolysin production . Staphylococcus aureus is a pathogen that causes many infectious diseases such as pneumonia and sepsis . It produces a ring-shaped complex called a staphylococcal alpha-hemolysin pore . In nature , Staphylococcus aureus secretes alpha-hemolysin monomers that bind to the outer membrane of susceptible cells . Upon binding , the monomers oligomerize to form a water-filled transmembrane channel that facilitates uncontrolled permeation of water , ions , and small organic molecules . Rapid discharge of vital molecules such as ATP , dissipation of the membrane potential and ion gradients , and irreversible osmotic swelling leading to the cell wall rupture ( lysis ) can cause death of the host cell .
This pore consists of seven alpha-hemolysin subunits , which represent the major cytotoxic agent that is freed by this kind of bacterium . These subunits attach to the target cells in the manner described before , and extend the lipid bilayer , forming the pore structures . These pores in the cellular membrane will eventually end up causing cell death , since it allows the exchange of monovalent ions that would cause the DNA fragmentation .
Enzymatic
Some hemolysins damage the erythrocyte membrane by cleaving the phospholipids in the membrane .
Staphylococcus aureus hemolysins
α-hemolysin
Secreted by Staphylococcus aureus , this toxin binds with the outer membrane , with subsequent oligomerization of the toxin monomers to form water-filled channels . These are responsible for osmotic phenomena , cell depolarization and loss of vital molecules ( v.gr . ATP ) , leading to cell death .
β-hemolysin
β-hemolysin ( hlb ; ) is a Phospholipase C toxin secreted by S. aureus . Upon investigating sheep erythrocytes , its toxic mechanism was discovered to be the hydrolysis of a specific membrane lipid , sphingomyelin , which accounts for 50 % of the cell 's membrane . This degradation was followed by a noticeable rise of phosphoryl-choline due to the release of organic phosphorus from sphingomyelin and ultimately caused cell lysis .
γ-Hemolysin
γ-Hemolysins are pore-forming toxins in the same family as α-Hemolysin . They are unique in that they come in two components , and hence are referred to as bi-component toxins ( ) . Compared to beta-hemolysin , it has a higher affinity for phosphocholines with short saturated acyl chains , especially if they have a conical form , whereas cylindrical lipids ( e.g. , sphingomyelin ) hinder its activity . The lytic process , most commonly seen in leucocytes , is caused by pore formation induced by an oligomerized octamer that organizes in a ring structure . Once the prepore is formed , a more stable one ensues , named β-barrel . In this final part , the octamer binds with phosphatidylcholine .
Structure
The structure of several hemolysins has been solved by X-ray crystallography in the soluble and pore-forming conformations . For example , α-hemolysin of Staphylococcus aureus forms a homo-heptameric β-barrel in biological membranes . The Vibrio cholerae cytolysin also forms a heptameric pore , however Staphylococcus aureus γ-hemolysin forms a pore that is octameric .
The heptamer of α-hemolysin from Staphylococcus aureus has a mushroom-like shape and measures up to 100 Å in diameter and 100 Å in height . A membrane-spanning , solvent-accessible channel runs along the sevenfold axis and ranges from 14 Å to 46 Å in diameter . On the exterior of the 14-strand antiparallel β barrel there is a hydrophobic belt approximately 30 Å in width that provides a surface complementary to the nonpolar portion of the lipid bilayer . The interfaces are composed of both salt-links and hydrogen bonds , as well as hydrophobic interactions , and these contacts provide a molecular stability for the heptamer in SDS solutions even up to 65 °C .
Role during infection
Hemolysins are thought to be responsible for many events in host cells . For example , iron may be a limiting factor in the growth of various pathogenic bacteria . Since free iron may generate damaging free radicals , free iron is typically maintained at low concentrations within the body . Red blood cells are rich in iron-containing heme . Lysis of these cells releases heme into the surroundings , allowing the bacteria to take up the free iron . But hemolysin is related to bacteria not only in this way but also in some others .
As mentioned before , hemolysin is a potential virulence factor produced by microorganisms , which can put a human 's health at risk . Despite causing some severe pathologies , many cases of hemolysis do not suppose a health hazard . But the fact that hemolysins ( produced by pathogenic microorganisms during infections ) are combined with other virulence factors may threaten a human 's life to a greater extent .
The main consequence of hemolysis is hemolytic anemia , condition that involves the destruction of erythrocytes and their later removal from the bloodstream , earlier than expected in a normal situation . As the bone marrow can not make erythrocytes fast enough to meet the body 's needs , oxygen does not arrive to body tissues properly . As a consequence , some symptoms may appear , such as fatigue , pain , arrhythmias , an enlarged heart or even heart failure , among others .
Depending on the type of hemolysin and the microorganism that produces it , manifestation of symptoms and diseases may differ from one case to the other :
Alpha-hemolysin from uropathogenic E. coli produces extra-intestinal infections and can cause cystitis , pyelonephritis , and sepsis . Alpha-hemolysin from Staphylococcus aureus can cause severe diseases , such as pneumonia .
Aerolysin from Aeromonas sobria infects the intestinal tract , but it might also cause sepsis and meningitis .
Listeriolysin from Listeria monocytogenes ( a facultative intracellular bacterium that thrives within host cells , mainly macrophages and monocytes ) causes the degradation of phagosome membranes , but they are not a potential danger for the cell 's plasmatic membrane .
Both aerolysin and alpha-hemolysin are synthetized by extracellular bacteria , which infect specific tissue surfaces .
Hemolysins have proved to be a damaging factor for vital organs , through the activity of Staphylococcus aureus . S.aureus is a dangerous pathogen that may lead cells to necrotizing infections usually recognized by a massive inflammatory response leading to tissue damage or even tissue destruction . There is a clear example of this : the pneumonia produced by S.aureus . In this case , it has been proven that alpha-hemolysin takes part in inducing necrotic pulmonary injury by the use of the NLRP3 inflammasome , which is responsible for inflammatory processes and of pyroptosis . Pneumonia caused by S.aureus is a common disease in some areas , which is the reason for the many studies in the field of immunology aimed at developing new farmacs to cure easily or prevent this kind of pneumonia . At the moment , apiegnin and beta-cyclodextrin are thought to alleviate S.aureus pneumonia , whereas the antibodies of anti alpha-hemlysin are thought to give protection .
Further findings show that the main virulence factor of S. aureus , the pore-forming toxin α-hemolysin ( Hla ) , is the secreted factor responsible for the activation of an alternative autophagic pathway . It has been demonstrated that this autophagic response is inhibited by artificially elevating the intracellular levels of cAMP . This process is also mediated by the exchange factors RAPGEF3 and RAP2B .
Another interesting point is that pretreatment of leukocytes with doses of alpha-hemolysin at which nearly 80 % of the cells survived decreased the ability of the cells to phagocytize bacteria and particles and to undergo chemotaxis . Premature activation of leukocytes and inhibition of phagocytosis and chemotaxis by alpha-hemolysin , if they occur in vivo , would greatly enhance the survival of an E. coli attack .
Some hemolysins , such as listeriolysin O , allow bacteria to evade the immune system by escaping from phagosomes . Hemolysins may also mediate bacterial escape from host cells .
Regulation of gene expression
The regulation of gene expression of hemolysins ( such as streptolysin S ) is a system repressed in the presence of iron . This ensures that hemolysin is produced only when needed . The regulation of the production of hemolysin in S.aureus ( expression of hemolysin ) is now possible due to in-vitro mutations that are related to serine/threonine kinase and phosphatase .
Treatment
As hemolysins are produced by pathogenic organisms , the main treatment is the intake of antibiotics specific to the pathogen that have caused the infection . Moreover , some hemolysins may be neutralized by the action of anti-hemolysin antibodies , preventing a longer and more dangerous effect of hemolysis within the body .
When blood cells are being destroyed too fast , extra folic acid and iron supplements may be given or , in case of emergencies , a blood transfusion . In rare cases , the spleen must be removed because it filters blood and removes dead or damaged cells from the bloodstream , worsening the lack of erythrocytes .
Applications
Medicine
Thermostable Direct Hemolysin ( TDH ; ) produced by Vibrio parahaemolyticus is now being studied in the field of oncology . It regulates cell proliferation in colon carcinoma cells . TDH induces Ca2+ influx from an extracellular environment accompanied by protein kinase C phosphorylation . Activated protein kinase C inhibits the tyrosine kinase activity of epidermal growth factor receptor ( EGFR ) , the rational target of anti-colorectal cancer therapy .
See also
Hemolysis ( microbiology )
Pore-forming toxins
Staphylococcus aureus
References
External links
Bacterial toxins
Transmembrane proteins
Protein domains
The Pilgrim Baptist Church located at 732 Central Avenue West in Saint Paul in the U.S. state of Minnesota is the building that houses the first Black Baptist congregation in Saint Paul . The congregation was founded on November 15 , 1866 , by Reverend Robert Hickman and a group of escaped slaves from Boone County , Missouri . They were smuggled up the Mississippi River on the steamer War Eagle with the help of Union Soldiers and the Underground Railroad . The current building , which is listed on the National Register of Historic Places , was built in 1928 .
References
External links
African-American history in Minneapolis–Saint Paul
Baptist churches in Minnesota
Churches completed in 1928
Churches in Saint Paul , Minnesota
Churches on the Underground Railroad
National Register of Historic Places in Saint Paul , Minnesota
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Minnesota
Romanesque Revival church buildings in Minnesota
The 1908 Virginia Orange and Blue football team represented the University of Virginia as an independent during the 1908 college football season . Led by Merritt Cooke Jr. in his first and only season as head coach , the Orange and Blue compiled a record of 7–0–1 and were one of two teams given the mythical title of Southern champion .
Schedule
References
Virginia
Virginia Cavaliers football seasons
College football undefeated seasons
Virginia Orange and Blue football
The men 's 50m butterfly events at the 2022 World Para Swimming Championships were held at the Penteada Olympic Swimming Complex in Madeira between 12–18 June .
Medalists
Results
S5
Final
Eight swimmers from seven nations took part .
S6
S7
References
2022 World Para Swimming Championships
Kineosphaera is a Gram-positive , strictly aerobic non-spore-forming and motile genus of bacteria from the family of Dermatophilaceae .
Kineosphaera limosa has been isolated from activated sludge from Ibaraki Prefecture in Japan .
References
Micrococcales
Bacteria genera
Monotypic bacteria genera
The Little Minam River is a tributary of the Minam River in Union County in the U.S. state of Oregon . It begins at the base of Cartwheel Ridge in the Wallowa Mountains and flows generally north through the Wallowa–Whitman National Forest to meet the main stem river at the north end of Backbone Ridge .
Recreation
The Moss Springs Campground , managed by the United States Forest Service , is about east of Cove and slightly west of a trailhead providing access for hikers and horse riders to the Minam and Little Minam . Open from August through December , it has sites for tent and trailer camping and horse camping . Amenities include toilets and picnic tables but no drinking water .
The Moss Springs Trailhead , near the campground , provides access to a network of trails through the forest around the Minam and Little Minam . The trailhead , from Union and from La Grande , is generally open by June each year . Amenities include parking and a toilet but no drinking water .
Tributaries
The named tributaries of the Little Minam River from source to mouth are Dobbin , Fireline , and Horseshoe creeks , which enter from the left ; Grizzly Creek , right ; Threemile and Huckleberry creeks , left ; Boulder Creek , right ; Big Canyon , left ; and Grouse and Black creeks , left .
See also
List of rivers of Oregon
References
External links
Grande Ronde Model Watershed
Rivers of Oregon
Rivers of Union County , Oregon
William or Bill Bridges may refer to :
William Bridges ( author ) ( 1933–2013 ) , American writer and organizational consultant
William Bridges ( general ) ( 1861–1915 ) , commander of the Australian Army 's First Australian Imperial Force in 1914–1915
William Bridges ( politician ) ( died 1714 ) , Member of Parliament for Liskeard and member of the Board of Ordnance
William B. Bridges ( born 1934 ) , American professor of engineering
William Bridges ( preacher ) ( 1802–1874 ) , Methodist preacher , hat block maker and founder of the Plumstead Peculiar People
William Thomas Bridges ( 1821–1894 ) , barrister in British Hong Kong
Bill Bridges ( American football ) , American football player
Bill Bridges ( basketball ) ( 1939–2015 ) , American basketball player
Bill Bridges ( game designer ) ( born 1965 ) , American RPG developer and author
See also
William Brydges ( disambiguation )
The Act is an interactive movie arcade video game originally produced by American studio Cecropia in the United States in 2007 . The game is an interactive cartoon featuring the hand-drawn art of a number of former Disney animators . It was tested marketed in selected locations throughout North America in 2006 , and it received generally favorable press coverage . The game was cancelled in late 2007 , and Cecropia shut its doors in early 2008 . The game was later ported to iOS and OSX by React Entertainment and published by Chillingo in June 2012 .
Plot
The Act tells the story of Edgar , who works as a window washer at a large hospital . He sees Sylvia , a nurse , through a window and quickly falls in love , but is forced to get back to work when his boss comes out to check up on him . His lazy brother , Wally , climbs through a window into a patient 's room and falls asleep in his bed , and is mistakenly taken to an operating room for a brain transplant . In an effort to save his brother , Edgar sneaks into the hospital disguised as a doctor , runs into Sylvia and tries to impress her while taking care of a number of patients .
He eventually runs into his boss , who accidentally chokes on his cigar in surprise , forcing Edgar to save his life by using the Heimlich maneuver . Edgar is forced to reveal his true identity as a simple window washer to Sylvia and is dragged away by a security guard . Seeing his brother about to be operated upon , Edgar breaks into the operating room and quickly takes Wally back to the patient 's room , where the correct patient is now waiting for his operation . Edgar and Wally then return to work , but Edgar comes back into the room when he sees Sylvia crying . When he successfully consoles her with a flower , she gives the flower back to him in a sign of acceptance .
Gameplay
The objective of The Act is to guide Edgar through a series of interactive scenes , each of which has a specific goal . The scenes vary in length , style and goal , but the player controls Edgar in each scene by way of a single control knob ( or by swiping the touch screen in the iOS versions ) . In some scenes , the knob controls Edgar 's level of boldness as he attempts to flirt with Sylvia or tries to fit in with a crowd , while other scenes control him more directly as he attempts to perform the Heimlich maneuver on his boss or run down a series of narrow hallways while dodging obstacles . In order to succeed , the player must observe the situation and carefully manipulate the knob in order to successfully pull off an act . For example , if Edgar acts too boldly or too shy at the wrong times during the flirting scene , Sylvia will walk off . If the player fails the scene 's objective , the scene ends , then quickly rewinds back to the beginning to be played again . The player is given three attempts per credit . The game ends when the player either runs out of attempts or successfully completes the last scene .
Development
The Act was originally developed for the coin-op arcade market and was test-marketed in a series of locations in the New England region . Omar Khudari , founder of development company Cecropia , had also discussed the possibility of publishing the game for download to home computers and game consoles . While the game received generally positive press reviews , publisher interest in the game failed to materialize , and the project was cancelled in early 2007 . Cecropia later closed its doors in 2008 .
Prior to closing , Cecropia auctioned off 10 kits of the game on eBay . The kits used were Intel-powered PCs that featured a custom made JAMMA-to-PC I/O board . Other kits that were produced ( 40 in total ) were given to members of Cecropia 's staff . Also two dedicated cabinets were sold to the public , these cabinets having been used to location test the game . Most kits ended up in the hands of private collectors while at least one ended up in an arcade in Utah .
In August 2011 , the game 's official website was updated with mentions of `` Cecropia '' changed to `` React Entertainment '' and the `` About The Act '' page described it as a game for PC and mobile devices rather than as an arcade game . In March 2012 , React Entertainment announced that the game would be published by Chillingo , and shortly would be released for iPhone , iPad , and Mac , and it was finally released on June 21 , 2012 . It has since been delisted .
Reception
GamesRadar listed the game first in their `` Top 7 Most Beautifully Animated 2D Games '' feature .
See also
TheActGame.com ( primary website )
React-Entertainment.com ( developer website )
References
Arcade video games
Interactive movie video games
IOS games
2007 video games
Video games developed in the United States
The Book of the Damned was the first published nonfiction work by American author Charles Fort ( first edition 1919 ) . Concerning various types of anomalous phenomena including UFOs , strange falls of both organic and inorganic materials from the sky , odd weather patterns , the possible existence of creatures generally believed to be mythological , disappearances of people , and many other phenomena , the book is considered to be the first of the specific topic of anomalistics .
Overview and Fort 's thesis
The title of the book referred to what he termed the `` damned '' data – data that had been damned , or excluded , by modern science because of their not conforming to accepted belief . Fort charged that mainstream scientists are conformists who believe in what is accepted and popular , and never really search for truth that may be contrary to what they believe . He also compared the close-mindedness of many scientists to that of religious fundamentalists , implying that the supposed `` battle '' between science and religion is just a distraction for the fact that , science , in his opinion is in essence simply a de facto religion . This is a theme that Fort developed more in his later works , New Lands and Lo ! , particularly .
Fort was one of the first major writers to deal extensively with paranormal phenomena .
Content
The first few chapters of the book deal largely with explaining Fort 's thesis . As a particular instance , he cites the strange glowing in the sky worldwide , which supposedly resulted from the 1883 eruption of the volcano Krakatoa . Fort claims that such a phenomenon had in fact preceded the eruption by several months , and suggests that scientists , who had been puzzled by the phenomenon initially , used Krakatoa as a convenient explanation for something that they could not explain previously .
Fort has a particular interest in strange `` falls '' , and discusses purported falls of fish , frogs , and various unidentifiable materials . He also has chapters discussing the findings of `` thunderstones '' , which supposedly fell from the sky during lightning storms ; a discussion of evidence for the existence of giants ( huge oversized axes too big for any person to use ) and fairies ( so-called `` fairy crosses '' and `` coffins '' ) ; a brief chapter on poltergeist phenomena ; the disappearances of many people ( including the supposed disappearance of several hundred people in a shelter during the 1755 Lisbon earthquake ; he also briefly mentions the famous case of the Mary Celeste ( which he would discuss in much more detail in his later Lo ! ) ; a rather long section concerning a number of purported UFO sightings ( this book was written well before 1947 , Kenneth Arnold , and the start of modern UFO allegations ) ; and ends with a mention of the famous `` Devil 's Footprints '' mystery in England during 1855 , also citing a number of similar cases . The book also discusses triangle UFOs and sightings of them in various parts of the world from the early 1880s .
Fort 's theory and criticism
Fort 's explanation for the above `` falls '' and UFO sightings is that of the Super-Sargasso Sea – i.e. , kind of stationary `` sea '' where all things on Earth that are lost are mysteriously found , and occasionally rain back down on Earth ( he developed this idea in much more detail in his later books ) . Though Fort himself apparently does not really believe this explanation , he ( at least in this book ) does not purport to explain the phenomena as a whole , simply stating the facts as they are , and letting readers make their own conclusions .
His lack of explanation for the phenomena he presents has led some skeptics and critics , particularly Martin Gardner , to criticize Fort as simply a destructive critic ( or `` crank '' ) presenting negative claims without positive accounts .
Availability
The Book of the Damned is available in paperback from Tarcher , Prometheus Books , and because it has become public domain , can also be found in Dover Publications 's The Complete Works of Charles Fort , which contains all of his books on this subject , and several websites . The book has also been made available in audio format at Librivox .
References
External links
First edition at Internet Archive
Project Gutenberg page with various free downloadable formats
Edited and annotated version
First volume of the book on sacred-texts.com
1919 non-fiction books
Books by Charles Fort
UFO-related literature
The South African Railways Class 3B 4-8-2 of 1912 was a steam locomotive .
In 1912 , the South African Railways took delivery of ten Class 3B steam locomotives with a 4-8-2 Mountain type wheel arrangement which had been ordered by the Natal Government Railways the year before .
Manufacturer
With the experience gained from the sole experimental Class B American D locomotive , Natal Government Railways ( NGR ) Locomotive Superintendent D.A . Hendrie redesigned his Class Hendrie D and placed orders for ten locomotives with the North British Locomotive Company on 29 March 1911 . These locomotives , which would have become the NGR 's Class Superheated Hendrie D , were built in two batches of five and were all delivered in 1912 after the renumbering and reclassification of the locomotives of the constituent former Colonial railways into the South African Railways ( SAR ) . Upon delivery , they were therefore taken directly onto the SAR roster , numbered in the range from 1479 to 1488 and designated Class 3B . The first of these engines entered service in February 1912 .
Characteristics
Like the NGR Class Hendrie D which it was based on and which was later designated the SAR Class 3 , the Class 3B had plate frames , Walschaerts valve gear and Belpaire fireboxes . They were the first of Hendrie 's designs to have superheaters and , as a result , piston valves instead of slide valves . They also sported a new design of leading bogie with cast-steel framing and three-point suspension links .
To accommodate the redesigned cylinders and the necessary alteration to the Walschaerts valve gear , the running boards had to be raised to clear the steam chests and motion . This resulted in the gentle sweeps at either end where the running boards dropped down to the buffer beam and below the cab . These curves became a Hendrie hallmark and enhanced the appear­ance of the locomotive . In other respects , however , they were practically identical to the Class 3 .
The locomotives were delivered with Type TM tenders with an coal capacity and a water capacity . When the coupled wheels were retyred , their diameter on tread was increased from . This reduced their tractive effort to at 75 % of boiler pressure , which was set at . The engines , as built , had flangeless wheels on the leading coupled axle , but these were subsequently also flanged as shown in official SAR dimensional locomotive drawings .
The superheated Class 3B 4-8-2 Mountain type became the forerunner of the most numerous basic type of steam locomotive to be used in South Africa .
Watson Standard boilers
In the 1930s , many serving locomotives were reboilered with a standard boiler type designed by then Chief Mechanical Engineer ( CME ) A.G. Watson as part of his standardisation policy . Such Watson Standard reboilered locomotives were reclassified by adding an `` R '' suffix to their classification .
When all ten Class 3B locomotives were eventually reboilered with Watson Standard no . 2 boilers , they were therefore reclassified to . Reboilering raised their boiler pitch by , while the boiler pressure was set at . Their original Belpaire boilers were fitted with Ramsbottom safety valves , while the Watson Standard boiler was fitted with Pop safety valves . Probably at the same time , their Type TM tenders were rebuilt to the more attractive smooth-sided Type TL tenders . The most obvious visual difference between an original and a Watson Standard reboilered locomotive is usually a rectangular regulator cover just to the rear of the chimney on the reboilered locomotive . In the case of the Class 3BR locomotive , an even more obvious visual distinction is the absence of the Belpaire firebox hump between the cab and the boiler .
Service
South African Railways
The Class 3B was placed in service on the upper section of the Natal mainline . They were later also used in the Eastern Transvaal and the Eastern Cape . Towards the end of their service lives , they ended up in Cape Town , where they were used as shunting engines until the last ones were withdrawn from SAR service by 1976 .
Industrial
Most of them ended up in service on South Africa 's coal and gold mines . Only one of them had been withdrawn by April 1973 . At the time when the other nine began to be withdrawn from railway service , the world oil crisis of the mid-1970s had erupted and all nine were virtually snapped up by industrial users responding to the South African Government 's call to save oil by using alternative sources of energy . Ironically , at the same time , the State-owned SAR was replacing steam with diesel-electric locomotives .
The ten individual locomotives were disposed of as follows :
No . 1479 was scrapped by 1973 and not sold .
No . 1480 went to Vaal Reefs at Orkney as no . 4 .
No . 1481 went to Landau Colliery at Witbank as no . 3 and was eventually staged at Landau for the South African National Railway And Steam Museum ( SANRASM ) .
No . 1482 went to Western Holdings as no . 7 and later to Freegold North as no . 8 .
No . 1483 went to Blesbok Colliery as no . 3 , later to Springbok Colliery and was eventually staged at ESKOM 's Komati Power Station for SANRASM .
No . 1484 went to Springbok Colliery as Hope , then to Southern Cross Steel , then to Umgala Colliery as no . 8 and was eventually staged by SANRASM at Krugersdorp .
No . 1485 went to Free State Saaiplaas Gold Mine as no . 1 and was eventually staged at Odendaalsrus .
No . 1486 went to Western Holdings as no . 5 , later to Umgala Colliery , and was eventually acquired by Umgeni Steam Railway at Pinetown and restored as their engine Maureen .
No . 1487 went to Free State Geduld as no . 5 , later to Freegold North as no . 9 and was eventually staged at Odendaalsrus .
No . 1488 went to Vaal Reefs at Orkney as no . 5 .
Preservation
Two 3B class survive .
Illustration
The main picture shows Umgeni Steam Railway 's Class 3BR no . 1486 Maureen at Kloof station on 6 June 2010 , while the following show the Class in its original as-delivered SAR livery and in two of the mining liveries which were applied to it while in industrial service .
References
1250
1250
1250
4-8-2 locomotives
2D1 locomotives
NBL locomotives
Cape gauge railway locomotives
Railway locomotives introduced in 1912
1912 in South Africa
Elections were held in Lennox and Addington County , Ontario on October 27 , 2014 in conjunction with municipal elections across the province .
Lennox and Addington County Council
The County Council consists of the three municipal reeves , mayor of Greater Napanee and the three deputy reeves and the Deputy Reeve of Greater Napanee .
Addington Highlands
Greater Napanee
Loyalist
Stone Mills
References
Lennox
Lennox and Addington County
The following are the national records in track cycling in Australia maintained by Australia 's national cycling federation : Cycling Australia .
Men
Key to tables :
Women
References
General
Australian Cycling Records – Men 27 August 2022 updated
Australian Cycling Records – Women 27 August 2022 updated
Specific
External links
Cycling Australia web site
Australia
Track cycling
Records
track cycling
Billing is a civil parish in eastern Northampton in England , covering the Great Billing , Little Billing , Ecton Brook and Bellinge areas . It is geographically the largest area of Northampton . According to the 2001 census the parish had a population of 8,642 , decreasing at the 2011 census to 8,457 . Billing consists of four estates , with each estate constituting a ward of the parish . Great Billing and Little Billing were developed around the existing villages ; Bellinge ( or Middle Ward ) and Ecton Brook were created as new communities .
Billing is accessible by the A45 westward to Northampton which runs along the south side of Billing and is accessed through the Lumbertubs Way Interchange .
Billing Aquadrome , a large leisure centre including lakes , a fair and also a caravan site which is home to over 2,000 people . Billing Aquadrome has recently taken over Northampton Balloon Festival which had previously for a number of years been situated at Racecourse Park in the Town Centre .
There is a contrast of housing within the Billing ward with large houses dotted around Great Billing and Little Billing keeping the traditional 'village feel ' as when both were villages . On the other side there is Bellinge and Ecton Brook ; estates built in the 1970s and 80s as new towns to house the overspill of London and other areas which are council estates . Bellinge in particular had suffered from serious problems in the 1990s and became one of the most crime ridden estates in England suffering from drug dealing and vandalism until the local council demolished a series of flats which stood on what is now Billingmead Square . The estate is now much improved and does not suffer the serious problems it had once encountered .
See also
Daniel Cawdry , seventeenth-century clergyman of the Billing parish church
Billing Aquadrome
Ecton
Billing Hall
Our Lady of Perpetual Succour Church , Great Billing
References
External links
Billing Parish Council
Memories of Billing
Villages in Northamptonshire
Areas of Northampton
Civil parishes in Northamptonshire
The following lists events that happened during 1906 in Afghanistan .
There are no internal disturbances and no disputes with foreign neighbours during the year . Even the usual rumours of differences and intrigues within the royal family have ceased . All its members are apparently on excellent terms .
Incumbents
Monarch – Habibullah Khan
Summer 1906
The amir makes a three months ' tour of inspection through Jalalabad and the adjoining districts , and during his absence Sardar Nasrullah Khan acts as governor of Kabul with considerable success .
September 15 , 1906
The relations between the amir and the government of India having continued to be most friendly , the amir holds a great durbar at Kabul , in which he informs his chiefs of the viceroy 's invitation to him to visit India , and of his acceptance of it . He explains that the visit will be purely one of friendship and courtesy , all political questions having been finally settled by the treaty of 1905 . By the close of the year the amir , with his escort and a large following of chiefs , has reached the frontier , and his visit passes off most satisfactorily .
Afghanistan
Years of the 20th century in Afghanistan
Afghanistan
1900s in Afghanistan
Burn Standard Company Limited ( BSCL ) is a Public Sector Undertaking ( PSU ) of the Government of India . Headquartered in Howrah , India , BSCL is engaged mainly in railway wagon manufacturing under the Ministry of Railways . On 4 April 2018 , Cabinet approves closure of loss making Burn Standard Company Limited . The company was formed with the merger of two companies – Burn & Company ( founded 1781 ) and Indian Standard Wagon ( founded 1918 ) , and was nationalised in 1975 . In fiscal 2006 , the company reported aggregated revenues of . Subsequently , the company with its two engineering units at Howrah and Burnpur came under the administrative control of Ministry of Railways in September 2010 . The refractory unit at Salem , Tamil Nadu , was transferred to Steel Authority of India Limited .
According to UK based newspaper Independent , in March 2008 , John Messer , the lead in-house lawyer for US engineering group McDermott International , was still trying to get paid for a contract drawn up in the late 1980s to build a giant offshore platform for the Mumbai High oil field . In October 2006 , Burn Standard , the Indian engineering company that sub-contracted work on the project to McDermott , lost its appeal against a court ruling instructing it to pay the US group $ 90m ( £45m ) . The amount due has already been paid after finalization of the arbitration and initiative taken by the Government of India .
Products and services
Railway wagons : tanker , hopper , flat
Casnub bogies
Couplers and Draft Gears
Steel Castings , Pressings , Forgings Bridge Girders , Structurals , Sleepers , Points and Crossings , Wagon Components
Wagon refurbishment
Burn Standard India renovated SLC Type for the CLC system in Kolkata in the 1980s .
Ash/coal plant construction
In the mid-1980s , Burn Standard had started an offshore construction unit at Jellingham , East Midnapore , West Bengal . The products were decks , helidecks , and jackets for Bombay High .
Liquidation
On the 4th of April 2018 , the Government of India approved the liquidation of Burn Standard Company .
References
External links
http : //www.burnstandard.com/ ( Official Website )
Government-owned companies of India
Engineering companies of India
Companies based in Kolkata
Companies nationalised by the Government of India
Coach and wagon manufacturers of India
1976 establishments in West Bengal
Indian companies established in 1976
Lawrence Rosen may refer to :
Lawrence Rosen ( attorney ) , attorney and computer specialist
Lawrence Rosen ( anthropologist ) , American anthropologist and scholar of law
See also
Larry Rosen ( disambiguation )
Vojo Gardašević ( born 10 October 1940 ) is a Montenegrin former association football coach and former player .
Playing career
Gardašević started his career with hometown club Budućnost , with whom he reached ( and lost ) the 1965 Yugoslav Cup final against Dinamo Zagreb . Budućnost were in the second league at the time and after losing the cup final , they also missed out on promotion to the top tier .
He later played club football in the Netherlands for PEC Zwolle .
Managerial career
Gardašević has coached the national teams of Iraq , Kenya , and the Seychelles .
References
1940 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Podgorica
Association football defenders
Yugoslav footballers
FK Budućnost Podgorica players
FK Sutjeska Nikšić players
PEC Zwolle players
Yugoslav Second League players
Yugoslav First League players
Tweede Divisie players
Yugoslav expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in the Netherlands
Yugoslav expatriate sportspeople in the Netherlands
Yugoslav football managers
FK Zeta managers
Al-Quwa Al-Jawiya managers
Iraq national football team managers
Expatriate football managers in Iraq
Serbia and Montenegro football managers
Kenya national football team managers
Gor Mahia F.C . managers
Seychelles national football team managers
Eritrea national football team managers
Expatriate football managers in Kenya
Expatriate football managers in Seychelles
Expatriate football managers in Eritrea
Montenegrin football managers
Lukáš Plšek ( born 15 September 1983 ) is a Czech former ice hockey goaltender .
Plšek began his career with HC Vsetín playing in the under-18 and under-20 league before moving to the full squad . He spent six seasons with Vsetín , where he was mostly a backup goalie , only playing 21 games in total . He also played for various second tier teams in aid of development . In 2005 he moved to Zlín but only played four games for them as once again he was sent to the second liga for development .
In 2006 , Plšek moved to Denmark to join IK Aarhus and in 2007 he joined AaB Ishockey where he served as backup to Peter Hirsch . He returned to Vsetín in 2008 and played for the team till 2016 .
External links
1983 births
Living people
AaB Ishockey players
Czech ice hockey goaltenders
LHK Jestřábi Prostějov players
Hokej Šumperk 2003 players
People from Uničov
VHK Vsetín players
PSG Berani Zlín players
Sportspeople from the Olomouc Region
The White Poodle ( ) is a 1956 Soviet film directed by Marianna Roshal and Vladimir Shredel . The screenplay was adapted by Grigorii Grebnev from the Aleksandr Kuprin story of the same name . The main roles were played by Viktor Koltsov and Vladimir Polyakov , with others taken by Natalie Gitserot , Alexander Antonov and Georgy Millyar . Filmed in 1955 , it was released in October 1956 .
Plot
On the Crimean coast at the end of the 19th century , the old organ-grinder Lodyzhkin , his 12-year-old acrobat son Seryozha and their clever white poodle Arto put on shows for the locals and holidaymakers . They earn a modest living and despite the long walks the boy finds the strength to sing as they travel around . One day , in Yalta , they enter the garden of a luxurious house and put on a show before its owners and Trilly , a child nobody says no to . As they are about to leave , Trilly demands the poodle at any price and , despite his family 's attempts to explain that the poodle is not for sale as he is central to their act , Trilly wo n't back down and a crisis ensues . His mother offers the organ-grinder a huge sum of money but he refuses and leaves . That night the dog disappears ...
Cast
Viktor Koltsov as grandfather Lodizhkin
Vladimir Polyakov as Serge , acrobat
Natalia Gitserot as Ms. Obolyaninova
Alexander Antonov as janitor
Georgy Millyar as servant Ivan
Mikhail Gluzsky as fisherman
Simon Svashenko as Hobo
Galina Levchenko
Valentina Kutsenko as fisherwoman
Aleksandr Antonov as yardman
References
1956 films
1950s 3D films
Adaptations of works by Aleksandr Kuprin
Soviet drama films
1956 drama films
Odessa Film Studio films
Films about dogs
Films set in Crimea
Russian children 's drama films
1950s children 's drama films
1956 directorial debut films
Russian 3D films
Soviet 3D films
Soviet children 's films
Neil Martin Andrew Walker ( born September 10 , 1985 ) is an American former professional baseball second baseman . He played in Major League Baseball ( MLB ) for the Pittsburgh Pirates ( 2009–2015 ) , New York Mets ( 2016–17 ) , Milwaukee Brewers ( 2017 ) , New York Yankees ( 2018 ) , Miami Marlins ( 2019 ) , and Philadelphia Phillies ( 2020 ) .
Walker was drafted by his hometown Pittsburgh Pirates in the first round of the 2004 MLB draft , and made his MLB debut with them in 2009 . He won a Silver Slugger Award in 2014 .
Early life
Walker , the son of former major league pitcher Tom Walker ( 1972–77 ) , was born in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , he grew up outside of Pittsburgh in the nearby North Hills suburbs and attended Pine-Richland High School . He graduated in 2004 . He played catcher on the baseball team and a wide receiver for the football team . Walker , who also played on the Rams ' basketball team until his senior year , was a two-time Pittsburgh Post-Gazette Male Athlete of the Year . His baseball uniform number # 24 , was retired from Pine-Richland during a pre-game ceremony before the Pittsburgh Pirates ' July 22 , 2010 game .
Neil grew up as a fan of the Pittsburgh Pirates , and attended many of the team 's games while sitting in the `` Peanut Heaven '' section of Three Rivers Stadium . In 1994 , he attended the All-Star Game , where he obtained the signatures of Ken Griffey Jr. and Frank Thomas . To this day , those signed baseballs are among his most prized baseball possessions . Prior to being drafted by the Pirates , Walker approached the University of Pittsburgh and Penn State about doubling in baseball and football ; however , he passed on those options out of concern that Penn State wanted him to add 60 pounds and become a tight end .
Professional baseball career
Minor leagues
The Pittsburgh Pirates selected Walker in the first round of the 2004 Major League Baseball draft . After three minor league seasons , At the beginning of the 2007 season , Baseball America rated him No . 74 on their list of Top 100 prospects , and No . 3 in the Pirates ' organization , behind Andrew McCutchen and Brad Lincoln .
In 2007 , the Pirates invited Walker to spring training as a non-roster player , where he was converted from his drafted position of catcher to third baseman . He was sent back to the Pirates Double-A affiliate Altoona Curve where he spent the majority of the season . On May 15 , 2007 , he became the first Curve player to have a four-hit game , going 4-for-4 with a home run , double and two RBIs against the Portland Sea Dogs . Walker hit a pair of two-run home runs on May 27 , 2007 , helping the Curve end a 10-game losing streak against the Bowie Baysox . He hit a grand slam and drove in five runs on June 28 , 2007 in the second game of a double-header against the Trenton Thunder .
Walker was promoted to the Triple-A Indianapolis Indians for the 2008 season , where he played 133 games , compiling a .242 average with 16 home runs , 80 RBI and 10 stolen bases .
Pittsburgh Pirates
2009
Walker spent the majority of the season again with the Pirates Triple-A affiliate Indianapolis Indians . In 95 games , he hit .264 with 69 RBI and 5 stolen bases . He received his first Major League call-up on September 1 , 2009 and served as a pinch-hitter for Pirates starter Charlie Morton that night against the Cincinnati Reds . His first career hit came five days later against Jason Motte of the St. Louis Cardinals , a single to right field . He never became an every day regular player and finished the season hitting .194 in 17 games .
2010
Walker spent most spring training with the Pirates in Bradenton , Florida before being reassigned back to the Indians . He hit .321 with six home runs , 26 RBI and 10 stolen bases in 43 games with Indianapolis and on May 25 , 2010 , he was called back up to the Pirates when first baseman Steve Pearce was placed on the disabled list with a sprained ankle .
He made his first Major League start of the year that night against the Cincinnati Reds , playing at third base . He hit an RBI double in the 8th inning off Reds starter Mike Leake . But his role on the team was initially in question , as Andy LaRoche had been the Pirates every day third baseman . With starting second baseman Akinori Iwamura struggling , Pirates manager John Russell played Walker at second base – a position where he had only played 23 career games at any level . He hit his first Major League home run on June 1 , 2010 off Chicago Cubs starter Ted Lilly .
Walker missed hitting for the cycle by only a triple on June 25 , 2010 against the Oakland Athletics . He doubled and scored a run in the first inning , singled in the third and then hit his 3rd home run off Athletics starter Ben Sheets . However , he was forced to leave the game after being nearly knocked unconscious by teammate Ryan Church 's knee when the two accidentally collided going for a fly ball . He then missed the following seven games with concussion-like symptoms before returning to action on July 3 .
Walker scored a career-high three times in a 12–6 win over the Houston Astros on July 17 , 2010 . He hit 3rd in the Pirates batting order , going 3-for-5 with 3 runs and 2 RBI . He set another career high three days later , recording five hits in one game against the Milwaukee Brewers , finishing the night 5-for-5 with a run scored and an RBI . Walker became the first Pirate rookie since fellow Pittsburgh native John Wehner in 1991 to have a five-hit game . His hitting tear was finally ended on July 23 , 2010 against the San Diego Padres , after recording six straight multi-hit games . He was batting .593 in that time ( 16-for-27 ) with four runs scored and eight RBIs .
Walker kicked off August with three hits while driving in a career-high four runs in a 7–6 win over the Cincinnati Reds on August 3 , 2010 . Walker played a pivotal role in a series win over the St. Louis Cardinals , driving in three runs against Cy Young hopeful Adam Wainwright on August 24 and then repeating the feat the very next day against Jake Westbrook . Following his performances against St. Louis , Walker then went on an 18-game hitting streak , from August 23 through September 12 . The streak was the longest by any Pirate hitter in 2010 and the longest by any Pirate rookie since Rennie Stennett also recorded an 18-game streak in 1971 .
Walker finished the 2010 season batting .296 with 12 home runs and 66 RBIs . His 54 RBIs after the All-Star Break tied with Cardinals slugger Albert Pujols for the 3rd best mark in the National League .
He was named the second baseman on Baseball America 's 2010 All-Rookie Team . He was also named the second baseman on the 2010 Topps Major League Rookie All-Star Team .
2011
After playing nearly every position on the diamond from catcher to the outfield , Walker finally settled in as a Major League second-baseman .
New Pirates manager Clint Hurdle was also full of praise for Walker , who reported early to training camp with the pitchers and catchers , saying `` He was really thrown into the fire last season , having to learn the position at the major league level , which is challenging and very difficult , but , to his credit , he pulled it off . ''
Walker hit his first career Major League grand slam on opening day , April 1 , 2011 in the 5th inning off Chicago Cubs starter Ryan Dempster , joining Roberto Clemente as the only Pirates players to hit a grand slam on opening day . On May 20 , Walker 's bobblehead night at PNC Park , he drove in a career-high 5 RBIs against the Detroit Tigers in a 10–1 Pirate win .
2012
After dealing with various back issues in August and September , Walker was shut down for the season on September 29 with a herniated disc in his back .
2013
Walker was activated from the disabled list on May 13 after spending some time with the Altoona Curve .
2014
Walker was placed on the disabled list June 9 after undergoing an emergency Appendectomy thus allowing a roster spot for top prospect Gregory Polanco . On Opening Day March 31 , Walker hit a walk off home run in a 1-0 victory in the 10th against the Chicago Cubs . On September 14 , Walker hit his 20th home run of the season ( a new career high ) also setting a new record for home runs in a season by Pirates second-basemen , a record which was previously held by Bill Mazeroski .
Walker ended the 2014 campaign with a .271 average with 23 home runs and 76 runs batted in . He became the first Pirates second baseman since Johnny Ray in 1983 to win the silver slugger award .
2015
On May 9 , 2015 , during a 7–5 win over the Cardinals , the Pirates became the first MLB team to turn a 4–5–4 triple play . The play occurred when the Cardinals ' Yadier Molina lined out to Walker . Walker threw to Jung-ho Kang at third base to double off Jhonny Peralta for the second out . Kang then threw the ball back to Walker , who was standing on second base , for the final out after Jason Heyward froze between second and third .
New York Mets
On December 9 , 2015 , the Pirates traded Walker to the New York Mets for Jon Niese . On January 29 , 2016 , Walker signed a one-year , $ 10.55 million deal avoiding arbitration .
2016
On April 23 , 2016 , Walker hit his 100th career home run in a game against the Atlanta Braves . On April 27 , Walker hit his 9th home run of April , tying a Mets franchise monthly record . On September 9 , Walker underwent a lumbar microdiscectomy at Hospital for Special Surgery in New York , ending his season . Despite appearing in only 113 games , Walker tied a career high with 23 home runs and finished with a .282 batting average . After the season , Walker became a free agent for the first time in his career .
2017
On November 14 , 2016 , Walker signed a qualifying offer from the Mets for one year worth $ 17.2 million . On June 14 , Walker suffered a partial tear in his left hamstring and was placed on the disabled list the following day . On July 28 , Walker was activated from the disabled list . On August 8 at Citi Field , Walker made his first career Major League start at first base .
Milwaukee Brewers
On August 12 , 2017 , Walker was traded to the Milwaukee Brewers for a player to be named later ( Eric Hanhold ) .
New York Yankees
On March 12 , 2018 , Walker signed a one-year , $ 4 million contract with the New York Yankees . On August 9 , 2018 , in a game against the Texas Rangers , he hit a home run from both sides of the plate in the same game for the first time in his career .
Miami Marlins
Walker signed a one-year contract for $ 2 million with the Miami Marlins on January 29 , 2019 . Walker elected free agency after the season ended on October 31 .
Philadelphia Phillies
On January 22 , 2020 , Walker signed a minor league deal with the Philadelphia Phillies . On August 13 , 2020 , he pitched of an inning , facing 3 batters , walking 1 , for a 0.00 ERA in the Phillies 11-4 loss to the Baltimore Orioles . He was designated for assignment on September 11 . Walker was outrighted two days later but refused his outright assignment and elected free agency on September 14 .
On April 20 , 2021 , Walker announced his retirement from professional baseball .
Personal life
Neil 's brother , Matt , played outfield for George Washington University and in the minor leagues in the Detroit Tigers and Baltimore Orioles systems . Neil 's other brother , Sean , pitched for George Mason University . His sister , Carrie , is a former professional basketball player . Carrie married Don Kelly , a fellow Major League Baseball player . His uncle , Chip Lang is a former Montreal Expos pitcher .
Walker attended high school with his future wife , Niki , who was one year ahead of him ; however , they did not begin dating until a few years after he began his professional baseball career . The couple 's first child , a daughter , was born on August 23 , 2016 .
During the 2010 season , Walker was one of only two Major League players to still live with his parents . The other was pitcher Tyson Ross . `` He 's really not thrilled about that . We try to give him his space , '' said his mother Carolyn , although Walker himself said he loves life at home . However , Walker announced at Pirate Camp prior to the 2011 season that his mom finally kicked him out of their North Hills area home .
Walker idolized Bill Mazeroski as a youth and received instruction from the great Pirates second-baseman during spring training , which provided invaluable help when Walker was called upon to play the position after Akinori Iwamura 's struggles . He was also a fan of Pirates ' outfielder Andy Van Slyke , whom he watched play at Three Rivers Stadium .
Walker is a Catholic . He led the effort to provide weekly Mass to fellow Catholics on the Pirates as well as Catholics from the visiting team . Walker states that Mass services are an important part of his life because they `` combat the negative qualities '' found in living the lifestyle of a Major League Baseball player . He also was a guest on Blessed2Play , a national radio show hosted by Ron Meyer where Neil discussed his faith and career .
Walker 's father ( Tom ) , a former teammate of Roberto Clemente , reflected about his son 's career when discussing Clemente 's death in 1972 . Before taking off on the flight that he would die on , Clemente insisted that Walker 's father not join him on his humanitarian mission . Walker 's father said Clemente saved his life and allowed him to have his family , including Neil Walker .
See also
List of second-generation Major League Baseball players
References
External links
1985 births
Living people
Altoona Curve players
American expatriate baseball players in Mexico
American expatriate baseball players in Venezuela
Baseball players from Pittsburgh
Bradenton Marauders players
Bravos de Margarita players
Catholics from Pennsylvania
Grand Canyon Rafters players
Gulf Coast Pirates players
Hickory Crawdads players
Indianapolis Indians players
Lynchburg Hillcats players
Major League Baseball broadcasters
Major League Baseball first basemen
Major League Baseball second basemen
Major League Baseball third basemen
Miami Marlins players
Milwaukee Brewers players
New York Mets players
New York Yankees players
Peoria Saguaros players
Philadelphia Phillies players
Pine-Richland High School alumni
Pittsburgh Pirates announcers
Pittsburgh Pirates players
Silver Slugger Award winners
Venados de Mazatlán players
Williamsport Crosscutters players
The Time Weekly ( ) is a weekly newspaper which covers current affairs . It is based in Guangzhou , China , and belongs to the Guangdong Publish Group ( )
The Time Weekly was established in 2008 and is a partner with The New York Times . It is published on Thursday every week and has five parts : politics , review , economy , culture and world .
References
External links
Official Website of The Time Weekly
English news about The Time Weekly
Weekly newspapers published in China
Chinese-language newspapers ( Simplified Chinese )
Mass media in Guangzhou
Boualem Benmalek ( born 30 January 1989 in Sétif ) is an Algerian professional footballer . He is currently NC Magra in the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 2 .
International career
On November 16 , 2011 , Benmalek was selected as part of Algeria 's squad for the 2011 CAF U-23 Championship in Morocco .
References
External links
Ligue Nationale de Football
1989 births
Living people
Algerian footballers
ES Sétif players
Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1 players
Algeria under-23 international footballers
Algeria youth international footballers
2011 CAF U-23 Championship players
Footballers from Sétif
Association football goalkeepers
AS Aïn M'lila players
21st-century Algerian people
Upper Bacombe and Lower Bacombe are two hamlets in the parish of Wendover , in Buckinghamshire , England . They are located to the south east of the main town , on and at the foot of Bacombe Hill , which is a Local Nature Reserve , and part of the Bacombe and Coombe Hills Site of Special Scientific Interest .
References
Hamlets in Buckinghamshire
Steven Schriver , also known as Shredder 1984 is a French American electronic/synthwave artist and video producer .
His style is more defined as darksynth , a synthwave subgenre with more dark , powerful and tragic atmospheres , often inspired by 1970s and 1980s sci-fi and horror movies .
Biography
Schriver initially made music in the metal scene and plays in Europe with the bands Can of Worms ( thrash metal/death metal ) and Silent Opera ( progressive death metal ) . In 2015 , he began playing synthwave and wrote and produced his first album Synth City , inspired by the cyberpunk culture and anime/mangas such as Ghost in the Shell , Akira , and 1980s/1990s videogames like Saboteur , Beamrider or Final Fantasy VII .
Musical career
Since 2016 , Shredder 1984 has toured France and the United States . He plays in venues such as Saint Vitus in Brooklyn , Retro City Festival in Los Angeles , Turbo Drive synthwave night at the DNA Lounge in San Francisco and Whisky a Go Go in West Hollywood .
Shredder 1984 released his second album Dystopian Future in November 2017 , and went on his California Tour 2018 where he started adding guitar parts , death growl on top of the synthesizers .
In April 2018 , he appeared on the NIGHTWAV – A Synthwave Compilation released by the synthwave label Lazerdiscs Records and signed with the label Jet Set Trash Records who works with artists like Robert Parker and Daniel Deluxe for the release of his new EP Undead Thrasher . Shredder 1984 is part of the French Synthwave Compilation released in May 2018 by the label Last Rendez-Vous Records . He works in with FacexHugger for the release of his new album Sci-Fi Violence on the track In Space No One Can Hear The X where he plays guitar parts .
Shredder 1984 plays at the Human Music 2 in Newark and at the Beach City Synth , first all-synthwave event in South Florida and is currently working on his next album .
Discography
EPs
Undead Thrasher ( April 2018 , Jet Set Trash Records )
Albums
Synth City ( 2016 , auto-produced )
Dystopian Future ( November 2017 , Future City Records )
Compilations
NIGHTWAV – A Synthwave Compilation ( April 2018 , Lazerdiscs Records )
French Synthwave Compilation Vol.1 ( May 2018 , Last Rendez-Vous Records )
Other collaborations
In Space No One Can Hear The X , Sci-Fi Violence by FacexHugger ( guitar parts )
References
External links
French electronic musicians
Living people
Synthwave musicians
21st-century French musicians
Year of birth missing ( living people )
The following is the list of squads for each of the 12 men 's and 10 women 's teams competing in the 2010 Wheelchair Basketball World Championship , held in Great Britain between July 7 and July 17 , 2010 . Each team selected a squad of 12 players for the tournament .
Athletes are given an eight-level-score specific to wheelchair basketball , ranging from 0.5 to 4.5 . Lower scores represent a higher degree of disability . The sum score of all players on the court can not exceed 14 .
Men
Group A
Head coach : Murray Treseder
Head coach : Malik Abes
Head coach : Yoshiaki Iwasa
Head coach : Piotr Luszynski
Head coach : Sa-Hyun Han
Head coach : James Glatch
Group B
Head coach : Mohamed Tahar Kisrane
Head coach : Ben Ettridge
Head coach : Jerry Tonello
Head coach : Franck Belen
Head coach : Aaron Davila
Head coach : Remzi Sedat Incesu
Women
Group A
Head coach : John Triscari
Head coach : Bill Johnson
Head coach : Garry Peel
Head coach : ?
Head coach : Yvonne Lansink Rotgerink
Group B
Head coach : Ana Teixeira
Head coach : Tiehua Liu
Head coach : Holger Glinicki
Head coach : Tetsuhiro Kikuchi
Head coach : David Kiley
See also
2010 FIBA World Championship squads
2010 FIBA World Championship for Women squads
References
Teams , Official site of the 2010 Wheelchair Basketball World Championship
External links
Official site of the 2010 Wheelchair Basketball World Championship
squad
Basketball squads
Togbi Sri II ( 1852–1956 ) was the Awoamefia ( ruler ) of the Anlo people of South East Ghana from 1906 to 1956 .
Early life and education
Sri II attended the Bremen Mission schools in Keta before working as a clerk in Sierra Leone and the German Cameroons .
Chieftaincy role
Upon becoming Awoamefia , Sri II modernised the role , developing it into a constitutional monarchy . He abandoned the traditional practice of living in seclusion , and removed the ban on the wearing of European clothing in Anloga . He became friends with Francis Crowther , the District Commissioner at Keta , which helped him expand the influence of the Anlo Traditional State In 1912 Crowther , then Secretary for Native Affairs in the Gold Coast included Avenor , Afife , Aflao , Dzodze , Fenyi , Klikor , Some and Weta in the Anlo State .
References
1852 births
1956 deaths
Ghanaian royalty
People from Volta Region
Ewe people
Karl H. Müller ( born 1953 ) is an Austrian social scientist , and director of the Steinbeis Transfer Center New Cybernetics in Vienna . He is particularly known for his 2005 work with J. Rogers Hollingsworth on `` Advancing Socio-Economics : An Institutionalist Perspective ''
Life and work
Müller obtained his MA and PhD degree in philosophy and economics during his studies at the University of Graz , the University of Pittsburgh , the University of Vienna and the University of Bologna from 1972 to 1983 .
Müller began his academic career in 1984 at the Institute for Advanced Studies ( IHS ) in Vienna , where from 1997 to 2001 he chaired the Departments of Political Science and Sociology , and from 2001 to 2014 the Wiener Institute for Social Science Documentation and Methodology ( WISDOM ) . Since 2014 he is director of the Steinbeis Transfer Centre New Cybernetics in Vienna and is also President of the Heinz von Foerster Society .
Müller 's research interests are `` complex modeling in the social sciences , new science of cybernetics and renewals of radical constructivism , potential interdisciplinary and transdisciplinary research ... in the field of economy , science and society . ''
Selected publications
Hollingsworth , Joseph Rogers , Karl H. Müller , Ellen Jane Hollingsworth ( 2005 ) Advancing Socio-Economics : An Institutionalist Perspective . Lanham , Maryland : Rowman & Littlefield Publishers .
Albert Müller and Karl H. Müller ( eds . ) An Unfinished Revolution ? Heinz von Foerster and the Biological Computer Laboratory BCL 1958–1976 . Vienna , Austria : edition echoraum . 2007 .
Karl H. Müller ( 2008 ) , The New Science of Cybernetics . The Evolution of Living Research Designs , vol . I : Methodology . Vienna , Austria : edition echoraum .
Articles , a selection :
Mueller , K. `` Towards a General Methodology for Second-Order Science . '' Systemics , Cybernetics And Informatics 12.5 ( 2014 ) : 33-42 .
References
External links
Karl H. Müller at forscenter.ch
1953 births
Living people
Austrian social scientists
University of Graz alumni
University of Pittsburgh alumni
University of Vienna alumni
University of Bologna alumni
Bradford Children 's Hospital in Bradford , West Yorkshire , England , was founded in 1883 and closed in 1988 . Its foundation stone was laid by Samuel Cunliffe Lister in 1889 . Richard Smithells was once a paediatrician at the hospital . After it closed as a children 's hospital the building became Nightingale 's Nursing Home which closed in 2006 . Subsequently it was converted into the Anjuman-e-Haideria Mosque . It is a grade II listed building .
References
Hospitals in Bradford
Noh Dong-geon ( ; born 4 October 1991 ) is a South Korean footballer who plays as goalkeeper for Suwon Samsung Bluewings .
References
External links
1991 births
Living people
Association football goalkeepers
South Korean footballers
Suwon Samsung Bluewings players
K League 1 players
Footballers at the 2014 Asian Games
Asian Games medalists in football
Korea University alumni
Asian Games gold medalists for South Korea
Medalists at the 2014 Asian Games
Phaulacantha metamelas is a moth of the family Tortricidae . It is found in Thailand and eastern Borneo .
The wingspan is 14 mm . The forewings are pale grey , marbled with darker grey with pale blue submetallic transverse bands on the costa . The hindwings are light fuscous grey .
References
Moths described in 1973
Olethreutini
Mohamed Ghulom Abdul Rahman is a Bahraini shooter . He competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics .
References
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
Shooters at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Bahraini male sport shooters
Olympic shooters of Bahrain
Charles Ruggles Boardman ( October 28 , 1860April 5 , 1950 ) was an American journalist , businessman , and Army National Guard officer . He served 16 years as Adjutant General of Wisconsin ( 1897–1913 ) and commanded the 64th Brigade of U.S. Infantry during . In civilian life , he was a founder and president of the Wisconsin National Life Insurance Company .
Early life and education
Charles Ruggles Boardman was born in Empire , Fond du Lac County , Wisconsin , on October 28 , 1860 , to Colonel Napoleon Boardman and his wife Mary Louise ( Tallmadge ) . He attended Fond du Lac High School , graduating in 1878 . He attended the University of Wisconsin–Madison and graduated with a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1884 .
Civilian career
Boardman moved to Oshkosh , Wisconsin , in 1884 after graduating from the University of Wisconsin . In 1884 , he was the city editor for the Daily Northwestern , the main daily newspaper in Oshkosh . In 1889 , he became the secretary-treasurer of the paper . From 1884 to 1887 , he also served as the newspaper 's business manager .
In 1895 , he helped found the Wisconsin National Life Insurance Company . He served as president of the company from 1908 to 1946. and president of the Globe Printing Company .
Military career
In 1879 , he enlisted in the Wisconsin National Guard , joining a company called the `` Fond du Lac Guards '' as a private . In 1885 , he was promoted to captain . By 1889 , he had received a promotion to major . On January 4 , 1897 , he was appointed Adjutant General of Wisconsin by Governor Edward Scofield .
He retired on October 1 , 1913 . He transferred to the National Guard Reserve on May 1 , 1917 , and was given command of the First Wisconsin Infantry Brigade .
He was sent to France during World War I . While overseas , he commanded the 64th Infantry Brigade as a brigadier general of the 32nd Infantry Division . He was relieved by General John A. Lejeune on August 11 , 1918 .
On August 13 , 1918 , he received an honorable discharge . He served for a total of thirty-eight years and was one of the oldest American general officers during World War I .
Personal life
Boardman 's maternal grandfather was Nathaniel P. Tallmadge , who served as a United States senator from New York and was the 3rd Governor of the Wisconsin Territory .
He married Adelaide Ryan Paige on July 13 , 1888 . Together , they had a son , Robert Paige Boardman , who was also an Army officer . His wife died in 1934 .
Death and legacy
He died on April 5 , 1950 , in Oshkosh . He was interred at Riverside Cemetery in Oshkosh .
References
1860 births
1950 deaths
People from Empire , Wisconsin
People from Oshkosh , Wisconsin
University of Wisconsin–Madison alumni
Editors of Wisconsin newspapers
Journalists from Wisconsin
Adjutants General of Wisconsin
Military personnel from Wisconsin
United States Army generals
National Guard ( United States ) generals
American military personnel of World War I
United States Army generals of World War I
The 2015 German motorcycle Grand Prix was the ninth round of the 2015 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season . It was held at the Sachsenring in Hohenstein-Ernstthal on 12 July 2015 .
In the MotoGP class , Marc Márquez secured his fourth pole position of the season , and ultimately took his second victory of the season — his sixth successive wins from pole position at Sachsenring , ahead from his teammate Dani Pedrosa and Valentino Rossi , who finished in third place . Scott Redding and Andrea Dovizioso crashed out from the race before the halfway mark . Hiroshi Aoyama , who previously replace Pedrosa at Repsol Honda Team — replaced an injured Karel Abraham , also crashed out from the race . Mike Di Meglio and Claudio Corti , who replaced an injured Stefan Bradl , force to retire from the race . Eugene Laverty 's older brother , Michael Laverty return to MotoGP race as he replaced Marco Melandri as Melandri left Aprilia Racing Team Gresini after he 's failing to score any point after the first eight races . With this result , Rossi continue leading his championshionship over 13 points from Jorge Lorenzo .
Classification
MotoGP
Moto2
Moto3
Championship standings after the race ( MotoGP )
Below are the standings for the top seven riders and constructors after round nine has concluded .
Riders ' Championship standings
Constructors ' Championship standings
Teams ' Championship standings
Note : Only the top seven positions are included for both sets of standings .
References
German
Motorcycle Grand Prix
German motorcycle Grand Prix
German motorcycle Grand Prix
`` So Far Under '' is a song by the American rock band Alice in Chains and the second single from the band 's sixth studio album , Rainier Fog , released on August 24 , 2018 . The single was released via YouTube , streaming and digital download on June 27 , 2018 . The lyrics and music were written by Alice In Chains ' co-lead vocalist and rhythm guitarist William DuVall , who also played the guitar solo in the song .
Origin
`` So Far Under '' is the first Alice in Chains song written entirely by William DuVall , and the first in the band 's catalog written entirely by someone other than Jerry Cantrell or Layne Staley . DuVall said about the song in a press release :
Release and reception
The song was released on Alice in Chains ' official YouTube channel on June 27 , 2018 , and it is also available for streaming and digital download via Spotify , iTunes , Amazon Music , Apple Music , Google Play and Deezer .
Revolver magazine said that the song `` finds the band leavening their signature grunge with dreary , hypnotic grooves reminiscent of Electric Wizard '' . For Loudwire , `` the track , heard seems to be a perfect fit for the Alice catalog , with a familiar guitar and drum sound . `` So far under / Too much pain to tell / Now I 'm ripped asunder / So far under , '' come the hypnotically-delivered lyrics of the chorus over evil sounding guitars . ''
The song peaked at No . 3 on Amazon 's Best Sellers in Rock , and at No . 23 on Amazon 's Top 100 Paid Songs .
Music video
The music video for `` So Far Under '' was released on Alice In Chains ' YouTube channel on June 6 , 2019 . It was directed by Adam Mason and continues the storyline that started with the music video for Rainier Fog '' 's first single , `` The One You Know '' . The video for `` So Far Under '' is the eighth episode of the sci-fi series Black Antenna '' , which tells the story of father and daughter named Alpha and Beta , two aliens disguised as humans who drive across California in silence , speaking only telepathically . Along the way , the daughter seduces men and steals from them to help her father build an antenna so that he can send a message to their people at home . At the same time , they are being tracked down by evil forces and must avoid being killed . Written by Adam Mason and Paul Sloan , the video stars Paul Sloan as Alpha , Viktoriya Dov as Beta , Darri Ingolfsson as Nil and Lily Robinson as Malum .
Live performances
Alice in Chains performed the song live for the first time during their concert at the Queen Elizabeth Theatre in Vancouver , Canada on August 22 , 2018 .
Personnel
William DuVall – lead vocals , lead guitar
Jerry Cantrell – rhythm guitar , backing vocals
Mike Inez – bass
Sean Kinney – drums
Chart positions
References
External links
2018 songs
2018 singles
Alice in Chains songs
Songs written by William DuVall
BMG Rights Management singles
Sludge metal songs
Doom metal songs
Song recordings produced by Nick Raskulinecz
The Prison Officers ' Union ( , VVL ) is a trade union representing prison and probation staff in Finland .
The union was founded in 1895 . From 1945 until 1960 , it was affiliated to the Finnish Federation of Trade Unions ( SAK ) . It also joined the Federation of Civil Servants , and when in 1969 that became the Joint Organisation of State Employees ( VTY ) , it became indirectly affiliated to the SAK 's successor , the Central Organisation of Finnish Trade Unions .
In 2005 , the VTY became part of the new Public and Welfare Services Union ( JHL ) , to which the Prison Officers ' Union has maintained its affiliation . As of 2020 , it has about 1,354 members . It is the largest union representing staff of the Ministry of Justice , and describes itself as the second-oldest affiliate of the SAK .
References
External links
Prison officer organisations
Trade unions established in 1895
Trade unions in Finland
Big Sur and the Oranges of Hieronymus Bosch is a memoir written by Henry Miller , first published in 1957 , about his life in Big Sur , California , where he resided for 18 years .
History
Background
In 1939 , Miller left France for Greece , where he remained until 1940 , leaving because of World War II . He returned to New York and made a year-long trip around the US , which resulted in his book The Air-Conditioned Nightmare . He moved to California in June 1942 , living in Beverly Glen for over a year . In 1944 , he moved to Big Sur , a section of the California coast , living in Partington Ridge from May 1944 until January 1946 . He then married Janina Martha Lepska , his third wife , and they moved to Anderson Creek . In February 1947 they returned to Partington Ridge , where he remained until 1962 . He and Lepska separated in 1951 and divorced the following year . She moved to Long Beach , and their children , Tony and Val , stayed with Miller in the summers and at Christmas time . Miller married his fourth wife , Eve McClure , on December 29 , 1953 . They divorced in 1960 . He moved to Pacific Palisades in 1963 , where he would live for the rest of his life .
Publication
At the time of the book 's publication , numerous Miller books were still banned in the US : Tropic of Cancer , Aller Retour New York , Black Spring , Tropic of Capricorn , The World of Sex , Quiet Days in Clichy , Sexus and Plexus . Miller was working on Nexus at the time of Big Sur '' 's publication . After the publication of the book , which presents Big Sur as paradise on earth , many fans began to arrive in Big Sur to explore the area and seek out Miller.Henry Miller : A Life , p. 329 .
Summary
The title of the book is taken from 15th-century Dutch painter Hieronymus Bosch 's triptych `` The Garden of earthly delights '' , where oranges and other fruits symbolize the delights of paradise . The book is dedicated to Miller 's friend Emil White , who established the Henry Miller Memorial Library in his old cabin in Big Sur.The Unknown Henry Miller , p. 81 .
The first two main parts of the book are portraits of Big Sur , with descriptions of its inhabitants , including writers , mystics , and two of Miller 's children , Tony and Val . There are also reflections on the benefits of solitude , and on events from Miller 's past .
The third part tells the story of when Miller was visited by an old friend from Paris , the French astrologer Conrad Moricand , in 1947 . Moricand had written Miller that he was penniless . Miller invited Moricand to live with him in Big Sur for the rest of his life . Moricand arrived at the end of the year . The arrangement quickly turned into a disaster . Although Miller had told Moricand about the isolated and rugged life of Big Sur , Moricand was unprepared and complained often about the weather , food , and his own poor health , among other things . Miller put Moricand in a hotel in Monterey , and arranged for him to return to France . Moricand did not immediately return to Europe , however , instead writing Miller angry letters about his perceived mistreatment . Miller wrote about this episode , which would be published in 1956 as A Devil in Paradise '' , and a year later as the third part of Big Sur , called `` Paradise Lost . ''
The lengthy epilogue details the many letters he has received from readers , and concludes by asking the readers not to write to him anymore . It was originally written in Anderson Creek in 1946 , and revised for the book 's publication .
References
American memoirs
American non-fiction books
Works by Henry Miller
1957 non-fiction books
Non-fiction novels
Big Sur
New Directions Publishing books
Berthoud may refer to :
Places
Berthoud , Colorado , US
Berthoud Pass , Colorado , US
Burgdorf , Switzerland , ( French : Berthoud )
See also
People
Alfred Berthoud ( 1874–1939 ) , Swiss professor of chemistry
Denise Berthoud ( 1916–2005 ) , Swiss lawyer and Red Cross executive
Edward L. Berthoud ( 1828–1910 ) , American military officer and engineer
Eric Berthoud ( 1900–1989 ) , British oil man and diplomat
Ferdinand Berthoud ( 1727–1807 ) , French chronometer-maker
Henri Berthoud ( 1877–1948 ) , Swiss civil servant and congressman
Jean Berthoud ( 1846–1916 ) , Swiss lawyer and politician
John Berthoud ( 1962–2007 ) , American lobbyist , president of the National Taxpayers Union
Martin Berthoud ( 1931–2022 ) , British diplomat
Raymonde Berthoud ( 1919–2007 ) , Swiss Red Cross worker in Hungary
Cardiff Parkway ( ) is a planned railway station in the eastern region of Cardiff , and near to the boundary with the neighbouring city of Newport . The station is privately funded as part of the wider Cardiff Hendre Lakes business development .
Origins
Cardiff Parkway Developments Ltd had applied for a station as part of the New Stations Fund 2 , but it was unsuccessful . The station is to serve a new business park and would fit in with the proposed South Wales Metro . The new station is to be located south of the existing St Mellons Business Park in Cardiff , with the location of the station between Newport Road and Newport stations .
On 13 July 2017 , it was announced that the station would be privately built rather than public and would not need the same system of approval than if it was publicly built .
On 19 July 2017 , it was announced the station had received funding of £30 million and was due to open in February 2020 . The station is expected to cost around £120m and aims to secure 8 services an hour to Cardiff and Newport , as well as mainline services to other parts of the UK , including London and Bristol .
The plans are to skew the two relief lines to the south to allow an island platform to be built in the middle of the four tracks , plus platforms on either side .
If Cardiff Parkway opens it will be the first station on the main line between Cardiff and Newport since Marshfield Station closed in 1959 .
Construction
The station while first proposed in 2012 saw significant plans developed in the mid 2010s . In January 2019 , it was announced that the station would open in 2022 with construction starting in 2020 .
In November 2019 , a four-week period of public engagement into the project was launched . Completion of the station has been pushed back to 2023 , subject to a planning application due in 2020 . In August 2020 , a report suggested construction would start the following year , and the station would open in 2024 .
In December 2021 a revised timetable was published where planning permission will be sought in February 2022 with a view to construction enabling a 2024 opening .
See also
South Wales Metro
Transport for Wales
Proposed railway stations in Wales
Transport in Cardiff
References
Proposed railway stations in Wales
Parkway
Railway stations scheduled to open in 2024
Spillmann 's tapaculo ( Scytalopus spillmanni ) is a species of bird in the family Formicariidae . It inhabits the Andes of Colombia and Ecuador .
Taxonomy and systematics
The Spillmann 's tapaculo was previously considered a subspecies of brown-rumped tapaculo ( Scytalopus latebircola ) but was elevated to species rank due to differences in their vocalizations . It and chusquea tapaculo ( S. parkeri ) form a superspecies . The population in Colombia 's eastern Andes might be different enoung to be a subspecies .
Description
Spillmann 's tapaculo is long . Males weigh and females . The male is blackish gray above with a dark brown rump . It is lighter gray below with tawny to cinnamon flanks and vent area . Some females are like the male , but most have the upperparts heavily washed with brown and an orange lower belly . The juvenile is brown above and dusky below , with barring above and below .
Distribution and habitat
Spillmann 's tapaculo is found in all three Andean ranges of Colombia and south into
Ecuador . In the west it extends to Cotopaxi Province and in the east into Morona-Santiago Province . It inhabits the undergrowth of humid montane forest and is especially partial to Chusquea bamboo . It ranges generally from but is found locally up to and as high as in western Napo Province , Ecuador .
Behavior
Feeding
Spillmann 's tapaculo forages on the ground or near it , mostly for small insects .
Breeding
Little is known about the breeding phenology of Spillmann 's tapaculo , but it probably breeds throughout the year .
Vocalization
The song of Spillmann 's tapaculo is a 10 to 20 second trills whose volume and sometime pitch increase . The male and female have several calls such as , , and .
Status
The IUCN has assessed Spillmann 's tapaculo as being of The Least Concern . It has a very large range and appears to be common throughout it .
References
Spillmann 's tapaculo
Birds of the Colombian Andes
Birds of the Ecuadorian Andes
Spillmann 's tapaculo
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Mason Wesley Bates ( born January 23 , 1977 ) is a Grammy award-winning American composer of symphonic music and DJ of electronic dance music . He is the first composer-in-residence of the Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts , and he has also been in residence with Chicago Symphony Orchestra , the San Francisco Symphony , the Pittsburgh Symphony , and the California Symphony . In addition to his notable works Mothership , Anthology of Fantastic Zoology , and The ( R ) evolution of Steve Jobs , he composed the score to Gus Van Sant 's film The Sea of Trees . In a 2018 survey of American orchestras , he was rated the second-most performed living composer .
Life
Bates was born in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , and raised in Richmond , Virginia , and Newtown , Virginia , where his family homestead and farm is located . He exhibited an early interest in creative writing at St. Christopher 's School and received a letter from the Mayor of Munich in response to his poem The Village of a Million People , written after a visit to the German city . His earliest choral compositions were conducted by his piano teacher Hope Armstrong Erb , and he studied composition with Dika Newlin , who was a student of Arnold Schoenberg .
During the summer of 1993 at Brevard Music Center , Bates ' music caught the attention of conductor Robert Moody , who subsequently commissioned his first symphonic work Free Variations for Orchestra for his orchestra in Evansville , Indiana . Bates subsequently attended the Columbia University-Juilliard School program and earned a Bachelor of Arts in English literature and Masters of Music in music composition . He studied music composition with John Corigliano , David Del Tredici , and Samuel Adler , while also studying playwriting with Arnold Weinstein .
In 2001 , Bates relocated to the Bay Area and studied under Edmund Campion in the Center for New Music and Audio Technologies at the University of California , Berkeley and graduated in 2008 with a PhD in composition . He worked around that time as a DJ and techno artist under the name Masonic in clubs and lounges of San Francisco .. In that year , with conductor Benjamin Schwartz and visual designer Anne Patterson , he founded Mercury Soul , a San Francisco-based non-profit organization that mounts club shows combining classical music and DJ sets in clubs . He concurrently lived in Rome 2003-2004 as the recipient of The Rome Prize from the American Academy in Rome as well as in Berlin in 2005 as recipient of the Berlin Prize from the American Academy in Berlin . In 2014 he joined the Composition faculty of the San Francisco Conservatory of Music . He currently lives in the Burlingame , California .
Career
Bates showed an early interest in bridging the worlds of electronic and symphonic music , premiering his Concerto for Synthesizer in 1999 with the Phoenix Symphony and subsequently performing it with the Atlanta Symphony . Robert Moody premiered that work in addition to Rusty Air in Carolina . He gained national attention in 2007 with Liquid Interface , a water symphony commissioned by the National Symphony Orchestra under Leonard Slatkin , who premiered several works by Bates including Violin Concerto for Anne Akiko Meyers .
Bates has spoken about his symphonies as a revival of the narrative symphonies of the 19th century using 21st-century sounds , as exhibited by his 2018 symphony Art of War . The piece “ explores the drama of human conflict ” using field recordings of mortar and artillery explosions made during two visits to Camp Pendleton , as well as recordings of the printing presses of the US Mint which appear in the work 's opening movement 'Money as a weapons system '' ' .
Some of his works do not include electronic sounds , such as Resurrexit , which was commissioned by Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra in celebration of Manfred Honeck 's 60th birthday . Honeck conducted its premiere in 2018 .
A long partnership with the San Francisco Symphony began with the 2009 premiere of The B-Sides under Michael Tilson Thomas , who subsequently conducted several works by Bates with the YouTube Symphony . The latter premiered Mothership at the Sydney Opera House in 2011 to an online audience of two million , and the work has become one of the most-performed orchestral works by a living composer . Michael Tilson Thomas and the San Francisco Symphony recorded three Bates works during the Beethoven & Bates Festival of 2017 , earning a Grammy nomination for Best Orchestral Performance . That same year also saw a nomination for Best Contemporary Classical Composition for his Alternative Energy for the Chicago Symphony Orchestra , where Bates was named composer-in-residence from 2010-2015 .
Film projects began in 2015 with the score for Gus Van Sant 's film The Sea of Trees , starring Matthew McConaughey , Naomi Watts and Ken Watanabe .
While gaining national prominence for his electro-acoustic symphonic music , Bates began experimenting with concert format in his curating projects in partnership with institutions such as the Chicago Symphony Orchestra and the Kennedy Center . Through his club show Mercury Soul , Bates became familiar with lighting , production , and staging techniques that create fluid , information-rich environments in social settings . With composer Anna Clyne , Bates expanded the Chicago Symphony 's MusicNOW series to include cinematic program notes , immersive production , and pre- and post-concert parties in partnership with the illmeasures DJ collective . After his residency with the CSO , Bates was named the first composer-in-residence of the Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts in Washington , D.C. , where he launched the new-music series KC Jukebox . The series animates venues across the Center , pairing classical ensembles and composers with artists outside the field , such as Thievery Corporation and the composers Kyle Dixon and Michael Stein of the Netflix series Stranger Things .
His first opera , The ( R ) evolution of Steve Jobs , was premiered in 2017 by the Santa Fe Opera , which added a performance to accommodate the high demand after selling out all seven performances . General Director Charles MacKay announced that it was one of the best-selling new works in its history , and Santa Fe Opera 's recording on Pentatone Records went on to win the 2019 Grammy® for Best Opera Recording . Co-commissioners include San Francisco Opera , Seattle Opera , and Indiana University . The Libretto was written by Mark Campbell .
In 2018 , the Metropolitan Opera announced the commission of The Amazing Adventures of Kavalier & Clay , with music by Bates and libretto by Gene Scheer . The opera is based on the Pulitzer Prize-winning novel with the same name by Michel Chabon about a Jewish immigrant who writes comic books to earn enough money to save his family from the Holocaust .
In November 2019 , Vulcan Productions announced details about World 's Greatest Synth : The Making of the Orchestra ( later retitled Philharmonia Fantastique : The Making of the Orchestra ) , a 25-minute multimedia work integrating film , animation and pre-recorded sound with a live orchestra . It was co-commissioned by the Chicago Symphony Orchestra , San Francisco Symphony , Dallas Symphony Orchestra , Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra and National Symphony Orchestra . The work is a collaboration between Bates and director and sound designer Gary Rydstrom of Lucasfilm and Skywalker Sound , as well as animator Jim Capobianco of Aerial Contrivance Workshop . Philharmonia Fantastique is a ‘ guide to the orchestra ' with a script by Bates and Rydstrom ( the director of the film ) , and an electro-acoustic symphonic score by Bates . It was set to be premiered by Chicago Symphony Orchestra with guest conductor Edwin Outwater in March 26-28 in 2020 , marking the 100th-anniversary celebration of the 1919 founding of the CSO School and Family Matinee Concerts series by Frederick Stock , CSO 's second music director . However , the premiere was cancelled as a response to the COVID-19 pandemic . Its West Coast premiere in April 16-18 in the same year by the San Francisco Symphony was postponed for the same reason . The Dallas Symphony Orchestra , Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra , and National Symphony Orchestra also plan to perform Philharmonia Fantastique in their 2020-21 season , after which it will be made available for rental as a 'film in concert ' package .
Awards
2019 Grammys Winner Best Opera Recording - The ( R ) evolution of Steve Jobs 2017 Musical America Composer of the Year 2018
2012 18th Annual Heinz Award in the Arts and Humanities
2008 Guggenheim Fellowship
2008 Van Cliburn American Composer Invitational First Prize
2006 Creative Capital Award
2004 Rome Prize
2005 American Academy in Berlin Prize
Charles Ives scholarship
American Academy of Arts and Letters fellowship
Jacob Druckman Memorial Prize from Aspen Music Festival
Tanglewood Music Center Fellowship
Composer in Residence
2015 Kennedy Center Composer-in-Residence
2012-2013 , 2014-2015 Composer of the Year , Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra
2010-15 Chicago Symphony 's Mead composer in residence .
2007-2010 Young American Composer-in-Residence for the California Symphony
Compositions
Symphonic works
Art of War , for orchestra and electronics ( 2018 )
Resurrexit , for orchestra ( 2018 )
Children of Adam , songs of creation for orchestra and chorus ( 2017 )
Sideman , for band and percussion ( 2016 )
Auditorium , for orchestra ( 2016 )
Anthology of Fantastic Zoology , for orchestra ( 2015 )
Cello Concerto , for cello and orchestra ( 2014 )
Devil 's Radio , for orchestra ( 2014 )
Garages of the Valley , for orchestra ( 2014 )
The Rise of Exotic Computing , for sinfonietta and laptop ( 2013 )
Attack Decay Sustain Release , fanfare for orchestra ( 2013 )
Violin Concerto , for orchestra and violin ( 2012 )
Alternative Energy , for orchestra and electronica ( 2011 )
Mothership , for orchestra and electronica ( 2011 )
Desert Transport , for orchestra ( 2010 )
Sea-Blue Circuitry , for orchestra or band ( 2010 )
Mainframe Tropics , for orchestra ( 2010 )
The B-Sides , for orchestra and electronica ( 2009 )
Music from Underground Spaces , for orchestra and electronica ( 2008 )
Liquid Interface ( 2007 )
Rusty Air in Carolina , for orchestra and electronica ( 2006 )
White Lies for Lomax ( 2009 )
Omnivorous Furniture , for sinfonietta and electronica ( 2004 )
Ode , prelude to the Beethoven 9th for orchestra ( 2001 )
Icarian Rhapsody , for string orchestra ( 1999 )
Undistant , for orchestra ( 2021 )
Operatic works
The ( R ) evolution of Steve Jobs ( 2017 )
ChamberShenandoah , for solo violin ( 2019 )
Carbide and Carbon , for cello ensemble ( 2013 )
Difficult Bamboo , for Pierrot ensemble and percussion ( 2013 )
Bagatelles , for string quartet and electronica ( 2012 )
Stereo is King , for three percussionists and tape ( 2011 )
The Life of Birds , for flute , clarinet , violin , and cello ( 2008 )
White Lies for Lomax , for piano solo ( 2007 )
Red River , for violin , clarinet , cello , piano , and electronics ( 2007 )
Digital Loom , for organ and electronics ( 2005 )
From Amber Frozen , for string quartet ( 2004 )
String Band , for piano trio ( 2002 )
Mercury Soul , for clarinet and piano ( 2002 )
Vocal works
Children of Adam , songs of creation for orchestra and chorus ( 2018 )
Drum-Taps , for choir ( 2017 )
Passage , for mezzo soprano and orchestra ( 2017 )
Mass Transmission , for organ , electronics , and chorus ( 2012 )
Observer in a Magellanic Cloud , for chorus ( 2009 )
Sirens , for 12-part a cappella chorus ( 2009 )
Film scores
The Sea of Trees - dir . Gus Van Sant ( 2016 )
Discography
American Masters - Violin Concerto ( Entertainment One Music , 2014 )
Riccardo Muti Conducts Mason Bates and Anna Clyne - Alternative Energy ( CSO Resound , 2014 )
Stereo is King ( Innova Recordings , 2014 )
Digital Loom '' ( MSR Classics , 2009 )
Scrapyard Exotica ( Sono Luminus DSL-92193 ) by Del Sol String Quartet ( 2015 )
Works for Orchestra ( San Francisco Symphony ) by San Francisco Symphony ( 2016 )
Anthology of Fantastic Zoology ( CSO ResoundOrchestra ( 2016 )
The ( R ) evolution of Steve Jobs '' ( Pentatone ) by Santa Fe Opera ( 2018 )
References
External links
Official website
“ Rusty Air in Carolina ” for orchestra and electronica ( 2006 ; 1.25 mb )
1977 births
21st-century American composers
21st-century American male musicians
21st-century classical composers
American classical composers
American contemporary classical composers
American electronic musicians
American male classical composers
American opera composers
Berlin Prize recipients
Classical musicians from Virginia
Columbia College ( New York ) alumni
Electronic composers
Juilliard School alumni
Living people
Male opera composers
Musicians from Richmond , Virginia
St. Christopher 's School ( Richmond , Virginia ) alumni
University of California , Berkeley alumni
The 1972–73 Challenge Cup was the 72nd staging of rugby league 's oldest knockout competition , the Challenge Cup .
The final was contested by Featherstone Rovers and Bradford Northern at Wembley .
Featherstone Rovers beat Bradford Northern 33-14 at Wembley in front of a crowd of 72,395 .
The winner of the Lance Todd Trophy was the Featherstone scrum-half , Steve Nash .
Cyril Kellett scored 8-conversions for Featherstone Rovers , the most in a Challenge Cup Final until it was equalled by Iestyn Harris in 1999 .
First Round
Second Round
Quarter Finals
Semi Finals
Final
References
External links
Challenge Cup official website
Challenge Cup 1972/73 results at Rugby League Project
Challenge Cup
Challenge Cup
These are the full results of the 2017 South American Championships in Athletics which took place in Luque , Asunción , Paraguay , from 23 to 25 June at the Pista Comité Olímpico Paraguayo .
Men 's results
100 meters
Heats – 23 JuneWind : Heat 1 : +3.4 m/s , Heat 2 : +2.4 m/s , Heat 3 : +2.3 m/s
Final – 23 JuneWind : +1.9 m/s
200 meters
Heats – 24 JuneWind : Heat 1 : +3.3 m/s , Heat 2 : +3.0 m/s , Heat 3 : +3.0 m/s
Final – 25 JuneWind : +2.2 m/s
400 meters
Heats – 23 June
Final – 23 June
800 meters
24 June
1500 meters
23 June
5000 meters
25 June
10,000 meters
23 June
110 meters hurdles
24 JuneWind : +3.8 m/s
400 meters hurdles
Heats – 24 June
Final – 24 June
3000 meters steeplechase
24 June
4 × 100 meters relay
24 July
4 × 400 meters relay
25 July
20,000 meters walk
25 June
High jump
23 June
Pole vault
23 June
Long jump
24 June
Triple jump
25 June
Shot put
24 June
Discus throw
23 June
Hammer throw
25 June
Javelin throw
24 June
Decathlon
23–24 June
Women 's results
100 meters
Heats – 23 JuneWind : Heat 1 : +2.8 m/s , Heat 2 : +3.5 m/s
Final – 23 JuneWind : +3.4 m/s
200 meters
Heats – 24 JuneWind : Heat 1 : +2.8 m/s , Heat 2 : +2.6 m/s
Final – 25 JuneWind : +2.8 m/s
400 meters
Heats – 23 June
Final – 23 June
800 meters
25 June
1500 meters
23 June
5000 meters
25 June
10,000 meters
23 June
100 meters hurdles
23 JuneWind : +2.9 m/s
400 meters hurdles
Heats – 24 June
Final – 24 June
3000 meters steeplechase
24 June
4 × 100 meters relay
24 July
4 × 400 meters relay
25 July
20,000 meters walk
24 June
High jump
25 June
Pole vault
23 June
Long jump
24 June
Triple jump
23 June
Shot put
25 June
Discus throw
23 June
Hammer throw
24 June
Javelin throw
23 June
Heptathlon
24–25 June
References
South American Championships in Athletics - Results
Events at the South American Championships in Athletics
Nass ( ) is an Arabic word variously translated as `` a known , clear legal injunction , '' a `` divine decree '' , a `` designation '' , `` written law '' as opposed to unwritten law , `` canonical text '' that forbids or requires ,
a `` textual proof '' .
In Shiah Islam ( Twelver and Isma'ili ) , nass refers specifically to the designation of an infallible Imam by a previous infallible Imam .
See also
Isma'ilism
References
Twelver theology
Islamic terminology
Ismailism
fa : نص
Gheorghe Georgescu ( born 15 July 1911 ; date of death unknown ) was a Romanian footballer who played as a forward . He scored a hat-trick in the 6–5 victory against Ripensia Timișoara in the 1934–35 Cupa României final , which helped Rapid București win the first trophy in the club 's history .
International career
Gheorghe Georgescu played three games at international level for Romania , including two games at the 1935 Balkan Cup . He scored one goal in a friendly which ended with a 7–1 loss against Sweden .
Honours
Rapid București
Cupa României : 1934–35 , 1936–37 , 1938–39
References
External links
Gheorghe Georgescu at Labtof.ro
1911 births
Romanian footballers
Romania international footballers
Association football forwards
Liga I players
FC Rapid București players
AS CFR Brașov players
Year of death missing
Lizzie Foster ( 10 September 1856 – 9 February 1948 ) was a British archer . She competed at the 1908 Summer Olympics in London . Foster competed at the 1908 Games in the only archery event open to women , the double National round . She took 7th place in the event with 553 points .
Foster competed with the Vale of White Horse Archers .
References
Sources
External links
1856 births
1948 deaths
Archers at the 1908 Summer Olympics
Olympic archers of Great Britain
British female archers
The Château de Verteuil is a historic building in Charente , France . It dates back to 1080 and has since been extensively rebuilt , although 12th-century walls remain . The château has always been in the property of the La Rochefoucauld family .
During the Hundred Years ' War ( 1337–1453 ) the château was occupied several times by the English . It was demolished in 1442 , but was soon rebuilt using the original stones . In the religious wars of 16th and 17th centuries the château was a base for Huguenot forces , and in 1650 it was partly demolished by royal troops . Another château was erected but it received extensive damage in a fire in 1793 during the French Revolution . The château was renovated in the romantic style after the Bourbon Restoration of 1815 , and has been extensively modified since then . During World War II ( 1939–45 ) the château housed French troops and refugees from Alsace-Lorraine in 1940 and for several months it was partially occupied by some German units . In 1944 some members of the maquis were hidden there . The château was listed as a monument historique on 31 March 1966 , and obtained full protection on 19 November 2010 .
The present château , designed on a triangular plan , has five conical towers and a watchtower capped by slate roofs . Archaeologists have uncovered traces of the older buildings on the site dating back to the 11th century . The architect Frantz Jourdain renovated the interior of the 14th-century tower as a library for the Rochefoucault family in 1893 . The Hunt of the Unicorn tapestries of the building , which hung in the master bedroom , were rediscovered in 1850 ; they were later sold to John D. Rockefeller , Jr. in 1923 .
Location
The castle is in a strategic position , dominating the village of Verteuil-sur-Charente and the Charente valley .
In the past it controlled the road from Limoges to La Rochelle , on the route between the courts of France and Spain . The word `` Verteuil '' was often used in the Middle Ages to designate a fortified place .
Jean Froissart ( ) described it as `` un meult fort chasteau en Poictou sur les marches du Limousin et de la Saintonge '' ( a strong castle in Poitou on the borders of Limousin and Saintonge ) .
The château , a few miles north of Angoulême and in fact in Angoumois , was later used as the country seat of the La Rochefoucauld family .
History
Early years
The Château de Verteuil is recorded in 1080 as the property of the Lord of La Rochefoucauld . Since then the castle has almost always belonged to a member of this family . The first recorded successful siege was in 1135 , by Count Wulgrin II of Angoulême ( –1140 ) , when the castle belonged to Aymar II de la Rochefoucauld . Hostilities continued between their descendants , William VI of Angoulême ( died 1179 ) and Guy IV of la Rochefoucauld , but had ceased by 1170 when they both attended the dedication of the church of Saint-Amant-de-Boixe . Louis VII of France ( 1120–80 ) and Eleanor of Aquitaine ( 1122–1204 ) may have stayed at Verteuil in 1137 . Eleanor 's mother was a Rochefoucauld , and due to the unsettled state of the country the young couple only stayed in safe and preferably well-fortified places in their journey from Bordeaux to Paris .
King Philip VI of France ( 1293–1350 ) stayed at the castle in 1332 . Due to the Anglo-French hostilities the castle was playing an increasingly important role . During the Hundred Years ' War the English were given the castle from 1360 to 1385 by the Treaty of Brétigny . The castle was yielded reluctantly to Edward III of England 's regent in France , John Chandos , on 25 October 1361 . He had brought the brother of the keeper to the castle and threatened to behead him unless there was an immediate capitulation . French troops commanded by the Duke of Bouillon and Geoffroy III of Rochefoucauld laid siege to the castle in 1380 , but it did not yield until five years later . The English later regained the castle , but in 1442 Charles VII of France ( 1403–61 ) finally captured it from the English .
The Rochefoucaulds , who had played a major role in the fight against the English , now began to ravish Angoulême . Charles VII returned , and this time destroyed the castle , largely by fire . However , the stones were recovered and the castle rebuilt . In 1446 the Rochefoucaulds managed to obtain the king 's pardon and permission to build a defensive wall and two towers in Verteuil to restore the traditional refuge of the villagers . Under this pretext they made the castle among the best defended in France .
The walls were not just restored but also reinforced using the latest techniques .
François I de La Rochefoucauld ( died 1541 ) was the godfather of Francis I of France ( 1494–1547 ) , who visited Verteuil in 1516 . Anne de Polignac , widow of Count François II de la Rochefoucauld , received the Emperor Charles V ( 1500–1558 ) in Verteuil on 6 December 1539 . Her mother 's sister was the wife of the historian Philippe de Commines . She made many improvements to the château , and built the famous library . In 1558 King Henry II of France ( 1519–59 ) stayed at Verteuil with his son Charles , Duke of Orleans ( 1550–74 ) , and his daughter Elizabeth ( 1545–68 ) , the future wife of Philip II of Spain ( 1527–98 ) .
Religious wars and Bourbon monarchy
François III de La Rochefoucauld ( 1521–72 ) became brother-in-law of the Protestant Louis , Prince of Condé ( 1530–1569 ) , and in 1560 organized a meeting at Verteuil between Condé and the Cardinal Georges d'Armagnac ( –1585 ) legate of Pope Pius IV , in an attempt to prevent further conflict . Two years later François III had thrown in his lot with the Protestants . In 1567 the 6th national synod of the Reformed Church of France was held at the château , and the next year it was a rallying point for Huguenot troops that came to the aid of La Rochelle when it was besieged by Catholics . The château was visited by the future king Henry IV of France ( 1553–1610 ) , Catherine de ' Medici ( 1519–89 ) and her daughter , Margaret ( 1553–1615 ) , Louis XIII of France ( 1601–43 ) , Anne of Austria ( 1601–66 ) and the Queen Mother Marie de ' Medici ( 1575–1642 ) .
In 1650 François VI , Duc de La Rochefoucauld ( 1613–1680 ) gathered more than 2,000 knights whom he led to Bordeaux to help the nobles in the second Fronde revolt .
Soon after Charles de La Porte , Marshall of France and Duc de la Meilleraye ( 1602–64 ) attacked and took the castle with royal troops .
He destroyed the Orangery and partially demolished the castle . The walls of the north wing were badly damaged , the towers dismantled , the drawbridge removed and the deep ditch that defended the northwest of the castle was partly filled .
The castle remained habitable , and in 1651 was visited by the Prince de Conti , but he was forced to withdraw by soldiers of the Queen 's regiment . They installed a garrison of 150 men at Verteuil .
François VI was exiled by Louis XIV of France ( 1638–1715 ) after the revolt .
In 1652 François VI returned to the Château de Verteuil , where he spent most of his time until 1659 writing his Mémoires .
He was restored to favor in 1662 and in 1665 published his Maximes .
François died in Paris in 1680 but was buried in the Franciscan chapel of Verteuil , which had been founded in 1470 by his ancestor , John , 16th lord of Rochefoucauld and 13th lord of Verteuil . All of John 's successors were buried in this chapel until the Reign of Terror began in 1793 .
There were some distinguished visitors during the reign of Louis XV of France ( 1710–1774 ) . Elisabeth Farnese ( 1692–1766 ) the second wife of Philip V of Spain ( 1683–1746 ) , spent time at Verteuil . The English agronomist Arthur Young in his account of a Journey to France in 1787 gave a detailed and flattering description of Verteuil , praising the agricultural improvements and the life of the population .
French Revolution
At the time of the outbreak of the French Revolution ( 1789–99 ) there were excellent relations between the La Rochefoucauld family and the people of Verteuil . According to Marquis de Amodio , nothing might have happened to the château if it had not been for Ruffec 's Committee of Public Safety and the Convention member Gilbert Romme , who is credited with burning most of the archives at Verteuil and thirty portraits .
A fire accident occurred in 1793 that destroyed the large gallery that connected the chapel to the north tower , and the west face of the large central tower was seriously damaged . The fire spread along the roofs and turrets of the northwest wing , and the upper part of the north tower was also burned . The chapel was sacked , and the flames destroyed its facade and part of its north wall . The crypt was not damaged . Most of the floors and fireplaces in the château and all the doors , windows and woodwork were irreparably destroyed .
Later years
After the Revolution the senior branch of the Rochefoucauld family regained possession . The château was renovated in the first half of the 19th century . The work was undertaken by the La Villéons in the romantic style that accompanied the Bourbon Restoration after 1815 . They added decorations to the windows and made false arrow slots , added two towers to the south facade , added a flamboyant balustrade and dormer windows , and made changes to part of the chapel .
During the Second French Empire ( 1852–70 ) further changes were made , mainly to the interior . Hippolyte de La Rochefoucauld ( 1804–63 ) , who had been minister plenipotentiary in Germany and Florence , brought a fine collection of furniture and 18th-century Venetian glass chandeliers when he retired . He restored the great stone staircase . Influenced by Eugène Viollet-le-Duc he decided to transform the large East tower into a library . He blocked up the old openings and pierced large new windows in the old walls .
He commissioned a copy of the statue by Didier Début on the facade of the Hôtel de Ville , Paris of the author of the Maximes .
During World War II ( 1939–45 ) the château housed French troops and refugees from Alsace-Lorraine in 1940 .
For several months it was partially occupied by some German units . In 1944 some members of the maquis were hidden there .
Various extremely interesting archaeological finds have been made since the war .
Research started by Count Gabriel de La Rochefoucauld , which had been interrupted by the war , uncovered a buried part of the castle dating to the 12th and 13th centuries , including the room that housed the drawbridge mechanism .
A 12th-century stairway was discovered that led down to a lower chapel from the 11th century , in excellent condition , whose existence was completely unknown before 1958 . Various other traces of the early buildings have been found .
The château was listed as a monument historique on 31 March 1966 , with the facades , roofs and substructure protected .
The site was completely protected on 4 April 2017 as it was believed that the château , the interior courtyard and the land to the north may hold archaeological remains .
Architecture
Exterior
The present château with its five conical towers and watchtower capped by slate roofs began to be built in the 15th century , and was altered and extended several times since then . A park was built in the 19th century through which a wide driveway brought visitors to the main building . This is based on a central square tower with a pyramidal roof .
The square keep is the main remaining part of the medieval structure .
The present building is designed on a triangular plan . The large tower at the tip of the triangle is the medieval gatehouse , from which wings extend on either side . An isolated tower that now has the library on two floors divides the curtain wall on the east .
The buildings in the southeast were scarcely affected by the 19th-century restoration apart from the chapel . Many of the walls of the 12th-century tower have survived , partly rebuilt in the 15th century , and there are traces of a Romanesque chapel . The park was redesigned in the 19th century , enclosed in dry stone walls with several entrances . These have since been removed , as have the luxuriant gardens of the 18th century . Some traces remain in the form of boxwood , some alleys , the pools on the two terraces and the rockery .
Interior
An inventory was made in 1728 after the death of Duke Francois VIII .
The library contained 1,069 works .
The master bedroom included an elegant bed with sumptuous fittings of violet velvet embroidered in gold and silver , armchairs upholstered in the same velvet , a large Turkish rug in an alcove , a walnut table and other items .
The architect Frantz Jourdain renovated the interior of the 14th-century tower as a library for the Rochefoucault family in 1893 . He designed it as a `` chapelle intellectuelle '' to display memorabilia of the famous author . Adrien Karbowsky contributed decorative murals to the room .
Hippolyte 's son , Count Aimery de La Rochefoucauld continued to collect the souvenirs of his ancestors , turning the château into a sort of family museum . He redecorated the chapel and added stained glass windows .
The Hunt of the Unicorn tapestries
Seven of The Hunt of the Unicorn tapestries were recorded in a 1680 inventory of the Paris possessions of Duke Francois VI . From various symbolic motifs , the tapestries seem to have been made to celebrate a marriage , probably that of Anne of Brittany ( 1477–1514 ) and Louis XII of France ( 1462–1515 ) . The royal arms of Louis and Anne would have once decorated the sky in most of the tapestries .
The 1728 inventory recorded five of The Hunt of the Unicorn tapestries hanging in the château 's master bedroom . The tapestries , which were then well over two hundred years old , were almost half worn out . Two more of the tapestries were in `` a large lower hall near the chapel , presently serving as a storage place for furniture '' . They were described as `` two pieces of tapestry of the Unicorn , torn in various places '' .
During the French Revolution , Ruffec 's Comité de Surveillance ruled that the old tapestries of the château could be preserved , since they bore no royal insignia . It seems that the insignia had been cut out so the tapestries would not be destroyed by the mob when the château was looted in 1793 . They were taken by peasants who used them to protect their potatoes from freezing and to cover their espalier trees .
Count Hippolyte rediscovered the Unicorn tapestries of the château in the 1850s , being used by a peasant to cover vegetables in his barn . After being restored they were hung in a salon of the château in 1856 . Xavier Barbier de Montault saw the tapestries at Verteuil in the 1880s and said that , although `` somewhat restored , [ they ] are of a freshness and of an incomparable grace '' .
In 1923 , the tapestries were sold to John D. Rockefeller Jr. and shipped to New York , where they are now on display in The Cloisters medieval galleries .
Gallery
See also
List of castles in France
References
Sources
Châteaux in Charente
Castles in Nouvelle-Aquitaine
Monuments historiques of Charente
Digital Living Network Alliance ( DLNA ; originally named Digital Home Working Group , DHWG ) was founded by a group of PC and consumer electronics companies in June 2003 ( with Intel in the lead role ) to develop and promote a set of interoperability guidelines for sharing digital media among multimedia devices under the auspices of a certification standard . DLNA certified devices include smartphones , tablets , PCs , TV sets and storage servers .
The group published its first set of guidelines in June 2004 . The guidelines incorporate several existing public standards , including Universal Plug and Play ( UPnP ) for media management and device discovery and control , and widely used digital media formats and wired and wireless networking standards .
DLNA worked with cable , satellite , and telecom service providers to provide link protection on each end of the data transfer . The extra layer of digital rights management ( DRM ) security allows broadcast operators to communicate digital media to certain devices ( e.g. , to those of their customers ) in such a manner that further , unauthorized , communication of the media is difficult . In March 2014 , DLNA publicly released the VidiPath Guidelines , originally called `` DLNA CVP-2 Guidelines . '' VidiPath enables consumers to view subscription TV content on a wide variety of devices including televisions , tablets , phones , Blu-ray players , set-top boxes ( STBs ) , personal computers ( PCs ) and game consoles without any additional intermediate devices from the service provider .
By September 2014 over 25,000 different device models had obtained `` DLNA Certified '' status , indicated by a logo on their packaging and confirming their interoperability with other devices . In June 2015 the organization claimed membership of `` more than 200 companies '' .
On January 5 , 2017 , DLNA announced that `` the organization has fulfilled its mission and will dissolve as a non-profit trade association . '' Its certification program continues to be conducted by SpireSpark International of Portland , Oregon .
History
Intel established the DLNA along with Sony and Microsoft in June 2003 as the Digital Home Working Group , changing its name 12 months later , when the first set of guidelines for DLNA was published . Home Networked Device Interoperability Guidelines v1.5 was published in March 2006 and expanded in October of the same year ; the changes included the addition of two new product categories — printers , and mobile devices — as well as an `` increase of DLNA Device Classes from two to twelve '' and an increase in supported user scenarios related to the new product categories .
Specification
The DLNA Certified Device Classes are separated as follows :
Home network devices
Digital Media Server ( DMS ) : store content and make it available to networked digital media players ( DMP ) and digital media renderers ( DMR ) . Examples include PCs and network-attached storage ( NAS ) devices .
Digital Media Player ( DMP ) : find content on digital media servers ( DMS ) and provide playback and rendering capabilities . Examples include TVs , stereos and home theaters , wireless monitors and game consoles .
Digital Media Renderer ( DMR ) : play content as instructed by a digital media controller ( DMC ) , which will find content from a digital media server ( DMS ) . Examples include TVs , audio/video receivers , video displays and remote speakers for music . It is possible for a single device ( e.g . TV , A/V receiver , etc . ) to function both as a DMR ( receives `` pushed '' content from DMS ) and DMP ( `` pulls '' content from DMS ) .
Digital Media Controller ( DMC ) : find content on digital media servers ( DMS ) and instruct digital media renderers ( DMR ) to play the content . Content does not stream from or through the DMC . Examples include tablet computers , Wi-Fi enabled digital cameras and smartphones .
Generally , digital media players ( DMP ) and digital media controllers ( DMC ) with print capability can print to DMPr . Examples include networked photo printers and networked all-in-one printers .
Mobile handheld devices
Mobile Digital Media Server ( M-DMS ) : store content and make it available to wired/wireless networked mobile digital media players ( M-DMP ) , and digital media renderers . Examples include mobile phones and portable music players .
Mobile Digital Media Player ( M-DMP ) : find and play content on a digital media server ( DMS ) or mobile digital media server ( M-DMS ) . Examples include mobile phones and mobile media tablets designed for viewing multimedia content .
Mobile Digital Media Uploader ( M-DMU ) : send ( upload ) content to a digital media server ( DMS ) or mobile digital media server ( M-DMS ) . Examples include digital cameras and mobile phones .
Mobile Digital Media Downloader ( M-DMD ) : find and store ( download ) content from a digital media server ( DMS ) or mobile digital media server ( M-DMS ) . Examples include portable music players and mobile phones .
Mobile Digital Media Controller ( M-DMC ) : find content on a digital media server ( DMS ) or mobile digital media server ( M-DMS ) and send it to digital media renderers ( DMR ) . Examples include personal digital assistants ( PDAs ) and mobile phones .
Home infrastructure devices
Mobile Network Connectivity Function ( M-NCF ) : provide a bridge between mobile handheld device network connectivity and home network connectivity .
Media Interoperability Unit ( MIU ) : provide content transformation between required media formats for home network and mobile handheld devices .
The specification uses DTCP-IP as `` link protection '' for copyright-protected commercial content between one device to another .
DLNA guideline versions
1.0 : released June 2004 ; 2 volumes : Architecture & Protocols , Media Formats ; 2 Device Classes : DMP , DMS ; About 50 media format profiles
1.5 : released March 2006 ; 3 volumes : Architecture & Protocols , Media Formats , and Link Protection ; 12 Devices Classes and 5 Device Capabilities ; About 250 media format profiles
2.0 : released August 2015 ; Includes topics like EPG , Content Sync , RUI , WPS , Media Formats , Scheduled recording , DRM
3.0 : released August 2015 ; enhanced response time , improved power efficiency , HEVC support
4.0 : released June 2016 ; solves the `` media format not supported '' problem between PCs , TVs and mobile devices while supporting Ultra HD TV content streaming
Member companies
DLNA dissolved in 2017 . In November 2015 there were 13 promoter members and 171 contributor members . The promoter members were :
Arris , AwoX , Broadcom , CableLabs , Comcast , Dolby Laboratories , Intel , LG Electronics , Panasonic , Samsung Electronics , Sony Electronics , Time Warner Cable , and Verizon .
The board of directors oversaw the activity of the four following committees :
Ecosystem Committee , planning the future development of DLNA guidelines
Compliance & Test Committee , overseeing the certification program and its evolutions
Marketing Communication Advisory Council , actively promoting DLNA worldwide
Technical Committee , writing the DLNA guidelines
Products supporting DLNA
DLNA-certified devices
In 2014 over 25,000 DLNA-certified products were available , up from 9,000 in 2011 . This includes TVs , DVD and Blu-ray players , games consoles , digital media players , photo frames , cameras , NAS devices , PCs , mobile handsets , and more . According to a 2013 study from Parks Associates , nearly 3 billion products were expected to be on the market in 2014 , increasing to over 7 billion by 2018 . DLNA certification of devices can be determined by a DLNA logo on the device , or by verifying certification through the DLNA Product Search .
Manufacturers can seek certification testing from a DLNA-Accredited Independent Certification Vendor .
DLNA technology components
As the past president of DLNA pointed out to the Register in March 2009 :
DLNA Interoperability Guidelines allow manufacturers to participate in the growing marketplace of networked devices and are separated into the following sections of key technology components :
Network and Connectivity
Device and Service Discovery and Control
Media Format and Transport Model
Media Management , Distribution and Control
Digital Rights Management and Content Protection
Manageability
DLNA-certified software
In 2005 , DLNA began a software certification program in order to make it easier for consumers to share their digital media across a broader range of products . DLNA is certifying software that is sold directly to consumers through retailers , websites and mobile application stores . With DLNA certified software , consumers can upgrade products from within their home networks that may not be DLNA certified and bring them into their personal DLNA ecosystems . This helps in bringing content such as videos , photos and music stored on DLNA certified devices to a larger selection of consumer electronics , mobile and PC products .
See also
UPnP ( Universal Plug and Play ) AV standards
Consumer Electronics Control ( CEC ) ( lets audio/video equipment cooperate through HDMI connections . )
Devices Profile for Web Services
DigiOn
Digital Rights Management
Digital Transmission Content Protection
List of UPnP AV media servers and clients
Comparison of UPnP AV media servers
Miracast
WiFi Direct
Wireless HDMI
References
External links
.
Technology trade associations
Open standards
Digital television
Digital audio
Consumer electronics
Non-profit organizations based in Oregon
2003 establishments in Oregon
Computer companies established in 2003
Computer companies disestablished in 2017
Delia Vaccarello ( 7 October 1960 - 27 September 2019 ) was an Italian journalist and writer , as well as an activist for LGBT rights . She conducted lectures regarding journalism in Bologna and Urbino , and edited columns in the national periodical press related to anti-discrimination issues . A self-declared lesbian , in 2005 , she collaborated on a project in the municipality of Venice for citizen education regarding homophobia . For Arnoldo Mondadori Editore , she curated a multi-volume anthology on love between women , the Principesse azzurre ( `` Blue Princesses '' ) .
Biography
Delia Vaccarello was born in Palermo , 7 October 1960 . She graduated from Sapienza University of Rome with a degree in philosophy writing her thesis on cultural anthropology .
Since 1990 , Vaccarello was associated with the newspaper L'Unità , first , as an employee and , later , as a freelancer . For L'Unità , she edited the page `` Uno , due , tre… liberi tutti '' ( `` One , two , three ... free everyone '' ) . She also collaborated with the weekly Il Salvagente for which she edited the column `` Il Salvagiovani '' . From 2010 , she was affiliated with Il Fatto Quotidiano , and from May 2013 , with the Huffington Post .
In addition to her writing , Vaccarello conducted seminars at the journalism schools in Bologna and Urbino , for which she developed an unpublished course of studies entitled `` Media and Prejudices '' , the latter referring in particular to sexual orientation . From 29 August to 8 September 2007 , she was a member of the jury of the first Queer Lion Award at the 64th Venice International Film Festival .
A cancer patient since 2013 , Vaccarello died in Palermo on September 27 , 2019 .
Selected works
Author
Gli svergognati : vite di gay , lesbiche , trans… storie di tutti , Milan , La Tartaruga , 2003 , .
L'amore secondo noi : ragazzi e ragazze alla ricerca dell'identità , Milan , Mondadori , 2005 , .
Sciò ! : giovani , bugie , identità , Milan , Mondadori , 2007 , .
Quando si ama si deve partire , Milan , Mondadori , 2008 , .
Evviva la neve , Milan , Mondadori , 2010 , .
Editor
References
1960 births
2019 deaths
20th-century Italian journalists
21st-century Italian journalists
21st-century Italian writers
21st-century Italian women writers
LGBT rights activists from Italy
LGBT writers from Italy
LGBT history in Italy
Journalists from Palermo
Deaths from cancer in Sicily
Sapienza University of Rome alumni
Lesbian writers
20th-century Italian women
21st-century LGBT people
Tadeusz Blauth ( born 1 July 1939 ) is a Polish former basketball player . He competed in the men 's tournament at the 1964 Summer Olympics .
References
1939 births
Living people
Polish men 's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of Poland
Basketball players at the 1964 Summer Olympics
Basketball players from Warsaw
Ryan Keith Dorsey ( born July 19 , 1983 ) is an American actor , known for playing Earl on Justified and Duquesne “ Dime Bag ” Baker on Ray Donovan . His personal life , particularly his marriage to Naya Rivera , has garnered significant media attention .
Early life
Ryan Keith Dorsey was born in the small coal mining town of Chesapeake , near Charleston , West Virginia , on July 19 , 1983 . After attending middle school in West Virginia , he moved to Charlotte , North Carolina , for high school . He said that he decided to move to Charlotte , where his mother lived , because he felt that in a bigger city he would have more sporting opportunities . However , he returned to West Virginia and joined Riverside High School when it became consolidated . He had not intended this , but received a head injury while visiting his father on Thanksgiving ; subsequent medical treatments in his hometown kept him there . He became interested in acting during his senior year of high school after a football injury prevented him from playing and he was encouraged to join theatre ; his high school theatre program was run by a professional Hollywood actor taking time off . Dorsey studied theatre at Western Carolina University , with plans to join their football team , but dropped out and moved to New York City during his freshman year , enrolling at the New York Conservatory for Dramatic Arts .
Career
Dorsey began acting professionally shortly after moving to New York , working primarily in television , taking his first roles in 2013 on Southland and Parks and Recreation . He is mainly known for his recurring role as Earl on Justified in 2015 , and then Duquesne “ Dime Bag ” Baker on Ray Donovan in 2017 , and his other appearances include recurring roles on Pitch , Bosch , Yellowstone , Runaways , Stumptown , The Vampire Diaries and Nashville .
He was originally contracted for a three episode arc on Justified , before being bumped to five and then ten episodes of the thirteen-episode season . On Pitch he portrayed Tommy Miller , a member of the baseball team who objects to a woman joining the team , and he played Blake in the second season of Yellowstone . His debut feature film role came in 2016 's Blood Father , a French film in the English language starring Mel Gibson , with Dorsey in a small role as the drug dealer Shamrock . In January 2021 , Dorsey was added to the cast of the ABC drama Big Sky as recurring character Rand Kleinsasser .
Personal life
Dorsey met actress Naya Rivera in 2010 , and they briefly dated before splitting because , as Dorsey 's father described it , Dorsey was `` a playboy . '' Rivera revealed in a 2016 memoir that she had an abortion in 2010 , shortly after splitting from Dorsey , due to the fact that her career was taking off with her successful role on Glee . In 2011 , Cosmopolitan '' named Dorsey West Virginia 's most eligible bachelor .
Rivera and Dorsey got together again in 2014 after her split from rapper Big Sean , which is when she told him about the abortion ; she said that he was supportive and respectful when she did . Dorsey and Rivera married in Cabo San Lucas , Mexico , on Dorsey 's birthday , July 19 , 2014 ; they did not announce the engagement or wedding until several days later on July 23 . In February 2015 , the couple announced that they were expecting their first child , and their son , Josey Hollis , was born on September 17 , 2015 . Josey was being raised by his mother as bilingual in Spanish and English , due to her multi-racial heritage .
In November 2016 , Rivera filed for divorce after two years of marriage , but called off the separation in October 2017 . Over Thanksgiving 2017 , Rivera was arrested and charged in Kanawha County , West Virginia , with misdemeanor domestic battery against Dorsey after she allegedly hit him in the head during an altercation over their child , and was picked up from the courthouse by Dorsey 's father . She subsequently refiled for divorce in December 2017 , and in January 2018 the domestic battery charge was dismissed at the request of Dorsey , who `` notified both the prosecution and the defense counsel that he was no longer seeking prosecution and has confirmed he was never at any time injured by the conduct of Ms . Rivera . '' On June 14 , 2018 , Rivera and Dorsey finalized their divorce , sharing joint custody of Josey , with both waiving rights to child support . The joint custody agreement was modified in March 2020 , giving Rivera primary custody while stipulating Dorsey `` be afforded frequent and meaningful custodial contact . '' After Rivera 's death in July 2020 , Dorsey obtained sole custody . In November 2020 , he brought a wrongful death lawsuit regarding Rivera , on behalf of Josey .
References
External links
1983 births
Male actors from West Virginia
Living people
People from Kanawha County , West Virginia
21st-century American male actors
American male television actors
Wells Andrews Hutchins ( October 8 , 1818 – January 25 , 1895 ) was an American lawyer and politician who served as a U.S. Representative from Ohio during the American Civil War .
Early life and education
Born in Hartford , Ohio , Hutchins was a first cousin to future congressman John Hutchins . He attended public schools and then taught school . He later studied law and was admitted to the bar in 1841 . He commenced practice in Warren , Ohio .
Career
In 1842 , Hutchins moved to Portsmouth , Ohio , where he served as a member of the State house of representatives in 1852 and 1853 . He was a Whig while in Portsmouth . He was the city solicitor from 1857 to 1861 . He was an unsuccessful candidate in 1860 to the Thirty-seventh Congress . During the early part of the Civil War , he was the United States provost marshal for the state of Ohio in 1862 .
Congress
Hutchins was elected as a Democrat to the Thirty-eighth Congress ( March 4 , 1863 – March 3 , 1865 ) . A War Democrat , he supported Abraham Lincoln 's agenda at critical moments . Hutchins called the proclamation Lincoln issued on September 15 , 1863 under the authority of the Habeas Corpus Suspension Act of 1863 `` necessary '' in order to defeat the rebellion . He was one of only 16 Democrats in the House of Representatives who joined with the Republicans and voted to ratify the Thirteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution on January 31 , 1865 . That amendment abolished slavery in the United States . By doing so , he became one of a group who had `` defied their party discipline , and had deliberately and with unfaltering faith marched to their political death '' , according to abolitionist Congressman James Mitchell Ashley .
He was an unsuccessful candidate in 1864 for reelection to the Thirty-ninth Congress , and again in 1880 to the Forty-seventh Congress .
Later career and death
Hutchins resumed the practice of law in Portsmouth and died there January 25 , 1895 . He was interred in Greenlawn Cemetery . He died of kidney disease .
On February 23 , 1843 , Hutchins married Cornelia Robinson of Portsmouth .
Legacy
A Congressman loosely based on him is portrayed by actor Walton Goggins in the 2012 film Lincoln .
Notes
References
External links
Retrieved on 2009-04-29
1818 births
1895 deaths
People from Trumbull County , Ohio
People from Portsmouth , Ohio
Ohio lawyers
Ohio Whigs
People of Ohio in the American Civil War
Members of the Ohio House of Representatives
Deaths from kidney disease
19th-century American politicians
19th-century American lawyers
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Legacies of War , is a fiscally sponsored project of NEO Philanthropy , Inc ( NEO ) , dedicated to raising awareness about the history of the Vietnam War-era bombing in Laos and advocate for the clearance of unexploded bombs , ( UXO ) and survivor assistance , to provide space for healing the wounds of war , and to create greater hope for a future of peace .
Organization
From 1964 to 1973 , the U.S. dropped over 2 million tons of ordnance over Laos in 580,000 bombing missions , the equivalent of one planeload every 8 minutes , 24 hours a day , for 9 years . As a result , Laos became the most heavily bombed country , per capita , in history , with about 30 percent of the cluster munitions failing to detonate , diminishing the chance of development in Laos .
Legacies ' primary goals are to :
Raise awareness in the U.S. and broader international community about Laos and the legacies of the Vietnam War-era bombing .
Advocate for increased U.S. and international support for the clearance of unexploded ordnance in Laos and greater assistance to victims and survivors .
Engage communities in the U.S. through discussions of peace and security issues by using the lessons learned from the war in Laos to stimulate dialogue .
Strengthen the capacity of Laotian-Americans to advocate on issues of concern to their communities .
Funding
Legacies is a fiscally-sponsored project of NEO Philanthropy , a New York-based nonprofit organization that funds a variety of organizations that share a vision of a society that ensures justice , dignity and opportunity for all people .
Legacy receives funding from the contributions of individuals , foundations and corporate supporters . Legacy does not receive any government funding . The government funding which Legacies advocate for goes to on-the-ground organizations such as The HALO Trust , Mines Advisory Group ( MAG ) , Health Leadership International , World Education , and others .
Leadership
Sera Koulabdara serves as the current executive director of Legacies of War . Prior to this role , Koulabdara was a long-time volunteer and served on Legacies ' board in multiple leadership positions , including vice-chair of the board of directors .
A graduate of Ohio State University with a B.A . in international finance and marketing , Koulabdara began her nonprofit career with The United Way of Central Ohio , where she served as senior relationship manager for four years . In this role , she acted as a philanthropic thought partner and trusted advisor to major central Ohio corporations . Koulabdara also has tenure working at national non-profits like the American Heart Association , the Make-A-Wish Foundation , and the Crohn 's & Colitis Foundation . Koulabdara first launched her career in Lommel , Belgium , as an international business consultant , completing projects in over 10 countries , including Kuwait , Ghana , and South Africa . While in Botswana , Koulabdara volunteered with the Clinton Foundation .
Koulabdara is joined by a board of directors based across the United States . Serving as chair of the board of directors is Alexandra Hiniker , a lifelong advocate for humanitarian demining projects in Laos .
Additionally , Legacies is assisted by committed volunteers , an honorary committee that features three former U.S. ambassadors to Laos , and a broad international advisory committee which includes artists , writers , poets laureate , professors , and executive directors .
Channapha Khamvongsa is the founder and executive director of Legacies of War . Previously , she worked at the Ford Foundation and Public Interest Projects , focusing on immigrant and refugee rights , global civil society , civic engagement , capacity building and transformational leadership . She was previously appointed to the Seattle Women 's Commission and served on the boards of the Refugee Women 's Alliance and Conference on Asian Pacific American Leadership ( CAPAL ) .
History
Following the end of the war in 1975 , Lao villagers were left on their own to deal with the UXO in their fields and gardens . In 1994 , the Mennonite Central Committee initiated a humanitarian demining program with private funding , in collaboration with the Lao government and the Mines Advisory Group . The national Lao demining group , UXO Lao , was formed in 1996 . The U.S. and other governments began to support the demining efforts , with U.S. contributions averaging $ 2.5- $ 3.0 million a year , far below the estimated amount required to properly address the problem .
In 2004 , while working at the Ford Foundation , Khamvongsa was approached by John Cavanagh , the executive director of the Institute for Policy Studies and grantee of the Ford Foundation . Cavanagh informed Khamvongsa of the Secret War and gave her a collection of drawings created by survivors of the bombings in Laos . It was through these drawings that Khamvongsa was inspired to found Legacies of War .
On April 22 , 2010 , Legacies ' executive director , Channapha Khamvongsa , testified at a House of Representatives hearing entitled “ Legacies of War : Unexploded Ordnance in Laos ” before the Subcommittee on Asia , the Pacific and the Global Environment ( Committee on Foreign Affairs ) , led by Representative Eni F.H . Faleomavaega ( D-AS ) . The hearing was held exactly 39 years to the day after a Senate hearing , chaired by Senator Edward M. Kennedy , helped to expose the U.S. secret bombing of Laos and shed light on the destruction of the land as well as the displacement of hundreds of thousands of Lao refugees .
During the summer of 2010 , Legacies coordinated a letter from the past five U.S. ambassadors to Laos calling on Secretary of State Hillary Clinton to “ significantly increase funding for the removal of unexploded ordnance left behind in Laos during the Vietnam War. ” The letter was signed by the following former ambassadors : Theresa A. Tull , Charles B. Salmon , Jr. , Victor L. Tomseth , Wendy J. Chamberlin , and Douglas A. Hartwick , who collectively served in Laos between 1983 and 2004 . They endorsed Legacies ' recommendation that the U.S. commit $ 10 million annually over the next ten years for UXO removal in Laos .
In November 2010 , Legacies participated in the First Meeting of States Parties to the Convention on Cluster Munitions , hosted in Vientiane by the Lao government . Signatory countries to the 2008 Convention on Cluster Munitions decided on a plan of action to be used by all states to complete the legal obligations of the treaty , including support for clearance , stockpile destruction and victim assistance .
Legacies ' 2010 advocacy efforts led to a doubling of U.S. funding for cluster bomb clearance in Laos from $ 2.7 million in 2009 to $ 5 million , which was , at the time , the largest annual amount the U.S. had ever provided .
The following year , Legacies advocates met with key allies in the House and Senate , including Senator Patrick Leahy ( D-VT ) , to urge for higher funding for UXO removal in Laos from the original request of $ 5 million . As a result , Congress appropriated $ 9 million for the clearance of UXO in Laos during fiscal year 2012 , tripling the UXO budget for Laos from 2006 .
In 2012 , Legacies played a significant role in ensuring that Secretary of State Hillary Clinton 's visit to Laos , the first visit of a U.S. Secretary of State to Laos in 57 years , would include a strong focus on unexploded ordnance . Legacies proactively reached out to key journalists traveling with Clinton , resulting in unprecedented media coverage of the UXO sector in Laos as well as a successful request of $ 10 million for fiscal year 2013 from the U.S. Government .
In 2013 , Legacies launched its Voices from Laos Speaker tour . The tour , which stopped in twelve different cities , sought to generate dialogue about the impact of the UXO issue in Laos with the goal of raising awareness , inspiration , and funding for the cause . The speakers included Thoummy Silamphan , accident survivor and executive director of a Lao survivor assistance nonprofit ; and Manixia Thor , a mother and deputy leader of an all-women 's bomb clearance team .
On April 4 , 2013 , Legacies held a voice from Laos event at the United Nations ( UN ) headquarters in New York , NY , followed by a panel in collaboration with the United Nations Development Programme ( UNDP ) and the Lao PDR . Legacies also secured $ 12 million for fiscal year 2014 , with bill language noting a U.S. commitment to support a multi-year strategy for UXO clearance in Southeast Asia and the Pacific islands , where such ordnance was dropped by the United States .
2014 marked the ten-year anniversary of Legacies of War and the 50th anniversary of the start of US bombing in Laos . The U.S. committed to spending $ 12 million in fiscal year 2014 for UXO clearance , victim assistance , and risk education in Laos . The amount represented the largest annual spending at that time by the U.S. to support various groups in Laos .
In March 2015 — the fiscal year during which U.S. funding reached $ 15 million — Legacies and then-executive director Khamvongsa were featured in the International New York Times for Legacies ' work on UXO and the increase of funding for UXO clearance by the U.S. government . In the article , CSIS expert Murray Hiebert cited Legacies of War as the impetus for the funding increase .
In February 2016 , Secretary of State John Kerry visited Laos , only the second such visit by a US Secretary of State since John Foster Dulles in 1955 . On the trip , Kerry addressed the U.S. obligation to address the UXO issue in Laos . Around the time of his visit , Legacies worked with congressional allies to secure an unprecedented $ 19.5 million in funding for fiscal year 2016 .
During the summer of 2016 , in anticipation of U.S. President Barack Obama 's September visit to Laos for the ASEAN summit , Legacies ran a campaign to raise awareness surrounding the UXO issue . Obama 's visit was the first by a sitting U.S. president to Laos . While speaking in Laos , Obama directly acknowledged Khamvongsa for her work to “ fix this problem. ” In the same speech , Obama made a pledge to increase annual U.S. funding to $ 30 million for fiscal years 2016 , 2017 , and 2018 , respectively , for the cleanup of UXO in Laos .
In 2017 , Legacies of War successfully helped to pass the second installment of $ 30 million that Obama had pledged in 2016 . This funding is currently being used for ongoing bomb clearance , victim assistance , and risk education , as well as to conduct a countrywide survey of unexploded ordnance in Laos . The installment was passed with bipartisan support , particularly from Wisconsin Congressman Sean Duffy and Minnesota Congresswoman Betty McCollum .
Programs
National Traveling Exhibition
The National Traveling Exhibition features illustrations drawn in 1971 in Laos by the survivors of the U.S. bombing , archival and contemporary photographs , original recorded interviews and documentary films depicting the lives of those affected by the bombing and their impact on the Laotian diaspora . The full exhibit includes 30 original historic drawings , a narrated video of the drawings , a display of Laotian artifacts , a community healing arts project , a collection of oral histories from bombing survivors , contemporary photos of surviving victims from renowned photographer Phil Borges , and interactive displays that show the dangers of unexploded cluster munitions . In 2007 , Legacies premiered the full exhibition in Massachusetts .
A Peaceful Legacy : Campaign to Remove Bombs from Laos
Legacy has built a platform for its broader advocacy efforts through the A Peaceful Legacy campaign as well as its active membership in the International Campaign to Ban Landmines and the Cluster Munitions Coalition ( CMC ) . A Peaceful Legacy is a petition campaign , launched by Legacies , to educate the American public and encourage their support for increased U.S. assistance to Laos .
Panel Discussions , Film Screenings , Performances
Legacy supports community screenings of award-winning films , such as Bombies , Bomb Harvest , and The Betrayal ( Nerakhoon ) . The organization also organizes panel discussions and oral histories , bringing together bombing survivors , war veterans and peace activists from the Laotian-American and other communities . Refugee Nation features live performances of theatre , dance and poetry based on oral histories collected from Laotian community members .
Our Shared Journey
In its effort to create a space for healing for people who have suffered from the trauma of war and refugee , Legacies created Our Shared Journey – an exhibit piece that connects individual stories ( refugees , veterans , community members ) to the broader human experience and political context of war . Legacies also formulates and sponsors a school curriculum about the war in Southeast Asia through history , writing and art lessons , which has been instituted in many schools in Minnesota .
Thip Khao Talk Series
To bring together the international Legacies community , Legacies created the Thip Khao Talk , a series of virtual events streamed on Facebook Live that invites leaders in academia , public policy , and the community to speak on topics relating to the process of recognizing the history of the Vietnam War-era , healing from its wounds , and creating hope for the future . The concept of the talk was derived from the U.S. tradition of “ brown bag ” lunches , an informal seminar where one would bring a bagged lunch and hold a conversation with a guest attendee over lunch . The Laotian version of a “ brown bag ” is the “ Thip Khao ” container , used to carry sticky rice and a staple at every meal .
See also
Laotian Civil War
Vietnam War
References
External links
http : //legaciesofwar.org/
Organizations based in Washington , D.C .
History of Laos
The 2004 season of the Bhutanese A-Division was the tenth recorded season of top-flight football in Bhutan . The league was won by Transport United , their first title . Transport United were Bhutan 's representatives in the 2005 AFC President 's Cup .
References
Bhutan A-Division seasons
Bhutan
Bhutan
1
Kayacık may refer to :
People
Oya Kayacık ( 1938–2020 ) , Turkish nurse
Places in Turkey
Kayacık , Adıyaman
Kayacık , Amasya
Kayacık , Çavdır
Kayacık , Ezine
Kayacık , İliç
Kayacık , Kestel
Kayacık , Kulp
Kayacık , Yapraklı
Kayacık Dam
The Japan Bowl ( in Japanese , ジャパンボウル ) was a post-season college football all-star game played in Japan each January from 1976 to 1993 , which showcased East and West all-star teams made up of college football players from the United States .
History
The first game was played in 1976 in Tokyo , to a crowd of 68,000 spectators . After being played at National Stadium for four years , the game moved to Yokohama in 1980 , where it was played at Yokohama Stadium through 1991 . The final two game were held at Tokyo Dome in 1992 and 1993 .
From 1983 through 1989 , the game was sponsored by Ricoh and was known as the Ricoh Japan Bowl .
The bowl featured various famous participants , including Heisman Trophy winners Bo Jackson and Ty Detmer , who both received MVP awards . College Football Hall of Fame coach Lou Holtz led the East team in the 1976 game , and Super Bowl XLIV champion Mark Brunell won the final MVP award in 1993 .
The 1977 game featured California quarterback Joe Roth , who was fighting a battle with melanoma . The Japan Bowl ended up being the final football game of Roth 's career ; he died just a month after the game in February at the age of 21 .
Several unrelated football games have been informally referred to as the `` Japan Bowl '' , such as the 1993 Coca-Cola Classic , the 1994 Ivy Bowl , and some of the NFL 's American Bowl games .
Game results
The West team won 11 games , while the East team won 7 games .
NCAA records and contemporary news reports sometimes cite different game dates , likely due to differing time zones .
NCAA records incorrectly list all games as having been played in Yokohama .
MVPs
Following the 1977 appearance of Joe Roth – an All-American quarterback from Cal who was suffering from melanoma , which would lead to his death weeks after playing in the game – the game 's MVP recognition was given as the Joe Roth Memorial Award . The trophy is topped by Roth 's helmet . The first recipient was Jimmy Cefalo of Penn State in 1978 .
See also
List of college bowl games
References
External links
Joe Roth at the 1977 Japan Bowl
American football in Japan
College football all-star games
Annual sporting events in Japan
Defunct college football bowls
1976 establishments in Japan
1993 disestablishments in Japan
Recurring sporting events established in 1976
Recurring sporting events disestablished in 1993
Lesbian , gay , bisexual , and transgender ( LGBT ) rights in the British Crown dependency of Jersey have evolved significantly since the early 1990s . Same-sex sexual activity was decriminalised in 1990 . Since then , LGBT people have been given many more rights equal to that of heterosexuals , such as an equal age of consent ( 2006 ) , the right to change legal gender for transgender people ( 2010 ) , the right to enter into civil partnerships ( 2012 ) , the right to adopt children ( 2012 ) and very broad anti-discrimination and legal protections on the basis of `` sexual orientation , gender reassignment and intersex status '' ( 2015 ) . Jersey is the only British territory that explicitly includes `` intersex status '' within anti-discrimination laws . Same-sex marriage has been legal in Jersey since 1 July 2018 .
The status of LGBT rights is similar to that of the United Kingdom and the other two Crown dependencies ( the Isle of Man and Guernsey ) . Societal acceptance of homosexuality and same-sex relationships is high . Jersey organised its first public LGBT event in July 2014 , when hundreds of participants gathered in Saint Helier to call for the legalisation of same-sex marriage .
Law regarding same-sex sexual activity
Prior to 1990 , same-sex sexual activity was a criminal offence . The age of consent was lowered from 21 to 18 in 1995 , exactly one year after the United Kingdom lowered the age of consent to 18 . The age of consent has been equal at 16 since 2006 .
Recognition of same-sex relationships
Jersey allows same-sex couples to enter into civil partnerships or marriages .
Civil partnerships
On 20 October 2009 , the States of Jersey ( Parliament ) voted in favour of civil partnerships `` in principle '' . The vote was 48 in favour , 1 against and 4 abstaining . Legislation allowing for civil partnerships was approved on 12 July 2011 . The bill was signed by Queen Elizabeth II on 14 December 2011 and registered by the royal court on 6 January 2012 . The law took effect on 2 April 2012 . It also allows same-sex couples to register their civil partnership in churches , if the church in question chooses to do so .
In March 2022 , a bill passed the States of Jersey that allows heterosexual couples to enter civil partnerships - not just same-sex couples . It is expected to go into effect from January 1 , 2023 .
Marriage
The States made an in-principle agreement to legalise same-sex marriage on 22 September 2015 , voting 37–4 . Legislation to bring the law into effect was introduced in October 2017 . Though delayed on several occasions , the same-sex marriage legislation was approved by the States on 1 February 2018 , by a vote of 43–1 . The bill received royal assent 23 May 2018 , and went into effect on 1 July 2018 . The first couple married shortly thereafter , on 9 July .
Adoption and parenting
Both joint and stepchild adoption have been legal since 2012 , when the civil partnership law came into effect .
Additionally , lesbian couples can access artificial insemination .
On 23 June 2015 , the States of Jersey agreed to bring about changes in their adoption laws , called the Adoption ( Amendment No . 7 ) ( Jersey ) Law 2015 , to grant unmarried couples full adoption rights . Previously , only married couples and couples in civil partnerships were allowed to apply to adopt children . The law came into effect on 16 October 2015 .
Discrimination protections
On 2 June 2015 , Jersey passed the Discrimination ( Sex and Related Characteristics ) ( Jersey ) Regulations 2015 , protecting LGBT and intersex people from discrimination . The legislation was approved on third reading by 37 members voting in favour , 1 abstention and 11 absences , and went into effect on 1 September 2015 .
Gender identity and expression
Transgender people are allowed to change their legal gender and to have their new gender recognised as a result of the Gender Recognition ( Jersey ) Law 2010 .
Additionally , transgender people are fully protected through anti-discrimination laws .
Blood donation
Gay and bisexual men have been allowed to donate blood , provided they have n't had sex in a year , since 2011 . In March 2019 , it was confirmed that the 12 month criterion is under review , following the introduction of more advanced blood testing technology . In December 2019 , it was revealed that this review would not take place until 2021 at the earliest .
In June 2021 , it is proposed that the Channel Islands will be implementing the `` UK-model on risk based assessments '' of blood donation . It is not clear on when the policy goes into effect yet .
Local charities working for LGBT rights
Liberate is the only organisation in the Channel Islands that represents the local LGBT community and other minority groups . It was established in Guernsey in February 2014 and in Jersey in August 2014 . The Jersey branch lobbied to ensure that intersex people were included in Jersey 's Discrimination ( Sex and Related Characteristics ) ( Jersey ) Regulations 2015 and campaigning to legalise same-sex marriage .
Summary table
See also
Politics of Jersey
LGBT rights in Guernsey
LGBT rights in the United Kingdom
LGBT rights in Europe
Age of consent in Europe
References
Albin Lagergren ( born 11 September 1992 ) is a Swedish handball player for Rhein-Neckar Löwen and the Swedish national team .
He participated at the 2017 World Men 's Handball Championship .
References
External links
1992 births
Living people
Swedish male handball players
People from Varberg
Redbergslids IK players
IFK Kristianstad players
Expatriate handball players
Swedish expatriate sportspeople in Germany
Handball-Bundesliga players
SC Magdeburg players
Rhein-Neckar Löwen players
Handball players at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Handball players at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Olympic handball players of Sweden
Sportspeople from Halland County
Antonio James Murray ( born 15 September 1984 ) is an English professional footballer who plays in Australia for Wynnum Wolves . He formerly played for Ipswich Town and Hibernian , amongst others .
Club career
As a youngster he played for the Chelsea youth team while studying at school before moving to Ipswich Town as a trainee . His league debut for Ipswich came on 4 May 2003 when he was a late substitute for Tommy Miller in Ipswich 's 4–1 away to Derby County . He signed a new two-year deal with Ipswich in July 2003 .
He left Ipswich to join Hibernian on a free transfer in January 2005 to replace the departing Craig Rocastle . He was initially on a six-month contract , but in March 2005 signed a new two and a half-year deal with Hibs . His spell with Hibs was disrupted by injury , and he made only 13 appearances before being released at the end of the 2005–06 season .
In July 2006 he was on trial with Wycombe Wanderers , but he signed for Conference South side Histon in August 2006 . He had trouble breaking into the first team at Histon in the opening months of the 2006–07 season , but later went on a scoring spree of scoring seven goals in nine games to help Histon to the top of the league , and into Steve Fallon 's starting eleven . Histon were promoted to the Conference National at the end of that season for the first time in their history .
It was confirmed in May 2009 that Murray was being released by Histon on their official homepage , to make him a free-agent . In August 2009 , Murray joined Conference South outfit Chelmsford City . Murray signed for Cambridge United on 1 February 2010 , for the remainder of the season , but after failing to impress , including a red card on his debut , he was released by manager Martin Ling at the end of the season . He then re-signed for former club Histon before moving to Australia to trial for the Queensland A-League club , Brisbane Roar in 2011 . Undone by a groin injury , Murray signed for current National Premier Leagues Queensland club , Brisbane City FC .
In 2013 , he scored 27 goals from 21 games earning him the golden boot award for highest goal scorer in the league .
International career
Born in England , Murray is also eligible to play for Scotland through his Scottish father , Jamie , who played professionally for Cambridge United , Sunderland and Brentford , or for Italy , through his Italian mother . He was called up to the England C squad for an International Challenge Cup game against Italy on 12 November 2008 .
References
External links
1984 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Cambridge
English people of Scottish descent
English footballers
Ipswich Town F.C . players
Hibernian F.C . players
Histon F.C . players
Chelmsford City F.C . players
Cambridge United F.C . players
English Football League players
Scottish Premier League players
National League ( English football ) players
Brisbane City FC players
English expatriate footballers
English expatriate sportspeople in Australia
Expatriate soccer players in Australia
Association football forwards
The 1985 USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships took place between June 15–17 at IUPUI Track and Soccer Stadium on the campus of Indiana University-Purdue University Indianapolis in Indianapolis , Indiana . The meet was organized by The Athletics Congress . The decathlon and heptathlon were held the two days after the main meet . Marathon National Championships were held at the California International Marathon in December .
The most notable event at this meet was Willie Banks ' world record in the triple jump . The jump occurred almost by accident as the always exuberant Banks took his attempt and rushed out of the pit in order to cheer for his Athletics West teammate Louise Romo , who was finishing her 800 meters race .
Results
Men track events
Men field events
Women track events
Women field events
See also
United States Olympic Trials ( track and field )
References
Results from T & FN
results
USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships
Usa Outdoor Track And Field Championships , 1985
Track and field
Track and field in Indiana
Outdoor Track and Field Championships
Outdoor Track and Field Championships
Sports in Indiana
Octahydrotriborate is the boron hydride B3H8− . It forms a variety of salts that are colorless and air-stable . The tetrabutylammonium salt is soluble in organic solvents such as acetonitrile and methylene chloride . The anion is an intermediate is the synthesis of various higher boron hydrides , such as pentaborane ( 9 ) . B3H8− can be viewed as the conjugate base of triborane B3H9 .
Preparation
Octahydrotriborate is prepared by partial oxidation of borohydride with iodine or boron trifluoride :
3BH4− + I2 → B3H8− + 2H2 + 2I−
5BH4− + 4BF3O ( C2H5 ) 2 → 2B3H8− + 2H2 + 4O ( C2H5 ) 2 + 3BF4−
Structure and reactions
As shown by X-ray crystallography of various salts , B3H8− consists of an distorted triangle of three BH2 vertices . Two edges of the triangle are occupied by bridging hydrides .
It is converted to the bromide B3H7Br− using HBr ( illustrating its hydridic character ) :
B3H8− + HBr → B3H7Br− + H2
Pyrolysis of this bromide gives pentaborane ( 9 ) .
5 B3H7Br− → 3 B5H9 + 5 Br− + 4 H2
Also consistent with its basicity , B3H8_ functions as a bidentate ligand in a variety of coordination complexes , e.g . Cr ( B3H8 ) 2 .
References
Borohydrides
John D. Cummins ( 1791 – September 11 , 1849 ) was an American lawyer and politician who served as a U.S. Representative from Ohio for two terms from 1845 to 1849 .
Life and career
Born in Pennsylvania in 1791 , Cummins attended the public schools , and was graduated from Jefferson College , Canonsburg , Pennsylvania , in 1834 .
He studied law .
He was admitted to the bar and commenced practice in New Philadelphia , Ohio .
He served as prosecuting attorney of Tuscarawas County from 1836 to 1841 .
Congress
Cummins was elected as a Democrat to the Twenty-ninth and Thirtieth Congresses ( March 4 , 1845 – March 3 , 1849 ) .
Death
He died in Milwaukee , Wisconsin , while attending a session of the circuit court , September 11 , 1849 .
References
1849 deaths
People from New Philadelphia , Ohio
County district attorneys in Ohio
Washington & Jefferson College alumni
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
1791 births
19th-century American politicians
The Czech Republic women 's national basketball team represents the Czech Republic in international women 's basketball . Their biggest success so far is the gold medal at the EuroBasket 2005 . Czech Republic are one of the newest national basketball teams in the world , having split from the Czechoslovakia women 's national basketball team after the dissolution of the unified state in 1993 , with the Slovakia women 's national basketball team continuing as the successor of the Czechoslovak team .
Competition record
Current roster
Roster for the EuroBasket Women 2021 .
See also
Czechoslovakia women 's national basketball team
Basketball in the Czech Republic
References
External links
Czech Republic at FIBA site
Czech Republic National Team – Women at Eurobasket.com
Women 's national basketball teams
Mick Pikos ( born 21 June 1954 ) is an Australian former wrestler who competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics and in the 1996 Summer Olympics .
References
External links
1954 births
Living people
Greek emigrants to Australia
Olympic wrestlers of Australia
Wrestlers at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Wrestlers at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Commonwealth Games silver medallists for Australia
Wrestlers at the 1978 Commonwealth Games
Australian male sport wrestlers
Commonwealth Games medallists in wrestling
Edward Montague Hawtrey ( 10 October 1847 – 14 August 1916 ) was an English first-class cricketer and schoolmaster .
The son of The Reverend John Hawtrey , he was born at Windsor in October 1847 . He was educated at Eton College , before going up to St John 's College , Cambridge . He was active in athletics while at Cambridge and was a member of the Cambridge University Athletics Club , for which he served a president in 1872 . Hawtrey competed in the 3 mile race university race in 1872 , in which he finished in a dead heat in 15 minutes 44 seconds with Oxford 's Robin Benson . He gained athletics blues in 1870 , 1871 and 1872 . After graduating from Cambridge he became the headmaster of Hawtreys in 1873 ( which had been founded by his father in 1869 ) , overseeing the schools move to Westgate-on-Sea in 1883 . He later played first-class cricket for the Marylebone Cricket Club , making two appearances against Hampshire in 1880 and Somerset in 1882 . He struggled as a batsman , scoring just one run across four innings ' , while as a bowler he took 2 wickets . Hawtrey was headmaster at Hawtreys until his death at Westgate in August 1916 . His brother was the footballer and FA Cup winner John Hawtrey , while his youngest brother was the actor Charles Hawtrey .
References
External links
1847 births
1916 deaths
People from Windsor , Berkshire
People educated at Eton College
Alumni of St John 's College , Cambridge
Schoolteachers from Berkshire
Heads of schools in England
English cricketers
Marylebone Cricket Club cricketers
Jakub Kolář ( born June 15 , 1992 ) is a Czech former professional ice hockey defenceman . He played seven games with HC Sparta Praha in the Czech Extraliga during the 2010–11 Czech Extraliga season .
References
External links
1992 births
Living people
Czech ice hockey defencemen
IHC Písek players
HC Kobra Praha players
HC Sparta Praha players
HC Stadion Litoměřice players
Ansara is a surname . Notable people with the surname include :
Alice Ansara , Australian actress and dramaturg , daughter of Martha
Martha Ansara ( born 1942 ) , Australian film director , screenwriter , and cinematographer
Michael Ansara ( 1922–2013 ) , Syrian-born American actor and voice actor
Oude Kerk ( Dutch : `` Old Church '' ) may refer to :
Oude Kerk ( Amsterdam )
Oude Kerk ( Delft )
See also
Old Church ( disambiguation )
Carlos Alberto Caserio ( born 25 May 1950 ) is an Argentine politician , who was a National Senator for Córdoba Province from 2015 to 2021 and a National Deputy from 2013 to 2015 . A member of the Justicialist Party , Caserio formed part of the Union for Córdoba regional alliance from 1998 to 2019 . In the Senate , he sat with the Frente de Todos parliamentary bloc from 2019 to 2021 .
Caserio served in a number of posts in the Córdoba provincial government under José Manuel de la Sota and Juan Schiaretti .
Early and personal life
Caserio was born on 25 May 1950 in Buenos Aires . He began his political activism in the Peronist Left , and in 1978 , he moved with his family to Valle Hermoso , a small town in the Punilla Department of Córdoba Province .
He is married to Alicia Narducci and has two children , Mariana and Hernán . His brother , Jorge Caserio , is also active in politics and served as mayor of Valle Hermoso .
Political career
During the 1990s , Caserio was director of the Rio II petrochemical plant and director of the National Administration of Health Insurance , and was elected to the provincial senate of Córdoba Province before its disestablishment with the adoption of a new provincial constitution . From 1998 to 1999 , he was undersecretary of commerce and food in the Ministry of Agriculture , during the presidency of Carlos Menem .
In 1999 , following the election of José Manuel de la Sota as governor of Córdoba , Caserio was appointed minister of public works . He held the position until 2003 . In the 2003 legislative election , he was elected to the Argentine Chamber of Deputies on the Union for Córdoba list . In 2007 , following the end of his mandate as deputy , Caserio was appointed Minister of Government of Córdoba by governor Juan Schiaretti , serving until 2011 .
National Senator
In the 2015 general election , Caserio was the first Union for Córdoba candidate to the National Senate . With 21.11 % of the vote , the Union for Córdoba list was the second-most voted alliance in the province , granting Caserio the seat for the minority as per the limited voting system used for the Argentine upper house . He was sworn in on 3 December 2015 .
While he originally remained in a single-member bloc ( nominally representing Union for Córdoba ) , following the 2017 legislative election Caserio joined the Argentina Federal bloc led by Miguel Ángel Pichetto . Following the 2019 general election , most sectors of the peronist movement unified into the Frente de Todos , of which Caserio formed part . Caserio resigned from his post as president of the Córdoba Justicialist Party over disagreements with governor Schiaretti regarding the Frente de Todos and the decision by the Córdoba PJ to remain outside it .
As senator , Caserio formed part of the parliamentary commissions on Agriculture , National Defense , Regional Economies and Small Businesses , Tourism , Population and Human Development , and Internal Security , and he presided the commission on Budgets and Finances . He was a supporter of the legalization of abortion in Argentina , voting in favour the two Voluntary Interruption of Pregnancy bill debated by the Argentine Congress in 2018 and 2020 .
Caserio stood for re-election in 2021 as the first candidate in the Frente de Todos list , alongside deputy Gabriela Estévez . The Frente de Todos list received merely 10.47 % of the votes , and landed third , losing the seat for the minority . Caserio 's term expired on 10 December 2021 .
References
External links
1950 births
Living people
Justicialist Party politicians
Politicians from Buenos Aires
People from Córdoba Province , Argentina
Members of the Argentine Senate for Córdoba
Members of the Argentine Chamber of Deputies elected in Córdoba
20th-century Argentine politicians
21st-century Argentine politicians
Joab Cornelius Mhlangenqaba Mzamane ( 10 October 1920 – 14 March 1989 ) was an agriculturalist and father of Bishop Sitembele Mzamane .
Life and work
Joab was born in Ngxaza , Tsolo , Eastern Cape in 1920 . His mother was Martha Mzizi and his father was Shadrach Mzamane who was an Anglican voluntary preacher .
Joab worked for most of his career around the Eastern Cape and contributed to the plantation of numerous forests in the Transkei area . He is most noted for the study of a `` New approach to veld management . '' Ulimo Nemfuyo .
References
1920 births
1989 deaths
Homaledra heptathalama , the exclamation moth or palm leaf housemaker , is a moth in the family Pterolonchidae . It was described by August Busck in 1900 . It is found in the United States , where it has been recorded from Alabama , Florida and South Carolina .
Taxonomy
It was first described in 1900 by August Busck using specimens from Palm Beach , Florida . It was included in the family Coleophoridae by Ron Hodges in 1983 . Hodges then moved it to the subfamily Batrachedrinae of the Batrachedridae in 1999 . In 2014 , a cladistic analysis performed by Heikkilä et al. , made them decide it was necessary to reclassify the genus in the family Pterolonchidae .
References
Natural History Museum Lepidoptera generic names catalog
Pterolonchidae
Moths described in 1900
Newman College may refer to :
Newman University College ( Birmingham )
Newman College , Perth - A private Catholic school in Churchlands , Perth
Newman College ( University of Melbourne )
Newman College , Thodupuzha
Newman Catholic College - a secondary school in London , England
Newman College , Dublin - is a now closed , for profit private college in Dublin , Ireland
See also
Newman University ( disambiguation )
Başkənd may refer to :
Artsvashen , Armenia ( a.k.a . Başkənd in Azerbaijani )
Başkənd , Kalbajar , Azerbaijan
Başkənd , Khojali , Azerbaijan
Başkənd , Nakhchivan , Azerbaijan
See also
Bashkend ( disambiguation )
Başköy ( disambiguation )
Polycarboxylates are linear polymers with a high molecular mass ( Mr ≤ 100 000 ) and with many carboxylate groups . They are polymers of acrylic acid or copolymers of acrylic acid and maleic acid . The polymer is used as the sodium salt ( see : sodium polyacrylate ) .
Use
Polycarboxylates are used as builders in detergents . Their high chelating power , even at low concentrations , reduces deposits on the laundry and inhibits the crystal growth of calcite .
Polycarboxylate ethers ( PCE ) are used as superplasticizers in concrete production .
Safety
Polycarboxylates are poorly biodegradable but have a low ecotoxicity . In the sewage treatment plant , the polymer remains largely in the sludge and is separated from the wastewater .
Polyamino acids like polyaspartic acid and polyglutamic acid have better biodegradability but lower chelating performance than polyacrylates . They are also less stable towards heat and alkali . Since they contain nitrogen , they contribute to eutrophication .
References
Polymers
Salts and esters of carboxylic acids
Alexandru Ionuț Vodă ( born 22 July 1998 ) is a Romanian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder . Vodă made his debut at senior level for CS Pandurii Târgu Jiu , in the Liga II .
References
External links
Alexandru Vodă at lpf.ro
1998 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Craiova
Romanian footballers
Association football midfielders
Liga I players
FC Hermannstadt players
Liga II players
CS Pandurii Târgu Jiu players
CSC 1599 Șelimbăr players
Balranald Shire is a local government area in the Riverina area of western New South Wales , Australia on the Sturt Highway . It is the location of World Heritage listed Mungo National Park . It includes the towns of Balranald and Euston . Other localities in the Shire include Kyalite , Hatfield , Penarie , Clare and Oxley .
As of 29 January 2020 , the Balranald Shire Council Mayor and elected members were dismissed by NSW local government minister Shelley Hancock , after the recommendations of the report of commissioner Roslyn McCulloch . Mike Colreavy has been appointed the administrator until local council elections in 2024 .
Demographics
Council
Current composition and election method
The Balranald Shire Council is currently under administration , as of 29 January 2020 . NSW local government minister Shelley Hancock accepted the recommendations of the report created by commissioner Roslyn McCulloch .
Local Government Minister Shelley Hancock accepted the recommendation from the independent commissioner of the public inquiry to dismiss the council 's mayor and councillors and appoint an administrator to address financial and structural issues .
The report , which has been tabled in Parliament , found :
• The council has failed to command the confidence of its community
• Councillors have failed to appreciate the need for sound and consistent financial principles , with division among councillors affecting decision making ;
• An absence of understanding by councillors of the importance of transparency in decision making , including inappropriate closure of council meetings ;
• The council has failed to act as a responsible employer , particularly regarding the interaction between councillors and council staff , resulting in the loss of valuable personnel ; and
• The council has failed to comply with its obligations as Reserve Trust Manager under the Crown Lands Act in relation to Balranald Caravan Park .
`` I have not taken the decision to dismiss the council lightly '' , Mrs Hancock said .
`` The ratepayers of Balranald Shire deserve a strong council that is representing the best interests of the community .
`` I have accepted the recommendation by Commissioner Roslyn McCulloch to dismiss the elected representatives and appoint an administrator to perform the role of the mayor and councillors until 2024 .
`` This course of action will provide the best possible way to strengthen the operation , performance and sustainability of the council and ensure it is serving the best interests of the local community '' .
Mike Colreavy has been appointed administrator of Balranald Shire Council . Mr Colreavy has 37 years ' experience in the local government sector at metropolitan , regional and rural councils including holding various general manager positions .
Localities
References
External links
Local government areas of the Riverina
The 2019 Europe Top 16 Cup ( also referred to as the 2019 CCB Europe Top 16 Cup for sponsorship reasons ) was a table tennis competition held from 2–3 February in Montreux , Switzerland , organised under the authority of the European Table Tennis Union ( ETTU ) . It was the 48th edition of the event , and the fourth time that it had been held in Switzerland .
Events were held in men 's singles and women 's singles , and the three medallists in each event qualified for the 2019 Men 's and Women 's World Cups .
Medallists
Qualification
In total , 16 players qualified for both the men 's and women 's singles :
The current European Champion
The 14 highest-ranked players in December 2018 , excluding the European Champion
A host association representative
A maximum of two players from each association could qualify .
Men 's singles
Seeding
Players were seeded according to the European ranking for February 2019 .
Draw
Women 's singles
Seeding
Players were seeded according to the European ranking for February 2019 .
Draw
See also
2019 ITTF-ATTU Asian Cup
2019 ITTF Pan-America Cup
2019 ITTF-Oceania Cup
References
External links
Official website
ITTF website
Europe Top 16 Cup
Europe Top 16 Cup
Europe Top 16 Cup
Table tennis competitions in Switzerland
International sports competitions hosted by Switzerland
Sport in Montreux
Europe Top 16 Cup
Theodora was a Roman martyr . The little we know about her life is attributed to the Acta of Pope St. Alexander . She was the sister of St. Hermes , to whom she had given aid and care during his difficult time in prison . She was martyred some time after her brother , in 120 . The siblings were later buried side by side on the Salarian road outside of Rome .
Notes
External links
Colonnade Statue in St Peter 's Square
120 deaths
Saints from Roman Greece
2nd-century Christian martyrs
2nd-century Romans
Year of birth unknown
Ante-Nicene Christian female saints
April Gornik ( born 1953 , Cleveland , Ohio ) is an American artist who paints American landscapes . Her realist yet dreamlike paintings and drawings embody oppositions and speak to America 's historically conflicted relationship with nature . While she does n't categorize herself as an environmental artist , she is a passionate supporter of environmental causes and has said , `` I have no problem with people reading an ecological message into my work . ''
Biography
Gornik received in 1976 her B.F.A . from the Nova Scotia College of Art and Design ( now called NSCAD University ) , and while attending the school she met her future husband , painter Eric Fischl .
Art dealer Ed Thorp hosted her first solo exhibition in 1981 , after having caught sight of her paintings while viewing Fischl 's work . She is influenced by the feminist consciousness-raising of the late 20th century and , in speaking about female artists who have worked in the shadows of better known male artists , including Elaine de Kooning and Lee Krasner , she has said , `` It 's a problem . Women artists still receive lower prices for their art and remain less shown than their male counterparts . ''
In 2014 , FigureGround Press published the monograph April Gornik : Drawings , an extensive look at charcoal drawings done since the mid 1980s . The book includes essays by Steve Martin and Archie Rand , an interview with Lawrence Weschler , and a digital download of a piano and cello composition by composer Bruce Wolosoff , played by Wolosoff and Sara Sant'Ambrogio of the Eroica Trio .
Gornik has remained committed to helping her community and making a difference , Gornik and her husband invested in 26 acres of land in which they donated in 2017 to the town of North Haven to preserve land . She also adds her funds to the Southampton Animal Shelter as well as being involved with the Eastville Historical Society .
Collections
Various permanent art collections include Gornik 's work , including : Smithsonian American Art Museum , Metropolitan Museum of Art ( the Met ) , the Museum of Modern Art ( MoMA ) , Hood Museum of Art , Whitney Museum of American Art , Nasher Museum of Art , The Museum of Fine Arts , and many others .
Two of her paintings , Virga ( 1992 ) and Storm and Fires ( 1990 ) are held in the Smithsonian American Art Museum collection . In 2007 , the Smithsonian Art Collectors Program commissioned Gornik to produce a print to benefit the educational and cultural programs of the Smithsonian Associates . The lithograph , entitled Blue Moonlight hangs in the ongoing exhibition Graphic Eloquence in the S. Dillon Ripley Center in the National Mall , Washington , D.C .
Awards
Gornik has received several awards : the Neuberger Museum of Art Annual Honoree ( 2004 ) , the 18th annual Lifetime Achievement in the Arts Honoree ( 2003 ) by the Guild Hall of East Hampton , and the Award of Excellence for Artistic Contributions to the Fight Against AIDS from the American Foundation for AIDS Research ( amfAR ) .
Bibliography
Kuspit , Donald . April Gornik : Paintings and Drawings . San Francisco : Neuberger Museum and Hudson Hills Press , 2006 .
References
External links
April Gornik interviewed by Robert Ayers , May 2009
Gornik 's Blue Moonlight , The Smithsonian Art Collectors Program
1953 births
Living people
Artists from Cleveland
NSCAD University alumni
American women painters
Painters from Ohio
20th-century American women artists
21st-century American women artists
In mathematics , Mahler 's inequality , named after Kurt Mahler , states that the geometric mean of the term-by-term sum of two finite sequences of positive numbers is greater than or equal to the sum of their two separate geometric means :
when xk , yk > 0 for all k .
Proof
By the inequality of arithmetic and geometric means , we have :
and
Hence ,
Clearing denominators then gives the desired result .
See also
Minkowski 's inequality
References
Minkowski inequality in the Encyclopedia of Mathematics
Inequalities
Articles containing proofs
The men 's 100 metre breaststroke competition of the swimming events at the 1973 World Aquatics Championships took place on September 4 .
Records
Prior to the competition , the existing world and championship records were as follows .
The following records were established during the competition :
Results
Heats
32 swimmers participated in 5 heats . The eight fastest times qualified for the final .
Final
The results of the final are below .
References
Breaststroke 0100 metre , men 's
World Aquatics Championships
Gay Life is a documentary television programme broadcast by London Weekend Television ( LWT ) in 1980 . It was produced by Michael Atwell at LWT 's London Minorities Unit , and was the United Kingdom 's first LGBT television series .
Production
Gay himself , Atwell said that the programme could claim to be `` the first time in the world that a major national TV company has given a whole series to gays '' . Three members of Gay Life production team were gay , and Attwell said the staff felt that they were `` in a sense trying to ride two horses – putting forward the gay viewpoint and relating to non-gay people '' . This was encapsulated for the production team by the slogan that the programme was `` For and about gays '' . Gay Life was broadcast late on a Sunday evening in the London region , and was first shown on 10 February 1980 at 11:30 pm . Notable contributors included comedian Graham Chapman , who spoke of his experience as a gay parent in the February 24 episode .
Reception
The debut episode was reviewed by John Russell Taylor in the following week 's issue of Gay News . In his essay `` Something for Everyone '' included in the critical theory book Queer TV : Theories , Histories , Politics , edited by Glyn Davis and Gary Needham , Gregory Woods wrote Taylor 's review had raised `` basic but crucial questions that would keep cropping up in relation to gay television programmes for the next two decades '' . Taylor 's questions concerned the visibility of men in drag and leather who because of their frequent appearances as representative of the gay community in news reports `` led the straight media to treat gayness as extraordinary , and therefore had to seek out vivid representatives of it in order to confirm their own per-constructed idea of it '' and also his belief that the programme may adopt divided aims in an attempt to appeal to both `` uncomprehending straights '' and its desire to `` preach to the converted '' .
Richard Ingrams negatively reviewed the 10 July 1981 episode of Gay Life as the television critic for The Spectator . In his column he wrote that `` I at last managed to catch up with the lesbians on Sunday , and about time too is all that I can say '' . The episode discussed artificial insemination of which Ingrams wrote that it was a `` far more satisfactory method in many lesbian eyes because one can ensure that the donor is a suitable person—presumably a Guardian-reading Gay . Various mournful specimens were wheeled on to hail this Brave New World . '' Ingrams further criticised Gay Life by saying :
and concluded by writing :
Episodes
Source :
References
External links
Gay Life at the British Film Institute
1980 British television series debuts
1981 British television series endings
1980s British LGBT-related television series
1980 in LGBT history
English-language television shows
London Weekend Television shows
Eyyvah Eyvah 3 is a 2014 Turkish comedy film starring Ata Demirer and Demet Akbağ . It was directed by Hakan Algül and is the third installment in the Eyyvah Eyvah film series .
Cast
Ata Demirer – Hüseyin Badem
Demet Akbağ – Firuzan
Özge Borak – Müjgan
Serra Yılmaz – Mercedes
Salih Kalyon – Halil
Tarık Ünlüoğlu – Edremit
Ayşe Nil Şamlıoğlu – Necla
Teoman Kumbaracıbaşı – İspanyol
Beyti Engin – Kasap
Cengiz Bozkurt
Şener Kökkaya
Tanju Tuncel
Meray Ülgen
Caner Alkaya
Şehsuvar Aktaş
Hazım Körmükçü
Hande Dane
Elif Erdoğan
Özkan Çınarlı
Murat Serezli
Kahraman Sivri
Selahattin Taşdöğen
Yeşim Ceren Bozoğlu
Naci Taşdöğen
Durul Bazan
Erkan Can
Onur Buldu
Onur Atilla
Selçuk Borak
Ergün Kuyucu
Cenk Tunalı
References
External links
2014 films
Turkish comedy films
2010s Turkish-language films
Turkish sequel films
Films set in Turkey
2014 comedy films
The 1967–68 season was FC Dinamo București 's 19th season in Divizia A. Dinamo wins for the third time the Romanian Cup . In the final , Dinamo defeats Rapid București after extra-time . In the championship , Dinamo finishes third , two points behind the first two teams , Steaua and FC Argeş .
Results
Romanian Cup final
Squad
Goalkeepers : Ilie Datcu , Spiridon Niculescu .
Defenders : Alexandru Boc , Ion Nunweiller , Cornel Popa , Lazăr Pârvu , Mircea Stoenescu , Constantin Ștefan .
Midfielders : Cornel Dinu , Vasile Gergely , Radu Nunweiller , Viorel Sălceanu .
Forwards : Florea Dumitrache , Ion Haidu , Mircea Lucescu , Nicolae Nagy , Ion Pîrcălab , Octavian Popescu , Iosif Varga .
Transfers
Mircea Lucescu returns after the loan to Politehnica București . Alexandru Boc is transferred from Petrolul Ploiesti . Lică Nunweiller , Gheorghe Ene and Daniel Ene are transferred to Dinamo Bacau , and Gheorghe Grozea is transferred to Petrolul .
References
www.labtof.ro
www.romaniansoccer.ro
1967
Association football clubs 1967–68 season
Dinamo
The NASA Standard Detonator ( NSD ) is a device used by NASA for applications where a charge must be detonated , usually in conjunction with frangible nuts as a release mechanism . NSDs have been used since the Gemini program , and were used for the Space Shuttle program , including the Solid Rocket Booster ( SRB ) separation from the External Tank , as well as the SRB Range Safety System . Chemring ( formerly Hi-Shear ) is the primary provider for the NSDs which were used on the Space Shuttle .
See also
NASA Standard Initiator
References
Detonators
NASA vehicles
Rocketry
Spacecraft pyrotechnics
Heterophoria is an eye condition in which the directions that the eyes are pointing at rest position , when not performing binocular fusion , are not the same as each other , or , `` not straight '' . This condition can be esophoria , where the eyes tend to cross inward in the absence of fusion ; exophoria , in which they diverge ; or hyperphoria , in which one eye points up or down relative to the other . Phorias are known as 'latent squint ' because the tendency of the eyes to deviate is kept latent by fusion . A person with two normal eyes has single vision ( usually ) because of the combined use of the sensory and motor systems . The motor system acts to point both eyes at the target of interest ; any offset is detected visually ( and the motor system corrects it ) . Heterophoria only occurs during dissociation of the left eye and right eye , when fusion of the eyes is absent . If you cover one eye ( e.g . with your hand ) you remove the sensory information about the eye 's position in the orbit . Without this , there is no stimulus to binocular fusion , and the eye will move to a position of `` rest '' . The difference between this position , and where it would be been the eye uncovered , is the heterophoria . The opposite of heterophoria , where the eyes are straight when relaxed and not fusing , is called orthophoria .
In contrast , fixation disparity is a very small deviation of the pointing directions of the eyes that is present while performing binocular fusion .
Heterophoria is usually asymptomatic . This is when it is said to be `` compensated '' . When fusional reserve is used to compensate for heterophoria , it is known as compensating vergence . In severe cases , when the heterophoria is not overcome by fusional vergence , sign and symptoms appear . This is called decompensated heterophoria .
Heterophoria may lead to squint , also known as strabismus .
Signs and symptoms
When the fusional vergence system can no longer hold back heterophoria , the phoria manifests . In this condition , the eyes deviate from the fixating position .
Cause
In order to understand how heterophoria occurs , we must understand of how the eye can maintain proper fixation with non aligned visual axis . Heterophoria is actually the misalignment of the visual axis of both eyes . In other words , one or both eyes are not properly fixated to an object of interest . However , we must know that the eyes have a fusional vergence system which corrects this misalignment .
Diagnosis
The cross-cover test , or alternating cover test is usually employed to detect heterophoria . One eye is covered , and then the cover is moved immediately over to the other eye . With heterophoria , when the cover is moved to the other eye , the eye that has just been uncovered can be seen to move from a deviated point . The difference between heterotropia and heterophoria can be easily understood as follows . With heterotropia , a correcting movement of the eye can be detected already by the simple cover test ; with heterophoria , such correcting movement only takes place in the cross-cover test . People with heterophoria are able to create and maintain binocular fusion through vergence , and the cross-cover test purposely breaks this fusion , making the latent misalignment visible .
Whereas the cross-cover test allows a qualitative assessment to be done , a quantitative assessment of latent eye position disorders can be done using the Lancaster red-green test .
Ernest Maddox studied different types of phoria extensively throughout his career . He developed the Maddox rod test and double Maddox rod test which are especially sensitive to deviations of the eye . The tests must be performed in low light conditions , with a dim point light source in an environment absent of specular surfaces . The test came under heavy criticism during WW1 for its lack of accuracy however it was discovered that operators had simply allowed too much light in the test room and had used a light source that was too bright . Even low levels of light stimulate fusion which is why it is imperative to perform the test with the minimum amount of light in order for the patient to observe a misalignment .
References
External links
Disorders of ocular muscles , binocular movement , accommodation and refraction
Her von welken Nächten is the third studio album by the Austrian band Dornenreich .
Track listing
`` Eigenwach '' – 6:44
`` Ich Bin Aus Mir '' – 6:13
`` Wer Hat Angst Vor Einsamkeit ? '' – 6:19
`` Grell Und Dunkel Strömt Das Leben '' – 5:00
`` Innerwille Ist Mein Docht '' – 5:51
`` Hier Weht Ein Moment '' – 6:30
`` Schwarz Schaut Tiefsten Lichterglanz '' – 7:29
`` Trauerbrandung '' – 6:17
`` Mein Publikum - Der Augenblick '' – 8:30
External links
Her von welken Nächten @ Encyclopaedia Metallum
2001 albums
Dornenreich albums
The British Racing Motors V8 was a four-stroke , naturally aspirated , , V-8 racing engine , designed , developed and built by British Racing Motors ( BRM ) to compete in Formula One racing ( although an enlarged version was used for sports car racing . It was built between 1962 and 1967 , and came in two versions ; the P56 , and the P60 .
Background
By the end of the season BRM had managed to build an engine designed by Peter Berthon and Aubrey Woods ( BRM P56 V8 ) ( 2.6975 x 2.0 in , 68.5 x 50.8 mm ) which was on a par with the Dino V6 used by Ferrari and the Coventry Climax V8 used by other British teams . However , the real change was the promotion by Owen of an engineer who had been with the team since 1950 ( originally on secondment from Rolls-Royce to look after the supercharging on the V16 ) , Tony Rudd , to the position of chief development engineer . Rudd was the first professional engineer to exercise full technical control over the team , and basic engineering and reliability problems which had plagued the team for years began to vanish . He was given greater responsibility in 1960 after two of the drivers , Graham Hill and Dan Gurney , went on strike and told Alfred Owen they would not drive again , and in early 1962 full executive authority was given to Tony Rudd . Raymond Mays and Peter Berthon were sidelined . The team had designed their first mid-engined car for 1960 , matching the other teams , and won the World Drivers ' Championship with Graham Hill as driver , in with the P57 . ( During 1962 , BRM also ran Lucas electronic ignition . ) During 1965 , at 11,000 rpm was the rated power . However at the high-speed 1965 Italian GP ( Monza ) an uprated version was raced with at 11,750 rpm for short bursts . A planned 4-valve-per-cylinder version in cooperation with Weslake Engineering never materialised .
As part of Owen 's attempt to make BRM pay its way , the V8 engine was sold to privateers and appeared in a number of other chassis during the 1.5 L formula , particularly in private Lotus chassis and in smaller marques such as BRP .
A number of privateers acquired 1961 and 1962 BRMs during this period , including Maurice Trintignant and Scuderia Centro Sud ; these cars continued to race for many years .
The monocoque BRM P261 V8 car was soon developed and these ran on through the 1.5-litre formula and performed useful service in the early races of the subsequent 3.0-litre formula . In 1965 Jackie Stewart was signed to partner Hill ; he took his first grand prix win at Monza in his debut season , and won the first world championship race of the new three-litre formula with a car fitted with a Tasman two-litre V8 ; once again BRM were not ready for the start of a new formula and the old cars continued to be used , even on occasion after the H16 was ready .
References
Formula One engines
1960s in motorsport
V8 engines
Koryan may refer to :
People
Koji Nishio , a Japanese Tetris player
Ruslan Koryan , an Armenian professional footballer
Arshak Koryan , a Russian professional footballer
St. Agnes Church is a Roman Catholic Parish church in Thunder Bay , Ontario . It was founded by the Society of Jesus in 1885 . It is situated in the centre of the city on the corner of Mary Street West and Brown Street .
History
Foundation
The parish started as The Church of the Nativity and St Agnes , it was staffed by Jesuits from their main centre , the Mission of the Immaculate Conception for the Fort William First Nation . The first priest for St. Agnes ' was Fr . Richard Baxter SJ . In 1887 , the newly created church was blessed by the Bishop of Peterborough , Thomas Dowling .
From 1907 to 1909 , the local population increased by 50 % , so the church size was expanded . A basement was added and a separate presbytery was built . Plans were drawn up for an elementary school and it was opened in 1910 .
Construction
On 24 May 1914 , a building permit was obtained for the construction of a permanent brick church . On 26 July 1914 , the foundation stone was laid by Bishop David Scollard , the first bishop of Diocese of Sault Sainte Marie . The church was completed on 15 January 1915 . One month later , the Jesuits handed administration of the church to the Diocese of Sault Sainte Marie .
Reconstruction
On 29 April 1952 , the Diocese of Fort William was created and the parish was part of the new diocese . On 26 February 1970 , it was renamed as the Diocese of Thunder Bay .
In July 1965 , the parish priest of thirty years , Monsignor A. J. Hogan , retired and the first bishop of the new diocese , Edward Jennings , invited the Missionary Oblates of Mary Immaculate to administer the parish . By 1969 , the parish had paid off the debt incurred from its construction , and funds began to be collected for the building a new larger church . In 1979 , a building committee was formed . By 1981 , $ 500,000 had been collected . The last Mass at the old church was celebrated on 31 May 1981 . On 6 June 1982 the new church was dedicated and opened .
In 1995 , the Missionary Oblates of Mary Immaculate handed over the church back to the Diocese of Thunder Bay who continue to serve the parish .
Parish
The church has four Sunday Masses . There is one at 5:00pm on Saturday evening , 9:00am and 11:00am on Sunday morning and at 7:00pm on Sunday evening . There are also weekday Masses at 7:00pm on Tuesday and at 12:10pm from Wednesday to Friday .
See also
Society of Jesus
Missionary Oblates of Mary Immaculate
Diocese of Thunder Bay
St. Andrew 's Church , Thunder Bay
St. Patrick 's Cathedral , Thunder Bay
Notes
Bibliography
Piovesana , Roy , Hope and Charity : Diocese of Thunder Bay , an Illustrated History ( Altona : Friesens , 2002 )
External links
St. Agnes Parish site
Roman Catholic churches in Thunder Bay
Roman Catholic churches in Ontario
Roman Catholic Diocese of Thunder Bay
Roman Catholic churches completed in 1982
1885 establishments in Canada
20th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in Canada
Daiji Morii ( born 4 August 1967 ) is a Japanese former professional tennis player .
Morii reached the best singles ranking of 446 on the professional tour , which included a qualifying draw appearance at the Wimbledon Championships . He was a singles quarter-finalist at the Réunion Island Challenger in 1993 , with wins over Éric Winogradsky and Mark Kaplan . His only ATP Tour main draw came in doubles at the 1996 Japan Open .
References
External links
1967 births
Living people
Japanese male tennis players
Kızılyaka is a village in the Altınyayla district of Burdur Province in Turkey .
References
Villages in Altınyayla District
Rijeka Crnojevića ( Montenegrin Cyrillic : Ријека Црнојевића , lit . `` River of Crnojević '' ) is a town in Montenegro on the eponymous Rijeka Crnojevića river , near the coast of Skadar lake .
History
The Ottomans captured Žabljak Crnojevića in 1478 after they defeated main army of Ivan Crnojević in late 1477 or early 1478 . Ivan moved his seat to Obod ( fortified by him in 1475 ) which was soon renamed to Rijeka Crnojevića , and became the new capital of Montenegro .
Rijeka Crnojevića was the historical seat of Riječka nahija , one of the four territorial units of Old Montenegro .
Demographics
See also
Crnojević printing house
Rijeka Crnojevića ( river )
Rijeka Crnojevića bridge
References
Populated places in Cetinje Municipality
Former national capitals
Former capitals of Montenegro
Onésime Reclus ( 22 September 1837 – 30 June 1916 ) was a French geographer who specialized in the relations between France and its colonies .
In 1880 he coined the term `` Francophonie '' as a means of classification of peoples of the world , being determined by the language they all
spoke . While this term did not appear in dictionaries until 1930 , it has become more important since the late 20th century as part of conceptual rethinking of cultures and geography .
Early life and education
Onésime was born as the middle of five sons of Jacques Reclus ( 1796–1882 ) , a Protestant minister , and his wife . His brothers also became notable in their fields . His family had moved to Orthez from Sainte-Foy-la-Grande , where at least one of his brothers was born . His next older and younger brothers both became geographers :
Élie Reclus ( 1827–1904 ) , journalist and political activist
Élisée Reclus ( 1830–1905 ) , award-winning geographer and anarchist
( 1843–1927 ) , geographer and explorer
Paul Reclus ( 1847–1914 ) , surgeon .
Career
Reclus became a geographer . He was particularly interested in France and its colonies , which was the subject of his first book , published in 1873 . By this time , France 's colonies in Africa were more important than those in the Caribbean , and it had lost or given up those in North America by the early 19th century . But its history of deep involvement in colonial development in North America continued to influence its politics .
From 1869 , Reclus was a member of the Société de Géographie . He was a contributor to the journal Tour du monde .
In 1880 Reclus coined the term `` Francophonie '' as a means of classification of peoples of the world who spoke the French language . He believed that people were connected by their language and culture , for instance , the continental French as well as French speakers in the Caribbean and Africa . While this term did not appear in dictionaries until 1930 , it has become more important since the late 20th century as part of conceptual rethinking by historians , geographers , anthropologists and others of cultures and geography . For instance , there has been study of the state of Louisiana , and especially the city of New Orleans , as places of strong French-language culture .
Reclus continued to be interested in issues related to France and its colonies , publishing a book on France and Algeria in 1886 .
Selected writings
Géographie de la France et de ses colonies , 1873
Géographie : La Terre à vol d'oiseau , 1877
France , Algérie et colonies , 1886
À la France : sites et monuments , 1900–1906
Lâchons l'Asie , prenons l'Afrique : Où renaître ? et comment durer ? , 1904
Atlas pittoresque de la France , recueil de vues géographiques et pittoresques de tous les départements , accompagnées de notices géographiques et de légendes explicatives , 1910–1912 .
Marriage and family
He married and had a family . One of their sons was the noted historian ( 1883–1972 ) .
References
French geographers
French Protestants
1916 deaths
People from Orthez
1837 births
19th-century French writers
20th-century French non-fiction writers
French male writers
Members of the Ligue de la patrie française
French people of the Franco-Prussian War
Onesime
The Battle of Ellendun or Battle of Wroughton was fought between Ecgberht of Wessex and Beornwulf of Mercia in September 825 . Sir Frank Stenton described it as `` one of the most decisive battles of English history '' . It effectively ended Mercian Supremacy over the southern kingdoms of Anglo-Saxon England and established West Saxon dominance in southern England .
Background
During the 8th century and early 9th centuries , the kings of Mercia exercised a fluctuating hegemony over the kingdoms of south-eastern England , imposing their overlordship and at times exercising direct rule . While Wessex had at times been obliged to recognise the overlordship of Æthelbald of Mercia , it appears to have escaped the dominance of the Mercians thereafter and was certainly not subject to the more intrusive forms of Mercian control imposed on other kingdoms .
Ecgberht 's father Ealhmund had been king of Kent in the 780s , which had brought his family into conflict with the ambitions of Offa of Mercia , who sought to impose direct rule on Kent . After his father 's death , Ecgberht was driven from England into exile by Offa , with the co-operation of Beorhtric of Wessex and his accession to the throne of Wessex on Beorhtric 's death in 802 was immediately followed by a violent clash with Mercia . However , the available sources reveal no further conflict between the two kingdoms before 825 .
Beornwulf seized the Mercian throne from Ceolwulf , who had in 821 succeeded on the death of his brother , the long-reigning and powerful Coenwulf . His attack on Wessex two years later may have been part of an effort to consolidate his own authority and reassert that of Mercia after this upheaval .
Beornwulf may also have been seeking to take advantage of Ecgberht 's preoccupation with warfare against the Britons of Cornwall . Ecgberht had devastated Cornish territory in 815 and in the autumn of 825 he was again campaigning against the Britons , at Gafulford .
Location
The Battle of Ellendun is thought to have taken place south of Swindon , in Wiltshire , but the exact site has not been determined . William Camden , in his 1610 gazetteer A Chronological description of the most flourishing Kingdomes , England , Scotland , and Ireland , suggests that the battle took place close to Wilton , just to the west of Salisbury . Charles Oman used geographical information and contemporary boundaries as evidence to suggest the battle occurred at Wroughton , which is south of Swindon . T. Spicer has suggested the battle took place on the grounds of what is now Lydiard Park , in Swindon .
Consequences
Ecgberht 's victory permanently transformed the political situation in south-eastern England . The king at once sent his son Æthelwulf with an army into the south-east . The West Saxons succeeded in conquering Sussex ( hitherto under direct Mercian rule ) , Kent , and Essex , which had been governed by sub-kings under Mercian overlordship . All of these territories were annexed to Wessex , roughly doubling the kingdom 's size .
Meanwhile , Beornwulf 's defeat emboldened the East Angles to revolt against Mercian rule and reassert their independence , in alliance with Wessex . Beornwulf fought the East Angles , but was defeated and killed . His successor Ludeca met the same fate the following year and East Anglian independence was successfully re-established .
Ecgberht 's power peaked in 829 , when he occupied Mercia and secured recognition of his supremacy by the Northumbrians , making him temporarily the overlord of all England . Mercian independence was restored in the following year by Wiglaf , who achieved a significant recovery of Mercian prestige and was even able to extend his power over Berkshire . The independence of East Anglia and the West Saxon conquest of the south-east proved irreversible and Mercia never regained the primacy it had enjoyed in the century before Ellendun .
Footnotes
References
Battles involving Mercia
Battles involving Wessex
Military history of Wiltshire
820s conflicts
825
9th century in England
Pyatt Hall is a concert hall on Seymour Street , Vancouver , Canada . It is a venue of the Vancouver Symphony Orchestra School of Music . The hall is specially designed for musical purposes with a gala-lifting flooring system and `` basalt stone and sound diffusing maple wood slats '' .
It has 130 seats for flat floor performance or lecture seating , 120 seats for raked performance or lecture seating , and 70 seats for catered events around tables .
References
Music venues in Vancouver
Craib is a surname . Notable people with the surname include :
Ian Craib ( 1945–2002 ) , British sociologist and psychotherapist
James Craib ( 1917–1994 ) , English cricketer
Mark Craib ( born 1970 ) , Scottish footballer
William Grant Craib ( 1882–1933 ) , British botanist
Joan Toralles was a Catalan author from Vic of a brief historical tract , the Noticiari ( `` Notices '' ) . It is little more than a list of names , dates , places , and events , probably compiled largely from memory , covering the years from 1365 to 1427 . The gossipy nature of the tract leads Martí de Riquer i Morera to label Toralles as a representative of the vox populi of the early fifteenth century in Catalonia . Despite the tract 's brevity , Toralles displays a wide knowledge of current events , shrewdness , and capacity for concision . That Toralles hailed from Vic is corroborated by his deep knowledge of the geography of Osona . It is possible that his Noticiar was composed by more than one person , judging by the long period of time it covers . He covers the earthquake that stuck Olot on 15 May 1427 like this :
Notes
Writers from Catalonia
Historians from Catalonia
Year of death unknown
Year of birth unknown
The Lukasashi River ( also spelled Lukusashi ) is a tributary of the Lunsemfwa River in Zambia . It flows through important game conservation areas along its course .
Its coordinates are 14°39 ' 0 '' S and 30°1 ' 0 '' E in DMS ( Degrees Minutes Seconds ) or -14.65 and 30.0167 ( in decimal degrees ) . Its UTM position is SJ77 and its Joint Operation Graphics reference is SD36-09 .
The standard time zone for Lukasashi River is UTC/GMT+2 .
References
Rivers of Zambia
http : //www.getamap.net/maps/zambia/zambia_ ( general ) /_lukasashiriver/
Albert Aguilà i Lalana ( born 9 August 1970 ) is a Spanish football manager and former player who played mainly as a forward . He is the current manager of UD Logroñés .
Playing career
Born in Almacelles , Lleida , Catalonia , Aguilà joined Real Madrid 's La Fábrica at the age of 14 . On 13 January 1988 , before even having appeared with the reserves , he made his first team debut by coming on as a late substitute for Paco Llorente in a 3–2 Copa del Rey away loss against CE Sabadell FC .
Aguilà made his La Liga debut on 18 June 1989 , replacing Bernd Schuster in a 3–1 away win over Elche CF . In June 1990 , after establishing himself as a regular for Castilla , he was loaned to CD Logroñés in the top tier .
In 1991 , Aguilà signed a permanent deal with CA Osasuna , also in the first division . After scoring a career-best seven goals during the 1992–93 campaign , he moved to UE Lleida in the same category , suffering relegation in his first season and subsequently struggling with injuries .
In January 1997 , after more than a year without playing , Aguilà signed for CF Gavà in Segunda División B . He moved to Tercera División side UD Barbastro in the summer , before returning to the third tier with CD Calahorra in 1998 .
In 2000 , Aguilà returned to the city of Logroño after agreeing to a contract with CD Recreación de La Rioja . He retired in the following year at the age of just 31 , after helping the side in their promotion to the fourth tier .
Coaching career
After retiring , Aguilà worked as a youth coach at Comillas CF and former side Osasuna before being appointed manager of SD Logroñés in the fourth tier on 13 February 2019 . He departed the side in May 2021 , after achieving two consecutive promotions ( to Segunda División B in 2020 and to the newly-created third tier named Primera División RFEF in 2021 ) .
On 27 December 2021 , Aguilà took over UD Logroñés ' reserves in Segunda División RFEF . The following 3 April , he replaced Mere at the helm of the main squad .
References
External links
1970 births
Living people
People from Segrià
Sportspeople from the Province of Lleida
Spanish footballers
Footballers from Catalonia
Association football forwards
La Liga players
Segunda División players
Segunda División B players
Tercera División players
Real Madrid Castilla footballers
Real Madrid CF players
CA Osasuna players
UE Lleida players
CF Gavà players
UD Barbastro players
CD Calahorra players
Spanish football managers
Primera Federación managers
Segunda División B managers
Segunda Federación managers
Tercera División managers
UD Logroñés managers
Blas , is an Irish-language magazine programme , broadcast each weeknight on BBC Radio Ulster , from 7.03 p.m .
Blas focuses on news and stories which are of interest to an Irish-speaking audience , including sport , arts and literature , politics and current affairs . The programme focuses mainly on news and stories from Northern Ireland , but also covers stories from Republic of Ireland , and the Gaelic-speaking areas of Scotland .
The programme is produced by BBC Gaeilge , and features a roster of presenters throughout the year . Main presenters are Fearghal Mag Uiginn , Máire Bhreathnach , Dáithí Ó Muirí and Caoimhe ‘ Chats ' Ní Chathail . Caoimhe ‘ Ceol ' Ní Chathail presents an hour-long programme 'Blas Ceoil ' on Friday evenings , which covers traditional and folk music , while Brian Mullen , one of the original presenters of Blas , presents Caschlár on Sunday evenings .
A weekly podcast is available to download on Fridays .
External links
Blas homepage
Blas Podcast
Radio programmes in Northern Ireland
Custom Cars & Cycles is the debut and only album by Miami-based hip-hop group Triple C 's . It was released October 27 , 2009 , by Maybach Music Group and Def Jam Recordings . The album features guest appearances by Birdman , Bun B , Gucci Mane , Young Jeezy , J.W. , the Game , Masspike Miles , Schife , Mack 10 , Warren G , Suede Royale , and Yo Gotti . The album sold 12,100 copies in its first week of release .
Track listing
Chart positions
References
2009 debut albums
Rick Ross albums
Triple C 's albums
Albums produced by Cool & Dre
Albums produced by Drumma Boy
Def Jam Recordings albums
Maybach Music Group albums
Catherine Eliza Somerville Stow ( 1 May 1856 – 27 March 1940 ) , who wrote as K. Langloh Parker , was a South Australian born writer who lived in northern New South Wales in the late nineteenth century . She is best known for recording the stories of the Ualarai around her . Her testimony is one of the best accounts of the beliefs and stories of an Aboriginal people in north-west New South Wales at that time . However , her accounts reflect European attitudes of the time .
Early life
Parker was born Catherine Eliza Somerville Field at Encounter Bay , in South Australia , daughter of Henry Field , pastoralist , and his wife Sophia , daughter of Rev . Ridgway Newland . Henry Field established Marra station near Wilcannia on the Darling River in New South Wales , and 'Katie ' was raised there . The relocation brought the family both prosperity and sorrows . In an incident that took place in January 1862 , her sisters Jane and Henrietta drowned while Katie was rescued by her Ualarai nurse , Miola . In recognition , Miola was taken in to be schooled together with the Fields ' other children . The family moved back to Adelaide in 1872 .
Marriage
In 1875 , on reaching her maturity at 18 , she married her first husband , Langloh Parker , 16 years her senior . In 1879 they moved to his property , Bangate Station , near Angledool , on Ualarai lands by the Narran River . Langloh Parker 's holdings consisted of running some 100,000 sheep and cattle . He found time also to work as magistrate at Walgett . Over the following two decades she collected many of the Ualarai stories and legends which were to fill her books and make her famous .
After drought struck the region , the station eventually failed and the Parkers moved to Sydney in 1901 , where Langloh was diagnosed with cancer , dying two years later . Katie travelled to England and married a lawyer , Percival Randolph Stow ( son of Randolph Isham Stow ) , in 1905 . The couple eventually returned to Australia , taking up residence in the suburb of Glenelg in Adelaide until her death in 1940 .
Ethnographical work
Katie Parker had a fair degree of fluency in Ualarai . But her scruples over accurate reportage led her to inquire among , and converse with , her informants by adopting a technique to control against errors . She would elicit material on a legend from an elder , then get the English version retranslated back by a native more fluent in English than the elders , in order to enable the latter to correct any errors that might have arisen . The interpreter would then translate the revised version , which she would write down , and then have the written account read back to the elderly informant for final confirmation of its accuracy .
Her first foray in ethnography , Australian Legendary Tales : folklore of the Noongahburrahs as told to the Piccaninnies , appeared in 1896 as one of a series dealing with 'Fairy Tales of the British Empire ' . She followed this on two years later with More Australian Legendary Tales . The Scottish writer and anthropologist Andrew Lang had provided prefaces to both works , and it was perhaps on his advice and encouragement that she eventually wrote the classic for which she is best known , The Euahlayi Tribe : A study of Aboriginal life in Australia , which came out in 1905 . This , as generally her earlier books , were well received by the relevant scholarly community at the time : reviews commended her direct transmission of what elders had told her , unadorned by imaginative additions .
Reflecting on the use to which her ethnography had been put , she expressed a lively wariness about how aboriginal material can be reworked to fit some modern theory , under the misapprehension that the scholar thereby evinces a 'detachment ' from the immediate world of his study 's distant subjects , as when she remarked perceptively , as Evans notes , observed that :
I dare say little with an air of finality about black people ; I have lived too much with them for that . To be positive , you should never spend more than six months in their neighbourhood ; in fact , if you want to keep your anthropological ideas quite firm , it is safer to let the blacks remain in inland Australia while you stay a few thousand miles away . Otherwise , your preconceived notions are almost sure to totter to their foundations ; and nothing is more annoying than to have elaborately built-up , delightfully logical theories , played ninepins with by an old greybeard of a black , who apparently objects to his beliefs being classified , docketed , and pigeon-holed , until he has had his say .
She concludes by expressing her sympathy with Montaigne 's criticism of European man 's sense of being more enlightened than savages , when we ourselves boast of laws that putatively reflect nature rather than being themselves the outcome of custom . Missionaries among the Aborigines failed to realize that the natives whom they tried to convert from their 'customs ' hewed far more closely to their laws than Christians do , and missionaries were as many victims of their own customs as the native flock among whom they proselytized were of theirs .
Her books nonetheless went out of print , and only in recent decades has her work been retrieved and examined , either critically as embodying the flaws of colonial ethnography , or as an early example of feminist approaches in anthropology .
Other works
Parker wrote several other minor works , including a cookery book ( Kookaburra Cookery Book , 1911 ) which proved very popular ; Walkabouts of Wur-run-nah ( 1918 ) and Woggheeguy : Australian Aboriginal Legends ( 1930 ) . Her reminiscences of life at Bangate , My Bush Book , was only published posthumously , edited by her biographer , Marcie Muir .
Notes
Citations
Sources
Further reading
External links
1856 births
1940 deaths
Australian non-fiction writers
Australian women writers
George Mainwaring ( bapt . 10 December 1642 - 14 August 1695 ) was an English Member of Parliament and a member of a distinguished family line from Cheshire .
George Mainwaring was the third surviving son of Randle Mainwaring and his wife , Elizabeth ( née Hawes ) , both of whom were based in London . He fathers , who was by profession a mercer , had been a significant figure among the radicals at the time of the English Civil War , commanding a regiment but never becoming particularly prosperous . George was baptised on 10 December 1642 and became a merchant in Chester . On 25 April 1672 , he married Elizabeth Bradshaw , daughter of an wealthy alderman of Chester , having become a councilman in the previous year .
Mainwaring continued as a councilman until 1676 , and served as sheriff in 1672-73 . He was an alderman for eight years from 1676 and mayor in 1681-82 , as well as being a lieutenant in the militia by that time . He became a contentious figure around the time of a visit by the Duke of Monmouth , which occurred during his mayoralty and saw him accused of encouraging riots and trying to obstruct those who wished to take action against dissenters . As a consequence , his position as alderman ended in 1684 when he was specifically excluded from membership of Chester 's corporation upon its adoption of a new charter .
His position as alderman was reinstated in 1688 and continued until his death on 14 August 1695 , when he was buried at Holy Trinity Church , Chester . He held Whig sympathies and collaborated with Roger Whitley , with whom he was elected to the Convention Parliament of 1689 . The two men were not re-elected later in that year .
The next descendant of Mainwaring to be elected to parliament was Townshend Mainwaring in the 19th century .
References
1695 deaths
Mayors of Chester
English MPs 1689–1690
English merchants
1642 births
is a Japanese tokusatsu drama produced by Tsuburaya Productions . It is the 32nd entry to the Ultra Series and the eighth entry to the lineup , celebrating the 10th anniversary of Ultraman Zero . It premiered in TV Tokyo on June 20 , 2020 .
Synopsis
Remnants of Ultraman Belial , known as the Devil Splinters , were scattered across the universe and turned infected monsters into berserkers . To combat the resulting chaos , the Land of Light created the Ultra Medals and Z Risers , but several of these devices were stolen by Celebro , forcing Ultraman Zero and his self-proclaimed disciple Z to chase it to the Earth . Z carried out his incapacitated master 's mission and the Z Riser to recover the stolen Ultra Medals on Earth , where he bonded with STORAGE officer Haruki Natsukawa to combat the space monster Genegarg . Ever since then , Haruki assisted Z in reclaiming lost Ultra Medals and at the same time defending mankind from monsters and extraterrestrial threats . Haruki 's mission as a STORAGE member is accompanied by his senior/ace pilot Yoko Nakashima , the young scientist Yuka Ohta , the elderly repairman Kojiro Inaba and his captain Shota Hebikura , whose true identity is Jugglus Juggler from Ultraman Orb .
Meanwhile , the space parasite Celebro took possession of a youth named Shinya Kaburagi to create chaos and experiment with the Ultra 's technology to harbor the power of monsters . In addition to Ultraman Z , he is also assisted by guests appearing as Ultras ; Riku/Ultraman Geed , Zero , and his godfather Ace . STORAGE begins to create stronger machines and armaments , but as the series progressed , Celebro took over the GAFJ director Kuriyama to further the advancements of new weaponries and disbanded STORAGE . His true plan is to provoke mankind into creating their strongest weapon and turn it against them . He eventually possessed Yoko to hijack Ultroid Zero and transform it into the cyborg monster known as Destrudos to initiate his Civilization Self-Destruction Game on Earth . Juggler reforms STORAGE to rescue Yoko as Haruki succeeded through sheer will , forcing Celebro to abandon her and possessed Destrudos as a last resort . After being knocked out of his strongest form , Ultraman Z unleashed his full power to destroy Destrudos and finally save Earth . Celebro was captured by STORAGE and a vengeful Kaburagi to be dissected as Juggler resigned from the team to leave Earth . Haruki retains his bond with Z , but instead of staying in STORAGE , he decided to leave for outer space to continue Z 's mission as an Ultraman , though he assured the rest of STORAGE that he would return to Earth on regular occasions .
Production
The entire project was conceived by Tsuburaya Productions with a different draft and story composition . Chief producer Tsugumi Kitaura offered Taguchi the role of the main director in August 2019 and the latter requested the inclusion of Kota Fukihara , as well as the pair to rewrite the original draft to their own preference . Production of the series started two months earlier than most of the New Generation Heroes series so as to anticipate the 2020 Summer Olympics prior to its initial postponement from the COVID-19 pandemic in Japan . He also invited a screenwriter named Keigo Koyanagi and military supervisor Yasuhiro Koshi to provide an in-depth accuracy to the themes of military . Because Taguchi had participated in most of the New Generation Heroes instalments since Ultraman Ginga S , he decided to turn Ultraman Z as his own version of the line 's conclusion . Jugglus Juggler 's inclusion into the series was to expand his character after his last appearance in Ultraman Orb .
In previous entries of the Ultra Series , the defense team concept was dropped out so as to save the production cost , but Taguchi proposed the inclusion of giant robots as alternatives to combat vehicles . The first to be created was King Joe STORAGE Custom , but Sevenger was introduced earlier in the series to garner attention from fans for its cuter appeal . The late inclusion of King Joe was to emphasize STORAGE 's growth as an attack team and to prevent it from overshadowing Ultraman Z in the early episodes .
The show 's name was trademarked in China on December 27 , 2019 , and later in Japan on January 21 , 2020 , around 3 months before its announcement . Ultraman Z was immediately announced by official website of Tsuburaya Productions on March 26 , 2020 . As the first trailer of the series was released on April 16 , 2020 , the official website of Tsuburaya Productions quickly announced Kiyotaka Taguchi as its main director , Tatsuomi Hamada 's return as the show 's supporting cast and finally Masaaki Endoh and Nami Tamaki singing the opening and ending themes respectively . The entire cast members of STORAGE and GAFJ members made their live broadcast on June 5 , 2020 . Automobile manufacturing company Toyota announced their cooperation in the series production by providing Toyota LQ as STORAGE 's main transport .
After his passing on May 17 , Kōta Fukihara 's role as the story editor was subsequently taken over by Taguchi , with Tsuburaya Productions and the production staffs of Ultraman Z publishing their tribute in the official sites . According to Kohshu Hirano , filming of Ultraman Z was among those affected by the COVID-19 pandemic in Japan and went postponed for two months before it was resumed . This happened at some point before the series premiere on June 20 .
Episodes
Ultraman Z & Ultraman Zero Voice Drama
is a series of 24-episode audio dramas streamed on Tsuburaya Productions ' YouTube channel . The series focuses on Ultraman Z 's encounter with Ultraman Zero back in the Land of Light .
Other media
Ultra Galaxy Fight : The Absolute Conspiracy
is the second of the Ultra Galaxy Fight miniseries to be made and set to air on YouTube on November 22 , 2020 . In addition to being a prequel series , the title character of Ultraman Z made his appearance as one of the characters involved .
Fight ! Sevenger
is a manga spin-off that has been serialized in the Televi-Kun magazine since the April 2021 issue . It is written by Kiyotaka Taguchi and illustrated by Tetsuya Kawaishi , the latter having served as a storyboard artist in episodes 12 and 14 of Ultraman Z . It serves as a prequel to the television series , taking place prior to the arrival of Ultraman Z on Earth . The events of the special episode take place during Sevenger 's decommit in the television series .
N/A
SP1 .
SP2 .
Sevenger Fight
is a 10-episode miniseries based on the low-budget miniseries Ultra Fight , released as a pay-per-view content . The first to seventh episodes are available in Tsuburaya Imagination website while the remaining three episodes would be available in the in July 2021 . All mini episodes are directed and written by Kiyotaka Taguchi and Junichiro Ashiki respectively , while Kohshu Hirano , Rima Matsuda , Hikari Kuroki and Takaya Aoyagi provided the background voices .
Life 's Decision Height : The Story of STORAGE 's Foundation
is a two-part novel spin-off released on Tsuburaya Imagination . It is written and supervised by Keigo Koyanagi and Kiyotaka Taguchi respectively , and serves as a prequel to the television series from GAFJ 's perspective .
Ja no Michi wa Hebi
is a short novel spin-off included in the Ultraman Z Perfect Super Complete Works book . It is written by Takao Nakano and supervised by Kiyotaka Taguchi and Tsuburaya Productions , and serves as a prequel to the television series from Jugglus Juggler 's perspective .
Cast
:
:
:
/ :
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
/ :
:
:
STORAGE AI voice :
:
Ultra Z Riser announcement :
Guest cast
:
:
Theme songs
Opening theme
Arrangement : ( KEYTONE ) , ( KEYTONE )
Lyrics , Composition , & Artist :
Episodes : 1-13 ( Verse 1 ) ; 14-24 , SP3 ( Verse 2 )
In episode 25 , this song is used as an insert song .
Ending themes
`` Connect the Truth ''
Lyrics , Composition , & Arrangement :
Artist :
Episodes : 1-13
In episode 15 , this song is used as an insert song .
`` Promise for the future ''
Lyrics :
Composition :
Arrangement : ats- , & Toru Watanabe ( Blue Bird 's Nest )
Artist : Tasuku Hatanaka
Episodes : 14-24
In episode 25 , this song is used as an insert song .
International broadcast
In Hong Kong , this series aired on ViuTV on May 15 , 2021 . In the Philippines , this series aired on GMA on July 24 , 2022 .
Reception
Ultraman Z was ranked sixth place on 2020 's `` 100 Internet Buzzwords '' in Japan , held by Nico Nico Pedia and Pixiv Encyclopedia . The physical award was given to director Kiyotaka Taguchi during the award ceremony in December 15 , 2020 . Shota Hebikura , the alias of Jugglus Juggler in the series was also one of many entries in said award , having ranked 45th place . Taguchi admitted that Ultraman Z being an action-packed series was to originally anticipate the Olympics . In July 21 , 2021 , Ultraman Z was labelled as the winner of the Best Dramatic Presentation category from the Seiun Award , making the series as the second entry in Ultra Series to obtain the award after Ultraman Tiga in 1998 .
In addition to television airing , episodes of Ultraman Z were rebroadcast on YouTube for worldwide audience to watch , at Taguchi 's suggestion , which also included English subtitles . According to Taguchi 's interview in August 2020 , the first episode met with good reception from various audience in the worldwide , especially the United States .
Anime mecha designer and former Bandai employee Tsuyoshi Nonaka wrote his commentary in the fortieth Ultra Tokusatsu Perfect Mook , pertaining to Ultraman Z , he applauded Taguchi for the use of robots for defense team , an idea that the former actually brought to Bandai in the 1990s , but was rejected out of fear that the Ultraman would be overshadowed . Nonaka compares Beliarok , the sentient sword that is used by the eponymous Ultraman Z , to the Byakkoshinken from Gosei Sentai Dairanger , but he felt that the sword 's introduction into the show is abrupt and sees the interaction of an Ultraman Belial-based character with Ultraman Z and Haruki is unfit . This is because due to Ultraman Belial 's interaction with other Ultras would have been Zero and Geed , therefore suggesting that Juggler would be a better candidate due to his frequent run-in with the main characters of the series , as well as sharing a neutrality stance in any conflict being similar to Beliarok as well .
See also
Ultra Series - Complete list of official Ultraman-related shows .
Notes
References
External links
Ultraman Z at Tsuburaya Productions
Ultraman Z at TV Tokyo
2020 Japanese television series debuts
Ultra television series
TV Tokyo original programming
Corybas dienemus , commonly known as the windswept helmet-orchid , is one of two helmet orchids endemic to Australia 's subantarctic Macquarie Island , and the first orchid to be found there . It is a relatively small orchid with green flowers with purplish-red markings and was discovered in 1978 .
Description
The windswept helmet-orchid is a relatively small ( 30–50 mm tall ) , terrestrial , tuberous , herbaceous plant that forms clonal colonies . The leaves are flattish , fleshy and solitary , dark green above and silvery-green underneath . The flower is erect , nestling in the leaf base , green with purplish-red markings , 25–30 mm long and 20–25 mm wide . It can be distinguished from its congener and the only other orchid on the island , the grooved helmet-orchid Corybas sulcatus , by its predominantly green flowers , compared with the predominantly dark red ones of C. sulcatus .
Taxonomy and naming
This orchid was first discovered on Macquarie Island in 1978 and identified as Corybas macranthus , which is widespread in New Zealand . It was then recognised in 1993 by David Jones as a new species that he named Corybas dienemus . In 2002 , it was transferred to the reinstated genus Nematoceras as Nematoceras dienemum but that name has not been accepted by World Checklist of Selected Plant Families at Royal Botanic Gardens , Kew . The specific epithet ( dienemum ) is an Ancient Greek word meaning `` windswept '' .
Distribution and habitat
The orchid is known from ten sites on the northern half of Macquarie Island , where it inhabits the lower coastal terraces , not more than 30 m above sea level , where the vegetation is dominated by mosses that float on a substrate of waterlogged peat with a water table very close to the soil surface . The total known population comprises about 7500 plants .
Reproduction
The flowering period of the orchid is from November to January . It produces seeds annually but also reproduces vegetatively through the production of daughter root-tubers on lateral underground stolons . Its leaves die off in autumn , with new leaves emerging in spring . Although the life expectancy and age of sexual maturity of the orchid are unknown , it is likely that some clonal colonies have existed for several decades . The pollination method is unknown , though one possible pollinator is the Black Fungus Gnat ( Bradysia watsoni ) , which is common on the coastal terraces where the orchid is found .
Conservation
Macquarie Island is a nature reserve , a World Heritage Site and a UNESCO Biosphere Reserve . However , the windswept helmet-orchid is listed as endangered on the Tasmanian Threatened Species Protection Act 1995 because of its restricted distribution , small population and projected decline through ongoing habitat degradation caused by the grazing , digging and burrowing activities of rabbits . Additional threats are the formation of seal wallows and , potentially , climate change . It is also listed as Critically Endangered under Australia 's Environment Protection and Biodiversity Conservation Act 1999 .
In 2010 , a plan to eliminate rabbits from Macquarie Island was implemented and aerial baiting was commenced . Later , hunters and dog handlers destroyed a few surviving rabbits and by 2014 , rabbits had been eliminated from the island .
References
Endemic orchids of Australia
Flora of Macquarie Island
Plants described in 1993
dienemus
Roger Hamelin ( April 27 , 1941 - November 25 , 2018 ) was a Canadian football player who played for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers . He won the Grey Cup with them in 1961 and 1962 . He is a member of the Football Manitoba Hall of Fame , inducted 2013 . He died on November 25 , 2018 .
References
1941 births
2018 deaths
Sportspeople from Winnipeg
Players of Canadian football from Manitoba
Winnipeg Blue Bombers players
Josef Angelo Neumann ( 18 August 1838 – 20 December 1910 ) was a German operatic baritone and theater director . First a baritone at major opera houses in Europe , including the Vienna Imperial Opera , he was the managing director of the Leipzig Opera and the Estates Theatre in Prague . He is known as an early promoter of the stage works by Richard Wagner , namely the Ring cycle , which he presented with the sets and costumes of the world premiere at the Bayreuth Festival , first in Leipzig and then on a European tour .
Life
Neumann was born in Stampfen . He developed his interest in singing at an early age and received training as an opera singer . After engagements as a baritone in Berlin , Cologne , Krakow , Ödenburg , Bratislava and Gdansk , he came to the Vienna Imperial Opera in 1862 , where he remained active until 1876 . During these years he made his first acquaintance with Richard Wagner and his work . With his first wife Pauline Aurelie , née von Mihalovits , he had a son , Karl Eugen Neumann , born in 1865 .
Opera director in Leipzig ( 1876–1882 )
In 1876 he became managing director of the Leipzig Opera . His direction began with a production of Lohengrin ; further operas by Richard Wagner followed as well as performances of Verdi 's Aida and Bizet 's Carmen . In April 1878 the first external performance of the entire stage consecration festival Der Ring des Nibelungen took place in Leipzig after its premiere in 1876 at the Bayreuth Festival . In 1881 he organized further performances of the Ring in Berlin .
Director of the travelling Richard Wagner Theatre ( 1882–1883 )
After acquiring the original stage sets and costumes ( by Carl Emil Doepler ) of the Bayreuth premiere , Neumann undertook a kind of European tour with complete performances of The Ring of the Nibelung by a travelling ensemble . In May 1882 a guest performance took place in London , with the Julius Laubeschen Kapelle from Hamburg under the direction of the Leipzig Kapellmeister Anton Seidl . Between September 1882 and June 1883 a total of 135 Ring performances and more than 50 Wagner concerts took place , among others in April 1883 ( two months after Wagner 's death ) at the Teatro La Fenice in Venice .
Opera director in Prague ( 1885–1910 )
In 1885 Neumann became artistic director of the Estates Theatre in Prague , whose new building he organized as Státní opera Praha ( State Opera ) . In his second marriage he married the actress Johanna Török in 1887 . In 1894 he encouraged Emil Nikolaus von Reznicek to write the opera Donna Diana .
Neumann died in Prague at the age of 72 . A hall in today 's Prague State Opera is named after him .
Publications
Various letters from Neumann to musicians and composers have survived . He wrote an autobiographical book focused on his memories of Wagner , Erinnerungen an Richard Wagner , published in Leipzig in 1907 .
References
Cited sources
External links
German operatic baritones
19th-century German male opera singers
German theatre directors
19th-century German male writers
1838 births
1910 deaths
People from Stupava , Malacky District
19th-century German non-fiction writers
German male non-fiction writers
Barbara Drummond ( born August 5 , 1956 ) is an American politician who has served in the Alabama House of Representatives from the 103rd district since 2014 .
References
1956 births
Living people
Members of the Alabama House of Representatives
Alabama Democrats
21st-century American politicians
Rod C. Alferness was president of The Optical Society in 2008 .
Alferness is the Dean of the College of Engineering at the University of California , Santa Barbara . Before that , Alferness was Chief Scientist , Bell Laboratories , Alcatel-Lucent and the Bell Laboratories Research Senior Vice President . His previous position was the Bell Laboratories Optical Networking Research Senior Vice President . Alferness also was the Chief Technical Officer and Advanced Technology and Architecture Vice-President of the Optical Networking Group , Lucent Technologies . Prior to that role , he was head of the Photonics Networks Research Department of Lucent Bell Laboratories , Holmdel , New Jersey .
Alferness joined Bell Labs in 1976 after receiving a B.A . in physics from Hamline University and a Ph.D. in physics from the University of Michigan where his thesis research , under the supervision of Professor Emmett Leith , concerned optical propagation in volume holograms . His early research at Bell Labs included the demonstration of novel waveguide electro-optic devices and circuits - including switch/modulators , polarization controllers , tunable filters - and their applications in high capacity lightwave transmission and switching systems . This research led to the early development of titanium diffused lithium niobate waveguide modulators that are now deployed as the high-speed signal-encoding engine in fiber optic transmission systems around the world . Dr. Alferness has also made contributions in photonic integrated circuits in InP , including widely tunable lasers , as well as in photonic switching systems and reconfigurable WDM ( wavelength-division-multiplexed ) optical networks . In the mid-1990s , he was an originator and the Bell Labs Program Manager for the DARPA funded MONET project which demonstrated the feasibility of wavelength routed optical networks that are now being implemented for both backbone and metro networks . Dr. Alferness has authored over 100 papers , holds 35 patents and has authored five book chapters .
Dr. Alferness is a Fellow of The Optical Society and the IEEE Lasers and Electro-Optics Society ( LEOS ) . Dr. Alferness received the 2005 IEEE Photonics Award . He has served as an elected member of the LEOS AdCom and was the President of IEEE LEOS in 1997 . He was General Co-Chair of the 1994 Optical Fiber Communications Conference ( OFC'94 ) . Dr. Alferness has served as Associate Editor for Optics Letters and for Photonics Technology Letters . He has served on many IEEE and OSA committees , including fellows and awards committees . Dr. Alferness also currently serves on the European Conference on Optical Communication ( ECOC ) Executive Management Committee . He served as the Editor-in-Chief of the IEEE and OSA-sponsored Journal of Lightwave Technology from 1995-2000 . He served as an elected member of The Optical Society Board of Directors from 2001-2003 .
Dr. Alferness was elected as a member into the National Academy of Engineering in 2003 for contributions to the development of electro-optic devices and circuits for light-wave transmission and switching systems .
Dr. Alferness now lives in Los Angeles with his daughter and her family . His two children are named Jonathan and Angela , he also has three grandchildren , Oliver , Eden and Ava . He moved to California in order to spend more time with family . He also recently retired from working as the Dean of Engineering at UCSB .
See also
Optical Society of America # Past Presidents of the OSA
References
External links
Articles Published by early OSA Presidents Journal of the Optical Society of America
Vision scientists
Fellows of the Optical Society
Presidents of the Optical Society
21st-century American physicists
Holography
Living people
University of Michigan College of Literature , Science , and the Arts alumni
Members of the United States National Academy of Engineering
University of California , Santa Barbara faculty
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Hamline University alumni
Frank Chee Willeto ( June 6 , 1925 – June 23 , 2012 ) was an American politician and Navajo code talker during World War II . Willeto served as the vice president of the Navajo Nation under President Milton Bluehouse , Sr. from his appointment in August 1998 until January 1999 , when the Begaye administration took office .
Early life
Willeto was born in Crownpoint , New Mexico , on June 6 , 1925 . According to the Navajo Times , Willeto was `` Bit'ahnii ( Folded Arms Clan ) , born for Tódích'íi'nii ( Bitter Water Clan ) . His maternal great grandfather was Ta'neeszahnii ( Tangle Clan ) and his paternal family was Naakai dine ' é ( Mexican People Clan ) . ''
Code talker
He enlisted in the U.S. Marine Corps in January 1944 during World War II . Willeto joined the 6th Marine Division , serving in the Pacific Theater in Saipan and Okinawa as a Navajo code talker . The code talkers ' role in the war was not disclosed until 1968 , when documents on the talkers were declassified . Willeto and other surviving Navajo code talkers were awarded the Congressional Silver Medal in 2001 .
Career
He returned to the Navajo Nation following the end of World War II . He was employed in the roads department of the Bureau of Indian Affairs from 1946 until 1974 . Willeto then joined the United States Department of Education .
Willeto was elected to the Navajo Nation Council in 1974 . He remained on the council until 1986 , when he was elected as the president of the Pueblo Pintado Chapter . Willeto also served as a judge on the former Navajo Supreme Judicial Council , a precursor to the present-day Supreme Court of the Navajo Nation .
On July 23 , 1998 , Navajo Nation President Thomas Atcitty was removed from office by the Navajo Nation Council for ethics violations . Atcitty was succeeded by Milton Bluehouse , Sr. , Atcitty 's vice president , as interim president one day later . Bluehouse appointed Willeto as vice president of the Navajo Nation in August 1998 . Together , Bluehouse and Willeto ran as running mates for a full , four-year term in the November 1998 presidential election . Kelsey Begaye won the general election and was inaugurated on January 12 , 1999 . Willeto remained vice president within the Bluehouse administration until Begaye took office .
Later life
He remained active in public life . Willeto was a proponent of the new Tsé Yi ' Gai High School in Pueblo Pintado and the construction of a new bridge between the high school and Navajo Route 9 .
Willeto was a frequent visitor to the eastern United States , especially Washington , D.C . In 2008 , Willeto gave the blessing to mark the start of construction on the USS New Mexico ( SSN-779 ) nuclear submarine in Newport News , Virginia . He was also invited to the White House to witness the signing of the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 by U.S. President Barack Obama . Most recently , Willeto appeared as a panelist for the United States Senate Committee on Indian Affairs ' `` The Way of the Warrior : Native Americans ' Commitment to Country , Community , and Communication '' panel on November 16 , 2011 , as part of National American Indian and Alaska Native Heritage Month .
Willeto died at his home in Pueblo Pintado , New Mexico , on June 23 , 2012 , at the age of 87 . New Mexico Governor Susana Martinez ordered flags to be flown at half-mast in Willeto 's honor . Navajo Nation President Ben Shelly also offered all Navajo flags to be flown at half staff from June 25 until June 28 . His funeral was held at the Tseဴ Yi ' Gai High School in Pueblo Pintado . Willeto was buried at Santa Fe National Cemetery in Santa Fe , New Mexico , June 29 , 2012 , at a ceremony attended by 150 people , including Governor Martinez .
References
Further reading
Frank Willeto
Code Talkers ' Stories Recorded in DC . Talking Feather . June 19 , 2010 .
Navajo Code Talker Frank Chee Willeto to join SCIA Panel on Way of the Warrior . Navajo Nation Washington Office . November 16 , 2011 .
Navajo Code Talker Frank Chee Willeto Dies . KOB-TV . June 23 , 2012 .
Navajo Code Talker Frank Chee Willeto Walk On . Indian Country Today Media Network . June 26 , 2012 .
Navajo Code Talkers honored with N.M. highway dedication . The Buffalo Post .
Code Talkers
Aaseng , Nathan . Navajo Code Talkers : America 's Secret Weapon in World War II . New York : Walker & Company , 1992 .
Durrett , Deanne . Unsung Heroes of World War II : The Story of the Navajo Code Talkers . Library of American Indian History , Facts on File , Inc. , 1998 .
McClain , Salley . Navajo Weapon : The Navajo Code Talkers . Tucson , Arizona : Rio Nuevo Publishers , 2001 .
External links
Official Site of the Navajo Code Talkers
1925 births
2012 deaths
Navajo code talkers
Vice Presidents of the Navajo Nation
United States Marine Corps personnel of World War II
People from McKinley County , New Mexico
Military personnel from New Mexico
Burials at Santa Fe National Cemetery
20th-century Native Americans
21st-century Native Americans
The discography of James Bourne , an English singer-songwriter . Bourne has released four studio albums as a part of Busted , one album with Son of Dork , one solo album , and has announced a forthcoming solo album - Sugar Beach . Bourne has also released music under the pseudonym Future Boy .
Singles
James Bourne
Busted
Son of Dork
Albums
James Bourne
Busted
Son of Dork
Future Boy
McBusted
Other artists
References
Pop music discographies
Discographies of British artists
Reverend Cecil Augustus Ivory ( March 3 , 1921 - November 10 , 1961 ) was a Presbyterian minister , disability rights activist and sit-in leader during the Civil rights movement .
In 2017 , Ivory was named a Freedom Walkway Local Hero for his activism by the City of Rock Hill .
Personal Life
Ivory was born to an African American Baptist family in Arkadelphia , Arkansas on March 3 , 1921 . He was the third of four children , and his father died of a fever while Ivory was a toddler . As a fourteen-year-old , he received a significant back injury from a fall from a pecan tree but taught himself to walk again since the family could not afford medical treatment . The injury may have caused a blood clot that later permanently disabled him .
Determined to continue his studies , he obtained a place at Cotton Plant Academy , a Presbyterian co-educational boarding school in Cotton Plant , Arkansas . At Cotton Plant Academy , he was the star of the football and basketball teams . Thanks to his football skills , he was offered a scholarship to attend Mary Allen Junior College , a Presbyterian school in Crockett , Texas , from 1937 to 1939 . His time spent studying there drew him to the Presbyterian Church .
Ivory would go on to study at Johnson C. Smith University and earn a Bachelor of Arts and Bachelor of Divinity in 1946 from its school of theology . While at the university , he was the Dean of Pledges for the school 's chapter of Kappa Alpha Psi .
After becoming ordained in 1947 , Ivory served as a pastor of the First Presbyterian Church in Irmo , South Carolina . He was also the Director of Religious Education at Harbison Junior College .
In 1949 , he transferred to Hermon Presbyterian Church in Rock Hill , South Carolina . While serving as a pastor , he frequently travelled into the countryside to serve at a rural mission church . During one of these trips , he fell off of a pick-up truck , which aggravated his childhood injury and caused him to use a wooden cane and then a wheelchair for mobility .
He also obtained a Master 's degree from the Interdenominational Theological Center in Atlanta , Georgia , and was awarded an honorary doctorate of divinity in 1960 from Johnson C. Smith University for his ministry .
Ivory was married to Emily Ivory in 1945 , and they had three children : Darnell , Cecil Junior and Titus . The family often received bomb and death threats due to Ivory 's activism , which led Ivory to sleep with a pistol in his nightstand for self-defense . Some of these threats came from the Rock Hill chapter of the Ku Klux Klan , which had grown in response to the civil rights protests in the area .
From June to October of 1961 , Ivory was hospitalized with severe pressure ulcers . He died on November 10 , 1961 from an infection .
Activism
Ivory led many protests against segregation in Rock Hill . He was the NAACP chapter president of the city from 1953 until his death in 1961 , and organized sit-ins and bail postings for arrested activists .
Bus Boycott
In July of 1957 , he organized a bus boycott which kicked off a wave of civil rights activism among the city 's black population . After a 24-year-old black woman , Adelene Austin White , was kicked off of a Star Transit Co. bus for sitting next to a white woman , Ivory called an NAACP meeting to coordinate a boycott and met with Austin personally .
The following Sunday , pastors of black churches around Rock Hill announced to their parishes that a boycott of the bus line would begin until the buses were desegregated .
Ivory also created a carpool service to provide rides to the community during the boycott . After a month , he collected donations and bought two used passenger buses to provide free bus service to the community . It was estimated that the boycott led to 90 % of the city 's black bus riders abandoning the line . By the end of the year , the Star Bus Line had closed .
Sit-Ins
After observing the success of the Greensboro sit-ins , Ivory organized a similar sit-in with students from Friendship Junior College . He arranged for nonviolent direct action training for the protestors from James Thomas McCain Sr. from the Congress of Racial Equality . On February 12 , 1960 , 150 black students entered Woolworth , McCrory 's and Phillip 's and Good 's drugstores in downtown Rock Hill . The students were met with hostility and violence from white servers and hecklers . A counter-protestor threw an ammonia bomb into Good 's , and further bomb threats forced evacuation .
This did not deter Ivory , and he continued to organize further sit-ins . He also created and participated in marches , rallies and pickets downtown while in his wheelchair .
In June of 1960 , he held the first wheelchair sit-in by asking for service at McCrory 's lunch counter . Ivory rolled up to the lunch counter and explained that he was not violating any of the Jim Crow laws that prohibited black customers from sitting there , since he was not actually sitting at any of the seats . After being denied service and threatened by the store 's manager and a police officer , he was eventually arrested .
By February of 1961 , he had been arrested multiple times for leading and participating in protests around Rock Hill . For his leadership , the NAACP presented Ivory with a special citation honoring him as the leader of the bus boycott and a counselor student sit-ins . He was also granted a certificate of merit for the Rock Hill chapter 's courageous and unselfish service . Ivory 's actions were acknowledged and applauded by national civil rights leaders such as Ella Baker , Thurgood Marshall and James Farmer .
1961 Freedom Ride
After John Lewis and Albert Bigelow were brutally attacked during the 1961 Freedom Ride at a Greyhound bus depot in Rock Hill , Ivory drove to the depot with a cadre of cars to meet the second bus of riders that afternoon . He rallied local supporters to shield the riders as they got to the cars . As an angry mob of white men followed and cursed at the cars , Ivory led the riders to his house and served them dinner . Charles Person , the youngest of the 1961 Freedom Riders , wrote in his memoir that Ivory 's ability to `` stand up to bigotry from a wheelchair '' gave him the courage to continue on the Freedom Ride .
References
1961 deaths
1921 births
Presbyterian ministers
Civil rights activists
Wheelchair users
African-American Christians
NAACP activists
Krupić ( Cyrillic : Крупић ) is a common family name found in Bosanska Krajina . The surname Krupić was named after Bosanska Krupa and It is the 7th most common surname in Sanski Most .
History
During Ottoman times
The Krupić family was first named Arnautović , but later it became Krupić . At the start of the 18th century ( around 1730 ) an Arnaut became the captain of Bosanska Krupa , his name was Omer-beg Arnautović and he was one of the captains that fought in the Battle of Banja Luka on the side of the Ottoman army . Mustaj-beg Arnautović , the son of Omer-beg Arnautovic served the captain 's service in 1784. in 1778 he traded his land in a field of Sanski Most for a garden and other real estate in Dugo polje.In 1791 Omer-beg Arnautovic , the son of Mustaj-beg was the captain of Bosanska Krupa . After him his oldest son Husein-beg became the captain of Bosanska Krupa for a short time , around 1811 and he died before 1818 . After Husein-beg his son Ahmet-beg became the captain of Bosanska Krupa , in 1821 he got killed by the Pasha of Travnik Ali Dželaludin . In 1830 Mehmed-beg Krupić-Arnautović was on the place of the captain . in 1830 on September a meeting of Turkish and Austrian delegates was held in Vrngorač on border issues , and a meeting was held , at which this captain was also signed . Around 1830 the Bihac Krajina was divided in 4 captaincies which had 8970 armed people , Mehmed-beg the captain of Bosanska krupa and the lord of Krupa , Vrnograc , Todorovo , Buzim , Jezersko and Otoka had 1750 armed people and 35 cannons . in 1831 Ibrahim-beg the son of Omer-beg lived in Bosanska krupa.He was the son-in-law of Hasan-aga Pećki and he was very popular in Bosanska Krupa and the people liked him . He and his uncle were killed by the captain of Bosanska Krupa Mehmed-beg because he was scared that Ibrahim-beg would steal his captaincy . After this news came to Hasan-aga Pećki set fire to everything that belonged to the captain , he burned 45 Muslim and 12 Christian houses . Mehmed-beg was a faithful supporter of Husein kapetan Gardaščević and he is seen as the most loyal supporter of him . Even after many betrayed Husein kapetan Gardaščević he left Bosnia together with him . Even when Husein kapetan Gardaščević went to Carigrad Mehmed-beg went together with him . Mehmed-beg raised a revolt together with the captains of Ostrozac and Petrovac because of the removal of the captaincy , he was captured in 1837 and brought to Sarajevo , in Sarajevo he was equipped and brought to Trabzon where he returned in 1843 . He lived in Krupa until 1850 , until the arrival of Omer-paša and he was and remained an opponent of the reform . He was captured in 1851 and died that year in Travnik .
During Austro-Hungarian times
In the Austro-Hungarian time Krupići did n't play an important role in political events expect Ibrahim-beg Krupić who was elected as member of the National Waqf-Mearif Council . Sulejman beg Krupić was a Merchant in Zdena . Many Krupići died or got injured whilte fighting for the Bosnian-Herzegovinan Infantry in World war 1 , for example Krupić Ahmetbeg des Zambey who was born in 1862 in Zdena and died in 1917 .
Genealogy
The genealogy of this family is not clear enough , so Kreševljaković , in his attempt to establish it , was more concerned with speculation than he was able to solve this task thoroughly and with arguments . He said that the son of Omer was Mustaj and that Mustaj had a son Omer and Husein and that Omer had a son named Mustafa that died before his fathers death and that he had 3 other sons named Dervis-beg , Ibrahim-beg and Husein-beg . Husein-beg had a son named Ahmed-beg and Dervis-beg had a son named Mehmed-beg and that Mehmed-beg had a son named Dervis-beg .
Possessions
The dormitory of the Krupic family was in the center of Bosanska Krupa . The Krupic family had estates in Buzim and Dubovik .
Notable people
, painter
, philosopher
, politician
References
Surnames
Wiesemscheid is a municipality in the district of Ahrweiler , in Rhineland-Palatinate , Germany .
References
Ahrweiler ( district )
The Mulsanne Straight ( Ligne Droite des Hunaudières in French ) is the name used in English for a formerly long straight of the Circuit de la Sarthe around which the 24 Hours of Le Mans auto race takes place . Since 1990 , the straight is interrupted by two chicanes , with the last section ( that includes a slight right turn known as the `` Kink '' ) leading to a sharp corner near the village of Mulsanne .
French name
When races are not taking place , the Mulsanne Straight is part of the national road system of France . It is called the Ligne Droite des Hunaudières , a part of the route départementale RD 338 ( formerly Route Nationale RN 138 ) in the Sarthe department . The Hunaudières leads to the village of Mulsanne , its English namesake ( though the French Route de Mulsanne is the name for the road between Mulsanne and Arnage , with the Indianapolis corner in between ) .
History
During the 1911 Grand Prix season , the Grand Prix de France used an early version of the Circuit de la Sarthe , which was 54 km in length , and used a longer version of the current straight , running from Ave George Durand at Le Tertre Rouge , to Écommoy , before heading towards Saint-Mars-d'Outillé , Les Jouanneries and Parigné-l'Évêque .
The circuit ( and straight ) were shortened in 1921 . After exiting the Tertre Rouge corner , cars would spend almost half of the lap at full throttle , before braking for the right-hand Mulsanne Corner . The Porsche 917 longtail with its 4.9-litre flat-12 engine , used from 1969 to 1971 , had reached . After this , engine size was limited and top speeds dropped until powerful turbocharged engines , pioneered by French manufacturer Renault , were allowed , as in the 1978 Porsche 935 which was clocked at .
Speeds on the straight by Group C prototypes reached over during the late 1980s . At the beginning of the 1988 24 Hours of Le Mans race , Paris garage owner Roger Dorchy drove for Welter Racing in a car dubbed the WM P88 . The P88 belonged to a program known as `` Project 400 '' and was powered by a 2.8-litre turbocharged Peugeot PRV V6 engine , which sacrificed reliability for power . As a result , the car was out after just 53 laps ( or approximately 4 hours ) with turbo , cooling and electrical failures . It was measured by radar travelling at an all-time race record speed of .
There were several fatal high-speed accidents on the Mulsanne Straight in the 1980s . Jean-Louis Lafosse was killed in 1981 , and Jo Gartner in 1986 ; in 1984 a French track marshal was killed in an accident at the Kink involving the two Aston Martin Nimrod NRA/C2s of British driver John Sheldon and his American teammate Drake Olson . One driver had an extremely lucky escape in 1986 : a tyre on British driver Win Percy 's 7.0 litre V12-powered Jaguar XJR-6 exploded at , tearing off the rear bodywork and flipping the car into the air `` up above the trees '' . The wreckage finally came to a halt 600 metres down the road . Although the vehicle was almost obliterated , Percy somehow walked away from the crash with nothing more than a badly battered helmet .
Addition of chicanes
The 6km ( 3.7 mi ) Mulsanne Straight caused tyre and engine failures , as cars reached over 320km/h ( 200mph ) before braking hard for the sharp right turn at its end . So two chicanes were added to the straight before the 1990 race to limit the achievable maximum speed and because the FIA decreed it would no longer sanction a circuit with a straight longer than , which is roughly the length of the Döttinger Höhe straight on the Nürburgring Nordschleife . Since their installation , most leading cars have topped out around during qualifying and during the race .
The highest speed on the Straight since 1990 was achieved by a Nissan R90CK driven by Mark Blundell , which reached 366 km/h ( 226.9 mph ) during qualifying when the twin-turbo system 's wastegate was stuck shut , leading the engine to produce well over its regular output of 800 bhp . The exact power increase remains unknown .
Spectator access
In the past , spectators could obtain magnificent views of cars racing along the straight during the Le Mans , including while dining at various restaurants—such as Restaurant de 24 Heures and Les Virages de L'Arche—located very close to the road . However , in 1990 , the viewing experience obtained at both restaurants was diminished with the introduction of the chicanes .
Today , due to safety concerns , spectators are kept well away from the edge of the straight by marshals and police , and while dining guests can still hear the cars pass , their view is obscured by green covers attached to the safety fencing .
Namesake
Three Bentley cars are named after the straight and nearby villages : the Mulsanne , the Arnage , and the Hunaudières concept car .
GM offered its 1970 Corvette in a color named Mulsanne blue .
References
Bibliography
Sports venues in Sarthe
Buildings and structures in Le Mans
Sport in Le Mans
Tourist attractions in Sarthe
Arnaldo Orfila Reynal ( 9 July 1897 – 13 January 1998 ) was an Argentine-Mexican publisher . Orfila Reynal was director of the Fondo de Cultura Económica ( Economic Culture Fund ) and its subsidiary in Argentina . In 1965 he founded the publishing house Siglo Veintiuno Editores with the assistance of University of Buenos Aires .
Argentine publishers ( people )
Mexican publishers ( people )
1897 births
1997 deaths
People from La Plata
Argentine emigrants to Mexico
Old Fort Providence , located near the mouth of Yellowknife Bay , Northwest Territories , Canada , was one of the first fur trading outposts on Great Slave Lake . Peter Pond of the North West Company first proposed trading with the Dene around Great Slave Lake in 1786 . In 1789 , Alexander Mackenzie initiated a period of trade with the Yellowknives and Tłı̨chǫ ( formerly known as Dogrib ) Dene and instructed his assistant , Laurent Leroux , to start a trading post in this area . The post was not a major centre for fur trading and was used primarily as a supply centre for other , more important trading posts or expeditions . It served , for example , as a base of supply for Sir John Franklin 's Coppermine expedition towards the Arctic Ocean in 1820 . It was located within a productive fishery used for generations by the Dene around Yellowknife Bay and helped supply meat and fish for traders at Great Slave Lake . The Hudson 's Bay Company took over the post in 1821 after the demise of the North West Company , but the settlement was in decline and it closed in 1823 . The buildings have long since decayed but the ruins were excavated in 1969-1971 .
References
Further reading
Old Fort Providence at the Prince of Wales Northern Heritage Centre
Ghost towns in the Northwest Territories
Hudson 's Bay Company forts
North West Company forts
Heritage sites in the Northwest Territories
1789 establishments in the British Empire
Lycopodiastrum is a genus of lycophyte in the family Lycopodiaceae with only one species , Lycopodiastrum casuarinoides . In the Pteridophyte Phylogeny Group classification of 2016 ( PPG I ) , the genus is placed in the subfamily Lycopodioideae . Some sources do not recognize the genus , sinking it into Lycopodium . Lycopodiastrum casuarinoides is native to south-eastern Asia , from Tibet through China to Japan in the north , and from Sumatra to Sulawesi in the south .
References
Lycopodiaceae
Lycophyte genera
Monotypic plant genera
Roderick John Charles O'Loan , MBE , CBE ( 1915–1992 ) was an Australian rugby league footballer for the Eastern Suburbs club in the New South Wales Rugby Football League premiership . He was also a businessman and a war veteran of distinction .
Sporting career
Rod O'Loan was born in Katoomba , New South Wales , on 26 March 1915 and enjoyed Rugby and Rugby League during his younger years . By the time he was at Sydney University , he excelled at Rugby League and joined the University club as a winger .
O'Loan played for University in 1933 and 1934 , scoring twelve tries in twenty-eight games . He then shifted to Easts in 1935 with his university teammate Ross McKinnon and became part of a champion back line which included Dave Brown , Fred Tottey , Jack Beaton , Ernie Norman and Viv Thicknesse , which broke many scoring records in 1935 with 131 tries in just sixteen regular season matches . O'Loan scored 76 tries in 82 games for the Tricolours before retiring at the end of 1941 .
O'Loan participated in four premierships during a stellar career at the Tricolours : 1935 , 1936 , 1937 and 1940 , but chose to never play at representative level due to study and corporate commitments .
Talented junior sportsman
His junior sporting career began at Saint Patrick 's College Goulburn , then he moved to the senior school at Waverley College before going onto the University of Sydney . In an article in the Freeman 's Journal of 1931 , it was stated that Rod O'Loan was the 1931 junior sprint champion over 100 yards in N.S.W. , had won the Botany Junior Sprint title in 1931 , was a champion high jumper at 13 years of age and was the holder of many junior swimming records , and he was in the First XI cricket and the First XV Rugby teams at 15 years of age .
After seven seasons in first grade with the Tricolours , Rod O'Loan retired after the 1941 season and enlisted in the Army .
Tryscoring record
In a match between Eastern Suburbs and his old club University in 1935 O'Loan scored a club record seven tries in a 61–5 win . This tally remains second ( behind Frank Burge 's eight tries in 1920 ) on the list of most individual tries in a premiership match . O'Loan scored 27 tries that season , but was beaten by Dave Brown , known as `` the Bradman of League '' , with 38 tries , which is still an NSWRFL/NSWRL/NRL record for one season .
War service
Rod O'Loan enlisted in the Australian Army in 1942 . He rose to the rank of major in the 2 Division Australian Army Services Corps .
Military and civil awards
At war 's end in 1946 , he was awarded the MBE for gallant and distinguished service during the war in the South West Pacific .
He was appointed a CBE in the New Years Honours List of 1977 for Services to the Community . He held senior positions in the business world during his working life , and worked for large companies , including David Jones Limited in Sydney . He was appointed managing director of Finney Isles Stores of Brisbane in 1958 and served as president of the Retailers ' Association in 1962 .
Rod O'Loan died in Brisbane on 19 February 1992 . He married Molly ( Mary Patricia , née Croke ) in 1940 and had three sons and one daughter .
References
1915 births
Rugby league players from Sydney
Australian rugby league players
Sydney Roosters players
Sydney University rugby league team players
1992 deaths
Rugby league wingers
Australian Army personnel of World War II
In the mythology of Mangaia in the Cook Islands , Moko is a wily character and grandfather of the heroic Ngaru .
Moko is a ruler or king of the lizards , and he orders his lizard subjects to climb into the basket of the sky demon Amai-te-rangi to spy on him . When Amai-te-rangi pulls up his basket , he is disappointed to find it full of miserable little reptiles , which escape and overrun his home in the sky .
References
Mangaia mythology
de : Moko
The Supreme Court of Kyrgyzstan is the highest court of appeal in the legal system of Kyrgyzstan . The Supreme Court also has supervisory powers over lower courts and , since the abolition of the Constitutional Court under the 2010 Constitution , determines the constitutionality of laws .
See also
Courts of Kyrgyzstan
External links
Court 's website
References
Eren Bülbül ( 1 January 2002 - 11 August 2017 ) was a Turkish 15-year-old boy from Maçka , Trabzon who was killed during the clashes between the PKK and the Turkish security forces in part of a Turkish military patrol during the Turkish-PKK conflict .
Life
The son of Ayşe and Hasan Bülbül , Bülbül was one of 12 children . He spent his entire life in Maçka , Trabzon , as he went to local Çatak Primary School and later Maçka Anatolian Religious High School . He lost his father in 2016 . He worked in his family 's garden and liked sports , an ambitious fan of Trabzonspor .
Death
On August 11 , 2017 , a group of PKK militants entered a house to obtain supplies after clashes with police . Bülbül saw them and informed the gendarmerie . He accompanied the police , showing them the house which the militants had entered . As a result of an attack by the PKK , both Bülbül and Gendarmerie Sergeant Major Ferhat Gedik were killed . After his death , 41 bullets were taken out from Senior Master Sergeant Ferhat Gedik 's body .
Reactions
Later , Eren 's mother Ayşe Bülbül said that his death had become the sorrow of the whole country . Additionally , his mother criticised the Turkish security forces who had taken her son with themselves to show where PKK militants were hiding , saying : `` My son would 've liked to be a martyr but a martyr in the military , not in front of his door. '' . The party leader of the Republican Peoples ' Party ( CHP ) Kemal Kiliçdaroğlu as well as Serpil Kemalbay of the Peoples Democratic Party ( HDP ) condemned the death of Bülbül .
Legacy
On 25 June 2019 , Turkish Airlines launched a survey on Twitter to name the new Boeing 787 aircraft . Among the options suggested in the survey were ancient city names such as Perga , Assos , Göbekli Tepe , and Zeugma , but Eren Bülbül 's name was not included in the list . When many Twitter users initiated a campaign to put the name Eren Bülbül on the plane , Turkish Airlines responded by naming the plane after Bülbül 's hometown Maçka . In August 2021 Turkish manufacturer of special purpose and military vehicles , Katmerciler , presented a new tactical vehicle , Katmerciler Eren , named after Eren Bülbül .
References
2017 murders in Turkey
August 2017 events in Turkey
August 2017 crimes in Asia
History of Trabzon Province
People from Maçka
Deaths by firearm in Turkey
People murdered in Turkey
2017 deaths
Murdered Turkish children
Incidents of violence against boys
2002 births
Kurdish–Turkish conflict ( 1978–present )
Turíbio Ruiz ( September 26 , 1929 – July 25 , 2020 ) was a Brazilian actor , television presenter , and radio presenter . His career as an actor and broadcaster spanned from the late 1940s to the early 2010s .
Biography
Ruiz was born in Poá , São Paulo state . His father , Ramon Ruiz Lopes , had settled in Poá after immigrating to Brazil from Spain . Turíbio Ruiz 's siblings included Ramon Ruiz Lopes Filho , a journalist .
Ruiz 's career began as an announcer and broadcaster for Rádio Marabá in the late 1940s . He also worked as a radio and television broadcaster based in Mogi das Cruzes , São Paulo state . Additionally , he appeared as a voice actor in Brazilian films and television series .
Ruiz provided the Brazilian Portuguese voice performances for many foreign-language films , notably the roles of John the Baptist ( Andre Gregory ) in Martin Scorsese 's The Last Temptation of Christ ( 1988 ) and Cole Carlin ( Anthony James ) in the 1974 film , High Plains Drifter , starring Clint Eastwood .
Ruiz 's last credit was the Rede Globo telenovela in 2010 . He portrayed Ruriá Karuê , an Indigenous Brazilian character , opposite Cléo Pires and Juca de Oliveira in the series .
Turíbio Ruiz died from a stroke in the city of São Paulo on July 25 , 2020 , at the age of 90 . He was buried in the Municipal Cemetery of Poá , the city where he was born in 1929 .
Ruiz had been married twice , including to the late actress , who died in 2004 . He had three children .
Filmography
Television
Films
References
External links
1929 births
2020 deaths
Brazilian television actors
Brazilian telenovela actors
Brazilian film actors
Brazilian male voice actors
Brazilian radio personalities
Brazilian people of Spanish descent
Ellis Reginald Davies ( 27 May 1929 – 9 February 2009 ) was a Welsh professional footballer who played for Southend United , Newcastle United , Swansea Town and Carlisle United , and won six caps for Wales .
Davies began his professional career at Southend United in 1949 after serving in the British Army , having previously been on the books of Southampton as an amateur . After two impressive seasons at Roots Hall , he was signed by Newcastle United for £10,000 in April 1951 , where Newcastle paid £9,000 up front and £1,000 when Davies made his full international debut , which he did against Scotland at Ninian Park , 18 months after joining Newcastle . Davies went on to play six times for Wales , his final cap coming against England in 1957 .
After seven seasons at Newcastle , where he played 157 league matches and scored 49 goals , Davies was sent to Swansea Town in October 1958 as part of the deal that took Ivor Allchurch to Newcastle . Davies spent four seasons at Swansea , before finishing his league career with two seasons at Carlisle United . In 1966 , Davies left professional football , and joined non-league Merthyr Tydfil where he spent one season .
As of November 1970 he was player-manager of King 's Lynn .
In 1971 , Davies emigrated to Perth , Australia , where he stayed in football and coached several local sides . He remained in Perth until his death on 9 February 2009 .
References
1929 births
2009 deaths
Carlisle United F.C . players
King 's Lynn F.C . players
Merthyr Tydfil F.C . players
Newcastle United F.C . players
Southend United F.C . players
Swansea City A.F.C . players
Welsh footballers
Wales international footballers
Welsh emigrants to Australia
Southampton F.C . players
Association football forwards
20th-century British Army personnel
Welsh military personnel
USS Triana ( IX-223 ) , an unclassified miscellaneous vessel , was the second ship of the United States Navy to be named for Rodrigo de Triana , the discoverer of the Americas .
Construction
Triana was laid down on 27 December 1943 , under a Maritime Commission contract , MC hull No . 2559 , as the Liberty ship SS Elinor Wylie , by California Shipbuilding Corporation , Terminal Island , Los Angeles , California , for the McCormick Steamship Lines ; launched on 24 January 1944 ; sponsored by Mrs. William O'Brien ; renamed Triana on 21 May 1945 ; acquired by the Navy from the War Shipping Administration ( WSA ) on a `` bare-boat '' basis on 24 May 194 ; and commissioned at Pearl Harbor the same day with Lieutenant Wyman W. Hodgkins , USNR , in command .
Service history
The ship had been severely damaged by an underwater explosion in 1944 , and was not considered seaworthy when fully loaded . Nevertheless , during the period 24 May to 29 July , she was patched up , strengthened , and converted into a floating storage ship by the Pearl Harbor Navy Yard .
On 30 July , Triana got underway for the Marshall Islands and arrived at Eniwetok on 11 August . One of her holds was consigned to fleet freight , and the remaining cargo space was utilized for drum storage . On 24 September , after the vessel had taken on some cargo , her Number 2 hold began leaking , and further loading operations were cancelled . The leaks were temporarily stopped , and the ship continued to receive and discharge fleet freight and drum lubricating oil until 30 November .
On 1 December , Triana got underway for Guam to unload 8,896 drums of lubricating oil . She arrived at Apra Harbor on 5 December , and departed for the United States on 24 December 1945 . The cargo ship arrived at San Francisco , California , on 15 January 1946 , to prepare for inactivation . Triana was decommissioned and returned to the War Shipping Administration on 21 February 1946 and struck from the Naval Vessel Register on 12 March 1946 .
Fate
She was placed in the National Defense Reserve Fleet , Suisun Bay Group . In a 17 October 1951 , Fleet Report it was recommended that she be scrapped because of the torpedo damage she had incurred during the war , it was estimated that it would cost less than $ 100,000 to repair her . She was purchased by the Lerner Company , on 12 September 1958 , for $ 73,640 . She was physically removed from the Reserve Fleet on 1 October 1958 .
Notes
Citations
Bibliography
Online resources
External links
Liberty ships
Ships built in Los Angeles
Unclassified miscellaneous vessels of the United States Navy
1944 ships
Suisun Bay Reserve Fleet
Laraki is a Moroccan sports car manufacturer .
Laraki may also refer to :
Ahmed Laraki ( born 1931 ) , Prime Minister of Morocco 1969–1971
Azzeddine Laraki ( 1929–2010 ) , Prime Minister of Morocco 1986–1992
See also
Al-Iraqi ( disambiguation )
The Dobrești mine is a large mine in the northwest of Romania in Bihor County , 55 km southwest of Oradea and 629 km north of the capital , Bucharest . Dobrești represents the largest bauxite reserve in Romania having estimated reserves of 10 million tonnes .
References
Bauxite mines in Romania
The Ballpark at Jackson is a 6,000-seat minor league baseball stadium in Jackson , Tennessee , United States . It opened in 1998 .
The Ballpark at Jackson was built by the municipal government of Jackson , Tennessee , and was the home of the Jackson Generals , formerly of the Southern League from 1998 to 2020 . The stadium is northeast of downtown Jackson and is visible from Interstate 40 .
It also hosts other events , including Pro Wrestling for the USA Championship Wrestling company .
History
In conjunction with Major League Baseball 's reorganization of the minor leagues after the 2020 season , the Jackson Generals were not invited to serve as any team 's affiliate , effectively ending their run in the Southern League and affiliated baseball altogether . The future of the team is uncertain . While , Major League Baseball has stated its intentions to assist cities like Jackson in joining independent baseball leagues , the team 's lease requires them to maintain a Class A , Double-A , or Triple-A affiliation to remain at The Ballpark at Jackson .
With no team lined up for 2021 , the Generals agreed to operate The Ballpark at Jackson as a temporary home for the Winnipeg Goldeyes , an independent American Association team based in Winnipeg , Manitoba , Canada , which was displaced due to COVID-19 travel restrictions . However , Jackson Mayor Scott Conger notified the teams that the Generals lost their authority to manage the city-owned ballpark when they lost their affiliation with Minor League Baseball and that they were issued an eviction notice to leave the stadium after May 30 , nine days after the Goldeyes ' May 21 home opener . On June 1 , the Goldeyes entered into a new license agreement with the city to continue use of the facility . The Generals and the City of Jackson went to an arbiter to determine which party had legal control of the stadium . The arbiter ruled in favor of the city , determining the team 's lease to be invalid after the loss of its affiliation and requiring the team to vacate the ballpark .
Naming rights
From its opening until November 1 , 2012 , The Ballpark at Jackson was known as Pringles Park , due to a naming rights agreement with Procter & Gamble , then-owners of the Pringles brand , which has a factory in Jackson . In 2012 , the Pringles brand was sold to Kellogg Company . Kellogg 's opted not to renew the naming rights agreement , and the name was changed to The Ballpark at Jackson for the 2013 season .
Notable events
The Ballpark at Jackson has hosted the 1999 and 2011 Southern League All-Star Games and the 2010 , 2011 , 2012 , and 2021 Ohio Valley Conference Baseball Tournament .
References
External links
Jackson Generals : Ballpark Info
City of Jackson : The Ballpark at Jackson
Pringles Park Views - Ball Parks of the Minor Leagues
Minor league baseball venues
Baseball venues in Tennessee
Buildings and structures in Madison County , Tennessee
Sports in Jackson , Tennessee
1998 establishments in Tennessee
Sports venues completed in 1998
The Block is the fifth studio album by New Kids on the Block . The album was released on September 2 , 2008 , along with a deluxe edition that included four bonus tracks . It sold 95,000 copies in its first week of release and debuted at number one on the U.S. Top Pop Albums chart and at number two on the Billboard 200 . Several artists collaborated on the album , such as Ne-Yo , Lady Gaga , The Pussycat Dolls , Akon , Teddy Riley and New Edition .
The first official single from the album is `` Summertime '' and the song was released on May 13 , 2008 . The second official single titled `` Single '' featuring Ne-Yo was released on August 12 , 2008 . The third single `` Dirty Dancing '' was released on December 19 . The single was the album 's most successful single in Europe and Canada , peaking at number 31 and reaching the number-one position on the CHUM Chart in Toronto on February 21 , 2009 after twelve weeks on the chart . The album 's fourth single , `` 2 in the Morning '' , was officially released February 23 , 2009 in the United States and the United Kingdom .
It is the group 's first studio album in fourteen years since Face the Music .
Release and reception
The Block was released on September 2 , 2008 and debuted at number one on the Billboard Pop Album Chart and at number two on the Billboard 200 , selling 95,000 copies in its first week of release . As of April 2013 , the album had sold 332,000 copies in the United States . On the Canadian Albums Chart , the album debuted at number one , becoming their first and only number-one album there . It sold 9,000 copies in its first week . The Block has been certified gold in Canada .
Track listing
`` Grown Man '' contains elements of the Aretha Franklin recording `` Chain of Fools '' , as written by Don Covay . It also contains elements of `` What Is Success '' written and performed by Allen Toussaint .
Re-recordings
`` Lights , Camera , Action '' was re-recorded with the Pussycat Dolls performing the primary vocals and is included on the deluxe edition of their Doll Domination album .
`` Lights , Camera , Action ' was also re-recorded for Lloyd 's mixtape Lessons In Love 2.0 .
The demo for `` Single '' appears as the third track on Ne-Yo 's album Year of the Gentleman
`` Click Click Click '' was originally a song written , produced , and recorded by Nasri .
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
References
External links
Review of The Block at Sputnikmusic
2008 albums
New Kids on the Block albums
Albums produced by Akon
Albums produced by Brian Kennedy ( record producer )
Albums produced by Emanuel Kiriakou
Albums produced by Polow da Don
Albums produced by RedOne
Albums produced by Teddy Riley
Albums produced by Timbaland
Albums produced by Fernando Garibay
Interscope Records albums
Marion Isaac McClinton ( July 26 , 1954 – November 28 , 2019 ) was an American theatre director , playwright , and actor . He was nominated for the Tony Award for King Hedley II . He won the 2000 Vivian Robinson Audelco Black Theatre Awards , Director/Dramatic Production and the 1999–2000 Obie Awards , Direction , for Jitney , and was nominated for the Drama Desk Award .
McClinton 's early theater career was at Penumbra Theatre Company in Saint Paul , Minnesota where he was born . He played the part of narrator in August Wilson 's first stage piece , Black Bart and the Sacred Hills in 1981 , and remained active at Penumbra through the early 1990s .
He has directed all of August Wilson 's plays , both on Broadway and regionally , and has been termed `` One of the leading Wilson directors '' . The first premiere of Wilson 's works that he directed was King Hedley II in 2001 , taking over from the then-retired Lloyd Richards as Wilson 's director .
He was an associate artist at Center Stage in Baltimore , Maryland , where he directed several Wilson plays as well as Les Blancs and Splash Hatch on the E Going Down . He directed at , among others , the Pittsburgh Public Theater ( several Wilson plays ) , Guthrie Theater , Alabama Shakespeare Festival , and Playwrights Horizons . At the Goodman Theatre he directed a staged reading of Fences as part of the Goodman 's August Wilson Celebration in February 2007 . He had previously directed King Hedley II , Gem of the Ocean and Jitney at the Goodman .
He directed an Off-Broadway production of Pure Confidence in May 2009 as part of Americas Off Broadway Festival .
McClinton died from kidney failure in Saint Paul on November 28 , 2019 , at age 65 .
Selected works
Jitney ( 2000 off-Broadway ) - Drama Desk Award , Outstanding Director of a Play nominee
King Hedley II ( 2001 Broadway ) Tony Award , Best Direction of a Play nominee
Ma Rainey 's Black Bottom ( 2003 Broadway )
Gem of the Ocean ( 2003 World premiere , Goodman Theater )
Drowning Crow ( 2004 Broadway )
Elmina 's Kitchen ( American premiere , 2005 , Center Stage )
References
External links
Official biography , management agency
`` Sharing the Stage With August Wilson '' , `` New York Times '' , April 29 , 2001
1954 births
2019 deaths
20th-century American dramatists and playwrights
20th-century American male actors
20th-century American male writers
21st-century American dramatists and playwrights
21st-century American male writers
African-American dramatists and playwrights
African-American male actors
American male dramatists and playwrights
American theatre directors
Artists from Saint Paul , Minnesota
Deaths from kidney failure
Male actors from Saint Paul , Minnesota
Writers from Saint Paul , Minnesota
20th-century African-American writers
21st-century African-American writers
African-American male writers
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
Walkin ' in the Rain with the One I Love was an R & B single in 1972 for the soul trio Love Unlimited , a studio group created by singer/producer Barry White . The main vocalists were female singers Glodean James , her sister , Linda James , and their cousin Diane Taylor . Glodean would eventually become White 's wife in 1974 ; the couple would split up in 1988 , though they never divorced .
The song is notable for White 's vocal appearance as a voice on the telephone . The lush sound and romantic atmosphere led to this becoming Love Unlimited 's first hit record , eventually rising to # 14 both on the U.S . Billboard Hot 100 and in the UK , as well as reaching # 6 on the Soul Singles chart in the spring of 1972 .
The record sold over a million copies , thus receiving a gold record for its sales . It would precede White 's debut as a solo act on the Billboard charts by one year , when he hit # 1 R & B with `` I 'm Gon na Love You Just A Little More Baby '' in May 1973 .
Chart history
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
References
1972 singles
1972 songs
Songs written by Barry White
Uni Records singles
Southern Pacific Freight Depot in Yuma , Arizona was built in 1891 , built with redwood shiplap and in the wooden Stick—Eastlake architectural motifs of the Victorian Queen Anne Style .
An office was added in 1917 .
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places ( NRHP ) in 1987 .
See also
List of historic properties in Yuma , Arizona
Southern Pacific Railroad Depot ( Yuma , Arizona ) – also NRHP-listed .
National Register of Historic Places listings in Yuma County , Arizona
References
Railway stations in the United States opened in 1891
Buildings and structures in Yuma , Arizona
Transportation in Yuma County , Arizona
Railway freight houses on the National Register of Historic Places
Railway buildings and structures in Arizona
Queen Anne architecture in Arizona
National Register of Historic Places in Yuma County , Arizona
Railway buildings and structures on the National Register of Historic Places in Arizona
Mohitabad ( , also Romanized as Moḩīţābād ; also known as Moḩīţābād-e Seyyedhā and Mahītabād ) is a village in Rivand Rural District , in the Central District of Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 876 , in 227 families .
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
The men 's road race at the 1989 UCI Road World Championships was the 56th edition of the event . The race took place on Sunday 27 August 1989 , in Chambéry , France over a distance of .
190 riders started , there were 42 classified finishers , and the winner 's average speed was .
The race was won by Greg LeMond of the United States . By winning the race , LeMond achieved two cycling doubles : This was his second World Championship road race win , following his victory at the 1983 event . He was also the World Championship road race and a Grand Tour winner in the same year , after his success at the 1989 Tour de France .
Final classification
References
Further reading
Men 's Road Race
UCI Road World Championships – Men 's road race
1989 in road cycling
Syndactyla is a genus of foliage-gleaners , birds in the ovenbird family Furnariidae .
Taxonomy
The genus Syndactyla was introduced in 1853 by the German naturalist Ludwig Reichenbach to accommodate the buff-browed foliage-gleaner . The name combines the Ancient Greek sun meaning `` together '' with daktulos meaning `` toe '' .
Species
The genus contains eight species :
Lineated foliage-gleaner , Syndactyla subalaris
Guttulate foliage-gleaner , Syndactyla guttulata
Buff-browed foliage-gleaner , Syndactyla rufosuperciliata
Rufous-necked foliage-gleaner , Syndactyla ruficollis
Planalto foliage-gleaner , Syndactyla dimidiata
Tepui foliage-gleaner , Syndactyla roraimae ( formerly placed in Automolus )
Peruvian recurvebill , Syndactyla ucayalae
Bolivian recurvebill , Syndactyla striatus
References
Bird genera
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxa named by Ludwig Reichenbach
Tutu may refer to :
Tutu ( clothing ) , a dress worn as a costume in a ballet performance
Tutu ( name ) , including a list of people with that name
Arts and entertainment
Tutu ( album ) , by Miles Davis , 1986
`` Tutu '' ( song ) , a 2019 song by Camilo and Pedro Capó
`` Tutu '' , a 2020 song by 6ix9ine from TattleTales
`` Tūtū '' , a composition by Liliuokalani
Princess Tutu , an anime series , and its title character
Tutu , the wife of Tottles , a Lewis Carroll fictional character
Tutu ( painting ) , by Ben Enwonwu
Places
Tutu , U.S. Virgin Islands , a subdistrict Saint Thomas
Tutu Island , in the Arno Atoll of the Marshall Islands
Tūtū , or Rabiabad , a village in South Khorasan Province , Iran
Tuţu , a village in Corbița , Vrancea County , Romania
Other uses
Tutu ( Egyptian god ) , during the Late Period
Tutu ( Egyptian official ) , one of pharaoh 's officials during the Amarna letters period
Tutu ( Mesopotamian god ) , a creation god
Tutu ( plant ) , poisonous New Zealand plants of the genus Coriaria
See also
TU ( disambiguation )
Two two ( disambiguation )
Osei Tutu , founder of the Ashanti Empire
Tootoo , an Inuit surname
Tututni , a native american tribe
Wawa Lake is a lake located in northeastern Ontario , Canada in the Algoma District , near the town of Wawa .
See also
List of lakes in Ontario
Lakes of Algoma District
Edward Lively ( 1586–1650 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons for Berwick-upon-Tweed from 1624 to 1628 .
References
1586 births
1650 deaths
English MPs 1624–1625
English MPs 1628–1629
Devyn is a unisex given name of English origin , meaning “ bard , poet , ” perhaps meaning “ young deer. ” Devyn is a version of Devin ( Irish , Gaelic ) . Devyn is also a form of Devon ( English ) .
The name Devyn was given to 259 girls and 107 boys born in the US in 2015 . Variants include Devyne and Devynne .
Notable people include :
Devyn
Devyn Dalton , American actress and stuntwoman
Devyn Jambga ( born 1995 ) , American-Zimbabwean football ( soccer ) player
Devyn Leask ( born 1999 ) , Zimbabwean swimmer
Devyn Marble ( born 1992 ) , American basketball player
Devyn Puett ( born 1977 ) , American actress and singer
Devyn Rose , American singer-songwriter
Devyne
Devyne Rensch ( born 2003 ) , Dutch footballer
Devynne
Devynne Charlton ( born 1995 ) , Bahamian athlete specialising in the 100 metres hurdles
Martin Netolický ( born 22 September 1982 , in Ústí nad Orlicí ) is a Czech politician , Governor of Pardubice Region since 2012 , Member of Regional Assembly of Pardubice Region since 2008 and Member of City Assembly of Česká Třebová since 2006 .
References
External links
Profile on website of Pardubice Region
1982 births
Living people
Czech Social Democratic Party governors
Masaryk University alumni
People from Ústí nad Orlicí
Blekinge County held a regional council election on 9 September 2018 at the same time as the general and municipal elections .
Results
There were 57 seats , ten more than in 2014 . The Social Democrats remained the largest party but suffered nearly seven points of a deficit from the 2014 results , going from 39.3 % to 32.5 % . In spite of this the increased numbers of seats meant the party remained at 19 seats . This was still a sizeably lower share . The Sweden Democrats recorded 20.6 % and became the second largest party , while the Moderates made gains in spite of a nationwide drop .
Municipal results
Percentage
By votes
References
Elections in Blekinge County
Blekinge
Foreigner is a science fiction novel by the Canadian author Robert J. Sawyer , originally published in 1994 by Ace Books . It is the final book of the Quintaglio Ascension Trilogy , following Far-Seer and Fossil Hunter . The book depicts an Earth-like world on a moon which orbits a gas giant , inhabited by a species of highly evolved , sentient Tyrannosaurs called Quintaglios , among various other creatures from the late Cretaceous period , imported to this moon by aliens 65 million years earlier .
Plot summary
In the beginning of the novel , Afsan is accidentally run over by a chariot , causing severe crush injuries to his face . As Quintaglios can regenerate large amounts of tissue , Afsan heals , and in the process , his eyes , which were cut out by Yenalb in Far-Seer , also regenerate . However , Afsan does not regain his sight , despite having fully anatomically functional eyes . Believing suggestions that the issue may be psychological , he consults Mokleb , who has recently pioneered the new field of psychoanalysis . While this does not cause him to regain his sight , it does cure the chronic nightmares and insomnia he suffered after setting up the royal culling in Fossil Hunter .
With the moon on which the Quintaglios live continuing its inward spiral towards the giant planet known as the `` Face of God '' , the death of their world continues to put a forced acceleration of Quintaglio scientific advancement . Within the discovered Jijaki spacecraft , the Quintaglios accidentally trigger the formation of a tower of kiit – a blue nanotech material . Much to their astonishment , this tower extends all the way to the Lagrangian point above the moon 's surface . Novato ventures upwards , making a monumental discovery : she discovers that there is a sort of surveillance camera system overlooking all of the worlds to which the `` Watcher '' ( from Fossil Hunter ) had the Jijaki transport life from Sol III ( Earth ) . Staying to watch , she glimpses many life-forms , including red blob-like creatures , Quintaglios , and humans . She also notices that several cameras are returning black screens , unsettling her as to the possible meaning . Proceeding to explore the structure at the top of the tower , she accidentally opens an airlock , nearly killing her . While saved by the emergency systems , she realizes that the Quintaglio aviation advancements up to that point will not be sufficient to evacuate their moon , as there is no air in space on which winged aircraft can fly .
Meanwhile , Toroca makes an equally astounding discovery – another sentient species of saurian , the `` Others '' , inhabiting a small archipelago on the other side of the moon from the continent known as Land . These dinosaurs are markedly different both in physiology and psychology to the Quintaglios ; most significantly , they use tools and cook meat , are capable of lying , and have a reduced sexual dimorphism , the last of which causes all Quintaglios except for Toroca – who has no territorial instincts – to immediately enter dagamant . After Captain Keenir kills two of the `` Others '' in such a frenzy , Toroca attempts to negotiate , with partial success . But the Others eventually decide that the Quintaglios are a threat to their survival and decide to exterminate them , sending a huge fleet for Land . In a last-ditch attempt to settle the dispute , Afsan ventures to one of the ships , where he is shot . Overcoming their cultural aversion to tools , the Quintaglios retaliate , using their prototype aircraft as bomber planes , dropping a napalm-like substance on the enemy fleet , destroying it .
Afsan does eventually regain his sight , but shortly thereafter dies from his wounds . Toroca , having rescued a child of the Others , raises it as his own .
In an epilogue , the Quintaglios have successfully achieved spaceflight , and send a great many starships out to many planets , including at least one – the Dasheter – to Earth , the original homeworld . Other advancements have been made as well ; for example , the Dasheter is navigated by an AI named Afsan , built to mimic the mannerisms of the long-dead astronomer .
Major themes
Following with the style of the previous two novels in the trilogy , Foreigner displays the interaction between science and religion . Just as Afsan was the equivalent of Galileo and Toroca of Charles Darwin , Mokleb corresponds to Sigmund Freud , having pioneered a new form of psychology - psychoanalysis .
The Science vs Religion theme has been further downplayed from what it was in Far-Seer , as the religions of the Quintaglios have partly faded in prominence .
References
External links
Robert J. Sawyer 's web site
The first chapter of Foreigner
1994 science fiction novels
1994 Canadian novels
Novels by Robert J. Sawyer
Novels about dinosaurs
Quintaglio Ascension Trilogy
Ace Books books
`` Puerto Pollensa '' is a song written by Argentine singer-songwriter and actress Marilina Ross , first recorded and popularized by singer Sandra Mihanovich , who released it as a single in 1981 and later included it in her album of the same name , released in June 1982 on MICSA , a subsidiary of label Microfón . The lyrics of the song are autobiographical and tell a love affair that Marilina Ross had on the beaches of Puerto Pollensa , a town north of Mallorca in the Balearic Islands .
The ban on music in English imposed by the dictatorship during the Falklands War in 1982 greatly benefited the careers of Argentine popular musicians , among them Mihanovich and Ross . `` Puerto Pollensa '' received a lot of radio airplay and was a commercial success , reaching number one on Cashboxs Argentine single 's chart in July 1982 . This context also allowed Ross to sign a record deal with Discos CBS and release the album Soles that year , which included her own rendition of `` Puerto Pollensa '' . Nevertheless , the dictatorship still prevented her from promoting the album on television or on public radio .
`` Puerto Pollensa '' is regarded as a quintessential gay anthem in Argentina and an icon of 1980s lesbian culture .
Background
Marilina Ross began her career as an actress in the 1960s and by 1975 was at her peak of popularity , thanks to her roles in Lautaro Murúa 's acclaimed film La Raulito and the Alberto Migré-penned telenovela Piel naranja . The year before , she had made her debut as a recording artist with the album Estados de ánimo , fulfilling the `` dream of her life '' . In 1976 , a coup d'état installed the last civil-military dictatorship in Argentina , inaugurating a period of state terrorism known as the Dirty War . Due to her Peronist activism , Ross received death threats and was prohibited from continuing to work , so she had to leave the country at the height of her career . She went into exile in Spain , where she had several job offers due to the box office success of La Raulito . The estrangement from her loved ones and her country was very distressing for Ross , who defined the time in exile as the worst stage of her life .
In July 1980 , Ross ' friend and fellow actor Luis Politti died , who was also exiled in Madrid . According to her , he died of sadness , and she felt that she would be the next to die if she did not return to Argentina . Ross composed `` Puerto Pollensa '' just before returning to her home country , referring to a love affair she had in the town of the same name located north of Mallorca , in the Balearic Islands . She recorded it with her guitar on a cassette tape and gave it to her significant other , intended to be a personal gift and a `` snapshot '' of the moment they lived together . The recipient of the song is rumored to be the feminist writer Susana Torres Molina . Ross has said that the new love she found in Puerto Pollensa made her `` climb out of the hole '' , and led her to return to Argentina , despite the fact that the dictatorship that had threatened her was still in power .
Ross and singer Sandra Mihanovich met in late 1980 through their mutual friend Alejandro Doria , who invited the latter to a party at Emilio Alfaro 's house to welcome Ross back to the country . Ross and Alfaro had divorced years ago , but they were still friends and he hosted her as soon as she returned from exile . During the gathering , she performed the recently written `` Puerto Pollensa '' on her guitar for the guests and , upon hearing it , Mihanovich immediately asked her permission to record it . Ross initially flatly refused , as it was an intimate gift she had never thought to release , but agreed when she insisted . Ross told Página/12 in 2013 : `` The Sandra thing was key . And I was not even completely convinced by the song . I said : 'Oh , that chorus ... how square it is ! ' I changed it , put other music on it , turned it over . It seemed to me that the music was very obvious , low quality , no ? In the end it beat me , I could n't change it and I left it as it was . '' Mihanovich was part of a new wave of musical acts that performed in a circuit of small bars centered in Buenos Aires , including Celeste Carballo , Horacio Fontova , Alejandro Lerner , La Torre and Rubén Rada . Since 1980 , Mihanovich was a house act in Shams , a tea house turned pub in Belgrano that became an iconic venue of the 1980s .
Composition
`` Puerto Pollensa '' is a love song that tells the story of two people that overcome the fear that prevented them from being together .
Although never explicitly , the lyrics subtly refer to a romantic encounter between two women , with some of the clues including the lyrics `` Me nació este amor , sin que me diera cuenta yo/Tal vez el miedo no dejó que apareciera '' ( English : `` This love was born without me realizing it/Maybe fear did n't let it appear '' ) and the metaphor of a `` seed that can not see the light '' ( Spanish : `` una semilla que no puede ver la luz '' ) . What is commonly interpreted as the confirmation comes at the end of the song , with the oft-cited lyrics : `` Y sin dormir nos fuimos a la playa y nos besamos descaradamente/Alucinando al gordito de gafas que fue corriendo a cambiarse los lentes '' ( English : `` And without sleep we went to the beach and shamelessly kissed each other/Astounding the chubby guy that ran to change his glasses '' ) .
Ross has said that the lyrics in part refer to how she felt when assuming her sexual orientation , with lyrics that speak of `` fear '' and `` panic '' , as well as the need to leave that behind . She explained : `` At that time I was very consubstantial with the internal change . I thought the revolution had to go through your own head . ''
Release and reception
`` Puerto Pollensa '' was first released as a 7-inch single by Sandra Mihanovich in late 1981 on MICSA , a subsidiary of label Microfón , along with the Alejandro Lerner-penned song `` Simple '' as its B-side . To avoid censorship , Marilina Ross was credited under her legal name María Celina Parrondo . `` Puerto Pollensa '' was included as the title track of Mihanovich 's second studio album , released in June 1982 .
The outbreak of the Falklands War on April 2 , 1982 led the military government to ban music in English on radio stations , which made local Spanish-language music , especially the previously censored Argentine rock ( known locally as rock nacional ) , expand to unprecedented limits . Mihanovich is said to have been `` at the right time with the right record '' , releasing the album a week before the war ended .
`` Puerto Pollensa '' was a commercial success . In July 1982 , it topped the Argentine singles chart reported by Prensario for Cashbox magazine . The Puerto Pollensa album had a lot of airplay on Argentine radio during 1982 and at the end of that year Mihanovich gave two massive concerts at the iconic Estadio Obras Sanitarias , becoming the first woman to perform in the venue known as `` the cathedral of national rock '' .
Mihanovich has included live versions of the song on various albums , including Sandra en Shams ( 1985 ) , Sandra en vivo ( 1998 ) , and Creciendo : En vivo en el Ópera ( 2007 ) .
Marilina Ross version
The success of Ross ' live performances , as well as the good reception of Mihanovich 's version of `` Puerto Pollensa '' , were attractive to record companies eager for new materials . The outbreak of war and consequent ban on music in English also fueled her musical career , allowing her to get a record deal . She recalled in 2011 : `` The Falklands War came , music was banned in English , and there I went from being prohibited to having three record labels vying for my presence . So I finally could choose between three labels to be able to record my songs ! Thanks to a war , how terrible . ''
Her studio album Soles was released in November 1982 on Discos CBS and included her own version of `` Puerto Pollensa '' , considered one of the highlights of the record . The album was produced by the songwriting duo Piero-José , formed by musicians Piero de Benedictis and José Tcherkaski . Ross presented Soles with three concerts held on November 26 , 27 and 28 at the Teatro Odeón , a show in which she combined music with monologues , jointly written with Susana Torres Molina . Since the name Marilina Ross was technically still banned , the songs could only be played on private radio stations—Continental , Rivadavia or del Plata—and she was prevented from promoting Soles on television . To promote Soles , Discos CBS released `` Puerto Pollensa '' as a promotional single in Spain in 1984 , with `` Como mis padres '' as its B-side .
Legacy
Considered the first Argentine popular song to thematize love between women , `` Puerto Pollensa '' became an enduring gay anthem , especially among the lesbian community , released at a time when the secrecy of non-heterosexual relationships was a source of shared codes and interpretations of cultural products . Journalist and activist Marta Dillon wrote in 2010 that `` thirty years later lesbians of all ages continue singing the entire lyrics by heart '' .
The song had an important role in the process of visibility of homosexuality that took place in Argentina after the return to democratic rule in 1983 .
Mihanovich has said that the song `` served to make women love each other more '' .
Advertisements in the 1990s activist periodical La Hora Lésbica show the existence of lesbian bars named after the song in Buenos Aires .
Despite becoming icons of the burgeoning gay culture of 1980s Argentina , both Mihanovich and Ross refused to speak publicly about their non-heterosexuality for decades , although this was considered an open secret .
Nevertheless , Mihanovich has said on several occasions that she does not consider herself an LGBT activist . She told La Capital in 2019 : `` I have had the fortune to say what I thought , what I felt , I had the consistent attitude for many years , like more or less everything I could say I could do , I have not been a great activist , I do not feel like an activist . I do feel that I was choosing songs and saying things that I felt and that this coincided with the feelings of many others . So I opened doors for me and opened doors for others as well . What more can one ask for . ''
`` Puerto Pollensa '' is regarded as a classic . The Argentine edition of Rolling Stone and MTV ranked the song 83rd on their 2002 list of the `` 100 Hits of Argentine Rock '' .
In 2019 , Chilean musician Javiera Mena mentioned Sandra Mihanovich and the song `` Puerto Pollensa '' when asked about her `` lesbian role models in music '' .
Usage in media and cover versions
`` Puerto Pollensa '' was featured in the 2002 hit television series Los simuladores as a favorite song of Martín Seefeld , a main character played by Gabriel David Medina .
Italian singer Iva Zanicchi covered `` Puerto Pollensa '' and included it as the closing track of her 1982 Spanish-language album Yo , por amarte . It was also recorded under the title `` Renació este amor '' by Puerto Rican singer Sophy in 1983 , as part of her album Compárame . In 2017 , the Argentine duo Ibiza Pareo released a cover version of the song .
Charts
Personnel
Credits adapted from the liner notes of the album Puerto Pollensa .
Sandra Mihanovich – vocals
Ricardo Kleinman – producer
Damián Figueroa – arrangement , orchestral conducting , guitar
Iván Mihanovich – keyboards
Enrique `` Quique '' Conte – bass
Jorge `` Cacho '' Patrono – drums
See also
1980s in Latin music
1981 in music
1982 in music
LGBT music
LGBT rights in Argentina
Media portrayal of lesbianism
Rock en español
Women 's music
References
External links
`` `` at Discogs
`` `` at Last.fm
`` `` at Rate Your Music
1981 songs
1981 singles
1980s ballads
Number-one singles in Argentina
Argentine rock songs
Argentine pop songs
LGBT-related songs
Spanish-language songs
Pop ballads
Shawna Cain is a Canadian performer of Christian music from Brampton , Ontario , whose 2020 EP The Way won the Juno Award for Contemporary Christian/Gospel Album of the Year at the Juno Awards of 2021 .
Her style blends Christian music themes with contemporary rhythm and blues and hip hop influences .
References
External links
21st-century Black Canadian women singers
Canadian performers of Christian music
Canadian rhythm and blues singers
Musicians from Brampton
Juno Award for Contemporary Christian/Gospel Album of the Year winners
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Weberbauerella brongniartioides is a South American species of legume . It is the only member of the genus Weberbauerella ( though some sources also list Weberbauerella raimondiana Ferreyra ) . It was recently assigned to the informal monophyletic Dalbergia clade of the Dalbergieae .
References
Dalbergieae
Monotypic Fabaceae genera
The Dogwood Dominion Award was an honor given annually to a person in American Thoroughbred horse racing . It was established in 1993 by W. Cothran `` Cot '' Campbell , president of the racing partnership Dogwood Stable , now based in Aiken , South Carolina . It was created to recognize the `` unsung heroes '' in the racing industry . The award was inspired by the multiple stakes winner Dominion ( 1972-1993 ) , who was raced by Dogwood Stable in the 1970s and who went on to become a five-time Champion Sire in England . In 2011 , the Dogwood Dominion Award was no longer awarded .
Dominion Award Recipients :
2010 - Barbi Moline
2009 - Mary Lee-Butte
2008 - Vincent Garibaldi
2007 - Phyllis Shetron
2006 - Pete Lizarzaburu
2005 - Jo Anne Normile
2004 - Pam Berg
2003 - Neftali Gutierrez
2002 - Shirley Edwards & Jim Greene
2001 - Julian `` Buck '' Wheat
2000 - Katherine Todd Smith
1999 - Daniel Perlsweig
1998 - Donald `` Peanut Butter '' Brown
1997- Nick Caras
1996 - Grace Belcuore
1995 - Peggy Sprinkles
1994 - Howard `` Gelo '' Hall
1993 - H. W. `` Salty '' Roberts
References
External links
July 13 , 2004 article on the Dogwood Dominion Award at About.com , a part of The New York Times Company
The 2009 Dogwood Dominion Award
American horse racing awards
`` If You Want It '' is a song by Niteflyte . It was released in 1979 as a single from their debut self-titled album .
The song is the band 's only Top 40 hit on the Billboard Hot 100 and Billboard 's Hot Soul Singles charts , peaking at No . 37 and No . 21 respectively . In 2021 , it was sampled by Flamingosis in his track `` Cosmic Feeling '' .
Chart performance
References
1979 singles
1979 songs
Ariola Records singles
Suibne mac Cináeda ( died 1034 ) was an eleventh-century ruler of the Gall Gaidheil , a population of mixed Scandinavian and Gaelic ethnicity . There is little known of Suibne as he is only attested in three sources that record the year of his death . He seems to have ruled in a region where Gall Gaidheil are known to have dwelt : either the Hebrides , the Firth of Clyde region , or somewhere along the south-western coast of Scotland from the Firth of Clyde southwards into Galloway .
Suibne 's patronym , meaning `` son of Cináed '' , may indicate that he was a member of the royal Alpínid dynasty . For instance , the patronym could be evidence that he was a brother of the reigning Máel Coluim mac Cináeda , King of Alba , or else a son of Cináed mac Duib , King of Alba . Suibne 's career appears to have coincided with an expansion of the Gall Gaidheil along the south-west coast of what is today Scotland . This extension of power may have partially contributed to the destruction of the Kingdom of Strathclyde , an embattled realm which then faced aggressions from Dublin Vikings , Northumbrians , and Scots . The circumstances of Suibne 's death are unknown , although one possibility could be that he was caught up in the vicious dynastic-strife endured by the Alpínids .
Attestation
Suibne 's death is recorded in 1034 by the fifteenth- to sixteenth-century Annals of Ulster , the fourteenth-century Annals of Tigernach , and the sixteenth-century Annals of Loch Cé . These three sources accord him the title `` ri Gall-Gaidhel '' , `` rí Gall-Gáedel '' , and `` rí Gall Goeidil '' . This style which could be evidence that Suibne ruled in either the Isles , Galloway , or somewhere along the south-western coast of Scotland north of the Solway Firth . In fact , little is certain of Suibne , as he is not attested by any other historical source .
The Gaelic Gaidheal ( plural Gaidheil ) is primarily a linguistic term referring to speakers of Gaelic . The Gaelic term Gall Gaidheil , literally meaning `` Stranger-Gaidheil '' , first appears on record in the mid-ninth century . At this period in time , the term Gall ( plural Gaill ) referred to Scandinavians , which indicates that Gall Gaidheil should be taken to mean `` Scandinavian-Gaidheil '' . The term appears to have been applied to a population of mixed Scandinavian and Gaelic ethnicity in the Hebrides and part of the former kingdom of Dál Riata . The leader of the Gall Gaidheil in the mid part of the century appears to have been a certain Caittil Find—possibly identical to Ketill Flatnefr of Scandinavian saga tradition—who may have been seated in the Hebrides . If the little that is known of Caittil and his connection with the Gall Gaidheil is correct , it could be evidence that Suibne was a Hebridean chieftain as well .
[ [ File : Suibne mac Cináeda ( Bodleian Library MS Rawlinson B 489 , folio 39r ) .jpg|thumb|left|alt=Refer to caption|Suibne 's title as it appears on folio 39r of Oxford Bodleian Library Rawlinson B 489 ( the Annals of Ulster ) . < ref > The Annals of Ulster ( 2012 ) § 1034.10 ; The Annals of Ulster ( 2008 ) § 1034.10 ; Anderson ( 1922 ) p. 578 n. 1 ; [ [ # B6|Bodleian Library MS. Rawl . B . 489 ' ( n.d. ) ] ] . < /ref > ] ]
The Scottish place name Galloway—rendered in modern Gaelic Gall-Ghaidhealaibh—is derived from the Gaelic i nGall Gaidhealaib ( `` amongst the Gall Gaidheil '' ) . The thirteenth-century Orkneyinga saga refers to Galloway in Old Norse as Gaddgeðlar , a name clearly derived from Gall Gaidheil . The region was certainly associated with the Gall Gaidheil earlier in the previous century . Specifically , two members of the region 's ruling family—Roland fitz Uhtred and Alan fitz Roland—are styled by the Annals of Ulster as `` rí Gall Gaidhel '' ( `` King of the Gall Gaidheil '' ) like Suibne himself . Although this title could suggest some sort of connection between Suibne and Galloway , there is no evidence of any familial link between him and the later Gallovidian rulers . In fact , it is only by the twelfth century , during the floruits of that earliest members of the Gallovidian ruling family , that the Gall Gaidheil terminology came to be territorially confined within the boundaries of Galloway .
Context
If Suibne nevertheless ruled in Galloway , the notices of his death could be the first known instances of the term Gall Gaidheil in associated with the region . It would also mean that he was a precursor to the similarly styled Gallovidian rulers . A more-contemporary figure , Echmarcach mac Ragnaill , King of Dublin and the Isles , may well have ruled in Galloway as well , if the style `` rex Innarenn '' , accorded to him by Marianus Scottus , means `` King of the Rhinns '' , as opposed to the possible `` King of the Isles '' . In about 1031 , Echmarcach was one of several northern kings who convened with , and possibly submitted to , Knútr Sveinnsson , ruler of the Anglo-Scandinavian Empire comprising the kingdoms of Denmark , England , and Norway . If Suibne and Echmarcach were indeed associated with Galloway , Echmarcach 's dealings with the English king—only a few years before the Suibne 's death—could suggest that Echmarcach and Suibne were rivals within the region .
The original mainland territory of the Gall Gaidheil appears to have been much more expansive than Galloway . The ninth-century Félire Óengusso Céli Dé and the ninth-century Martyrology of Tallaght reveal that Bute , an island of the Firth of Clyde , was encompassed within the territory of the Gall Gaidheil . This evidence could indicate that the original territory of the Gall Gaidheil lay within the Firth of Clyde region and nearby Cowal . In the mediaeval period , the Rhinns appears have also included what is today known as the Machars . The entire region would have thus stretched from the North Channel to Wigtown Bay , and would have likely encompassed an area similar to the modern boundaries of Wigtownshire . The evidence of Echmarcach 's authority in the Rhinns may reveal that much of what came to be known as Galloway was originally separate from the Gall Gaidheil territory . This could mean that the Rhinns was not part of the Gall Gaidheil territory during Suibne 's floruit , and only came to be incorporated into these lands at a later date , perhaps the twelfth century .
Another figure who may have held power in Galloway at about the time of Suibne 's floruit was a particular son of Sitriuc mac Amlaíb , King of Dublin . According to the thirteenth-century Historia Gruffud vab Kenan , a son of Sitriuc named Amlaíb was the grandfather of Gruffudd ap Cynan , King of Gwynedd . If this source is to be believed , Amlaíb held royal power in the Rhinns and the territory of the Gall Gaidheil ( amongst other places ) . The text makes a clear distinction between the Rhinns and the lands of the Gall Gaidheil , treating them as separate territories . This suggests that the region encompassed within present-day Wigtownshire was regarded as distinct from the territory of the Gall Gaidheil in the eleventh century . The account may also be evidence that Amlaíb was a contemporary of Echmarcach and Suibne , and could indicate that he held power in Galloway and the Isles at some point between 1028 ( the year his father set out upon a pilgrimage ) and 1034 ( a possible year of his death ) .
The patronym borne by Suibne is the same as that of the reigning Máel Coluim mac Cináeda , King of Alba . This patronym could be evidence that he and Máel Coluim were related . One possibility is that Suibne 's patronym shows that he and Máel Coluim were brothers , and that Suibne had been placed upon the throne in a region occupied by the Gall Gaidheil . In support of such an act is the fact that the twelfth-century Prophecy of Berchán associates Máel Coluim with Islay and Arran , and the claim by Ailred , Abbot of Rievaulx that Gallovidians were vassals of Máel Coluim 's eventual successor Máel Coluim mac Donnchada , King of Alba . Máel Coluim certainly extended Scottish royal authority southwards into Lothian , and Strathclyde . If he had indeed managed to insert a brother into Galloway it could suggest that he possessed overlordship there as well , perhaps after his annexation of the former kingdom of Strathclyde . The notices of Suibne 's demise , therefore , could be the first record of Scottish control of regions south-west of the River Clyde . If Suibne and Máel Coluim were not brothers , Suibne 's patronym could instead be evidence that he was a son of Cináed mac Duib , King of Alba . This could mean that Máel Coluim allowed Suibne to reign over the Gall Gaidheil as a way of restraining him from claiming the kingship of Alba .
There is reason to suspect that the eleventh-century decline and demise of the Cumbrian realm of Strathclyde could have been connected with the expansion of the Gall Gaidheil . One of the last recorded members of this kingdom 's royal family was Owain Foel , King of Strathclyde , a man who lent military assistance to Máel Coluim against the Northumbrians in 1018 . It is conceivable that Gall Gaidheil encroachment into Cumbrian territory was initiated upon Owain Foel 's own demise . Máel Coluim could have also seized upon this man 's death , claiming the Cumbrian kingship for himself .
One possibility is that Suibne , as King of the Gall Gaidheil , was personally responsible for the conquest of western maritime region of the Cumbrians . In fact , the Annals of Tigernach record a ravaging inflicted upon Britons in 1030 by both the Gaill of Dublin and the English . Since this violent episode receives no corroboration from English and Welsh sources , such as the ninth- to twelfth-century Anglo-Saxon Chronicle and the eleventh- to thirteenth-century Annales Cambriæ , it is possible that the recorded attack relates to the Cumbrians rather than the Welsh . The claim by Historia Gruffud vab Kenan—that Sitriuc 's son held power in the Rhinns amongst other regions—could be further evidence that the Cumbrians suffered from attacks by the Dubliners . Such incursions could well have been coordinated with the Gall Gaidheil . Alternately , if Suibne and Máel Coluim were indeed brothers , another possibility is that Suibne 's title is evidence that Máel Coluim mac Cináeda seized upon the vacated Cumbrian kingship and installed Suibne as king over the Cumbrians . Such a move may explain the Scots ' failure to immediately exploit their victory over the Northumbrians , and could indicate that Máel Coluim 's resources were instead projected against the vulnerable Cumbrian realm .
Echmarcach 's meeting with Knútr included two other kings : Máel Coluim and the Moravian ruler , Mac Bethad mac Findlaích . Although Máel Coluim and Mac Bethad appear to have been related , the nature of the relationship between Máel Coluim and Echmarcach is uncertain . If Suibne was indeed a brother of the Scottish king , and ruled in Galloway at his behest , it could be evidence that Echmarcach was another client-king of Máel Coluim . In fact , the agreement with Knútr could indicate that Máel Coluim enjoyed overlordship over Mac Bethad and Echmarcach . If so , and if Máel Coluim indeed held power in the southern Hebrides as the Prophecy of Berchán seems to suggest , Echmarcach 's realm may have encompassed Mann , the Rhinns , and only the Hebridean islands north of the Ardnamurchan peninsula . If Suibne and Máel Coluim were indeed brothers , and the former owed his authority amongst the Gall Gaidheil '' to the power of the Scottish Crown , it is even possible that the Scots expelled Echmarcach from the Isles at some point between the concord with Knútr and Suibne 's death as king .
Another possibility dependent upon kinship between Máel Coluim and Suibne concerns the fact that both men died within the same year . The former was the final member of the Alpínid dynasty to rule the Kingdom of Scotland , and was succeeded by his maternal-grandson , Donnchad ua Maíl Choluim . In the later stages of his career , Máel Coluim seems to have taken steps to remove potential threats to the royal succession , and in this context appears to have orchestrated the assassination of the son or grandson of a certain Boite mac Cináeda in 1033 . Not only is the exact identity of this man uncertain—as he could have been either a brother or cousin of Máel Coluim—but Máel Coluim himself died under obscure circumstances . If Máel Coluim and Suibne were indeed brothers , the deaths of both men within the same year could well be connected , and could be evidence of conflict between the kings , with Suibne himself dying in battle against Máel Coluim . If Suibne was instead a son of Cináed mac Duib , Máel Coluim 's move to eliminate a rival line to the succession could further evince accommodation between Máel Coluim and Suibne in regard to the kingship . In any event , if Suibne had no familial connection with the later rulers of Galloway , it is possible that his kingdom or sub-kingdom died with him .
Notes
Citations
References
Primary sources
Secondary sources
1034 deaths
11th-century Scottish monarchs
History of Galloway
House of Alpin
Norse-Gaelic monarchs
People of the Kingdom of the Isles
Year of birth unknown
Lords of Galloway
Craspedoxantha veroniae is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Craspedoxantha of the family Tephritidae .
Distribution
Kenya .
References
Tephritinae
Insects described in 1985
Diptera of Africa
In Māori mythology , Te Uranga-o-te-rā is the fifth-lowest level of the underworld , ruled by Rohe , the wife of Māui , where `` she kills all the spirits she can . ''
References
R.D . Craig , Dictionary of Polynesian Mythology ( Greenwood Press : New York , 1989 ) , 314–5
E.R . Tregear , Maori-Polynesian Comparative Dictionary , ( Lyon and Blair : Lambton Quay , 1891 ) , 421 , 578 .
Notes
Māori underworld
Chris Enochs is a former Minor League Baseball pitcher .
Career
Enochs played baseball for the West Virginia University Mountaineers . In 1996 , he played collegiate summer baseball with the Falmouth Commodores of the Cape Cod Baseball League . Enochs was selected 11th overall in the 1997 Major League Baseball draft by the Oakland Athletics . He played for several minor league teams from 1997 through 2005 .
Personal life
He is married and has two daughters .
References
American baseball players
Living people
1975 births
West Virginia Mountaineers baseball players
Falmouth Commodores players
All-American college baseball players
Southern Oregon Timberjacks players
Modesto A 's players
Huntsville Stars players
Visalia Oaks players
Midland RockHounds players
Sacramento River Cats players
New Orleans Zephyrs players
Indianapolis Indians players
People from New Cumberland , West Virginia
Markt Einersheim is a market town and municipality in the district of Kitzingen in Bavaria , Germany . On April 5 , 1945 , at the end of World War II , the town was bombed by United States Army Air Forces P-47 Thunderbolts . American troops captured the town from German forces , who retreated to the southeast , on April 6 .
References
External links
Official website
Kitzingen ( district )
The 2012 Albany Great Danes football team represented the University at Albany , SUNY in the 2012 NCAA Division I FCS football season . They were led by 40th year head coach Bob Ford and played their home games at University Field . They were a member of the Northeast Conference .
The 2012 season was the end of an era for Albany football . It was the Great Danes ' final season as a member of the Northeast Conference as they will join the Colonial Athletic Association in 2013 . It was also their final season at University Field , as they will begin CAA play at the new Bob Ford Field .
The Great Danes finished the season 9–2 , 7–1 in NEC play to claim a share of the conference title with Wagner . Due to their head to head lost with Wagner , Albany did not receive the conference 's automatic bid into the FCS playoffs and they did not receive an at-large bid .
Schedule
References
Albany
Albany Great Danes football seasons
Northeast Conference football champion seasons
Albany Great Danes football
Howard Carmack , also known as the Buffalo Spammer , was the first sender of spam in the United States to be imprisoned . He was arrested in New York in May 2003 , and sentenced in March 2004 to between 3.5 and 7 years in prison .
Carmack sent out 825 million e-mails , fraudulently using the identities of two people from the city of Buffalo , as well as hundreds of aliases .
Before this conviction , Carmack also lost a lawsuit before a federal court in Atlanta , which required him to pay damages of US $ 14.5 million to Earthlink , his former internet service provider , for the same actions .
See also
List of spammers
References
Email spammers
People from Buffalo , New York
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
The following tables indicate the states that are party to the various Hague Conventions of 1899 and 1907 . If a state has ratified , acceded , or succeeded to one of the treaties , the year of the original ratification is indicated . An `` S '' indicates that a state has signed but not yet ratified a particular treaty , and a `` – '' indicates that the state has taken no action with respect to the treaty . Italicised states have ceased to exist with no legal successor . Dates which have been struck and have a `` ( W ) '' are ratifications that have been subsequently withdrawn .
1899 Hague Conventions and Declarations
1907 Hague Conventions
Notes
References
External links
Hague Peace Conventions 1899 , Netherlands Ministry of Foreign Affairs ( official depository )
Hague Peace Conventions 1907 , Netherlands Ministry of Foreign Affairs ( official depository )
`` Treaties and State Parties to Such Treaties '' , icrc.org
Hague Conventions of 1899 and 1907
List
Nero ( stylised as NERO ) are a British electronic music trio composed of members Dan Stephens , Joe Ray and Alana Watson . On 12 August 2011 , they released their debut studio album , Welcome Reality , which reached number one in the UK Albums Chart . In August 2012 , `` Promises '' received a Gold certification in the United States . On 10 February 2013 , Nero won a Grammy Award for their collaborative remix of `` Promises '' with Skrillex . Their second studio album , Between II Worlds , was released on 11 September 2015 .
History
Ray and Stephens were both born in 1984 . Ray grew up in Northwood , London , whilst Stephens grew up in Notting Hill . The boys met Watson when they were 18 . Ray played classical guitar and Stephens played cello with encouragement from his free-jazz musician father . By the time a mutual friend introduced them at the age of 17 , Stephens was attending the specialist music school at Pimlico . Outside school both were making electronic music on home computers . They began working together at 17 , setting up a studio in Stephens ' bedroom . The latter had already been a fan of jungle music after seeing M-Beat featuring General Levy on Top of the Pops in 1994 . Ray 's epiphany ( according to Q ) , happened in the London club Fabric where the duo 's ideas about producing were cemented .
Nero 's debut release was `` Space 2001 '' as part of the `` Straight Outta Leicester '' three piece vinyl LP on Reformed Recordings in 2004 . Watson started featuring on Nero 's songs from 2008 , namely `` Solid Air '' ( Punchy Recordings ) and `` This Way '' ( Audio Freaks ) which was their debut dubstep release , and is now a full-time member of the band .
Nero released the EP , 'Requiem ' , 10 May 2006 , predominantly hard drum and bass , which quickly saw their acknowledgement rise within the dance music scene .
Sasha Frere-Jones , journalist for the New Yorker Magazine , listed Nero 's remix of The Streets , `` Blinded by the Lights '' in his top songs of 2009 . The track had radio airplay in the U.K. as well as being played by DJs including Chase & Status , Skream , Tiësto and Diplo .
Welcome Reality ( 2010–2012 )
The trio released their first single on MTA , `` Innocence '' , in the United Kingdom on 26 April 2010 . The single was released as a double A-side with the track `` Electron '' as a digital download , as well as on vinyl . The track peaked at number one hundred and sixty seven on the U.K. Singles Chart besides peaking at numbers sixteen and eleven on the Dance and Independent charts respectively . In November 2010 , Nero unveiled their BBC Radio 1 Essential Mix . The mix went on to extreme critical acclaim and has been widely regarded as `` The Greatest BBC Radio 1 Essential Mix of All Time '' . The mix was recorded at the height of the dubstep popularity and features a wide variety of genres such as ; Drum and Bass , French House , Dubstep and Electronica . The 2010 Nero Essential Mix also later became a talking point on 4 September 2015 as there was a wide debate upon Reddit users on 'the best Essential Mix of all time ' . On the website , users had a heavy favour of the mix ( slightly edging out Zeds Dead in second place ) even though it was recorded 5 years earlier , furthermore , it received the publicly voted awards of `` Greatest Essential Mix of All Time '' and `` Fan Favorite Essential Mix '' On 6 December 2010 , Nero was nominated for the BBC 's Sound of 2011 poll .
The nomination was followed by the addition of their second single on MTA `` Me and You '' to BBC Radio 1 's A List playlist on 8 December 2010 . The single was released in the United Kingdom as both a digital download and a 12 '' vinyl on 2 January 2011 , where it debuted at number fifteen on the U.K. Singles Chart , also managing to reach the number one spot on the independent releases chart . The trio 's third single , `` Guilt '' made its premiere on 22 February when Zane Lowe selected it as the Hottest Record in the World .
On the week ending dated 14 July 2012 `` Promises '' debuted at number 81 on the Billboard Hot 100 in the United States , which marked their first single to chart in the United States . Their debut album entitled Welcome Reality was released on 15 August 2011 and debuted at number one in the UK Albums Chart .
Nero composed an orchestral piece known as The Dubstep Symphony ( later officially titled 'Symphony 2808 ' ) , performed by the band in collaboration with the BBC Philharmonic Orchestra , conducted by Joe Duddell on BBC Radio 1 on 6 June 2011 .
The trio toured their live show after the release of their album during Autumn 2011 in both the United Kingdom and United States . In early 2012 , the trio toured their live show entitled 'Second Reality Tour ' across Australia , the United Kingdom and North America . Nero declined touring as a support act for Madonna 's MDNA Tour over the summer , as they felt that they needed to spend much more time in the studio .
The Skrillex & Nero remix of Monsta 's `` Holdin On '' received its premiere on Zane Lowe 's BBC Radio 1 show on 1 October 2012 . The remix was featured on Monsta 's self-titled EP , released on 23 October 2012 .
Their song , `` Promises '' is featured in the HP television advertisement for their notebooks with Beats Audio in 2012 .
On 22 October 2012 , their debut album was re-released as Welcome Reality + . It features two extra tracks , `` Wo n't You ( Be There ) '' and `` Etude '' , along with the Skrillex & Nero remix of `` Promises '' . An EP of `` Wo n't You ( Be There ) '' was released on the same day , featuring the original alongside `` Etude '' and remixes from Baauer and Club Cheval .
Between II Worlds ( 2013–2016 )
On 23 April 2013 , their track for the soundtrack of the Baz Luhrmann rendition of The Great Gatsby was revealed : `` Into The Past '' .
On 12 November 2013 , a 28-minute ambient piece was posted to their SoundCloud , along with the words `` Sorry to have left you in the dark for so long . The second album is coming in 2014 . '' On 24 December 2013 , in an interview with Vh1 India , Nero revealed that the track was actually a 3-minute ambient song looped on purpose to be 28 minutes and 8 seconds long to reveal the number 2808 – a number frequently associated with Nero , which is the title of the first track on Welcome Reality . ''
On 13 May 2014 , the album 's lead single `` Satisfy '' premiered on BBC Radio 1 as Zane Lowe 's Hottest Record in the World .
In February 2015 the band 's record label MTA Records posted a picture of a tweet by Stuart Hawke stating that he had just started mastering the new album by Nero . On 19 March 2015 , Nero announced they had finished the album , and premiered its second single , `` The Thrill '' . The single was released on 20 March 2015 alongside remixes by Porter Robinson , TCTS , René LaVice and KANT .
On 10 April , it was announced that the album is called Between II Worlds , and it would be released on 28 August 2015 ( coinciding with their recurring use of the number '2808 ' ) but the release date was later delayed to 11 September . The album was made available to pre-order on the same day , with `` Satisfy '' and the title track offered as an instant grat for those who pre-order a copy . The album features a reworked version of `` Into the Past '' , from The Great Gatsby soundtrack . `` Two Minds '' was released as the album 's third single on 11 September 2015 . `` Into the Night '' was released as the fourth single from Between II Worlds on 8 January 2016 .
Side projects and new material ( 2016–present )
Group members Dan Stephens and Alana Watson got married in December 2015 . They announced in June 2017 that they were expecting a baby and that Alana would not be resuming her touring duties until the baby 's arrival in 2018 .
NERO focused more on side projects after the release of Between II Worlds . Joe Ray launched a solo project in 2017 , while Stephens and Watson announced a new electronic pop project The Night in March 2018 . During promotion for The Night , Stephens and Watson clarified that Nero was still active alongside the side projects , with new music in the works .
In 2021 during the lead-up to the 10th Anniversary of Welcome Reality , the debut album , the band released three remixes of classics from Daft Punk , Frankie Goes to Hollywood and Disciples after a nearly two year silence .
In 2022 , Nero joined Deadmau5 “ We Are Friends Tour ” tour as the main support act . They also went on to remix Deadmau5 track “ XYZ ” on his label Mau5trap , which was released on August 26th , 2022 .
Other works
In December 2012 , the band produced the song `` Follow Me '' , for the British rock band Muse .
The song 's instrumental version ( without vocals ) was later used in the soundtrack of the 2013 blockbuster film World War Z , in the end credits .
In December 2018 , the song `` Lullaby '' was released on the compilation album Ninjawerks : Vol . 1 under the record label Astralwerks in collaboration with American Twitch streamer Ninja .
Discography
Studio albums
Welcome Reality ( 2011 )
Between II Worlds ( 2015 )
Awards and nominations
|-
| align= '' center '' | 2013
| `` Promises '' ( Skrillex & Nero Remix )
| Best Remixed Recording , Non - Classical
|
|-
| align= '' center '' | 2012
| Nero
| Best International Dubstep Act
|
|-
| align= '' center '' | 2011
| `` Promises ''
| Best Contemporary Song
|
|-
| align= '' center '' | 2011
| Nero
| Best New Act
|
|-
| align= '' center '' | 2011
| Welcome Reality
| Best Album
|
|-
| align= '' center '' rowspan= '' 2 '' | 2011
| Nero
| Best Dubstep Producers
|
|-
| Nero
| Best Dubstep DJs
|
|-
| align= '' center '' rowspan= '' 2 '' | 2010
| Nero
| Best Dubstep Act
|
|-
| `` Act Like You Know ''
| Best Dubstep Track
|
References
External links
Nero 's SoundCloud
British electronic musicians
Dubstep musicians
Musical groups established in 2004
Grammy Award winners
Vassilis Mytilinaios ( ; born 7 March 1982 , in Genk , Belgium ) is a Greek football goalkeeper .
He played for Akratitos , Apollon Smyrnis , Ionikos FC , Alki Larnaca , ENTHOI Lakatamia and since 2006 has played for Enosis Neon Paralimni in Cyprus .
Mytilinaios made one appearance for Apollon Smyrni F.C . during the 2002–03 Beta Ethniki season .
References
External links
Profile at insports.gr
1982 births
Living people
Greek footballers
Cypriot First Division players
ENTHOI Lakatamia FC players
Alki Larnaca FC players
Apollon Smyrnis F.C . players
Ionikos F.C . players
Enosis Neon Paralimni FC players
Association football goalkeepers
Expatriate footballers in Cyprus
Sportspeople from Genk
Footballers from Limburg ( Belgium )
Greek expatriate sportspeople in Cyprus
Greek expatriate footballers
Royal College Orchestra is a symphony orchestra at Royal College Colombo . It comprises 50 to 60 players , all students from Royal College .
History
The Royal College Orchestra was formed in 2003 , with a collection of dedicated Royalists who loved music . In its year of inception they performed in small events within the school . The first major event was held in 2004 Galle Face the leaving ceremony of the out going Principal , H.L.B . Gomes and the welcoming ceremony of the new Principal , Upali Gunasekara . At this stage it had grown to a strength of 42 Members and entered the Island Orchestral Competition , emerging as runner-up . Since then they have maintained first place consecutively and take part in the annual musical festival SAGA .
References
External links
Royal College Orchestra
The JSO experience , the orchestra of the future
Orchestra
Orchestra
Sri Lankan orchestras
Musical groups established in 2003
Symphony orchestras
José Luis Clerc was the defending champion but lost in the semifinals to Ivan Lendl .
Lendl won in the final 6–3 , 6–2 against José Higueras .
Seeds
A champion seed is indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which that seed was eliminated .
Draw
Finals
Top half
Section 1
Section 2
Bottom half
Section 3
Section 4
External links
1982 Volvo International Main draw
Singles
The 1993 Paris–Tours was the 87th edition of the Paris–Tours cycle race and was held on 6 October 1993 . The race started in Saint-Arnoult-en-Yvelines and finished in Tours . The race was won by Johan Museeuw of the MG Maglificio team .
General classification
References
1993 in French sport
1993
Paris-Tours
October 1993 sports events in Europe
1993 in road cycling
The 2021 Grand National ( officially known as the Randox 2021 Grand National for sponsorship reasons ) was the 173rd annual running of the Grand National horse race , held at Aintree Racecourse in Liverpool , England , on 10 April 2021 . The event was once again sponsored by Randox Health , although the name on the race from this year onwards was shortened to simply `` Randox '' . The total prize fund for the race was £750,000 , down by £250,000 from the last meeting in 2019 .
The race was won by Minella Times , trained by Henry de Bromhead and ridden by Rachael Blackmore , who became the first female jockey to win the Grand National . De Bromhead , who won the race as a trainer for the first time , also trained the second-place finisher Balko des Flos . The winner was owned by J. P. McManus , who had previously won the race as an owner in 2010 with Do n't Push It . The Long Mile was euthanised after fracturing a hind leg . Jockey Bryony Frost was treated for injuries after falling from Yala Enki .
Having been cancelled the year before due to the COVID-19 pandemic , the 2021 race and entire festival meeting took place behind closed doors for the first time in its history , because of continuing restrictions . Despite speculations and calls from some leading figures in racing for the meeting to be pushed back in the calendar so that it could possibly take place when betting shops are open , it was confirmed the race would retain its original date .
The death of Prince Philip , Duke of Edinburgh was announced shortly before the second day of the meeting . The meeting continued as scheduled , with tributes including a two-minute silence before racing , jockeys wearing black armbands on their silks as a mark of respect and the Union Jack on the Queen Mother Stand being lowered to half-mast .
Race card
On 3 February 106 entries were announced . The early favourite in ante-post betting was the 2018 and 2019 winner Tiger Roll , but he was withdrawn before the first scratching stage by the Gigginstown House Stud , citing excessive weight allocation . Cloth Cap was left as the favourite .
Sources : Trainers and weights Jockeys Starting prices
Note Mr/Mrs/Miss/Ms in the jockeys name denotes an amateur .
Race overview
The race was held without spectators due to COVID-19 . The favourite , Cloth Cap , was the first leader in the race , but was quickly caught by Jett , who then built up a large lead , with Cloth Cap remaining in second for much of the race . Any Second Now ran into trouble when Double Shuffle fell in front of him in the first half of the race , costing him several lengths . Cloth Cap was pulled up four fences from the end . On the third-last fence Any Second Now nearly fell . On the second-last fence , a pack of chasing horses , including Minella Times , Any Second Now , Discorama , Burrows Saint and Balko Des Flos caught Jett , as Jett faded . Minella Times took the lead on the second-last fence , and maintained it to the finish , while dark horse Balko Des Flos won second-place on the last fence .
The Long Mile suffered an injury while running on a flat portion of the race and was euthanised after the race . Bryony Frost fell from Yala Enki and needed hospital treatment .
Henry de Bromhead trained the top two finishers in the race , only a few weeks after his horses won the top three races at the Cheltenham Festival . Jockey Rachael Blackmore recorded the best ever finish for a woman jockey , above the third place finish for Katie Walsh in 2012 . In her interview after the race , Rachael Blackmoore stated `` I do n't feel male or female . I do n't even feel human , I feel unbelievable . ''
Finishing order
Source
Non-finishers
Source
Broadcasting and media
As the Grand National is accorded the status of an event of national interest in the United Kingdom and is listed on the Ofcom Code on Sports and Other Listed and Designated Events , it must be shown on free-to-air terrestrial television in the UK . The race was broadcast live on TV by ITV for the fourth time , and the first year in its new three year deal with the British Horseracing Authority . For Racing TV , the race was called by Stewart Machin , Alan Howes and Simon Holt .
The ITV coverage was presented by Ed Chamberlin and Francesca Cumani . Analysis was provided by former Grand National-winning jockeys Sir Anthony McCoy and Mick Fitzgerald , with Ruby Walsh also contributing via remote link from the course . Reports were provided by Alice Plunkett , Rishi Persad , Luke Harvey and Matt Chapman – who also provided updates on betting during the broadcast . Oli Bell and Chris Hughes covered viewers ' comments on social media . The commentary team was Mark Johnson , Ian Bartlett and Richard Hoiles , who called the finish for the fourth time . Following the race , Bell , Fitzgerald and Walsh guided viewers on a fence-by-fence re-run of the race .
Because of the death of Prince Philip , Duke of Edinburgh on 9 April , coverage of the second day of the meeting was moved to ITV4 , with no advertisement breaks or sponsorship bumpers .
In the Republic of Ireland , the race was broadcast on Virgin Media One .
See also
Horse racing in Great Britain
List of British National Hunt races
References
External links
Grand National Official Website
Grand National Beginner 's Guide
2021
Grand National
Grand National
21st century in Merseyside
Grand National
Saint Zacharias of Vienne , also sometimes Zachary or Zachariah , was traditionally the second Bishop of Vienne ( ) in what is now Isère , France , until he was supposedly martyred in 106 AD during the reign of the Emperor Trajan . He was one of the first Christian evangelists in France .
He is venerated locally and is one of the patron saints of the city of Vienne . His feast day is celebrated on 26 May .
Historicity
Some doubt the historicity of Zacharias , as Verus , the fourth bishop of Vienne , is documented in the year 314 , thus making it unlikely that the second bishop could have worked as early as the reign of Trajan .
Life
The tradition is that Zacharias lived in Vienne at the end of the first century , where the people elected him to be their second bishop . Since Christianity was forbidden in the Roman Empire , he was martyred there in 106 by the Prefect Pompey on the orders of the Emperor Trajan .
Veneration
Having a local veneration , Saint Zacharias is one of the patron saints of the city of Vienne . His cult was confirmed by the Roman Catholic Church and his feast day is celebrated on 26 May .
Notes and references
Sources
Zeno.org : Zacharias
Johannes Hofmann : Zacharias von Vienne . In : Biographisch-Bibliographisches Kirchenlexikon ( BBKL ) , Band 14 , col. 307 . Bautz , Herzberg 1998
106 deaths
Gallo-Roman saints
2nd-century Christian martyrs
2nd-century bishops in Gaul
Year of birth unknown
Madura English–Sinhala Dictionary ( ) is a free electronic dictionary service developed by Madura Kulatunga . It is available as computer software , an online website and an android app . The dictionary contains over 230,000 definitions including various technical terms . As of 2016 , the dictionary has been downloaded approximately 1,000,000 and ranks 100th most visited sites in Sri Lanka . The dictionary is distributed as freeware . It was initially released on 23 November 2002 .
Development
Kulatunga , a Sri Lankan computer engineer , wrote a program in Visual Basic for an English–Sinhala dictionary , using the dictionary entries from the English–Sinhalese Dictionary of Gunapala Piyasena Malalasekera . The program was marketed from 23 November 2002 . In 2008 he started a free internet version of it , the first online English–Sinhala dictionary . Kulatunga later admitted that he had infringed the copyright of the Malalasekera English–Sinhala dictionary in creating his software , but he said in 2015 that he no longer infringed on copyrights . In 2017 he developed and added Sinhala keyboard input method to his Google Play android app .
References
External links
English bilingual dictionaries
Sinhala language
Online dictionaries
Sri Lankan websites
Stamatis Kraounakis ( ) is a Greek music composer , music producer , lyricist , writer and director . He was born and lives in Athens and has studied Political Science in Panteion University . He has composed music for more than 40 albums and 50 theatre plays .
Biography
Kraounakis studied music with Klelia Terzakis and made his first appearance in 1978 , writing the music for the album To Spiti Tou Agamemnona . One year earlier he had made his debut in theatre , with the music for the performance Varieme ( 1977 ) . In 1981 he made his first big collaboration , with the music for the album Skouriasmena Hilia ( Σκουριασμένα χείλια ) performed by Vicky Mosholiou .
In Panteion University Kraounakis met the poet Lina Nikolakopoulou , with whom he produced more than 80 % of his work . In October 1985 they created and released the album Kikloforo Ki Oploforo with Alkistis Protopsalti as leading singer .
Since 1982 Kraounakis has collaborated with a number of important Greek singers , including Manolis Mitsias , Dimitra Galani , Tania Tsanaklidou , Eleftheria Arvanitaki . He also introduced new singers through collaborations , including Kostas Makedonas , Dimitris Basis , Stelios Dionisiou , and Polina Misailidou .
In 1997 he accepted the position of artistic director at the Municipal Theater of the city of Kavala , where he directed three significant productions - Ktistes by Giorgos Chimonas , Gro Plan by Giorgos Maniotis , and Aristophanes ' Plutus under the direction of Nikos Mastorakis .
In 1998 , Kraounakis directed a group of young actors called Speira Speira , which successfully performed the All in Black and a Piano show from October 1999 to April 2001 .
In 2000 his music for the movie of Nikos Panagiotopoulos Afti I Nihta Menei won the National Award in Thessaloniki Film Festival , while his music for the TV series Istera Irthan I Melisses won the Award for Best Music in the Television Awards . In 2002 his music for the movie Kourastika Na Skotono Tous Agapitikous Sou ( Tired of Killing Your Lovers ) won the Arion Award for Best Soundtrack .
During 2004 Stamatis Kraounakis composed the music for Delivery , as well as music for Aristophanes ' Ploutos for the Athens Festival in Epidavros . In May 2004 he was invited by the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art in London to compose music for the project `` Installation 496 '' .
He has written the theme song for one of the most popular TV series in Greece , Maria , i Aschimi , the Greek version of Ugly Betty .
In 2010 he voiced Louis the alligator in the Greek language version of The Princess and the Frog .
Discography
Album discography : 60 albums and 14 collaborations
Shows : Music for 20 shows and 1 ballet
Theatre : Music for 54 performances ( 31 contemporary theatre , 9 comedies , 8 Ancient Greek drama , 6 children theatre )
Cinema : Music for 4 films
Television : Music for 6 TV series
References
External links
Official website
Living people
1955 births
Greek film score composers
Male film score composers
Greek songwriters
Musicians from Athens
Panteion University alumni
Thessaloniki Song Festival entrants
Blythe Spirit is jazz saxophonist Arthur Blythe 's fourth album for the Columbia label , recorded in New York City in 1981 .
Reception
The AllMusic review by Scott Yanow states : `` This is one of the most well-rounded Arthur Blythe records from his Columbia period ... a fairly definitive Arthur Blythe recording , showing off his links to hard bop , r & b and the avant-garde '' . NME listed it as the 30th best album of 1981 .
Track listing
All compositions by Arthur Blythe except as indicated
`` Contemplation '' - 6:54
`` Faceless Woman '' - 6:41
`` Reverence '' - 6:25
`` Strike up the Band '' ( George Gershwin , Ira Gershwin ) - 2:44
`` Misty '' ( Johnny Burke , Erroll Garner ) - 7:24
`` Spirits in the Field '' - 3:29
`` Just a Closer Walk With Thee '' ( Traditional ) - 5:25
Recorded at CBS Recording Studios , New York
Personnel
Arthur Blythe - alto saxophone
Abdul Wadud - cello ( tracks 1-4 & 6 )
Kelvyn Bell - guitar ( tracks 1-4 )
Bob Stewart - tuba ( tracks 1-4 , 6 & 7 )
John Hicks - piano ( track 5 )
Amina Claudine Myers - organ ( track 7 )
Fred Hopkins - bass ( track 5 )
Bobby Battle ( tracks 1-4 ) , Steve McCall ( track 5 ) - drums
References
1981 albums
Columbia Records albums
Arthur Blythe albums
Dinamo Stadium ( ; ) is a football stadium in Bender , Moldova . It is the home ground of FC Tighina . In addition to Tighina , FC Florești have also used the stadium as a home ground . Opened in 2006 , it has a capacity of 5,061 seats . The pitch has a grass surface . Renovated in 2018 , it is a UEFA category one stadium . It is one of several stadiums in the former Soviet Bloc that are called Dinamo .
References
Football venues in Moldova
Football venues in Transnistria
Bender , Moldova
Dynamo sports society
This article is a list of US MIAs of the Vietnam War in the period 1961–1965 . In 1973 , the United States listed 2,646 Americans as unaccounted for from the entire Vietnam War . By October 2020 , 1,585 Americans remained unaccounted for , of which 1,007 were classified as further pursuit , 488 as no further pursuit and 90 as deferred .
1961
1962
1963
1964
1965
See also
List of United States servicemembers and civilians missing in action during the Vietnam War ( 1966–67 )
List of United States servicemembers and civilians missing in action during the Vietnam War ( 1968–69 )
List of United States servicemembers and civilians missing in action during the Vietnam War ( 1970–71 )
List of United States servicemembers and civilians missing in action during the Vietnam War ( 1972–75 )
Vietnam War POW/MIA issue
Joint POW/MIA Accounting Command
Defense Prisoner of War/Missing Personnel Office
Defense POW/MIA Accounting Agency
References
Vietnam War
United States servicemembers and civilians missing in action during the Vietnam War ( 1961-65 )
1961 in Vietnam
1962 in Vietnam
1963 in Vietnam
1964 in Vietnam
1965 in Vietnam
Vietnam War POW/MIA issues
Latica is a monotypic genus of South American ground spiders containing the single species , Latica galeanoi . It was first described by B . A. da Silva , J. C. Guerrero and L. Bidegaray-Batista in 2020 and placed into the subfamily Herpyllinae .
See also
List of Gnaphosidae species
References
Monotypic Gnaphosidae genera
Spiders of South America
Pterinochilus lugardi also known Grey starburst baboon , Dodoma baboon , Fort hall baboon or Tanzanian blonde baboon tarantula is a tarantula first described by Reginald Innes Pocock in 1900 . They are found all over Southern and Eastern Africa , of course excluding Madagascar .
Description
Females grow to around 14 cm living 12 years , and males do n't pass 11 cm and live to about 4 years . Its carapace is a light brown or gray color , with some black stripes . Its opisthosoma is a pinkish light brown or tan color , with a black fishbone pattern . The legs are grey , segmented with a pinkish tan color reaching all the way to the trochanter where it becomes a darker grey .
Behavior
This tarantula is burrowing , and has been seen making trapdoor , though this is rare , they are mainly seen out of their hide at night . This spider is extremely fast , and its venom is probably strong , though it is more docile and less defensive than others of its kind .
References
Spiders described in 1900
Theraphosidae
Spiders of South Africa
( The Queen 's Lace Handkerchief ) is an operetta by Johann Strauss II . The libretto by Heinrich Bohrmann-Riegen and Richard Genée was based on the Spanish writer Cervantes .
It was first performed on 1 October 1880 in Vienna at the Theater an der Vienna under the composer 's direction by Therese Braunecker-Schäfer , Alexander Girardi , Eugenie Erdösy , Karoline Tellheim , Hermine Meyerhoff , Felix Schweighofer and Ferdinand Schütz . The piece was adapted for Broadway in 1882 , with some additional songs by Solomon and Stephens , and ( once the new Casino Theatre solved its mechanical problems ) ran successfully for 130 performances .
The work is rather obscure nowadays , but the waltz `` '' ( Roses from the South ) , which incorporates melodies from the operetta , is well known . A revised version by Erich Wolfgang Korngold under the title ( The Song of Love ) was premiered in Berlin on 23 December 1931 with Richard Tauber and Anny Ahlers in leading roles .
Roles
Recordings
2008 : Nadja Stefanoff , Jessica Glatte , Elke Kottmair , Ralf Simon , Markus Liske , Hary Brachmann , Gritt Gnauck ; , conductor Ernst Theis ; cpo 777 406-2
References
External links
Operas by Johann Strauss II
1880 operas
German-language operettas
Operas
Lower White River Wilderness is a protected wilderness in the US State of Oregon on the southern part of Mount Hood . In 2009 , Congress designated the area a National Wilderness preserve .
The White River rises from White River Glacier in White River Canyon . While some additions to the Mount Hood Wilderness protect the upper parts of the river , the Lower River Stretch is protected by the Lower White River Wilderness . Managed by the U.S. Bureau of Land Management and the U.S. Forest Service , Keeps Mill Campground maintains primitive trails , camping areas , and staging areas .
Available activities
Camping
Fishing
Hiking/Backpacking
Wildlife Viewing
References
External links
Lower White River Wilderness Area - BLM page
Protected areas of Wasco County , Oregon
Mount Hood
IUCN Category Ib
Wilderness areas of Oregon
Bureau of Land Management wilderness areas in Oregon
Mount Hood National Forest
2009 establishments in Oregon
Protected areas established in 2009
Mirabito Range is a narrow , northwest-trending mountain range , 64 km ( 40 mi ) long and 6 km ( 4 mi ) wide , standing between the upper part of Lillie Glacier and the Greenwell Glacier in northern Victoria Land , Antarctica . The range is part of the Concord Mountains .
The range was mapped by the USGS from surveys and U.S. Navy aerial photography , 1960–63 . Named by US-ACAN for Lt. Cdr . John A. Mirabito , USN , staff Meteorological Officer on four Deep Freeze Operations , 1955–59 .
See also
Red Rock Peak
References
Mountain ranges of Victoria Land
Pennell Coast
Sung to the tune of the `` Battle Hymn of the Republic '' ( which itself was an adaptation of `` John Brown 's Body '' , a marching song of the American Civil War ) , The Battle Hymn of Cooperation was widely popular throughout the American consumers ' cooperative movement from the 1930s onward . It remained a favorite until well after the Second World War , for example at the annual meetings of the Consumers Cooperative Association of Missouri , where thousands of members joined in singing it . The hymn can be considered as the official song of the Cooperative League of the USA ( CLUSA ) , later renamed the National Cooperative Business Association ( NCBA ) .
The hymn was originally written in February 1932 for a charity revue of the Consumers Cooperative Services , which operated a chain of cooperative cafeterias in New York City . The authors were two CCS workers : Elizabeth Mead ( of the bakery ) and Carl Ferguson ( a busboy ) , who won a $ 5 prize for composing “ the best song on cooperation ” . It is likely that the cooperative version of the hymn was influenced by the popular union song `` Solidarity Forever '' , written by Ralph Chaplin in 1915 .
Lyrics
Oh , we are a mighty army , though we bear no sword and gun ,
We 're enlisted 'till the struggle for cooperation 's won ,
And beneath our banner blazoned “ One for all and all for one , ''
Consumers marching on !
Chorus :
Come and let us work together
Come and let us work together
Come and let us work together
Consumers marching on !
It was long ago in Rochdale that our cause saw first the light ,
We were sadly few in numbers but our principles were right ,
But today we count our millions as we girt ourselves to fight :
Consumers marching on !
Chorus
Oh , the world today is suffering filled with poverty and pain ,
And the day has come for freedom from the curse of private gain ,
For all may live in comfort 'neath Cooperation 's reign .
Consumers marching on !
Chorus
Oh we know our scheme is righteous and we know our cause is just ;
For upon the brotherhood of man we firmly base our trust :
Let us strive to win the victory , for win we can and must .
Consumers marching on !
Chorus
Further reading
“ The Battle Hymn of Cooperation ” , Cooperation XVIII,5 ( May 1932 ) 91 .
“ A Mighty Army ” , Time ( December 10 , 1951 ) .
Clarke Chambers , “ The Cooperative League of the United States of America , 1916-1961 : A Study of Social Theory and Social Action ” , Agricultural History 36,2 ( 1962 ) 59-81 , there 72 .
Gilbert C. Fite , Farm to Factory . A History of the Consumers Cooperative Association ( Columbia , MO : University of Missouri Press , 1965 ) 130-131 .
External links
`` The Battle Hymn of Cooperation '' recorded on archive.org
1932 songs
Cooperative movement
Political songs
Wikipedia requested audio of songs
Abū Murra Sayf bin Dhī Yazan al-Ḥimyarī ( ) was a semi-legendary Himyarite king of Yemen who lived between 516 and 578 CE , known for ending Axumite rule over Southern Arabia with the help of the Sassanid Empire .
To reconquer Yemen , Sayf asked Khosrau I king of the Sasanian Empire to help him fight the Aksumites . According to Al-Masudi Sayf dialogued with the Sassanid king about racial tensions between white and black :
Khosrau agreed and sent 800 men with Wahriz as their leader . Masruq ibn Abraha , king of Yemen , confronted the army but lost in the battle . The Sasanians advanced to conquer San ' a , however , Sayf was instated as King on the understanding that he would send taxes to Khosrau . He was later stabbed to death by Ethiopian servants , and the Sassanians reconquered Yemen and Vahriz was instated as Governor of Yemen , alongside Sayf 's son .
Popular culture
Prophet Muhammad 's grandfather , Abd al-Muttalib met Sayf in his palace in Ghamadan .
Sayf entered Arab folklore by means of his widely known `` biography '' Sīrat Sayf ibn Dhī-Yazan that accounts his conquests of the human and mythical jinn realm , blending historical facts with Arab folklore and mythology . Yazan has become a popular boy name in contemporary Arab culture .
References
Sources
Rulers of Yemen
6th-century Arabs
6th-century monarchs in the Middle East
Pre-Islamic Arabia
Abyssinian–Persian wars
One Thousand and One Nights characters
Te Wairoa was a village , now a ghost town that is also known as the Buried Village , close to the shore of Lake Tarawera in New Zealand 's North Island . It was a Māori and European settlement founded in 1848 by the Revd Seymour Mills Spencer where visitors would stay on their way to visit the Pink and White Terraces . The village was destroyed by the eruption of the volcano Mount Tarawera on June 10 , 1886 . 120 people died in the eruption , many of them in other villages closer to the volcano . The site of one of these villages ( Kokotaia ) was instrumental in the recent rediscovery of the Pink and White Terrace locations .
A Māori meeting house named Hinemihi which provided shelter to the people of Te Wairoa village during the eruption was relocated in 1892 to Clandon Park as an ornamental garden building and a souvenir of William Onslow , 4th Earl of Onslow .
The Buried Village is open to the public and shows the excavated ruins of the village , recovered relics on display in a museum and the history of the eruption . It is located 14 kilometres southeast of Rotorua on Tarawera Road .
The New Zealand Ministry for Culture and Heritage gives a translation of `` the long stream '' for .
Wairere Falls
Te Wairoa Stream flows on the southern edge of the village and over the Wairere Falls . The stream links Lake Rotokakahi ( ) with Lake Tarawera ( ) . Visitors to Te Wairoa may descend the falls via a trail with steps .
References
External links
Buried Village - official site
Archaeological sites in New Zealand
Taupō Volcanic Zone
Buildings and structures in the Bay of Plenty Region
Former populated places in New Zealand
1886 eruption of Mount Tarawera
Museums in the Bay of Plenty Region
Archaeological museums
History museums in New Zealand
Natural disaster ghost towns
1840s architecture in New Zealand
Ghost towns in New Zealand
Jefferson County is a county located in the U.S. state of Idaho . As of the 2020 Census , the county 's population was 30,891 . In the 2010 census , the population was 26,140 . The county seat and largest city is Rigby . The county was established in 1913 and named after Thomas Jefferson , the third U.S. President . Jefferson County is part of the Idaho Falls , ID Metropolitan Statistical Area .
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 1.1 % ) is water .
History
The Salt Lake City to Virginia City Stagecoach was established through the area in 1864 . Stops were established at Market Lake ( Roberts ) , Sand Hole ( Hamer ) , and Camas . Small settlements grew up around the stagecoach stops with the most significant development occurring at Market Lake . The county 's first post office was established at Market Lake on July 29 , 1868 , when the post office at Eagle Rock was relocated there . Initial settlement at Mud Lake also originated in 1868 .
The Utah and Northern Railway reached Camas on July 3 , 1879 , bringing with it a new wave of settlement , particularly at Camas and Market Lake . Mormon settlement of the county began when John R Poole settled the Menan area in April , 1879 with the settlement initially named Poole 's Island . Settlement followed at Lewisville in 1882 , Rigby in 1883 and Ririe in 1888 . The Camas and Market Lake precincts are the first to emerge in census data under Bingham County in 1890 . At that point , 379 residents were enumerated in the Camas precinct and Market Lake counted 218 . By the 1900 census , precincts were added for Lewisville , Menan , Rigby , and Rudy ( located between Ririe and Rigby ) . Together with Camas and Market Lake precincts , they contained a population of 3,046 . By 1910 there were 10 precincts that would become part of Jefferson County three years later with additional precincts added for Grant , Hamer , Labelle , and Lorenzo . The 1910 census population for those precincts was 5,535 .
A common characteristic of Jefferson County 's early settlements was their reliance upon a series of canals to deliver water from the Snake River . The first of these systems commenced at Menan in 1880 with construction of the Long Island Canal . The Butte-Market Lake Canal originated in 1884 with construction starting on the big Feeder Canal in 1895 . The Owlsey Canal in western Jefferson County had its origins April 13 , 1909 .
At the time of the first settlement in 1864 , the territory east of the Snake River was part of Oneida County with the remainder being part of Alturas County . Mud Lake became the defining point for Oneida County 's boundary with Alturas County in 1877 with a portion of the western boundary changed to a line drawn north from a point on the Snake River due south of the `` sink of Camas Creek '' . The change transferred settlements at Camas and Market Lake to Oneida County . Bingham County was created in 1885 from Oneida County with no change in the boundary of Alturas until 1889 when the rest of the Mud Lake area was transferred to Bingham County . All present Jefferson County became part of Fremont at its creation in 1893 . After its creation in 1913 , Jefferson County quickly took its present shape in 1917 at the formation of Butte County .
Census data indicates Lewisville became the county 's first incorporated village in 1904 . It was followed by Rigby in 1906 , Menan in 1907 and Roberts in 1910 . Ririe was incorporated by 1920 with Hamer and Mud Lake incorporated after 1950 .
Adjacent counties
Clark County - north
Fremont County - northeast
Madison County - east
Bonneville County - south
Bingham County - southwest
Butte County - west
Major highways
Interstate 15
US 20
SH-22
SH-28
SH-33
SH-48
National protected area
Camas National Wildlife Refuge
Targhee National Forest ( part )
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000 , there were 19,155 people , 5,901 households , and 4,880 families living in the county . The population density was 18 people per square mile ( 7/km2 ) . There were 6,287 housing units at an average density of 6 per square mile ( 2/km2 ) . The racial makeup of the county was 90.87 % White , 0.28 % Black or African American , 0.46 % Native American , 0.23 % Asian , 0.08 % Pacific Islander , 6.76 % from other races , and 1.33 % from two or more races . 9.96 % of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race . 32.7 were of English , 10.9 % German and 9.2 % American ancestry .
There were 5,901 households , out of which 47.60 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 72.60 % were married couples living together , 6.80 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 17.30 % were non-families . 15.20 % of all households were made up of individuals , and 7.40 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older . The average household size was 3.23 and the average family size was 3.62 .
In the county , the population was spread out , with 36.30 % under the age of 18 , 9.60 % from 18 to 24 , 25.50 % from 25 to 44 , 19.30 % from 45 to 64 , and 9.30 % who were 65 years of age or older . The median age was 29 years . For every 100 females there were 102.20 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 101.00 males .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 37,737 , and the median income for a family was $ 41,530 . Males had a median income of $ 31,298 versus $ 19,755 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 13,838 . About 8.00 % of families and 10.40 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 13.00 % of those under age 18 and 8.70 % of those age 65 or over .
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census , there were 26,140 people , 8,146 households , and 6,698 families living in the county . The population density was . There were 8,722 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 91.2 % white , 0.8 % American Indian , 0.4 % Asian , 0.2 % black or African American , 0.1 % Pacific islander , 5.8 % from other races , and 1.5 % from two or more races . Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 10.1 % of the population . In terms of ancestry , 31.4 % were English , 13.9 % were German , 8.2 % were American , 5.9 % were Danish , and 5.3 % were Irish .
Of the 8,146 households , 47.7 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 70.6 % were married couples living together , 7.4 % had a female householder with no husband present , 17.8 % were non-families , and 15.0 % of all households were made up of individuals . The average household size was 3.20 and the average family size was 3.57 . The median age was 30.0 years .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 51,579 and the median income for a family was $ 55,705 . Males had a median income of $ 42,177 versus $ 27,314 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 19,019 . About 7.7 % of families and 10.2 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 11.7 % of those under age 18 and 9.0 % of those age 65 or over .
Politics
Jefferson County is an overwhelmingly Republican and conservative county . The last Democrat who carried the county in a presidential election was Harry S. Truman in 1948 . In 2012 President Obama received just 11.4 percent of the vote . In the 1972 Presidential election Richard Nixon won the county with then John Birch Society member John G. Schmitz reportedly receiving 27.51 percent of the county 's vote . The last Democratic candidate to receive more than twenty percent of the county 's vote was Jimmy Carter in 1976 .
Communities
Cities
Hamer
Lewisville
Menan
Mud Lake
Rigby
Ririe
Roberts
Unincorporated communities
Grant
Heise
Monteview
Terreton
LaBelle
Notable people
Earl W. Bascom , rodeo pioneer , inventor , actor , cowboy artist , inductee of the Idaho Rodeo Hall of Fame .
Philo Farnsworth , American inventor and television pioneer .
Pat Friday , American singer .
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Jefferson County , Idaho
References
External links
Idaho counties
1913 establishments in Idaho
Populated places established in 1913
Idaho Falls metropolitan area counties
Maria Clara Eimmart ( 27 May 1676 – 29 October 1707 ) , was a German astronomer , engraver and designer . She was the daughter and assistant of Georg Christoph Eimmart the Younger .
Biography
Maria Clara Eimmart was a German astronomer born in Nuremberg . She was the daughter of painter , engraver , and amateur astronomer Georg Christoph Eimmart the Younger , who was also director of the Nuremberg Academy of Art , the Malerakademie , from 1699 to 1704 . Her grandfather , Georg Christoph Eimmart the Elder , was also an engraver and painter of portraits , still-lifes , landscapes , and historical subjects .
The profession of Maria Clara Eimmart 's father was lucrative , but he spent all of his earnings in the purchase of astronomical instruments and on building ( in 1678 ) a private observatory on the Nuremberg city wall . He was a diligent observer and published his results in various memoirs and scientific transactions .
Because of the strength of the crafts tradition in Germany , Maria Clara Eimmart was able to take advantage of the opportunity to train as an apprentice to her father . Through him , she received a broad education in French , Latin , mathematics , astronomy , drawing , and engraving . Her skills as an engraver allowed her to assist her father in his work , and she became known for her depictions of the phases of the moon . In addition , she illustrated flowers , birds , and classical subjects , but most of these paintings have been lost .
In 1706 , Eimmart married Johann Heinrich Muller ( 1671-1731 ) , her father 's pupil and successor , who had become director of the Eimmart observatory in 1705 . Muller also taught physics at the Nuremberg Gymnasium , where Eimmart assisted her husband . Muller was so influenced by the family love for astronomy that he became a diligent amateur and afterwards a professor at Altorf , where he used his skill in depicting comets , sun-spots , and lunar mountains aided by Maria Clara . In the early years of their marriage , their associates included the two Rost Brothers , who were novelists and astronomers , and Doppelmayer , a historian of astronomy . In 2012 Markus Heinz of the Staatsbibliothek zu Berlin discovered two paintings by her of a total solar eclipse that was seen in Nuremberg in 1706 . These were known to have existed but were also thought lost . These paintings are in excellent agreement with text descriptions of the event and are now of considerable scientific importance , being a unique depiction by a trained astronomer of the solar corona during the Maunder minimum .
Just a year after her marriage , Maria Clara Eimmart died in childbirth in Nuremberg .
Astronomical illustrations
Eimmart is best known for her exact astronomical illustrations done in pale pastels on dark blue cardboard . Between 1693 and 1698 , Eimmart made over 350 drawings of the phases of the moon . This collection of drawings , drawn solely from observations through a telescope , was entitled Micrographia stellarum phases lunae ultra 300 . Twelve of these were given to Luigi Ferdinando Marsili , a scientific collaborator of her father 's , and ten survive in Bologna , together with three smaller studies on brown paper . Eimmart 's continuous series of depictions became the basis for a new lunar map . In 1706 , Eimmart made two illustrations of the total eclipse at Nuremberg . There are also some drawings of planets and comets .
Schiebinger states that some sources claim Eimmart published a work under her father 's name in 1701 , the Ichnographia nova contemplationum de sole . However , there is no evidence to support that this was her work and not her father 's .
Gallery
See also
Timeline of women in science
Notes
Literature
Hans Gaab : Zum 300 . Todestag von Maria Clara Eimmart ( 1676–1707 ) . In : Regiomontanusbote . 20 , 4/2007 , S. 7–19 .
Hans Gaab : Maria Clara Eimmart . Eine Nürnberger Astronomin . In : Nadja Bennewitz , Gaby Franger : Geschichte der Frauen in Mittelfranken . Alltag , Personen und Orte . Ars vivendi , Cadolzburg 2003 , S. 145–152 .
Ronald Stoyan : Die Nürnberger Mondkarten . Teil 1 : Die Mondkarte von Georg Christoph Eimmart ( 1638–1705 ) und Maria Clara Eimmart ( 1676–1707 ) . In : Regiomontanusbote . 14 , 1/2001 , S. 29–39 .
Adolf Wißner ( 1959 ) , `` Georg Christoph Eimmart '' , Neue Deutsche Biographie ( NDB ) ( in German ) ( Berlin : Duncker & Humblot ) 4 : 394–394 , ( full text online )
External links
Astronomical Illustrations by Maria Clara Eimmart
Maria Clara Eimmart at Astronomie in Nürnberg
Georg Christoph Eimmart at Astronomie in Nürnberg
Drawing of a Vestalin by Maria Clara Eimmart Germanischen Nationalmuseum Nürnberg
1676 births
1707 deaths
17th-century German astronomers
German engravers
Scientists from Nuremberg
Women astronomers
17th-century women scientists
18th-century women scientists
18th-century German astronomers
Deaths in childbirth
The Sira tanager ( Stilpnia phillipsi ) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae .
It is endemic to Peru and exists only in the Sira range .
It was first discovered in July 1969 on an expedition from Graves and Weske . Between 1969 and 1972 , John Terborgh and Weske reported about their collections in the Cerros del Sira on the discovery of this new species of tanager that is related to the black-capped tanager .
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests .
It is threatened by habitat loss .
References
Sira tanager
Birds of the Peruvian Andes
Endemic birds of Peru
Sira tanager
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
Gulli ( ; Kaitag : Гьулли ; Dargwa : Хӏурри ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) in Kaytagsky District , Republic of Dagestan , Russia . The population was 2,056 as of 2010 . There are 6 streets .
Geography
Gulli is located 20 km northwest of Madzhalis ( the district 's administrative centre ) by road . Chumli and Kapkaykent are the nearest rural localities .
Nationalities
Dargins live there .
References
Rural localities in Kaytagsky District
Cemesto is a sturdy , light-weight , waterproof and fire-resistant composite building material made from a core of sugar cane fiber insulating board surfaced on both sides with asbestos and cement . Its name is a portmanteau word combining `` cem '' from `` cement '' and `` esto '' from `` asbestos . '' A type of prefabricated home using this material came to be called cemestos .
Cemesto was introduced by the Celotex Corporation in 1937 . It was manufactured in the form of boards and panels that were wide , about thick , and to long . Each by panel weighs just . Cemesto was used primarily for interior and exterior walls .
The John B . Pierce Foundation and Celotex collaborated to develop a prefabrication system for building low-cost housing using cemesto panels , in which single cemesto panels were slid horizontally into light wooden frames to create walls . A prototype cemesto house was displayed at the 1939 World 's Fair in New York City . The Pierce system was first used in 1941 for building employee housing at the Glenn L. Martin Aircraft Company near Baltimore , Maryland . For this development , named Aero Acres , the architecture firm of Skidmore , Owings & Merrill designed gable-roofed Cape Cod houses with dimensions of by , featuring large commercial-style windows in their principal rooms . In 1941 a total of 600 homes were built at Aero Acres using this design .
During World War II , when other building materials were in short supply , cemesto was used extensively in the United States . Cemesto was used to build temporary office buildings in Washington , D.C. Skidmore , Owings , and Merrill adapted the Pierce system and used cemesto panels for the designs of some 2,500 pre-fabricated homes , known by the nickname `` cemestos , '' erected in Oak Ridge , Tennessee , to house Manhattan Project workers and their families . In 1942 the U.S. Farm Security Administration built 400 cemesto homes in Maryland at a site alongside Aero Acres .
During the 1940s , the manufacturer of cemesto touted it as a material that would in the future make it possible to mass-produce housing at a low cost . One use of the material during the post-war era was in the late 1940s in Circle Pines , Minnesota , where cemesto panels were used in building the first homes in what was envisioned to be a cooperative housing community for people of color . The use of cemesto in Circle Pines came to be regarded as substandard construction , as the builders failed to adequately seal the joints between cemesto panels .
Several prominent architects embraced cemesto as a modern material and used it in their designs . For the Bousquet-Wightman House in Houston , Texas , built in 1941 , architect Donald Barthelme used cemesto panels for exterior sheathing . In 1949 Edward Durell Stone called for cemesto panels in the design of a home to be built in Armonk , New York . That same year , Charles Eames designed his Eames House , Case Study House # 8 , to use brightly painted and unfinished Cemesto panels in a prefabricated steel frame . Frank Lloyd Wright designed the Raymond Carlson House in Phoenix , Arizona , built in 1950 , to use a structural system of wood posts and cemesto boards . In the Arthur Pieper House in Paradise Valley , Arizona , built in 1952 from concrete block , Wright used cemesto for the ceilings .
In addition to houses and office buildings , cemesto was used to build gasoline stations and factories .
References
Building materials
Composite materials
A tortilla ( , ) is a thin , circular unleavened flatbread originally made from maize hominy meal , and now also from wheat flour . The Aztecs and other Nahuatl speakers called tortillas tlaxcalli ( ) . First made by the indigenous peoples of Mesoamerica before colonization , tortillas are a cornerstone of Mesoamerican cuisine . Corn tortillas in Mesoamerica are known from as early as 500 BCE .
Varieties
Corn tortilla
Tortillas made from nixtamalized maize meal—masa de maíz— are the oldest variety of tortilla . They originated in Mexico and Central America , and remain popular throughout the Americas . Peoples of the Oaxaca region in Mexico first made tortillas at the end of the Villa Stage ( 1500 to 500 BC ) . Towards the end of the 19th century , the first mechanical utensils for making tortillas , called tortilla presses , tortilleras , or tortilladoras , were invented and manufactured in Mexico .
Wheat tortilla
Europeans introduced wheat and its cultivation to the American continent , and it remains the source for wheat flour tortillas . Wheat flour tortillas were originated in the northern region of Mexico .
Wheat tortillas usually contain fats such as oil or lard , salt , often leavening agents such as baking powder , and other ingredients . Otherwise , the preparation and cooking of flour tortillas on a comal is identical to that of corn tortillas . Flour tortillas are commonly used in dishes like burritos , tacos , and fajitas . It is part of the daily food repertoire throughout Mexico , whose gastronomy and culture has influenced those of many Central American countries and some states in the U.S .
Nopaltilla
A nopaltilla is a cactus-corn tortilla . The word is a portmanteau of nopal , Spanish for the Opuntia ficus-indica cactus , and tortilla .
See also
Lavash
Arepa
Chapati
Indigenous peoples of the Americas
Latin American cuisine
List of tortilla-based dishes
Sopaipilla
References
American cuisine
Appetizers
Flatbreads
Guatemalan cuisine
Honduran cuisine
Mexican cuisine
Salvadoran cuisine
Costa Rican cuisine
Mesoamerican cuisine
Guamanian cuisine
Spanish words and phrases
Staple foods
Keshmiri ( Persian : کشمیری ) is an Iranian surname . Notable people with this surname include :
Jalal Keshmiri ( 1939–1999 ) , Iranian shot putter and discus thrower
Kamy Keshmiri ( born 1969 ) , American discus thrower , son of Jalal
Masoud Keshmiri , Iranian politician and terrorist
Persian-language surnames
is a Japanese former actor and model who is affiliated with Pocket . He graduated from Yokohama National University 's University of Electro-Communications .
Filmography
Television series
Retirement
On September 15 , 2008 , Ichikawa announced on his own blog that he had married a high school classmate and had retired from acting . He subsequently became a high school teacher .
References
External links
Official profile at Pocket
Japanese male actors
Japanese male models
1980 births
Living people
People from Yokohama
People from Kanagawa Prefecture
Sean Patrick Nolin ( born December 26 , 1989 ) is an American professional baseball pitcher for the Kia Tigers of the KBO League . He has previously played in Major League Baseball ( MLB ) for the Toronto Blue Jays , Oakland Athletics , and Washington Nationals , and for the Saitama Seibu Lions of Nippon Professional Baseball ( NPB ) .
Professional career
Toronto Blue Jays
Nolin was drafted by the Toronto Blue Jays in the sixth round of the 2010 MLB Entry Draft out of San Jacinto Junior College . He had originally been selected by the Milwaukee Brewers in the fiftieth round of the 2008 Major League Baseball Draft , and by the Seattle Mariners in the forty-eighth round of the 2009 Major League Baseball Draft , but did not sign either time .
Nolin debuted with the Auburn Doubledays of the New York–Penn League in 2010 , starting six games while recording a 6.05 ERA . In 2011 , he had a 4-4 record and 3.49 ERA with the Lansing Lugnuts . Nolin split the 2012 season between the Dunedin Blue Jays and the New Hampshire Fisher Cats , finishing at 10-0 with a 2.04 ERA . Nolin missed the first month of the 2013 baseball season with a groin injury suffered during spring training . On May 23 , 2013 , it was announced that Nolin would be called up to the Major Leagues to start on May 24 , 2013 against the Baltimore Orioles . He was formally called up on May 24 when J . A. Happ was transferred to the 60-day disabled list . Nolin took the loss in his debut , pitching 1 innings and giving up six earned runs and one walk . He was optioned back to Double-A New Hampshire following the 10–6 loss . Nolin was ranked as the number 5 prospect in the Blue Jays organization on July 26 , 2013 , when the revised Top 100 Prospects list was released . Nolin was promoted to the Triple-A Buffalo Bisons on August 17 . Nolin was invited to spring training in 2014 and optioned to the Buffalo Bisons on March 16 , 2014 . He posted a 4–7 record in the minors in 2014 , with an ERA of 3.43 and 88 strikeouts over 97 innings pitched .
Nolin was called up to the Blue Jays on September 1 , as part of the September roster expansion . He would make just one appearance for Toronto in 2014 , pitching a single inning of relief on September 22 .
Oakland Athletics
On November 28 , 2014 , Nolin was traded to the Oakland Athletics , along with Brett Lawrie , Kendall Graveman , and Franklin Barreto , for Josh Donaldson . He was recalled from the Triple-A Nashville Sounds on September 4 , 2015 . On September 6 , he made his Athletics debut in a 3-2 loss against the Seattle Mariners . Nolin earned his first MLB win on September 12 , as the Athletics defeated the Texas Rangers 5–3 .
On February 12 , 2016 , the A 's designated Nolin for assignment .
Milwaukee Brewers
On February 22 , 2016 , Nolin was claimed off waivers by the Milwaukee Brewers . On August 21 , 2016 , Nolin underwent Tommy John surgery , and was put on the injured list for the rest of the 2016 season plus all of 2017 . He re-signed a minor league deal for the 2017 season . Nolin elected free agency on November 6 , 2017 .
Colorado Rockies
On February 18 , 2018 , Nolin signed a minor league deal with the Colorado Rockies . He became a free agent after the season ended .
Chicago White Sox
On February 28 , 2019 , Nolin signed a minor league deal with the Chicago White Sox . He was released on April 25 , 2019 .
Long Island Ducks
On May 3 , 2019 , Nolin signed with the Long Island Ducks of the Atlantic League of Professional Baseball .
Seattle Mariners
On June 7 , Nolin 's contract was purchased by the Seattle Mariners and he was assigned to the Triple-A Tacoma Rainiers . He became a free agent following the 2019 season .
Saitama Seibu Lions
On December 6 , 2019 , Nolin signed with the Saitama Seibu Lions of Nippon Professional Baseball ( NPB ) .
On August 29 , 2020 , Nolin made his NPB debut , and he earned his first NPB win . On December 2 , 2020 , he became a free agent .
Washington Nationals
On March 9 , 2021 , Nolin signed a minor league contract with the Washington Nationals organization . The Nationals selected Nolin 's contract from the Triple-A Rochester Red Wings on August 11 , 2021 , calling him up to the major leagues . On August 11 , 2021 , the Nationals selected Nolin 's contract , marking his first appearance in MLB in 6 years . On September 9 , Nolin intentionally threw at Atlanta Braves ' first baseman Freddie Freeman , and was issued a 5-game suspension , in which he did not appeal . Nolin made 10 appearances for the Nationals , going 0-2 with a 4.39 ERA and 20 strikeouts . On October 13 , the Nationals sent Nolin outright to Triple-A Rochester . Nolin elected free agency but signed a new minor league deal with the Nationals for 2022 on November 2 , 2021 . However , Nolin was later released to sign overseas .
Kia Tigers
On January 8 , 2022 , Nolin signed with the Kia Tigers of the KBO League .
Pitching style
Nolin 's fastball runs in the high-80s to low-90s in MPH and he also throws a curveball ( 72-75 MPH ) , changeup ( low-80s in MPH ) , and slider .
References
External links
1989 births
Living people
American expatriate baseball players in Canada
American expatriate baseball players in Japan
Auburn Doubledays players
Baseball players from New York ( state )
Birmingham Barons players
Buffalo Bisons ( minor league ) players
Dunedin Blue Jays players
Gulf Coast Blue Jays players
Hartford Yard Goats players
Lansing Lugnuts players
Leones del Escogido players
American expatriate baseball players in the Dominican Republic
Long Island Ducks players
Major League Baseball pitchers
Mesa Solar Sox players
Nashville Sounds players
New Hampshire Fisher Cats players
Nippon Professional Baseball pitchers
Oakland Athletics players
People from Seaford , New York
Rochester Red Wings players
Saitama Seibu Lions players
San Jacinto North Gators baseball players
Tacoma Rainiers players
Toronto Blue Jays players
Washington Nationals players
Yaquis de Obregón players
American expatriate baseball players in Mexico
Mineyev or Mineev ( ) is a Russian masculine surname , its feminine counterpart is Mineyeva or Mineeva . It may refer to
Aleksandr Mineyev ( born 1988 ) , Russian football player
Maksim Mineyev ( born 1984 ) , Russian football player
Olga Mineyeva ( born 1952 ) , Soviet runner
Viktor Mineyev ( 1937–2002 ) , Soviet modern pentathlete
Vladimir Mineev ( born 1990 ) , Russian heavyweight kick boxer
Vladimir Petrovich Mineev ( born 1945 ) , Russian theoretical physicist
Russian-language surnames
The River Okement is a tributary of the River Torridge in Devon , England . It used to be known as the River Ock .
It rises at two places in Dartmoor , as the West Okement and the East Okement . These meet with other minor streams and join together at Okehampton . The river flows generally north , past the villages of Jacobstowe and Monkokehampton , and has its confluence with the River Torridge near Meeth .
Transport
The river ( West Okement ) is crossed by the Meldon Viaduct of the now-closed North Cornwall Railway .
References
External links
Ockment
Ockment
1Okement
Chinley is a rural village in the High Peak Borough of Derbyshire , England , with a population of 2,796 at the 2011 Census . Most of the civil parish ( called Chinley , Buxworth and Brownside ) is within the Peak District National Park . Historically , before the coming of the railway , the area was economically dominated by agriculture . Nowadays most inhabitants commute out of the village to work ; accessible centres of work include Stockport , Sheffield and Manchester .
Location
Chinley lies in the Blackbrook Valley . To the north is Cracken Edge , a once-quarried promontory of Chinley Churn , a large , prominent hill with a pass followed by the A624 named Chinley Head . Brown Knoll commands the skyline on the eastern border of the civil parish , with South Head and Mount Famine to the north-east . An old winding engine can still be seen atop an incline on the north-eastern face of Cracken Edge . Immediately south of the village , brook and parish border is Eccles Pike , an almost-conical hill , partly owned by the National Trust .
Filling the upper end of the valley to the southeast is Chapel-en-le-Frith , more than twice the size of Chinley in area and in population . Other nearby towns include Whaley Bridge ( west ) , New Mills ( northwest ) , Glossop ( north ) and Buxton ( south ) . Buxworth in the same civil parish is the location of Bugsworth Basin on the Peak Forest Canal . Buxton Road to the east ( bypassed here by the A6 through Whitehough ) leads to the small settlement of New Smithy , beyond which the road turns south to Chapel Milton before crossing the Black Brook and continuing south into Chapel-en-le-Frith .
The boundary of the Peak District National Park runs up the middle of Stubbins Lane and part of Maynestone Road , before crossing down into the valley and over Otter Brook , towards Wash .
Transport
Chinley railway station has a single island platform on the trans-Pennine Hope Valley Line between Sheffield and Manchester Piccadilly . The typical service is one train every hour each way to Sheffield and to Manchester Piccadilly , operated by Northern Trains . It is one of only two stations between Stockport and Sheffield where East Midlands Railway express trains stop in peak hours .
The coming of the railways was the reason Chinley grew from the tiny hamlet it had been and the village is actually named after its railway station . Previously , the names Maynestonefield or Four Lanes End were used . Chinley station was once an important railway junction on the Midland Railway 's Dore and Chinley ( or Hope Valley ) line ; it had a London-bound extension through Millers Dale and it was common to have to change trains in Chinley en route to Manchester , London or Sheffield .
Amenities
Chinley has a primary school ; a small residential special school ; an active village community centre and a Women 's Institute hall ; two village greens ( one was formerly the bowling green ) ; two parks , one of which is a local nature reserve ; and a small collection of shops , including an Indian restaurant , tea shop , cheese shop , pizzeria and a fish and chip shop .
Chinley Juniors Football Club plays its games at Chinley Community Centre . Recently the club spent £60,000 on refurbishing the two football pitches at the park . Chinley Churners cycling club is officially affiliated to British Cycling and boasts members of all ages .
Notable buildings and constructions
Chinley Independent Chapel , on the southeastern edge of Chinley adjacent to Chapel Milton , was built in 1711 . The chapel was established by William Bagshaw as a nonconformist church in 1662 , and is still the home of the local Congregational church . It has simple furnishings and a pulpit near the centre of the building .
The route of the Peak Forest Tramway ( in use from 1796–1923 ) , an early horse-and-gravity-powered railway , runs along the southern edge of Chinley near the Black Brook . The one remaining entrance to the Stodhart Tunnel , one of the oldest railway tunnels in Britain , is just inside the entrance to Chapel Lodge nursing home , on the road between Chapel Milton and Chapel-en-le-Frith ( in the latter parish ) . Part of the route is used as a road for testing car brakes by Ferodo , a local manufacturer of brakes and car parts . There are ruins or conversions of a few mills — one still in use as a plastics factory — and one or two large manor-style homes near the route .
The fine stone building of Chinley railway station was dismantled in 1902 and re-erected as a private house on Maynestone Road on the northeast edge of Chinley .
The Old Hall in the nearby hamlet of Whitehough , across the Black Brook to the south , dates from Elizabethan times and , with the adjacent 400-year-old licensed premises , forms part of the Old Hall Inn . A King 's Mill stood alongside the Black Brook in Chapel Milton for around 700 years , but was destroyed in 1946 to allow construction of a water treatment facility for Ferodo .
A small cattle market was developed on the south side of the railway , near the station , in the early 19th century by a local farmers ' co-operative society . It was conducted by Brady & Son of Stockport , who could access it conveniently from Tiviot Dale station on the Midland Railway . It closed before the Second World War .
Notable people
John Bennet ( 1714–1759 ) , described as `` one of John Wesley 's most outstanding young preachers '' , was born at Chinley and lived at Lee End . Bennet and his wife Grace Murray are buried in the graveyard of nearby Chinley Chapel .
Charles Wesley visited Chinley regularly ; it is said he was in love with Grace Murray .
George Kirk of the Old Hall , Whitehough was groomed to the Royal Bedchamber of King Charles I , and was present when the king was beheaded in 1649 .
Edwina Currie , former Conservative minister , winner of Celebrity Mastermind and author , moved to Whitehough in 2010 , but moved to nearby Whaley Bridge in 2012 .
Constance Felicity Goddard ( 1881–1954 ) , novelist and poet . Daughter of Mary Ann and James Goddard , dairy farmer , of Heatherlea , Maynestone Road . Novels included Dear Charity ( 1922 ) , Silver Woods ( 1939 ) , Come Wind Come Weather ( 1945 ) , Three at Cherry-Go-Gay ( 1949 ) . A review in The Spectator compared her work to that of Alison Uttley and Flora Thompson . Her Poems were published in 1929 .
Eric Hollies ( 1912–1981 ) , cricketer . A Warwickshire and England leg-break bowler who dismissed Don Bradman in his final Test innings , he died in Chinley aged 68 .
See also
Listed buildings in Chinley , Buxworth and Brownside
References
External links
Parish council website
Villages in Derbyshire
Towns and villages of the Peak District
High Peak , Derbyshire
Mobilicoccus pelagius is a Gram-positive bacterium from the genus of Mobilicoccus which has been isolated from the gut of the fish Trachurus japonicus from Japan .
References
Micrococcales
Bacteria described in 2011
Simeunović ( ) is a Serbian surname , a patronymic derived from Simeun ( ) . It may refer to :
Vojislav Simeunović ( born 1942 ) , Serbian football coach and former player
Dragan Simeunović ( born 1954 ) , former Yugoslav football goalkeeper
Marko Simeunović ( born 1967 ) , Slovenian-Serbian former football goalkeeper
Milan Simeunović ( born 1967 ) , Serbian former football goalkeeper
Nemanja Simeunović ( born 1984 ) , Serbian footballer
Đorđe Simeunović ( born 1995 ) , Serbian basketball player
See also
Simeonović
Simonović
Serbian surnames
Surnames from given names
Montauro ( Calabrian : ) is a comune and town in the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of Italy .
The municipalities of Gasperina , Montepaone , Palermiti , Squillace , Stalettì are nearby . Agricultural center of the Ionian coast of the greenhouses , in foothills sloping towards the Gulf of Squillace , North of the mouth of the river Soverato . Built before the year 1000 , the village had name from the mountain on which it stands , felt with gold . In 1101 by Count Roger was given in fief to the carthusians of Serra San Bruno . Severely damaged by the earthquake of 1783 , in 1846 he suffered other damage due to an exceptional flood . The parish church incorporates remains of medieval fortifications with its external structures ; in the Interior , which currently occurs in the appearance given to him in the 17th century , wooden ceiling and choir ' 600 , sumptuous altar in polychrome marble and bronze sculptures ( of the Redeemer and the Apostles ) and marble ( Saints Peter and Paul ) of 600-700 's . Near the village there are the ruins of the monastery of San Domenico now call `` La Grangia di Sant ' Anna '' , of Norman Foundation and destroyed by an earthquake in 1783 .
Montauro has amazing Portals from many years of age .
A Medieval town that looks over the Ionian Sea .
In Montauro there are many different association registered like :
Proloco di Montauro ,
Fiaccola di Sant Pantaleone ,
Radice Sociale ,
Associazione Femminile ,
Associazione Pisani ,
MYMontauro Group ,
Polisportiva Montauro
In the past 3 years since 2018 Montauro has been in a development plan where the citizens are in a full commitment to revive the town with traditions , culture , music and much more .
Montauro in the Medieval times
The origins of the Montauro farmhouse , according to some historians , date back to the eighth century . The first group of houses was built in the vicinity of the ' u mucatu district , to the north of the town , a little higher than the dilapidated houses , where today the new road to Gasperina winds its way ; others , on the other hand , place the farmhouse further down , halfway up the hill , in a lower position than the current one .
It is probable that after the seventh century , when , following the edicts of 726 , prohibiting the cult of images , and in 730 , the destruction of images , and the consequent persecution of the Monks of San Basilio by the emperor Leo III Isauric , the Basilians , who took refuge on the Calabrian coasts , built not only monasteries , but also contributed to the formation of civil and religious communities . This hypothesis can be confirmed by the fact that the oldest toponym of Montauro handed down by some sources , is of Greek origin , Mentràbrion , while the Latin one is Mentaurum . In the eleventh century in the diocese of Squillace there were twelve Basilian monasteries , including that of San Gregorio di Stalettì .
The cult of oriental saints venerated in our countries is proof that the Italian districts begin their journey of faith precisely in this historical period , even if the diocese of Squillace already existed for several centuries , whose foundation dates back to the apostolic age . Ages in whose territory there were already some monasteries founded by Cassiodorus , long before the arrival of the monks of San Basilio . In Montauro , Saint Pantaleone , martyr of Nicomedia , today 's Izmit is venerated .
Before Bruno di Colonia founded the charterhouse in Calabria in 1091 , and even before 1000 , the hamlet of Montauro , it can be assumed , had already achieved a certain autonomy . In fact , certain historical documents attest to the presence of the hamlet of Montauro even before the year 1000 . Among the first documents is the so-called `` Placitum '' , by Count Roger , who donated `` to the hermits of the Certosa di Santa Maria del Bosco '' a mill for the sustenance of the workers of the building of the Monastery of Mentabro [ 6 ] . Other donations confirmed by the various Popes followed : Urban II , in 1098 , Pasquale II , in 1102 , Callisto II , in 1120 . The first economic , social and religious impulse of the farmhouse was given by the Basilian monks , further developed by the Normans and the Carthusians , to whom ecclesiastical jurisdiction was granted by Giovanni , bishop of Squillace in 1098 , and the civil one by Count Roger , a privilege confirmed by Pope Urban II . In this period the population of Montauro was the site of a sudden increase , as a large group of 112 prisoner heads of families were brought into the municipality , with children , brothers , brothers-in-law , and grandchildren , in all 218 people , of whom healthy and wounded were forced to initial imprisonment in 162 , the others were saved with the escape , almost all coming from the districts of Squillace and Soverato , which in Capua had betrayed Count Ruggero , for which they had been sentenced to capital punishment , but through the intercession of San Bruno , the Count commuted this penalty to perpetual servitude under the Carthusian fathers .
The community and economy of Montauro developed after the year 1000 by the Normans , who , subtracting the lands of Calabria from the Byzantines , founded a feudal state headed by Roberto il Guiscardo ( 1015-1085 ) , then in 1061 he left the company to his brother Roger I ( 1031-Mileto 1101 ) , whose son Roger II ( 1095-1154 ) was nominated Duke of Puglia and Calabria in 1127 . In this period Montauro was the protagonist of a significant demographic increase ( 1175 in the 1278 census ) . In 1098 Count Roger I of Altavilla placed the hamlet of Montauro under the civil jurisdiction of the Certosa , for which the Bishop of Squillace Giovanni ceded the ecclesiastical jurisdiction . The donation would have been confirmed by Pope Calisto II in 1120 with a diploma whose authenticity is controversial .
Emperor Frederick II reconfirmed the donation both in 1212 and in 1224 . There would also be news of a series of donations in documents of the Angevin chancellery : in a diploma of Charles I of 1272 , in another of Charles II of 1305 , in still another by Giovanna I of 1344 . The population of Montauro at the census of 1276 numbered 1 176 units . As is known , in 1192 , the monastery of Santo Stefano del Bosco , with all its vast patrimony , passed from the Carthusians to the Cistercians and from these , starting from the fifteenth century , to commendatory Abbots , who , aimed at earning a mere income by limiting any expense , they took no care in the administration of the estate .
Cities and towns in Calabria
Majengo is an administrative ward in the Singida Urban district of the Singida Region of Tanzania . In 2016 the Tanzania National Bureau of Statistics report there were 10,282 people in the ward , from 9,370 in 2012 .
References
Wards of Singida Region
Brent Guy ( born September 5 , 1960 ) is an American college football coach and former player . Guy served as the defensive coordinator for Florida International University . Guy also served as head football coach at Utah State University from 2005 to 2008 , compiling an overall record of nine wins and 38 losses .
Playing career
Guy graduated from Booker High School in Booker , Texas and attended Oklahoma State University , where he was a defensive end and linebacker before graduating with a degree in Hotel and Restaurant Administration . He played on the Independence Bowl team that still holds the school record for total defense ( giving up 268 yards per game ) . Guy finished his playing career with 177 tackles , he was credited with 103 his senior season . `` Tales from Oklahoma State Football '' by Pat Jones and Jimmie Tramel chronicled Guy 's playing and coaching career .
Coaching career
Guy began his coaching career as a graduate assistant coach at Oklahoma State in 1986 . After two seasons , he was promoted to the position of recruiting coordinator ( 1988 ) and then served as the Cowboys linebackers coach ( 1989–1991 ) . He subsequently coached at Utah State from 1992 through 1994 , working with the linebackers under then head coach Charlie Weatherbie . In that time , the Aggies won a Big West Conference Championship and posted the first bowl victory in school history , winning the 1993 Las Vegas Bowl 42–33 against Ball State .
Guy returned to Oklahoma State in 1995 as the Cowboys linebackers coach . From 1998 to 2000 , he served as defensive coordinator at Boise State before taking a similar position at Arizona State . During his time at Boise State , the Broncos won 2 conference championships , the first Division-1 conference championship in school history . Guy was responsible for running a defense that was 1st in total defense , scoring defense , and rush defense both years . Boise State went on to win back to back Humanitarian Bowl Games during that time .
Guy served as the Sun Devils defensive coordinator for four seasons . Guy 's 2002 Holiday Bowl defense set school records for sacks and Tackles for Loss ( TFLs ) with the help of future NFL Super Bowl Champion Terrel Suggs who won the Lombardi and Outland Trophies , thanks in large part to setting the NCAA single season sack record . In 2004 , ASU went 9–3 and defeated Purdue in the Sun Bowl . That marked the Sun Devils ' second bowl appearance in three years . ASU 's defense finished that year ranked 28th nationally in rushing defense , 32nd in pass efficiency defense and 48th in both total and scoring defense . Guy left Arizona State in 2005 , returning to Utah State to become the head coach . Between 2005 and 2008 , Guy led the Aggies to a 9–38 record . During his tenure , the team failed to win more than three games in any of his four seasons . Following his firing at USU , he was the linebackers coach at Louisville ( 2009 ) and UNLV ( 2010 ) .
Guy was named defensive coordinator and linebackers coach at the University of Tulsa on January 21 , 2011 . In 2012 , the Golden Hurricane went on to win the Conference USA Championship and finished ranked in the top 25 after defeating Iowa State in the Liberty Bowl 31–17 . That year , Tulsa 's defense set school records in sacks and tackles for loss , finishing second and third in the nation respectively . Tulsa finished the season ranked in the top 25 in defense . In each of his first three seasons at the school , a Golden Hurricane linebacker earned first-team All-Conference USA honors—Curnelius Arnick ( 2011 ) , DeAundre Brown ( 2012 ) , and Shawn Jackson ( 2013 ) . Jackson , who was also named the 2013 Conference USA defensive player of the year , finished his career as Tulsa 's all-time leader in sacks ( 23.5 ) and tackles for loss ( 55.5 ) , and second all-time in tackles ( 409 ) . In Guy 's final three years as the defensive play-caller , University of Tulsa ranked ninth in the country for total TFL 's , averaging 6.8 per game .
In 2015 Guy was hired as the Memphis safeties coach . That same year the Memphis Tigers earned a 9-3 record and appeared in the Birmingham Bowl . With nine victories in the 2015 season the Tigers set the University of Memphis record for the most wins in a 2-year span .
In December 2016 , new FIU head coach Butch Davis hired Guy as defensive coordinator .
In November 2017 , Guy was nominated for the Broyles Award .
Personal
Guy is married to Shawn McManus and has two children , daughter Madison and son Riley . While at Louisville , Guy made a cameo appearance in the 2011 Academy Award-winning documentary Undefeated .
After retiring from coaching , Guy revealed that in 1990 he was diagnosed with bipolar disorder , and that he had spent the majority of his career trying to conceal it . He now works with the National Alliance on Mental Illness to train first responders to recognize more quickly the signs of mental illness .
Head coaching record
References
External links
Utah State biography
1960 births
Living people
American football defensive ends
American football linebackers
Arizona State Sun Devils football coaches
Boise State Broncos football coaches
Louisville Cardinals football coaches
Oklahoma State Cowboys football coaches
Oklahoma State Cowboys football players
People from Perryton , Texas
Players of American football from Texas
Tulsa Golden Hurricane football coaches
UNLV Rebels football coaches
Utah State Aggies football coaches
Memphis Tigers football coaches
FIU Panthers football coaches
People from Booker , Texas
