Shahpur is a medium size village in Phillaur tehsil of Jalandhar District of Punjab State , India . It is located 7.7 km away from Goraya , 41 km from Jalandhar and 122 km from state capital Chandigarh . Shahpur has postal head office in Phillaur which is 11 km away from the village . The village is administrated by Sarpanch who is the elected representative of village .
Caste
The village has schedule caste ( SC ) constitutes 54.01 % of total population of the village and it does n't have any Schedule Tribe ( ST ) population .
Education
The village has a Punjabi Medium , Co-educational Upper Primary school ( GMS Shahpur School ) . The school provide mid-day meal as per Indian Midday Meal Scheme and the meal prepared in school premises . The school was founded in 1954 .
Colleges
Below is the list of college/institutes in Shahpur :
Ct Institute Of Pharmaceutical Sciences
M.k . College Of Education
Transport
Rail
Phillaur Junction is the nearest train station however , Bhatian Railway Station is 4 km away from the village .
Air
The nearest domestic airport is located 38 km away in Ludhiana and the nearest international airport is located in Chandigarh also Sri Guru Ram Dass Jee International Airport is the second nearest airport which is 136 km away in Amritsar .
References
Villages in Jalandhar district
Villages in Phillaur tehsil
Weekend World is the British drum and bass group E-Z Rollers ' second album . It was released in 1998 . In 1999 , the album was re-released with two bonus tracks and slightly altered track listing and cover art . The song `` Short Change '' was used as the main menu music for the 1999 game Grand Theft Auto 2 .
1998 Track listing
`` Hang On ''
`` Soundclash ''
`` Hip to the Game ''
`` Cop Theme ''
`` Tough at the Top ''
`` A Word from Dave ''
`` Nightfall ''
`` Movin ' On ''
`` Diff Step ''
`` Rhode Trip ''
`` Short Change ''
`` Funked Up Flavas ''
`` Retro ''
`` Walk This Land ( Remix ) ''
`` Tribe ''
`` Weekend World ''
`` Synesthesia ''
1999 Track listing
`` Walk This Land ( Edit ) ''
`` Hang On ''
`` Soundclash ( '99 Edit ) ''
`` Hip to the Game ''
`` Cop Theme ''
`` Tough at the Top ''
`` A Word from Dave ''
`` Nightfall ''
`` Movin ' On ''
`` Diff Step ''
`` Rhode Trip ''
`` Short Change ''
`` Funked Up Flavas ''
`` Retro ( Vocal Edit ) ''
`` Walk This Land ( Smoking Barrel Mix ) ''
`` Weekend World ''
`` Synesthesia ''
`` Tough at the Top ( Origin Unknown Remix ) ''
The 1999 release shifts the whole track list up one and inserts `` Walk This Land ( Edit ) '' as the first track , a remix of `` Tough at the Top '' by Origin Unknown at the end , and omits the song `` Tribe '' entirely . `` Soundclash '' is shortened by approximately 47 seconds and labelled as the `` '99 Edit '' . `` Retro '' is replaced by the Vocal Edit , which was originally released on a single in 1997 . It is approximately 1 minute and 34 seconds shorter than the 1998 album version . The track `` Walk This Land ( Smoking Barrel Mix ) '' is identical to the mix from the 1998 release . `` Walk This Land ( Edit ) '' was featured in the Guy Ritchie film `` Lock , Stock and Two Smoking Barrels '' .
References
1998 albums
Yoon Hae-young ( born January 5 , 1972 ) is a South Korean actress . She began acting after passing the SBS Open Auditions in 1993 , and has starred in television dramas such as See and See Again ( 1998 ) , This Is Love ( 2001 ) , Elephant ( 2008 ) , The Tale of Janghwa and Hongryeon ( also known as Love and Obsession , 2009 ) , Special Task Force MSS ( 2011 ) and I Like You ( 2012 ) .
Filmography
Television series
Film
Variety/radio show
Awards and nominations
References
External links
Yoon Hae-young Fan Cafe at Daum
Yoon Hae-young at Happy Actors
1972 births
Living people
South Korean television actresses
South Korean film actresses
Kyonggi University alumni
People from Seoul
Terra Mítica ( ) is a theme park located in Benidorm , Comunitat Valenciana , Spain . The park is divided into five themed zones : Egypt , Greece , Rome , Iberia , and the Islands ( of the Mediterranean ) . The park opened in 2000 .
In 2001 , a year after park opening , Paramount Parks entered into an agreement to manage Terra Mítica , and the park was branded as a Paramount Park for the following season . In 2004 , the park filed for the Spanish equivalent of bankruptcy protection from its creditors . Since then , the park has operated independently . Terra Mítica emerged from temporary receivership in 2006 , after restructuring its expenses , reducing labor costs , and canceling debt through the sale of unused park land . After generating an average negative operating profit of 8 million € per year from its inception , Terra Mítica produced positive EBITDA in 2006 .
For the 2008 season , Terra Mítica added a new free access area including major branded food chains and shops as well as an outdoor adventure park . Plans for the 2009 season included the addition of shopping outlets adjacent to the Iberia section of the park . A hotel is planned to be built by Ortiz Hijos in the area just behind the Egypt section of the park .
For the 2013 season , the park was divided into two separate parks : Iberia Park and Terra Mítica . Iberia Park is a free-admission area that requires tokens to be bought to access the rides . It covers half of the Egypt zone and all of the Iberia and Islands areas . Terra Mítica is a pay-to-enter area where all rides are free while inside . For the 2014 season , Iberia Park became gated , requiring a ticket to enter . Iberia Park is only open for two months from 2016 onwards .
In 2016 , the Luxor Hotel was opened . To coincide with the hotel 's opening , the season was reduced to three months , but prices were increased , causing many season pass holders to complain .
It appears as if in the 2021 season only Iberia Park reopened , as the map of Terra Mítica and all its attractions were removed from the website . In addition to that , some of Iberia Park 's more elaborate attractions , such as El Rescate de Ulises ( Ulysses ' Rescue ) , also stayed closed .
Park Structure
The park is organized into five thematic areas , each influenced by their respective origins :
Egypt
Greece
Rome
Iberia
The Islands - This area is influenced by the ancient Mediterranean cultures and history .
In 2008 , the following areas were added to the park :
Ocionía - A free access area with themed shops , branded restaurants , and pay-as-you-go attractions . Ocionia is located just before the park entrance area .
Atalaya - An outdoor adventure and obstacle course with challenges for adults and children alike . Atalaya is adjacent to the park entrance .
Rides
In total , there are 25 rides at the park . The list of rides by complexity is given below ( strong - red colour , medium - yellow colour , easy - green colour , children - blue colour ) .
Shows
Calendar and admission
Terra Mitica is open almost every day in June , July , August , and the first week of September from 10.30 am to 8 pm , 9 pm or 10.30 pm ( closing time varies ) . It opens from 10.30 to 7 pm on some selected days in May , October and November . It remains closed to whole months of December to April .
In 2016 , a single adult ticket costs €38 . A two-day adult ticket is €48 . An afternoon adult ticket is €25 . There are discounted tickets for juniors ( 5–10 years old ) , seniors ( 60 years and older ) , and disabled people . Children 0–5 years enter free .
Season passes are also available : adult season pass - €80 ( family : €70 ) ; season pass renewal : no reduction as of 2016 . For family season passes a proof of family relationship is required .
Incidents
On 7 July 2014 , an Icelandic teenager was killed after his harness sprung open on Inferno . All other ZacSpin across the world ceased operations pending investigation findings from Terra Mítica and later reopened .
Notes
External links
Terra Mítica Official Website
Amusement parks in Spain
Buildings and structures in Benidorm
2000 establishments in Spain
Tourist attractions in the Valencian Community
Amusement parks opened in 2000
There are fifteen passenger ferry quays in İzmir , of which nine are in active service in Gulf of İzmir .
Background
The first ferry services in the Gulf of İzmir were launched in February 1884 by the İzmir Hamidiye Ferry Company . The piers used in those years were wooden . According to the data of 1915 , the Konak-Karşıyaka line was used by 1,100,000 people annually , while 900,000 passengers were carried between Konak and Güzelyalı . The Belgians , who bought the company shares in 1908 , changed the name of the company . In 1925 , a public company called İzmir Port and Gulf Affairs took over the transportation business . Later , Turkish Maritime Organization became responsible for transport in the gulf . At that time , sixty daily services were organized on six lines . İzmir Metropolitan Municipality took over the transportation business in 2000 . Today , the company named İzdeniz established by the municipality provides transportation in the gulf . As of 2018 , there are nine active ferry quays in the gulf . In 2015 , 14,392,982 passengers were carried .
Quays
Active
Following is the list of active ferry quays :
Seasonal
Inactive
References
External links
İZDENİZ website
Transport in İzmir
Izmir
Turkey transport-related lists
Gulf of İzmir
The black-spotted bare-eye ( Phlegopsis nigromaculata ) is a species of insectivore passerine bird in the antbird family Thamnophilidae . It is found in Bolivia , Brazil , Colombia , Ecuador , and Peru . Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests .
The black-spotted bare-eye was described by the French naturalists Alcide d'Orbigny and Frédéric de Lafresnaye in 1837 and given the binomial name Myothera nigro-maculata . The specific epithet combines the Latin words niger for `` black '' and maculatus for `` spotted '' .
There are four subspecies :
Phlegopsis nigromaculata nigromaculata ( d'Orbigny & Lafresnaye , 1837 ) – southeast Colombia , east Ecuador , east Peru , north Bolivia and southwest Amazonian Brazil
Phlegopsis nigromaculata bowmani Ridgway , 1888 – south central Amazonian Brazil and central Bolivia
Phlegopsis nigromaculata confinis Zimmer , JT , 1932 – east central Amazonian Brazil
Phlegopsis nigromaculata paraensis Hellmayr , 1904 – northeast Brazil south of the Amazon
The black-spotted bare-eye is in length and weighs . The sexes are alike .
This species is a specialist ant-follower that relies upon swarms of army ants to flush insects and other arthropods out of the leaf litter .
References
Further reading
black-spotted bare-eye
Birds of the Amazon Basin
black-spotted bare-eye
Birds of Brazil
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Honjo-ike Fukutei No.2 Dam is an earthfill dam located in Fukuoka Prefecture in Japan . The dam is used for irrigation . The catchment area of the dam is 8.5 km2 . The dam impounds about 19 ha of land when full and can store 1539 thousand cubic meters of water . The construction of the dam was completed in 1946 .
References
Dams in Fukuoka Prefecture
1946 establishments in Japan
The L Word : Generation Q is an American drama television series produced by Showtime that premiered on December 8 , 2019 . It is a sequel series to The L Word , which aired on Showtime from 2004 to 2009 . Similar to its predecessor , the series follows the lives of an LGBTQ group of friends who live in Los Angeles , California .
A first-look screening of the series took place on December 9 , 2019 , hosted by House of Pride , to coincide with the US release . In January 2020 , Showtime renewed the series for a second season which premiered on August 8 , 2021 . In February 2022 , the series was renewed for a third season which is set to premiere on November 20 , 2022 .
Synopsis
The show centers on a group of diverse LGBTQ+ characters experiencing love , heartbreak , sex , setbacks , personal growth and success in Los Angeles . Generation Q is set over ten years after The L Word , in the new setting of Silver Lake , Los Angeles . Several actors from the original series returned to reprise their roles alongside a new ensemble of diverse characters .
Cast and characters
Main
Jennifer Beals as Bette Porter , the managing director at Isaac Zakarian 's art gallery . Beals reprises her role from The L Word .
Katherine Moennig as Shane McCutcheon , an androgynous and highly sexual lesbian former hairdresser , now the owner of `` Dana 's '' , a gay bar named after her deceased friend , Dana Fairbanks . Moennig reprises her role from The L Word .
Leisha Hailey as Alice Pieszecki , a talk show host and author . Hailey reprises her role from The L Word .
Arienne Mandi as Dani Nùñez , Bette 's former PR manager , Sophie 's ex-fiancée and CEO of `` Núñez Incorporated '' following her father 's arrest . She is Iranian on her deceased mother 's side .
Sepideh Moafi as Gigi Ghorbani , the ex-wife of Nat Bailey and co-mother of their children , and currently Dani 's girlfriend . Her real name is Golnar , and `` Gigi '' is a nickname .
Leo Sheng as Micah Lee , an adjunct professor and therapist working for Nat Bailey who is a trans man , and Maribel Suarez 's boyfriend
Jacqueline Toboni as Sarah Finley , an executive assistant from a religious family . She goes by `` Finley '' , previously worked for Alice Pieszecki and had an affair with Sophie which led to the end of Sophie and Dani 's relationship .
Rosanny Zayas as Sophie Suarez , a TV producer for Alice 's show and Dani 's ex-fiancée , having had an affair with Finley not long before their wedding . She and Finley later enter a relationship , which becomes strained due to Finley 's alcoholism .
Jordan Hull as Angelica `` Angie '' Porter-Kennard ( season 2 ; recurring season 1 ) , Bette 's daughter with her ex-wife , Tina Kennard , and half-sister of Kayla Allenwood
Jamie Clayton as Tess Van De Berg ( season 3 ; recurring seasons 1–2 ) , the bartender/manager of Dana 's , a recovering alcoholic and girlfriend of Shane
Rosie O'Donnell as Carrie ( season 3 ; guest starring season 2 ) , Tina Kennard 's ex-fiancé
Recurring
Freddy Miyares as José , the new property manager of Dani , Sophie and Micah 's home , Micah 's ex-boyfriend and husband of Scott
Carlos Leal as Rodolfo Nùñez , Dani 's father
Brian Michael Smith as Pierce Williams , Bette 's campaign manager who is a trans man
Stephanie Allynne as Natalie `` Nat '' Bailey , Gigi 's ex-wife and Alice 's partner until she realizes she is polyamorous , which leads Alice to end their relationship
Jillian Mercado as Maribel Suarez , Sophie 's sister and an immigration attorney , and Micah 's girlfriend
Olivia Thirlby as Rebecca , a bisexual Congregationalist minister ( MCC ) who briefly dates Finley
Latarsha Rose as Felicity Adams , an ex-employee and ex-lover of Bette 's
Sophie Giannamore as Jordi Sanbolino , Angelica 's girlfriend
Lex Scott Davis as Quiara Thompson , a popular singer and Shane 's manipulative ex-wife
Donald Faison as Tom Maultsby ( season 2 ) , an editor who becomes interested in Alice 's book and later begins a relationship with her
Special guests
Laurel Holloman as Tina Kennard , Angelica 's biological mother and Bette 's ex-wife . Holloman reprises her role from The L Word .
Roxane Gay as herself
Megan Rapinoe as herself
Margaret Cho as herself ( season 3 )
Guest starring
Fortune Feimster as Heather
Jeffrey Muller as Tyler Adams , the ex-husband of Felicity Adams who harbors a grudge against Bette Porter ever since Felicity slept with her
Mercedes Mason as Lena , Tess ' ex-girlfriend
Rex Linn as Jeff Milner , the Mayor of Los Angeles who won against Bette through fraudulent campaigning
Griffin Dunne as Isaac Zakarian ( season 2 ) , the owner of an art gallery who hires Bette despite her dislike for his views
Brook'Lynn Sanders as Kayla Allenwood ( season 2 ) , Angie 's half-sister from Marcus Allenwood
Vanessa Estelle Williams as Pippa Pascal ( season 2 ) , a talented artist whose career Bette seeks to revive
Anne Archer as Lenore Pieszecki ( season 2 ) , Alice 's mother . Archer reprises her role from The L Word .
Rosanna Arquette as Cherie Jaffe ( season 2 ) , Shane 's ex-lover and Tess 's brief new girlfriend but who still pursues Shane . Arquette reprises her role from The L Word .
Mark Berry as Marcus Allenwood ( season 2 ) , an artist and the sperm donor of Angelica Porter-Kennard . Berry replaces Mark Gibson , who portrayed Marcus in The L Word .
Joey Lauren Adams as Taylor ( season 3 )
Joanna Cassidy as Patty ( season 3 )
Episodes
Series overview
Season 1 ( 2019–20 )
Season 2 ( 2021 )
Season 3
Production
Development
A sequel to The L Word was confirmed to be in development by Showtime on July 11 , 2017 . Marja-Lewis Ryan was confirmed as showrunner and executive producer on November 20 , 2017 ; original L Word series creator and showrunner Ilene Chaiken will serve as executive producer , with Jennifer Beals , Katherine Moennig , and Leisha Hailey also serving as executive producers . The L Word : Generation Q will consist of eight episodes .
In anticipation of the show , several LGBTQIA outlets have created special programming , such as Autostraddle 's podcast To L & Back : An L Word Podcast ; two episodes of RuPaul 's podcast , RuPaul : What 's the Tee ? ( one of which is a conversation with L Word producer and cast member Kate Moennig ) ; an episode of Margaret Cho 's podcast , The Margaret Cho , featuring comedian Fortune Feimster who will appear in The L Word as a guest star ; and Cameron Esposito 's podcast , Queery , in which she interviews original L Word creator Ilene Chaiken
.
On January 13 , 2020 , the series was renewed for a second season . Due to the COVID-19 pandemic , filming for the second season was delayed for several months and was originally expected to premiere in late 2020 . Production for the second season finally began in December 2020 . On February 4 , 2022 , Showtime renewed the series for a 10-episode third season which is expected to premiere later this year . Production for the third season began on June 9 , 2022 .
Casting
Jennifer Beals , Katherine Moennig , and Leisha Hailey reprised their roles from the original series . Bette and Tina 's daughter Angelica , depicted as an infant in the original series , was portrayed as a teenager by Jordan Hull . Sarah Shahi stated that she would reprise her role as Carmen de la Pica Morales , though Showtime did not officially confirm her involvement , and Shahi ultimately did not appear in the series . Pam Grier stated that she would not reprise her role as Kit Porter due to shooting conflicts with the ABC series Bless This Mess . Kit was subsequently written out of the series as having died of a drug overdose .
Ryan stated that she wished to introduce new characters to the series in order to have it `` live on in a different space . '' Arienne Mandi , Leo Sheng , Jacqueline Toboni , and Rosanny Zayas were confirmed as series regulars on June 24 , 2019 , and Sepideh Moafi was confirmed as a series regular on August 2 , 2019 . Brian Michael Smith and Stephanie Allynne were confirmed for recurring guests on June 27 , 2019 . Olivia Thirlby , Fortune Feimster , Lex Scott Davis , and Sophie Giannamore were confirmed for guest roles on July 23 , 2019 , while Freddy Miyares , Jamie Clayton , and Carlos Leal were confirmed for recurring roles on July 31 , 2019 . On December 2 , 2019 , Jillian Mercado was cast in a recurring role . Laurel Holloman returning as Tina Kennard was teased during the series ' promotion but not confirmed until the sixth episode aired ; her appearance was revealed before the episode 's opening credits .
On December 9 , 2020 , for the second season , Jordan Hull was promoted to a series regular while Rosie O'Donnell , Donald Faison , and Griffin Dunne were cast to guest star as Carrie , Tom Maultsby and Isaac Zakarian , respectively . Anne Archer and Rosanna Arquette also returned from the original series to reprise their roles as Lenore Pieszecki and Cherie Jaffe , respectively . On July 27 , 2022 , Kehlani announced that they are set to guest star for the third season . On August 8 , 2022 , Margaret Cho , Joey Lauren Adams , and Joanna Cassidy were cast to guest star while Clayton was promoted to a series regular for the third season . On September 12 , 2022 , O'Donnell revealed that she had been promoted to a series regular and may have a sex scene for the third season on The Howard Stern Show . On September 21 , 2022 , Fletcher announced that she is set to guest star for the third season .
Broadcast
The L Word : Generation Q premiered on December 8 , 2019 , on Showtime . The UK television premiere was on Sky Atlantic on February 4 , 2020 The first episode of the second season debuted on August 6 , 2021 , on streaming and on-demand for Showtime subscribers , ahead of its Showtime premiere on August 8 , 2021 . Each episode of the second season was released to stream on demand every Friday , ahead of its weekly Showtime on-air premiere .
The third season is scheduled to premiere on November 20 , 2022 , with a new episode available to stream on demand every Friday for Showtime subscribers , ahead of its weekly Showtime on-air premiere .
Reception
Critical response
On review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes , the series holds an approval rating of 81 % based on 31 reviews , with an average rating of 6.9/10 . The website 's critical consensus reads , `` Though at times Generation Q does n't quite stand on its own , it has style and charm to spare and announces a new phrase for The L Word that will please new and old fans alike . On Metacritic , it has a weighted average score of 60 out of 100 , based on 13 critics , indicating `` mixed or average reviews '' .
The second season , however , was met with a more polarized response , particularly for its narrative , heavy reliance on throwbacks to the original series , and its negative stereotypes regarding bisexual relationships , butch women and transgender people . The Los Angeles Times put particular emphasis on Carrie , the series ' first clear butch character who was portrayed as an overweight , self-loathing , insecure woman easily intimidated by Bette and all femmes in general , and Finley , who was depicted as overly carefree to the point of being drunk and potentially dangerous . Bree Tomas voiced her defense for butch characters , particularly Rosie O'Donnell , who after being cast as Carrie was subjected to heavy fan backlash and negative comparisons to Jennifer Beals on social media . According to Showbiz Cheat Sheet , following the airing of the second season finale , which saw the end of both Bette and Pippa 's relationship and Tina and Carrie 's engagement due to Bette 's actions and behavior , and ended with a cliffhanger that teased a third reunion between Bette and Tina , fans expressed their displeasure with Bette and Tina 's storyline , labelling it as too repetitive and `` out of line '' , and took to Twitter with the hashtag `` IleneSavetheLWord '' . Ilene Chaiken , the creator and showrunner of the original series who herself had come under heavy criticism for reinforcing negative lesbian stereotypes , responded by praising Ryan 's work and defending her decision to give Ryan full creative control .
Ratings
Season 1
Season 2
Accolades
The L Word : Generation Q was nominated for the Outstanding Drama Series category for the 33rd GLAAD Media Awards in 2022 .
Notes
References
External links
The L Word : Generation Q at Showtime.com
The L Word : Generation Q at Autostraddle.com
The L Word : Generation Q at Lesbicanarias.es
2010s American black television series
2010s American LGBT-related drama television series
2010s American romance television series
2010s romantic drama television series
2019 American television series debuts
2020s American black television series
2020s American LGBT-related drama television series
2020s American romance television series
2020s romantic drama television series
American romantic drama television series
American sequel television series
Bisexuality-related television series
English-language television shows
Hispanic and Latino American television
Lesbian-related television shows
LGBT culture in Los Angeles
Serial drama television series
Showtime ( TV network ) original programming
Television shows directed by Steph Green
Television shows set in Los Angeles
Transgender-related television shows
Polyamory in fiction
Theriiformes is a clade of mammals . The term was coined by Timothy B. Rowe in his doctoral dissertation , and is defined as the clade formed by the most recent common ancestor of multituberculates and therians , and all its descendants .
The cladogram below follows Luo et al . ( 2016 ) :
References
Taxa named by Timothy B. Rowe
The Judo competition at the 1997 Mediterranean Games was held in Bari , Italy from 24 June 1997 .
Medal overview
Men
Women
Medal table
References
Results of the 1997 Mediterranean Games ( JudoInside.com )
1997
Sports at the 1997 Mediterranean Games
Mediterranean Games
Judo competitions in Italy
The whiskered pitta ( Erythropitta kochi ) is a rare species of bird in the family Pittidae . It is endemic to Luzon in the Philippines . This bird is the largest pitta in the country reaching 23 cm long and 116 g in mass . It has a brownish head , blue breast , and red belly . It has broad ash malar or `` whiskers '' . Its natural habitat is tropical moist lowland forest and tropical moist montane forest . It is threatened by habitat loss and trapping . It is one of the most sought after birds by birdwatchers in the Philippines .
Description
EBird describes the bird as `` A medium-sized bird of lower-elevation montane forest floor and undergrowth on Luzon . Prefers thick undergrowth with moss , ferns , and a steep slope . Brown on the back and sides with a red belly , a blue chest , tail , and edge of the wing , rufous on the back of the head , a dark face with a pale moustache , and a pale line behind the eye . Very similar to Blue-breasted Pitta , but Whiskered usually occurs at higher elevations , has an obvious whisker on the face , and has a brown rather than green back . Song is a long , mournful downslurred note followed by several shorter ones , “ doooo doo-doo-doo-doo ! ” . ''
Habitat and conservation status
It chiefly inhabits montane forest , tolerating degraded and selectively logged areas . Records span a wide altitudinal range of 360 to 2,200 m. However , the highest densities found at 900-1,500 m where it typically breeds . It appears to prefer closed-canopy , primary montane , oak dominated forest , frequently on steep slopes . Its movements are poorly understood . Records from south Luzon ( which may refer to wintering individuals ) suggest that there is some intra-island migration ..
IUCN has assessed this bird as near threatened with estimates being at 10,000 to 19,999 mature individuals . This species ' main threat is habitat loss with wholesale clearance of forest habitats as a result of logging , agricultural conversion and mining activities occurring within the range . It is also threatened by hunting in snare traps .
It occurs in a number of protected areas , including the Northern Sierra Madre Natural Park , Mount Pulag Natural Park , Mt . Isarog and the Maria Aurora National Park however enforcement against loggers and hunters is lax . It is also listed as CITES Appendix I .
References
whiskered pitta
Endemic birds of the Philippines
Birds of Luzon
whiskered pitta
whiskered pitta
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Kelvin Redvers is a producer and film director who belongs to the Deninu Kųę́ First Nation .
Biography
Kelvin Redvers grew up in Hay River , Northwest Territories . He majored in film production and graduated in June 2010 with a Bachelor of Fine Arts from Simon Fraser University in Vancouver , British Columbia , where he gained the proficiency for writing and directing his first short films Playing Cards ( 2007 ) and The Night the Robber Came ( 2009 ) . His work covers both Aboriginal and non-Aboriginal topics as well as First Nations community and aboriginal current affairs .
Redvers received his first nationwide Bravo ! Canada broadcast credit at the age of 21 , for The Making of a Haida Totem Pole . Redvers ' documentary television series for Knowledge Network titled Our First Voices ( 2012 ) proved Redvers as an up-and-coming filmmaker . Because of the success of Our First Voices , Redvers , at the age of 23 , was hired in September 2010 by CTV as a producer of CTV-BC 's First Story , a Vancouver-based television series and production company that detail Canadian Aboriginal concerns . Over the course of three seasons , as of 2014 , Redvers had produced twelve episodes for First Story .
Toronto International Film Festival
In May 2011 , Redvers applied for a film grant through BravoFACT ( Foundation to Assist Canadian Talent ) . The funding that he received through BravoFACT allowed Redvers the opportunity to make the seven-minute short film The Dancing Cop . In September 2012 , The Dancing Cop premiered in the Short Cuts section at the Toronto International Film Festival and at the Oldenburg Film Festival in Germany .
'We Matter ' Campaign ( 2016-present )
In October 2016 , Kelvin Redvers and his sister T'áncháy Redvers launched 'We Matter ' , a national online campaign designed to bring awareness to the struggles of Indigenous youth across Canada . It is modelled after Dan Savage 's 'It Gets Better ' campaign and collects videos and writings from each Indigenous community across Canada with the aim of reducing the number of indigenous teen suicides , while also providing them with mental health resources . Redvers mails the Matter videos on USB drives to Indigenous communities across Canada who do not have internet access .
High Arctic Haulers
Redvers is the series creator for the documentary series High Arctic Haulers , and directed several of its segments . The series follows the hard and challenging work of the men and women behind the annual sealift that brings almost all of the supplies to the many Northern communities not served by roads . Redvers told Nunavut News that he first conceived the idea for the show in 2015 , and that part of his motivation was dissatisfaction with how the North was portrayed by film-makers from the south .
Redvers said this was his largest production so far , and that he was managing multiple crews aboard multiple vessels . Redvers said that he had included profiles of First Nations youth taking leadership roles .
Film Awards and Recognition
Golden Starfish award for `` Best Young Videomaker '' at the Hamptons International Film Festival ( won )
Rising Star Award for Excellence in Filmmaking at the Canada International Film Festival ( won )
Best Film in the Drama Category at the International Student Film Festival ( won )
Gordon Shrum Gold Medal ( 2010 , won )
Jack Webster Award ( 2011 , won for Black Blood—Tainted Land , Dying Caribou )
Jack Webster Award ( 2012 , won for First Story , episode `` A Home for Edgar ' )
RTDNA Trina McQueen Award from the Association of Electronic Journalists ( 2012 , won for Death of a Carver )
Film and Television Contributions
References
External links
'We Matter ' campaign website
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
Film directors from the Northwest Territories
First Nations filmmakers
Simon Fraser University alumni
Jack Webster award recipients
is a railway station in Higashihiroshima , Hiroshima Prefecture , Japan , operated by West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) .
Lines
Shiraichi Station is served by the Sanyō Main Line .
Layout
Shiraichi Station has one side platform , one island platform and a station office on ground . The two platforms are connected by a footbridge .
Adjacent stations
|-
! colspan=5|JR West
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
External links
Railway stations in Hiroshima Prefecture
Sanyō Main Line
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1895
The American Sociologist is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering sociology with special emphasis on topics of broad concern to the profession and the discipline . It was established in 1965 and published by the American Sociological Association until suspended in 1982 . It resumed in 1987 when it was taken over by Transaction Publishers . Transaction sold its journal publishing program to Springer Science+Business Media in 2007 .
Abstracting and indexing
The journal is abstracted and indexed in :
References
Further reading
External links
Sociology journals
Publications established in 1965
Springer Science+Business Media academic journals
English-language journals
Quarterly journals
Private James Frazer is a fictional Home Guard platoon member and undertaker , first portrayed by John Laurie in the BBC television sitcom Dad 's Army . He is noted for his catchphrases `` We 're doomed ! '' and `` Rubbish ! ''
Personality
Frazer was born in 1872 and is a dour , trouble-stirring , exaggerating , wild-eyed Scottish undertaker ( formerly the keeper of a philatelist 's shop with a hobby of making coffins ) . He hails from the `` wild and lonely '' Isle of Barra in the Outer Hebrides , an apparently desolate and bleak place that appears to have informed most of his pessimistic , dark tendencies .
He is an old sailor and traveller who claims to have had many adventures in the south seas , describing in Uninvited Guests how an expedition with a friend named Jethro led to Jethro being cursed to die a witch doctor for stealing a ruby from a jungle temple , and recounting in Do n't Forget the Diver how another friend , Wally Stuart , died from `` the dreaded bends '' when they were diving for pearls , leading to Frazer inheriting his diving suit . He was awarded the Polar Medal for serving on the Shackleton Expedition - which one is not made clear but it would have been the 1907-09 Nimrod expedition since the 1914-16 Endurance expedition members would not have been back in time to partake in the battle of Jutland , and no Polar Medals were awarded for the 1921-22 Quest expedition . Typically he describes the Antarctic as `` a wild and lonely place with nothing but ice and snow '' - which is why the medal ribbon was white . He was a Chief Petty Officer in the Royal Navy during the First World War and was a cook on board HMS Defiant during the Battle of Jutland . He also mentions that he was a member of the crew of a minesweeper and was responsible for shooting mines with a rifle from the ship and is shown to be a crack shot due to that ( although he has to wave the gun up and down , because as he says `` It 's the only way I can shoot sir , this is the motion of the sea '' ) . He moved to Walmington-on-Sea after the First World War , becoming the town 's undertaker .
Frazer makes no secret of his desires for increased rank and power within the platoon . To that end , Frazer is frequently negative and hyper-critical of his superior officers and their decisions , and clearly considers Captain Mainwaring , Sergeant Wilson and Lance Corporal Jones barely fit for command . When given even a little bit of power , however ( or even just the taste of it ) , it frequently goes straight to his head ; notably , in the episode `` If the Cap Fits ... '' , Frazer is temporarily given command of the platoon for a few days as an exercise in the difficulties of leadership , which , far from educating him in the pressures that Mainwaring faced , merely result in him acting even more exceedingly arrogant and tyrannical than before . In When Did You Last See Your Money ? , a panic-stricken Jones was going to pieces over a missing £500 , and Frazer was delighted , reminding people that he was next in line for Jones ' position . In Something Nasty in the Vault , after Jones assumes control of the platoon following Mainwaring and Wilson 's incapacitation , Frazer declares that he is second in command ; something which goes undisputed by the rest of the platoon . Furthermore , in the missing episode A Stripe for Frazer , Frazer is promoted to Lance-Corporal by Mainwaring , who has been informed that he can promote a member of the platoon to a full corporal 's rank . By promoting Frazer , Mainwaring 's plan is to determine whether Jones or Frazer will make the best full corporal ; however , Frazer 's desire for the second stripe leads him to issue numerous charge sheets ( including against Jones , his fellow lance corporal ) in an effort to impress Mainwaring , with minor offences being designated as very serious breaches of conduct .
To reach his ends , Frazer is somewhat two-faced ; he has a Machiavellian tendency to doubt people and their situations , and is usually responsible for gossiping and sowing the seeds of unease or insubordination amongst the other members of the platoon . His is usually the loudest voice of condemnation or criticism in any given situation - however , if and when his current target triumphs or is validated , he will instantly alter his position with a hasty `` I never doubted you for a second '' , to ensure that he is never on the losing side . A prime example of this is his attitude in the episode `` Branded '' , where his is the loudest voice of condemnation regarding Private Godfrey 's conscientious objection and apparent 'cowardice ' during the First World War , only for Frazer to immediately change his position when it transpires that Godfrey is nevertheless a decorated war hero . Another , less prominent , example is in `` Sgt - Save My Boy ! `` ; Frazer criticises Godfrey for fleeing `` at the first sign of trouble '' , only to dub him `` a man of steel ... just like I 've always said '' when he sees Godfrey bypass the mine-infested beach on his own . In the episode `` Getting the Bird '' , Frazer even shows a rare hint of self-awareness about his tendency to gossip ; when he discovers that the young lady Wilson has been seen around town with is actually Wilson 's daughter from a failed marriage , he admits that he 's `` an old blatherskite '' and promises Wilson that he will never divulge his secret .
A notoriously miserable and miserly soul , Frazer is known for his bleak , pessimistic outlook on life . In any situation where circumstances seem bleak for the platoon , he will never fail to find more reasons to feel doom . He will often find the time in the various predicaments that the platoon face to observe that their potential fate is `` a terrible way to die '' , to note that `` we 're doomed '' when peril is awaiting them or to regale the platoon with an anecdote of a much similar experience he is aware of that ended rather bleakly for all concerned . He also has quite a line in dark , atmospheric and rather long-winded tales which start promisingly with the lure of supernatural horrors and terrors , only to ultimately prove disappointing and end rather mundanely , such as the tales of 'The Auld Empty Barn ' ( there was nothing in it ) and his friend Jethro , who apparently fell victim to a curse that ensured certain death ; Jethro indeed did die at the age of 86 .
It was revealed in the episode `` Operation Kilt '' that he sports a tattoo on his arm which he claims `` cost a fortune '' and states `` Scotland forever '' . It 's also revealed in `` When Did You Last See Your Money ? '' that he knows hypnosis , as he says `` While I was sailing the China seas , I studied the art of hypnosis '' and successfully hypnotises Lance-Corporal Jones . His main rivalries are with the other ageing members in the platoon , notably Corporal Jones , who fights back , and Private Godfrey , who does not . He has a more amenable relationship with Private Walker , who jokingly gives Frazer the nickname `` Taffy '' ( a slang term for Welsh people , used by Walker as a playful dig at Frazer 's Scottish heritage ) . He possesses a curious fascination with women who have `` big , strong thighs . ''
Frazer does show a more generous side to his character when he saves Private Godfrey 's cottage from being demolished to make way for a runway . When all hope seems lost , Frazer saves the day by threatening to reveal a senior politician 's past indiscretions , although in typical Frazer style he does not let on that he was the hero of the hour .
It is also reported that Frazer is President of the local Caledonian Society ( he is the only one in it after he threw the other member out , for not paying his subscription when Frazer increased it ) .
There are many misunderstandings with the Verger , for example in When Did You Last See Your Money ? when the Verger sees him hypnotizing Lance Corporal Jones and believes he is practising black magic .
Notes
References
Dad 's Army characters
Fictional Scottish people
Fictional World War I veterans
Fictional undertakers
Fictional misers
Television characters introduced in 1968
The scarlet-tufted sunbird ( Nectarinia johnstoni ) is a species of bird in the Nectarinia '' of the family Nectariniidae .
It is found in Democratic Republic of the Congo , Kenya , Malawi , Rwanda , Tanzania , Uganda , and Zambia . It is also known as the red-tufted sunbird and the scarlet-tufted malachite sunbird .
Description
The scarlet-tufted sunbird is a large sunbird . Adult males have long tails , up to about in length , and scarlet up to about wide . These tufts can be seen in flight and when the wings are rearranged , but not in perched birds . The head is black and the upper parts are metallic green , appearing almost black from a distance . The rump is bluish and the wings and tail black , the latter having elongated central feathers . The underparts are iridescent green , fading to bluish-violet on the upper belly and black on the lower belly . The female has brownish-grey upper parts , brownish-black wings and a dark brown tail . The underparts are whitish with dark mottling . The pectoral tufts are smaller than those of the male and may be rather more orangey-red . The juvenile is similar to the adult female but lacks the pectoral tufts .
Distribution and habitat
The scarlet-tufted sunbird is found at very high altitudes in the Afroalpine Rwenzori-Virunga montane moorlands and East African montane moorlands , though also found at lower altitudes . Its normal range is on several disjunct areas of montane forest and moorland between in altitude , which encompasses a number of zones of vegetation . It is especially associated with giant lobelia , feeding on the nectar and insects on the plants , and using the tall flowerheads as song-posts . At lower altitudes it feeds on Protea and other plants .
Status
The scarlet-tufted sunbird is a common species with a small range , and the population trend is thought to be steady . No particular threats have been identified and the International Union for Conservation of Nature has assessed the bird 's conservation status as being of `` least concern '' .
References
scarlet-tufted sunbird
Birds of Sub-Saharan Africa
Birds of East Africa
scarlet-tufted sunbird
scarlet-tufted sunbird
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The ischiocavernosus muscle ( erectores penis or erector clitoridis in older texts ) is a muscle just below the surface of the perineum , present in both men and women .
Structure
It arises by tendinous and fleshy fibers from the inner surface of the tuberosity of the ischium , behind the crus penis ; and from the inferior pubic rami and ischium on either side of the crus .
From these points fleshy fibers succeed , and end in an aponeurosis which is inserted into the sides and under surface of the crus penis .
Function
It helps ( in males ) stabilize the erect penis and ( in females ) tense the vagina during orgasm .
Ischiocavernosus compresses the crus penis ( in males ) or crus clitoris ( in females ) , and retards the return of the blood through the veins , and thus serves to maintain the organ erect .
Additional images
References
External links
- `` The Female Perineum : Muscles of the Superficial Perineal Pouch ''
- `` Muscles of the female superficial perineal pouch . ''
- `` Muscles of the male superficial perineal pouch. ``
Muscles of the torso
Perineum
Bălești is a commune in Gorj County , Oltenia , Romania . It is composed of nine villages : Bălești , Ceauru , Cornești , Găvănești , Rasova , Stolojani , Tălpășești , Tămășești , and Voinigești .
The commune is located in the north-central part of the county . It is traversed by the DN67 road , which connects the county seat , Târgu Jiu , to Drobeta-Turnu Severin .
The commune 's Church of the Holy Archangels dates to 1679 .
Natives
Nicolae Militaru
References
Communes in Gorj County
Localities in Oltenia
Protandrena bachue is the type species of mining bee in the subgenus Andinopanurgus of genus Protandrena , first described by Victor H. González and Luisa Ruz in 2007 .
Etymology and habitat
The genus name is named after the Andes , referring to the Andean distribution of this group of bees . The species epithet is named after the Muisca goddess Bachué . The Muisca people inhabited the area where the species has been found ; Cundinamarca and Boyacá .
Description
The body is predominantly dark brown to black with reduced yellow maculations ; forewing with two submarginal cells .
The females are small to moderate-sized bees ( 4–12 mm in length ) . Males are longer than the females and have sparser body pubescence .
Other species in this subgenus
Protandrena amyae
Protandrena femoralis
Protandrena guarnensis
Protandrena maximina
Protandrena rangeli
Protandrena wayruronga
References
Andrenidae
Endemic fauna of Colombia
Arthropods of Colombia
Altiplano Cundiboyacense
Bachue
Insects described in 2007
WLXX ( 101.5 MHz ) is a commercial FM radio station licensed to Richmond , Kentucky , and serving the Lexington metropolitan area . The station is owned by Cumulus Media . It subscribes to the nationally syndicated JACK FM radio service , using the slogan `` Playing What We Want ! '' The playlist is mostly rock hits from the 1980s , '90s and early 2000s , but includes pop and novelty hits from the last 50 years . Unlike most music stations , WLXX does not have DJs , but uses the prerecorded voice of Howard Cogan to make humorous and sometimes sarcastic quips . The station Program Director is Anthony `` Twitch '' Longo .
WLXX 's studios and offices are in the Kincaid Towers in Downtown Lexington . The transmitter is off Igo Road , near Interstate 75 , in rural Madison County just south of the Kentucky River .
History
On May 12 , 1972 , the station signed on as WCBR-FM . It mostly simulcast co-owned WCBR 1110 AM . WCBR-FM was owned by Parker Broadcasting and originally was heard on 101.7 MHz . In the 1980s , it switched to 101.5 MHz , getting a boost in power .
In 1999 , the station was acquired by current owner Cumulus Media . The station switched to a sports radio format as WLRO .
The WVLK-FM call letters were assigned by the Federal Communications Commission on May 23 , 2007 . From 1979 to 2003 , co-owned 92.9 WVLK-FM held the WVLK-FM call sign .
From 2007 to 2014 , 101.5 WVLK-FM simulcast sister station WVLK 590 AM in Lexington , giving that talk station an FM outlet for listeners who prefer FM radio . On October 31 , 2014 , at 6 AM , WVLK-FM dropped its talk programming and began stunting by playing only music by Garth Brooks as `` Garth 101.5 '' . At 5 pm that day , WVLK-FM changed its format to country music , joining the Nash Icon network as `` 101.5 Nash Icon '' .
On the morning of February 20 , 2018 , WVLK-FM flipped to adult hits as `` 101.5 Jack FM '' .
On September 4 , 2020 , WVLK-FM swapped call letters with WLXX .
References
External links
LXX
Radio stations established in 1972
Cumulus Media radio stations
Adult hits radio stations in the United States
Jack FM stations
1972 establishments in Kentucky
The grey-headed parrotbill ( Psittiparus gularis ) is a parrotbill in the family Sylviidae and is found in eastern Asia from the Himalayas to Indochina and Hainan .
Taxonomy and systematics
The grey-headed parrotbill was alternatively considered as a member of the Old World babblers ( family Timaliidae ) or with the Sylviidae , but is now classified in the distinct family Paradoxornithidae by the IOC . Until 2008 , the black-headed parrotbill was also considered as a subspecies of the grey-headed parrotbill .
Distribution and habitat
The natural habitat of the grey-headed parrotbill is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests .
References
BirdLife International 2004 . Paradoxornis gularis . 2006 IUCN Red List of Threatened Species . Downloaded on 26 July 2007 .
Robson , C. ( 2007 ) . Family Paradoxornithidae ( Parrotbills ) pp . 292 – 321 in ; del Hoyo , J. , Elliott , A . & Christie , D.A . eds . Handbook of the Birds of the World , Vol . 12 . Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees . Lynx Edicions , Barcelona .
External links
Grey-headed parrotbill video on the Internet Bird Collection
grey-headed parrotbill
grey-headed parrotbill
Birds of Eastern Himalaya
Birds of South China
Birds of Laos
Birds of Myanmar
Birds of Vietnam
grey-headed parrotbill
grey-headed parrotbill
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Wallgau is a municipality in the district of Garmisch-Partenkirchen , in Bavaria , Germany .
Population
Growth
* Statistics according to the Bavarian government , as of 2007 .
Demographics
* Statistics according to the Bavarian government , as of 2007 .
Notable people
Magdalena Neuner , ( born 1987 ) , twelve-time biathlon world champion , Olympic champion , Biathlon World Cup winner . Neuner has lived in the Bavarian village of Wallgau since birth .
Gallery
References
External links
Wallgau.de , official web site
Woiga.de , unofficial web site for citizens Information in Wallgau
Garmisch-Partenkirchen ( district )
The Poison Red is the ninth studio album by American rock band Nonpoint . It was produced by Rob Ruccia and released on July 8 , 2016 via Spinefarm Records . The band released two singles from the album : `` Generation Idiot '' and `` Divided .. Conquer Them '' . It is the first album to feature lead guitarist B.C . Kochmit .
Track listing
All songs and lyrics written by Nonpoint .
Critical reception
The Poison Red has received generally positive reviews from music critics . Megan Lockard ( Cryptic Rock ) praised the album and stated that `` Nonpoint has used The Poison Red to highlight the story of life , beautifully . With lyrics that illustrate the different trials people face every day and hard-hitting beats to fill in the rest of the story , The Poison Red is an album full of deep , rich emotion . '' Nicholas Senior of New Noise Magazine wrote , `` The Poison Red is a really fun album that harnesses the right amount of anger , mixing it in with shout-a-long choruses and meaty riffs . ''
Riley Rowe ( Metal Injection ) was more critical , stated that `` Nonpoint has sharpened their songwriting , melody , and edge , but lack the capability to fully capture my attention . While I enjoyed the singles and a few tracks here and there , the overall impact of the album was a tad predictable . '' UG Team ( Ultimate Guitar ) said , `` All in all , though , this record , cliches and all , is n't all that bad . You 're probably not going to lose yourself in it unless you 're already a huge Nonpoint fan , but the songs are good for a listen and there 's a lot of good riffs and solos to like on the album . ''
Personnel
Nonpoint
Elias Soriano – lead vocals
Robb Rivera – drums
Rasheed Thomas – rhythm guitar , backing vocals
Adam Woloszyn – bass
B.C . Kochmit – lead guitar , backing vocals
Production
Nonpoint – producer
Rob Ruccia – co-producer , engineering , mixing
Cliff Weiner – management
Steve Davis – management
Brad Blackwood – mastering
B.C . Kochmit – artwork , layout , design
Charts
References
2016 albums
Nonpoint albums
Žikica Milosavljević ( ; born 14 January 1972 ) is a Serbian handball coach and assistant coach Serbia national handball team and former player .
Club career
After starting out at his hometown club Dinamo Pančevo , Milosavljević spent one year with Kumanovo , before joining Crvena zvezda in 1994 . He played for five seasons for the club , winning three consecutive national championships .
In 1999 , Milosavljević went abroad to Slovenia and spent two years with Prule 67 , before switching to fellow Slovenian club Celje . He helped them win the EHF Champions League in the 2003–04 season . Later on , Milosavljević played for Spanish teams Cantabria ( 2004–2007 ) and Valladolid ( 2007–2010 ) .
International career
Milosavljević represented Serbia and Montenegro ( known as FR Yugoslavia until 2003 ) in 10 major international tournaments , winning two bronze medals at the World Championships ( 1999 and 2001 ) . He also participated in the 2000 Summer Olympics .
Honours
Crvena zvezda
Handball Championship of FR Yugoslavia : 1995–96 , 1996–97 , 1997–98
Handball Cup of FR Yugoslavia : 1994–95 , 1995–96
Celje
Slovenian First League : 2002–03 , 2003–04
Slovenian Cup : 2003–04
EHF Champions League : 2003–04
Valladolid
EHF Cup Winners ' Cup : 2008–09
References
External links
Olympic record
1972 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Pančevo
Serbian male handball players
Yugoslav male handball players
Olympic handball players of Yugoslavia
Handball players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
RK Crvena zvezda players
CB Cantabria players
BM Valladolid players
RK Metaloplastika players
Liga ASOBAL players
Expatriate handball players
Serbia and Montenegro expatriate sportspeople in North Macedonia
Serbia and Montenegro expatriate sportspeople in Slovenia
Serbia and Montenegro expatriate sportspeople in Spain
Serbian handball coaches
Serbian expatriate sportspeople in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Koreans in Peru ( ) formed Latin America 's seventh-largest Korean diaspora community , according to the statistics of South Korea 's Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade . They are relatively small in size compared to the other Asian communities in Peru .
Migration history
The first Korean migrant to Peru is believed to have been Park Man-bok , who was invited to Peru to coach the women 's national volleyball team in 1972 . Under his tutelage , the team would go on to a variety of successes in the 1980s , culminating in the winning of a silver medal for their country at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul .
However , few of Park 's countrymen joined him in Peru ; as late as 1985 , there were only nine Korean families resident in the country , totalling 27 individuals . A large portion did not come directly from Korea , but had instead first settled in Bolivia , Paraguay , or Chile . The population began to increase in 1993 , as the economic and social situation in Peru stabilised ; during the 1990s , roughly two or three new Korean families arrived in Peru every month . However , after 1997 , their population fell by nearly 56 % from 1,774 to just 788 by 2005 , largely due to outward migration to Mexico and Guatemala in 1998 and 1999 ; some of those who had arrived via Chile also returned there .
By 2011 , Peru 's Korean population had recovered slightly to 1,305 . According to South Korean government statistics , 24 took up Peruvian nationality , 342 stayed in Peru as permanent residents , 30 were international students , and the remaining 909 had other kinds of visas .
Professions
The economic profile of the Korean community in Peru is widely varied and has continued to shift over the years . In the 1980s , many were involved in calamari fishing . The roughly 900 Koreans resident in Peru in 2001 included among their number 500 business people , 90 representatives of the South Korean government , 48 factory owners , 39 religious workers , and 25 sportspeople . Many businesspeople are involved in the import of products from South Korea , especially used cars , computers , and construction equipment ; however , the largest portion of Koreans in Peru are involved with the textile industry .
Aside from Park Man-bok , other Koreans have made notable contributions to sport in Peru . Lee Ki-Hyung , a 1973 taekwondo world champion , went on to work as a martial arts instructor in the Peruvian Air Force . Chung Eui-Hwang , 9th dan black belt , arrived in Peru in 1979 , and from then until 1989 trained the Military Academy of Chorrillos , the Peruvian Commando Special Forces , the Technical Academy of the Military , and the First Brigade of the Special Forces . These efforts began the trend of popularisation of taekwondo in Peru , which grew to 30,000 practitioners .
Politics
Despite the small size of its Korean population , Peru was the site of a major precedent for Korean immigrants ' political integration when the city of Chanchamayo , Junín elected Mario Jung ( 정흥원 , also spelled Mario Yung ) as its mayor in 2011 . Jung thus became the first mayor of Korean descent not just in Peru but in all of South America , even though neighbouring countries such as Brazil have larger Korean populations and a much longer history of migration from Korea . Jung , a South Korean citizen , had originally settled in Argentina in 1986 before coming to Peru in 1996 . Politically , Jung is a supporter of Fujimorism , and was known locally for his charitable work with the poor . Peruvian law requires that the president and members of Congress be Peruvian citizens , but does not place any requirements on lower-level politicians . Jung 's inauguration was attended by South Korean consul Lee You-bum on behalf of ambassador Han Byung-kil .
Religion
Unlike the surrounding population , many Koreans in Peru are Protestant rather than Catholic . The largest Korean church in Peru , the Iglesia Evangélica Coreana , claims roughly 250 attendees . However , Korean Catholics in Peru also have a parish devoted to them , the Parroquia San Andrés Kim , named for the Korean saint Andrew Kim Taegon .
References
Asian Peruvian
Peru
Ethnic groups in Peru
Korean Latin American
QGC Pty Ltd ( previously Queensland Gas Company ) is one of the largest of several Australian coalbed methane companies developing methane reserves within the Bowen and Surat Basins of Queensland . The company has an estimated value of around A $ 13 billion .
BG Group acquired Queensland Gas Company in November 2008 . QGC was included in the February 2016 acquisition of BG Group by Shell .
Operations
Coal seam gas extraction within the Surat and Bowen Basins of Queensland , Australia forms the basis of the company 's main operations . QGC has constructed a coalbed methane liquefaction plant on Curtis Island off the coast of Gladstone in Central Queensland . The company has built a , diameter pipeline from Miles to Gladstone , making it the longest buried pipeline of its type in Australia . Work was delayed after QGC was found to have contravened state environmental laws .
About 20 % of Queensland 's natural gas was produced by QGC in 2009 .
The company has a gas plant called Kenya , which is located near Tara , Queensland . Three coal seam gas fields Lauren , Codie , and Kate are associated with the Kenya plant . Leakage testing conducted in April and May 2010 found more than half of the wells in these gas fields were leaking extremely low level concentrations of methane .
Environmental protests
In 2011 , Bob Irwin the Australian environmentalist and founder of Australia Zoo , was arrested after protesting against QGC and refusing to obey an order from police to move on . This was part of a long running protest by Tara protestors to disrupt the gas infrastructure being forced on them without their consent .
ABC 's Four Corners current affairs program produced several investigative reports on what has been described as the great Australian land grab and the environmental dangers of coal seam gas .
References
External links
Natural gas companies of Australia
Natural gas in Queensland
Shell plc
Leppänen is a Finnish surname . Notable people with the surname include :
Antti Leppänen ( born 1947 ) , Finnish ice hockey player
Glory Leppänen ( 1901-1979 ) , Finnish actress , director and writer
Kaisu Leppänen ( 1904–1993 ) , Finnish actress
Kari Leppänen ( born 1945 ) , Finnish comic strip artist
Reijo Leppänen ( born 1951 ) , Finnish ice hockey player
Sulo Leppänen ( born 1916 ) , Finnish wrestler
Finnish-language surnames
Plesiomorpha punctilinearia is a moth of the family Geometridae first described by John Henry Leech in 1891 . It is found in Japan and the Ryukyu Islands .
The wingspan is 26–27 mm .
References
`` モンオビオエダシャク Plesiomorpha punctilinearia ( Leech , 1891 ) '' . Japanese Moths . Retrieved February 3 , 2019 .
Baptini
Moths of Japan
A chute is a vertical or inclined plane , channel , or passage through which objects are moved by means of gravity .
Landform
A chute , also known as a race , flume , cat , or river canyon , is a steep-sided passage through which water flows rapidly .
Akin to these , man-made chutes , such as the timber slide and log flume , were used in the logging industry to facilitate the downstream transportation of timber along rivers . These are no longer in common use . Man-made chutes may also be a feature of spillways on some dams . Some types of water supply and irrigation systems are gravity fed , hence chutes . These include aqueducts , puquios , and acequias .
Building chute
Chutes are in common use in tall buildings to allow the rapid transport of items from the upper floors to a central location on one of the lower floors or basement . Chutes may be round , square or rectangular at the top and/or the bottom .
Laundry chutes in hotels are placed on each floor to allow the expedient transfer and collection of dirty laundry to the hotel 's laundry facility without having to use elevators or stairs . These chutes are generally aluminized steel and welded together to avoid any extruding parts that may rip or damage the materials .
Home laundry chutes are placed on each floor of multistory homes allow the collection of all household members ' dirty laundry to one location , conveniently next to the laundry facilities , without the constant transport of laundry bins from story-to-story or room-to-room or up and down stairs . Home laundry chutes may be less common than previously due to building codes or concern regarding fireblocking , the prevention of fire from spreading from floor-to-floor , as well as child safety . However , construction including cabinets , doors , lids , and locks may make both risks significantly less than with simple stairwells .
Refuse chute or Garbage chutes are common in high-rise apartment buildings and are used to collect all the building 's garbage in one place . Often the bottom end of the chute is placed directly above a large , open waste container . This makes garbage collection faster and more efficient .
Mail chutes are used in some buildings to collect the occupants ' mail . A notable example is the Asia Insurance Building .
Escape chutes are used and proposed for use in evacuation of mining equipment and high-rise buildings .
Construction chutes are used to remove rubble and similar demolition materials safely from taller buildings . These temporary structures typically consist of a chain of cylindrical or conical plastic tubes , each fitted into the top of the one below and tied together , usually with chains . Together they form a long flexible tube , which is hung down the side of the building . The lower end of this tube is placed over a skip or other receptacle , and waste materials are dropped into the top . Heavy-duty steel chutes may also be used when the debris being deposited is heavy duty and in cases of particularly high buildings .
An elevator is not a chute as it does not move by gravity .
Chutes in transportation
Goust , a hamlet in southwestern France , is notable for its mountainside chute that is used to transport coffins .
Chutes are also found in :
Hopper cars
Hopper barges
References
Building engineering
Landforms
My Brilliant Career is a 1979 Australian period drama film directed by Gillian Armstrong , and starring Judy Davis , Sam Neill , and Wendy Hughes . Based on the 1901 novel of the same name by Miles Franklin , it follows a young woman in rural , late-19th-century Australia whose aspirations to become a writer are impeded first by her social circumstance , and later by a budding romance .
Filmed in Monaro , New South Wales in 1978 , My Brilliant Career was released in Australia in August 1979 , and later premiered in the United States at the New York Film Festival . It received significant critical acclaim , and was nominated for numerous AACTA Awards , winning three , while Davis won the BAFTA Award for Best Actress in a Leading Role . In the United States , it received nominations for the Academy Award for Best Costume Design , and the Golden Globe Award for Best Foreign Film .
Contemporarily , the film is regarded as being part of the Australian New Wave of cinema . In 2018 , it underwent restoration by the Australian National Sound and Film Archive , and was issued on Blu-ray and DVD by the Criterion Collection the following year .
Plot
In 1897 in rural Australia , Sybylla , a headstrong , free-spirited young woman , dreams of a better life to the detriment of helping run her family 's country farm . Considered a larrikin by her family , Sybylla dreams of having a career in writing or the performing arts . Her parents , upset by her notions of grandeur and believing her to be stalling her life , inform Sybylla that they can no longer afford to keep her in the household . They send her to board with her wealthy maternal grandmother in hopes of teaching her socially accepted manners and behaviour .
Upon arriving , Sybylla swiftly feels out of place in her new environs . She is soon courted by two local men , jackaroo Frank Hawdon , whom she ignores , and well-to-do childhood friend Harry Beecham , of whom she grows increasingly fond . Sybylla is sent to spend time at the Beecham estate , and her feelings increase toward Harry . She returns to her grandmother 's home when Harry is sent on a tour of their properties , with everyone on both estates coyly approving of their romance . Sybylla 's Aunt Helen warns her against Harry 's courtship , and advises that Sybylla marry for friendship rather than love .
Frank attempts to derail Harry and Sybylla 's budding relationship by sparking rumours , which leads to increasing tensions between the two . Harry and Sybylla take turns attempting to make the other jealous at a ball , leading to Harry 's surprise proposal . Sybylla gruffly rejects him , to everyone 's surprise . Harry later reveals his rush was to protect Sybylla from his potential financial collapse . Sybylla counters by asking Harry to wait while she discovers herself , and asks him to delay his proposal for two years .
Sybylla is summoned by her grandmother , and is told she must take a job as governess and housekeeper to the indigent family of an illiterate neighbour to whom her father owes money . Working in squalor , she manages to teach the children to read using the newspapers and book pages wallpapering their home . To her delight , Sybylla is eventually sent home when the parents become incorrectly convinced that she is wooing their eldest son . Harry visits and proposes again , but Sybylla again rejects him , stating her intent to become a writer ; she tenderly explains that a marriage between the two would be emotionally damaging .
Returning to her family 's farm , Sybylla completes a manuscript of her first novel , My Brilliant Career , which she hopefully mails off to a Scottish publishing house .
Cast
Production
Development
Margaret Fink had purchased the rights to Miles Franklin 's novel of the same name , and the Australian Film Development Corporation suggested she hire a writer to adapt it and Fink selected Eleanor Witcombe . Gillian Armstrong met Fink while working as an assistant art director on the latter 's The Removalists ( 1975 ) and Fink was impressed with her short film `` A Hundred a Day '' . She subsequently hired Armstrong to direct . Greater Union invested $ 200,000 in the project , the NSW Film Corporation invested $ 450,000 with the balance coming from private investors .
Armstrong brought in editor Ted Ogden to work on the script , which caused tension between her and Witcombe . For a time Witcombe threatened to take her name off the credits but ultimately decided not to . Commenting on her aspirations for the film , Armstrong said in 1979 : `` I wanted to make the statement that the heroine is a full woman who can develop her talents and have a career . I did n't want to reinforce the old stereotypes that a woman who has a career only does so only because she ca n't get a man . ''
Casting
The role of Sybylla was cast in January 1978 but when the actress was tested in costume it was felt she was wrong for the role . Judy Davis was cast instead ; it was her first leading role .
Filming
Principal photography of My Brilliant Career took place over eight weeks in October and November 1978 in the Monaro region of New South Wales . Some scenes were shot at the Ryrie homestead at Michelago , New South Wales with Camden Park Estate featuring as Harry Beecham 's 'Five Bob Downs ' property . The film 's theme music was an arrangement from `` Of Foreign Lands and People '' from Robert Schumann 's Kinderszenen . Davis plays her on-screen piano part herself . Other pieces of classical music used in the film include arrangements of `` Träumerei '' from Kinderszenen , and of the Piano Quartet in E minor by Schumann .
Release
My Brilliant Career was shown at the Cannes Film Festival in 1979 and received a warm reception . The film had its international debut in New York City at the New York Film Festival on 1 February 1980 , followed by a release in Japan on 2 January 1982 , and in Poland on 23 July 2007 at Era New Horizons Film Festival .
Box office
My Brilliant Career grossed $ 3,052,000 at the box office in Australia .
Critical response
Charles Champlin of the Los Angeles Times lauded the film for its `` resolute and courageous ending , '' also deeming it `` beautifully written , photographed , directed , and acted . '' The New York Times Janet Maslin also praised the film , noting in her review : `` My Brilliant Career does n't need to trumpet either its or its heroine 's originality this loudly . The facts speak for themselves—and so does the radiance with which Miss Armstrong and Miss Davis invest so many memorable moments . ''
It has an 86 % approval rating on Rotten Tomatoes from 21 reviews .
Accolades
Home media
Blue Underground released My Brilliant Career in a two-disc special edition DVD in 2005 . A Blu-ray edition was subsequently issued by Blue Underground in 2009 .
In 2018 , the Australian National Film and Sound Archive restored the film , and this restoration was subsequently issued on DVD and Blu-ray in 2019 by the U.S. home media company the Criterion Collection .
Legacy
My Brilliant Career has been noted by film historians as a part of the Australian New Wave of cinema . In a retrospective essay celebrating the film 's inclusion in the Criterion Collection , film scholar Carrie Rickey notes that both the film and its source novel alive have `` become part of Australian identity . ''
Though Judy Davis received critical acclaim for her performance , director Gillian Armstrong stated that Davis was never fond of the film and disliked her character .
See also
Cinema of Australia
References
Sources
External links
My Brilliant Career , ozmovies.com.au
My Brilliant Career at Australian Screen from the National sound and film archive
1979 films
1979 drama films
Australian coming-of-age drama films
1970s coming-of-age drama films
Films based on Australian novels
Films about writers
Films directed by Gillian Armstrong
Films set in New South Wales
Films set in colonial Australia
Films shot in Australia
Australian independent films
1979 directorial debut films
1979 independent films
1970s feminist films
1970s English-language films
Marudapandy Rameshwaran ( born 26 December 1976 ) is a Sri Lankan politician , former provincial minister and Member of Parliament .
Rameshwaran was born on 26 December 1976 . He was treasurer and deputy president of the Ceylon Workers ' Congress . He was a member of the Central Provincial Council and held several provincial ministerial portfolios . He was arrested in December 2017 in connection with an assault on a National Union of Workers supporter at a funeral in Maskeliya and later released on bail .
Rameshwaran contested the 2020 parliamentary election as a Sri Lanka People 's Freedom Alliance electoral alliance candidate in Nuwara Eliya District and was elected to the Parliament of Sri Lanka .
References
1976 births
Agriculture ministers of Sri Lankan provinces
Ceylon Workers ' Congress politicians
Education ministers of Sri Lankan provinces
Indian Tamil politicians of Sri Lanka
Living people
Members of the 16th Parliament of Sri Lanka
Members of the Central Province Board of Ministers
Prisoners and detainees of Sri Lanka
Sri Lankan Hindus
Sri Lankan prisoners and detainees
Sri Lanka People 's Freedom Alliance politicians
United People 's Freedom Alliance politicians
Taras Bidenko ( born February 8 , 1980 in Kyiv , Ukrainian SSR , Soviet Union ) is a German-based professional boxer who fights in the heavyweight division .
Professional career
Bidenko boxed as an amateur before turning professional in June 2000 , winning his first fight in Mariupol , Ukraine , in which Bidenko beat Kyiv fighter Stanislav Tomkatchov on the undercard of an Alexander Gurov fight .
In only his fourth professional fight , Bidenko fought Nikolay Valuev in July 2002 in Seoul , South Korea for the Pan Asia PABA Heavyweight Title . Valuev at the time had a record of 28-0 and had vastly more experience than Bidenko at the time and Valuev won the fight on points over twelve rounds .
He later moved to Germany where he lost his second fight to hard-punching Vladimir Virchis by late KO ( he was leading at that point ) but beat amateur star Alex Mazikin and several clubfighters like George Arias and Cisse Salif .
In 2008 he outpointed respected Michael Sprott .
He was defeated by Denis Boytsov on June 6 , 2009 by technical knockout in the sixth round .
Professional boxing record
|-
|align= '' center '' colspan=8|28 Wins ( 12 knockouts , 16 decisions ) , 6 Losses ( 4 knockouts , 2 decisions )
|-
| align= '' center '' style= '' border-style : none none solid solid ; background : # e3e3e3 '' |Result
| align= '' center '' style= '' border-style : none none solid solid ; background : # e3e3e3 '' |Record
| align= '' center '' style= '' border-style : none none solid solid ; background : # e3e3e3 '' |Opponent
| align= '' center '' style= '' border-style : none none solid solid ; background : # e3e3e3 '' |Type
| align= '' center '' style= '' border-style : none none solid solid ; background : # e3e3e3 '' |Round
| align= '' center '' style= '' border-style : none none solid solid ; background : # e3e3e3 '' |Date
| align= '' center '' style= '' border-style : none none solid solid ; background : # e3e3e3 '' |Location
| align= '' center '' style= '' border-style : none none solid solid ; background : # e3e3e3 '' |Notes
|-align=center
|Loss
|28-6
|align=left| Artur Szpilka
|
|2 ( )
|20/04/2013
|align=left| Hala Podpromie , Rzeszów , Poland
|-
|Loss
|
|align=left| Manuel Charr
|UD
|12
|30/03/2012
|align=left| Maritim Hotel , Cologne , North Rhine-Westphalia
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Pavels Dolgovs
|UD
|6
|24/09/2011
|align=left| Dima-Sportcenter , Lohbruegge , Hamburg
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Christian Hammer
|MD
|6
|04/12/2010
|align=left| Sport and Congress Center , Schwerin , Mecklenburg-Vorpommern
|align=left|
|-
|Loss
|
|align=left| Robert Helenius
|RTD
|3
|07/11/2009
|align=left| Nuremberg Arena , Nuremberg , Bavaria
|align=left|
|-
|Loss
|
|align=left| Denis Boytsov
|TKO
|6
|06/06/2009
|align=left| Koenig Pilsener Arena , Oberhausen , North Rhine-Westphalia
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Michael Sprott
|UD
|10
|31/05/2008
|align=left| Burg-Waechter Castello , Düsseldorf , North Rhine-Westphalia
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Cisse Salif
|UD
|12
|19/01/2008
|align=left| Burg-Waechter Castello , Düsseldorf , North Rhine-Westphalia
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| George Arias
|UD
|12
|20/10/2007
|align=left| Gerry Weber Stadium , Halle , North Rhine-Westphalia
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Richel Hersisia
|UD
|12
|30/06/2007
|align=left| Porsche-Arena , Stuttgart , Baden-Württemberg
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Fernely Feliz
|UD
|12
|17/03/2007
|align=left| Hanns-Martin-Schleyer-Halle , Stuttgart , Baden-Württemberg
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Ivica Perkovic
|RTD
|5
|05/12/2006
|align=left| Freizeit Arena , Soelden
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Andreas Sidon
|TKO
|9
|28/10/2006
|align=left| Porsche-Arena , Stuttgart , Baden-Württemberg
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Oleksiy Mazikin
|MD
|10
|22/08/2006
|align=left| Universum Gym , Wandsbek , Hamburg
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Fabio Eduardo Moli
|TKO
|6
|12/05/2006
|align=left| Orfeo Superdomo , Cordoba , Argentina
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Alexey Osokin
|UD
|8
|15/04/2006
|align=left| Maritim Hotel , Magdeburg , Saxony-Anhalt
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Aldo Colliander
|UD
|8
|24/01/2006
|align=left| Universum Gym , Wandsbek , Hamburg
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Nuri Seferi
|UD
|10
|28/09/2005
|align=left| Color Line Arena , Altona , Hamburg
|align=left|
|-
|Loss
|
|align=left| Volodymyr Vyrchys
|TKO
|12
|29/03/2005
|align=left| Sporthalle , Wandsbek , Hamburg
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Constantin Onofrei
|TKO
|7
|14/12/2004
|align=left| Freizeit Arena , Soelden
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Peter Simko
|TKO
|1
|26/10/2004
|align=left| Scandlines Arena , Rostock , Mecklenburg-Vorpommern
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Julius Francis
|UD
|10
|21/09/2004
|align=left| Universum Gym , Wandsbek , Hamburg
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Daniel Frank Silva
|KO
|1
|31/07/2004
|align=left| Hanns-Martin-Schleyer-Halle , Stuttgart , Baden-Württemberg
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Agustin Corpus
|UD
|6
|24/04/2004
|align=left| Staples Center , Los Angeles , California
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Siarhei Dychkou
|UD
|6
|30/03/2004
|align=left| Saaltheater Geulen , Aachen , North Rhine-Westphalia
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Franklin Edmondson
|KO
|1
|17/02/2004
|align=left| Hansehalle , Lübeck , Schleswig-Holstein
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Edegar Da Silva
|TKO
|1
|31/01/2004
|align=left| Poliedro de Caracas , Caracas
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Gilberto Melo
|KO
|3
|18/11/2003
|align=left| Universum Gym , Wandsbek , Hamburg
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Andriy Zadachin
|PTS
|4
|24/10/2002
|align=left| Poltava
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Vladyslav Andreev
|KO
|4
|10/10/2002
|align=left| Casino Conti , Saint Petersburg
|align=left|
|-
|Loss
|
|align=left| Nikolay Valuev
|UD
|12
|21/07/2002
|align=left| Seoul
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Suren Kalachyan
|UD
|4
|29/03/2002
|align=left| Circus , Lviv
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Nikolai Sorinov
|TKO
|2
|06/03/2002
|align=left| Fastiv
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Stanyslav Tovkachov
|TKO
|5
|17/06/2000
|align=left| Dramatic Theatre , Mariupol
|align=left|
| }
References
External links
1980 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Kyiv
Heavyweight boxers
Ukrainian male boxers
Marilies Flemming ( born 16 December 1933 in Wiener Neustadt , Austria ) was an Austrian Member of the European Parliament . In the European Parliament , she used the name Marialiese Flemming . She is a member of the European People 's Party ( Austrian People 's Party domestically ) and was first elected during the 1996 European Parliament election for Austria . Her European Parliamentary career ended on 19 July 2004 .
Since 1999 , Flemming has served on various European Union-related delegations , committees and groups , including the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Consumer Policy , and sporadically as a substitute on the Committee on Women 's Rights ( a precursor to the Committee on Women 's Rights and Gender Equality which exists today ) and the Committee on Research , Technological Development and Energy .
Flemming also held views on human cloning in line with that of the other Christian Democrat Members of the European Parliament . In 2003 , she tabled more than 80 amendments in the European Parliament to further restrict cloning research in European Union member states , suggesting the use of adult stem cells for use in research as opposed to embryos . Flemming was reported by The Telegraph as saying that the creation of embryos for the purpose of medical treatment is immoral because the `` individual characteristics of a person '' are created at the moment of conception .
In 2004 , Czech Radio reported that the future European Commissioner for Health & Consumer Protection , Pavel Telička , had been involved in heated debate with Flemming over the issue of the Temelín Nuclear Power Station , a Czech nuclear power station positioned close to the border with nuclear-free Austria . Even though these debates had occurred , Flemming was reported to describe Telicka as `` sensational and absolutely perfect '' .
References
1933 births
Living people
Austrian People 's Party politicians
People from Wiener Neustadt
Austrian People 's Party MEPs
MEPs for Austria 1999–2004
MEPs for Austria 1996–1999
20th-century women MEPs for Austria
21st-century women MEPs for Austria
Pride of Midnight ( 1966-1979 ) was a Tennessee Walking Horse who had a short career as a show horse but became very notable as a sire in his breed .
Life
Pride of Midnight was foaled in 1966 . He was a black stallion with a snip of white on his nose . He was sired by the two-time World Grand Champion Midnight Sun and out of the mare Pride of Stanley . His paternal grandsire was Wilson 's Allen , and his great-grandsire was the foundation stallion Roan Allen . He was bred and owned by Harlinsdale Farm .
Pride of Midnight was trained by Dot Warren and won first in several horse shows , but was retired to breeding at a young age . He became one of the most notable sires in the Tennessee Walking Horse industry .
He died in 1979 , after colicking twice .
Bill Harlin , one of Harlinsdale 's owners , later said that when Pride of Midnight died , it was the last time he saw his father cry .
Influence
During his lifetime Pride of Midnight sired 1703 foals who were registered with the Tennessee Walking Horse Breeders ' and Exhibitors ' Association . Numerous World and World Grand Champions are among his descendants . His son Pride 's Generator was a three-time World Champion and also a notable sire .
His grandsons include Cash for Keeps , the 2000 World Grand Champion ; Generator 's Silver Dollar , a notable stud ; Gen 's Armed and Dangerous , the 1993 World Grand Champion ; The Skywatch , two-time World Champion ; and Generator 's Santana , the 1997 World Grand Champion .
References
Individual Tennessee Walking Horses
Imma chrysoplaca is a moth in the family Immidae . It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1906 . It is found on New Guinea .
The wingspan is about 19 mm . The forewings are purplish fuscous , with ochreous-yellow markings . There is a small spot on the base of the costa , and a moderately large subtriangular spot on the costa about the middle , the extreme costal edge between This is yellow . A moderate streak is found around the apical fourth of the costa and termen to near the tornus , broadest at the apex of the wing , narrowed to the extremities , the extreme apical margin black . The hindwings are fuscous .
References
Moths described in 1906
Immidae
Moths of New Guinea
Andrew J. Brookes is an English aerospace analyst , author of aviation books and aviation journalist .
He is a former Royal Air Force pilot , and flew 3,500 hours on strategic reconnaissance Victors , Canberras , and also the Vulcan bomber . He was a NATO Nuclear Release Officer and led an aviation safety team at the Ministry of Defence , before being appointed Commander of RAF Greenham Common cruise missile base . He has also served as Group Director at the RAF 's Advanced Staff College , and co-ordinator of air power studies at the Joint Services Command and Staff College .
He was Chief Executive of the Air League from 2009 to 2018 , having previously been Aerospace Analyst at the International Institute for Strategic Studies .
He is a Fellow of the Royal Aeronautical Society , and of the Royal United Services Institute , and was voted Defence Aerospace Journalist of the Year in 2004 and 2006 .
Books
Photo Reconnaissance ( Ian Allan , 20 June 1975 : )
Force V : The history of Britain 's airborne deterrent ( Jane 's , 1982 : )
Fighter Squadron at War ( Ian Allan , 10 November 1980 : )
Bomber Squadron at War ( Ian Allan , April 1983 , )
Avro Vulcan ( Ian Allan , October 1985 : )
Handley Page Victor ( Ian Allan , 20 October 1988 : )
Crash ! Military Aircraft Disasters , Accidents and Incidents ( Ian Allan , 24 May 1991 : )
Disaster in the Air ( Ian Allan , 24 September 1992 : )
Flights to Disaster ( Ian Allan , 26 September 1996 : )
Air War over Italy ( Ian Allan , 26 January 2000 : )
Destination Disaster ( Ian Allan , 17 October 2002 : )
Air War over Russia ( Ian Allan , 1 September 2003 : )
Vulcan Units of the Cold War ( Osprey Publishing , 20 January 2009 : )
References
External links
List of books and magazine articles by Andrew Brookes ( Archive )
Aviation writers
British military writers
Living people
English aviators
English male journalists
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Bharoana is a village in Sultanpur Lodhi tehsil of Kapurthala district in Punjab , India . It was affected by the floods with other villages of the tehsil in 2008 .
References
Villages in Kapurthala district
The Jamestown Sun is a daily newspaper printed in Jamestown , North Dakota . The Sun is the official newspaper of Stutsman County , North Dakota and has a modest circulation in southeast North Dakota .
History
Percy Hansen and Bryon Hansen bought the Jamestown Alert in 1925 from William Kellogg . The Alert '' 's history dated back to July 1878 , and Kellogg had been the owner since 1886 . The Hansens renamed it the Jamestown Sun '' , and Byron served as publisher . In 1988 , Byron 's son Gordon ( who had taken over as publisher ) sold the paper to the American Publishing Company ( later Hollinger International ) ; they sold it in 2000 to the current owner , Forum Communications . The paper moved from evening publication to a morning edition in 1992 .
References
External links
Jamestown Sun website
Newspapers published in North Dakota
Jamestown , North Dakota
Forum Communications Company
Oskar Thierbach ( 11 February 1909 – 6 November 1991 ) was a German professional road bicycle racer . In the 1930s , he was one of the best German road racers , finishing in the top 10 of the Tour de France twice .
Major results
1932
Tour de France :
7th General Classification
1934
Winner of the Harzrundfahrt :
1935
Tour de France :
10th General Classification
References
External links
Oskar Thierbach 's profile on Cycling Ranking
1909 births
1991 deaths
Cyclists from Dresden
People from the Kingdom of Saxony
German male cyclists
Johann Nepomuk von Tschiderer zu Gleifheim ( 15 April 1777 - 3 December 1860 ) was an Austrian-Italian Roman Catholic prelate and the Bishop of Trent from 1834 until his death . He was born to Austrians but was considered to be an Austro-Italian due to having been born in the Italian town of Bolzano .
Pope John Paul II beatified him in Trento on 30 April 1995 before 100 000 people . The cause started in 1886 under Pope Leo XIII and Pope Paul VI titled him as Venerable in 1968 .
Life
Johann Nepomuk von Tschiderer zu Gleifheim was born on 15 April 1777 in Bolzano as the fifth of seven sons of Joseph Joachim von Tschiderer zu Gleifheim and Caterina de Giovanelli . His ancestors emigrated from the Grisons close to the Italian border in 1529 ; the Emperor Ferdinand III had given the Tschiderer house a patent making them nobles in 1620 . On his maternal side he was related to Joseph von Giovanelli zu Gerstburg und Hörtenberg ( 12 September 1784 - 14 September 1845 ) and to Ignaz von Giovanelli zu Gerstburg und Hörtenberg ( 5 April 1815 - 16 August 1889 ) .
Johann was baptized moments after his birth at the Assumption church . He received his education from the Order of Friars Minor in 1786 after completing his initial education and resided with his maternal grandfather . He suffered from slight stuttering problems during his life . He relocated to Innsbruck with his parents in Austria in 1792 and underwent theological and philosophical studies at the college there . He was elevated to the diaconate on 24 June 1800 and later received his ordination to the priesthood on 27 July 1800 both from Emmanuel Count von Thun , Bishop of Trent . Tschiderer celebrated his first Mass at San Antonio di Padua church at Collalbo .
From 1800 to 1802 he spent time as an assistant priest and then travelled to Rome for further studies and a pilgrimage where he was named as an apostolic notarius ; he met the new Pope Pius VII several times during the course of 1802 . He later returned and assumed pastoral work once more in the German part of Trento and was later made a professor of moral and pastoral theological studies at the episcopal seminary . In 1810 he became the parish priest at Sarentino - where he opened a small school - and then sent on 13 September 1819 as the new parish priest at Merano .
On 26 October 1826 the Prince-Bishop Luschin appointed him as the cathedral canon and then on 26 December 1827 pro-vicar at Trento ; on 24 February 1832 the Prince-Bishop Galura from Brixen selected him as Titular Bishop of Heliopolis - which received papal confirmation - and then as the vicar-general for Vorarlberg while also being named as an Auxiliary Bishop of Brixen at the same time . He received his episcopal consecration on 20 May 1832 in a Servite church . In 1834 the Emperor Francis I nominated him as the new Bishop of Trent - or prince-bishop . On 5 May 1835 he entered upon his office .
Bishop
Tschiderer spent his episcopate writing and preaching as well as teaching catechism . He devoted a considerable part of his revenues to the building and restoration of over 60 churches and to the purchase of books for the parsonages and chaplains ' houses . He used the third centennial of the opening of the Council of Trent to promote religious revival through popular pastoral initiatives . His charitable outreach to the poor and the sick was carried so far that he was often left without much himself . He left his residence to the institution for the deaf and dumb at Trento and to the educational institute for seminarians that he had founded and was later named after him as the `` Joanneum '' . Tschiderer tended to the victims of cholera epidemics in 1836 and in 1855 as well as to those affected in a war in 1859 ; he intervened to prevent the 20 March 1848 uprising becoming a bloodbath and was hailed as a hero . He tried to appeal to the Austrian forces to spare the lives of 21 members of the Franco-Italian forces who were captured but was denied so provided religious assistance and a solemn burial for them after their executions . Tschiderer ordained as a priest Daniele Comboni in 1854 . He promoted the Redemptorists and Jesuits in the region .
Tschiderer planned a pilgrimage to Rome in 1854 to commemorate the dogma of the Immaculate Conception but his ill health prevented him from doing so . He died during the evening of 3 December 1860 after suffering high fevers and being bedridden while also suffering from a heart ailment since 1859 . He received the Anointing of the Sick prior to his death and a papal blessing from Pope Pius IX .
Beatification
The beatification cause opened in an informative process in Trento from 1873 until 1877 while his writings received theological approval sometime later on 16 April 1885 ; an apostolic process was held in Trento as well from 1890 until 1896 . The formal introduction to the cause came under Pope Leo XIII on 27 May 1886 in which he was titled as a Servant of God . The Congregation for Rites validated the two previous processes on 3 July 1898 . An antepreparatory committee met and approved the cause on 21 February 1905 as did a preparatory one in 1937 and then a general one on 18 June 1943 . Pope Paul VI confirmed that Tschiderer led a model Christian life of heroic virtue and named him as Venerable on 14 July 1968 .
The miracle for beatification was investigated in 1908 and received C.O.R . validation on 27 September 1908 . The medical board met and approved it decades later on 1 April 1992 as did theologians on 19 June 1992 and the Congregation for the Causes of Saints on 3 December 1992 . Pope John Paul II approved this on 21 December 1992 and beatified Tschiderer in Trento before a crowd of 100 000 people .
References
Books
Mitteilungen über das Leben des … J. N. Tschiderer ( Bolzano , 1876 )
Tait , Leben des ehrwürdigen Dieners Gottes Johann Nepomuk von Tschiderer . Nach den Prozessakten und beglaubigten Urkunden '' ( 2 vols. , Venice , 1904 ) , Ger . tr . Schlegel ( Trent , 1908 )
External links
Hagiography Circle
Saints SQPN
Catholic Hierarchy
1777 births
1860 deaths
19th-century venerated Christians
Roman Catholic bishops in the Austrian Empire
Austrian untitled nobility
Austrian beatified people
Beatifications by Pope John Paul II
Bishops in Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol
Religious leaders from Bolzano
University of Innsbruck alumni
Venerated Catholics
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1651 .
Events
August 22 – Execution on Tower Hill in London of Welsh Protestant preacher Christopher Love
New books
Prose
Noah Biggs – Chymiatrophilos , Matæotechnia medicinæ praxeōs , The vanity of the Craft of Physick , or , A new dispensator
William Bosworth – The Chaste and Lost Lovers
Roger Boyle , 1st Earl of Orrery – Parthenissa ( first section )
Mary Cary ( Rande ) – The Little Horn 's Doom and Downfall and A New and More Exact Map of the New Jerusalem 's Glory
Marin le Roy de Gomberville – Jeune Alcidiane
Francisco de Quevedo – Virtud militante contra las cuatro pestes del mundo y cuatro fantasmas de la vida
Baltasar Gracián – El Criticón ( first part )
Thomas Hobbes – Leviathan , or The Matter , Forme and Power of a Common Wealth Ecclesiasticall and Civil
John Milton – Defensio pro Populo Anglicano
Paul Scarron – Roman comique ( Comic romance , first part )
Filip Stanislavov – Abagar ( first printed book in modern Bulgarian )
Anna Weamys – A Continuation of Sir Philip Sydney 's Arcadia
Sir Henry Wotton ( posthumous ) – Reliquiæ Wottonianæ ; or , a collection of lives , letters , poems ; with characters of sundry personages : and other incomparable pieces of language and art `` By the curious pensil of the ever memorable Sr Henry Wotton Kt , late , provost of Eton Colledg ''
Drama
William Cartwright
The Lady Errant
The Ordinary
The Siege , or Love 's Convert
Comedies , Tragi-Comedies , with Other Poems
Pedro Calderon de la Barca – El alcalde de Zalamea
Jerónimo de Cáncer – Obras varias
Francisco López de Zárate – Hercules furente y oeta
Juan de Matos Fragoso – La defensa de la Fè , y Principe prodigioso
Thomas Randolph ( attributed to ) – Hey for Honesty , Down with Knavery ( adapted from Aristophanes ' Plutus )
Jerónimo de Cáncer – Vejamen
Leonard Willan – Astraea , or True Love 's Mirror ( adapted from Honoré D'Urfé 's L'Astrée )
Poetry
William Davenant – Gondibert ( second impression )
Francisco de Borja y Aragón – Nápoles recuperada
Manuel de Salinas y Lizana – La casta Susana , paráfrasis poética de su sagrada historia
Francisco de Trillo y Figueroa – Neapolisea
Henry Vaughan – Olor Iscanus ( Swan of Usk )
Births
April 6 – André Dacier , French classicist ( died 1722 )
August 6 – François Fénelon , French theologian ( died 1715 )
October 24 – Jean de La Chapelle , French dramatist ( died 1723 )
November 12 – Juana Inés de la Cruz ( Sor Juana ) , Mexican poet ( died 1695 )
Deaths
January 29 – Diego de Colmenares , Spanish historian ( born 1586 )
February 14 – Jean Roberti , Flemish theologian ( born 1569 )
April – Elizabeth Richardson , 1st Lady Cramond , English women 's writer ( born c. 1576 )
October 7 – Jacques Sirmond , French scholar ( born 1559 )
December 14 – Pierre Dupuy , French scholar ( born 1582 )
December 22 – Arnold Johan Messenius , Swedish royal historiographer ( born 1607/1608 )
Unknown dates
Adho Duraso , Rajasthani poet ( born c. 1550 )
Henry Rice , Welsh courtier and writer ( born c. 1585 )
References
Years of the 17th century in literature
Bertil Nordqvist is a Swedish ski-orienteering competitor and world champion .
Ski orienteering
He competed at the 1996 World Ski Orienteering Championships in Lillehammer , where he won a gold medal in the relay event , together with Per-Ove Bergqvist , Mikael Lindmark and Björn Lans . He has received one individual silver medal and two bronze medals in the world championships .
At the World Cup in Ski Orienteering in 2003 Nordqvist finished overall second , behind winner Eduard Khrennikov . He finished overall third in 1997 and in 1999 .
References
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
Swedish orienteers
Male orienteers
Ski-orienteers
Khaveh ( , also Romanized as Khāveh and Khāweh ; also known as Ḩāveh ) is a village in Jushaq Rural District , in the Central District of Delijan County , Markazi Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 963 , in 306 families .
References
Populated places in Delijan County
The First BHP Offices Chimney Ruin is the heritage-listed ruin of the original offices of BHP , now located on Willyama Common , east of the corner of Gaffney and Oxide Streets , Proprietary Square , Broken Hill , City of Broken Hill , New South Wales , Australia . The original offices were built in 1885 by Tom Phin and A. W. B. Orman . It is also known as Site of first BHP Offices , BHP Fireplaces and Chimney ruins . The property is owned by Broken Hill City Council . It was added to the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 23 April 2010 .
History
Wiljakali ( Wilyagali ) land
There were some fifteen groups of Aboriginal people traditionally living in the huge area bisected by the Darling River in the western plains of NSW . The principal group around Broken Hill was the Wiljakali . Their occupation of the area is thought to have been intermittent due to the scarcity of water . The same scarcity of water made the area unattractive for European occupiers and traditional Aboriginal ways of life continued longer there than in many other parts of NSW , into the 1870s . As Aboriginal people were increasingly deprived of the full range of their traditional options , they were obliged to come into stations or missions in times of drought to avoid starvation . By the 1880s many Aboriginal people were working on stations or within the mining industry . Some people ended up living in reservations created under the Aborigines ' Protection Act of 1909 . The influenza epidemic of 1919 had a further significant impact upon the indigenous population , as did the twentieth century federal government policy of removing Aboriginal children from their families .
Beginnings of Broken Hill
The term Broken Hill was first used by the early British explorer Charles Sturt in his diaries during his search for an inland sea in 1844 . Western plains towns far away from the major rivers , such as Broken Hill , owe their existence to the mineral discoveries made in the decade after 1875 , when spectacular deposits of gold , silver , copper and opal were found . The township of Broken Hill was developed in the `` Broken Hill Paddock '' which was part of Mount Gipps Station where George McCulloch , the station manager employed many men . It was in 1883 that three of his workers pegged the first mineral lease on his property : they were Charles Rasp , David James and James Poole . The Syndicate of Seven was formed , and consisted of : George McCulloch , Charles Rasp , David James , James Poole , George Urquhart and George Lind . These men pegged out the remaining six mineral leases which are now known as the Line of Lode . It was the seventh member of the Syndicate , Philip Charley , who found the first amount of silver in 1885 . A township was soon surveyed and Broken Hill was initially known as a shanty town with an entire suburb named `` Canvas Town '' for its temporary buildings .
The first survey of Broken Hill was made by E. H. Dawson , and started on 27 August 1884 . It was in the year 1885 that the town of Broken Hill began to develop . Previous to that date it was nothing but mulga scrub , with two or three tents or humpies . The first house was built on Block 14 for Mr. William Jamieson , the manager of the Broken Hill Mining Co. Then came Delamore 's Hotel , which was pulled down out Lake 's Camp way , carted into Broken Hill , and re-erected by A. F. Pincombe , one of the old pioneers who was well known on the Hill . In quick succession followed Sully 's old store , the Silver King Hotel , and Brazill and Jones ' store , then came J. R. Stewart , baker , Neilson & Co. , butchers ; , Langemen 's billiard saloon , Vaughan 's Hotel , Ledgard 's , Lee 's and Finn 's , & Co. Argent Street began to assume a busy aspect .
The town boundaries of the `` Town of Willyama '' were proclaimed on 24 August 1887 . The Municipal District of Broken Hill was constituted by a Proclamation dated 24 September 1888 to include `` the Towns of Willyama and Alma and other lands . '' The Proclamation , gazetted 24 July 1907 , `` hereby constitute as a City the said Municipality of Broken Hill . ''
The Chimney
The original syndicate of seven which held the seven mining leases on the broken hill named their venture the Broken Hill Mining Company . Following the discovery of rich silver ores in early 1885 , the syndicate appointed William Jamieson as manager in April 1885 and registered the name Broken Hill Proprietary Co. Ltd , in June 1885 . The BHP chimney marks the site of the hut built by Tom Phin and W. B. Orman for the company in May 1885 to house Jamieson . It was located amongst the busy mining area at the Line of Lode , the rocky outcrop which contained the ore body and was used for a short time as the BHP works office where all mining business was conducted . Although Jamieson resigned at the end of the year , during that period at this site he undertook planning of the original development work at the mine including the erection of the first smelters . The BHP Chimney is the only remaining remnant of the hut which dates from the year that mining activities began in Broken Hill and when it began its development as a remote inland town .
No photographs have been located of the hut which housed the original BHP offices .
By 1888 , wooden staff houses and a handsome stone office were erected about 500 metres to the northwest . The site was now part of the Block 14 Mine . By the 1890s , all BHP staff housing was provided at Proprietary Square .
In 1908 the BHP Chimney was already a ruin but described as `` One of the most historical spots on the Hill . Beside this stack in a large tent there lived in the early days Mr. Wm . Jamieson and his assistant A. Reid , W.R. Thomas , Alf Orman , two or three axemen , cook . It was in this tent the destinies of Broken Hill were laid , it was here that all business with the mine was transacted , and here in this tent Mr. Thomas drew the plans of Block 14 , British , Block 10 . The Company has lately placed a railing round the old spot , in order that it may be preserved . '' By this time BHP had erected a wooden railing around the chimney so that it might be preserved .
BHP ceased operations at Broken Hill in 1939 . In 2001 , BHP became part of BHP Billiton , the world 's largest resources company .
The BHP Chimney thus represents the birthplace of BHP , a company which helped shape Australia 's mining and industrial landscape .
The BHP Chimney is located on Crown land reserved for Temporary Common , known locally as the Willyama Common , which is administered by Broken Hill City Council as the trust manager for the Willyama Common Trust . Consolidated Mining Lease No . 7 , held by CBH Resources Pty Ltd , includes the site but there are no plans to conduct surface mining in this area .
The top section of the chimney has been rebuilt at some time since 1907 and the structure modestly covered with a tin roof on four wooden columns . Under the supervision of Broken Hill City Council 's heritage advisor in 2008 , the chimney was repointed and interpretation signage added to the site .
Description
The chimney is a ruin , the only remains of a worker 's cottage of which it once formed a part . It is constructed in random stone and brick .
It is surrounded by a recently constructed wire mesh fence and protected by a corrugated iron roof shelter resting on four metal poles .
There is interpretative signage in weathered metal which reads :
'This fireplace built by Tom Phin and A.W.B . Orman 1885 is part of the first office of the B.H.P . '
There is also more detailed contemporary interpretative signage ( dating from 2008 ) with images describing the chimney and its history within Broken Hill . It reads :
'This stone chimney marks the site of the hut built by the Broken Hill Mining Company ( soon to become BHP ) in May 1885 to house its first manager William Jamieson . It was , for a short time , used as the BHP works office where all mining business was conducted . In 2001 , BHP became part of BHP Billiton , the world 's largest resources company . As such this site represents the birthplace of BHP , a company which helped shape Australia 's mining and industrial landscape .
'About 1907 , BHP erected a wooden railing around the chimney so that it might be preserved . The top section has since been rebuilt and the structure covered .
'No photographs of the hut which housed the original BHP office have been located but the photo at right shows its location amongst the busy mining area of the Line of Lode .
' [ Caption to ] BHP SOUTH SMELTERS 1888 . This photo was taken from near the corner of Oxide and Chrystal streets looking towards the site of the chimney which was located in the foreground or just to the left of view . A small hut and chimney can be seen partly obscured by a small tree in the centre foreground . ( Rasp Memorial Library ) .
'The original syndicate of seven which held the seven mining leases on the broken hill named their venture the Broken Hill Mining Company . Following the discovery of rich silver ores in early 1885 , the company appointed Jamieson as manager in April 1885 . Within two weeks , with workmen Alf Orman and Tom Phin , Jamieson established a camp at the foot of Block 14 . Here they erected the first structures at Broken Hill of which only the original chimney still stands .
'The syndicate registered the Broken Hill Proprietary Co. Ltd in June 1885 but Jemieson resigned at the end of the year . During that period he undertook , at this site , planning of the original development work at the mine including the erection of the first smelters . By 1888 , wooden staff houses and a handsome stone office were erected about 500 metres to the northwest . The site was now part of the Block 14 Mine . By the 1890s , all BHP staff housing was provided at proprietary Square . BHP ceased operations at Broken Hill in 1939 . '
The chimney was reported as being in good condition as at 7 December 2009 , following the conservation works including stone repointing in 2008 . The signage interpretation was added at this time .
Heritage listing
The BHP Chimney Ruin of First Offices is of State significance as the last remaining remnant of the original offices used by the huge Australian mining company BHP . It was originally located in one of the first residences built for early miners ' accommodation at Broken Hill , which was also used as the first works office for Broken Hill Proprietary Ltd ( BHP ) ( at that time known as Broken Hill Mining Company ) , which today , as BHP Billiton , is amongst the world 's largest mining and resource companies . As such , this chimney represents the formation of BHP , a company which has helped to shape Australia 's mining , industrial and immigration policy . The fireplace itself was reputedly built in May 1885 , the year that Broken Hill began mining activities and started to develop as a remote inland town .
BHP Chimney Ruin of First Offices was listed on the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 23 April 2010 having satisfied the following criteria .
The place is important in demonstrating the course , or pattern , of cultural or natural history in New South Wales .
The BHP Chimney Ruin of First Offices is of State historical significance as the only surviving remnant of the first offices of BHP , a mining company which has helped to shape Australia 's mining , industrial and immigration policy . The chimney was originally part of a worker 's cottage built to accommodate some of the first miners in Broken Hill but which was soon put into use as the first Broken Hill Proprietary Ltd works office ( at that time Broken Hill Mining Company ) . The fireplace was reputedly built by Tom Phin and W.B . Orman in May 1885 , thus dating from the same year that began mining activities began in Broken Hill and coinciding with its formation as a remote inland town .
The place has a strong or special association with a person , or group of persons , of importance of cultural or natural history of New South Wales 's history .
The BHP Chimney Ruin of First Offices is of State significance for its historical associations with the origins of BHP , a company which has helped to shape Australia 's mining , industrial and immigration policy and which conducted its first offices in the cottage which this fireplace once warmed .
See also
References
Bibliography
Attribution
New South Wales State Heritage Register
Buildings and structures in Broken Hill , New South Wales
BHP
Office buildings in New South Wales
Houses in New South Wales
Buildings and structures in New South Wales
Articles incorporating text from the New South Wales State Heritage Register
Asuel Castle is a ruined castle near Asuel , in the municipality of La Baroche of the Canton of Jura in Switzerland . It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance .
See also
List of castles in Switzerland
References
Cultural property of national significance in the canton of Jura
Castles in the canton of Jura
Ruined castles in Switzerland
Ludwig Julius Budge ( 11 September 1811 , in Wetzlar – 14 July 1888 , in Greifswald ) was a German physiologist .
He studied medicine at the Universities of Marburg , Berlin and Würzburg , and following graduation worked as a general practitioner in Wetzlar and Altenkirchen . In 1843 he was privat-docent to the medical faculty at Bonn , where he became an associate professor in 1847 . In 1856 he was appointed professor of anatomy and physiology at the University of Greifswald .
He is known for his anatomical and physiological investigations of the autonomic nervous system , discovering that sympathetic nerve stimulation brings about pupillary dilatation and that oculomotor nerve stimulus produces constriction . With neurophysiologist Augustus Volney Waller , he was awarded the Prix Montyon by the French Académie des Sciences for research in identifying the segments of spinal cord that control operation of the ciliary muscles . The eponymous `` Budge 's center '' is a synonym for the ciliospinal center . With Leonard Landois , he demonstrated the phenomena of cardiac arrest during electrical stimulation of the vagus nerve , .
Also , he is credited with providing a comprehensive description of the liver 's bile capillaries , and for conducting significant research involving the construction and growth of muscle associated with bile ducts .
Selected works
Die Lehre vom Erbrechen : Nach Erfahrungen und Versuchen , 1840 - The doctrine of vomiting : by experience and experimentation .
Allgemeine Pathologie Als Erfahrungswissenschaft Basirt Auf Physiologie , 1845 - General pathology as an empirical science based on physiology .
Neue Untersuchungen über das Nervensystem ( with Augustus Volney Waller ) , 1851 - New studies of the nervous system .
Über die Bewegung der Iris , 1855 - On movement involving the iris .
Specielle Physiologie des Menschen : ein Leitfaden für Vorlesungen und zum Selbststudium , 1856 - Specialized human physiology : a guide for lectures and self-study .
References
External links
1811 births
1888 deaths
People from Wetzlar
University of Bonn faculty
University of Greifswald faculty
German anatomists
German physiologists
Ricky Williams is a fictional character from the CBS Daytime soap opera The Young and the Restless . The character was created as the son of Paul Williams ( Doug Davidson ) and Isabella Braña ( Eva Longoria ) , born onscreen on May 10 , 2002 . After being portrayed by a series of unidentified infant child actors , the character was raised by Isabella 's parents in Los Angeles , California . In 2011 , Ricky was rapidly aged to an adult , with Peter Porte being cast to play the character . Zap2it described Ricky as `` a one-dimensional villain with daddy and mommy issues '' .
Upon his return as an adult , Ricky was resentful of his father Paul for his lack of involvement in his life in his early years . In June 2012 , Porte was let go from the soap opera and his departure was slated to be a dramatic exit . Within the storyline , Paul found Ricky about to kill Eden Baldwin ( Jessica Heap ) and shot him to save her , killing him .
Casting and development
For the character 's first year , he was portrayed by a series of unidentified infant actors . In August 2011 , reports announced that Peter Porte would be joining the cast as an adult Ricky . Porte debuted on September 13 , 2011 . After less than a year in the role , it was announced in June 2012 that Porte had been let go , and his `` dramatic exit '' aired on July 2 . Of Porte 's exit , Nelson Branco of Soap Opera Unsensored stated , `` Too bad , since the improved actor has finally been winning over fans and critics with his surprisingly intense and compelling performance of a man unhinged . Expect a sensational climax and conclusion in Ricky 's storyline that involves Daisy and Phyllis . '' Porte said he was disappointed to be leaving the role .
Porte compared Ricky to his mother Isabella , saying , `` I was there just under a year , but when you start stealing babies , threatening lead characters and murdering people , you know your time is going to be limited . He certainly was his mother 's son ! '' Zap2it described Ricky as `` a one-dimensional villain with daddy and mommy issues '' .
Storyline
After being sent to live with Isabella 's parents who raised him , Ricky returned to Genoa City working for Avery Bailey Clark ( Jessica Collins ) during the Sharon Newman murder case . He meets his half-sister , Heather Stevens ( then Eden Riegel ) , for the first time . Heather was the general prosecutor in the murder case , causing them to be on opposing sides of the case . Ricky took pictures of Heather kissing Adam Newman ( Michael Muhney ) , a key suspect in Sharon 's case . He originally intended to give the pictures to Phyllis Newman to publish in Restless Style magazine , however , he gave them to Avery for safe keeping instead . When Sharon was finally set free thanks to Phyllis and Ronan Malloy , Avery brought the pictures to the courthouse , and she left them on the desk . When Avery was n't looking , Phyllis took the pictures and published them on the internet . She ruined Heather 's reputation , and this meltdown caused Heather to leave Genoa City permanently . Paul was furious that Ricky was responsible for Heather 's departure , but he looked past his son 's mistake in order to reconnect with him again . Ricky then sought to bring Phyllis down for stealing his pictures , enlisting in Avery 's help to sue her .
While battling Phyllis , Ricky decided to apply for Editor-in-Chief of Restless Style , being that it was under new management . Before his interview , Ricky snuck into the police station and took pictures of a file involved in the Diane Jenkins murder investigation . Billy Abbott ( Billy Miller ) denied Ricky 's application , and he decided to go to Phyllis with his incriminating pictures . Ricky made a deal with Phyllis which allowed him access to Restless Styles website , and he published an article about Nikki Newman 's ( Melody Thomas Scott ) involvement in the murder investigation . Later on , he meets his uncle Todd Williams and he meets and offers to help his aunt Patty Williams ( Stacy Haiduk ) who is hiding from police , however that was all a scam in order to write an article about Patty and Jack Abbott ( Peter Bergman ) . Ricky then wanted to write that article with Phyllis , though she turned him down as she promised her ex-husband Nick that she would n't write an article on the subject . However , Ricky took matters into his own hands and wrote the article anyway then published it online , aggravating various other people , including Paul , who confronted Ricky . The only excuse he gave was that Paul never looked out for his psychotic mother Isabella . Paul claims that he has n't gone through what Patty has , but Paul never did realize that he did grow up watching his insane mother . Ricky then gets recruited by Phyllis to get close to Daisy Carter so that she can use whatever information he can get against her so that Daniel can get full custody of Lucy . Ricky does just that and more , even going so far as to have sex with Daisy on March 29 , 2012 . However , he 's unaware that Eden Baldwin , who Ricky had recently started dating , has caught them in the act . The tables turn for Phyllis when Ricky decides to become Daisy 's ally , whether she wants it or not at times . He willingly helped kidnap Lucy for Daniel to lose custody . He may have grown an obsession with her as he became very angry when she announced she 's still trying to win Daniel . But he blackmails her into giving him her old apartment . Despite the uneasiness , Daisy 's still fully supportive of helping him bring down Phyllis and tormenting her . Paul is also beginning to doubt how innocent his son really is . Daisy discovered Ricky was a murderer .
In June 2012 , Eden goes to see Ricky offering to have a drink with him . They go to the bar and she claims to have to go to the bathroom , leaving Ricky waiting . In truth Eden had been suspicious of Ricky for some time , and convinces a maid to unlock his door and let her in . She discovers Daisy 's purse and finds her ID inside , and is about to call Kevin when Ricky catches her . She tries to run , but ends up having a struggle with Ricky , and ends up knocking herself unconscious after hitting her head on the side of the bathtub . Ricky is discovered in the nick of time by Paul , who , just moments earlier , attempted to have a purported heart-to-heart conversation with his son . He catches Ricky holding an unconscious Eden with a large knife in his hand . Paul pulls out a gun and pleads with Ricky to drop the knife , but is met with malicious words from Ricky , saying that it was Paul 's fault for the way he turned out . Ricky confesses to killing his ex-girlfriend Rachel . He clearly implies that he also killed Daisy Carter , who he says he `` got rid of '' , and his college friend Craig Hunt . Ricky refuses to drop the knife and , in a rage , dares Paul to shoot him . After more shouting from Ricky and repeated attempts by Paul to get Ricky to drop the knife , Ricky stands up and violently taunts Paul to shoot him . When it appears that Ricky is about to stab Eden , Paul shoots him in the right arm , causing him to fall backwards through the upper-floor bathroom window to his death .
Reception
Jamey Giddens of Zap2it said it was `` too bad '' Porte never received `` any material worth his talent during his stint '' , also saying , `` Dude is n't a bad actor ! '' On-Air On-Soaps said Porte 's dismissal came `` just as fans were starting to dig evil Ricky Williams '' . Giddens predicted Porte 's exit within the storyline would give Paul 's tear ducts `` a workout '' .
Notes
External links
Television characters introduced in 2002
Fictional journalists and mass media people
The Young and the Restless characters
Male characters in television
Meroplankton is a wide variety of aquatic organisms which have both planktonic and benthic stages in their life cycles . Much of the meroplankton consists of larval stages of larger organism . Meroplankton can be contrasted with holoplankton , which are planktonic organisms that stay in the pelagic zone as plankton throughout their entire life cycle .
After a period of time in the plankton , many meroplankton graduates to the nekton or adopt a benthic ( often sessile ) lifestyle on the seafloor . The larval stages of benthic invertebrates make up a significant proportion of planktonic communities . The planktonic larval stage is particularly crucial to many benthic invertebrates in order to disperse their young . Depending on the particular species and the environmental conditions , larval or juvenile-stage meroplankton may remain in the pelagic zone for durations ranging from hour to months .
Not all meroplankton are larvae or juvenile stages of larger organisms . Many dinoflagellates are meroplanktonic , undergoing a seasonal cycle of encystment and dormancy in the benthic zone followed by excystment and reproduction in the pelagic zone before returning to the benthic zone once more . There also exist meroplanktonic diatoms ; these have a seasonal resting phase below the photic zone and can be found commonly amongst the benthos of lakes and coastal zones .
Spatial distribution
Meroplankton species composition depends on spatial distribution and reproductive habits of adults in a given area . Biotic and abiotic factors such as tidal and lunar cycles and availability of food determine adult spawning schedules , in turn , determining subsequent meroplankton populations . Behavioural factors , such as predator avoidance are also important . Freshwater inputs play a key role in meroplankton species composition in estuarine environments . Effects of tides contribute greatly to meroplankton species distribution . One study conducted in a Patagonian Fjord found that species composition of the meroplankton community depended on the seasonally varying input levels from the Baker river as well as vertical and horizontal stratification of the water column . Events such as wind driven upwelling and downwelling also affect meroplankton species distribution . Most species are swept in the direction of the flow of water , either off shore during an upwelling or near shore during a downwelling . Some species , such as bivalve larvae , have the ability to maintain their nearshore position during these events .
The distribution of meroplankton is also highly seasonal . Many meroplanktons have short residence times in the pelagic zone which follow seasonal reproduction patterns . The timing of meroplankton population rises can be used as a proxy to estimate the timing of seasonal reproduction of the species in question .
Dispersal
Survival rate of Meroplankton is critical to successful development of adult organisms . One factor which often determines meroplankton survival is larval dispersal . Most species within the meroplankton community rely on ocean currents for dispersal . Currents play a key role in delivering larval organisms to specific settlement locations , where they are able to transition and mature into adult forms . Organisms which do not make it to the right settlement site are unlikely to complete their lifecycle .
Food availability
A major factor affecting meroplankton survival is food availability . While some larval or juvenile stage organisms are lecitotrophic , many members of the meroplankton community are heterotrophic . In order to ensure that larvae have sufficient sources of nutrition , many species coordinate larval release with times of algal blooms . This synchronicity between release of larvae and algal blooms often leads to meroplankton making up the largest percentage of the planktonic community during such reproductive periods . It has been demonstrated that certain species are able to commence spawning as they come into contact with phytoplankton cells . These species store embryos in the mantle cavity until they detect algal blooms . This adaptation allows for better larval survival .
Diversity and abundance
Meroplankton diversity and abundance are affected by many factors . Seasonal and spatial variations are among some of the main causes of such variability . A study which was conducted in Dunkellin Estuary , determined that spawning times of many species are timed to maximise food availability at a particular time of year , while minimising presence of other species which exploit the same food source Diversity and abundance are depth dependent qualities . Generally , shallow coastal waters contain far greater numbers of meroplankton than deep , open ocean waters . Most abundant regions occur at depths between 0 and 200 meters of the water column , where light penetration is highest . Availability of sunlight allows for proliferation of phytoplankton , which serves as one of the major food sources for meroplankton . Deep oceanic waters show significantly lower abundance than shelf regions , due to poor light penetration .
Effects of pollution
Water and benthos pollution from industrial sources has been demonstrated to have varying effects on biological diversity and survival potential of meroplankton . One study conducted in the Vostok Bay region in Russia , demonstrated that even in the presence of industrial pollutants , most species of meroplankton were able to proliferate almost unaffected . The authors of this study attribute these findings to the fact that meroplankton are transported by ocean currents generally from cleaner open waters inshore . Furthermore , the same study also concluded that even in heavily polluted areas , meroplankton populations were able to reestablish if pollution was brought under control and sufficient time was allowed to pass . However , the rate of recolonization was demonstrated to be notably slow , on average talking about 10 years before the abundance and diversity of meroplankton returned to its original levels . This is in part due to the slow nature of detoxification of benthic sediments , which retain much of the heavy metal pollution
Meroplankton and climate change
A study conducted in the North Sea between 1958-2005 , collected samples of meroplankton using a CPR survey . These samples consisted of larval echinoderms , decapods , bivalves , cirripedes , and ectoprocts . Meroplankton abundance as well as PCI levels ( amount of chlorophyll in each sample in relation to sea surface temperature ) were examined . Researchers concluded that echinoderm larvae increased in abundance throughout the study , with the largest increase occurring in the Northern and Central regions . Decapod larvae were found to increase in abundance as well , and were found to appear earlier in the year . Bivalve larvae showed an overall decline in abundance . It was also concluded that PCI levels increased throughout the study , particularly during the summer months . It was determined that climate , particularly sea surface temperature , drives meroplankton abundance . Warmer sea surface temperature shortens developmental time of the larvae , increasing their survival rate .
See also
Plankton
Holoplankton
Ichthyoplankton
Zooplankton
Nekton
References
Sources
Meroplankton ( Australian Museum )
Aquatic ecology
Planktology
Oceanographical terminology
General elections were held in the Isle of Man on 22 September 2016 . Independents won 21 of the 24 seats in the House of Keys . A record number of women were elected ( 5 , or 21 % of the House ) .
Electoral system
Following changes to the electoral system ahead of the elections , the 24 members of the House of Keys were elected from 12 constituencies , each of which returned 2 members . Previously constituencies had varied in size from one to three seats . Election is by multiple non-transferable vote in each constituency , with voters having two votes ( of which they may choose to use only one ) for the two seats .
Results
By constituency
References
Isle of Man
General
Elections in the Isle of Man
Isle of Man
Nguyễn Thị Thanh Hòa ( born 3 November 1954 , in Tiên Du District , Bắc Ninh Province ) is a Vietnamese politician . She is a member of the 11th Central Committee and is a member of the National Assembly ( Vietnam ) . She is currently the President of the Vietnam Women 's Union ( 2007– ) .
References
1954 births
Living people
Members of the National Assembly ( Vietnam )
People from Bắc Ninh province
Gitta Mallasz ( June 21 , 1907 – May 25 , 1992 ) was a Hungarian graphic designer and an artist . Today , she is best known for her transcription of a series of extraordinary spiritual instructions , of which she was one of the recipients in Hungary during World War II . In English , the book is called Talking with Angels .
Life
Margit Eugenia ( Gitta ) Mallasz was born in 1907 in Ljubljana ( Laibach ) into an Austro-Hungarian family . Her father was an officer in the Hungarian army , her mother was Austrian . In her adolescence in Hungary she became friends with Hanna Dallos at the Academy of Graphic Arts . She was a talented swimmer and in the early thirties , became a national free style and backstroke champion . She won the bronze medal of the 4 × 100 m freestyle relay at the 1931 European Aquatics Championships in Paris . She also made the acquaintance of Lili Strausz , a professor of calisthenics who was also a massage therapist . Soon Gitta Mallasz resumed working in graphic art and joined Hanna Dallos in the atelier which she ran with her husband Joseph Kreutzer . Once antisemitism gained political power in Budapest , the aristocratic Gitta Mallasz took over the commercial management of the atelier from Hanna and Joseph , who were Jewish just like Lili Strausz .
This quartet of young people was in search of the meaning of life and the spiritual . Then the Second World War broke out . The atmosphere became oppressive and alarming . Hanna and Joseph rented a small house in the outskirts of Budapest and reduced their activities to the absolute essentials . Gitta Mallasz and Lili Strausz joined them . One day when Gitta shared her thoughts with her , Hanna Dallos revealed that it was n't her any more who was speaking . The 25 June 1943 , was the beginning of Talking with Angels , seventeen months of spiritual instructions received and transmitted by Hanna , which ended up in an old college building transformed into a workshop for manufacturing military uniforms . The clandestine purpose was trying to save a hundred Jews . Gitta Mallasz accepted the management of it in order to save her friends . But , in 1944 , the Nazi vice tightened . Joseph Kreutzer was deported on 3 June , Hanna and Lili were taken to Ravensbrück on 2 December . They never returned ; Gitta Mallasz found herself alone in possession of a few black covered notebooks containing the transcripts of the instructions .
In Hungary , after the Nazi terror came the Soviet oppression . Gitta became dress and stage designer and spokesperson for the State Folk Assembly of Rábai Miklós . In those years , in spite of her professional success , Gitta said that she felt like a living dead . In 1960 , she `` chose freedom '' and settled in France . She restarted her career as a graphic designer . To save her family from persecution , she contracted a marriage of convenience with Laci Walder which later turned into a love-match . He was a Jewish communist , veteran of the International Brigade . With her husband , Helen Boyer , and several friends she set herself the task to translate the notebooks into French . The publication was delayed . Eventually , the writer Claude Mettra , producer at the French public radio station France Culture interviewed Gitta Mallasz about her spiritual adventure in his weekly program on March 22 , 1976 . The impact was enormous . Shortly thereafter , the text was published by Aubier and became an overnight bestseller .
Gitta Mallasz flatly refused to become a guru despite public pressure . But an invitation to a conference of the Zurich C. G. Jung Institute in June 1983 was an important turning point . From then on Gitta Mallasz dedicated the rest of her life to commenting on Talking with Angels , and guarding against false interpretations be it in conferences or in books . In 1988 , in a severe accident she broke both her wrists . She gave up her little house in Périgord and moved to live in Tartaras ( Ampuis ) in the vineyard region of the Côte-Rôtie in the vicinity of her close friends Bernard and Patricia Montaud . From 1985 onwards , Bernard Montaud had been organizing her conferences . She spent her last years there peacefully , writing her last books and releasing the angel 's teachings .
She died on May 25 , 1992 in Tartaras , in the commune of Ampuis ( France ) . Her ashes were dispersed over the Rhône .
Talking with Angels
The dialogues in Hungarian were transcribed onto notebooks during a series of 88 events , from June 25 , 1943 to November 23 , 1944 .
They have been published altogether in 21 languages .
The first edition was in French , Dialogues avec l'ange , published in 1976 .
It was first published in English in a short edition in 1979 by Watkins Publishing , followed by a complete edition by Daimon Verlag in 1988 under the title Talking with Angels .
Only in 1989 was it published in Hungarian .
Awards
Gitta Mallasz was recognized Righteous among the Nations in June 2011 for having saved a hundred Jewish women and children in Budapest in 1944 .
Books
In French
In German
These books stem from correspondence following her public speaking engagements .
References
Further reading
Patrice Van Eersel , La source blanche ( The white fount ) , Grasset , Paris , 1996
Bernard Montaud , Patricia Montaud , et Lydia Müller , La vie et la mort de Gitta Mallasz ( The life and the death of Gitta Mallasz ) , Dervy , Paris , 2001
Bóc Imre , Élete kockáztatásával : Mallász Gitta , Budapest , 1943/44 ( At Risk of Her Life : Gitta Mallász , Budapest 1943/44 ) , Múlt és jövő , 2014 ISSN 0864-8646
1907 births
1992 deaths
Hungarian spiritual writers
Artists from Ljubljana
Hungarian people of Austrian descent
20th-century Hungarian women writers
20th-century Hungarian writers
Hungarian female swimmers
Hungarian emigrants to France
Paralympic powerlifting has been competed at every Summer Paralympics since 1984 . Weightlifting had been on the Paralympic program since 1964 ; however , after the 1992 Games the IPC decided to drop weightlifting and hold powerlifting events only . Women first competed in the sport at the 2000 Sydney Paralympics .
Summary
Paralympic records
The International Paralympic Committee recognises the heaviest weights lifted in powerlifting events at the Paralympic Games .
Men
♦ denotes a performance that is also a current world record
Women
♦ denotes a performance that is also a current world record
Medal summary
Updated to 2020 Summer Paralympics .
Medalists
Men 's events
48 kg
49 kg
52 kg
54 kg
56 kg
59 kg
60 kg
65 kg
67.5
72 kg
75 kg
80 kg
82.5
88 kg
90 kg
97 kg
+90 kg
100 kg
107 kg
+100 kg
+107 kg
Women 's events
40 kg
41 kg
44 kg
45 kg
48 kg
50 kg
52 kg
55 kg
56 kg
60 kg
61 kg
67 kg
67.5
73 kg
75 kg
79 kg
82.5 kg
86 kg
+82.5
+86 kg
Nations
See also
Weightlifting at the Summer Olympics
World Para Powerlifting Championships
References
External links
IPC Historical Results Archive
Paralympic Records – World Para Powerlifting
Sports at the Summer Paralympics
Powerlifting at multi-sport events
Lorraine is a British breakfast television programme that is broadcast on ITV . Launched on 6 September 2010 , it is presented by Lorraine Kelly and broadcasts live every weekday from 9:00am to 10:00am . The programme features a variety of showbiz , fashion , health , food , celebrity interviews and competitions .
The programme 's run-time crosses the 9.25am ending of the official ITV Breakfast slot ( 6am-9.25am ) , which is wholly owned by ITV plc . This is why viewers in most of Scotland see ITV branding surrounding the first 25 minutes of the show , and STV branding for the remainder of the time slot .
Format
Each day the presenter gives an introduction into what 's coming up on the show , before discussing the main stories from the morning 's newspapers , although sometimes this is replaced by a Los Angeles update from Ross King . The show 's first guests tend to be interviewed next . Throughout the show more guests are interviewed as well as regulars such as Mark Heyes and Dr. Hilary Jones appear with fashion and health slots , respectively . The competition that runs on Good Morning Britain also appears throughout the show .
According to Attitude , Lorraine has `` provided a platform for LGBT people to share their stories '' and it earned Kelly the `` Honourary Gay Award '' at the 2015 Attitude Awards . The magazine described Lorraine as `` one of the campest things on telly '' . Kelly described the series as `` quite gay every day '' .
History
On 6 September 2010 , the first edition of the programme aired . A preview on Daybreak revealed the new studio look as spacious and coloured in a variety of pastel hues and decorative motifs dominated by pink . The sofa for the presenter and guests was pink and arranged in a semicircle around a central internally lit coffee table similar to that used for Daybreak . Lorraine 's first guest was actress Gemma Arterton . The first programme also featured an interview with Sky News reporter Sarah Parish and a recipe by TV chef James Tanner while Celia Walden and Kevin Maguire reviewed the morning 's newspapers .
On 20 October 2014 , the programme was briefly taken off air after a fire alarm forced its occupants to evacuate the studio on London 's South Bank . Kelly was about to interview eliminated X Factor contestant Stephanie Nala from Luminites when they were interrupted by the alarm at 9:10am . A spokeswoman for Lorraine said : `` An alarm was raised within ITV this morning and the area was immediately evacuated . Once it had been investigated and deemed safe , people were able to re-enter the building . '' Lorraine Kelly wrote to fans on Twitter : `` So sorry . We had to evacuate the building . First time in 30 years ! '' The show did n't make it back onto the air and the last 15 minutes was replaced by an episode of The National Trust and then followed by The Jeremy Kyle Show as normal .
In February 2016 , Lorraine 's Top Tales was launched , a competition to find new children 's author with Nadiya Hussain and Tom Fletcher as judges .
In April 2018 , and along with the rest of ITV Breakfast , Lorraine began broadcasting from BBC Studioworks ' Television Centre . The move was as a result of the proposed redevelopment of The London Studios ; however in October 2018 , it was announced that ITV would not be returning to the South Bank .
On 6 January 2020 , the show moved to a new time slot from 9:00am to 10:00am , with Good Morning Britain and This Morning both extended by 30 minutes .
Production on Lorraine was suspended from 23 March to 10 July 2020 due to the COVID-19 pandemic . Good Morning Britain was extended to 10am , with the final hour presented by Kelly and titled Good Morning Britain with Lorraine .
Presenters
Crossovers
Daybreak
On ITV 's previous breakfast show , Daybreak , there was a preview of the day 's edition of Lorraine on each day at around 07:30 with a chat between the programmes ' hosts prior to a handover at 08:30 . This preview was originally shown at 08:15 but was moved to an earlier slot in March 2011 . On 30 November 2010 , Daybreak co-presenter Adrian Chiles wore a kilt and made an on-screen visit to the Lorraine studio to congratulate Lorraine Kelly on her birthday and mark St Andrew 's Day . On 20 July 2011 , Lorraine was presented from the Daybreak studio due to technical problems .
Good Morning Britain
After Daybreak ended on 25 April 2014 , its replacement Good Morning Britain began the following Monday ( 28 April 2014 ) , as a result Lorraine now follows Good Morning Britain . Each day there is a preview of the Lorraine show on Good Morning Britain at 8:15am ( after the regional news bulletin opt out ) . In March 2020 – July 2020 Lorraine hosted in the final hour of GMB ( 9.00-10.00 ) due to her program being suspended due to the COVID-19 Pandemic . The final hour was renamed GMB with Lorraine .
Logo gallery
The programme has had five different logos since it began airing in 2010 .
References
External links
2010 British television series debuts
2010s British LGBT-related television series
2020s British LGBT-related television series
2010s British television series
2020s British television series
Breakfast television in the United Kingdom
English-language television shows
ITV Breakfast
ITV ( TV network ) original programming
Television productions suspended due to the COVID-19 pandemic
Television series by ITV Studios
Ginger Banks is an American webcam model , pornographic actress and sex worker advocate .
Career
Banks started webcamming in 2010 at the age of 19 while studying chemical engineering . Initially , Banks was ashamed to disclose her career and lied about her job ; this contributed to her suffering from depression . She became an advocate who speaks out about the damaging and discriminatory treatment that sex workers in the industry regularly face .
In 2018 , Banks alleged that John Stagliano , the owner of Evil Angel , had groped her without their consent while directing a scene . In June 2020 , Banks filed a police report against Stagliano over the alleged groping .
Banks was one of the targets of a harassment campaign against pornography performers by an Instagram user . Instagram had disabled her account in November 2018 , and the user took credit for her deactivation through reporting her and others for violating its community guidelines . Her account was reactivated months later , and Banks admitted censoring her postings due to her wariness at being deactivated again . She believes that removing sex workers from social media marginalizes them by removing their marketing channels .
Advocacy
In June 2017 , Banks posted a video on YouTube that compiled allegations of sexual assault against Ron Jeremy by members of the adult industry . While the allegations against Jeremy have stemmed back decades , it was n't until the video and when the Harvey Weinstein sexual abuse allegations came to light that the accusations began to get noticed outside the industry . Banks was motivated to take a stand against Jeremy after speaking with dozens of women who alleged he had assaulted them at conventions and learning that others had known about and normalized these incidents with a , `` Yeah , that 's Ron . '' Jeremy argued that Banks ' video compiled allegations that distorted the interactions with the women who had “ buyer 's remorse. ” Jeremy was banned from several industry shows after Banks ' social media campaign and the Free Speech Coalition , an industry trade group , rescinded its Positive Image Award that it had originally presented to him in 2009 .
Banks made a video in 2018 hoping to appeal to Bernie Sanders after he had voted in support of the Stop Enabling Sex Traffickers Act and Fight Online Sex Trafficking Act ( SESTA/FOSTA ) . She wanted him to think about the dangers that SESTA/FOSTA would create for the sex work industry and asked him to consider fighting for the rights of sex workers .
Banks started a petition demanding Mindgeek to remove Porn Fidelity videos from its tube platforms after accusations of sexual misconduct surfaced against producer Ryan Madison by several performers . The Porn Fidelity and Teen Fidelity channels were removed from Pornhub , but the videos were still findable on the Mindgeek sites .
Banks and other sex workers spoke out against the intentions of TraffickingHub 's campaign to shut Pornhub down . The campaign had accused Pornhub of exploiting and profiting from sex-trafficking and other non-consensual content exploiting women and children . TraffickingHub 's parent organization , Exodus Cry , opposes the decriminalization or legalization of sex work and seeks to abolish porn . Sex work advocates accuse the group of peddling a narrative of sex workers as victims . Banks started a petition for Pornhub to improve its verification process so that content ca n't be uploaded without the creator 's consent .
Personal life
Banks has a sister , Emma Banks .
References
External links
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
American pornographic film actresses
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Webcam models
Sex worker activists in the United States
21st-century American women
La Barceloneta is a locality located in the municipality of La Vansa i Fórnols , in Province of Lleida province , Catalonia , Spain . As of 2020 , it has a population of 7 .
Geography
La Barceloneta is located 146km northeast of Lleida .
References
Populated places in the Province of Lleida
In numerical analysis , nested dissection is a divide and conquer heuristic for the solution of sparse symmetric systems of linear equations based on graph partitioning . Nested dissection was introduced by ; the name was suggested by Garrett Birkhoff .
Nested dissection consists of the following steps :
Form an undirected graph in which the vertices represent rows and columns of the system of linear equations , and an edge represents a nonzero entry in the sparse matrix representing the system .
Recursively partition the graph into subgraphs using separators , small subsets of vertices the removal of which allows the graph to be partitioned into subgraphs with at most a constant fraction of the number of vertices .
Perform Cholesky decomposition ( a variant of Gaussian elimination for symmetric matrices ) , ordering the elimination of the variables by the recursive structure of the partition : each of the two subgraphs formed by removing the separator is eliminated first , and then the separator vertices are eliminated .
As a consequence of this algorithm , the fill-in ( the set of nonzero matrix entries created in the Cholesky decomposition that are not part of the input matrix structure ) is limited to at most the square of the separator size at each level of the recursive partition . In particular , for planar graphs ( frequently arising in the solution of sparse linear systems derived from two-dimensional finite element method meshes ) the resulting matrix has O ( n log n ) nonzeros , due to the planar separator theorem guaranteeing separators of size O ( ) . For arbitrary graphs there is a nested dissection that guarantees fill-in within a factor of optimal , where d is the maximum degree and m is the number of non-zeros .
See also
Cycle rank of a graph , or a symmetric Boolean matrix , measures the minimum parallel time needed to perform Cholesky decomposition
Vertex separator
Notes
References
.
.
.
.
.
Sparse matrices
Numerical linear algebra
Jay Wright ( born May 25 , 1935 ) is an African-American poet , playwright , and essayist . Born in Albuquerque , New Mexico , he lives in Bradford , Vermont . Although his work is not as widely known as other American poets of his generation , it has received considerable critical acclaim , with some comparing Wright 's poetry to the work of Walt Whitman , T. S. Eliot and Hart Crane . Others associate Wright with the African-American poets Robert Hayden and Melvin B. Tolson , due to his complexity of theme and language , as well as his work 's utilization and transformation of the Western literary heritage . Wright 's work is representative of what the Guyanese-British writer Wilson Harris has termed the `` cross-cultural imagination '' , inasmuch as it incorporates elements of African , European , Native American and Latin American cultures . Following his receiving the Bollingen Prize in Poetry in 2005 , Wright is recognized as one of the principal contributors to poetry in the early 21st century . Dante Micheaux has calle Wright `` unequivocally , the greatest living American poet '' . ''
Life and education
Wright 's family origins are emblematic of the multi-cultural nature of his literary work . His mother , Leona Dailey , was born in Virginia and had both African and Native American ancestry , while his father , George Murphy , or Mercer Murphy Wright , as he was also known , claimed African , Cherokee and Irish roots . Murphy held diverse blue-collar jobs , which included working construction , driving a jitney , and working as a handyman . However , Wright grew up in foster care in Albuquerque , and moved to San Pedro , California , in his teens to live with his father .
When he was in high school , Wright began to play bass , and when Neil Arditi met him in the late Nineties , Wright was still performing as a jazz bassist . Jazz music informs Wright 's work and aesthetic in various ways , in poems such as `` Wednesday Night Prayer Meeting '' , `` Billie 's Blues '' , and `` Twenty-Two Tremblings of the Postulant '' . The poet 's experience as a jazz bassist is referenced in the poem `` The End of an Ethnic Dream '' : `` Cigarettes in my mouth / to puncture blisters in my brain . / My bass a fine piece of furniture . / My fingers soft , too soft to rattle / rafters in second-rate halls . ''
As a young man , Wright played minor-league baseball , appearing in 76 games over two seasons ( 1953–1954 ) with the Mexicali Eagles of the Arizona-Texas League and the Fresno Cardinals of the California League . In 1954 , Wright abandoned his baseball career to serve in the U.S. Army medical corps in Germany until 1957 ; in this period he was able to travel in many countries in Europe .
Upon returning from Europe , Wright studied comparative literature at the University of California , Berkeley , and Rutgers University . He received his BA from Berkeley in 1961 , and his MA from Rutgers in 1967 . In 1964 , he taught English and medieval history for a year at the Butler Institute in Guadalajara , Mexico . After this experience , he returned to Rutgers to finish his MA and begin work on a PhD , but left before completing his doctoral degree .
As a student at Rutgers , Wright lived in Harlem , where he met African-American writers associated with the Black Arts Movement ( BAM ) , such as Larry Neal , LeRoi Jones , and Henry Dumas . Wright would later write the introduction to Dumas ' posthumously published collection of poetry , Play Ebony , Play Ivory : Poetry . Wright has been described as a member of the Black Arts Movement , although in a monograph dedicated to the movement , only Wright 's first book , The Homecoming Singer , is discussed in connection with the group . Indeed , Wright 's poem `` Idiotic and Politic '' , from The Homecoming Singer , has been read as `` a virtual declaration of independence from BAM , '' addressed directly to LeRoi Jones ( later Amiri Baraka ) , the founder of the Black Arts Movement .
Over the years Wright has been poet in residence at Yale University as well as the University of Dundee and historically black colleges and universities such as Talladega College , Tougaloo College , and Texas Southern University .
Poetry
Wright 's first publication was a 22-page chapbook entitled Death as History , which contained 15 poems , published in 1967 by Poets Press . Although this collection has never been republished , some of the poems were included in Wright 's first full-length book , The Homecoming Singer . Wright himself has disowned the book in print , saying that it was not intended as a unified work , but merely as `` a group of poems selected from those [ he ] had on hand '' . At the time the book was published , Wright was employed on a tour of black schools in the South for the Woodrow Wilson-National Endowment of the Arts program , and Carolyn Kizer thought he ought to have a book of poems ; therefore , she helped him publish the book with Diane DiPrima of Poets Press . In the poems that were not republished in The Homecoming Singer , the language , imagery and sensibility have been described as romantic and conventional in nature . In other poems from this collection , however , the tone , style and subject matter are not dissimilar to those found in poems published many years later than regards their concern for religious experience and the exploration of African myth and religion .
In 1971 , Wright 's first full-length collection of poetry , The Homecoming Singer , was published by Corinth Press . This book included poems including `` The Homecoming Singer '' , `` The End of an Ethnic Dream '' , and `` An Invitation to Madison County '' . In this book , Wright `` attempts to bridge past and present and meditates on feelings of exclusion from society or personal identity using geographical settings as backdrops for the autobiographical persona 's spiritual , emotional , and intellectual growth . '' The poem that opens the volume , `` Wednesday Night Prayer Meeting '' , has a narrator who is mostly detached from the scene described in the poem and then becomes ironically part of `` the uncertain , inconclusive encounter between man and God in a Black church. '' . The poem suggests an ambiguous , questioning attitude towards traditional religion that is revealed in the congregants ' Africanization of Christianity : `` They have closed their night / with what certainty they could , / unwilling to change their freedom for a god . '' Critical reception of The Homecoming Singer was positive , and Wright was immediately recognized as a major voice . The New York Times hailed it as `` a tense and memorable collection '' , in which Wright `` is making his way among troubled alternatives '' , in search of an independent black voice . However , in contrast to Wright 's later work , the themes of this book have been described as `` conventional '' .
While some critics argue for a change of direction in Wright 's work after Death as History and The Homecoming Singer ( and some parts of Soothsayers and Omens ) , others find instead continuity and unity in the poet 's work . Darryl Pinckney has argued that Wright 's earlier poetry is more closely aligned with `` the rebellious mood of the Sixties '' , referring in particular to the poems `` Death as History '' and `` A Plea for the Politic Man '' . In his review of the volume Selected Poems of Jay Wright , Robert B. Shaw also contrasts the earlier volumes with the poet 's later work , saying that one may `` accept ( and enjoy ) '' the earlier poems `` with fewer questions '' , in contrast to the esoteric difficulty and rigor of the later poems . Charles H. Rowell associates the poems in The Homecoming Singer and in the second section of Soothsayers and Omens with confessional poetry in its focus on personal , autobiographical experience in contrast to the later poetry , which he characterizes as less immediately personal and grounded more in books and scholarship than in lived experience .
However , in discussing Wright 's first five volumes of poetry , from Death as History to The Double Invention of Komo , Gerald Barrax sees a thematic and technical unity , describing these books as `` so remarkably unified and consistent in subject , theme , tone , and technique that they might all constitute a single work . '' Indeed , Wright himself has suggested that his books up to Explications/Interpretations ( excluding the disowned chapbook Death as History ) constitute a unified , ordered series , “ a dramatic process , with all its tensions and resolutions. ” Furthermore , the back cover copy of 2007 's The Guide Signs : Book One and Book Two suggests that that volume , together with the eight volumes brought together in Transfigurations : Collected Poems , should be read as a single work .
Awards
1986 John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation ( or `` Genius '' ) Fellowship
1996 Fellowship of the Academy of American Poets
2001 L. L. Winship/PEN New England Award , Transfigurations : Collected Poems
2005 Bollingen Prize in Poetry , becoming the first African-American writer to be so honored
2006 American Book Award Lifetime Achievement Award from the Before Columbus Foundation
Bibliography
Poetry
Death as History . New York : Poets Press . 1967
The Homecoming Singer . New York : Corinth Books . 1971
Dimensions of History . Kayak . 1976 .
The Double Invention of Komo . University of Texas Press . 1980
Explications/Interpretations . University of Virginia . 1984
Selected Poems of Jay Wright . Robert B. Stepto ( ed . ) New Jersey : Princeton University Press . 1987 .
Elaine 's Book . University of Virginia Press . 1988 .
Boleros . Princeton University Press . 1991
Music 's Mask and Measure . Chicago : Flood Editions . 2007 .
The Prime Anniversary . Chicago : Flood Editions . 2019 .
Thirteen Quintets for Lois . Chicago : Flood Editions . 2021 .
Plays
Balloons : A Comedy in One Act . Baker 's Plays , 1968
The Geometry of Rhythm , in The Prime Anniversary . Chicago : Flood Editions . 2019 .
Prose
`` Introduction '' in Dumas , Henry . Play Ebony : Play Ivory . Random House . 1974 .
Anthologies
References
External links
Bollingen Prize website
Book Review : Transfigurations
Jay Wright 's poetry focus of symposium at Washington University
Jay Wright Poetry Reading at Columbia College
Kenneth Koch and Jay Wright reading their poems in the Coolidge Auditorium , Nov. 15 , 1976
1935 births
Living people
American male poets
MacArthur Fellows
Writers from Albuquerque , New Mexico
People from Bradford , Vermont
Bollingen Prize recipients
People associated with the University of Dundee
American Book Award winners
The 1966 All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship was the 36th staging of the All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship since its establishment by the Gaelic Athletic Association in 1928 .
Dublin entered the championship as the defending champions , however , they were beaten in the Leinster semi-final .
On 16 October 1966 Wexford won the championship following a 4-1 to 1-8 defeat of Cork in a replay of the All-Ireland final . This was their second All-Ireland title and their first in three championship seasons .
Results
Leinster Minor Hurling Championship
Preliminary round
First round
Quarter-finals
Semi-finals
Final
Munster Minor Hurling Championship
Quarter-finals
Semi-finals
Final
Ulster Minor Hurling Championship
Semi-finals
Final
All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship
Semi-finals
Finals
External links
All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship : Roll Of Honour
Minor
All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship
Chinese Blackjack is also known as 21-point , ban-luck ( Hokkien ) , ban-nag ( Cantonese ) , and xì dách ( Vietnamese ) . The game is played in South East Asia and resembles conventional Blackjack . In Malaysia , this variant is known as Kampung ( Village ) Blackjack to differentiate it from the standard Casino Blackjack , and it grew from the game played in the old days in villages .
Traditionally , most casual gamblers gamble during the Chinese New Year ; it is believed the new year brings in fresh new luck . Chinese Blackjack is one of the most popular games played during the new year .
The game uses one or two 52-card deck ( s ) and is playable by any number of players . One is the dealer , or they may take turns dealing .
The game probably evolved from the fact that amongst friends , it is hard to host a casino rules blackjack game that needs a dealer who plays differently from the players . In casino rules , the cards are opened , and the dealer must play at least until 17 points but must stand once reached , while the players have no limits . This is complicated for a home friendly game , and it appears that the odds are stacked against the dealer . So most friends do n't volunteer to be the dealer .
A unique feature is that the dealer is allowed to selectively reveal some players ' hands , settle bets with them and then hit again and reveal other players ' hands . Another unique feature is a special status given to owning 5 cards unbusted .
Although Chinese Blackjack has some standard rules , unusual house rules are common .
Kampung Blackjack
In Malaysian kampung blackjack , which is likely to be a derivative of the original Chinese Blackjack , ( 'Kampung ' means village in Malay ) the following rules apply :
All hands including the dealer must reach at least 15 points ( reached 'license ' or 'passport ' ) , or a penalty applies ( usually the offender has to pay all players ) .
The maximum number of cards to be drawn is 5 only .
A burn rule may apply to make things more exciting . Players receiving the initial 2 cards of 15 points may get a new lease of luck by drawing a fresh set of cards by doubling up their original bet . It gets interesting when the dealer does the burn , as all players must then double up as well . Players may choose not to 'burn ' with the dealer by forfeiting the bet .
A Blackjack is one that has 21 points achieved by a ten/picture card + an ace , and usually is paid as 1:2 .
In addition , other special winning conditions apply :
Any combination to 21 points ( usually paid out as 1:2 ) , drawn to a maximum of 5 cards .
Surviving unbusted at 5 cards ( usually 1:2 depending on house rules ) .
Unbusted at 5 cards AND 21 ( usually 1:3 depending on house rules ) .
Triple 7 21 ( usually a big payout from 1:5 to 1:21 , depending on house rules ) .
Unlike Chinese Blackjack described below , pairs has no winning privileges .
Players to reveal busted cards ( depending on house rules )
The dealer 's turn is always last . He may choose selectively open the hands of the players , and make an immediate payout/collect according to the points he has at hand . After that , he may continue to hit himself to chance if he can get higher points , or bust . This feature gives a perception of 'another lifeline ' as the dealer with a bad card like 16 or 17 points can eliminate players with 3 or 4 cards on the likelihood that they have busted , before attempting another attempt to beat players with 2 cards which are likely to be good cards ( 18 to 21 ) .
Apart from the above , the game is similar to the Chinese Blackjack described below .
Dealing
Players place their bets . The dealer shuffles the cards thoroughly and to prevent dealer cheating , one player may `` cut the hand '' by which a player takes a number of cards off from the shuffled deck before dealing begins . The dealer may deal the cards clock or anti-clockwise , and may choose to deal himself first or last . All cards face down . He deals two cards per person and put back the extra cards to the `` cut hand '' .
Point counting rules
K , Q , J = 10
10 , 9 , 8 , 7 , 6 , 5 , 4 , 3 , 2 = respective face value
If your total number of cards is 2 , then Ace = 11 or 10
If your total number of cards is 3 , then Ace = 10 or 1
If your total number of cards is 4 or 5 , then Ace = 1
Checking for Blackjack
Each player including the dealer checks his hand for the following special combinations
Ace + Ace = ban-ban
Ace + ( 10/J/Q/K ) = ban-luck
15 points = free hand
7-7-7
Ban-Ban
If a player receives a ban-ban , he/she is deemed to have won his bet tripled from the dealer immediately , unless the dealer receives a ban-ban ( a tie ) or a free hand ( an escape ) .
If the dealer receives a ban-ban , he/she is deemed to have won all player bets tripled immediately , unless the player receives a ban-ban ( a tie ) or a free hand ( an escape ) .
Ban-Luck
If a player receives a ban-luck , he/she wins his bet doubled from the dealer immediately , unless the dealer has a ban-ban ( player loses ) , or a ban-luck ( a tie ) , or a free hand ( an escape ) .
If the dealer receives a ban-luck , he/she wins all player bets doubled immediately , unless the player has a ban-ban ( dealer loses ) , or a ban-luck too ( a tie ) , or a free hand ( an escape ) .
A player may instantly reveal their hand as soon as it is dealt to receive their remuneration from the Dealer .
15 Points ( No Man 's Land )
If the dealer has a free hand , he/she may decide to continue or not to continue with the game .
If he chooses not to , then the cards shall be collected back , reshuffled and dealt again .
7-7-7 ( House Rule )
If player hits on a pair of 7 and obtains 7 as the third card , player wins his/her bet 21-fold . If the dealer has a hand of 21 then the deal is canceled off .
The players ' turns
After checking for Blackjack , each player takes turn to make the following decisions , depending on the conditions . The player may add more than one card .
total < 16 , hit ( add one card ) .
total > = 16 and < 21 , hit or stand .
total = 21 , stand .
total > 21 , busts .
If the player has 5 cards on his/her hands , he/she must reveal his cards
number of cards = 5 ( 5-Dragon ) , collect win from dealer immediately , double the bet .
number of cards = 5 and total = 21 , collect win from dealer immediately , triple the bet . ( House Rule )
number of cards = 5 and total > 21 , lose double the bet to dealer immediately .
The dealer 's turn
After all players are done , the dealer has to make the following decisions , depending on the conditions . The dealer may hit more than one card .
total < 16 , hit ( add one card ) .
total > = 16 and < 21 , hit or reveal some players ' hands then hit .
total = 21 , reveal all players ' cards .
total > 21 , dealer busts .
number of cards = 5 ( 5-Dragon ) , collect win from players immediately , double all bets .
number of cards = 5 and total = 21 , collect win from players immediately , triple all bets . ( House Rule )
number of cards = 5 and total > 21 , lose to players whose hands have not been revealed yet ( regardless of whether the player busts or not ) , double all bets .
If the dealer chooses to reveal a player 's hand ( only if he/she has at least 16 points at any time ) ,
If the dealer has not busted
player busts or total of dealer > total of player , dealer wins the bet ( double if dealer has 21 points ( House Rule ) )
total of dealer = total of player , tie .
total of dealer < total of player , player wins , ( double if player has 21 points ( House Rule ) )
If the dealer busts ( with less than 5 cards on his hand ) , the dealer pays all players their bets ( double if player has 21 points ( House Rule ) ) unless the player also busts .
After the dealer has settled with all players , the cards are collected back and a new round begins .
References
External links
Blackjack Tactics
Chinese card games
Blackjack
This is a list of episodes for The Daily Show with Trevor Noah in 2019 .
2019
January
February
March
April
May
June
July
August
September
October
November
December
References
Daily Show guests
Daily Show guests
The 2019 Al Habtoor Tennis Challenge was a professional tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts . It was the twenty-first edition of the tournament which was part of the 2019 ITF Women 's World Tennis Tour . It took place in Dubai , United Arab Emirates between 9 and 15 December 2019 .
Singles main-draw entrants
Seeds
1 Rankings are as of 2 December 2019 .
Other entrants
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw :
Dalma Gálfi
Urszula Radwańska
Elena-Gabriela Ruse
Mayar Sherif
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw :
Akgul Amanmuradova
Magdalena Fręch
Georgina García Pérez
Valentina Ivakhnenko
Aleksandra Krunić
Eléonora Molinaro
Anastasiya Shoshyna
Daria Snigur
Champions
Singles
Ana Bogdan def . Daria Snigur , 6–1 , 6–2
Doubles
Lucie Hradecká / Andreja Klepač def . Georgina García Pérez / Sara Sorribes Tormo , 7–5 , 3–6 , [ 10–8 ]
References
External links
2019 Al Habtoor Tennis Challenge at ITFtennis.com
Official website
2019 ITF Women 's World Tennis Tour
2019 in Emirati tennis
December 2019 sports events in Asia
Al Habtoor Tennis Challenge
Tavşantepe is an underground station and the eastern terminus of the M4 line of the Istanbul Metro . Located under beneath the D.100 state highway in the Doğu neighborhood of Pendik , Istanbul , it was opened on 10 October 2016 along with the expansion from Kartal to Pendik .
Station Layout
References
Railway stations opened in 2016
Istanbul metro stations
Pendik
2016 establishments in Turkey
Quaker Hill is a summit located in Central New York Region of New York located in the Town of Western in Oneida County , northwest of Westernville .
References
Mountains of Oneida County , New York
Mountains of New York ( state )
Pierre Bostonais or Pierre Hastination ( died 1828 ) , better known as Tête Jaune , was an Iroquois ( Haudenosaunee ) -Métis trapper , fur trader , and explorer who worked for the North West Company and Hudson 's Bay Company during the 18th and 19th centuries . His nickname means 'yellow head ' in French and was given to him because of his blond hair . The name Bostonais ( French for 'Boston man ' ) refers to his probable American origin : First Nations people applied that name to American traders .
In the early 19th century , Pierre crossed the Rocky Mountains by the pass that would later bear his name . He led a brigade of Hudson 's Bay men through the same pass in December 1819 to encounter the Secwepemc people . Pierre would later move his cache from the Grand Fork of the Fraser river to a Secwepemc fishing village on the Fraser . He and his family were killed by members of the Dunneza in 1828 near the headwaters of the Smoky River , in retaliation for Iroquois encroachment into Dunneza territory .
Legacy
Places named after Tête Jaune :
Tête Jaune Cache , British Columbia
Yellowhead Highway
Yellowhead Pass , in Jasper National Park , Alberta
Canadian writer Howard O'Hagan ( 1902-1982 ) published the novel Tay John ( 1939 ) , named from an Anglicized form of Tête Jaune . The narrative is a mixture of frontier myths , indigenous tales and the history of Jasper National Park in Alberta . The novel was reprinted in 1960 , 1974 and 1989 and became popular in Canadian literature courses across Canada .
See also
Yellowhead ( disambiguation )
References
External links
Biography at BC Metis Mapping Research Project
Iroquois people
Canadian Métis people
Canadian fur traders
Métis fur traders
1828 deaths
Year of birth missing
Date of birth unknown
The Socialist Workers ' Party of Germany ( , SAPD ) was a centrist Marxist political party in Germany . It was formed as a left-wing party with around 20,000 members which split off from the SPD in the autumn of 1931 . In 1931 , the remnants of Independent Social Democratic Party of Germany ( USPD ) merged into the party and in 1932 some Communist Party dissenters also joined the group as well as a part from the Communist Party Opposition . Nevertheless , its membership remained small . From 1933 , the group 's members worked illegally against Nazism .
In his home town of Lübeck , the young Herbert Karl Frahm , later known as Willy Brandt , joined the SAPD against the advice of his mentor Julius Leber . In his autobiography , Brandt wrote : In autumn 1931 , Nazis and German nationalists , the SA and Der Stahlhelm joined together to form the `` Harzburg Front '' . [ ... ] It was just at this time that the left wing of the social democrats split off , as a result of measures connected to organisation and discipline by the party leaders . A few Reichstag assemblymen , a number of active party groups – above all in Saxony – and not least a large proportion of young Socialists followed the people who were calling for the founding of a Socialist Workers ' Party .
In 1934 , the youth of SAPD took part in the foundation of the International Bureau of Revolutionary Youth Organizations . The congress was held in the Netherlands and broken up by Dutch police . Several SAPD delegates were handed over to German authorities . The congress then re-convened in Lille . Brandt was elected to the Secretariat of the organization and worked in Norway for the Bureau .
The SAPD was affiliated to the International Revolutionary Marxist Centre , but it broke with the main party of that international ( the Independent Labour Party ) over the question of the united front and popular front .
During the Second World War , some SAPD members emigrated to Great Britain and worked for the party there . Many of those became members of the SPD , therefore the SAPD was not re-founded anew after the Second World War . Willy Brandt eventually became the leader of the SPD , one of West Germany 's major political parties of the modern era , being elected Chancellor of Germany in 1969 .
See also
Sozialistische Arbeiter-Zeitung
Sozialistischer Schutzbund ( Socialist Protection League )
Bibliography
Hanno Drechsler , Die Sozialistische Arbeiterpartei Deutschlands ( SAPD ) : Ein Beitrag zur Geschichte der Deutschen Arbeiterbewegung am Ende der Weimarer Republik , Meisenheim am Glan : Hain , 1963 ; Repr . Hannover : Politladen , 1971 ; 2 . Repr . Hamburg : Junius , 1999 ( the classic account ) .
External links
`` Where is the SAP going ? ''
Social democratic parties in Germany
Political parties in the Weimar Republic
Defunct socialist parties in Germany
Political parties established in 1931
Political history of Germany
1931 establishments in Germany
Marxist parties
Taiping Lake or Taipinghu may refer to :
Taiping Lake ( Anhui ) , a lake in Anhui , China
Taiping Lake Gardens , public garden in Taiping , Perak , Malaysia
Taiping Lake ( Shanghai ) , a lake in Taipingqiao Park , Shanghai , China
A trade restriction is an artificial restriction on the trade of goods and/or services between two or more countries . It is the byproduct of protectionism . However , the term is controversial because what one part may see as a trade restriction another may see as a way to protect consumers from inferior , harmful or dangerous products .
Examples
German purity laws : Beer
Germany required the production of beer to adhere to its purity law . The law , originally implemented in Bavaria in 1516 and eventually becoming law for newly unified Germany in 1871 , made many foreign beers unable to be sold in Germany as `` beer '' . This law was struck down in 1987 by the European Court of Justice , but is still voluntarily followed by many German breweries .
US motor vehicle headlamps
Rectangular headlamps were promoted in the United States where round lamps were required until 1975 . By 1979 , the majority of new cars now had the rectangular headlamps . Again , the US permitted only two standardized sizes of rectangular sealed-beam lamp : A system of two 200 mm x 142 mm high/low beam units corresponding to the existing 7 '' round format , or a system of four 165 mm x 100 mm units ( two high/low and two high-beam ) corresponding to the existing 5¾ inch ( 146 mm ) round format .
In 1968 , the US Department of Transportation outlawed any decorative or protective element in front of the headlamps if the headlamps are switched on . Glass-covered headlamps , like those used on the Jaguar E-Type , the pre-1968 VW Beetle , the Porsche 356 , the Citroën DS and Ferrari Daytona , now had to be equipped with uncovered headlamps for the US market , further altering the look of European models sold in the United States . The change meant that vehicles designed for solid aerodynamic performance could not achieve it for the US market .
In 1984 , the Department changed the rule to allow replaceable-bulb headlamps of nonstandard shapes . However , some automaker could equip a vehicle with the same type of headlamps in the US as in the rest of the world . US headlamp standards are governed by Federal Motor Vehicle Safety Standard 108 , which is incompatible with the UNECE standards , used in most of the rest of the world . Canada has its own headlamp standards that are similar to the US standard but allows UNECE-compliant headlamps . Headlamps were used in cars but also for traffic violation stops .
Non-tariff barriers to trade
Protectionism
Himat may refer to :
Bradley BA-300 Himat , a proposed American aircraft design
Rockwell HiMAT , an experimental American aircraft design
Geoffrey Michael Chater Robinson ( 23 March 1921 – 16 October 2021 ) was an English film , television and stage actor . He appeared in the crime drama series Callan , Foyle 's War and Midsomer Murders .
Biography
Geoffrey Michael Chater Robinson was born in Barnet , Hertfordshire on 23 March 1921 and lived in Iden , East Sussex and London . His father , Lawrence Chater Robinson , was a composer of music for dance bands and his mother Peggy was an actress . It was seeing her perform at London St Martin 's Theatre when he was 11 that made him want to follow her onto the stage .
Chater was educated at Marlborough College , and joined the Royal Fusiliers in 1940 . He served as a captain in India and Burma , where he wrote and performed in revues for the troops during time off . He served in the British Army from 1940–1946 .
After the Second World War , he focused on his career in the entertainment industry . He became an assistant stage manager at the Theatre Royal , Windsor , where in 1947 , made his first professional appearance in A Midsummer Night 's Dream . His West End debut was in 1952 , as `` Constable '' in Master Crook . Later on he appeared in Howard Brenton 's play Magnificence . He also had a minor role in a British TV serial Brideshead Revisited where he played a role of British Consul . He made his film debut in 1958 with The Strange World of Planet X . In Gandhi , he played the chairman of the enquiry into the Amritsar massacre . He also appeared in the film classics If .... ( 1968 ) and Barry Lyndon ( 1975 ) in supporting roles .
His career saw him take on roles from Shakespeare to Midsomer Murders . While he appeared in films and television roles , he avoided longer contracts so he could have time to devote to his first love of performing in the Theatre .
In 2017 , Chater began giving poetry readings and he continued to read the lesson at his local church until lockdown was imposed as a response to the COVID-19 pandemic on 23 March 2020 , his 99th birthday .
He turned 100 on 23 March 2021 and died on 16 October 2021 in Iden , East Sussex .
Filmography
Film
The Strange World of Planet X ( 1958 ) - Gerard Wilson
Battle of the V-1 ( 1958 ) - Minister of Defence
Wonderful Things ! ( 1958 ) - Solicitor
The Day the Earth Caught Fire ( 1961 ) - Pat Holroyd
Two Letter Alibi ( 1962 ) - Inspector Warren
If .... ( 1968 ) - Chaplain : Staff
One of Those Things ( 1971 ) - Falck
10 Rillington Place ( 1971 ) - Old Bailey : Christmas Humphreys
Endless Night ( 1972 ) - Coroner
The Best Pair of Legs in the Business ( 1973 ) - Reverend Thorn
O Lucky Man ! ( 1973 ) - Bishop / Vicar
Barry Lyndon ( 1975 ) - Doctor Broughton
Gandhi ( 1982 ) - Government Advocate
Bethune : The Making of a Hero ( 1990 ) - Doctor Archibald
Television
Sherlock Holmes ( 1951 ) - Unknown
Jan at the Blue Fox ( 1952 ) - Mr. Trevor
The Birdcage Room ( 1954 , TV film ) - Mr. Blackfoot
ITV Television Playhouse ( 1955 ) - Dusty
ITV Play of the Week ( 1955-1963 ) - Various roles
My Friend Charles ( 1956 ) - Doctor George Kimber
Motive for Murder ( 1957 ) - Harry Manners
Armchair Theatre ( 1958-1971 ) - Various roles
The Third Man ( 1959 ) - Lord Farset
Scotland Yard ( 1960 ) - Detective Superintendent Lawrie
Saturday Playhouse ( 1960 ) - Raymond
On Trial ( 1960 ) - A.J . Newton
Walk a Crooked Mile ( 1961 ) - Arnold Hedges
Storyboard ( 1961 ) - Duroc
Family Solicitor ( 1961 ) - Mr. Tyler
Echo Four Two ( 1961 ) - Acting Superintendent Dean
Probation Officer ( 1961 ) - Sir Giles Enton
Drama 61-67 ( 1962-1963 ) - Various roles
No Hiding Place ( 1962-1965 ) - Various roles
Crying Down the Lane ( 1962 ) - Superintendent Lambe
Z Cars ( 1963 ) - Robson
The Plane Makers ( 1963 ) - Simon Stride
Ghost Squad ( 1963-1964 ) - Various roles
BBC Sunday-Night Play ( 1963 ) - The Captain
The Human Jungle ( 1963 ) - Householder
The Scales of Justice ( 1963 ) - Mr. Soames
Detective ( 1964 ) - Tony Garnish
Espionage ( 'Snow on Mount Kama ' , episode ) ( 1964 ) - Colonel Gregory
Festival ( 1964 ) - Kindred
Story Parade ( 1964 ) - Prosecutor
The Indian Tales of Rudyard Kipling ( 1964 ) - Major Vansuythen
Victoria Regina ( 1964 ) - Doctor Clark
Theatre 625 ( 1965-1967 ) - Various roles
Front Page Story ( 1965 ) - Bosley Morton
Emergency-Ward 10 ( 1965 ) - Commander Boyle RN
The Troubleshooters ( 1966-1967 ) - Charles du Cros
Vendetta ( 1966 ) - Don Gino
Adam Adamant Lives ! ( 1967 ) - Commissioner Hobson
The Wednesday Play ( 1967 ) - Richard Browning
Softly , Softly ( 1967 ) - Framley
Sexton Blake ( 1967 ) - William Passer
The Avengers ( 1967-1968 ) - Jarvis/Seaton
City '68 ( 1967-1968 ) - Wainwright
ITV Playhouse ( 1967-1980 ) - Various roles
The Champions ( 1968 ) - Forster
The Saint ( 1968 ) - Carl Howard
The Expert ( 1968-1969 ) - Tom Caldicott
The Power Game ( 1969 ) - Arthur Stilton
ITV Sunday Night Theatre ( 1969 ) - Toby Pears
Department S ( 1969 ) - Peck
Rogues ' Gallery ( 1969 ) - Sir Richard Manningham
W. Somerset Maugham ( 1969 ) - Mr. Grey
The Main Chance ( 1969-1975 ) - Roger Chapman
Big Brother ( 1970 ) - Sir Michael Clarke
Callan ( 1970-1972 ) - Bishop
Steptoe and Son ( 1970 ) - Peregrine
Biography ( 1970 ) - Hoppner
Fraud Squad ( 1970 ) - Brigadier Wildblood
Doomwatch ( 1971 ) - Mullery
Paul Temple ( 1971 ) - Sir Harold Malyon
Justice ( 1971 ) - Lord Rush
Jason King ( 1971 ) - Mr. Horner
Dad 's Army ( 1972 ) - Colonel Pierce
The Dick Emery Show ( 1972-1975 ) - Various roles
Ooh La La ! ( 1973 ) - Landernau
Orson Welles ' Great Mysteries ( 1973 ) - Donald Cosgrove
Some Mothers Do 'Ave 'Em ( 1973 ) - Bank manager
Thriller ( 1973-1975 ) - Various roles
Special Branch ( 1974 ) - Sir Gerald Pastor
Fall of Eagles ( 1974 ) - Charles
General Hospital ( 1974 ) - Mr. Hillier
Shoulder to Shoulder ( 1974 ) - Holloway Prison Governor
Father Brown ( 1974 ) - Leonard Smythe
Moll Flanders ( 1975 ) - George Mace
Thriller ( 1975 ) Episode : `` The Next Voice You See '' - Sir Peter Hastings
Jackanory Playhouse ( 1975 ) - Chancellor
Village Hall ( 1975 ) - Leonard Beamish
The Poisoning of Charles Bravo ( 1975 ) - Mr. Gorst
Hogg 's Back ( 1975 ) - Inspector
Crown Court ( 1976 ) - Professor Stuart Adams
Hadleigh ( 1976 ) - David Ringham
The Howerd Confessions ( 1976 ) - Mr. Parsley
Within These Walls ( 1976 ) - Judge Lionel Hunt
Romance ( 1977 ) - Sir Charles Verdayne
Devenish ( 1977 ) - Admiral Sir Percival Wallow
The Upchat Line ( 1977 ) - Mr. Peabody
The Cedar Tree ( 1978 ) - Walter Henderson
Strangers ( 1979 ) - Barker
Rings on Their Fingers ( 1979 ) - Mr. Lowther
Penmarric ( 1979 ) - Doctor Ormott
Prince Regent ( 1979 ) - Henry Addington
Play for Today ( 1979-1981 ) - Various roles
Premiere ( 1980 ) - Superintendent
Agony ( 1981 ) - Mr. Lucas
Bognor ( 1981 ) - Sir Erris Beg
The Good Soldier ( 1981 ) - Bagshawe
Winston Churchill : The Wilderness Years ( 1981 ) - Lord Hailsham
Brideshead Revisited ( 1981 ) - Consul
Othello ( 1981 ) - Brabantio
Troilus & Cressida ( 1981 ) - Nestor
Shelley ( 1982 ) - Mr. Fairbass
The Agatha Christie Hour ( 1982 ) - Canon Parfitt
Harry 's Game ( 1982 ) - Colonel George Frost
The Further Adventures of Lucky Jim ( 1982 ) - Magistrate
Tales of the Unexpected ( 1982 ) - James Hamilton
Nanny ( 1983 ) - Major Fancombe
The Cleopatras ( 1983 ) - Perigenes
A Married Man ( 1983 ) - Sir Peter Craxton
The Aerodrome ( 1983 ) - Dr. Faulkner
Shackleton ( 1983 ) - Sir Clements Markham
Foxy Lady ( 1984 ) - Mr. Molyneux
Strangers and Brothers ( 1984 ) - Thomas Bevill
Blott on the Landscape ( 1985 ) - Minister
Mapp and Lucia ( 1985-1986 ) - Mr. Algernon Wyse
Screen Two ( 1985-1987 ) - Various roles
Indiscreet ( 1988 ) - Finley
A Taste for Death ( 1988 ) - Frank Musgrave
The Dog It Was That Died ( 1989 ) - Wren
Anything More Would Be Greedy ( 1989 ) - Sir William Crome
Chelworth ( 1989 ) - Rafe Holingsworth
Norbert Smith , a Life ( 1989 ) - Cyril Freebody
Saracen ( 1989 ) - Alan Ross
The New Statesman ( 1990 ) - Justice Saunders
Harry Enfield 's Television Programme ( 1990 ) - Mr. Dickinson
Spymaker : The Secret Life of Ian Fleming 1990 ) - Lawyer
Bergerac ( 1990 ) - Sir Matthew Osterson
Brass ( 1990 ) - Air Vice Marshal Plunkett-Downe
One Foot in the Grave ( 1990 ) - Reverend Croker
Rumpole of the Bailey ( 1991 ) - Gregory Fabian
Harry Enfield and Chums ( 1994 ) - Headmaster
The House of Eliott ( 1994 ) - Wilkinson
The Rector 's Wife ( 1994 ) - The Bishop
Pie in the Sky ( 1994 ) - Doctor Lonsdale
The Detectives ( 1995 ) - Sutton Frobisher
The Thin Blue Line ( 1995 ) - Carol Singer
The Bill ( 1998 ) - Edward Robbins
In the Red ( 1998 ) - Mr Justice Frimlington
Heartbeat ( 1999 ) Hal Clifford
Heartbeat ( 2003 ) - Sir Henry Bing
Foyle 's War ( 2003 ) - Professor Phillips
Midsomer Murders ( 2005 ) - Brother Robert
References
External links
1921 births
2021 deaths
English centenarians
English male film actors
English male television actors
Male actors from Hertfordshire
Men centenarians
People from Chipping Barnet
English male stage actors
20th-century English male actors
21st-century English male actors
Alessandro Terrin ( born 11 July 1985 ) is a male Italian swimmer . He represented Italy at the 2008 Olympic Games in the 100m breaststroke and the 4×100m ; medley relay swimming events .
His favourite event is the 50m breaststroke : he won several medals in this event and became European champion at the 2006 European LC Championships in Budapest together with Oleg Lisogor ; he also won a silver medal at the 2006 SC World Championships in Shanghai .
At the 2008 European SC Championships in Rijeka he won a gold medal in the 4×50 m medley relay event , where the Italian team set the current European record and world 's best performance .
Personal bests
He currently holds 1 world 's best performance ( WB ) , 1 European record ( ER ) and 1 Italian records ( IR ) . His personal bests ( as of the 27 May 2009 ) are :
References
1985 births
Living people
Italian male breaststroke swimmers
Olympic swimmers of Italy
Swimmers at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the FINA World Swimming Championships ( 25 m )
European Aquatics Championships medalists in swimming
Mediterranean Games gold medalists for Italy
Mediterranean Games bronze medalists for Italy
Mediterranean Games medalists in swimming
Swimmers at the 2005 Mediterranean Games
Sportspeople from the Metropolitan City of Venice
People from Dolo
20th-century Italian people
21st-century Italian people
The University of St. La Salle ( USLS ) is a Catholic private research university run by the De La Salle Brothers , located in La Salle Avenue , Bacolod City , Negros Occidental , Philippines . Established in 1952 as La Salle College - Bacolod , it is the second oldest campus founded by the congregation in the country ( first and oldest outside of Manila ) . The university is a member of De La Salle Philippines , a network established in 2006 comprising 16 Lasallian educational institutions in the Philippine islands . The university offers preschool , elementary , secondary ( junior & senior high ) , undergraduate , and graduate programs . It has seven colleges namely : Business and Accountancy , Engineering and Technology , Arts and Sciences , Education , Nursing , Law , and Medicine .
History
USLS was founded in 1952 by Br . Dennis Ruhland FSC , Br . Hugh Wester FSC , and Br . V. Felix Masson FSC . La Salle College-Bacolod opened with 175 male students from Prep to Grade 5 , under seven faculty members . The school building was unimpressive , built amidst sprawling muddy grounds and bordered by cane fields of adjoining lands .
In the 1960s , La Salle College-Bacolod expanded to provide College-level education . This was made possible through donations by alumni , parents and benefactors . The school became co-educational in 1966 .
On July 5 , 1988 , La Salle College-Bacolod was formally elevated to university status and named University of St. La Salle during rites attended by then secretary of education Lourdes Quisumbing .
It played host to the beach volleyball and boxing events during the 2005 Southeast Asian Games .
Campus
The school 's 10-hectare main campus in La Salle Avenue houses the university 's college and graduate school units . The USLS Health Sciences Campus , located at Lacson St. , is an additional facility for students under its Nursing and Medicine program . Its other campus , the 55-hectare Granada Campus , is home to the Agribusiness Farm and the Science Ecological Park , which caters to its Agribusiness students .
Liceo–De La Salle Senior High School
The Liceo–De La Salle Senior High School is located within the USLS La Salle Avenue ( main ) campus and offers grades 11 and 12 . The senior high school program started in 2016 in compliance with the K-12 program of the national government .
Integrated School Campuses
The university allotted PHP200 million for the construction of a new campus for the Integrated School in Brgy . Mandalagan with lot donated by the Alunan family . The original Integrated School in the Montelibano campus , which had about 2,000 I.S . students , was already congested . The new campus features two four-storey buildings and can accommodate up to 4,000 students . Construction of the first phase was completed in 2015 .
Patron saint
As a Catholic University , the university 's patron saint is St. John Baptist de La Salle , a French priest , educational reformer , and founder of an international educational movement who spent over forty years of his life to educate poor children .
Academics
USLS offers preschool , elementary , secondary , undergraduate and graduate level programs . La Salle offers academic programs under Business , Law , the Social Sciences , Psychology , Medicine , Biology , Chemistry , Computer Science , Engineering , Nursing , Education , and Hospitality Management . La Salle has seven Academic colleges , namely College of Nursing , College of Arts and Sciences , Yu An Log College of Business and Accountancy , College of Education , College of Law , College of Engineering and Technology , and College of Medicine .
Student life
The Spectrum – official student publication
Kapawa – The Official English Student Publication of USLS Liceo-De La Salle Senior High School
Berdeng Parola - The Official Filipino Publication of USLS Liceo-De La Salle Senior High School
USLS-IS Drumbeaters – Official drumbeaters of the school started in 2008 . It is composed of 15 drumbeaters ; known for winning the NOPSSCEA drumbeating competition in 2010-2013 and 2015 .
Notable alumni
Rafael Alunan III – former Secretary of the Interior and Local Government
Grendel Alvarado – Winner , Philippines ' Next Top Model
Mercedes Alvares – Deputy Speaker of the House of Representatives of the Philippines
Francis Arnaiz – former basketball player for Barangay Ginebra San Miguel and Toyota Super Corollas in the Philippine Basketball Association
Louie Casas – footballer ( Ceres , Azkals )
Alfonso Cusi – Secretary of Energy ( Philippines )
Rafael Coscoluella - former Governor of Negros Occidental
Bro . Rolando Ramos Dizon , FSC – De La Salle Brother , Chairman of The Commission on Higher Education ( Philippines )
Alvin Elchico – ABS-CBN Broadcast Journalist
Peque Gallaga – film director
Daniel Lacson Jr. – former Governor of Negros Occidental , former GSIS Chairman , former President of Negros Navigation
Oscar Hilado – Former Chairman and CEO of Phinma , in 2007 he was listed as the 33rd Richest man in the Philippines
Ronnie Lazaro – actor
Evelio Leonardia – Mayor of Bacolod , former Congressman
Armin Luistro – De La Salle brother , former Secretary of the Department of Education ( Philippines )
Joel P. Navarro – music conductor
Tating Pasilan – footballer , team captain of Green Archers United F.C . in the United Football League ( Philippines )
Carlo Piccio – Olympic swimmer
Erik Matti – film director
Jewel May Lobaton – Bb . Pilipinas-Universe , 1998
Monico Puentevella – former congressman , former Bacolod City Mayor
Monsour del Rosario – Taekwondo champion , Film and TV actor , and congressman representing the first district of Makati
Vickie Rushton – Mutya ng Pilipinas 2011 , Pinoy Big Brother : All In Housemate
Joel Torre – Film and Television actor
Christian Vasquez – Film and Television actor
Tan Yu – Billionaire-philanthropist , in 1997 he was ranked as the 'Richest man in the Philippines ' with a net worth of $ 7 billion
Jose Maria Zubiri Jr. – Governor of the Province of Bukidnon
Notable faculty and benefactors
Elsa Martinez Coscolluela – Writer , Academic , Won the Palanca Awards twenty times , is included in its Hall of Fame
José Locsin – former Senator and Secretary of Health
Alfredo Montelibano Sr. – served as the first mayor of Bacolod in 1938 , as military governor of Negros Island and Siquijor Island from 1942 to 1945 , and as Secretary of National Defense and Interior under President Sergio Osmeña from 1945 to 1946 .
Gallery
See also
List of tertiary schools in Bacolod City
References
External links
USLS list of programs offered
De La Salle Philippines
Educational institutions established in 1952
Universities and colleges in Bacolod
1952 establishments in the Philippines
Bug Hunter is a science fiction combat board game published by TSR in 1988 , using adaptions of rules from the previously released Sniper ! board game .
Publication history
In 1973 , Simulations Publications Inc. ( SPI ) published a two-player combat game called Sniper ! After TSR purchased SPI in 1982 , TSR released an expanded edition of Sniper ! in 1986 , and followed up with three `` companion games '' , the third one being Bug Hunter in 1988 . Bug Hunter was designed by Steve Winter , with artwork and cartography by Kim Janke , Dennis Kauth , and David C. Sutherland III , and cover art by Keith Parkinson .
Gameplay
Bug Hunter moved the combat setting out of the Second World War and onto distant planets , where humans are attacked by predatory aliens . Using the Sniper ! rules set , the game focuses on `` the popular science fiction theme of embattled humans threatened by vicious alien creatures in space and on the ground , '' with one player taking the human side , and the other player playing the aliens .
Components include :
four double-sided isomorphic maps
three rulebooks ( original Sniper ! rules , science fiction rules adaptations , scenarios )
400 die-cut counters
fifty random event cards
cardstock sheet of vehicle cutouts
track/roster sheet
cover folder , which included reference tables
Reception
In the May 1989 edition of Games International , James Wallis reviewed Bug Hunter as the magazine 's `` Game of the Month '' , and found the amount of material included made for `` a great deal of game by any standards . '' He found the hand-to-hand combat rules `` simple and direct '' , and the rules overall `` written in a clear style that explains everything while not being patronising or dull . '' He concluded by giving the game a perfect score of 5 out of 5 , saying , `` Bug Hunter is not without a few rough spots but [ ... ] it is fast , fun and contains enough variables to keep players interested for some time . ''
In the March–April 1990 edition of Space Gamer/Fantasy Gamer ( Issue No . 88 ) , Tony Watson commented that `` Anyone looking for an action-packed game , or who believed that there was a game somewhere in the Aliens movie , will find both right here . ''
References
Board games introduced in 1988
TSR , Inc. games
The Municipality of Cerklje na Gorenjskem ( ; ) is a municipality in Slovenia . The seat of the municipality is the town of Cerklje na Gorenjskem .
Settlements
In addition to the municipal seat of Cerklje na Gorenjskem , the municipality also includes the following settlements :
Adergas
Ambrož pod Krvavcem
Apno
Cerkljanska Dobrava
Češnjevek
Dvorje
Glinje
Grad
Lahovče
Poženik
Praprotna Polica
Pšata
Pšenična Polica
Ravne
Šenturška Gora
Sidraž
Šmartno
Spodnji Brnik
Štefanja Gora
Stiška Vas
Sveti Lenart
Trata pri Velesovem
Vašca
Velesovo
Viševca
Vopovlje
Vrhovje
Zalog pri Cerkljah
Zgornji Brnik
Airport
Ljubljana Airport is located near the village of Zgornji Brnik in the municipality .
See also
Krvavec Ski Resort
References
External links
Municipality of Cerklje na Gorenjskem on Geopedia
Municipality of Cerklje na Gorenjskem official page
Cerklje na Gorenjskem
Cerklje na Gorenjskem
1994 establishments in Slovenia
Paul Moreira is a French journalist and documentary filmmaker . He is based in Paris , France . He has directed several investigative documentaries in conflict zones , including Iraq , Afghanistan , Burma , Palestine , Democratic Republic of Congo and Somalia .
Career
Paul Moreira has contributed to the emergence of investigative journalism on French television . In 1999 , in created `` 90 minutes '' on Canal plus , a European television network . The investigations of his team collected several prestigious French awards . Some of their films like the one about the murder disguised as suicide of Judge Borrel contributed to reopen criminal investigations . Following the success of the show and at the request of the management of Canal Plus , he created a weekly slot dedicated to investigative documentaries : Lundi Investigation .
Award-winning movies were commissioned and broadcast . Like `` Escadrons de la mort : l'école française '' by Marie Monique Robin . This film got the award of the political documentary of `` Audiovisual Club '' of French senate in 2003 , the best investigative film at FIGRA , award of merit from Latin American Studies Association .
In 2006 , Paul Moreira left Canal+ to create an independent TV production company , ( First Lines ) .
Since then , he has been developing a line of investigative and comprehensive films on global issues . He works on assignment for various French channels : Canal Plus , Arte , France Televisions , La Chaine Parlementaire . His films have been broadcast in most European countries as well as Canada , India , Singapore , Australia , Japan , Russia ...
In 2007 , he published an essay on journalism , public relations , war reporting at the embedment age and perception management .
Filmography ( selected works )
2003
`` In The Jungle of Baghdad '' : Looting and chaos that followed US forces invasion of Iraq . ( Canal+ )
2004
`` Baghdad : War of bombs '' : the fighting in Sadr City in September 2004 . ( Canal+ )
`` The Power of the Armed Rebels '' : meeting the young fighters who were challenging the Palestinian authority , among them Zakaria Zubeidi , head of Martyrs Brigades Al Aqsa in Jenin , then most wanted man for the Israel Defense Forces .
Award of the best feature story from the Club Audiovisuel de Paris in 2005 .
2007
`` Iraq : Agony of a Nation '' : At the height of the confessional strife in Baghdad , an investigation on the roots of the civil war . ( Canal+ )
Best documentary at the International Monte-Carlo Television Festival and best investigative film at Festival International du Grand Reportage d'Actualités ( FIGRA ) .
2008
`` Armes , trafic et raison d'état , '' a 90 minutes film on the flow of weapons pouring into Eastern Congo Arte TV , a French-German channel , co-directed by Paul Moreira and David Andre .
Investigative Award at FIGRA .
2009
`` Afghanistan : on the dollar trail '' , a 52 minutes documentary on corruption and embezzlement of humanitarian aid in Afghanistan .
Broadcast on Canal Plus , ABC Australia , NHK ( Japan ) , Russia Today , Al Jazeera , TVE ( Spain ) , Finland , Netherlands and others .
Investigative Award in FIGRA and selected for the first edition of Investigative Film Week in London .
2010
`` Burma : Resistance , Business and Nuclear Secrets '' : an undercover documentary in Myanmar that reveals how Alcatel-Shanghai-Bell , the Chinese branch of Alcatel , is helping the junta control the internet .
`` Coupables indulgences '' , `` Guilty indulgences '' , how the Catholic hierarchy protects pedophile priests
2011
`` Wikileaks : War , Lies and Videotape '' : an in-depth investigative documentary about Wikileaks .
First broadcast by La Chaine Parlementaire , the film was circulated worldwide .
Shown in the USA on Current TV and on Discovery Channel .
`` Bunker cities '' , a 52 minutes documentary about gated communities in Europe , Brazil and Iraq . ( Arte )
`` Toxic Somalia '' , an investigative film about the toxic waste dumped on Somalian coasts with rare access to pirates from Hobyo , children hospital in Mogadishu and Italian trafficking networks . ( Arte )
Special Award of the Jury at Ilaria Alpi Film Festival
2012
`` Tracked : Investigating digital arms dealers '' , western companies selling tracking devices to middle eastern dictatorships , Syria and Libya . ( Canal+ )
Selected at the London Investigative Film Week in January 2013
2013
`` Big Tobacco , Young Targets '' , a documentary about tobacco companies targeting children worldwide . ( Canal+ )
UK Premiere at the London Investigative Film Week in 2014
`` Journey through an invisible war '' , a 60 minutes film on the low intensity conflict between Israeli settlers and Palestinian in the West Bank . ( Canal Plus , Al Jazeera )
2014
`` Bientôt dans vos assiettes ( de gré ou de force ) '' , `` Soon on your plates ! ( By fair means or foul ... ) ''
`` In fifteen years , GMOs have profoundly disrupted production habits in the agricultural world . Agrochemical companies like Monsanto have given birth to varieties of soybeans and corn that are more resistant to pesticides . Side effects are noted by breeders and farmers . In Denmark , pig farmers have seen the appearance of a new disease , yellow death , a gastric disease that kills 30 % of animals . In Argentina , transgenic cultivation has increased the cultivable area by 65 % . The residents of these farms denounce massive pollution from pesticides . ''
2015
`` Danse avec le FN '' ,
`` I wanted to take a dangerous trip to the heart of the National Front . I did n't want to investigate their finances , nor prove their historical lineage to the more moldy far-right . Others did it much better than I did . The risk I wanted to take was to get so close to their new constituents that I could , that I was going to be their buddy . The risk of empathy '' — Paul Moreira
2016
`` Ukraine The Masks of the Revolution '' , a documentary about role of extreme right-wing paramilitary groups in Ukraine during and after the overthrow of the Yanukovych government , and especially in the violence in Odessa in May 2014 . FIPA ( Festival International des Programmes Audiovisuels ) included this documentary among its 2016 selections . The Ukrainian Embassy in France asked Canal+ to stop the screening of the film . The channel went ahead with the screening . Due to popular demand , the film was shown several more times on Canal+ . The film was also translated into several languages , and shown in other countries , such as Italy and Poland .
2018
`` Inside the Russian Info War Machine '' , how Russia manipulates public opinion , undermines democratic governments and attempts to alter world events .
`` Digital Addicts '' , Child mobile phone addiction , brain development , long-term damage
2019
`` Chocolate 's Heart of Darkness '' , Driving along the Ivory Coast - the region responsible for most of the production and export of cocoa - the filmmaking team encounter armed militias , a badly deteriorated forest reserve , and thousands of illegal cocoa plants . In one camp , a group of 40 immigrant men and children toil through the brush with machetes , engaging in a process that is both backbreaking and risky . The children spray poisonous pesticides without wearing masks or any other protective gear . Beyond documenting the environmental and human rights abuses , the filmmakers attempt to hold corporations accountable for their complicity .
2020
`` World 's Most Wanted ( Season 1 , Episode 1 ) : Ismael `` El Mayo '' Zambada Garcia : The Head of the Sinaloa Cartel ''
Civic involvement
Moreira heads the campaign Liberté d'Informer , a civic society movement to align the restrictive French law on the more transparent American Freedom of Information Act model . A petition has gathered nearly 6,000 signatures and a strong public interest .
References
External links
French journalists
Portuguese emigrants to France
1961 births
Living people
French male non-fiction writers
John Kasich presidential campaign may refer to :
John Kasich 2000 presidential campaign
John Kasich 2016 presidential campaign
The National Indigenous Australians Agency ( NIAA ) is an Australian Government agency responsible for whole-of-government coordination of policy development , program design , and service delivery for Aboriginal Australians and Torres Strait Islander people , who are grouped under the term Indigenous Australians .
Created in July 2019 , the Agency is responsible to the Minister for Indigenous Australians , Linda Burney and is an executive agency of the Department of the Prime Minister and Cabinet , replacing the Department 's Indigenous Affairs Group . The inaugural Chief Executive Officer is retired Vice Chief of the Defence Force , Ray Griggs , and Deputy CEO is Professor Ian Anderson PSM . Jody Broun is set to take on a five year role as CEO from 14 February 2022 .
History
The agency was first announced by Prime Minister Scott Morrison on the 26 May 2019 after the return of the Liberal-National Coalition to government at the 2019 Federal Election . Prime Minister Morrison announced a ministerial reshuffle and machinery of government changes which elevated Minister for Aged Care and Indigenous Health Wyatt into the Cabinet of Australia as the Minister for Indigenous Australians and the creation of the National Indigenous Australians Agency within the Department of the Prime Minister and Cabinet , replacing the Department 's Indigenous Affairs Group .
The National Indigenous Australians Agency was listed in the Commonwealth of Australia Gazette on the 29 May 2019 as the Order to Establish the National Indigenous Australians Agency as an Executive Agency under the Public Service Act 1999 to be formally established on the 1 July 2019 .
Governance and responsibilities
The National Indigenous Australians Agency is responsible to the Minister for Indigenous Australians and is an executive agency of the Department of the Prime Minister and Cabinet .
As outlined in the Order , the Agency is responsible for leading and coordinating policy development , program design and implementation and service delivery for Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people and providing advice to the Prime Minister and Minister for Indigenous Affairs on whole-of-government priorities . The agency is also responsible for the promotion of reconciliation , the Closing the Gap strategy , and monitoring and evaluation of programs .
Structure
The NIAA is led by a CEO , Jody Broun , and two Deputy CEOs each with distinct responsibilities . As of 2022 the NIAA is organised as follows :
See also
Indigenous Advisory Council
References
External links
Commonwealth Government agencies of Australia
Indigenous Australian politics
Organisations serving Indigenous Australians
Lalehabad ( ) may refer to :
Lalehabad , Sistan and Baluchestan
Lalehabad District , in Mazandaran Province
Lalehabad Rural District , in Mazandaran Province
Rebecca Bell ( born 1953 ) is an environmental educational specialist from Maryland , United States . Bell was a leader at bringing environmental issues to Maryland public school curriculum and has been honored as a Maryland Middle School Science Teacher of the Year . She has worked for the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration 's Teacher at Sea program which works with scientists to monitor changes in ecosystems . In 2008 , she served on the Delaware II , supporting NOAA and their research around long-term ecosystem trends . Bell also serves on Maryland Governor Martin O'Malley 's Climate Change Commission .
In 2009 she was designated Women 's History Month Honoree by the National Women 's History Project .
References
1953 births
Educators from Maryland
American women educators
American environmentalists
American women environmentalists
Activists from Maryland
Living people
21st-century American women
Ali Vali ( Persian : علی والی , born 19 October 1950 ) is a retired Iranian heavyweight weightlifter who won gold medals at the 1971 Asian Championships and 1974 Asian Games . He also competed at the 1976 Summer Olympics , but failed to complete the clean and jerk event .
References
1950 births
Living people
Iranian male weightlifters
Olympic weightlifters of Iran
Weightlifters at the 1976 Summer Olympics
Asian Games gold medalists for Iran
Asian Games silver medalists for Iran
Asian Games medalists in weightlifting
Weightlifters at the 1974 Asian Games
Medalists at the 1974 Asian Games
Teasdale Corrie ( ) is a cirque about 2,000 ft east-west and 1,500 ft north-south , situated about 1,600 ft north-northeast of Cinder Spur , Antarctica . It is backed on its north flank by the high rocky crags of Dunikowski Ridge . The cirque , erroneously believed to be a volcanic vent , was exposed by recent glacial retreat . It contains a series of small lakes near the south margin , which are fed by seasonal meltwater . Named for Andrew Teasdale ( b . 1966 ) , British Antarctic Survey Field Assistant to Dr. J.L . Smellie for the duration of the January to April 1996 field season .
Cirques of Antarctica
Landforms of the South Shetland Islands
Kavacık is a village in the Burdur district of Burdur Province in Turkey .
References
Villages in Burdur District
It 's About Pride is the tenth album by American southern rock band Outlaws , released on September 25 , 2012 . ( See 2012 in music ) .
Track listing
`` Tomorrow 's Another Night '' ( H. Paul ) – 4:18
`` Hidin ' Out in Tennessee '' ( H. Paul , B. Crain ) – 4:07
`` It 's About Pride '' ( H. Paul ) – 7:10
`` Born To Be Bad '' ( B. Crain , H. Paul ) – 5:19
`` Last Ghost Town '' ( B. Crain ) – 3:34
`` Nothin ' Main About Main Street '' ( H. Paul , B. Crain , T. Hambridge ) – 5:35
`` The Flame '' ( B. Crain , H. Paul , C. Anderson ) – 4:29
`` Trail of Tears '' ( C. Anderson ) – 3:47
`` Right Where I Belong '' ( B. Crain , H. Paul , D. Robbins ) – 4:15
`` Alex 's Song '' ( H. Paul , B. Crain ) – 3:38
`` Trouble Rides A Fast Horse '' ( H. Paul , B. Crain , M. Curb ) – 5:22
`` So Long '' ( H. Paul ) – 5:52
Personnel
Henry Paul – guitars , lead vocals
Monte Yoho – drums
Billy Crain – guitars , harmony vocals
Chris Anderson – guitars , lead and harmony vocals
Randy Threet – bass , lead and harmony vocals
Dave Robbins – keyboards , harmony vocals
Additional Musicians
Joe Lala – percussion
Production
Producers : Michael Bush & Henry Paul
Engineers : Jesse Poe , Michael Bush
Mixing : Michael Bush
Design : Good & Evil Design
Photo : John Gellman
References
2012 albums
The Woodlark Plate is a small tectonic plate located in the eastern half of the island of New Guinea . It subducts beneath the Caroline plate along its northern border while the Maoke Plate converges on the west , the Australian plate converges on the south , and on the east an undefined compressive zone which may be a transform fault marking the boundary with the adjoining Solomon Sea Plate .
It also contacts the South Bismarck Plate due northeast .
See also
References
Tectonic plates
Geology of the Pacific Ocean
Footpads is an 1895 British short silent drama film , directed by Robert W. Paul , featuring a top-hatted pedestrian against a rainy London backdrop , who is assaulted by three footpads and rescued by a passing policeman . The `` atmospheric '' film , `` is chiefly of interest for its imaginative approach to background décor , '' where according to Michael Brooke of BFI Screenonline , `` some effort has been made towards establishing a sense of realism . '' Roland-François Lack of University College London points out that this painted backdrop looks like `` a hybrid of Trafalgar Square , with its electric advertisement for Bovril , and Piccadilly Circus , with the advertisement for Mellin 's Food '' , but has discovered that it in fact represents Ludgate Circus .
References
External links
1890s British films
British black-and-white films
British crime drama films
British silent short films
Films set in London
1890s crime drama films
1895 short films
Films directed by Robert W. Paul
Silent drama films
Rud Barak ( , also Romanized as Rūd Bārak and Rūd-e Bārak ) is a village in Asgariyeh Rural District , in the Central District of Pishva County , Tehran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 324 , in 74 families .
References
Populated places in Pishva County
Granite County is a county located in the U.S. state of Montana . As of the 2020 census , the population was 3,309 . Its county seat is Philipsburg . The county was founded in 1893 , and was named for a mountain which contains the Granite Mountain silver mine .
Geography
According to the United States Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 0.3 % ) is water .
Major highways
Interstate 90
U.S. Highway 10 ( Former )
U.S. Highway 12
Montana Highway 1
Montana Highway 38
Adjacent counties
Missoula County - north
Powell County - east
Deer Lodge County - south
Ravalli County - west
National protected areas
Deerlodge National Forest ( part )
Lolo National Forest ( part )
Politics
Demographics
2000 census
As of the 2000 United States census , there were 2,830 people , 1,200 households , and 784 families living in the county . The population density was 2 people per square mile ( 1/km2 ) . There were 2,074 housing units at an average density of 1 per square mile ( 0/km2 ) . The racial makeup of the county was 96.25 % White , 1.27 % Native American , 0.14 % Asian , 0.04 % Pacific Islander , 0.46 % from other races , and 1.84 % from two or more races . 1.27 % of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race . 17.8 % were of German , 13.5 % English , 13.1 % Irish , 8.3 % American and 7.2 % Norwegian ancestry .
There were 1,200 households , out of which 27.10 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 54.70 % were married couples living together , 7.40 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 34.60 % were non-families . 30.10 % of all households were made up of individuals , and 12.30 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older . The average household size was 2.33 and the average family size was 2.91 .
The county population contained 24.20 % under the age of 18 , 5.70 % from 18 to 24 , 23.30 % from 25 to 44 , 30.80 % from 45 to 64 , and 15.90 % who were 65 years of age or older . The median age was 43 years . For every 100 females there were 105.10 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 102.60 males .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 27,813 , and the median income for a family was $ 33,485 . Males had a median income of $ 26,250 versus $ 17,961 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 16,636 . About 13.90 % of families and 16.80 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 24.20 % of those under age 18 and 8.50 % of those age 65 or over .
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States census , there were 3,079 people , 1,417 households , and 911 families living in the county . The population density was . There were 2,822 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 97.5 % white , 0.4 % American Indian , 0.1 % black or African American , 0.1 % Asian , 0.2 % from other races , and 1.7 % from two or more races . Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 1.4 % of the population . In terms of ancestry , 26.2 % were German , 20.2 % were Irish , 18.8 % were English , 13.5 % were Norwegian , and 7.9 % were American .
Of the 1,417 households , 19.6 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 55.3 % were married couples living together , 5.7 % had a female householder with no husband present , 35.7 % were non-families , and 29.5 % of all households were made up of individuals . The average household size was 2.14 and the average family size was 2.63 . The median age was 52.1 years .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 36,052 and the median income for a family was $ 47,685 . Males had a median income of $ 41,307 versus $ 23,958 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 23,222 . About 7.5 % of families and 12.1 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 5.4 % of those under age 18 and 13.3 % of those age 65 or over .
Communities
Towns
Drummond
Philipsburg ( county seat )
Census-designated places
Maxville
Unincorporated communities
Beartown
Hall
New Chicago
Quigley
Princeton
Sherryl
Stone
Ghost Towns
Bearmouth
Garnet
Granite
Nimrod
See also
List of lakes in Granite County , Montana
List of mountains in Granite County , Montana
National Register of Historic Places listings in Granite County , Montana
References
Further reading
Loen , J.S. , M.J. Blaskowski , and J.E . Elliott . ( 1989 ) . Geology and mineral deposits of the Miners Gulch Area , Granite County , Montana [ U.S. Geological Survey Bulletin 1791 ] . Washington , D.C. : U.S. Department of the Interior , U.S. Geological Survey .
1893 establishments in Montana
Populated places established in 1893
Kawa Township ( ) . is a township in Bago District in the Bago Region of Myanmar . The principal town is Kawa . It is located in the east banner of Bago River and south of Bago . Kawa has 93 villages . Kawa is between Sittaung River and Bago river . The places near the river produce salts . The popular product of Kawa is Kawa Bag ( ) .
Localities
Hti Tan
Mu Du
Neik Ban
Nyaung Waing
Tha Pyay Kan
References
Townships of the Bago Region
Bago District
The Ladies Merit Cross ( Frauenverdienstkreuz ) was founded on 22 October 1907 by King William II of Prussia as a two-class Ladies Order and to reward women and young women , who worked in the field of charity , or in a religious or social field , who rendered outstanding had personal self-sacrificing service . The award was ranked just behind the Order of Louise . To be awarded the first class , a member must have held the second class for ten years . In exceptional cases , this requirement could be waived . The insignia were returnable upon death .
Description of the award
The badge is made of gold in the first class and of silver for the second class medallion . In the center is a cross fleury with stylized cornflowers between the arms of the cross . The medallion is framed by a string of pearls and is surmounted by a crown . On the edge of the medallion is the blue enameled inscription FÜR VERDIENSTE ( For Merit ) . On the lower half of the edge are laurel branches flanking the intertwined letters AV ( Augusta Victoria ) . The insignia of the order was worn on a white bow on the left chest .
References
Preußische Gesetzsammlung 1907 , S. 281 .
Jörg Nimmergut : Deutsche Orden und Ehrenzeichen bis 1945 . Band 2 . Limburg – Reuss . Zentralstelle für wissenschaftliche Ordenskunde , München 1997 , .
Orders , decorations , and medals of Prussia
Orders of chivalry of Germany
Kingdom of Prussia
1907 establishments in Germany
Awards established in 1907
The Renault Clio Cup United Kingdom was an entry level One-make , Touring car racing motor sport category and the current name in the long history of Renault one-make cups in the UK . It currently attracts drivers from across the United Kingdom to compete along with several drivers for European countries . The championship has been run to various regulations over the years , and can trace its history back to 1974 . Several former drivers have become successful in other Touring car racing formulae , including Andy Priaulx , who went on to become multiple World Touring Car Championship champion and Jason Plato who is multiple British Touring Car Championship champion . The championship currently runs on the support package of the British Touring Car Championship . The current series promoter is the British Automobile Racing Club , after previously being the promoter from 1974 to 2011 . Prior to this , SRO promoted the series in 2012 . The UK Clio Cup is to leave as a BTCC-support series and replace the Mini Challenge in supporting the 2020 British GT Championship , with the Mini Challenge taking the Clio Cup 's spot .
History
Renault has a long history of One-make racing in the UK and the series can trace its root back as far as 1974 , when drivers competed in Renault 5 TL 's . The championship continued with various other models of the Renault 5 including the Renault 5 TS between 1978 ? –1979 ? and the Renault 5 GT Turbo between 1987 ? –1990 . When the Renault 5 was replaced with the Mark I Renault Clio , the championship switched too , using the Mark I between 1991 and 1995 . The Renault Sport Spider roadster was used between 1996 and 1999 before returning to the Clio , this time utilizing the newer Renault Sport versions . In 2000 and 2001 , the series used the Clio Renaultsport 172 , followed by the Clio Renaultsport 182 between 2002 and 2006 . Between 2007 and 2009 , the Clio Renaultsport 197 was used . This was replaced partway through the 2009 season with the latest Clio Renaultsport 200 , which is currently used . However , from the 2014 season , the new Clio Renaultsport 200 Turbo race car will be used for the British championship .
Historically , the championship has been run using the tires from the French manufacturer Michelin . However , from 2013 , tires for the championship will be supplied be Dunlop who also supply tires to other championships on the TOCA package , including the BTCC
The series ' past champion winners includes Andy Priaulx , Jason Plato and Tom Onslow-Cole . Other than that , past drivers of the series that were notable outside of racing were Andrew Ridgeley of the pop group Wham ! in 1985 and it introduced actor Rowan Atkinson to motorsport , which he raced seldom between 1984 and 1990 . One of his races was documented for his one-off show , Driven Man . The car has since re-emerged for a reunion race in 2004 , which he aimed to compete in , but had to be substituted by Perry McCarthy , due to illness . Atkinson bought the car following the race and was auctioned off in a Bonhams auction in 2005 .
Championship format
The championship currently has 16 races held at eight double header rounds at circuits across England . The series supports the British Touring Car Championship at eight of its ten rounds . In 2012 , Brands Hatch held two rounds of the championship , whilst Donington Park , Thruxton , Oulton Park , Snetterton , Rockingham and Sliverstone each held one round . In the past , the series has also formed part of the support package for the British rounds of the World Series by Renault .
On a race weekend , the drivers have a 30-minute qualifying session , with the fastest times setting the grid for race one and their second fastest times setting the race 2 grids . Races are held over a minimum of 30 miles .
Current points system
Points are awarded to the top 20 drivers in each race as well as the driver ( s ) setting the fastest lap using the following system :
Champions
— In 2009 , for the first half of the season , drivers used the Clio Renaultsport 197 . For the second half , drivers used the Clio Renaultsport 200 .
Other UK Championships
When the British Automobile Racing Club returned as Clio Cup UK series promoter in December 2012 , they set out their plans for the national championship for the next two years . With the announcement that the current Clio Renaultsport 200 race car will be replaced from 2014 season , Renault UK and the BARC announced a new entry level series to be known as the Michelin Clio Cup Series with Protyre . This championship , which will begin in 2013 , is aimed at amateur and track day drivers and will use the current Clio Renaultsport 200 as well as the previous generation Clio Renaultsport 197 . A four-round , double header calendar was also announced for 2013 , visiting four of the UK 's top racing circuits . From 2017 onwards , there will be a junior edition of the Renault Clio Cup for young drivers aged 14–17 .
See also
Other Renault Clio Cup championships
World Series by Renault
Renault Sport
References
External links
Renault Sport Clio Cup UK
United Kingdom
Auto racing series in the United Kingdom
One-make series
The 1944 Washington Senators won 64 games , lost 90 , and finished in eighth place in the American League . They were managed by Ossie Bluege and played home games at Griffith Stadium .
Regular season
Season standings
Record vs. opponents
Roster
Player stats
Batting
Starters by position
Note : Pos = Position ; G = Games played ; AB = At bats ; H = Hits ; Avg . = Batting average ; HR = Home runs ; RBI = Runs batted in
Other batters
Note : G = Games played ; AB = At bats ; H = Hits ; Avg . = Batting average ; HR = Home runs ; RBI = Runs batted in
Pitching
Starting pitchers
Note : G = Games pitched ; IP = Innings pitched ; W = Wins ; L = Losses ; ERA = Earned run average ; SO = Strikeouts
Other pitchers
Note : G = Games pitched ; IP = Innings pitched ; W = Wins ; L = Losses ; ERA = Earned run average ; SO = Strikeouts
Relief pitchers
Note : G = Games pitched ; W = Wins ; L = Losses ; SV = Saves ; ERA = Earned run average ; SO = Strikeouts
Farm system
References
External links
1944 Washington Senators at Baseball-Reference
1944 Washington Senators team page at www.baseball-almanac.com
Minnesota Twins seasons
Washington Senators season
Washington
Old Collegians may refer to former pupils of various colleges .
It may also refer to clubs associated with old pupils of a college , such as :
Old Collegians Rugby Club , a rugby union club in Adelaide , South Australia
Scotch Old Collegians Football Club , an Australian rules football club in South Australia
St Patrick 's Old Collegians Football Club , an Australian rules football Club in Tasmania
See also
Collegian ( disambiguation )
Never Again as Before ( ) is a 2005 Italian coming of age drama film produced , written and directed by Giacomo Campiotti .
The film was nominated for the David of the Youth at the 2006 David di Donatello Awards , while the theme song `` Warriors of Light/Sei o non sei dei '' was nominated for Silver Ribbon for best song .
Plot
Six schoolmates , after the high school exams , decide to leave together for a holiday in the Dolomites , in what will probably be their last summer together before they probably never see each other again . The group consists of Enrico , the creator of the holiday and the group 's glue ; Max , a disabled boy suffocated by oppressive parents ; Lorenzo , a musician who dreams the fame ; Giulia , Lorenzo 's girlfriend , reluctant to leave ; Martina , the other girl in the group , secretly in love with Lorenzo ; Cesare , an extravagant boy with a punk style and rough , but with a gold heart .
The six during the stay in the mountains will learn to know themselves and others better , facing and trying to overcome their fears , binding even more between them . And together they will also overcome the tragedy - the death of Enrico during a climb - which troubles the adventure and loosens the bond around the group , so as to arrive united at the end of that summer , after which nothing will be never again as before .
Cast
Natalia Piatti as Martina
Marco Velluti as Lorenzo
Federico Battilocchio as Cesare , aka Fava
Nicola Cipolla as Max
Laura Chiatti as Giulia
Marco Casu as Enrico
Francesco Salvi as Enrico 's Father
Lunetta Savino as Cesare 's Mother
Emanuela Grimalda as Martina 's Mother
Pino Quartullo as Lorenzo 's Father
Mariella Valentini as Giulia 's Mother
Lidia Broccolino as Max 's Mother
Marco Gambino as Max 's Father
Fabio Sartor as Giulia 's Father
See also
List of Italian films of 2005
References
External links
2005 films
2000s coming-of-age drama films
Italian coming-of-age drama films
Films directed by Giacomo Campiotti
2005 drama films
2000s Italian films
Jean-Pierre Limosin ( ; born 1949 ) is a French film director and screenwriter . He has directed seven films since 1983 . His film Tokyo Eyes was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1998 Cannes Film Festival .
Filmography
Faux fuyants ( 1983 )
Gardien de la nuit ( 1986 )
L'autre nuit ( 1988 )
Tokyo Eyes ( 1998 )
Novo ( 2002 )
Carmen ( 2005 )
Young Yakuza ( 2007 )
References
External links
1949 births
Living people
French film directors
French male screenwriters
French screenwriters
The 2014 Rakuten Japan Open Tennis Championships was a men 's tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts . It was the 41st edition of the event known this year as the Rakuten Japan Open Tennis Championships , and part of the 500 Series of the 2014 ATP World Tour . It was held at the Ariake Coliseum in Tokyo , Japan , from September 29 till October 5 , 2014 .
Points and prize money
Point distribution
Prize money
Singles main-draw entrants
Seeds
1 Rankings are as of September 22 , 2014 .
Other entrants
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw :
Taro Daniel
Tatsuma Ito
Go Soeda
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw :
Pierre-Hugues Herbert
Hiroki Moriya
Michał Przysiężny
Rajeev Ram
Withdrawals
Before the tournament
Juan Martín del Potro ( wrist injury )
Lleyton Hewitt
Gaël Monfils
Benoît Paire
Radek Štěpánek
Retirements
Roberto Bautista Agut ( quad strain )
Jarkko Nieminen ( hip injury )
Édouard Roger-Vasselin ( fatigue )
Doubles main-draw entrants
Seeds
Rankings are as of September 22 , 2014
Other entrants
The following pairs received wildcards into the doubles main draw :
Tatsuma Ito / Go Soeda
Kei Nishikori / Yasutaka Uchiyama
The following pair received entry from the qualifying draw :
Jamie Delgado / Gilles Müller
The following pair received entry as lucky losers :
Pierre-Hugues Herbert / Michał Przysiężny
Withdrawals
Before the tournament
Jo-Wilfried Tsonga ( stomach virus )
During the tournament
Kei Nishikori ( hip injury )
Champions
Singles
Kei Nishikori defeated Milos Raonic , 7–6 ( 7–5 ) , 4–6 , 6–4
Doubles
Pierre-Hugues Herbert / Michał Przysiężny defeated Ivan Dodig / Marcelo Melo , 6–3 , 6–7 ( 3–7 ) , [ 10–5 ]
References
External links
Rakuten Japan Open Tennis Championships
Japan Open ( tennis )
Rakuten Japan Open Tennis Championships
Rakuten Japan Open Tennis Championships
Rakuten Japan Open Tennis Championships
Rakuten Japan Open Tennis Championships
Ruth Marion Lynden-Bell , FRS ( born 7 December 1937 ) is a British chemist , emeritus professor of Queen 's University Belfast and the University of Cambridge , and acting President of Murray Edwards College , Cambridge from 2011 to 2013 .
Education
Ruth Lynden-Bell began her education at King Edward VI High School for Girls , Birmingham . She subsequently studied at Newnham College , Cambridge ( BA 1959 , PhD 1962 ) and studied under Norman Sheppard . She briefly studied under the direction of Harden M. McConnell at California Institute of Technology in 1961 . Then she became a lecturer in chemistry at the University of Sussex in 1965 , and returned to Cambridge in 1972 .
In 1995 , she moved to Queen 's University Belfast as a co-founder of the interdisciplinary Atomistic Simulation Group ( now the Atomistic Simulation Centre ) . She was elected to the Royal Society in 2006 and was awarded a Leverhulme Emeritus Fellowship in 2003 .
Research
Lynden-Bell researches atomistic simulation to investigate the properties of liquids . She is an Emerita Fellow of New Hall , Cambridge ( now Murray Edwards College , Cambridge ) , and was an Associate of Newnham College , Cambridge . She was acting President of Murray Edwards College from January to December 2012 . She has served on the editorial boards of the Journal of Chemical Physics , Chemical Physics Letters and Science and was an editor of Molecular Physics from 1998 to 2003 , as well as having been a member of Boards of Electors to Professorial positions in Sweden , the Republic of Ireland , and Oxford and Cambridge Universities . She was a Professor in the School of Mathematics and Physics at Queen 's and still collaborates on research .
Personal life
She was the daughter of David and Priscilla Truscott . Priscilla was the sister of Francis Skinner . Lynden-Bell married the astronomer Donald Lynden-Bell in 1961 , then a researcher at Caltech ; she joined him in California , then moved with him to Cambridge in 1962 , to Sussex in 1964 , and back to Cambridge in 1972 . They had one son and one daughter .
Ruth Lynden-Bell had her first child while at University of Sussex lecturing in a half-time position . She found that being an experimental spectroscopic chemist was highly conducive to her expectations as a mother . Her advice to women in the field is : 1 . ) '' do n't be afraid to ask for things such as part time work . Apart from the Belfast job , every job I got was by asking for it '' , and 2 . ) `` when opportunities arise take them , it 's worth trying . I never imagined going to Belfast '' .
Bell 's professional and personal life is featured in the Royal Society of Chemistry 's book Parent Carer Scientist .
Awards
She received an honorary doctorate from Queen 's University Belfast in 2009 and was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in 2006 .
References
Female Fellows of the Royal Society
Living people
British chemists
Place of birth missing ( living people )
1937 births
Presidents of Murray Edwards College , Cambridge
Academics of Queen 's University Belfast
Alumni of Newnham College , Cambridge
Academics of the University of Sussex
Fellows of New Hall , Cambridge
Academics of the University of Cambridge
Fellows of Murray Edwards College , Cambridge
Fellows of the Royal Society
Blepharipoda occidentalis , the spiny sand crab or spiny mole crab , is a species of sand crab or mole crab which lives in the eastern Pacific Ocean , from Central California to Baja California . It is oval in shape , growing up to long and wide . It lives on sandy beaches up to underwater , and feeds on the remains of other sand crabs that live in the area .
References
Hippoidea
Crustaceans of the eastern Pacific Ocean
Crustaceans described in 1840
Pyay Township or Prome Township is a township in Pyay District in the Bago Region of Burma . The principal town is Pyay .
References
Townships of the Bago Region
Pyay District
William A. Fagan ( February 15 , 1869 – March 21 , 1930 ) , nicknamed `` Clinkers '' , was an American baseball player who played for the New York Metropolitans and the Kansas City Cowboys from 1887 to 1888 .
External links
1869 births
1930 deaths
Major League Baseball pitchers
New York Metropolitans players
Kansas City Cowboys players
19th-century baseball players
Albany Senators players
Lynn Lions players
Troy Trojans ( minor league ) players
Denver Grizzlies ( baseball ) players
Denver Mountaineers players
Des Moines Prohibitionists players
Omaha Omahogs players
Omaha Lambs players
Rochester Flour Cities players
Harrisburg Ponies players
Scranton Indians players
Lebanon Pretzel Eaters players
Baseball players from New York ( state )
Burials at St. Agnes Cemetery
The history of Vanuatu spans over 3,200 years .
Premodern history
The pre-European history of Vanuatu can be reconstructed by combining insights from linguistics ( particularly historical linguistics ) , anthropology , archaeology and human genetics .
Archaeological evidence supports that peoples speaking Austronesian languages first came to the islands some 3,300 years ago . Pottery fragments have been found dating back to 1300 BC .
The first inhabitants of Vanuatu were carriers of the Lapita culture , speakers of the Proto Oceanic language . That first wave of migration was likely followed , about 500 BC , by a second wave of Melanesian populations .
Around the 13th century AD , one important king was Roy Mata , who united several tribes in central Vanuatu . He was buried in a large mound with several retainers – a place which is now one of the UNESCO World Heritage Sites . The memory of Roy Mata is still told today in oral histories and legends .
European contact
The Vanuatu group of islands first had contact with Europeans in 1606 , when the Portuguese explorer Pedro Fernandes de Queirós , sailing for the Spanish Crown , arrived on the largest island and called the group of islands La Austrialia del Espiritu Santo or `` The Southern Land of the Holy Spirit '' , believing he had arrived in Terra Australis or Australia . The Spanish established a short-lived settlement at Big Bay on the north side of the island . The name Espiritu Santo remains to this day .
Europeans did not return until 1768 , when Louis Antoine de Bougainville visited the islands , naming them the Great Cyclades . In 1774 , Captain Cook named the islands the New Hebrides , a name that lasted until independence .
In 1825 , trader Peter Dillon 's discovery of sandalwood on the island of Erromango began a rush that ended in 1830 after a clash between immigrant Polynesian workers and indigenous Melanesians . During the 1860s , planters in Australia , Fiji , New Caledonia , and the Samoan Islands , in need of labourers , orchestrated a long-term indentured labour trade known as `` blackbirding '' . At the height of the blackbirding , more than one-half the adult male population of several of the islands worked abroad . Fragmentary evidence indicates that the current population of Vanuatu is greatly reduced compared to pre-contact times .
It was at this time that missionaries , both Roman Catholic and Protestant , arrived on the islands . For example , John Geddie , a Scots-Canadian presbyterian missionary , arrived at the island of Aneityum in 1848 ; he spent the rest of his life there , working to convert the inhabitants to Christianity and western ways . John Gibson Paton was a Scottish missionary who devoted his life to the region .
Settlers also came , looking for land on which to establish cotton plantations . When international cotton prices collapsed , they switched to coffee , cocoa , bananas , and , most successfully , coconuts . Initially , British subjects from Australia made up the majority , but the establishment of the Compagnie Caledonienne des Nouvelles Hebrides ( Caledonian Company of the New Hebrides ) by John Higginson in 1882 soon tipped the balance in favour of French subjects . By around the start of the 20th century , the French outnumbered the British two to one .
Franceville
The municipality of Franceville ( present-day Port Vila ) on Efate was established during this period . In 1878 Britain and France declared all of the New Hebrides to be neutral territory , but the lack of a functional government led to rising discontent among British and French colonists . The French were especially inconvenienced because French law recognized marriages only when contracted under a civil authority ( the nearest being in New Caledonia ) , whereas British law recognized marriages conducted by local clergy ( the nearest being in Fiji ) . In 1887 both nations created an Anglo-French Joint Naval Commission to defend their citizens . On 9 August 1889 , Franceville declared itself independent under the leadership of mayor/president Ferdinand Chevillard and with its own red , white and blue flag with five stars . This community became the first self-governing nation to practice universal suffrage without distinction of sex or race . Although the district 's population at the time consisted of about 500 natives and fewer than 50 whites , only the latter were permitted to hold office . One of its elected presidents was a U.S. citizen by birth , R. D. Polk .
Condominium
The jumbling of French and British interests in the islands brought petitions for one or another of the two powers to annex the territory . The Convention of 16 October 1887 established a joint naval commission for the sole purpose of protecting French and British citizens , but claimed no jurisdiction over internal native affairs .
In 1906 , however , France and the United Kingdom agreed to administer the islands jointly . Called the British-French Condominium , it was a unique form of government , with separate governmental systems that came together only in a joint court . The condominium 's authority was extended in the Anglo-French Protocol of 1914 , although this was not formally ratified until 1922 . Melanesians were barred from acquiring the citizenship of either power and were officially stateless ; to travel abroad they needed an identity document signed by both the British and French resident commissioners .
Many called the condominium the `` Pandemonium '' because of the duplication of laws , police forces , prisons , currencies , education and health systems .
Overseas visitors could choose between British law , which was considered stricter but with more humane prisons , or French law , which was considered less strict , but with much worse prison conditions .
In their book , Vanuatu by Jocelyn Harewood and Michelle Bennett , is this memorable passage referring to the 1920s : `` Drunken plantation owners used to gamble ... using the 'years of labour ' of their Melanesian workers as currency . Islanders used to be lined up against the wall , at the mercy of their employers ' dice . Long after America 's Wild West was tamed , Vila was the scene of the occasional gunfight and public guillotining . ''
Starting in 1921 , French plantation owners let Annamese workers from the Gulf of Tonkin come to the New Hebrides under 5 years contracts . They were 437 in 1923 , 5413 in 1930 , then after the crisis 1630 in 1937 . There was some social and political unrest among them in 1947 . In 1949 the plantation owners wished to replace Annamese by `` more docile '' Javanese . However , a French scholar suggested in 1950 a renewal of Annamese migration , but this time as settlers in villages of their own . A proposal because `` It is difficult , indeed , to count on the natives . They live ( ... ) a still wild life '' .
Challenges to this form of government began in the early 1940s . During the Second World War , approximately 10,000 Ni-Vanuatu men served in the Vanuatu Labor Corps , a labor battalion of the United States Armed Forces at Espiritu Santo Naval Base . They provided logistical support to the Allied war effort during the Guadalcanal Campaign . The mass participation of Ni-Vanuatu men in the Labor Corps had a significant effect on the John Frum movement , giving it the characteristics of a cargo cult . Today , John Frum is both a religion and a political party with a member in Parliament .
Decolonisation
Perhaps the final political impetus towards independence was the central issue of land ownership which arose during the 1960s . The ancient customs of the Ni-Vanuatu meant that land was held in trust for future generations by the current custodians ; Europeans viewed it more as a commodity and owned about 30 % of the land area . This European-held land had been mostly cleared for coconut production , but when they began clearing more land for coconut production , protests began in both Santo and Malekula led by Jimmy Stevens and his kastom movement called `` Nagriamel '' .
In the 1960s France opposed Britain 's desire to de-colonize the New Hebrides , fearing that the independence sentiment would be contagious in their mineral-rich colonial possessions in French New Caledonia .
The first political party was established in the early 1970s and originally was called the New Hebrides National Party . One of the founders was Walter Lini , an Anglican Priest , who later became prime minister . Renamed the Vanua'aku Party in 1974 , the party pushed for independence . A Representative Assembly was created in 1975 but dissolved in 1977 after demands for the elimination of government-appointees and immediate independence . In 1979 foreign owners were dispossessed and received compensation from their own governments and a date was set for full independence .
France was unhappy . Significant rebellions occurred on Tanna and Espiritu Santo and paperwork revealed the direct culpability of France in its desire to see Espiritu Santo become a separate French colony . Philippe Allonneau , the French representative , even succeeded in being recognized as King of Espiritu Santo by the island 's tribal chiefs .
`` Coconut War ''
Beginning in June 1980 , Jimmy Stevens , head of the Nagriamel movement , led an uprising against the colonial officials and the plans for independence . The uprising lasted about 12 weeks . The rebels blockaded Santo-Pekoa International Airport , destroyed two bridges , and declared the independence of Espiritu Santo island as the `` State of Vemerana '' . Stevens was supported by French-speaking landowners and by the Phoenix Foundation , an American business foundation that supported the establishment of a libertarian tax haven in the New Hebrides .
On 8 June 1980 , the New Hebrides government asked Britain and France to send troops to put down a rebellion on the island of Espiritu Santo . France refused to allow the United Kingdom to deploy troops to defuse the crisis , and French soldiers stationed on Espiritu Santo took no action . As independence day neared , the Prime Minister-elect , Walter Lini , asked Papua New Guinea if it would send troops to intervene . As Papua New Guinean soldiers began arriving in Espiritu Santo , the foreign press began referring to the ongoing events as the `` Coconut War '' .
However , the `` war '' was brief and unconventional . The residents of Espiritu Santo generally welcomed the Papua New Guineans as fellow Melanesians . Stevens ' followers were armed with only bows and arrows , rocks , and slings . There were few casualties , and the war came to a sudden end : when a vehicle carrying Stevens ' son burst through a Papua New Guinean roadblock in late August 1980 , the soldiers opened fire on the vehicle , killing Stevens ' son . Shortly thereafter , Jimmy Stevens surrendered , stating that he had never intended that anyone be harmed .
At Stevens ' trial , the support of the Phoenix Foundation to the Nagriamel movement was revealed . It was also revealed that the French government had secretly supported Stevens in his efforts . Stevens was sentenced to 14 years ' imprisonment ; he remained in prison until 1991 .
Independent Vanuatu
On 30 July 1980 , amidst the brief Coconut War , the Republic of Vanuatu was created .
Since independence , only kastom owners and the government can own land ; foreigners and other islanders who are not kastom owners can lease land only for the productive life of a coconut palm - 75 years .
During the 1990s , Vanuatu experienced a period of political instability which resulted in a more decentralised government . The Vanuatu Mobile Force , a paramilitary group , attempted a coup in 1996 because of a pay dispute . There were allegations of corruption in the government of Maxime Carlot Korman . New elections have been held several times since 1997 , most recently in 2016 .
See also
Condominium ( international law )
Franceville , New Hebrides
New Hebrides
References
Bibliography
External links
Vanuatu `` Colonial History ''
Vanuatu election timeline 1979-2016
The Virginia Smart Road , also known as simply the Smart Road or Smart Highway , is a short , limited access road in Montgomery County , Virginia , used for the testing of pavement technologies and as a proving ground for new transportation technologies . The Smart Road is currently a stretch of road with turn-around loops at either end . Eventually , the road will be extended to a total of , which will directly connect U.S. Route 460 in Blacksburg to Interstate 81 with an interchange near mile marker 121 ; however , there is no set time frame for completion . The Wilson Creek Bridge was built for the Smart Road and , at tall , is the second tallest bridge in Virginia . The road and bridge are operated and maintained by the Virginia Department of Transportation . It is also part of the Proposed Interstate 73 Corridor .
Features
Smart Road features and operations include , but are not limited to :
A 2.2-mile , controlled-access test track built to interstate standards
Two paved lanes
Three bridges , including the Smart Road Bridge ( the second tallest state-maintained bridge in Virginia )
Full-time staff that coordinate all road activities
24/7 access control and oversight
Centralized communications
Lighting and weather system controls
Safety assurance and surveillance
Fourteen pavement sections , including an open-grade friction course
In-pavement sensors ( e.g. , moisture , temperature , strain , vibration , weigh-in-motion )
Zero-crown pavement section designed for flooded pavement testing
An American Association of State Highway and Transportation Officials ( AASHTO ) -designated surface friction testing facility
Seventy-five weather-making towers accessible on crowned and zero-crown pavement sections
Artificial snow production of up to four inches per hour ( based on suitable weather conditions )
Production of differing intensities of rain with varying droplet sizes
Fog production
Two weather stations with official National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration ( NOAA ) weather available within one mile
Variable pole spacing designed to replicate 95 percent of national highway systems
Multiple luminaire heads , including light-emitting diode ( LED ) modules
A wireless mesh network variable control ( i.e. , luminaire dimming )
A high-bandwidth fiber network
A differential GPS base station
Complete signal phase and timing ( SPaT ) using remote controls
Wide shoulders for safe maneuvering during experimental testing
Segments
In 1994 , VDOT unveiled two alternate routes for the Smart Road partially to avoid smooth purple coneflower populations in Ellett Valley .
References
External links
Virginia Smart Road
Virginia Tech Transportation Institute
Virginia Department of Transportation
Transportation in Montgomery County , Virginia
Virginia Tech
Roads in Virginia
Transportation engineering
Intelligent transportation systems
Thala Island ( ) is the southern of two small , rocky islands lying just off the northwest edge of Davis Ice Piedmont , along the north coast of Victoria Land . Named by ANARE ( Australian National Antarctic Research Expeditions ) after , one of two expedition ships used by ANARE in 1962 to explore this area . The ship Thala Dan is in turn named after the mother-in-law of Knud Hansen , an employee at Danish J. Lauritzen A/S in the 1950 's . She was the first Danish woman to be named Thala , as the name was previously spelled Tale . The name Thala ( Tale ) is a Scandinavian version of the German name Adelheid or Sankta Adelheid .
See also
List of antarctic and sub-antarctic islands
Islands of Victoria Land
Pennell Coast
Olgierd Geblewicz ( born 15 October 1972 in Goleniów ) is a Polish politician , the marshal of the West Pomeranian voivodeship ( from 2010 ) . In the years 2008–2010 he was a chairman of the West Pomeranian Regional Assembly .
Early life
Olgierd Geblewicz was born on 15 October 1972 in Goleniów . He graduated in law at the Faculty of Law and Administration of the University of Szczecin and in economics at The West Pomeranian Business School . He has also completed postgraduate studies in Enterprise Management at the Faculty of Management at the University of Warsaw .
For 13 years he worked in the municipal sector ( almost 4 years as the president of Sewage and Water Supply Plant in Szczecin ) . He is a member of the supervisory board of Goleniów Waterworks and Sewerage Company .
Political career
In 2001 he has joined the Civic Platform . In the local elections in 2002 , he was elected to the Goleniów City Council . In 2006 he was elected to West Pomeranian Regional Assembly ( he has obtained 8314 votes ) . From 2006 to 2008 he chaired the Civic Platform club in the Assembly . From 2006 he is a member of West Pomeranian section of the party .
On 2 December 2008 Geblewicz became a chairman of the West Pomeranian Regional Assembly ( he obtained 16 of 30 votes ) . He has replaced Michał Łuczak , who resigned on the prosecution 's charge of possession of a small amount of drugs . In the 2010 local elections , he was reelected to the Regional Assembly ( obtaining 10 721 votes ) . On November 29 , 2010 he was appointed marshal by 21 voivodship councilors . He began his office on December 7 of the same year . From 2010 to 2011 he was a president of Baltic Sea States Subregional Co-operation ( BSSSC ) . Also in 2010 , he became a member of the National Council of the Civic Platform .
In 2011 he became a member of the EU Committee of the Regions . In 2013 he became the president of the Szczecin Civic Platform section . of the In 2014 he was reelected to the regional council , on December 1 of the same year he was reelected for the office of Marshal of the West Pomeranian Voivodeship for the second time . On 4 March 2016 he became the president of the Association of Voivodships . In 2018 , he retained the mandate of a regional councilor for another term , this time he obtained 42 494 votes ( 23.14 % ) . On November 23 , 2018 , he was once again appointed the marshal of the voivodeship .
In January 2020 , he was elected chairman of the European People 's Party faction in the Committee of the Regions . In regional assembly he is a member of Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development , Committee on Budget and Local Government Affairs , Committee on Health , Social Affairs and Public Safety , The Temporary Commission for Maritime Economy and Inland Navigation and the Temporary Commission for the Honorary Badge of the West Pomeranian Griffin .
Honours and decorations
National honours
References
1972 births
Politicians from Szczecin
Living people
Civic Platform politicians
University of Szczecin alumni
Chairs of the West Pomeranian Regional Assembly
Marshals of West Pomeranian Voivodeship
The Qerveh Spacious Mosque is one of the monuments of Qerveh . This mosque is also known as a Jama Mosque , and is one of the works of the Seljuk period ( 5th century AH ) .
See also
Islam in Iran
References
Mosques in Iran
Mosque buildings with domes
Abhar County
National works of Iran
Qerveh
Ron Richards ( born June 5 , 1963 , in Oshawa , Ontario ) is a Canadian former ski jumper . He represented the Canadian national team at the 1984 Winter Olympics in Sarajevo , Yugoslavia ; the 1988 Winter Olympics in Calgary , Canada ; and the 1992 Winter Olympics in Albertville , France . Richards is also an avid golfer .
References
1963 births
Living people
Canadian male ski jumpers
Olympic ski jumpers of Canada
Ski jumpers at the 1984 Winter Olympics
Ski jumpers at the 1988 Winter Olympics
Ski jumpers at the 1992 Winter Olympics
Sportspeople from Oshawa
William Reed Mullin ( February 12 , 1966 – January 27 , 2020 ) was an American musician , best known as the co-founder and drummer of heavy metal band Corrosion of Conformity .
Career
Mullin was the founding member of Corrosion of Conformity with Mike Dean and Woody Weatherman . Mullin , along with Weatherman , also played in the Raleigh-based hardcore band No Labels . No Labels disbanded in 1984 , while Corrosion of Conformity continued to evolve and gain popularity . Mullin left COC on February 1 , 2001 , due to a back injury .
Following his departure from Corrosion of Conformity , Mullin worked on several other projects , including a hardcore band called Man Will Destroy Himself , and as the frontman for power pop band Brown .
In 2010 , he rejoined COC with the Animosity-era lineup .
In 2014 , Mullin co-founded the hardcore punk supergroup Teenage Time Killers with COC bandmate Mike Dean and My Ruin guitarist Mick Murphy . Other members include Foo Fighters frontman Dave Grohl , Lamb of God vocalist Randy Blythe , Stone Sour and Slipknot vocalist Corey Taylor , Bad Religion guitarist Brian Baker , former Queens of the Stone Age bassist Nick Oliveri , among others . Teenage Time Killers has signed with Rise Records and has released their debut album Teenage Time Killers : Greatest Hits Vol . 1 on July 28 , 2015 .
Death
On January 27 , 2020 , Mullin died at the age of 53 . He had missed a number of shows in the past four years due to a variety of health issues , including an alcohol-related seizure he suffered in June 2016 .
Discography
Corrosion of Conformity albums
References
1959 births
2020 deaths
American heavy metal drummers
Musicians from Raleigh , North Carolina
20th-century American drummers
American male drummers
Corrosion of Conformity members
Teenage Time Killers members
20th-century American male musicians
Mary Sherman is an American artist and curator based in Boston . She is also the founder and director of TransCultural Exchange , a non-profit organization that produces global art projects – most notably , an International Conference on Opportunities in the Arts .
Early life and education
Sherman was born in Pensacola , Florida in 1957 . Three months after her birth , her family moved to Midway Island , where she was raised . After graduating with a B.A . from Boston College in 1980 , she went on to receive her master of fine arts degree in 1998 from New York University . As a graduate student , Sherman did an internship with Ursula von Rydingsvard , who inspired Sherman 's work .
Career
In the late 1980s , Sherman created an exchange show of her and other Chicago and Viennese artists ' work in Chicago at the Ludwig Drum Factory . That show was the first of a two-part exhibition entitled Reverse Angle in 1989–1990 , with the second part taking place in Vienna at the WUK Kunsthalle , which subsequently led to her founding TransCultural Exchange .
More recently , Sherman often works with composers on her artwork , which is known to be different from the traditional definition of painting as a flat , two-dimensional object . She combines paintings with electronics and sounds to create multi-sensory installations . Her works have been shown at numerous institutions , including Taipei 's Kuandu Museum of Fine Arts Seoul 's Kwanhoon Gallery Trondheim 's Norwegian University of Science and Technology 's Galleri KiT , Shanghai 's Zendai MoMA and New York 's Trans Hudson Gallery . In 2016 , a survey of her work with art and sound was shown at Oboro in Montreal , following her collaborative show Delay with Florian Grond , also at Oboro as part of the International Digital Art Biennial ( BIAN ) and the Montreal Digital Spring 2016 .
Sherman also teaches at Boston College and Northeastern University and has served as the interim associate director of Massachusetts Institute of Technology 's program in art , culture and technology . She was also an artist in residence at MIT from 2003 to 2004 . She has published numerous articles on the visual arts in such publications as ARTnews , Arts International , and The Boston Globe and was the chief art critic for the Chicago Sun-Times and a columnist for WBUR 's online magazine . Sherman has also curated numerous exhibitions . In 2000 , she curatedThe Coaster Project at the 2000 London Biennale , which was later displayed at 100 sites in the next three months . The Tile Project Destination : The World , which was first displayed in 2008 is currently in permanent collections of 22 sites including Western Institute of Technology and Higher Education and Cultural Center of the Philippines .
In 2009 , Sherman was awarded a Fulbright to teach in Taiwan where she was an artist-in-residence at the Kuandu Museum of Fine Arts and taught at the Taipei National University of the Arts . While in Taiwan , she ran workshops and lectured on cooperative art programs .
TransCultural Exchange
In 1989 , Sherman founded TransCultural Exchange . The organization has worked in more than sixty countries to produce cultural exchanges , exhibitions and public art works . In 2002 , UNESCO awarded TransCultural Exchange sponsorship and it became the first US project to receive this honor since the US mission rejoined UNESCO . Starting in 2009 , the organization began hosting international conferences for opportunities in the arts . The organization received a $ 25,000 grant from the National Endowment of Arts in 2013 .
Awards and honors
Fulbright Senior Specialist Grant – Artist-in-residency at the Taipei Artist Village , 2008
Massachusetts House of Representative 's Certificate of Recognition , 2009
Fulbright Senior Specialist Grant , Koc University , 2012
Fulbright Senior Specialist Grant , Trondheim 's Norwegian University of Science and Technology
Publications
Illustrations in Lark & Termite by Jayne Anne Phillips , 2009
Illustrations in The Trouble with Blame by Sharon Lamb , 1996
Mary Sherman : What if You Could Hear a Painting ( Leonardo Electronic Almanac/MIT Press , 2016 )
References
External links
TransCultural Exchange
Living people
1957 births
New York University alumni
Boston College alumni
American women artists
American curators
American women curators
The NC State Wolfpack softball team represents North Carolina State University in NCAA Division I college softball . The team participates in the Atlantic Coast Conference . The Wolfpack are currently led by head coach Jennifer Patrick-Swift . The team plays its home games at Curtis & Jacqueline Dail Softball Stadium located on the university 's campus .
History
Coaching history
Year-by-year results
Championships
Conference Championships
Conference Tournament Championships
see Atlantic Coast Conference Softball Tournament
Coaching staff
References
Softball
Atlantic Coast Conference softball
I 'm Your Woman is the first album released by comedian and singer Sandra Bernhard . It was released on the Mercury label on vinyl and cassette in 1985 . It has never had an official release on compact disc , although CD-R copies were once available for sale on Bernhard 's own website and at her live shows . The album is a studio recording and contains eight songs interspersed with spoken-word vignettes .
Track listing
Source :
Credits
Music produced and arranged by Barry Reynolds
Recorded at The Fallout Shelter , London
Mastered by Greg Calbi , Sterling Sound , New York
Keyboards : Rupert Black , Barry Reynolds
Guitars : Robert John Tolchard , Mikey Mao Chung , Barry Reynolds
Bass : Mikey Mao Chung
Drums : Terry Stannard
Background vocals : Adele Bertei , Robert John Tolchard , Barrington Fox Reynolds III
Engineer : Stephen Street
Talk produced by Irene Pinn
Recorded at The Strongroom , London
Engineer : Philip Bodger
References
External links
Sandra Bernhard official website
Sandra Bernhard albums
1985 live albums
1985 debut albums
1980s comedy albums
Mercury Records albums
John Samuel ( 11 May 1867 ; 23 December 1947 ) was a Welsh international rugby union forward who played club rugby for Swansea and international rugby for Wales . He played just one game for Wales , notable for being selected alongside his brother David Samuel
Rugby career
Samuel first came to note as a rugby player when he represented first class team Swansea . In 1891 , as part of the Home Nations Championship , Samuel , along with his brother David was selected to represent Wales against Ireland . The team on that day was mainly made up by players from Swansea and Llanelli ; Swansea provided Tom Deacon , Billy Bancroft , the two Samuel brothers and another set of brothers David and Evan James . Both Ireland and Wales had lost the previous two games of the Championship , so the encounter would decide the team to finish bottom of the table . Played at home at Llanelli 's Stradey Park , Wales won the game 6–4 , with David Samuel scoring the only Welsh try of the game . Despite the win . Samuel was not reselected for Wales again though his brother received one final cap during the Triple Crown winning 1893 Home Nations Championship .
International matches played
Wales
1891
Bibliography
References
1867 births
1947 deaths
Rugby union forwards
Rugby union players from Swansea
Swansea RFC players
Wales international rugby union players
Welsh rugby union players
Nickolle Abreu ( born ) is a Brazilian group rhythmic gymnast . She represents her nation at international competitions . She competed at world championships , including at the 2005 World Rhythmic Gymnastics Championships in Baku , Azerbaijan .
References
1989 births
Living people
Brazilian rhythmic gymnasts
Place of birth missing ( living people )
South American Games gold medalists for Brazil
South American Games medalists in gymnastics
Competitors at the 2006 South American Games
The Essex Reef Light or Essex Reef Post Light , also known as Hayden 's Point Light , was a light in Essex , Connecticut on the Connecticut River . The wooden tower was erected in 1889 and replaced with a skeleton tower by 1919 . The skeleton tower was further altered to an automatic gaslight a few years prior to 1931 . Two of the keepers , Gilbert B. Hayden and Bernie Hayden , relation unknown , were keepers of the light , but their service years are unknown . As of 2014 , a skeleton tower serves as an active daymark and it has a green flash every 4 seconds .
Construction
The Essex Reef Light was constructed in 1889 as part of a $ 15,000 appropriation by Congress that included several other beacons . The exact cost of the structure is unknown . The light was a tall wooden hexagonal pyramidal tower with a black lantern that used a 6th order Fresnel lens . The 1900 Light List gave its position as 41.2036 North and 72.2254 West .
The hexagonal tower was accessible from a ladder directly by boat with no other landing . The foundation rests upon the river bottom and was a square crib that was made of yellow pine timbers and sheathed with planks that was filled with stones and protected by riprap . The crib extends up to the high watermark to a frustum of a square pyramid that is reduced to at its top and filled with stone . The sides and top are planked and the corners were covered with boiler plate and angle irons . The original light was a hexagonal beacon lantern made of brass and copper with a sixth order Fresnel lens . The oil for the light was stored in boxes in the lower portion of the lantern .
Service
The Essex Reef Light was first lit on July 1 , 1889 , it featured a fixed red light until December 15 , 1892 , when it was changed to a fixed white light .
In 1914 , the light was deactivated for the winter in between January 12–15 and relit between March 14–16 .
A skeleton tower was already in place by 1919 and the date of replacement or removal of the original light is unknown . On December 17 , 1919 , the light characteristic was changed from fixed white to flashing white every 3 seconds and it was reported that the light 's strength was 70 candlepower . In 1931 , The Day noted that the skeleton tower was `` in recent years '' converted to automatic gas beacons . In 1963 , buoys were established near the Essex Reef light . Currently the skeleton tower is active with a height of and has a green flash every 4 seconds . It has a square green daymark with the number 25 .
Keepers
Gilbert B. Hayden was noted as a keeper of the light with sparse details found in The Day . In 1914 , it noted his return to duties after a `` few weeks vacation '' that followed the light 's deactivation for the winter . In 1931 , The Day contained information about Bernie Hayden , relationship unknown to Gilbert B. Hayden , and stated that he `` gave the best part of his life to tending [ the ] Essex light '' . Bernie Hayden tended the light for years , making two trips by boat every day to light and extinguish the Essex Reef Light . He later became nearly blind and his friends petitioned the government for a pension , but was denied on the grounds that only those in exposed water positions could receive a pension . According to local tradition , it was commonplace for townspeople to tell Bernie Hayden that the light floated down the river and Bernie Hayden would join in the joke and claim to recover the light and return it to its rightful place .
See also
List of lighthouses in Connecticut
List of lighthouses in the United States
References
External links
Picture of the current Essex Reef Light
Lighthouses completed in 1889
Essex , Connecticut
Transportation buildings and structures in Middlesex County , Connecticut
Lighthouses in Connecticut
Connecticut River
Economic Development Quarterly is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering the field of economics . The journal 's editors-in-chief are Larry C. Ledebur ( Cleveland State University ) , Timothy J. Bartik ( Upjohn Institute for Employment Research ) , and George A. Erickcek ( Upjohn Institute for Employment Research ) . It was established in 1987 and is currently published by SAGE Publications in association with Cleveland State University .
Abstracting and indexing
Economic development Quarterly is abstracted and indexed in Scopus and the Social Sciences Citation Index . According to the Journal Citation Reports , its 2017 impact factor is 0.917 , ranking it 31 out of 40 journals in the category `` Urban Studies '' 46 out of 57 journals in the category `` Planning and Development '' , and 229 out of 333 journals in the category `` Economics '' .
References
External links
SAGE Publishing academic journals
English-language journals
Quarterly journals
Publications established in 1987
Economics journals
Eilean Mòr is the largest of the Crowlin Islands in the Inner Sound off the Isle of Skye , Scotland .
Eilean Mòr is situated at the mouth of Loch Carron , off the south coast of Applecross in Wester Ross . It is connected to the adjacent Eilean Meadhonach at low tide .
Excavations on Eilean Mòr have shown evidence of human settlement in Mesolithic times 8,000 years ago . Ruined cottages can be seen in the north-east corner , near Camas na h-Annait ( Scottish Gaelic : church bay ) . In the middle of the nineteenth century tenants were cleared from Applecross to make way for sheep . A group of families unwilling to take passage from Scotland to far-off lands were settled on Crowlin Mòr ( Eilean Mòr ) , to make what living they could by fishing and farming . From about 1810 to 1920 Eilean Mòr was home to several families . In the course of time , the families slipped back to Applecross and the island has been uninhabited since about 1920 .
Footnotes
External links
Uninhabited islands of Highland ( council area )
The Palazzo Francesconi , later Mocenni , is a 16th-century Renaissance urban palace located on Via del Cavallerizzo in the city of Siena , region of Tuscany , Italy .
History
The design of the palace ( circa 1520 ) was previously attributed to Baldassarre Peruzzi , but more recently attributed to Pietro Cataneo , commissioned by Bernardo Francesconi . The palace exterior is in poor state of conservation . The façade remains incomplete with only some window frames in place ; other windows are sealed with walls or reduced . The piano nobile has two rooms with frescoes attributed to Peruzzi . The third floor has 19th century frescoes .
References
Palaces in Siena
Houses completed in the 16th century
Renaissance architecture in Siena
The M15 General Officers is a .45 ACP pistol developed by the U.S. Army 's Rock Island Arsenal from stock M1911 pistols as a replacement for the aging Colt Model 1903 and Model 1908 Pocket Hammerless pistols . The pistol was issued to United States Army general officers as a personal weapon .
The M15 is quite similar to the Colt Commander and is operationally similar to the M1911A1 . Formally adopted in 1972 , it is no longer produced but remains in service with some long-career officers .
History
Originally intended for high-ranking military personnel , the M15 was built from an existing stock of Colt M1911 pistols . It is similar to the Colt Commander , but has internal differences . Colt later released a similar pistol called the Colt Officer 's ACP . This model is commonly referred to as the `` Officer '' . It was adopted to give officers a weapon with greater stopping power and effectiveness over previously issued sidearms . There is some disagreement in sources over its formal designation , possibly either Pistol , General Officers ' , Caliber .45 , M15 or Pistol , Cal . .45 , Semi-automatic , M1911A1 , General Officer 's . The M9 9mm replaced the M15 as the general officer pistol in the 1980s .
Operational traits
Functionally , the M15 operates the same as a basic M1911 Colt pistol . The shorter barrel is reported to have a greater muzzle blast , yet even with the abbreviated barrel , the pistol maintains a muzzle velocity of 245 m/s ( 800 ft/s ) . The pistol 's sights are larger than the standard M1911A1 's , including a taller front sight . Magazines remain interchangeable between the two models . A lanyard may be attached to the mainspring housing .
Officer weapon distinction
The M15 is made to a higher standard of finish to distinguish it as a general officer 's pistol . The finish on the guns was a deep blue on portions of the slide and frame . The exposed metal parts such as the safety and slide lock have a polished blued finish , while the top of the slide has a black matte-type finish . It has select-grade walnut grips with a brass placard on the left grip , with the owner 's name engraved in it , and the Rock Island Arsenal seal on the right grip . The slide is also engraved , `` General Officer 's Model '' and the abbreviation `` RIA '' for Rock Island Arsenal .
The pistol came with a black leather belt , black leather holster , black leather two-pocket magazine pouch , cleaning kit , and three magazines that were serial-numbered to the weapon . The belt 's buckle and any other metal parts were either in gold for the Army or silver for the Air Force . The M15 pistol was issued from 1972 to 1981 , after which it was replaced in Army and Air Force service with the unmodified M1911A1 . A total of 1,004 were made and issued . When a general left active service he was given the choice of returning it or purchasing it . Most chose to buy it as a memento of their service , a tradition that continues to this day .
Users
See also
List of individual weapons of the U.S. Armed Forces
References
Bibliography
Kinard , Jeff . Pistols : an illustrated history of their impact , ABC-CLIO , Inc. Santa Barbara , CA ( USA ) 2003 .
McNab , Chris , The Great Book of Guns , Thunder Bay Press , San Diego , CA ( USA ) , 2004. .
External links
General Officer Pistol Rock Island Arsenal
Semi-automatic pistols of the United States
.45 ACP semi-automatic pistols
1911 platform
Dariga is a Kazakhstani feminine given name . Notable people with the name include :
Dariga Nazarbayeva ( born 1963 ) , Kazakh politician
Dariga Shakimova ( born 1988 ) , Kazakhstani boxer
Feminine given names
Kazakh given names
Unhallowed Ground may refer to :
Unhallowed ground , ground that has not been hallowed , or consecrated
Unconsecrated parts of a cemetery
Unhallowed Ground , a 2015 British independent horror film
`` Unhallowed Ground '' , a song by Midnight Syndicate from the 2002 album Vampyre
See also
Hallowed Ground ( disambiguation )
Unhallowed ( disambiguation )
Grandpré Abbey ( ) is a former Cistercian abbey in Wallonia located at Faulx-les-Tombes ( in the present commune of Gesves ) , in the province of Namur , Belgium . The only remains of the abbey are the gatehouse and the attached range at the main entrance , the farm buildings and the mill , once powered by the Samson brook , which crosses the site .
History
The abbey was founded in 1231 as a daughter house of Villers-la-Ville Abbey , of the filiation of Clairvaux , on a site where a grange of Villers-la-Ville had stood since the early 13th century , by Henry I , Count of Vianden and Marquis of Namur , and his wife Margaret de Courtenay in memory of her brother Philip II , Marquis of Namur , who had died in 1226 during the Albigensian Crusade . The church was dedicated in 1232 .
Grandpré was a small community and never thrived or achieved prominence . The number of monks was never more than 20 , even though the abbey had a dozen farms in the environs . Nor did Grandpré found any daughter houses . Some restoration work took place in the 15th and 16th centuries . In 1740 the abbey was plundered by Dutch troops . At the end of the 18th century the farm buildings were rebuilt .
In 1796 , the abbey was suppressed and sold as national property to Jean-Baptiste Paulée , a financier from Paris and Douai . The conventual buildings had been demolished by 1807 .
In 1992 and 1997 , the façade and roof of the mill and a subterranean channel were declared protected monuments , as had happened to the gatehouse in 1956 .
Present day
The remaining buildings , which are Baroque and Rococo in style , have been restored and are privately maintained . The abbey is now in private ownership and the buildings are not open to the public , but the gardens are accessible on demand , for a minimal contribution to the proprietor for his or her charitable purposes .
Architectural heritage
Of the extensive abbey buildings burnt and looted in the French Revolution there remains only the extraordinary gatehouse restored in 1771 under Abbot Étienne Defrenne and registered in 1956 by the Commission royale des monuments et des sites .
Notes and references
Bibliography
Blouard , R. , 1954 : Abbaye de Grandpré . Namur
Peugniez , Bernard , 2002 : Routier cistercien ( 2nd edn ) , pp . 486–487 . Moisenay : Editions Gaud
External links
Grandpré website
Christian monasteries in Namur ( province )
Cistercian monasteries in Belgium
Davey Alba is a technology reporter who reports on Big Tech for Bloomberg News .
Early life and education
Davey Alba was born in Manila , Philippines , and attended De La Salle University , earning a degree in communication arts . Her father is an academic , mother an economic consultant and her sister is VP of a multi-national investment bank . She came to the United States at age 23 in 2011 . She studied at Columbia University and received a masters in science journalism .
Career
Alba 's first job out of training was at Popular Mechanics ; she was technology editor and got to test gadgets and phones . She worked as a technology reporter at BuzzFeed News , Wired and Gizmodo before joining The New York Times as a technology reporter in 2019 . Her area of coverage was `` disinformation and all of its tentacles . '' In March , 2022 , she joined Bloomberg News , covering Google and Big Tech .
In 2018 , working at BuzzFeed News , she reported how Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte used Facebook to gain power in the country . For the BuzzFeed News article on Duterte , Alba won two 2019 awards . She was awarded the Livingston Award for International Reporting , documenting how Facebook ignored fake news , fueled the Filipino drug war , and adversely impacted a vulnerable community by enabling Duterte to manipulate public opinion and win election . After Duterte won , the Facebook machinery of manipulating opinion became a state-sponsored one `` to punish oppponents , sometimes with death . '' She won the Mirror Award for Best Story for Journalism in Peril .
In September 2021 , Alba interviewed incoming Wikimedia Foundation chief executive officer Maryana Iskander .
Covid controversies
After reporting on videos supportive of President Trump 's recommendation for the use disinfectants in the treatment COVID-19 , Davey was the target of `` weaponized harassment . '' Davey reports that she was targeted as a reporter who is an immigrant , a woman and a person of color . In April of 2022 , she wrote an article critical of Robert Malone , `` who bills himself in public appearances as the inventor of mRNA technology . '' Malone has been described as spreading misinformation about the disease , claiming that mRNA vaccines are not effective .
Bibliography
Local news partisanship , Alba interview on The Daily . Retrieved October 29 , 2020
References
People from Manila
De La Salle University alumni
The New York Times people
Victims of cyberbullying
Filipino emigrants to the United States
Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism alumni
BuzzFeed people
Wired ( magazine ) people
American reporters and correspondents
American magazine editors
Technical writers
Clan Carmichael is a Scottish clan and is also considered a sept of the Clan Douglas , Clan MacDougall , Stewart of Appin , and Stewart of Galloway .
History
Origins of the clan
There is only one source of the name Carmichael and that is territorial or geographic in origin from the northern edge of the Southern Uplands in Scotland . An ancient hill fort or caer in a prominent location close to the main route north from the border was chosen by the good Queen Margaret in the year 1058 as the site of one of her first six churches established in the see of Glasgow . Due to the prominence of the site , she dedicated the church to St. Michel and the district and its peoples became of Caermichel when surnames were necessitated in the thirteenth century .
The Carmichaels have been settled in the upper ward of the same name in Lanarkshire for over nine hundred years and it is from this place that they take their name . The lands of Carmichael were originally part of the Dougsdale territory that was granted to the Clan Douglas in 1321 by Robert the Bruce .
In 1220 Robert de Carmitely resigned his claims to the patronage of the church of Cleghorn . In 1226 Robert de Carmichael is mentioned in a charter of Dryburgh Abbey .
Other Carmichaels are later mentioned in the charters of the Douglas family until , between 1374 and 1384 when Sir John de Carmichael received a charter for the lands of Carmichael from William Douglas , 1st Earl of Douglas . Sir John was amongst the knights who supported the Douglases in their struggle for power in Scotland and in their raids across the English border . The grant of this large piece of Douglas land was undoubtedly a reward for the prowess of Sir John and the Carmichael men .
In 1414 the barony of Carmichael was confirmed to the chief of the clan and it extended to over fourteen thousand acres in the parishes of Carmichael , Pettinain and Carluke .
15th to 16th centuries
Sir John de Carmichael of Meadowflat ( later of Carmichael ) fought in France with the Scottish army that was sent to aid the French against an English invasion . The Battle of Baugé was fought in 1421 where Sir John Carmichael rode in combat against an English commander , unhorsed him and broke his own spear in the action . The English commander was the Duke of Clarence who was a Knight of the Garter and brother of Henry V of England . Carmichael 's victory demoralized the English to the extent that they fled the field and to commemorate this , the Carmichaels bear a broken spear on their clan crest .
Catherine Carmichael , daughter of Sir John who was captain of Crawford Castle became the mistress of James V of Scotland and bore him a son , who was half-brother to Mary , Queen of Scots . The king built the castle of Crawfordjohn for them to meet undisturbed .
In 1546 Peter Carmichael of Balmedie participated in the killing of Cardinal Beaton in his St Andrews Castle . Carmichael was sent to the 'galleys ' where he shared penance with John Knox , the reformer . Carmichael was imprisoned but later escaped .
Sir John Carmichael was known as the most expert Borderer . He was chief of the Clan Carmichael from 1585 to 1599 when he was murdered . He had been a favourite of James VI of Scotland and was knighted at the coronation of the king 's queen , Anne , and was later sent on a diplomatic mission to England . Sir John was also Captain of the King 's Guard , Master of the Stables , warden of the west marches and a Privy Councillor . He died when he was ambushed after arresting some Armstrongs during a disturbance . However Sir John 's brother , Carmichael of Edrom , prosecuted the murderer and obtained justice .
17th to 18th centuries
In 1627 Sir James Carmichael was created a Baronet of Nova Scotia and was later raised to the peerage in 1647 . During the Wars of the Three Kingdoms , James Carmichael , the first Lord Carmichael was a staunch supporter of Charles I of England although two of his sons took the side of Parliament . The first Lord 's son , Sir Daniel Carmichael , commanded the Clydesdale Regiment at the Battle of Marston Moor in 1644 and also at the Battle of Philiphaugh in 1645 . The other brothers , Sir James Carmichael of Bonnytoun and Captain John Carmichael , were royalists and the former fought at the Battle of Dunbar ( 1650 ) while the latter was killed at Marston Moor where he must have opposed his brothers .
In 1647 Sir James Carmichael became Lord Carmichael and his son became Earl of Hyndford in 1701 . The third Earl was a staunch supporter of the Hanoverians and was an ambassador in the service of George II of Great Britain .
Modern history
The principal family became allied to the Clan Anstruther by the marriage of Lady Margaret , daughter of the 2nd Earl , to Sir John Anstruther whose descendants inherited the Carmichael lands on the death of the 6th Earl of Hyndford in 1817 . This family then took the name Carmichael – Anstruther which they continued until the succession of the present chief who resumed the family name in 1980 . Chief Richard Carmichael worked tirelessly to support the Clan Carmichael Society which has branches world-wide .
Clan chief
The chief of Clan Carmichael is Richard Carmichael of Carmichael .
Clan Castles
Maudslie castle
Eastend House
Carmichael house
Crawford Castle
Castle Craig Hospital
Fenton Tower
Cadet Families
Cadet families included those of Meadowflat in Lanarkshire and Balmedie in Fife . and in Argyll some MacMichaels became 'Carmichaels ' , and it is this latter race only who are allied with the Appin Stewarts .
Clan Tartan
from the Clan Carmichael Website .
See also
Scottish clan
Earl of Hyndford
References
External links
Carmichael Estate Website including a section on Clan Carmichael
Clan Carmichael USA – Clan Society Website – 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) Non-Profit Organization
Carmichael
The Frimley Lodge Miniature Railway is operated by the Frimley and Ascot Locomotive Club and is located within Frimley Lodge Park , Surrey . The railway consists of two tracks , a ground level and an elevated track .
The ground level track opened in 1990 and is approximately long in total , with a triple gauge track ( , and ) looping around an area of trees next to the Basingstoke Canal . The journey takes about 5 minutes and is an attraction to young and old alike .
The elevated track opened in 2012 and is an approximately long loop and is a triple gauge track ( , and ) .
They often run events at Christmas , with chocolate for kids .
References
External links
Details of the line
Tourist attractions in Surrey
Miniature railways in the United Kingdom
Grant Munro , ( April 25 , 1923 – December 9 , 2017 ) was a Canadian animator , filmmaker and actor . In 1952 , he starred with Jean-Paul Ladouceur in Norman McLaren 's Neighbours . He worked on the films Two Bagatelles ( 1953 ) , Seven Surprizes ( 1963 ) , Christmas Cracker ( 1963 ) and Canon ( 1964 ) . His film , Christmas Cracker , was nominated for an Academy Award in 1962 .
Early life
Munro was born in Winnipeg , Manitoba . He had a sister , Gail , and a brother , Brian .
Munro was educated at the Robert H. Smith school , Queenston school , and Gordon Bell High , before attending the Musgrove School of Art and the Winnipeg School of Art . Earning an honor diploma from the Ontario College of Art in 1944 , he then joined the National Film Board , Canada 's public film producer and distributor .
Career
Munro 's work as an animator first won note during 1945 , setting the songs `` My Darling Clementine '' and `` The Daring Young Man on the Flying Trapeze '' to animated cut-outs . In 1952 , he furthered his reputation by co-starring with Jean-Paul Ladouceur in Norman McLaren 's Neighbours , a film which used the technique known as `` pixilation '' ( a term coined by Munro ) and which won both a Canadian Film Award and an Academy Award . He went on to collaborate with McLaren on the films Two Bagatelles ( 1953 ) , Seven Surprizes ( 1963 ) , Christmas Cracker ( 1963 ) and Canon ( 1964 ) .
In the 1970s , Munro 's focus shifted to documentaries . He directed : Tours en l'air ( 1973 ) , a film about work of dancers Anna-Marie and David Holmes ; Boo Hoo ( 1974 ) , which concerned a cemetery and crematorium in Saint John , New Brunswick ; and Animated Motion ( parts 1–5 , 1976–8 ) and McLaren on McLaren ( 1983 ) , which documented the work and philosophy of his colleague Norman McLaren . He also directed See You in the Funny Papers ( 1983 ) , which examined the life and work of cartoonist Lynn Johnston .
Munro retired from the National Film Board in 1988 .
Recognition
Awards and honors
The 1962 short Christmas Cracker was nominated for an Academy Award and won a Golden Gate Award . Canon ( 1964 ) won the Canadian Film Award for Best Arts and Experimental ; and The Animal Movie ( 1966 ) won a plate at the Venice Film Festival .
On June 20 , 2007 Concordia University awarded Munro an honorary doctorate in recognition of his legacy for generations of filmmakers .
On October 10 , 2008 , Munro was made an Officer in the Order of Canada by Governor General Michaëlle Jean . The backgrounder to the award read as follows :
Grant Munro is a pioneering animator and filmmaker . One of the earliest and longest-serving members of the National Film Board of Canada , he developed innovative techniques that influenced both the film industry and other animators . He produced films that were used as public education tools in schools across Canada , and collaborated with the Montreal Children 's Hospital to create educational films for children with learning disabilities . As well , he was involved in making several award-winning film 's and has been an inspiring role model and dedicated mentor to several generations of young filmmakers .
Grant Munro Rediscovered
On December 4 , 2003 , the Museum of Modern Art paid tribute to Munro with Grant Munro Rediscovered , a retrospective program of his work :
On the occasion of Grant Munro 's eightieth birthday and the release of a new DVD , Cut-Up : The Films of Grant Munro , the Museum of Modern Art pays tribute to this seminal but under-recognized animator . Working from within the historic Animation Unit of the National Film Board of Canada from 1945 through the early 1970s , Munro directed , produced , shot , edited , and even acted in some of the most significant hand-drawn and pixilated animation ever made . A frequent collaborator with Norman McLaren , Munro brought a wicked wit and sublime grace to the art .
Death
Munro died of an unspecified illness in Montreal on December 9 , 2017 , at the age of 94 .
References
External links
at the National Film Board of Canada
Watch films by Grant Munro at NFB web site
Making Movie History : Grant Munro ( interview )
Officers of the Order of Canada
Canadian animators
Artists from Winnipeg
Film directors from Winnipeg
Canadian documentary film directors
1923 births
2017 deaths
National Film Board of Canada people
Stop motion animators
WREB is a radio station licensed to Greencastle , Indiana , broadcasting at 94.3 MHz on FM . Although primarily a music broadcaster , WREB serves as a source of local information , weather and sports broadcasting for Putnam County , Indiana . WREB began broadcasting on May 16 , 1966 .
External links
WREB website
References
REB
Putnam County , Indiana
Full service radio stations in the United States
The Alagoas tyrannulet ( Phylloscartes ceciliae ) is a species of bird in the family Tyrannidae . It is endemic to the Atlantic Forest in eastern Brazil . Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest . It is threatened by habitat loss .
References
External links
BirdLife Species Factsheet .
Alagoas tyrannulet
Birds of the Atlantic Forest
Endemic birds of Brazil
Alagoas tyrannulet
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Jimmy Show is a 2001 drama written and directed by Frank Whaley , based on the Off-Broadway play Veins and Thumbtacks by Jonathan Marc Sherman . The film stars Whaley , Carla Gugino , and Ethan Hawke .
Synopsis
The film centers on the life of Jimmy O'Brien ( Frank Whaley ) , a warehouse clerk by day and a standup comedian by night . He is also a failure as an inventor . He lives with his wife ( Carla Gugino ) , daughter , and a disabled grandmother . Jimmy 's aspiration to succeed contrasts sharply with the numbness of his pothead friend Ray ( Ethan Hawke ) , who is just trying to get by . When performing , Jimmy contradicts the role of a comedian and instead uses the stand-up form to relate the tragedies in his life , which causes indifferent to hostile reactions from the audience ; however , he also provokes members of the audience . Eventually Jimmy is fired from his day job for stealing beer , which he abuses , and his wife leaves him . He winds up working at a Middle-Eastern fast-food restaurant . At the end of the film , Jimmy runs seemingly aimlessly in different directions in what appears to be him either on the verge of nervous breakdown or spiritual awakening .
Cast
Frank Whaley as Jimmy O'Brien
Carla Gugino as Annie O'Brien
Ethan Hawke as Ray
Lynn Cohen as Ruth
Jillian Stacom as Wendy
Spelman M. Beaubrun as Claude
Sheila Kay Davis as Social Worker
Filming locations
Staten Island - this being Whaley 's second movie filmed here after his 1999 drama Joe the King .
References
External links
2001 films
2001 drama films
American films based on plays
Films directed by Frank Whaley
Films set in New Jersey
Films shot in New Jersey
Films shot in New York ( state )
American drama films
2000s English-language films
2000s American films
SM UB-127 was a German Type UB III submarine or U-boat in the German Imperial Navy ( ) during World War I . She was commissioned into the German Imperial Navy on 1 June 1918 as SM UB-127 .
UB-127 was lost at the North Sea Mine Barrage in September 1918 .
Construction
She was built by AG Weser of Bremen and following just under a year of construction , launched at Bremen on 27 April 1918 . UB-127 was commissioned later the same year under the command of Oblt.z.S . Walter Scheffler . Like all Type UB III submarines , UB-127 carried 10 torpedoes and was armed with a deck gun . UB-127 would carry a crew of up to 3 officers and 31 men and had a cruising range of . UB-127 had a displacement of while surfaced and when submerged . Her engines enabled her to travel at when surfaced and when submerged .
References
Notes
Citations
Bibliography
German Type UB III submarines
World War I submarines of Germany
U-boats commissioned in 1918
1918 ships
Ships built in Bremen ( state )
U-boats sunk in 1918
U-boats sunk by mines
World War I shipwrecks in the North Sea
Ships lost with all hands
Maritime incidents in 1918
SS Lindus was an Australian iron-hulled coastal cargo ship driven by a 160 H.P . 2-cylinder compound steam engine with a top cruising speed of 10 knots . She was built in 1881 by Edward Withy & Co. , Hartlepool , England . Her engines were built by T. Richardson & Sons , Hartlepool . She had a complement of 24 crewmembers .
Shipwrecked
On 4 June 1899 , traveling from Newcastle , New South Wales on her way to Adelaide while carrying a cargo of coal the Lindus was caught up in a heavy storm and was wrecked near Newcastle 's Oyster Bank , on the wreck of the at position .
References
Further reading
Online Databases
Books
Wrecks on the New South Wales Coast . By Loney , J. K. ( Jack Kenneth ) , 1925–1995 Oceans Enterprises . 1993 .
Australian shipwrecks Vol.3 1871–1900 By Loney , J. K. ( Jack Kenneth ) , 1925–1995 . Geelong Vic : List Publishing , 1982 910.4530994 LON
Shipwrecks of the Hunter Region
Ships built on the River Tees
1881 ships
Maritime incidents in 1899
1899 in Australia
1871–1900 ships of Australia
Merchant ships of Australia
Iron and steel steamships of Australia
Olina may refer to :
People
Giovanni Pietro Olina ( 1585–1645 ) , Italian naturalist , lawyer , and theologian
Olina Storsand Storsand ( born 1922 ) , Norwegian politician
Ruth Olina Lødemel Lødemel ( born 1966 ) , Norwegian soprano , dancer , actor and composer
Steinunn Ólína Þorsteinsdóttir ( born 1969 ) , Icelandic actress , TV show host , producer and writer
Ólína Guðbjörg Viðarsdóttir ( born 1982 ) , Icelandic football player
Ólína Þorvarðardóttir ( born 1958 ) , Icelandic politician
Places
Olina , Italy
Other
Olina , genus also known as Vila ( butterfly )
The slaty-backed chat-tyrant ( Ochthoeca cinnamomeiventris ) is a species of bird in the tyrant flycatcher family . It is found in Bolivia , Colombia , Ecuador , Peru , and Venezuela . Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and heavily degraded former forest .
The slaty-backed chat-tyrant was formerly treated as conspecific with the blackish chat-tyrant ( Ochthoeca nigrita ) .
References
Updates to Birds of the World : A Checklist by James F. Clements . Fifth Edition . 2000 .
García-Moreno , Jaime , Peter Arctander and Jon Fjeldså . 1998 . Pre-Pleistocene Differentiation Among Chat-Tyrants . The Condor 100:629-640
slaty-backed chat-tyrant
Birds of the Northern Andes
slaty-backed chat-tyrant
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Aleksander Douglas de Faria , better known as Aleks or Aleksander ( born February 20 , 1991 ) is a Brazilian goalkeeper .
Career
Career statistics
( Correct )
Honours
National team
South American Youth Championship : 2011
FIFA U-20 World Cup : 2011
Contract
Avaí
References
External links
Avaí
1991 births
Sportspeople from Curitiba
Living people
Brazilian footballers
Brazil under-20 international footballers
Brazil youth international footballers
Association football goalkeepers
Grêmio Foot-Ball Porto Alegrense players
Avaí FC players
Clube Recreativo e Atlético Catalano players
Mirassol Futebol Clube players
Clube Atlético Tricordiano players
Campeonato Brasileiro Série A player
Campeonato Brasileiro Série C players
Zeberkhan ( ) may refer to :
Zeberkhan District
Zeberkhan Rural District
The 2007–08 Scottish Junior Cup was a competition in Scottish Junior football . It was won for the first time by Bathgate Thistle after they defeated Cumnock Juniors 2–1 in the final at Rugby Park , Kilmarnock .
Under a recent rule change , the Junior Cup winners ( along with winners of the North , East and West regional leagues ) qualify for the senior Scottish Cup ; Bathgate Thistle therefore competed in the 2008–09 Scottish Cup .
First round
These ties were scheduled to take place on Saturday 6 October 2007 .
Second round
These ties were scheduled to take place on Saturday 3 November 2007 .
Third round
These ties were scheduled to take place on 1 December 2007 .
Fourth round
These ties were scheduled to take place on 19 January 2008 .
Fifth Round
These ties were scheduled to take place on 16 February 2008 .
Quarter finals
These ties were scheduled to take place on 15 March 2008 .
Semi finals
These ties were played on 12 April and 19 April 2008 , respectively , at Broadwood Stadium , Cumbernauld .
Final
The final took place on 1 June 2008 , at Rugby Park , Kilmarnock .
References
Scottish Junior Cup seasons
Junior Cup
Pish Khowr ( ) may refer to :
Pish Khowr District
Pish Khowr Rural District
2,5-Dimethoxy-4-isopropylamphetamine ( also known as DOiP and DOiPr ) is a psychedelic drug of the phenethylamine and amphetamine chemical classes . It was first synthesized by Alexander Shulgin , and was described in his book PiHKAL ( Phenethylamines i Have Known And Loved ) . Shulgin described DOiPR as being at least an order of magnitude weaker than DOPr , with doses of 20–30 mg required to produce valid changes in mental state .
Very little data exists about the pharmacological properties , metabolism , and toxicity of DOiPR .
See also
2C-iP
2C-T-4
DOx
References
Substituted amphetamines
Designer drugs
Serotonin receptor agonists
Isopropyl compounds
2,5-Dimethoxyphenethylamines
Zanjanrud ( ) may refer to :
Zanjanrud , Iran , a village in Zanjan Province
Zanjanrud District , an administrative subdivision of Zanjan Province
Zanjanrud-e Bala Rural District , an administrative subdivision of Zanjan Province
Zanjanrud-e Pain Rural District , an administrative subdivision of Zanjan Province
Ypsolopha canariella , the canary ypsolopha moth , is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae . The species was first described by Lord Walsingham in 1881 . It is found throughout North America from sea level up to elevations of 1,830 meters . In Canada it occurs in most provinces , from British Columbia and Alberta to Ontario . It is present in most of the continental United States . It is known from a wide variety of habitats , including mixed wood forests , semi-arid scrubland , prairies and badlands .
The wingspan is about 20 mm . The forewings are yellow with a reddish-brown triangular area in the middle of the wing . The hindwings are white or pale gray and semitransparent with a long fringe . Adults are on wing from June to September .
The larvae feed on the leaves of Salix and Lonicera species , as well as the flowers of Symphoricarpos albus . They are probably solitary defoliators . Pupation takes place in a tubular shaped silken cocoon on a leaf .
References
Ypsolophidae
Moths described in 1881
Moths of North America
The Winnemucca Hotel , located at 95 S. Bridge St. in Winnemucca , Nevada , was an Early Commercial style building that was built in 1863 .
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005 .
It was one of the oldest buildings in Winnemucca and is significant for its role in commercial development of Winnemucca and for association with Basque sheepherders . It has been known for its potent Basque drink , Picon Punch . The hotel was demolished between 2015 and 2019 .
See also
Martin Hotel ( Winnemucca , Nevada ) , also known for Basque sheepherder association and NRHP-listed in Winnemucca
References
Buildings and structures in Humboldt County , Nevada
Hotel
Defunct hotels in Nevada
History of Humboldt County , Nevada
Hotel buildings completed in 1863
Hotel buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Nevada
National Register of Historic Places in Humboldt County , Nevada
Buildings designated early commercial in the National Register of Historic Places
1863 establishments in Nevada
Basque-American culture in Nevada
Demolished buildings and structures in Nevada
Buildings and structures demolished in 2015
Demolished hotels in the United States
WQST was a radio station licensed to serve Forest , Mississippi . The station is owned by Ace Broadcasting , Inc. Its format was southern gospel . The station was assigned this callsign by the Federal Communications Commission September 1 , 1986 .
On Sunday , March 16 , 2008 , WQST dropped its simulcast with WZQK for southern gospel from The Gospel Station , based in Ada , Oklahoma .
In December 2012 WQST left the air due to financial reasons , and surrendered its license to the FCC on January 10 , 2013 . It is now internet only .
References
External links
WQST AM 850
QST
Radio stations established in 1986
1986 establishments in Mississippi
Radio stations disestablished in 2013
Defunct radio stations in the United States
QST
Defunct religious radio stations in the United States
Internet radio stations in the United States
2013 disestablishments in Mississippi
QST
Claude Péloquin ( 1942 – 25 November 2018 ) was a Québécois poet , writer , singer , songwriter , screenwriter , and director .
Péloquin published more than twenty books of poetry . He was also the author of many popular songs , including Robert Charlebois ' Lindberg , for which he won the Félix Award in 1969 .
References
1942 births
2018 deaths
Writers from Quebec
20th-century Canadian poets
Canadian male poets
Canadian songwriters
Canadian male novelists
Canadian poets in French
Canadian novelists in French
20th-century Canadian male writers
Deaths from cancer in Quebec
French Quebecers
Maher Hathout ( January 1 , 1936 – January 3 , 2015 ) was a leading American-Muslim community leader of Egyptian origin . Hathout helped found the Muslim Public Affairs Council and spoke extensively against Islamic radicalism .
Born in Cairo , Egypt in 1936 , Hathout eventually moved to Buffalo , New York , and then to Los Angeles . He immersed himself in volunteering at the Islamic Center of Southern California ( ICSC ) as Chairman and Spokesperson . The Islamic Center became a vehicle for a vision of Islam in America that is rooted in what Hathout called the definition of home : `` Home is not where my grandparents are buried , but where my grandchildren will be raised . ''
Hathout stressed throughout his life that being a faithful Muslim was entirely compatible with being a proud American , and that Islam is a religion of coexistence , reason and moderation . While he criticized Salman Rushdie 's book The Satanic Verses , finding it `` insulting '' , he also condemned Ayatollah Khomeini 's fatwa against him and defended his right to free speech . ( He faced death threats from Muslims because of his stance . )
He was also among the pioneers of interfaith engagement within the American Muslim community , helping found the Religious Coalition Against War in the Middle East with Rev . George Regas and Rabbi Leonard Beerman in 1991 . Hathout was a charter member of the Pacific Council on International Policy , the western partner of the Council on Foreign Relations , and served on the Board of Directors of the Interfaith Alliance and Claremont Lincoln University .
Over the years , Hathout was invited repeatedly to Capitol Hill and the State Department to address a variety of topics , such as `` Islam and U.S. Policy , '' `` Islamic Democracy , '' `` Emerging Trends in Islamic Movements , '' and `` The Future of the Middle East . '' He was also the first Muslim invited to give the invocation prayer at the Democratic National Convention in 2000 .
Hathout was the recipient of many awards , including the George Regas Courageous Peacemaker Award , the Islamic Shura Council of Southern California 's Lifetime Service Award , the South Coast Interfaith Council Award for his lifelong commitment to interfaith work and the Los Angeles County John Allen Buggs Award for excellence in human relations . He died of cancer in Duarte , California on January 3 , 2015 .
References
External links
Mathout 's website
1936 births
2015 deaths
American Muslims
Deaths from cancer in California
Egyptian emigrants to the United States
Marayke Caroline Jonkers ( born 13 September 1981 ) is a retired Australian Paralympic swimmer and paratriathlete . She won two bronze medals at the 2004 Athens Paralympics and a silver medal at the 2008 Beijing Paralympics , along with a bronze medal at the 2010 Budapest ITU Triathlon World Championships .
Personal
Jonkers was born on 13 September 1981 in Hobart , and moved to Queensland as a baby . She lives in the Sunshine Coast of Queensland . She became a paraplegic due to a car accident at the age of eight months . She studied Communications and Social Science at the University of the Sunshine Coast where she received two bachelor 's degrees . She works as a motivational speaker . In 2009 , she became a graduate employment consultant for STEPS Disability Qld .
As part of her university studies , she completed an internship with the Australian Broadcasting Corporation working in ABC Online and the Stateline television show . She has had stories published in The Sunshine Coast Daily and The Weekender . She answered fashion questions in the April 2008 edition of Link Magazine .
Sporting career
In swimming , Jonkers competed in the S5 ( classification ) for freestyle , butterfly and backstroke as well as the SM4 individual medley and SB3 breaststroke events . She represents the Maroochydore Swimming Club at national competitions . Jonkers broke more than 70 Australian national swimming records in the breaststroke , individual medley , freestyle and butterfly . She also set a world record for the 100 m butterfly event .
Jonkers ' began representing her state of Queensland at the age of twelve , and first represented Australia in 1999 , winning a gold medal in that year 's FESPIC Games . Her first Paralympics was the 2000 Sydney Games , where she placed fourth and sixth . At the 2002 IPC Swimming World Championships , she won two swimming silver medals . At the 2004 Athens Paralympics , Jonkers won two swimming bronze medals in the Women 's 150 m Individual Medley SM4 and Women 's 50 m Breaststroke SB3 events . She competed at the 2008 Beijing Paralympics , where she was one of Australia 's oldest swimmers . She won a silver medal at the Games in the Women 's 150 m Individual Medley SM4 event with a time of 3:28.88 . In 2009 , she set a world record in the 150 m individual medley at Australia 's national short course championships held in Hobart . In 2010 , she competed at the Queensland Swimming Age Multi Class Championships . She competed in the women 's 100 m Breaststroke event , finishing third with a time of 02:50.59 . In 2010 , at the age of 30 , she also competed at the 2010 Telstra Australian Championships the Over 12 years 150 m Medley event where she made the final finished with a time of 4:07.51 . She also made the finals in the Over 12 years 50 m Breaststroke event . She was the Australian flag-bearer for the 2010 IPC Swimming World Championships in Eindhoven , the Netherlands , where she won a bronze medal in the 50 m breaststroke SB3 and was part of the 20-point 4×50 m relay team that broke an Oceania record .
Jonkers ' first paratriathlon competition was as social event related to the 2009 ITU Triathlon World Championships in the Gold Coast . She became Australia 's first female paratriathlete and paratriathlon medallist when she competed in the 2010 championships in Budapest , winning a bronze medal in the TRI-1 classification in a time of 2:12:40 , eleven minutes better than her previous personal best . She had an Australian Institute of Sport Paralympic swimming scholarship .
On 9 December 2011 , she announced her retirement from competitive swimming due to thoracic outlet syndrome .
Recognition
Jonkers received an Australian Sports Medal in 2000 . At the age of 23 , she was named the 2005 Queensland Young Achiever by Premier Peter Beattie . In 2007 , she was named the inaugural winner of Cosmopolitan magazine 's `` fun fearless female award '' recognising Australia 's most inspirational women who are encouraging others to pursue their dreams . She was featured on page 76 of Cosmopolitan the month that she was recognised . She used her prize money to set up the `` Sporting Dreams Fund '' , which helps people with disabilities to develop their sporting talents . In 2010 , she was named the Sporting Wheelie of the Year by the Sporting Wheelies and Disabled Association . In 2011 , she was an Australia Day Ambassador .
References
External links
Female Paralympic swimmers of Australia
Australian female triathletes
Paratriathletes of Australia
Swimmers at the 2000 Summer Paralympics
Swimmers at the 2004 Summer Paralympics
Swimmers at the 2008 Summer Paralympics
Medalists at the 2004 Summer Paralympics
Medalists at the 2008 Summer Paralympics
Paralympic silver medalists for Australia
Paralympic bronze medalists for Australia
Wheelchair category Paralympic competitors
Australian Institute of Sport Paralympic swimmers
People with paraplegia
Sportswomen from Tasmania
Sportswomen from Queensland
University of the Sunshine Coast alumni
Recipients of the Australian Sports Medal
1981 births
Living people
Medalists at the World Para Swimming Championships
Paralympic medalists in swimming
Australian female medley swimmers
Australian female breaststroke swimmers
S5-classified Paralympic swimmers
The Institute for the Study and Elimination of Jewish Influence on German Church Life was a cross-church establishment by eleven German Protestant churches in Nazi Germany , founded at the instigation of the German Christian movement . It was set up in Eisenach under Siegfried Leffler and Walter Grundmann .
Georg Bertram , professor of New Testament at the University of Giessen , who led the Institute from 1943 until the Institute 's dissolution in May 1945 , wrote about its goals in March 1944 : `` 'This war is Jewry 's war against Europe . ' This sentence contains a truth which is again and again confirmed by the research of the Institute . This research work is not only adjusted to the frontal attack , but also to the strengthening of the inner front for attack and defence against all the covert Jewry and Jewish being , which has oozed into the Occidental Culture in the course of centuries , ... thus the Institute , in addition to the study and elimination of the Jewish influence , also has the positive task of understanding the own Christian German being and the organisation of a pious German life based on this knowledge . ''
The Institute produced a Bible without the Old Testament and remade the New Testament , removing the genealogies of Jesus that showed his Davidic descent . It removed Jewish names and places , quotations from the Old Testament ( unless they showed Jews in a bad light ) , and any mentions of fulfilled Old Testament prophecies . It remade Jesus into a militaristic , heroic figure fighting the Jews using Nazified language .
In 1942 , the Institute produced a hymn book , Grosser Gott wir loben Dich , which likewise removed any references to Zion , Jehovah , Jerusalem , Temple and Psalm . Words were substantially rewritten and many 19th- and 20th-century authors were represented who were previously not . It was about half the size of previous hymn books .
The Lutherhaus Eisenach has been showing the special exhibition Study and Eradication . The Church 's ‘ Dejudaization Institute ' , 1939–1945 , which examines the institute 's historical background , origins , work and impact , since 2019 . The exhibition will remain on display until the end of 2022 .
Founding churches
The Evangelical Church in Central Germany , Evangelical Lutheran Church in Northern Germany , Evangelical Lutheran Regional Church of Saxony , Evangelical Regional Church of Anhalt , Evangelical Church in Hesse and Nassau , Evangelical Lutheran Church in Oldenburg , Evangelical Church of the Palatinate ( Protestant Regional Church ) and Evangelical Church of the Augsburg Confession in Austria and Helvetic Confessions in Austria . The Union of Evangelical Churches was composed of individual member churches .
Bibliography
Jochen Birkenmeier , Michael Weise : Study and Eradication . The Church 's „ Dejudaization Institute “ , 1939–1945 . Companion Volume to the Exhibition , Eisenach : Stiftung Lutherhaus Eisenach 2020 ;
Heschel , Susannah : The theological Faculty at the university of Jena as a Stronghold of national Socialism ; in : Mordechai Feingold : History of Universities ; Oxford 2003 ; S. 143–169 ;
Susannah Heschel : Theologen für Hitler . Walter Grundmann und das „ Institut zur Erforschung und Beseitigung des jüdischen Einflusses auf das deutsche kirchliche Leben “ ; S. 125–170
Fritz-Bauer-Institut ( Hrsg . ) : „ Beseitigung des jüdischen Einflusses … “ Antisemitische Forschung , Eliten und Karrieren im Nationalsozialismus ; Jahrbuch 1998/99 zur Geschichte und Wirkung des Holocaust ; Darmstadt 1999
Hans Prolingheuer : Wir sind in die Irre gegangen . Die Schuld der Kirche unterm Hakenkreuz , nach dem Bekenntnis des `` Darmstädter Wortes '' von 1947 , Köln : Pahl-Rugenstein 1987 ; .
Eberhard Röhm , Jörg Thierfelder : Juden-Christen-Deutsche , Vol 3/II : 1938-1941 ; Calwer Taschenbibliothek 51 ; Stuttgart : Calwer Verlag 1995 ; ; S. 43–54
Thomas A. Seidel ( Hrsg . ) : Thüringer Gratwanderungen . Beiträge zur 75jährigen Geschichte der evangelischen Landeskirche Thüringens ; Reihe : Herbergen der Christenheit . Jahrbuch für deutsche Kirchengeschichte , Sonderband 3 ; Leipzig : Evangelische Verlagsanstalt , 1998 ;
Erich Stegmann : Der Kirchenkampf in der Thüringer Evangelischen Kirche 1933-1945 ; Berlin : Evangelische Verlagsanstalt ; Jena : Wartburg-Verlag Kessler , 1984 ;
Leonore Siegele-Wenschkewitz ( ed . ) : Christlicher Antijudaismus und Antisemitismus . Theologische und kirchliche Programme Deutscher Christen ; Arnoldshainer Texte 85 ; Frankfurt am Main : Haag und Herchen , 1994 ; ; darin :
Birgit Jerke : Wie wurde das Neue Testament zu einem sogenannten Volkstestament „ entjudet “ ? Aus der Arbeit des Eisenacher „ Instituts zur Erforschung und Beseitigung des jüdischen Einflusses auf das deutsche kirchliche Leben “ ;
Birgit Gregor ( =Jerke ) : Zum protestantischen Antisemitismus . Evangelische Kirchen und Theologen in der Zeit des Nationalsozialismus ; in : Jahrbuch 1998/99 zur Geschichte und Wirkung des Holocaust ; Darmstadt 1999 ; S. 171–200
Matthias Wolfes : Protestantische Theologie und moderne Welt – Studien zur Geschichte der liberalen Theologie nach 1918 ; Theologische Bibliothek Töpelmann 102 ; Berlin/New York 1999 ; S. 366–380 ;
Peter von der Osten-Sacken ( Hg . ) : Das mißbrauchte Evangelium . Studien zu Theologie und Praxis der Thüringer Deutschen Christen ; Berlin : Institut Kirche und Judentum , 2002 ;
Jan Björn Potthast : Das jüdische Zentralmuseum der SS in Prag . Gegnerforschung und Völkermord im Nationalsozialismus Frankfurt/Main , New York : 2002 ; S. 32f .
References
Nazi Party organizations
Nazi Germany and Protestantism
Biblical criticism
ICFAI University , Nagaland , formerly known by its full name Institute of Chartered Financial Analysts of India University ( Nagaland ) , is a private university located in Sovima , Nagaland , India . The university was established in 2006 under the Institute of Chartered Financial Analysts of India University , ( Nagaland ) Act 2006 and renamed in 2015 under the ICFAI University , Nagaland ( Amendment ) Act , 2014 .
C.P . Alexander was the Vice-Chancellor ( VC ) of the university from 2016 until his death in 2019 . Arun Kumar Varma was appointed VC in April 2021 .
References
External links
2009 establishments in Nagaland
Educational institutions established in 2009
Universities and colleges in Nagaland
Private universities in India
Elizabeth Town is a populated rural area in Meander Valley , Tasmania bisected by the Bass Highway .
The area is largely a farming district . Significant agricultural enterprises include organic dairy producer Elgaar Farm , berry producer Christmas Hills Raspberry Farm and the Ashgrove Cheese Farm .
Land grants began in the area from the 1820s , and later a town was laid out based on allotments . Until the 1970s , when some land was further subdivided on the east side of what is now the Bass Highway , the town area had only three houses and had not become a population centre . Consequent to the subdivision more dwellings were built and there were more than forty by 2002 . At the 2006 census , the Elizabeth Town area had a population of 502 . John Spicer built and opened a hotel on the road from Deloraine north to Devonport in the 1850s . Just prior to 1900 the then owner , Charles Slater , demolished the building replaced it with the current structure . Slater had used money from a lottery win to build the new hotel . The hotel , which sits by the Bass Highway , is now run as ETC—the Elizabeth Town café .
Elizabeth once had a school , tennis courts , a Catholic church , an Anglican church , post office and a hall . Of these only two church buildings remain converted to houses . A post office opened on in September 1860 , with a resident post master , and closed in 1969 .
The Tasmanian Archdiocese extended Roman Catholic services to cover Elizabeth Town in 1924 . A new church was built and first held services 22 January 1939 . It was a contemporary style brick building with a tiled roof , concrete slab foundation , Tasmanian hardwood ceiling and coloured leadlight windows . The church 's land had been donated by Mr T Clearly , then owner of the hotel . The Church of Our Lady Help of Christians was designed to hold 100 parishioners . Anglican services were first held in the Elizabeth Town state school . The foundation stone for the Anglican Holy Cross church was laid in January 1892 and it opened for services in January 1893 . This church was replaced in the 1950s and a five sided apsidal sanctuary was built in 1955 and dedicated in August of the same year . The building was remodelled and had a vestry added in 1966 . The church celebrated its 60th anniversary in December 1952 , but by was only used for Christmas services . The church closed and a decision to sell it made in 2011 by the Parish of Deloraine to sell this in 2011 .
References
Bibliography
Localities of Meander Valley Council
Towns in Tasmania
The slaty robin ( Peneothello cyanus ) , also known as the blue-grey robin , is a species of bird in the family Petroicidae , present in the New Guinea Highlands and sparsely in the island 's northern areas .
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests .
Described by Italian naturalist , Tommaso Salvadori , in 1874 , the slaty robin is a member of the Australasian robin family Petroicidae . Sibley and Ahlquist 's DNA-DNA hybridisation studies placed this group in a Corvida parvorder comprising many tropical and Australian passerines including pardalotes , fairy-wrens , honeyeaters , and crows . However , subsequent molecular research ( and current consensus ) places the robins as a very early offshoot of the Passerida ( or `` advanced '' songbirds ) , within the songbird lineage .
Measuring , the slaty robin has fairly uniform blue-grey plumage , which is slightly lighter underneath and slightly darker on the cheeks and face . The tail and flight feathers are grey-black . The bill and feet are black , and the eyes are dark brown .
The slaty robin is found in the highlands of New Guinea from altitudes of . Within the rainforest it is found in pairs in the understory or on the ground . It is insectivorous , and hunts by gleaning . It eats ants , beetles , and thyonnid wasps .
The nest is a deep cup made of rootlets and lined with moss , and is generally placed in a tree fork around above the ground . One or two pale-greenish or olive eggs , splotched with olive or brown , are laid , and measure 23.5 mm x 17–19 mm .
References
slaty robin
slaty robin
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The white-winged tanager ( Piranga leucoptera ) is a medium-sized American songbird in the family Cardinalidae , the cardinals or cardinal grosbeaks . It is found from Mexico , through Central America , across northern South America and as far south as Bolivia .
Taxonomy and systematics
The white-winged tanager and the other species of genus Piranga were originally placed in the family Thraupidae , the `` true '' tanagers . Since approximately 2008 they have been placed in their current family . It and the red-headed tanager ( Piranga erythrocephala ) have sometimes been placed in genus Spermagra .
The white-winged tanager has four recognized subspecies , the nominate Piranga leucoptera leucoptera , P. l. latifasciata , P. l. venezuelae , and P. l. ardens .
Description
The white-winged tanager is approximately long and weighs . The nominate male is mostly red , with a black `` mask '' and black wings with white wing bars . The female is dull olive-yellow , but retains the black wings and white wing bars . The juvenile is similar to the female , but duller . The male P. l. latifasciata is darker red and the female a more intense yellow ; both sexes have broader white wing bars . The male P. l. venezuelae differs from the nominate only in having a smaller `` mask '' . P. l. ardens is similar to venezuelae but the lower wing bar is narrower .
Distribution and habitat
The range of white-winged tanager consists of several discontinuous areas . The four subspecies are found thus :
P. l. leucoptera , from southern Tamaulipas state in Mexico south through Guatemala , Belize , El Salvador and Honduras into north central Nicaragua .
P. l. latifasciata , Costa Rica and western Panama .
P. l. venezuelae , the Andes of Colombia ( except in Nariño Department ) east through Venezuela into Guyana and far northern Brazil .
P. l. ardens , the west slope of the Andes from Nariño in Colombia south to southwestern Ecuador , and the east slope from Ecuador through Peru to Bolivia 's Chuquisaca Department .
In Mexico and northern Central America the white-winged tanager inhabits pine-oak forest and shady coffee plantations . In the rest of its range it is found in humid montane forest , cloud forest , and mature secondary forest . It also can be found in coffee plantations and drier forest . In Mexico it ranges between of elevation , though it is mostly found above on the Atlantic side . In Costa Rica it is found between . In Venezuela north of the Orinoco River it ranges from and south of the river from . It is found between in Colombia , Ecuador , and Peru .
Behavior
Feeding
The white-winged tanager 's diet includes fruit , berries , seeds , and probably insects . Pairs and small groups forage in the forest canopy or edge and may join mixed-species foraging flocks .
Breeding
A female white-winged tanager was documented building a small cup nest high up on a mossy branch . No other information about the species ' breeding phenology has been published .
Vocalization
The white-winged tanager 's song is `` a thin , wiry ' e-seé-se-whéét ' '' . It has a variety of calls .
Status
The IUCN has assessed the white-winged tanager as being of The Least Concern . It is found in many protected areas and much of its range outside them also has intact habitat .
References
white-winged tanager
Birds of Central America
Birds of the Northern Andes
white-winged tanager
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Football is the second most popular sport in Nicaragua after baseball .
National team
League system
References
External links
Football in Nicaragua - FIFA
The Talisman Crown was created by De Beers Diamond Jewellers in celebration of Queen Elizabeth II 's 60th Diamond Jubilee , which marked the 60th year of Elizabeth II 's reign .
The Talisman Crown is decorated with both rough and polished diamonds , a juxtaposition De Beers previously used in their Talisman collection . `` Rough diamonds were once worn exclusively by kings and queens , [ and were believed ] to bring power , protection and prosperity , '' says De Beers 's C.E.O. , François Delage . `` We carefully explored a range of colors , shapes and quality of diamonds to create rich contrasts that bring together a story of time told through light . ''
Description
The De Beers Talisman Crown has a total of 974 diamonds , including a 73-carat central rough diamond . `` The uncut diamond wields a unique power and brings luck . Napoleon carried one in his pocket every time he went into battle , '' a De Beers employee explained at the crown 's unveiling in the flagship store on Old Bond Street in London .
797 of the 974 diamonds are polished and 177 are rough . The crown took over 100 hours to complete according to De Beers .
Viewing the Crown
The crown was originally displayed in Harrod 's of London in June 2012 and after some time in the De Beers Diamond Jewelers flagship store on Old Bond Street , the crown toured Beijing , Shanghai , Hong Kong , and New York City .
References
External links
De Beers
De Beers
Individual crowns
Aliabad ( , also romanized as ‘ Alīābād ) is a village in Estabraq Rural District , in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County , Kerman Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 97 , in 23 families .
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
The 2017 season is IFK Mariehamn 's 13th Veikkausliiga season since their promotion back to the top flight in 2005 . They are the defending Veikkausliiga champions .
Squad
Transfers
Winter
In :
Out :
Summer
In :
Out :
Competitions
Veikkausliiga
League table
Results summary
Results by matchday
Results
Finnish Cup
Sixth Round
Knockout Stage
UEFA Champions League
Qualifying Rounds
Squad Statistics
Appearances and goals
|-
|colspan= '' 14 '' |Trialists :
|-
|colspan= '' 14 '' |Players who left IFK Mariehamn during the season :
| }
Goal scorers
Disciplinary Record
References
External links
Official website
IFK Mariehamn seasons
IFK Mariehamn
The 1983 San Francisco mayoral recall election was held on April 26 , 1983 to determine whether mayor Dianne Feinstein should be removed from office . The recall measure was overwhelmingly defeated , and Feinstein remained in office .
Background
In 1983 , Feinstein passed a handgun ban ( later overturned by the state court of appeals ) . This angered the White Panther Party , who then organized a successful effort to force a recall election against Feinstein . The White Panther Party 's efforts to collect signature were aided by recent anger ( particularly in the city 's gay community ) over Feinstein 's veto of legislation which would have extended city-employee benefits to domestic partners .
Campaign
Feinstein was considered to be a popular mayor . By the time of election day , Feinstein 's victory was seen as a foregone conclusion .
Feinstein 's campaign had organized a very successful effort to encourage voters to use absentee ballots , and distributed absentee ballots to voters ahead of the election .
Despite some disapproval of Feinstein among the gay community , they did not heavily support recalling Feinstein .
Results
Feinstein only lost a single precinct out of the city 's 710 voting precincts . The precinct she failed to win ( which was the home district of the White Panther Party which had organized the effort to recall Feinstein ) saw her lose by only a single vote .
References
San Francisco mayoral recall
Mayoral elections in San Francisco
San Francisco
Recall
San Francisco 1983
Tim Vega ( born Timothy Martin Vega ; September 14 , 1965 – April 29 , 2002 ) was an American graphic designer best known for his work with several musical acts , especially jam bands . Among his patrons were Blues Traveler , Gov't Mule , and Spin Doctors .
Background
Vega was a New York City native , son of novelist Edgardo Vega Yunqué , and Suzanne Vega 's younger half-brother .
He started out in the graffiti art scene . Before long , his art appeared on official T-shirts for Blues Traveler , and even created the cover art for the band 's self-titled debut album . He would later design posters for H.O.R.D.E , the music festival founded by the aforementioned act . In addition to his work with Blues Traveler , Vega is credited with creating the original logo for Gov't Mule , and several items for Spin Doctors . He designed the Warhol-esque tour T-shirt for his sister 's album 99.9F° . During the tour supporting the album 99.9F° , he worked for his sister selling merchandise , including t-shirts with the images he created .
He was the in-house painter for Larry Bloch 's Wetlands Preserve nightclub in New York City . He painted everything from the Volkswagen bus in the lobby to the bathrooms ( which were painted several times ) . His work can be seen in the film Wetlands Preserved : The Story of an Activist Rock Club . In 2001 , Vega worked as a production assistant for `` On Stage ! At the Twin Towers '' , a music festival held at the World Trade Center in New York City . He avoided being one of the victims of the September 11 , 2001 attacks , because he called in sick for work that day .
Death
Vega died on April 29 , 2002 . He worked at the World Trade Center , and though not present during the September 11 attacks , his alcoholism in the months that followed proved fatal . Later that year , a fortnight-long tribute was held ( beginning December 6 , 2002 ) and featured performances from Blues Traveler John Popper , Warren Haynes , Joan Osborne , among many others .
Suzanne Vega 's Beauty & Crime was released in 2007 , dedicated to the memory of Tim Vega .
References
External links
Official website
1965 births
2002 deaths
American people of Puerto Rican descent
American graphic designers
American graffiti artists
20th-century American painters
20th-century American male artists
American male painters
The Supreme Court Act 2003 ( Public Act No 53 2003 ) was an Act of the Parliament of New Zealand which created the Supreme Court of New Zealand as the country 's court of final appeal , and which consequentially abolished appeals to the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council in the United Kingdom . The Act was repealed on 1 March 2017 and replaced by the Senior Courts Act 2016 .
Background
Purpose
Section 3 of the Act states its purpose :
See also
Constitution of New Zealand
References
Statutes of New Zealand
Government of New Zealand
Supreme Court of New Zealand
2003 in New Zealand law
Constitution of New Zealand
Repealed New Zealand legislation
Catherine Brosnaham Coffey ( 1805 – 31 August 1894 ) was an Irish-born lay woman , a pioneer in the Port Phillip District ( now State of Victoria ) , the first Catholic school teacher in Melbourne and the first sacristan of the first catholic church in Victoria , St Francis . She taught catechism classes to children in colonial Melbourne , a role generally reserved for ordained male priests , prior to the arrival of the colony 's first Catholic priest in 1839 . Coffey and her husband Jeremiah were early pioneers in the colony , having arrived in 1838 , only three years after the first settlement on the banks of the Yarra River in 1835 . Coffey 's contribution to Catholic education was celebrated in a St Patrick 's Day pageant at the Melbourne Town Hall in 1930 and she was singled out by Archbishop Justin Simonds in 1939 in a requiem for pioneers as “ an outstanding Catholic personality ” .
Early life and work
In 1838 Coffey travelled from Ireland to the Port Phillip District ( now the state of Victoria ) , via Tasmania , with her husband Jeremiah and their large family . They were early pioneers to the area , the first settlement on the banks of the Yarra River having only taken place in 1835 . The first Catholic priest , Fr Patrick Geoghegan , a Franciscan friar , did n't arrive in the colony until 1839 , and Catherine taught Roman Catholic catechesis to children during the period when no Catholic priest was available . Roman Catholic canon law gives the responsibility of teaching children the catechism to pastors , bishops , clerics and members of religious societies . Catherine Coffey was the first lay person and the first woman reported to have taught the Catholic catechism to children in Victoria , and is referred to as the first teacher at a Catholic school in Melbourne in multiple sources .
Prior to Geoghegan 's arrival , Catholics would have met together for prayers in each other 's homes . When Geoghegan arrived in 1839 he praised Coffey for her initiative and for her “ care and zeal ” in establishing and conducting the first school in Melbourne . Coffey 's contribution to Catholic education was celebrated in a St Patrick 's Day pageant at the Melbourne Town Hall in 1930 . She was also singled out by Archbishop Justin Simonds as “ an outstanding Catholic personality ” in a requiem for pioneers in 1939 .
After Geoghegan arrived the first mass was held on 19 May 1839 on the corner of what is now Little Collins and Elizabeth Streets in Melbourne , in an open-roofed building . He used a small travelling wooden box that belonged to Catherine Coffey , covered with a linen cloth , as the altar for the first mass ever held in the Port Phillip District . This box is still held by the Catholic Archdiocese of Melbourne at the Goold Catholic Museum . The museum was named after the first Archbishop of Melbourne , James Alipius Goold .
Family life and death
After leaving the Port Phillip District the Coffey family spent about 10 years on a property on the Great Dividing Range , before settling in Spring Hill , Creswick on some of the earliest land purchased in Victoria . They later moved to Ballarat . Catherine and Jeremiah Coffey had many children , six of whom pre-deceased them ; they were survived only by their youngest child . An obituary published on 3 September 1894 noted : `` Mrs Coffey was the mother of a fine family whose members were well known and highly respected in the district '' . Both Catherine and Jeremiah are buried in the Catholic section of the Creswick New Cemetery in regional Victoria .
References
External links
Catholic Archdiocese of Melbourne - Historical Records
Creswick Cemetery
1805 births
1894 deaths
Australian Roman Catholics
19th-century Australian educators
19th-century Australian women
The Lay ( ) is a river in the Vendée département , western France . Its source is at Saint-Pierre-du-Chemin and it flows generally southwest . It flows into the Bay of Biscay between La Faute-sur-Mer and L'Aiguillon-sur-Mer , northwest of La Rochelle .
Its main tributaries are the Yon and the Smagne .
Communes along its course
This list is ordered from source to mouth :
Vendée : Saint-Pierre-du-Chemin , Menomblet , Réaumur , Montournais , La Meilleraie-Tillay , Pouzauges , Le Boupère , Monsireigne , Saint-Prouant , Sigournais , Bazoges-en-Pareds , Chantonnay , La Réorthe , Bournezeau , Sainte-Hermine , Sainte-Pexine , Moutiers-sur-le-Lay , Bessay , Mareuil-sur-Lay-Dissais , La Couture , Péault , La Bretonnière-la-Claye , Rosnay , Le Champ-Saint-Père , Saint-Vincent-sur-Graon , Saint-Cyr-en-Talmondais , Curzon , Lairoux , Saint-Benoist-sur-Mer , Grues , Angles , La Faute-sur-Mer , L'Aiguillon-sur-Mer ,
References
0Lay
Rivers of France
Rivers of Vendée
Rivers of Pays de la Loire
Marling School is a grammar school with academy status for boys , with a co-educational Sixth Form located in Stroud , Gloucestershire , England . It is on the Cainscross Road , the main route out of Stroud towards the M5 , and is situated next to the girls ' grammar school , Stroud High School , with which it shares some facilities .
History
Marling School is the oldest secondary school in Stroud , having been founded in 1887 by Sir Samuel Marling , a local cloth manufacturer and former Liberal Member of Parliament , along with Sir Francis Hyett and Mr S.S. Dickinson .
In 1882 , Sir Samuel Marling offered £10,000 towards the building of the school , and the school also inherited a number of endowments from the Red Coat School which was founded in 1642 by Thomas Webb , the St Chloe School founded at Amberley by Nathaniel Cambridge in 1699 , and the educational charities established in the 17th and 18th centuries by William Johns and Robert Aldridge .
The new school opened to fee-paying pupils , which included some boarding students , in 1889 . In 1909 , under a new scheme the school became a public secondary school . Its endowments , along with those of the Stroud School of Science and Art and the Stroud High School for girls , were placed under the administration of a body called the Stroud Educational Foundation .
The old school houses were built shortly after the school 's foundation , designed by W. H. Seth-Smith .
In 1965 , the school was amalgamated with the Stroud Technical School for Boys which had been founded on a neighbouring site in 1910 . The Technical School buildings now form the Art and Drama departments .
The head teacher David Lock was dismissed for gross misconduct in 2007 after allegations of bullying .
Following the appointment of Dr Stuart Wilson as the new headteacher in 2010 , Marling School converted to an academy in August 2011 .
The left hand side of the school shield contains the Marling family crest while the right hand side relates to the marriage of Samuel Stephens Marling to Margaret Williams Cartwright of Devizes .
Facilities
Marling School has a programme of rebuilding and refurbishment to improve the learning environment .
Following a successful bid to the EFA , the school was awarded a grant of £3.5 million to build a new block , named 'West Block ' that houses the Geography , Mathematics and Religious Education departments and a new dining hall overlooking the cricket pitch and pavilion . The old dining hall is now mostly unused . The Design and Technology block incorporates teaching rooms for food technology , graphical products , resistant materials and electronics . This building is shared with Stroud High School . The South Block built in 2005 houses English , Foreign Languages and Computing Science . The old gymnasium has been refurbished and repurposed as a library and school archive .
In late 2019 , old , derelict original school buildings were refurbished and the History department now occupies them , moving out of the South Block and making way for more English and Maths . These new refurbished buildings are called 'East Block ' . The Science department is situated in three buildings , near East Block , one being shared with Stroud High School , and another , which was built later and is more modern .
A modern sixth form block serves the students of both the Marling School and Stroud High School . This was the building used by Downfield Sixth Form until the two schools split into having their own sixth forms .
Notable alumni
Peter Barnes - Dramatist
Eugene Paul Bennett , VC - Soldier
Mark Chappell - Writer
Reginald Clarry - Member of Parliament
Prof Philip Dee CBE FRS , Physicist
Patric Dickinson - Genealogist and herald
Professor Brian Gardiner , palaeontologist and zoologist .
Giles Harrison - Physicist
Peter Hennessy , Baron Hennessy of Nympsfield , - Historian and political journalist
Jack Lee - Film director
Laurie Lee - Poet , Novelist and screenwriter
Tim McInnerny - Actor
Roderick Oliver Redman - Professor of Astrophysics and past President of the Royal Astronomical Society
Christian Ribeiro - Footballer
Carl Trueman - Theologian
Colin Walker - Cellist
References
External links
School website
School Virtual Learning Environment
Stroud
Grammar schools in Gloucestershire
Academies in Gloucestershire
1887 establishments in England
Educational institutions established in 1887
Sir John Edgar Galsworthy ( 19 June 1919 – 18 May 1992 ) was a British diplomat , ambassador to Mexico 1972–1977 , and counsellor to the UK delegation to the EEC . He was knighted KCVO in 1975 on the occasion of the Queen 's state visit to Mexico .
He was educated at Emanuel School and Corpus Christi College , Cambridge , and served in World War II as an officer in the Duke of Cornwall 's Light Infantry . His service number was 130051 .
Galsworthy 's brother , Sir Arthur Galsworthy KCVO , was the Governor of the Pitcairn Islands and High Commissioner to New Zealand from 1970 to 1973 . In 1973 , he was appointed Ambassador to the Republic of Ireland , where he served from 1973 to 1976 . Arthur Galsworthy is the father of the diplomat Sir Anthony Galsworthy .
References
GALSWORTHY , Sir John ( Edgar ) , Who Was Who , A & C Black , 1920–2015 ( online edition , Oxford University Press , 2014 )
External links
Convention on the Prevention of Marine Pollution
Knights Commander of the Royal Victorian Order
Companions of the Order of St Michael and St George
Ambassadors of the United Kingdom to Mexico
Duke of Cornwall 's Light Infantry officers
British Army personnel of World War II
1919 births
1992 deaths
People educated at Emanuel School
Alumni of Corpus Christi College , Cambridge
British expatriates in New Zealand
British expatriates in Ireland
The 14th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron is an inactive United States Air Force unit . Its last assignment was with the 53d Fighter Group at Sioux City Municipal Airport , Iowa , where it was inactivated on 1 April 1960 .
The squadron was first activated in 1941 as the 14th Fighter Squadron . It served in the air defense of the Panama Canal during most of 1942 , then returned to the United States and served as a Replacement Training Unit until it was disbanded in a general reorganization of Army Air Forces training units in the spring of 1944 . From 1947 through 1949 the 14th served as a reserve unit . It was activated again in 1953 as an interceptor unit .
History
World War II
The squadron was first activated in January 1941 at MacDill Field , Florida as one of the three original squadrons of the 53d Pursuit Group . In May , it moved with the group to Dale Mabry Field , Florida , where it trained with Seversky P-35s and Curtiss P-40 Warhawks . Following the Pearl Harbor Attack , The squadron converted to Bell P-39 Airacobras as it prepared to deploy to Panama as part of the defenses of the Panama Canal .
On 2 January 1942 the 14th moved to Chame Airfield , Panama , an auxiliary field of Albrook Field . By 16 February , the Squadron had 12 P-39Ds ( of which nine were airworthy ) and not fewer than 26 pilots , but of these , only four had more than 12 months experience . Following its initial encampment at Chame No . 1 , the Squadron moved to the nearby Chame No . 2 on 1 April 1942 . The unit was redesignated the 14th Fighter Squadron on 15 May 1942 , as were other Army Air Forces ( AAF ) pursuit units . The squadron remained at Chame until 10 November 1942 , when it was relieved by the 28th Fighter Squadron , and returned to the United States .
Upon returning to the United States , the squadron became a Replacement Training Unit ( RTU ) . RTUs were oversized units , whose mission was to train individual pilots or aircrews . It provided instruction in Airacobras , and later in North American P-51 Mustangs and Republic P-47 Thunderbolts . However , the AAF was finding that standard military units like the 14th , based on relatively inflexible tables of organization were not proving well adapted to the training mission . Accordingly , it adopted a more functional system which each base was organized into a separate numbered unit . On 1 May 1944 , the 14th and its sister training unit , the 13th Fighter Squadron were disbanded , and RTU activities at Venice Army Air Field , Florida ( the squadron 's base since July 1943 ) , were absorbed by the 337th AAF Base Unit ( Replacement Training Unit , Fighter ) .
Reserve duty
The squadron was reconstituted in June 1947 and reactivated at Greater Pittsburgh Airport , Pennsylvania the following month as a reserve unit under Air Defense Command . It was initially assigned directly to Eleventh Air Force , until the fall , when it became part of the 375th Troop Carrier Group . The 444th AAF Base Unit ( Reserve Training ) ( later the 2239th Air Force Reserve Training Center ) supervised the unit 's training . In July 1948 , Continental Air Command assumed responsibility for managing reserve and Air National Guard units from ADC . It is not clear whether or not the squadron was fully staffed or equipped with operational aircraft . President Truman 's reduced 1949 defense budget required reductions in the number of units in the Air Force , and the 14th was inactivated and not replaced .
Air Defense Command
The squadron was redesignated the 14th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron and activated by Air Defense Command ( ADC ) , as the 521st Air Defense Group at Sioux City Municipal Airport , Iowa expanded from one to two interceptor squadrons . The squadron was equipped with North American F-86D Sabres equipped with fire-control radar and armed with Folding-Fin Aerial Rockets . In August 1955 , ADC implemented Project Arrow , which was designed to bring back on the active list fighter units which had compiled memorable records in the two world wars . As a result , the squadron was again assigned to the 53d Fighter Group , which replaced the 521st at Sioux City .
In 1957 , the squadron began replacing its F-86Ds with F-86Ls . The F-86L was an upgraded version of the F-86D , equipped with data link , which permitted it to receive direction from Semi-Automatic Ground Environment command centers without the need for voice communication with ground control intercept stations . The squadron inactivated in April 1960 as subsonic F-86s were withdrawn from air defense service .
Lineage
Constituted as the 14th Pursuit Squadron ( Interceptor ) on 20 November 1940
Activated on 15 January 1941
Redesignated 14th Fighter Squadron ( Single Engine ) on 15 May 1942
Disbanded on 1 May 1944
Reconstituted on 3 June 1947
Activated in the reserve on 13 July 1947
Inactivated on 27 June 1949
Redesignated 14th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron on 23 March 1953
Activated on 18 November 1953
Discontinued on 1 April 1960
Assignments
53d Pursuit Group ( later 53d Fighter Group ) , 15 January 1941 – 1 May 1944
Eleventh Air Force , 13 July 1947
375th Troop Carrier Group , 30 September 1947 – 27 June 1949
521st Air Defense Group , 18 November 1953
53d Fighter Group , 18 August 1955 – 1 April 1960
Stations
MacDill Field , Florida , 15 January 1941
Dale Mabry Field , Florida , 8 May – 18 December 1941
Chame Airfield , Panama , 2 January - 10 November 1942
Dale Mabry Field Florida , 26 November 1942
Drew Field , Florida , 6 January 1943
Page Field , Florida , 5 February 1943
Venice Army Air Field , Florida , 10 July 1943 – 1 May 1944
Greater Pittsburgh Airport , Pennsylvania , 13 July 1947 – 27 June 1949
Sioux City Municipal Airport , Iowa , 18 November 1953 – 1 April 1960
Aircraft
Seversky P-35 , 1941
Curtiss P-40 Warhawk , 1941
Bell P-39 Airacobra , 1941–1943
North American P-51 Mustang , 1943
Republic P-47 Thunderbolt , 1943–1944
North American F-86D Sabre , 1953–1957
North American F-86L Sabre , 1957–1960
References
Notes
Explanatory notes
Citations
Bibliography
Buss , Lydus H. ( ed ) , Sturm , Thomas A. , Volan , Denys , and McMullen , Richard F. , History of Continental Air Defense Command and Air Defense Command July to December 1955 , Directorate of Historical Services , Air Defense Command , Ent AFB , CO , ( 1956 )
Further reading
External links
014
Military units and formations in Iowa
Broadway in Tucson/A Nederlander Presentation is part of the nationally recognized Nederlander Producing Company of America . The Nederlander organization was awarded a contract by the City of Tucson in 2003 to present a series of Broadway musicals and special events downtown at the Tucson Music Hall and Leo Rich Theater , all of which are part of the Tucson Convention Center . Since 2003 Broadway In Tucson has been responsible for bringing over 25 Broadway shows to downtown Tucson .
February 18 , 2010 marked the press release stating that Broadway in Tucson will be bringing the smash Broadway hit Wicked to Tucson , as a part of its 2010-2011 season . For the first time ever , a Broadway in Tucson show will be held at University of Arizona 's Centennial Hall . This presentation of Wicked is co-sponsored by UApresents ; subsequently this represents the first partnership between the two organizations .
Past Seasons
2004-2005
Kenny Loggins
John Fogerty
Movin ' Out ( musical )
Peter Pan ( 1954 musical )
Chicago ( musical )
Robert Dubac 's The Male Intellect
Queensrÿche
B.B . King
Thoroughly Modern Millie ( musical )
2005-2006
Jerry Seinfeld
Dora the Explorer
The Black Crowes
Little Women
Annie
Barenaked Ladies
Linda Eder
Evita
Doctor Dolittle
Bob Dylan
Les Misérables
The Lion King
2006-2007
The Ten Tenors
Juan Gabriel
All American Rejects , Motion Picture Soundtrack , The Format , Gym Class Heroes
All Shook Up
Altar Boyz
Rent ( musical )
Dirty Rotten Scoundrels ( musical )
Damien Rice
Who 's Afraid of Virginia Woolf ?
Morrissey
Kathy Griffin
2007-2008
A staged version of Go , Diego , Go !
Avenue Q
Defending the Caveman
The Rat Pack - Live at the Sands
The Ten Tenors
The 25th Annual Putnam County Spelling Bee
Cats
2008-2009
Rain-A Tribute to The Beatles
Jesus Christ Superstar
A Bronx Tale ( play )
Grease ( musical )
Mamma Mia !
Tuna Does Vegas
2009-2010
John Legend ( Special Nederlander Concerts Event )
Monty Python 's Spamalot
The Ten Tenors Holiday Concert
Legally Blonde The Musical
Fiddler on the Roof
2010-2011
Jerry Seinfeld
The Color Purple
Disney 's Beauty and the Beast
Wicked
Spring Awakening
Burn the Floor
2011-2012
West Side Story
Shrek The Musical
Rock of Ages
In the Heights
Mary Poppins
2012-2013
Stomp
Anything Goes
Carol Burnett
Memphis
Wicked
Blue Man Group
A Million Dollar Quartet
2013-2014
Sister Act
American Idiot
Mamma Mia !
The Australian Bee Gees Show
The Wizard of Oz
I Love Lucy : Live on Stage
Jersey Boys
2014-2015
Flashdance the Musical
Disney 's Beauty and the Beast
Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat
Guys and Dolls
Alton Brown Live
Once
Newsies
2015-2016
Annie
The Phantom of the Opera
Mythbusters : Jamie and Adam Unleashed
Riverdance
The Book of Mormon
Star Trek : The Ultimate Voyage
42nd Street
Chicago
2016-2017
Cabaret
Mamma Mia !
The Sound of Music
Dirty Dancing
Motown : The Musical
Kinky Boots
Brain Candy Live !
The Bodyguard
2017-2018
Disney 's The Little Mermaid
Beautiful : The Carole King Musical
Rent
Rodgers + Hammerstein 's Cinderella
Stomp
The King and I
The Book of Mormon
Rain : A Tribute to the Beatles
Finding Neverland
2018-2019
Les Misérables
On Your Feet !
Waitress
Something Rotten !
Fiddler on the Roof
Cats
The Illusionists
2019-2020
Hello , Dolly !
Anastasia
Jesus Christ Superstar
The Play That Goes Wrong
A Bronx Tale
Come from Away
The Book of Mormon
Jersey Boys
2020-2021
Hamilton
References
External links
Culture of Tucson , Arizona
Tourist attractions in Tucson , Arizona
2009 Yokohama FC season
Competitions
Player statistics
Other pages
J . League official site
Yokohama FC
Yokohama FC seasons
The 2001–02 season of the Philippine Basketball League ( PBL ) .
2001-02 Challenge Cup
ICTSI-La Salle and Shark Power Boosters battled in a sudden death playoff for an outright semifinals berth along with Welcoat Paints . Ana Freezer and Montaña collide for the last quarterfinals slot .
Finals
Shark Energy Drink and Welcoat Paints battled for the fourth straight time in the finals series , the Energy Drink Kings retained the Challenge Cup title with a 4-1 series victory , winning Game five in overtime , 64-58 . After the finals , Welcoat co-team owner Raymund Yu confirmed that the Paintmasters will take a leave of absences for two conferences before resuming its PBL campaign .
Individual awards
Challenge Cup
Most Valuable Player : Yancy De Ocampo ( Welcoat )
Sportsmanship Award : Dondon Mendoza ( Ana Freezer )
Most Improved Player Award : Gary David ( Montaña )
Finals MVP : Warren Ybañez ( Shark )
Mythical Five
Yancy De Ocampo ( Welcoat )
Chester Tolomia ( Shark )
Renren Ritualo ( Welcoat )
Warren Ybañez ( Shark )
Allan Salangsang ( Welcoat )
2002 Chairman 's Cup
The RP Nationals did n't win a single game in all their outings against the 8 regular ballclubs .
Kutitap grabs the last semifinals slot following a victory over John-O in a do-or-die game .
Ana Freezers were actually tied with Shark and Kutitap with a 6-5 won-loss slates but were eliminated via lower quotient .
Finals
Ateneo-Hapee add another chapter to its rich and colorful basketball history , joining the elite list of PBL champions by winning their finals series over Blu Sun Power . Enrico Villanueva was voted the conference Most Valuable Player and finals MVP . Villanueva powered his way to 24 points in the title-clinching Game four . Ateneo coach Joel Banal , coaching the Blue Eagles for the first time , thank the Ateneo Alumni for their unbelievable support , other Eagles who did their share for the championship victory includes Rich Alvarez , Larry Fonacier , Celino Cruz and Gec Chia .
References
External links
www.philippinebasketball.ph
Philippine Basketball League seasons
PBL
League
League
Granite Springs is an unincorporated community in Mariposa County , California . It is located southwest of Penon Blanco Peak , at an elevation of 1417 feet ( 432 m ) .
References
Unincorporated communities in California
Unincorporated communities in Mariposa County , California
In Your Eyes is a 2014 American paranormal romance film directed by Brin Hill and written by Joss Whedon , starring Zoe Kazan , Michael Stahl-David , Nikki Reed , Steve Harris and Mark Feuerstein . It is the second feature by Bellwether Pictures . In Your Eyes , set in New Mexico and New Hampshire , follows Dylan and Rebecca . They live on opposite sides of the country , but are able to sense what the other is feeling – despite being strangers .
The film had its world premiere at the 2014 Tribeca Film Festival on April 20 . Immediately afterwards , it was self-distributed online instead of taking on theatrical distribution .
Plot
A young Rebecca Porter is about to go sledding in New Hampshire , while across the country in New Mexico , a young Dylan Kershaw is at school with a group of his friends . Suddenly , without even knowing what is happening or why , Dylan is able to experience everything that Rebecca experiences , and at the exact moment that Rebecca crashes her sled , rendering her unconscious , Dylan is thrown from his desk and is knocked out .
Twenty years later , Rebecca ( Zoe Kazan ) is married to a successful doctor , Phillip Porter ( Mark Feuerstein ) , while Dylan ( Michael Stahl-David ) has just recently gotten out of prison . One night , Rebecca attends a dinner party with her husband , and Dylan is at a local bar trying to stay out of trouble . However , a man whom he had been playing pool with earlier hits him on the back with a pool stick . The impact flings Rebecca to the floor , which she can not explain to the host of the dinner party and her husband chastises her for her behaviour afterwards .
The next day , Dylan and Becky connect once more and they learn that if they speak aloud they can hear one another , they can see what the other is looking at , and feel what the other is feeling . They establish that they are not just figments of their respective imaginations , and the presence at the other end is a real person . They talk later that night and they begin to get to know each other while they talk , show each other their surroundings , share their dreams and shared experiences , finally stepping in front of mirrors for a visual introduction .
Throughout their respective experiences of Rebecca at Philip 's fundraiser and Dylan dating a woman , they grow closer . Becky realizes that Dylan is in love with her and she herself is also falling in love with him , so she tries to break off their communication . Becky 's husband notices she has grown distant from him and he is puzzled and disturbed by her odd behavior he has seen when while she has been in mental contact with Dylan . One of her friends , thinking that Becky is either having an affair or is cracking up , brings her suspicions to him , and he and a medical colleague have her forcibly institutionalized . Dylan , on the other hand , loses his post-prison job at a car wash when customers are concerned with his mental state observing him seemingly talking to himself while he was in contact with Becky . While he is trying to make a clean break from his criminal past , he is menaced by two long-time criminal acquaintances trying to pressure him into using his skills as a burglar to help them do a heist .
Later , Dylan feels that Becky is in trouble so he violates his parole by stealing a truck to get to the airport and subsequently leaves the state without permission by taking a plane to New Hampshire to rescue Becky from the mental institution . Unable to rent a car at the airport , Dylan steals one . While she telepathically guides him on the roads between the airport and the institution , he uses his criminal smarts to guide Becky through her escape from the facility , including picking a lock on a door . Becky avoids detection until reaching the front door , where she runs into her husband and subsequently punches him in the face before fleeing the facility , while Dylan is being chased by several police cars . They both manage to elude their respective pursuers and end up on foot running through the woods towards a train . They manage to climb into an empty box car , where they finally unite in person and share a kiss .
Cast
Zoe Kazan as Rebecca Porter
Michael Stahl-David as Dylan Kershaw
Nikki Reed as Donna
Steve Harris as Giddons
Mark Feuerstein as Phillip Porter
Steve Howey as Bo Soames
David Gallagher as Lyle Soames
Michael Yebba as Chief Booth
Reed Birney as Dr. Maynard
Joe Unger as Wayne
Tamara Hickey as Dorothy
Jennifer Grey as Diane
Abigail Spencer was originally set to play the lead in the film , but the role was later given to Kazan .
Production
Principal photography began late February 2012 , in New Hampshire . Producer and co-founder of Bellwether Pictures Kai Cole elaborated on the choice , saying , “ Location is very important to me . I think people can tell when you 're tricking them with movie magic . We wanted everything to be authentic , from the architecture to the landscape and New Hampshire is perfect for us '' . Director Brin Hill added that resulting from the importance of it in the script , `` we were chasing snow . We started out in Connecticut , but there was no snow , so we moved to Ohio , but there was no snow [ ... ] and we kept moving north '' . The filming took place in Exeter , Manchester , Hooksett , Bedford , Windham , Claremont and Amherst .
The opening sequence at the sledding hill was filmed at McIntyre Ski Area , and some footage was also shot in the New Mexico desert . They wrapped their last day of filming on the East Coast in early March 2012 , moving next to Los Angeles to shoot the other half . Hill shot the film digitally with an Arri Alexa , and said that he enjoyed the `` versatility '' of it , citing its proximity in look to film as a satisfying trait for both him and his DP , Elisha Christian . The screenplay was written by Joss Whedon in the early 90s , and went through multiple rewrites over the course of two decades . To Hill , `` the most interesting aspect of the script was its theme of connection–and what it means to connect in today 's society '' .
Music
Tony Morales composed the score for In Your Eyes . It was recorded at Emoto Studios in 2013 . On collaborating with Brin Hill and Joss Whedon , Morales said , `` I primarily worked with Brin on the music for [ the film ] . Joss had a vision for the score that we were able to run with . As the sound of the score was coming together , Joss and the other producers were all part of the approval process '' . A hybrid of string instruments , piano sounds , and a variety of electronic music were used by Morales to convey a sense of `` mystery '' that could `` weave in and out '' of the `` romantic energy '' . All music was released by Lakeshore Records . The score and soundtrack were digitally available on June 10 , 2014 .
Release
In Your Eyes premiered on April 20 at the 2014 Tribeca Film Festival . In place of theatrical distribution , the film was put up for simultaneous release . The venture was announced after its debut screening in a video message from Joss Whedon , who said that the Tribeca premiere was `` not just the premiere of the film . It is the worldwide release date '' . Brin Hill described the experimental method as `` bittersweet , because it 's uncharted territory . But there 's something thrilling about this . [ ... ] There 's something exciting about just making it available everywhere to everyone at once '' .
In Your Eyes was released on DVD on February 10 , 2015 .
Reception
According to Rotten Tomatoes , 61 % of critics have given the film positive feedback ( based on 18 reviews ) .
Kurt Loder of Reason.com complimented the director for making `` a lustrous film out of Whedon 's ingenious story '' , while Mark Adams of ScreenDaily lauded it by saying , `` It has the perfect balance of humour and tenderness , with just a dash of danger and even melodrama on the side '' . John DeFore of The Hollywood Reporter praised Brin Hill 's ability to depict `` the couple 's growing intimacy '' , but felt that `` the forces keeping both from being fulfilled '' lacked development . Eric Kohn of Indiewire wrote that In Your Eyes `` successfully offers the lightweight alternative to Whedon 's bigger projects : It 's cheesy and slight , but persistently smart and entertaining within those narrow parameters '' .
The Guardian scored the film two out of five stars , calling it `` a rom-com version of The Shining '' . Peter Debruge of Variety said that the film 's `` setup never really matures beyond a sentimental teenage fantasy '' .
References
External links
2010s romantic drama films
Paranormal films
American romantic drama films
Films set in New Hampshire
Films set in New Mexico
2010s romantic fantasy films
Films with screenplays by Joss Whedon
Films about telepathy
Films shot in New Hampshire
2014 drama films
2010s English-language films
2010s American films
Gregory Nelson is a footballer .
Gregory Nelson may also refer to :
Gregory R Nelson Sr. , businessman
See also
Greg Nelson ( disambiguation )
Nelson Gregory , Home and Away character
Lord Peter Wimsey is a series of television serial adaptations of five Lord Peter Wimsey novels by Dorothy L. Sayers starring Ian Carmichael broadcast on BBC One between 1972 and 1975 , beginning with Clouds of Witness in April 1972 .
Cast
Ian Carmichael as Lord Peter Wimsey
Glyn Houston as Mervyn Bunter ( Clouds of Witness , The Nine Tailors , Five Red Herrings )
Derek Newark as Mervyn Bunter ( The Unpleasantness at the Bellona Club )
Mark Eden as Inspector Charles Parker ( Clouds of Witness , The Unpleasantness at the Bellona Club , Murder Must Advertise , The Nine Tailors )
Rachel Herbert as Lady Mary Wimsey ( Clouds of Witness , Murder Must Advertise )
Production
The adaptations star Ian Carmichael as aristocratic sleuth Lord Peter Wimsey , the second son of the Duke of Denver . Not wanting for money , charm or intelligence , Wimsey takes up detective work as an amateur pursuit , using his connections and social status to assist the police in their investigations .
Carmichael played the role concurrently in a series of BBC Radio 4 adaptations from 1973 , which eventually completed the whole sequence of Sayers 's novels . In The Radio Detectives ( 1999 ) , Carmichael recalls that he had hoped to continue with further television adaptations , but acknowledged that by 1975 he was too old to play the part onscreen for the sequence of more romantic novels featuring crime writer Harriet Vane . He felt that as a result of a technician strike , production of the fifth adaptation under a new producer , Bill Sellars , was not as successful , after which the series was not renewed . ( Three later television adaptations of the Harriet Vane stories were produced as A Dorothy L. Sayers Mystery with Edward Petherbridge as Wimsey in 1987 . )
Glyn Houston played Wimsey 's loyal valet and assistant Mervyn Bunter in three adaptations and Derek Newark in The Unpleasantness at the Bellona Club ( the character does not appear in Murder Must Advertise ) . Mark Eden played Inspector Charles Parker , Lord Peter 's friend and contact at Scotland Yard in three adaptations .
The series was recorded in the then-standard format of videotape for studio sequences ( recorded at Television Centre , London and Pebble Mill Birmingham from the second serial ) and 16mm film for exterior location scenes . Locations included St Peter 's Church , Walpole St Peter and Terrington St John , Norfolk for The Nine Tailors and Kirkcudbright , Galloway in Scotland for The Five Red Herrings , the latter almost entirely shot on film due to a technician strike , with only a few studio sequences taped in studios in Glasgow .
The 1930s-style theme tune was written by Herbert Chappell . The BBC record of Herbert Chappell 's theme tune featured a second track `` Size Ten Shuffle '' which in re-arranged form was used as the theme for FilmFair 's adaptation of Paddington Bear ( 1976–1980 ) .
Episodes
References
External links
1972 British television series debuts
1975 British television series endings
BBC television dramas
English-language television shows
1970s British drama television series
Period television series
British crime drama television series
BBC mystery television shows
Television series set in the 1930s
British detective television series
The South African Practical Shooting Association ( SAPSA ) is the South African association for practical shooting under the International Practical Shooting Confederation .
See also
South African Handgun Championship
South African Rifle Championship
References
External links
Official homepage of The South African Practical Shooting Association
Regions of the International Practical Shooting Confederation
Sports governing bodies in South Africa
Alexis `` Alex '' Rhodes ( born 1 December 1984 ) is an Australian professional racing cyclist .
On 18 July 2005 , Rhodes suffered major trauma when a car drove into a training squad of Australian cyclists training near Zeulenroda , Germany , killing her teammate Amy Gillett .
Career highlights
2002
1st Pursuit , UCI Track World Championships - Juniors
2004
1st Points race , World Cup , Sydney
3rd Pursuit , World Cup , Sydney
2005
2nd Points race , World Cup , Los Angeles
3rd Points race , World Cup , Manchester
3rd Pursuit , Australian National Track Championships , Adelaide
2006
1st Stage 3 Bay Classic , Geelong Ritchie Boulevard
3rd Pursuit , Australian National Track Championships , Adelaide
3rd Points race , Australian National Track Championships , Adelaide
2007
1st Stage 3 Bay Classic , Ritchie Boulevard
1st Stage 4 Bay Classic , Geelong Botanic Gardens
2008
1st Stage 1 Bay Classic
3rd Australian National Time Trial Championships , Ballarat
2012
2nd Team time trial , 2012 UCI Road World Championships
References
External links
Alex Rhodes profile at GreenEDGE Cycling website
2005 cyclingnews.com interview with the survivors of the accident
1984 births
Living people
Australian female cyclists
Australian track cyclists
Cyclists at the 2006 Commonwealth Games
People from Alice Springs
Sportswomen from the Northern Territory
Australian Institute of Sport cyclists
Cyclists at the 2010 Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games competitors for Australia
20th-century Australian women
21st-century Australian women
Yassıgüme is a village in the Burdur district of Burdur Province in Turkey .
References
Villages in Burdur District
The Church of Saint-Eusèbe is a Roman Catholic church in Auxerre , France . It belongs to the monastery of Saint-Eusèbe founded by Saint Palladius , the Bishop of Auxerre from 622 to 657 . The church was listed as a Class Historic Monument in 1862 .
Location
The church is located on Rue Saint-Eusèbe in Auxerre , around 150 m southeast from the 3rd-century fortification that surrounded the city at that time . It was included in the city with the construction of the second wall by Peter II of Courtenay in 1196 .
History
In 637 or around 640 , Bishop of Auxerre Saint Palladius founded a monastery dedicated to Saint Eusebius of Vercelli outside of the walls surrounding the city . The monastery was often attacked , wrecked or even destroyed , so the monks left it and the monastery became a property of Auxerre Cathedral .
In 1090 or 1100 , Bishop Humbaud increased the number of monks in the monastery and made the community regular by introducing canons from Saint-Laurent-lès-Cosne Abbey . In this way , Saint-Eusèbe became a priory affiliated with Saint-Laurent-lès-Cosne . The canons regular of Saint-Laurent re-built the monastery 's buildings and turned the church into a parish seat around 1130 .
The monastery was successively ruined , re-built and partly set on fire in 1216 .
On June 12 , 1384 , Bishop of Auxerre consecrated the church , which had been used without consecration for more than a century .
In 1523 , the apse of the church collapsed due to a lack of maintenance . Its re-construction started in 1530 , maybe as a part of a reconstruction project of the whole church . The new apse was built in the Renaissance style . The glass walls were remarked , notably the ones of the 1530 axial chapel dedicated to the Virgin Mary as well as the ones of the ambulatory which show the story of saint Laurent , the secondary patron saint of the church . New stained glass windows were installed in the church , but they were destroyed during the occupation of the city by the Protestants in 1567–8 . New stained glasses were installed , but they were damaged with time .
The portal was built in 1633 . However , the Wars of Religion in the second half of the 17th century definitely stopped the works . In 1634 , the priory of Saint-Eusèbe was affiliated with the canons regular of Sainte-Geneviève of Paris , who repaired and embellished the church . In the 18th century , the few canons remaining sold their land as separate plots , where private houses were built .
The church of Saint-Eusèbe was listed as a Class Historic Monument in 1862 .
Architecture
The nave was reworked from the 13th to the 15th century . It is adjacent to a Romanesque bell tower of the 12th century similar to the one of the Abbey of Saint-Germain d'Auxerre . The choir was re-built in the 16th century and is higher than the nave .
The portal built in 1633 has two panels : the right panel shows Saint Eusebius , while the left panel shows Saint Laurent . Statues of both saints are located on both sides of the entrance of the axial chapel .
Relics
The church hosts the relics of a 9th-century Byzantine cloth named the Shroud of Saint Germain ( suaire de saint Germain in French ) , as well as wood paintings of the Italian school of the 15th to 18th centuries .
Gallery
References
Bibliography
12th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in France
12th-century establishments in France
16th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in France
Churches in Yonne
Monuments historiques of Bourgogne-Franche-Comté
Cosmic Variance was a collaborative weblog discussing physics , astrophysics , and other topics , written by JoAnne Hewett , Mark Trodden , Sean Carroll , Risa Wechsler , Julianne Dalcanton , John Conway , and Daniel Holz . It was the successor to Carroll 's earlier blog Preposterous Universe , which began in early 2004 and ran through much of 2005 . The blog 's name came from the cosmology concept of cosmic variance .
Cosmic Variance rapidly become `` undoubtedly the most popular blog written by physicists . '' In 2006 , Nature reported that it was the fourth most popular science blog and one of only five blogs by scientists in the 3500 most popular blogs . As of July 26 , 2007 , Cosmic Variance had a Technorati authority of 1001 and rank of 2277 . In 2008 , the blog became part of the Discover magazine website .
Most writing on Cosmic Variance focused on modern physics , astrophysics , and cosmology , at a level accessible to the interested non-scientist . However , topics of discussion ranged widely , including science and religion , science journalism , higher education , and politics . Several discussions on Cosmic Variance gained attention in the print media , including a discussion on women in science that compared physicist Lisa Randall to Jodie Foster and a post by John Conway about his discovery of a `` bump '' in particle accelerator data that turned out not to be caused by the Higgs boson . When the engagement of Carroll to science writer Jennifer Ouellette was first announced on his blog , the story was picked up by both the New York Times and the prominent scientific journal Nature .
Cosmic Variance hosted a number of guest bloggers , including string theorist Joseph Polchinski reviewing Lee Smolin 's book The Trouble With Physics .
References
External links
Cosmic Variance
Blogiefy Website
Science blogs
İğdeli can refer to :
İğdeli , Burdur
İğdeli , Çorum
İğdeli , Horasan
İğdeli , Kovancılar
İğdeli , Oltu
İğdeli , Şenkaya
İğdeli , Sinanpaşa
Gay Street is a neighborhood in southeast Baltimore , Maryland .
References
Neighborhoods in Baltimore
Southeast Baltimore
the sectionsSimakan District ( ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Jahrom County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 16,973 , in 3,781 families . The District has one city : Duzeh . The District has three rural districts ( dehestan ) : Pol Beh Bala Rural District , Pol Beh Pain Rural District , and Posht Par Rural District .
References
Jahrom County
Districts of Fars Province
Pseudatteria analoga is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae . It is found in Bolivia .
The length of the forewings is about 13 mm . The forewings are orange yellow with prismatic greenish blue , black-outlined markings . The hindwings are orange yellow with black markings .
References
Moths described in 1966
Pseudatteria
Kahrizak is a city in Rey County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Kahrizak ( ) may also refer to :
Kahrizak , Alborz , a village in Savojbolagh County , Alborz Province , Iran
Kahrizak , Fars , a village in Bavanat County , Fars Province , Iran
Kahrizak , Razavi Khorasan , a village in Zaveh County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran
Kahrizak , Malard , a village in Malard County , Tehran Province , Iran
Kahrizak , Pakdasht , a village in Pakdasht County , Tehran Province , Iran
Kahrizak-e Burbur , a village in Varamin County , Tehran Province , Iran
Kahrizak District , an administrative subdivision of Rey County , Tehran Province , Iran
Kahrizak Rural District , an administrative subdivision of Rey County , Tehran Province , Iran
Kahrizak detention center , a prison
See also
Karizak ( disambiguation )
Enus is a given name and surname . Notable people with the name include :
Anton Enus , South African-born Australian news presenter
Enus Mariani ( born 1998 ) , Italian artistic gymnast
The eastern miombo sunbird or miombo double-collared sunbird ( Cinnyris manoensis ) is a species of bird in the family Nectariniidae . It is found in central and eastern Africa .
References
External links
Miombo double-collared sunbird - Species text in The Atlas of Southern African Birds .
Eastern Miombo sunbird
Birds of Southern Africa
Birds described in 1907
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Otto Salzer ( 4 April 1874 – 7 January 1944 ) was a German racing car driver , famous for his contributions to the success of Daimler-Motoren-Gesellschaft in Untertürkheim near Stuttgart , where he became team leader in 1903 , previously having worked as an engineer since 1896 .
He had some good results , and was one of the first German Grand Prix-drivers when his Mercedes team ( with Camille Jenatzy and Victor Hémery ) joined the 1907 French Grand Prix . Salzer continued in the 1908 French Grand Prix ( with Christian Lautenschlager and Willy Pöge , driving a 140 HP Mercedes ) , 1914 French Grand Prix ( with Louis Wagner ) , 1906 Circuit des Ardennes , and was also present the 1922 Italian Grand Prix .
He was born in Möglingen , Württemberg and died in Obertürkheim near Stuttgart .
References
1874 births
1944 deaths
German racing drivers
People from Ludwigsburg
Sportspeople from Stuttgart ( region )
Racing drivers from Baden-Württemberg
David Michael Carr ( September 8 , 1956 February 12 , 2015 ) was an American columnist , author , and newspaper editor . He wrote the Media Equation column and covered culture for The New York Times .
Early life
David Michael Carr was born on September 8 , 1956 in Minneapolis , to Joan Laura Carr ( née O'Neill ) , a local community leader , and John Lawrence Carr . He had three brothers and three sisters and grew up in the suburb of Minnetonka . He attended the University of Wisconsin–River Falls and the University of Minnesota ; he graduated from the latter with a degree in psychology and journalism .
Career
In the early 1980s , Carr got his first job at the alternative weekly Twin Cities Reader where he became its editor . He also edited the Washington City Paper . He wrote extensively about the media for The Atlantic Monthly and New York .
He joined The New York Times in 2002 , where he was a cultural reporter and wrote The New York Times Carpetbagger blog . He remained at The New York Times until his death .
In his 2008 memoir , The Night of the Gun , Carr detailed his experiences with cocaine addiction and included interviews with people from his past , tackling his memoir as if he were reporting on himself . The memoir was excerpted in The New York Times Magazine .
Carr was a mentor for the writer Ta-Nehisi Coates , who said in 2019 : `` I could n't imagine myself as a writer if I had not met David Carr . David Carr was the first person who ever believed in me . '' Carr was also credited for launching Lena Dunham 's career and was described by Gawker 's John Koblin as the `` Daddy '' of TV series Girls .
He was featured prominently in the 2011 documentary Page One : Inside the New York Times , where he was shown interviewing staff from Vice , whom Carr called out for their lack of journalistic knowledge . The article about Vice was noteworthy for its clear depiction of the conflict between new online journalism and traditional journalism .
In 2014 , he was named the Lack Professor of Media Studies at Boston University , a part-time position where he taught a journalism class called Press Play : Making and distributing content in the present future .
Personal life
Carr divorced his first wife , Kimberly , in 1986 . In 1988 , he had twin daughters , Erin and Meagan , with partner Anna Lee . The couple lost custody of the children , who went into foster care until Carr went through rehab and gained custody of the girls . Erin Lee Carr is a documentary film director . He married his second wife , Jill L. Rooney , in 1994 ; the couple had one child , a daughter , Maddie .
He described himself as a church-going Catholic . He resided in Montclair , New Jersey , with his wife and three daughters .
Carr had previously battled Hodgkin 's lymphoma , and reported developing his hoarse speaking voice during his coverage of the aftermath of the September 11 attacks .
Death
On February 12 , 2015 , at around 9 p.m. EST , Carr collapsed in the newsroom of The New York Times , and was pronounced dead at Mount Sinai Roosevelt Hospital , at the age of 58 . The cause of death was lung cancer , with heart disease listed as a contributing factor .
Legacy
In September 2015 , The New York Times announced a fellowship in his name that would be dedicated to fostering the growth and development of journalists . The first three fellowship recipients , chosen by a panel of Times editors from among more than 600 applicants , were John Herrman , a co-editor and media reporter for The Awl ; Amanda Hess , a staff writer at Slate ; and Greg Howard , a reporter for Deadspin .
In 2016 , a David Carr Prize for Emerging Writers at SXSW was presented to author Jaime Boust . The piece was to cover what is exciting ( or unnerving ) about life in the coming years in 2,000 words or fewer .
Publications
The Night of the Gun : A Reporter Investigates the Darkest Story of His Life , His Own . New York : Simon & Schuster , 2008. .
Appearances
2008 : Book Discussion on The Night of the Gun , Olssen 's Books & Records , Washington , D.C. , `` Book TV , '' C-SPAN 2 . September 17 , 2008 .
2011 : Page One : Inside the New York Times documentary film
2013 : IAmA columnist and reporter on media and culture for the New York Times Reddit interview
2014 : Commencement Address to the UC Berkeley , Graduate School of Journalism Class of 2014
References
External links
The Night of the Gun , by David Carr ( official website )
David Carr Fellowship at The New York Times
1956 births
2015 deaths
20th-century American male writers
20th-century American newspaper editors
21st-century American male writers
21st-century American memoirists
American bloggers
American columnists
American male bloggers
Boston University faculty
Catholics from Minnesota
Deaths from cancer in New York ( state )
Deaths from lung cancer
Editors of Minnesota newspapers
Editors of Washington , D.C. , newspapers
People from Minnetonka , Minnesota
People from Montclair , New Jersey
The New York Times columnists
University of Minnesota alumni
Writers from Minneapolis
Bailadores is a town in the western part of the Mérida State of Venezuela and is the capital of the .
History
It was founded by Captain Luis Martín Martín , September 14 , 1601 , by appointment of founder Peter Sandes Court , from the Real Audiencia de Santa Fe de Bogotá .
Notable people
Guillermo Davila , actor and singer
Cities in Mérida ( state )
Populated places established in 1601
Gregor von Feinaigle ( 22 August 1760 – 27 December 1819 ) was a German mnemonist and Roman Catholic monk .
Life
Feinaigle was born in Ueberlingen on 22 August 1760 .
Very little other is known of his early life except that he entered the Cistercian monastery at Salem located along Lake Constance . Obligated to flee the monastery with the other monks due to the Napoleonic invasions , he became an itinerant professor in Karlsruhe , Paris , London , Glasgow and Dublin . Feinaigle visited Paris in 1806 , and delivered public lectures on local and symbolical memory , which he described as a 'new system of mnemonics and methodics . ' He was accompanied by a young man who acted as interpreter . Count Metternich , the Austrian ambassador , and his secretaries followed the whole course of lectures , and spoke in highly laudatory terms of the system , which , though novel in its applications , was founded on the topical memory of the ancients , as described by Cicero and Quinctilian . Feinaigle was exposed to much criticism and sarcasm in the press , and was ridiculed on the stage by Dieulafoy in a farce called 'Les filles de mémoire , ou le Mnémoniste . ' By way of reply he gave on 27 February 1807 a public exhibition to an audience of about two thousand persons . He did not himself appear , but was represented by twelve or fifteen of his pupils , who gave illustrations of his art . Afterwards he went on a lecturing tour through various parts of France . Early in 1811 , he came to England and delivered lectures at the Royal Institution and the Surrey Institution in London ; and at Liverpool , Edinburgh , and Glasgow . The fee for attending a course of fifteen or sixteen of his lectures was 5l . 5s. , and this sum was paid by crowds of pupils , for Feinaigle made a mystery of the details of his method , and was in consequence denounced in some quarters as an impostor . He gained , however , many devoted adherents . The Rev . Peter Baines , afterwards bishop of Siga , introduced his system of mnemonics and also his general plan of education into the Benedictine college of Ampleforth , Yorkshire , and a society of gentlemen founded a school in Aldborough House , near Mountjoy Square , Dublin , which was placed under Feinaigle 's personal superintendence and conducted on his principles . He died in Dublin on 27 December 1819 .
Works
The major exposition of his system is in The New Art of Memory ( 1812 ) . John Millard , assistant librarian to the Surrey Institution , was the editor of this work , according to Thomas Hartwell Horne , who was Millard 's brother-in-law , and who helped him with notes of Feinaigle 's lectures . Other treatises on the system were :
Notice sur la Mnémonique , ou l'art d'aider et de fixer la Mémoire en tout genre d'études , de sciences , ou d'affaires , par Grégoire de Feinaigle , Paris , 1806 , ; and
Mnemonik oder praktische Gedächtnisskunst zum Selbstunterricht nach den Vorlesungen des Herrn von Feinaigle , Frankfort-on-the-Main , 1811 .
In popular culture
Gregor von Feinaigle is credited by some as being the inspiration for the word `` finagle '' meaning `` To cheat or swindle ; to use crafty , deceitful methods . '' such as `` ... shady stockbrokers who finagle their clients out of fortunes . ''
References
1760s births
1819 deaths
People from the Margraviate of Baden
Mnemonists
18th-century German people
19th-century German people
Middle Yandang Mountains or Zhong Yandang Shan ( Chinese : 中雁荡山 , Pinyin : Zhōng Yàndàng Shān , lit . `` Middle Wild Goose Pond Mountain ( s ) '' ) refers , in the broad sense , to a coastal mountain range in southeastern Zhejiang Province in eastern China , which is close to Yandang Mountains , and both of them are parts of Yandang Ridge . It is said that people found that there was a lake in the top of the mountain , which was covered with reeds . And many wild geese lived there . Therefore , it is called `` Yandang '' . It is historically called `` the Best Mountain in Southeastern China '' . Comparing to Yandang Mountains , it seems like a religious interest rather than a geographic interest , which does not mean that Yandang Mountains are much better than Middle Yandang Mountains when it comes to natural landscape , but the latter is unique because of the religion . With cool climate and convenient traffic , as well as palatable seafood , it has been affirmed as one of the best ten summer resort in Zhejiang Province . It is said a Taoist priest , who believed Taoism came here and built a temple .
History
The history of Yandang Mountains is quite long . The time when human first went here and built their house could be traced back to Southern and Northern Dynasties . However , when it comes to Middle Yandang Mountain , it was Song dynasty when the chin-shih Li Shao-he ( Chinese : 李少和 ) first came here and built a Taoism Temple . Then more and more people came here because of the fame of Li Shao-he and religious ethos .
In modern China , to facilitate the growth of local economy , both local government and indigenous people want to build a scenic spot base on Middle Yandang Mountains . However , the condition of government finance was not good , which means if people want to construct the scenic spot , they need to pay the fare of project . Finally , villagers raised money by themselves and built the scenic spot .
The entrance tickets of scenery spot are free for local people . Many local schools organize an annual spring excursion here .
Poetry
In ancient China , many poets habitually wrote or sang poetry upon encountering a beautiful landscape . They depict the landscape and express their aspirations and feelings by it . In Middle Yandang Mountains , many poets left their opus , like Xie Lingyun and Wang Shi-peng .
Xie Ling-yun ( Chinese : 谢灵运 )
In 422 A.C , Xie was sent to Yongjia County as prefecture chief . One day , he came to the root of Middle Yandang Mountains and inspected the farms . At that time , he was attracted by the landscape and wrote , `` The far embankment lies thousands of miles , the long spit of land like river flows millions of miles . '' ( Chinese : 千里带长堤，万里泻长汀。 ) Because of the fame of Xie , Middle Yandang Mountains became more and more well-known .
Wang Shi-peng ( Chinese : 王十朋 )
Wang was one of the Zhuangyuan in Southern Song dynasty ( 1127–1279 ) , whose homeland was Yueqing , a city now lies at the root of Middle Yandang Mountains . He wrote , `` The lakes and mountains like green lies here , and the two streams flows like the sound of Chinese Zither . '' ( Chinese : 十里湖山翠黛横，两溪寒玉斗琮琤 )
Others
Except Xie and Wang , there were still some poets writing poems for specific mountains or lakes . Poet lived in Tang dynasty ( 618–907 ) called Zhang You-xin ( Chinese : 张又新 ) sang a poetry for Yu-zhen Peak that `` The Lake in front of the Yu-zhen Peak with spring is here , there is clean dust on the road aside . '' ( Chinese : 白石岩前湖水春，湖边旧径有清尘 ) Another poet in Qing dynasty called Lin Qi-heng ( Chinese : 林启亨 ) wrote , `` The peak rises steeply from the ground just like a post , the length of it seems to break through the sky '' ( Chinese : 拔地一峰真似柱，巉岩百丈欲撑天 ) , which depicted the appearance of Bai-zhang Peak . At the East Waterside , there is a rock similar to a woman who is waiting for her husband called Mrs. Rock . A poet in Ming dynasty ( 1368–1644 ) named Gao You-ji ( Chinese : 高友玑 ) wrote , `` Standing alone and gazing into the border of sky , there are only rocks near myself . '' ( Chinese : 亭亭独立望天津，四畔无家石相邻 )
Speciality crop
Indigo , a plant used to dye clothing , which could make the cloth blue . It has been regarded as an ingredient of dye for a long time . In Encourage Learning , an article of Xunzi , indigo was mentioned as a metaphor that students will be better than teachers . ( Chinese : 青出于蓝而胜于蓝 ) In 1940–1956 , the output of indigo continued to increase . However , after that time , with the importation of foreign dye , the production of indigo has been decreased . Nowadays , there are only a few people planting indigo .
Indigo also can be used as an ingredient of medicine , especially its root . In 2003 , when SARS was spreading widely in China , the root of indigo has been made as a medicine called Isatis ( Chinese : 板蓝根 )
Tourism
There are seven scenery spots in Middle Yandang Mountains , including Yu-zhen Peak , Three Lakes , West Waterside , East Waterside , Phoenix Mountain , Yang-ba Hole and Liu-Gong Valley .
Yu-zhen Peak
Yu-zhen Peak is the main peak of the scenery spots and regarded as the totem of Middle Yandang Mountains . It seems that Yu-zhen Peak is quite high although the absolute elevation is just approximately 568 m. At the top of the mountain , there is a Taoism Temple there , which is built by chin-shih Li Shao-he . The main part of the mountain is rock and the Taoism Temple lies here , local people also call it Taoist Priest Rock . Thanks to wide rock walls , artists and litterateurs created their work here so that there are many lithographs .
Except the main temple , there is also a cave called Yu-hong Cave , which lies the middle of the peak , including a group of Taoism constructions . According to the book Treasure Trove of Heaven in Song dynasty , it was regarded as the Twenty-first cave of the country . In Ming dynasty , a Buddhist monk came here and modified the Taoism Temple to a Buddhism Temple , which called Yu Ping Zen Temple . Therefore , both Taoism and Buddhism had been here . However , in March , 2014 , the temples got fired and constructions built in Qing dynasty was lost .
Three Lakes
Three Lakes consist of Bai-shi Lake , Zhong-qian Lake and Long-shan Lake , which are all man-made lakes and built in 1950s-1960s . Bai-shi Lake was built in 1958 , which was mainly used to prevent flooding and irrigation , but also generate electricity and supply water . The reservoir has a storage capacity of about 11.97 million cubic meters . After the completion of Bai-shi Lake , Zhong-Dian Lake began to be built and its storage capacity is 23.5 million cubic meters . Lakes here provide visitors with services like fishing , sightseeing , as well as going boating . Therefore , it becomes a part of Middle yandang Mountains Scenery Spots . It is said that the Chinese television drama Nirvana in Fire ( Chinese : 琅琊榜 ) found views here at the first episode .
West Waterside
West Waterside is a valley with an approximately 200 meters ' river and the bottom of river is flat and yellow , which is similar to the appearance of Chinese dragon . Thus , it is called Dragon Street ( Chinese : 龙街 ) . In this area , Bai-zhang Peak ( Chinese : 百丈峰 ) , Jade Screen Peak ( Chinese : 玉屏峰 ) , Rock Door ( Chinese : 石门 ) and Rock Door Waterfall ( Chinese : 石门瀑 ) become the main elements of the scenery spot . Bai-zhang Peak is a peak like a post which highs about 200 meters , and next to it is Jade Screen Peak ( Chinese : 玉屏峰 ) , which is similar to the Chinese folding screen .
East Waterside
East Waterside is also a valley which lasts 3.5 kilometers long . According to County Annals of Yue Qing , it is said that at the southeast of Yu-zhen Peak , there is a place called East Waterside , including a river called East Dragon Street ( ) , six ponds where Mei-yu Pond ( Chinese : ) , Hong-jing Pond ( Chinese : 渹井潭 ) and Zhong Pond ( Chinese : 钟潭 ) are the most famous , three peaks called Stele Peak ( Chinese : 石碑峰 ) , Rosy Clouds Peak ( Chinese : 彩霞峰 ) and Mrs Rock Peak ( Chinese : 石夫人峰 ) , and a waterfall called Mei-yu Waterfall ( ) . A Chinese writer called Zhu Ziqing ( Chinese : 朱自清 ) has traveled here and left an article named Green about Mei-yu Pond .
Phoenix Mountain
Phoenix Mountain is a mountain with approximately 500 meters , which lies on the periphery of the Bai-shi town and faces to Yu-zhen Peak . People regard it as the reflection of Yu-zhen Peak . There are tens of peaks here , including Hawk-mouth Peak ( Chinese : 鹰嘴岩 ) , Chuan-bi Peak ( Chinese : 穿鼻岩 ) , Ban-zhang ( Chinese : 板障岩 ) and so on .
Yang-ba Hole
Yang-ba Hole ( Chinese : 杨八洞 ) is a place built with Taoism style and was seen as the Nineteenth Cave of the country according to Taoism Book named Yun Ji Qi Qian ( Chinese : 云笈七签 ) . There are eight caves here , including Bao-guang ( Chinese : 宝光 ) , Guan-yin ( Chinese : 观音 ) , Tou-tian ( Chinese : 透天 ) , Tou-hai ( Chinese : 透海 ) , Long-gun ( Chinese : 龙滚 ) , Ba-xian ( Chinese : 八仙 ) , Hun-yuan ( Chinese : 混元 ) , Yu-chan ( Chinese : 玉蟾 ) . Guan-yin is a symbol of Buddhism while others are all important images of Taoism culture .
Liu-gong Valley
Liu-gong Valley also lies on the periphery of Middle Yandang Mountains . In 1132 , the county magistrate of Yue Qing County organized workers to dig a canal and build the dykes and dams , which solved the flood and protect the benefits of citizens . To memorize him , people call the valley Liu-gong Valley . It is said that in the Jin dynasty ( 266–420 ) , a literary celebrity named Ruan-fang ( Chinese : 阮放 ) has lived in seclusion and Wang Xizhi ( ) came here to visited him . Therefore , many poets and calligraphers visited here and left their work .
Gallery
Here are more photos about Middle Yandang Mountains .
References
External links
Wang Shi-peng More details about Wang Shi-peng .
Landforms of Zhejiang
Tourist attractions in Zhejiang
Mountain ranges of China
AAAA-rated tourist attractions
Valangin Castle is a castle in the municipality of Valangin of the Canton of Neuchâtel in Switzerland . It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance .
See also
List of castles in Switzerland
Château
References
Cultural property of national significance in the canton of Neuchâtel
Castles in the canton of Neuchâtel
Boğaziçi is a village in the Burdur district of Burdur Province in Turkey .
References
Villages in Burdur District
The Omo River is a tributary of the Maicasagi River located at Eeyou Istchee Baie-James ( municipality ) , in the administrative region of Nord-du-Québec , in the Canadian province of Quebec , in Canada .
The upper part of the course of the Omo River flows in the southwestern part of the Assinica Wildlife Sanctuary , then the river flow in township De Lucière , De Berey and De Dobeil .
The hydrographic slope of the Omo River is served by road 113 linking Lebel-sur-Quévillon to Chibougamau .
The surface of the Omo River is usually frozen from early November to mid-May , however safe ice movement is generally from mid-November to mid-April .
Geography
The main hydrographic slopes near the Omo River are :
North side : Assinica Lake , Assinica River , Brock River ;
East side : Comencho Lake , Opataca Lake ;
South side : Mildred River , Caupichigau River , Chibougamau River ;
West side : Maicasagi River , Monsan River .
The Omo River originates at the mouth of an unidentified lake ( length : altitude : ) in the Assinica Wildlife Sanctuary . This source of the river is located at :
North of the mouth of the Omo River ( confluence with the Maicasagi River ) ;
Northeast of the mouth of the Maicasagi River ( confluence with Maicasagi Lake ) ;
Northeast of the mouth of Goéland Lake ( Waswanipi River ) ;
Northeast of the mouth of Matagami Lake ;
South of the mouth of the Nottaway River ;
Northeast of downtown Matagami .
From the head lake , the Omo River flows on in the Assinica Wildlife Sanctuary , according to the following segments :
Toponymy
The toponym `` Monsan River '' was formalized on December 5 , 1968 , at the Commission de toponymie du Québec , i.e . at the creation of this commission
Upper part of the Omo River ( segment of )
westerly crossing an unidentified lake ( length : ; altitude : ) , then to the South crossing a second unidentified lake ( length : ; altitude : ) , to a creek ( coming from the Northeast ) ;
southwesterly , crossing an unidentified lake ( length : ; altitude : ) , up to at its mouth ;
to the Southwest , then crossing an unidentified lake ( length : ; altitude : ) to at its mouth ;
southwesterly to a bay on the eastern shore of Lake Omo ;
southwesterly , crossing Omo Lake ( elevation : ) over its full length ;
Lower part of the Omo River ( segment of )
to the Southeast , crossing an unidentified lake ( length : ; altitude : ) , up to at its confluence ;
westerly across an unidentified lake ( length : ; altitude : ) , to its confluence ;
southwesterly across an unidentified lake ( length : ; altitude : ) , its confluence ;
southeasterly to mouth .
The `` Omo River '' flows into a river bend on the east bank of the Maicasagi River . From there , it flows southwest and west to the east shore of Maicasagi Lake . Then the current flows south-west through the Max Passage into the Goéland Lake . The latter is crossed to the northwest by the Waswanipi River which is a tributary of Matagami Lake .
The mouth of the Omo River located at :
Northeast of the mouth of the Maicasagi River ( confluence with Maicasagi Lake ) ;
Northeast of the mouth of [ Gull Lake ( Waswanipi River ) ] ] ;
Northeast of the mouth of Olga Lake ( Waswanipi River ) ;
North of the village center of Waswanipi ;
Northeast of downtown Matagami .
Toponymy
Of Cree origin , this hydronym means the river where I ate only part of the dinner .
The toponym `` Omo River '' was formalized on December 5 , 1968 , at the Commission de toponymie du Québec , i.e . at the creation of this commission
References
See also
Rivers of Nord-du-Québec
Nottaway River drainage basin
Eeyou Istchee James Bay
Roy Pope ( 15 June 1914 – 14 February 2004 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with North Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Notes
External links
1914 births
2004 deaths
Australian rules footballers from Victoria ( Australia )
North Melbourne Football Club players
Guanyem les Illes Balears ( Catalan for Let 's Win the Balearic Islands , Guanyem ) is an electoral alliance formed by United Left of the Balearic Islands and Building the Left–Socialist Alternative to contest the 2015 Balearic regional election . Both parties also contested , together with Podemos , the 2015 Ibiza Island Council election .
Member parties
United Left of the Balearic Islands ( EUIB )
Building the Left–Socialist Alternative ( CLI–AS )
References
Political parties in the Balearic Islands
Political parties established in 2015
Political party alliances in Spain
L'Acadien II was a Canadian-registered fishing vessel that capsized and sank on March 29 , 2008 . The vessel was being towed by Canadian Coast Guard Ship ( CCGS ) Sir William Alexander off Cape Breton , Nova Scotia at the time of the incident . Two of the crew of six were rescued and four men died in the incident . Recovery efforts have not located the sunken trawler nor the missing crew member who is now presumed dead . Canadian authorities have launched independent investigations into the incident .
Career
L'Acadien II was a 12-metre fishing trawler .
Mechanical trouble
L'Acadien II and her crew of six set out from Magdalen Islands the morning of March 28 , 2008 to take part in the 2008 Canadian commercial seal hunt . She lost her rudder later in the day in the ice floes northeast of Neil 's Harbour , Nova Scotia on Cape Breton Island .
She radioed for help from the Coast Guard and Sir William Alexander came to assist the tow .
Capsize and sinking
Witnesses say the Sir William Alexander was going too fast and failed to realize L'Acadien II had swerved into a large cake of ice and capsized at approximately .
The Transportation Safety Board ( TSB ) investigation report released later that year found that the clutch was likely engaged in the ahead position with the engine running as it left the centreline track . Combined with the deflected rudder , this would have caused L'Acadien II to sheer to port , whereupon it struck the ice .
Once the vessel struck the ice , the combined effects of the towline force and direction , the fishing vessel 's ahead propulsion , and the inertia of the CCGS Sir William Alexander propelled L'Acadien II partially onto the ice and then back into the water on its starboard side , whereupon it subsequently capsized .
Navy divers searched the waters for four men , who had been sleeping in the lower decks of the vessel . When the vessel had capsized , a Cormorant helicopter and a Hercules aircraft came to aid the rescue . The vessel had since been secured to the side of the Coast Guard 's vessel .
Rescue and recovery
Two men , who were at the upper decks during the incident , were rescued by nearby fishing vessel Madelinot War Lord and transferred to Sir William Alexander . A Coast Guard helicopter subsequently transported them to Magdalen Islands . The bodies of three crew members that died in the incident were recovered by navy divers and brought aboard Sir William Alexander . They have been identified as Bruno Bourque , the boat 's owner and captain ; Gilles Leblanc ( in his 50s ) ; and Marc-Andre Deraspe ( in his early 20s ) . Crewmember Carl Aucoin remains missing and is presumed dead .
The search was scaled back by late afternoon on March 29 and the local Royal Canadian Mounted Police ( RCMP ) has since been handling the case .
Fisheries and Oceans Canada ( DFO ) has recommenced to find missing crewmember Carl Aucoin and recover L'Acadien II on April 3 and since then has provided daily updates in its media releases on its website . CCGS George R. Pearkes , CCGS Edward Cornwallis and CCGS Terry Fox were engaged in the search based on the last known coordinates of the vessel , drift patterns and ice conditions . Canadian Forces Aurora and other patrols provided aerial support and surveillance . Canadian Forces divers were on stand-by once the vessel is located . The operation would be accompanied by officials of Transportation Safety Board .
Poor visibility due to fog and low ceiling hampered the recovery operation , and on April 10 , DFO has announced that CCG would call off the recovery effort . According to DFO , the search has covered an area of approximately 9,800 square nautical miles .
Aftermath
Sea Shepherd Conservation Society
A release from the Sea Shepherd Conservation Society on April 2 , said that it `` recognizes that the deaths of four sealers is a tragedy but Sea Shepherd also recognizes that the slaughter of hundreds of thousands of seal pups is an even greater tragedy . '' Paul Watson was quoted in the same release : `` One of the sealers was quoted as saying that he felt absolutely helpless as he watched the boat sink with sealers onboard . I ca n't think of anything that defines helplessness and fear more than a seal pup on the ice that ca n't swim or escape as it is approached by some cigarette smoking ape with a club . This is a seal nursery and these men are sadistic baby killers and that might offend some people but it is the unvarnished truth – they are vicious killers who are now pleading for sympathy because some of their own died while engaged in a viciously brutal activity . ''
Because of these quotes , the leader of the Green Party of Canada Elizabeth May decided on April 3 to resign from the advisory board of the Sea Shepherd Conservation Society .
Investigation
The RCMP was engaged in reviewing the incident and the Transportation Safety Board ( TSB ) also conducted its own investigation . Coast Guard undertook an incident review , including its current towing policy . A final report was presented to the DFO minister and the Commissioner of the Coast Guard on 26 November 2008 .
The TSB report detailed the cause of to capsize and that the L'Acadien II was not designed , constructed , or adequately modified to navigate in ice .
The TSB report found the following risks that may cause similar incident to occur :
The Canadian Coast Guard has no comprehensive safety policies , procedures , guidelines , or practices that address the risks associated with towing small vessels in ice .
Numerous small fishing vessels continue to operate during the seal hunt in ice conditions for which they were neither designed nor constructed .
The TSB also reported the following findings :
The emergency position-indicating radio beacon ( EPIRB ) signal from L'Acadien II was never received .
The language used posed no barrier to communication between the vessels .
External links
http : //www.tsb.gc.ca/en/reports/marine/2008/m08m0010/m08m0010.asp
See also
List of missing ships
References
Shipwrecks of the Nova Scotia coast
Fishing vessels
The Pakistan national women 's cricket team toured South Africa in 2006–07 , playing five women 's One Day Internationals . South Africa won the series 5–0 .
WODI series
1st ODI
2nd ODI
3rd ODI
4th ODI
5th ODI
References
Women 's international cricket tours of South Africa
2007 in South African cricket
2007 in women 's cricket
2007 in South African women 's sport
South Africa 2007
Women 2004-05
International cricket competitions in 2006–07
January 2007 sports events in Africa
2007 in Pakistani women 's sport
WGTK may refer to :
WGTK ( AM ) , a radio station ( 970 AM ) licensed to serve Louisville , Kentucky , United States
WGTK-FM , a radio station ( 94.5 FM ) licensed to serve Greenville , South Carolina , United States
Bryant Fleming ( July 19 , 1877 – September 19 , 1946 ) was an American architect and landscape architect .
Early life
Fleming was born on July 19 , 1877 in Buffalo , New York . He graduated from Cornell University in 1901 , where he studied horticulture , architecture , architectural history , and art .
Career
Fleming became the first lecturer and instructor in landscape art in the Department of Landscape Art in the College of Agriculture at Cornell University in 1904 , the third such program in the United States after Harvard ( 1900 ) and the University of Massachusetts ( 1902 ) . He served as head of the department from 1906 to 1915 and in 1925 was appointed as University Landscape Advisor to Cornell .
Fleming established a private practice named Townsend and Fleming ( 1904–1915 ) . He helped guide the development of parks in New York State , including Letchworth State Park and the restoration of Watkins Glen State Park , Fair Haven Beach State Park , Fillmore Glen State Park , Robert H. Treman State Park , Taughannock Falls State Park , Cedar Point State Park , Kring Point State Park , and Waterson Point State Park . In addition , he served with Warren H. Manning ( 1860–1938 ) and others on a comprehensive campus plan for Cornell . For 30 years Fleming and his associates had an extensive residential design practice all over the country , including estates in Belle Meade , Tennessee , and the design of Cheekwood Botanical Garden and Museum of Art , a estate where Fleming guided the design of the landscape , architecture , and interiors .
Death
Fleming died on September 19 , 1946 .
Selected works
1920s : Cheekwood Botanical Garden and Museum of Art , Nashville , Tennessee , listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000 .
1920s : Paine Art Center and Gardens , Oshkosh , Wisconsin , listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978 .
1920s : Bryant Fleming House , Wyoming , New York , listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2009 .
References
1877 births
1946 deaths
Architects from Buffalo , New York
American landscape architects
Cornell University alumni
Cornell University faculty
The USBC Masters is a championship ten-pin bowling event conducted by the United States Bowling Congress . The Professional Bowlers Association ( PBA ) began recognizing it as a title event in 1998 , and it was designated one of the four majors in 2000 . A PBA rule change in 2008 retroactively awarded a PBA title ( and a major ) to any Masters winners prior to 1998 who were PBA members at the time of the victory .
History
The tournament began in 1951 as the ABC Masters , conducted by the American Bowling Congress ( ABC ) . The ABC merged with the WIBC and YABA to become the USBC in 2005 , after which the tournament was renamed USBC Masters . The Masters began as an invitational event showcasing national and local bowling stars and has grown to become one of bowling 's most prestigious events .
While the event has evolved over the years , its trademark qualifying and double-elimination match play format has remained largely unchanged . All bowlers compete in 15 games of qualifying , with the top 63 qualifiers joining the previous year 's champion in the double elimination match play bracket . ( If the previous champion makes the top 63 or is unable to participate , the 64th-place qualifier is added . ) All head-to-head matches consist of three games , the highest total pinfall wins . First-time losers during the match play rounds are not eliminated , but are instead placed into an elimination bracket , where they must survive all subsequent three-game matches to have a chance at making the championship finals .
Hundreds of competitors turn out for the Masters each year ( a full field of 360 entered the 2018 event ) with their sights set on a prize fund that has recently been as high as $ 350,000 , including a $ 50,000 top prize . The field , which now includes women , also features representatives from all 50 states and a handful of foreign countries .
The Masters are open to PBA members and any USBC member that meets average requirements . It is a part of the World Bowling Tour .
After the Masters in January 2004 , the tournament was moved to the fall , resulting in two Masters events during calendar year 2004 . ( The first was part of the 2003–04 PBA season , and the second was part of the 2004–05 season . ) Then in 2008 , the tournament was moved back to the spring , which is why there were no Masters during 2008 .
Mike Aulby is the first player to have won the USBC Masters three times , but was eventually passed by Jason Belmonte . Belmonte is the only player to win three Masters in a row ( 2013 , 2014 and 2015 ) , and he won again in 2017 to become the only player to win four Masters titles . Prior to Belmonte 's threepeat , the last player to successfully defend a Masters title was Billy Welu in 1964–65 . The 1984 ABC Masters featured the 43rd and final PBA Tour title for Hall of Famer Earl Anthony . Walter Ray Williams Jr. is the oldest person to win the USBC Masters , capturing the 2010 event at age 50 . In 2016 , Anthony Simonsen , aged 19 years and 39 days , became the tournament 's youngest winner , as well as the youngest to win a PBA major of any kind .
Current defending champion
2022 Event
The 2022 USBC Masters was held at the Gold Coast Hotel & Casino in Las Vegas , Nevada from March 31 to April 3 . The tournament had a starting field of 420 bowlers , and used a five-player stepladder finals format .
On April 3 , Anthony Simonsen won from the # 2 seed position , defeating top seed Norm Duke in the final match , 219–216 . This was Simonsen 's tenth PBA Tour title , second USBC Masters title , and fourth major championship overall . Duke , 58 , was seeking to become the oldest player to win a PBA Tour title as well as the oldest to win a PBA Tour major .
2022 Results
A five-player stepladder final round was used .
{ { 5TeamBracket-Stepladder
| RD1=Match # 1
| RD2=Match # 2
| RD3=Match # 3
| RD4=Title match
| RD1-seed1=4
| RD1-team1=A . J. Johnson
| RD1-score1=189| RD1-seed2=5
| RD1-team2=Shawn Maldonado
| RD1-score2=143
| RD2-seed1=3| RD2-team1=Brad Miller| RD2-score1=224 ( 8 , 9 ) | RD2-seed2=4
| RD2-team2=A . J. Johnson
| RD2-score2=224 ( 8 , 7 )
| RD3-seed1=2| RD3-team1=Anthony Simonsen| RD3-score1=189| RD3-seed2=3
| RD3-team2=Brad Miller
| RD3-score2=185
| RD4-seed1=1
| RD4-team1=Norm Duke
| RD4-score1=216
| RD4-seed2=2| RD4-team2=Anthony Simonsen| RD4-score2=219 ' } }
Prize Pool :
1 . Anthony Simonsen ( Las Vegas , Nevada ) – $ 100,000
2 . Norm Duke ( Clermont , Florida ) – $ 50,000
3 . Brad Miller ( Lee 's Summit , Missouri ) – $ 25,000
4 . A. J. Johnson ( Oswego , Illinois ) – $ 15,000
5 . Shawn Madonado ( Sugar Land , Texas ) – $ 10,000
Past champions
2022 Anthony Simonsen
2021 Thomas Larsen
2020 not contested due to COVID-19 pandemic2019 Jakob Butturff
2018 Andrew Anderson
2017 Jason Belmonte
2016 Anthony Simonsen
2015 Jason Belmonte
2014 Jason Belmonte
2013 Jason Belmonte
2012 Mike Fagan
2011 Tom Hess
2010 Walter Ray Williams , Jr .
2009 John Nolen
2008 not contested due to PBA schedule change ''
2007 Sean Rash
2006 Doug Kent
2005 Mike Scroggins
Oct. 2004 Danny Wiseman
Jan. 2004 Walter Ray Williams , Jr .
2003 Bryon Smith
2002 Brett Wolfe
2001 Parker Bohn III
2000 Mika Koivuniemi
1999 Brian Boghosian
1998 Mike Aulby
1997 Jason Queen
1996 Ernie Schlegel
1995 Mike Aulby
1994 Steve Fehr
1993 Norm Duke
1992 Ken Johnson
1991 Doug Kent
1990 Chris Warren
1989 Mike Aulby
1988 Del Ballard , Jr .
1987 Rick Steelsmith
1986 Mark Fahy
1985 Steve Wunderlich
1984 Earl Anthony
1983 Mike Lastowski
1982 Joe Berardi
1981 Randy Lightfoot
1980 Neil Burton
1979 Doug Myers
1978 Frank Ellenburg
1977 Earl Anthony
1976 Nelson Burton , Jr .
1975 Ed Ressler , Jr .
1974 Paul Colwell
1973 Dave Soutar
1972 Bill Beach
1971 Jim Godman
1970 Don Glover
1969 Jim Chestney
1968 Pete Tountas
1967 Lou Scalia
1966 Bob Strampe
1965 Billy Welu
1964 Billy Welu
1963 Harry Smith
1962 Billy Golembiewski
1961 Don Carter
1960 Billy Golembiewski
1959 Ray Bluth
1958 Tom Hennessey
1957 Dick Hoover
1956 Dick Hoover
1955 Buzz Fazio
1954 Eugene Elkins
1953 Rudy Habetler
1952 Willard Taylor
1951 Lee Jouglard
Note : In May 2008 , the PBA announced it was revising its all-time records to include PBA-era ABC Masters championships prior to 1998 as PBA titles ( and majors ) , if the champion was a PBA member at the time .
External links
Official USBC Masters `` Information '' web page
PBA.com site
References
Ten-pin bowling competitions in the United States
This is a list of villages in Chehrakala block , Vaishali district , Bihar state , India .
See also
List of villages in Vaishali district
References
Lists of villages in Vaishali district
Chehrakala
Elliott County is a county located in the U.S. state of Kentucky . Its county seat is Sandy Hook . The county was formed in 1869 from parts of Morgan , Lawrence , and Carter counties , and is named for John Lyle Elliott , U.S . Congressman , Confederate Justice of the Kentucky Court of Appeals . In regard to alcohol sales , Elliott County is a dry county , meaning the sale of alcoholic beverages is prohibited everywhere in the county .
History
Elliott County was established in 1869 from land given by Carter , Lawrence , and Morgan counties . A fire at the courthouse in 1957 resulted in the destruction of many county records .
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 0.4 % ) is water .
Adjacent counties
Carter County ( north )
Lawrence County ( east )
Morgan County ( south )
Rowan County ( west )
Demographics
As of the census of 2000 , there were 6,748 people , 2,638 households , and 1,925 families residing in the county . The population density was . There were 3,107 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 99.04 % White , 0.03 % Black or African American , 0.07 % Native American , 0.01 % Pacific Islander , 0.01 % from other races , and 0.83 % from two or more races . 0.59 % of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race .
There were 2,638 households , of which 33.40 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 60.00 % were married couples living together , 9.70 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 27.00 % were non-families . 24.70 % of all households were made up of individuals , and 11.00 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older . The average household size was 2.54 and the average family size was 3.02 .
People of British ancestry form an overwhelming plurality in Elliott County .
In the county , the population was spread out , with 25.40 % under the age of 18 , 9.10 % from 18 to 24 , 27.50 % from 25 to 44 , 24.70 % from 45 to 64 , and 13.40 % who were 65 years of age or older . The median age was 37 years . For every 100 females there were 95.20 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 93.50 males .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 21,014 , and the median income for a family was $ 27,125 . Males had a median income of $ 29,593 versus $ 20,339 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 12,067 . About 20.80 % of families and 25.90 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 30.50 % of those under age 18 and 26.40 % of those age 65 or over .
Politics
Elliott County had voted for the Democratic Party 's nominee in every presidential election since it was formed in 1869 , up until the 2016 presidential election when it voted 70.1–25.9 % in favor of Donald Trump . This was the longest streak of any county voting Democratic in the United States . It was also the last Southern rural county never to have voted for a Republican in any Presidential election , until 2016 . According to interviews from residents of the county , this overwhelming Democratic support was primarily due to love for tradition as well as an appreciation for big government following FDR 's New Deal . Even in nationwide Republican landslides like 1972 and 1984 , when Republican candidates won the state of Kentucky overall with over 60 % of the vote , Elliott County voted 65.3 % and 73.4 % Democratic , respectively . Reagan , in particular , only performed 3 % better in the county in 1984 than 1936 GOP nominee Alf Landon , despite the fact that Reagan won everywhere but Minnesota and Washington , D.C. and a national popular vote swing of 41 % , while Landon lost every state but Maine and Vermont .
With white Americans making up 99.04 % of its population , Elliott County was the second-whitest in the country to vote for Democrat Barack Obama in the 2008 presidential election , the whitest being Mitchell County , Iowa . Obama garnered 61.0 % of the vote , while Republican John McCain received 35.9 % . In fact , Elliott County provided Obama with the highest percentage of the vote in all of Kentucky . This made it the most Democratic county in the state for the second election in a row , since it had also been Democrat John Kerry 's strongest county in Kentucky in 2004 . Obama would again win the county in 2012 , his only such victory in the staunchly conservative region of rural Eastern Kentucky . However , he eked out only a narrow 49.4 % plurality over Mitt Romney 's 46.9 % , thus ending an over century-long streak of Democratic landslides in Elliott County . Reflecting the increasing rural–urban divide of modern American politics , Obama 's strongest county in the state was instead Jefferson County , home to Louisville—the most populous city in Kentucky—which he won by a comfortable 54.7–43.6 % margin .
Elliott County 's hard swing towards the Republican Party continued in 2016 , when it voted for Republican Donald Trump over Democrat Hillary Clinton by a 70.1–25.9 % margin , decisively ending the Democratic Party 's 140-year victory streak . Despite Trump 's victory , Democratic candidates for down-ballot offices managed to carry the county . In the Senate race , Democratic nominee Jim Gray won 56.0 % of the county 's vote to Republican Senator Rand Paul 's 44.0 % , and Democratic State Rep. Rocky Adkins , a Sandy Hook native whose state house district includes the entire county , was reelected and took 86 % of the vote in Elliott . Trump won the county again in 2020 with an even larger share of the vote than he did 4 years prior .
On Election Day 2012 , Elliott County had the lowest percentage of registered Republicans in Kentucky , with just 215 of 5,012 ( 4.2 % ) registered voters affiliating with the GOP . By October 2016 , this proportion had increased to 429 out of 5,213 ( 8.2 % ) . In April 2019 , it stood at 562 of 5,318 ( 10.6 % ) . By June 2022 , this share had nearly doubled , with 1,007 registered Republicans out of 5,243 registered voters ( 19.2 % ) .
Communities
Ault
Bascom
Beartown
Bell City
Bigstone
Blaines Trace
Bruin
Brushy Fork
Burke
Clay Fork
Cliffside
Culver
Devil Fork
Dewdrop
Dobbins
Edsel
Eldridge
Fannin
Fannin Valley
Faye
Fielden
Forks of Newcombe
Gimlet
Gomez
Green
Halcom
Ibex
Isonville
Little Fork
Little Sandy
Lytten
Middle Fork
Neil Howard 's Creek
Newcombe
Newfoundland
Ordinary
Roscoe
Shady Grove
Sandy Hook ( county seat )
Sarah
Sideway
Spanglin
Stark
Stephens
The Ridge
Wells Creek
Wyatt
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Elliott County , Kentucky
References
External links
The Year of Plenty , children 's historical fiction set in Elliott County
The Kentucky Highlands Project
Elliott County Chamber of Commerce
Kentucky counties
Counties of Appalachia
1869 establishments in Kentucky
Populated places established in 1869
The Völkisch-Social Bloc ( `` Völkisch-Sozialer Block '' or `` Völkisch-Sozialer-Block '' or `` VSB '' or `` V-S-B '' ) was a right-wing electoral alliance in post World War I Germany . Its philosophy was loosely aligned with that of the NSDAP ( Nazi Party ) .
Anton Drexler was elected in February 1924 to the Bavarian Landtag as a representative of the VSB . Artur Dinter was elected in February 1924 to the Thuringian Landtag as a representative of the VSB . He was expelled from the party in December 1924 . Rudolf Jordan was active as a speaker for the VSB by 1924 , though he was not a member .
Notes
Defunct political parties in Germany
Far-right political parties in Germany
Political parties in the Weimar Republic
German nationalist political parties
The National Prize of Chile ( ) is the collective name given to a set of awards granted by the government of Chile through the Ministry of Education and , as of 2003 , by the National Council of Culture and the Arts . They are presented by the President of the Republic at an official ceremony held at La Moneda Palace .
Awards
National Prize for Literature , since 1942
National Prize for Journalism , since 1954
National History Award , since 1974
National Prize for Education Sciences , since 1981
National Prize for Plastic Arts , since 1992
National Prize for Musical Arts , since 1992
National Prize for Performing and Audiovisual Arts , since 1992
National Prize for Applied Sciences and Technologies , since 1992
National Prize for Exact Sciences , since 1992
National Prize for Natural Sciences , since 1992
National Prize for Humanities and Social Sciences , since 1992
Former awards
National Prize of Art , from 1944 to 1991
National Prize for Sciences , from 1969 to 1991
References
1942 establishments in Chile
Chilean awards
Christos Kallis ( ; born 7 April 1998 ) is a Cypriot football player . who plays for Karmiotissa Polemidion
Club career
He made his Cypriot First Division debut for Alki Oroklini on 15 October 2017 in a game against Olympiakos Nicosia .
References
External links
Christos Kallis at CFA
1998 births
Living people
Cypriot footballers
Cyprus youth international footballers
APOEL FC players
Alki Oroklini players
Digenis Oroklinis players
Cypriot First Division players
Cypriot Second Division players
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Association football midfielders
Lihiniya MK II ( ) is an medium range unmanned aerial vehicle developed by the Sri Lanka Air Force ( SLAF ) and the Centre for Research and Development ( CRD ) as an Tactical UAV System for the
national defense requirements .
Design
The aircraft is a HTOL UAV with a high wing , twin-boom tail and a single pusher engine with an auto pilot system . University of Moratuwa is tasked with building the Data link of the UAV . UAV equipped with Dual axes Gyro stabilized Day/Night camera with 10X optical zoom with Target Tracking , Geo Location and Motion Tracking .
References
Post–Cold War military equipment of Sri Lanka
Single-engined pusher aircraft
Tim Schadla-Hall ( born September 1947 ) is an English archaeologist who specialises in the study of how the archaeological discipline interacts with the public . He is affiliated with the Institute of Archaeology at University College London in Bloomsbury , central London , where he now works as a Reader in Public Archaeology .
In 1971 , Schadla-Hall gained his BA in archaeology from the University of Cambridge , before attaining his MA there in 1974 . His first book , Tom Sheppard : Hull 's Great Collector , was published in 1989 .
From 1985 to 1997 , Schadla-Hall and Paul Mellars co-directed an excavation of the Mesolithic settlement site of Star Carr in North Yorkshire ; it had previously been excavated by Grahame Clark in the late 1940s and early 1950s .
Schadla-Hall is editor of the journal Public Archaeology and a trustee of the veteran support charity Waterloo Uncovered , which conducts an annual excavation on the site of the Battle of Waterloo with veterans and serving personnel .
Bibliography
Books
References
External links
Schadla-Hall 's staff page at UCL
Waterloo Uncovered
1947 births
Academics of University College London
People associated with the UCL Institute of Archaeology
English archaeologists
Living people
Qeshlaq-e Amirabad ( , also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Āmīrābād ; also called Āmīrābād ) is a village in Akhtarabad Rural District , in the Central District of Malard County , Tehran Province , Iran . Kışlak ( or kıșla ) is a Turkish word meaning `` place to pass the winter '' as opposed to `` yaylak '' ( or yayla , a place to pass the summer ) . At the 2006 census , its population was 322 , in 60 families .
References
Populated places in Malard County
Murray McConnell ( born 16 November 1992 ) is a former Scotland Club XV international and Nottingham Rugby rugby union player who plays at the scrum-half position .
Rugby Union career
Amateur career
McConnell played for West of Scotland before being noticed by Glasgow Warriors and joined the Warriors as an Elite Development Player in 2010 . He was assigned to Ayr Rugby Club to aid his development . He was voted Ayr 's 1st XV player of the year in season 2013–14 , securing 30 points that season in scoring six tries .
Professional career
He played in two pre-season friendly matches for the Warriors in 2010 against Dundee HSFP and Sale Sharks .
His first competitive match for the Warriors came in an away game to Scarlets in January 2012 as a substitute .
In the 2014–15 season McConnell graduated from the EDP ranks and secured a one-year partnership professional contract with Glasgow Warriors . This again allowed him to play for Ayr Rugby Club when free from Warriors duty .
He played in a Glasgow Warriors A side against an Edinburgh Rugby A side on 22 September 2014 in a match in Stirling . He was used as a substitute in the Warriors ' Pro12 matches at home against Connacht on 26 September and against Treviso on 31 October 2014 .
McConnell secured his first competitive start for Glasgow Warriors on 28 February 2015 when he started at scrum-half away to Munster at Thomond Park .
On 7 May 2015 it was announced that McConnell would sign for Nottingham Rugby at the end of the 2014–15 season .
International career
He was part of the Six Nations Under 20s Championship international squad in 2012 and captained the Scotland team against the English Counties that same year . He was capped by the Scotland Club XV side .
Coaching career
McConnell is currently the head coach on Long Eaton RFC in RFU Midlands 1 East North Division .
References
External links
McConnell set for Nottingham switch
1992 births
Living people
Scottish rugby union coaches
Scottish rugby union players
Glasgow Warriors players
Nottingham R.F.C . players
Ayr RFC players
West of Scotland FC players
Scotland Club XV international rugby union players
Alumni of Glasgow Caledonian University
People educated at Lenzie Academy
Esa Juhani Keskinen ( born 3 February 1965 in Ylöjärvi , Finland ) is a retired Finnish professional ice hockey forward .
Playing career
Keskinen was drafted by the Calgary Flames as their fifth-round pick , 101st overall , in the 1985 NHL Entry Draft , but never played in the NHL anytime in his active playing career .
Playing for HV71 in the Swedish Elitserien , he won the Swedish national championship during the 1994–95 season . During the 1995–96 season Keskinen formed with his fellow Finn Kai Nurminen a proficient goal-scoring duo , still playing for HV71 . During his years in HV71 he was a popular player among the fans and drew by himself large crowds to the club 's , at the time , arena Rosenlundshallen .
Keskinen recorded 658 points ( 215 goals , 443 assists ) and 130 penalty minutes in 478 games in SM-liiga playing for TPS and Lukko . In Elitserien he totalled 203 games with 209 points ( 61 goals , 148 assists ) and 148 penalty minutes playing for HV71 . He has been noted for most points in SM-liiga in seasons 1987-88 ( 69 points ) , 1992–93 ( 59 points ) and 1993-94 ( 70 points ) .
Awards
Silver medal at the 1988 Winter Olympics .
Awarded the Veli-Pekka Ketola trophy in 1988 , 1993 and 1994 .
SM-liiga champion with TPS in 1993 and 2000 .
Awarded the Kultainen kypärä trophy in 1994 .
Awarded Lasse Oksanen trophy in 1994 .
SM-liiga Best Player of Regular Season 1993–94 .
Bronze medal at the 1994 Winter Olympics .
Elitserien playoff winner with HV71 in 1995 .
Gold medal at the 1995 Ice Hockey World Championship .
Awarded Guldhjälmen ( Most Valuable Player ) in 1996 .
Records
HV71 's club record for assists in one season ( 41 )
HV71 's club record for points in one season ( 59 )
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
International
References
1965 births
Living people
Calgary Flames draft picks
Finnish ice hockey centres
Finnish ice hockey world championship gold medalists
Ice hockey players at the 1988 Winter Olympics
Ice hockey players at the 1994 Winter Olympics
Lukko players
Olympic bronze medalists for Finland
Olympic ice hockey players of Finland
Olympic medalists in ice hockey
Olympic silver medalists for Finland
People from Ylöjärvi
HC TPS players
Medalists at the 1988 Winter Olympics
Medalists at the 1994 Winter Olympics
Sportspeople from Pirkanmaa
This is a list of regiments within the British Army 's Royal Armoured Corps during the Second World War .
On the creation of the corps in 1939 , just before the outbreak of the Second World War , it comprised those regular cavalry and Territorial Army Yeomanry regiments that had been mechanised , together with the Royal Tank Regiment . As the war progressed and further horsed regiments were mechanised , they joined the corps , together with new ( armoured ) cavalry regiments that were raised for the hostilities . The RAC created its own training and support regiments , and in 1941 and 1942 a number of infantry battalions were converted to armoured regiments and joined the RAC . Lastly , the RAC subsumed the Reconnaissance Corps in 1944 .
In the list below , the date refers to the date when the regiment joined the RAC .
Cavalry
Regular
1939
1st King 's Dragoon Guards
2nd Dragoon Guards ( Queen 's Bays )
3rd Carabiniers ( Prince of Wales 's Dragoon Guards )
4th/7th Royal Dragoon Guards
5th Royal Inniskilling Dragoon Guards
3rd The King 's Own Hussars
4th Queen 's Own Hussars
7th Queen 's Own Hussars
8th King 's Royal Irish Hussars
9th Queen 's Royal Lancers
10th Royal Hussars ( Prince of Wales 's Own )
11th Hussars ( Prince Albert 's Own )
12th Royal Lancers ( Prince of Wales 's )
13th/18th Royal Hussars
14th/20th King 's Hussars
15th/19th The King 's Royal Hussars
16th/5th Lancers
17th/21st Lancers
3rd Cavalry Training Regiment – Edinburgh , closed 1940
4th Cavalry Training Regiment – Colchester , closed 1940
6th Cavalry Training Regiment – Maidstone , closed 1940
1940
1st The Royal Dragoons
1941
Royal Scots Greys
Hostilities-only
1940
22nd Dragoons
23rd Hussars
24th Lancers
1941
25th Dragoons
26th Hussars
27th Lancers
Special Reserve
1939
North Irish Horse
Yeomanry
1939
1st Derbyshire Yeomanry
2nd Derbyshire Yeomanry
1st Royal Gloucestershire Hussars
2nd Royal Gloucestershire Hussars
1st Lothians and Border Horse
2nd Lothians and Border Horse
1st Fife and Forfar Yeomanry
2nd Fife and Forfar Yeomanry
3rd County of London Yeomanry ( Sharpshooters )
4th County of London Yeomanry ( Sharpshooters )
1st Northamptonshire Yeomanry
2nd Northamptonshire Yeomanry
1st East Riding Yeomanry
2nd East Riding Yeomanry
1940
Inns of Court Regiment
Westminster Dragoons ( 2nd County of London Yeomanry )
1941
Royal Wiltshire Yeomanry
Warwickshire Yeomanry
Yorkshire Hussars
Sherwood Rangers Yeomanry
Staffordshire Yeomanry
Cheshire Yeomanry
North Somerset Yeomanry
1944
Queen 's Own Yorkshire Dragoons
Royal Tank Regiment
Royal Tank Regiment nomenclature during the Second World War : the regiments were referred to as battalions and used Bn in the title . Post-war Bn was dropped and titles used Royal Tank Regiment without Bn .
Regular
1st Bn , Royal Tank Regiment
2nd Bn , Royal Tank Regiment
3rd Bn , Royal Tank Regiment
4th Bn , Royal Tank Regiment
5th Bn , Royal Tank Regiment
6th Bn , Royal Tank Regiment
7th Bn , Royal Tank Regiment
8th Bn , Royal Tank Regiment
Hostilities-only
9th Bn , Royal Tank Regiment
10th Bn , Royal Tank Regiment
11th Bn , Royal Tank Regiment
12th Bn , Royal Tank Regiment
Dummy tanks
The following `` regiments '' were formed to construct and move dummy tanks . These were intended to deceive the enemy as to the disposition and strength of British armour . The 3rd Royal Gloucestershire Hussars and the 4th Northamptonshire Yeomanry were formed in a similar manner .
37th Bn , Royal Tank Regiment ( Dummy tanks )
38th Bn , Royal Tank Regiment ( Dummy tanks )
39th Bn , Royal Tank Regiment ( Dummy tanks )
60th Bn , Royal Tank Regiment ( Dummy tanks )
62nd Bn , Royal Tank Regiment ( Dummy tanks )
65th Bn , Royal Tank Regiment ( Dummy tanks )
101st Bn , Royal Tank Regiment ( Dummy tanks )
102nd Bn , Royal Tank Regiment ( Dummy tanks )
118th Bn , Royal Tank Regiment ( Dummy tanks )
124th Bn , Royal Tank Regiment ( Dummy tanks )
Territorial
40th ( The King 's ) Bn , Royal Tank Regiment converted from 7th Battalion , King 's Regiment ( Liverpool )
41st ( Oldham ) Bn , Royal Tank Regiment converted from 10th Battalion , Manchester Regiment
42nd Royal Tank Regiment ( 7th ( 23rd London ) Battalion , East Surrey Regiment ) Bn , Royal Tank Regiment converted from 7th Battalion , East Surrey Regiment
43rd Royal Tank Regiment ( 6th ( City ) Battalion , Royal Northumberland Fusiliers ) Bn , Royal Tank Regiment converted from 6th Battalion , Royal Northumberland Fusiliers
44th Bn , Royal Tank Regiment converted from 6th Battalion , Gloucestershire Regiment
45th ( Leeds Rifles ) Bn , Royal Tank Regiment converted from 7th Battalion , West Yorkshire Regiment
46th ( Liverpool Welsh ) Bn , Royal Tank Regiment duplicate of 40th RTR
47th ( Oldham ) Bn , Royal Tank Regiment duplicate of 41st RTR
48th Bn , Royal Tank Regiment duplicate of 42nd RTR
49th Bn , Royal Tank Regiment duplicate of 43rd RTR
50th Bn , Royal Tank Regiment duplicate of 44th RTR
51st ( Leeds Rifles ) Bn , Royal Tank Regiment duplicate of 45th RTR
RAC regiments
1st Armoured Delivery Regiment RAC
1st Armoured Reinforcement Regiment RAC
2nd Armoured Delivery Regiment RAC
21st Training Regiment RAC – 1944–45
51st Training Regiment RAC – Cavalry Depot , Catterick , closed 1945
52nd Training Regiment RAC – RTR Depot , Bovington , closed 1945
53rd Training Regiment RAC – Tidworth , closed 1945
54th Training Regiment RAC – Perham Down ( Barnard Castle from 1943 )
55th Training Regiment RAC – Farnborough , closed 1945
56th Training Regiment RAC – Catterick , closed 1945
57th Training Regiment RAC – Warminster ( Catterick from 1943 )
58th ( Young Soldiers ) Training Regiment RAC – Bovington , closed 1945
59th Training Regiment RAC – Armoured Cars , Tidworth
60th Training Regiment RAC – Tidworth , closed 1945
61st Training Regiment RAC – Tidworth
62nd Training Regiment RAC – Recce Training Centre , Catterick
200th Armoured Delivery Regiment RAC
RAC regiments converted from infantry
All personnel in these units wore the black RAC beret with their own infantry regimental badge .
1941
107th Regiment RAC ( King 's Own ) from 5th Battalion , King 's Own Royal Regiment ( Lancaster )
108th Regiment RAC ( Lancashire Fusiliers ) from 1/5th Battalion , Lancashire Fusiliers
109th Regiment RAC ( Lancashire Fusiliers ) from 1/6th Battalion , Lancashire Fusiliers
110th Regiment RAC ( Border Regiment ) from 5th Battalion , Border Regiment
111th Regiment RAC ( Manchester Regiment ) from 5th Battalion , Manchester Regiment
112th Regiment RAC ( Foresters ) from 9th Battalion , Sherwood Foresters – armoured cars
141st Regiment RAC from 7th Battalion , Buffs ( Royal East Kent Regiment )
142nd ( Suffolk ) Regiment RAC from 7th Battalion , Suffolk Regiment
143rd Regiment RAC ( Lancashire Fusiliers ) from 9th Battalion , Lancashire Fusiliers
144th Regiment RAC from 8th Battalion , East Lancashire Regiment
145th Regiment RAC ( 8DWR ) from 8th Battalion , Duke of Wellington 's Regiment
146th Regiment RAC from 9th Battalion , Duke of Wellington 's Regiment
147th Regiment RAC from 10th Battalion , Hampshire Regiment
148th Regiment RAC from 9th Battalion , Loyal Regiment ( North Lancashire )
149th Regiment RAC from 7th Battalion , King 's Own Yorkshire Light Infantry
150th Regiment RAC from 10th Battalion , York and Lancaster Regiment
151st Regiment RAC from 10th Battalion , King 's Own Royal Regiment ( Lancaster )
152nd Regiment RAC from 11th Battalion , King 's Regiment ( Liverpool )
153rd Regiment RAC from 8th Battalion , Essex Regiment
1942
113th Regiment RAC from 2/5th Battalion , West Yorkshire Regiment
114th Regiment RAC from 2/6th Battalion , Duke of Wellington 's Regiment
115th Regiment RAC from 2/7th Battalion , Duke of Wellington 's Regiment
116th Regiment RAC from 9th Battalion , Gordon Highlanders
154th Regiment RAC from 9th Battalion , North Staffordshire Regiment
155th Regiment RAC from 15th Battalion , Durham Light Infantry
156th Regiment RAC from 11th Battalion , Highland Light Infantry
157th Regiment RAC from 9th Battalion , Hampshire Regiment
158th Regiment RAC from 6th Battalion , South Wales Borderers
159th Regiment RAC from 10th Battalion , Gloucestershire Regiment
160th Regiment RAC from 9th Battalion , Royal Sussex Regiment
161st Regiment RAC from 12th Battalion , Green Howards
162nd Regiment RAC from 9th Battalion , Queen 's Own Royal West Kent Regiment
163rd Regiment RAC from 13th Battalion , Sherwood Foresters
1943
1st Scorpion Regiment RAC ( equipped with Scorpion flail tanks ) converted from 41st Royal Tank Regiment ; became 1st Assault ( Engineer ) Regiment , Royal Engineers 1944 and thus left the RAC .
1944
49th Armoured Personnel Carrier Regiment ( equipped with Kangaroo APCs ) converted from 49th Royal Tank Regiment
Reconnaissance regiments
The Reconnaissance Regiments had mainly been formed in 1941–3 from infantry battalions and/or brigade anti-tank companies . They usually took their numbers from the infantry divisions in which they were formed , but retained them if transferred to another division . Some had been disbanded before transfer to the RAC in 1944 , some had been converted from RAC regiments and consequently returned to the corps in 1944 .
1st Reconnaissance Regiment RAC
2nd Reconnaissance Regiment RAC
3rd ( Royal Northumberland Fusiliers ) Reconnaissance Regiment RAC
4th Reconnaissance Regiment RAC
5th Reconnaissance Regiment RAC
15th ( Scottish ) Reconnaissance Regiment RAC
38th ( Welsh ) Reconnaissance Regiment RAC
43rd ( Wessex ) Reconnaissance Regiment ( The Gloucestershire Regiment ) RAC
44th Reconnaissance Regiment RAC
45th Reconnaissance Regiment RAC
46th Reconnaissance Regiment RAC
49th ( West Riding ) Reconnaissance Regiment RAC
52nd ( Lowland ) Reconnaissance Regiment RAC
53rd ( Welsh ) Reconnaissance Regiment RAC
54th Reconnaissance Regiment RAC
56th Reconnaissance Regiment RAC
59th Reconnaissance Regiment RAC
61st Reconnaissance Regiment RAC
63rd Reconnaissance Training Centre ( became 62nd Training Regiment RAC )
80th Reconnaissance Regiment RAC ( Holding and training regiment )
81st ( West African ) Reconnaissance Regiment RAC
82nd ( West African ) Reconnaissance Regiment RAC
161st ( Green Howards ) Reconnaissance Regiment RAC ( converted from 161st Regiment RAC )
1st Airborne Reconnaissance Squadron
6th Airborne Armoured Reconnaissance Regiment RAC
2nd Derbyshire Yeomanry
GHQ Liaison Regiment ( Phantom )
See also
British armoured formations of the Second World War
List of British mobile brigades during the Second World War
Notes
References
Bibliography
External links
Armoured regiments of the British Army in World War II
Lists of British Army units and formations
United Kingdom in World War II-related lists
Baldwin de Redvers , 6th Earl of Devon ( 1217 – 15 February 1245 ) , feudal baron of Plympton in Devon and Lord of the Isle of Wight , was the son of Baldwin de Redvers and Margaret FitzGerold and grandson of William de Redvers , 5th Earl of Devon .
Career
Because his father died at a young age it is likely that Baldwin was born posthumously . Although it is not recorded when he came of age and did homage for his lands , it is known that he was knighted by King Henry III and created 6th Earl of Devon on Christmas Day 1239 at Winchester .
In 1240 he departed to the Holy Land on the Barons ' Crusade with a host of crusaders led by Richard of Cornwall .
Family and children
In 1235 he married Amice de Clare ( 1220–1284 ) , daughter of Gilbert de Clare , 4th Earl of Hertford and had the following children :
Baldwin de Redvers , 7th Earl of Devon .
Isabella de Redvers , Countess of Devon ( or Isabella de Fortibus ) ( died 1293 ) , married William de Forz , 4th Earl of Albemarle . After the death of her brother , she became Countess of Devon in her own right , and Lady of the Isle of Wight .
Footnotes
References
External links
Redvers family
England , Earls Created 1138–1143 : Earls of Devon 1141–1262 ( Redvers/Reviers )
1217 births
1245 deaths
6
Baldwin
Christians of the Barons ' Crusade
Istanbul is the tenth novel in the long-running Nick Carter-Killmaster series of spy novels . Carter is a US secret agent , code-named N-3 , with the rank of Killmaster . He works for AXE – a secret arm of the US intelligence services .
Publishing history
The book was first published in October 1965 ( Number A157F ) by Award Books part of the Beacon-Signal division of Universal Publishing and Distributing Corporation ( New York , USA ) , part of the Conde Nast Publications Inc . The novel was written by Manning Lee Stokes .
Plot summary
The story is set in May 1965 . Several Federal Bureaus of Narcotics ( FBN ) agents have been murdered in Turkey . Carter attends a secret meeting in which a top US Government official orders him to assassinate four individuals believed to be involved in protecting an international heroin processing and distribution network based in Turkey . Carter accepts the mission and makes his way to Istanbul posing as a crewman on a cargo freighter .
Carter makes contact with fellow AXE agent Charles “ Mousy ” Morgan stationed in Istanbul . Mija Gialellis , a former heroin addict , is being held in AXE custody in order to provide information on how to penetrate the opium smuggling syndicate . Morgan tracks Maurice Defarge – one of the four assassination targets – to the Le Cinema Bleu where he is known to the owner Leslie Standish . Carter and Morgan visit Le Cinema Bleu intending to seize Standish and interrogate her at AXE 's Istanbul office . They observe Marion Talbot , Defarge 's secretary , enter the club 's back office . Carter follows and finds Standish dead in her office – her throat cut in the same way as the murdered FBN agents . A peculiar smell – acetone – fills the air . Carter encounters and fights Johnny Ruthless – one of the other assassination targets – but can not capture or kill him . A few minutes later , Carter finds Morgan outside the club with his throat cut .
Now undercover , Carter and Mija take a room in a hotel overlooking Defarge 's business headquarters . Carter breaks in at night and confronts the obese Defarge . The shock of the encounter induces a heart attack in Defarge and Carter extracts the date and route of the next opium shipment before leaving Defarge to expire apparently from natural causes . Carter further learns that the Turkish syndicate has sold the opium processing equipment to communist Chinese interests for 10 million Turkish pounds ( then about US $ 1 million ) ( about US $ 7.8 million in 2011 ) . Again Carter smells acetone .
Carter and Mija are parachuted into Urfa ( Sanliurfa , Edessa , Mesopotamia ) close to the border with Syria to intercept the opium caravan and kill the second target , Gonzalez . The caravan is protected by 100 Kurdish tribesmen . Carter poses as a Kurd to infiltrate the caravan but is exposed and captured . He manages to escape and lies in wait for Gonzalez as he crosses a river separating Turkey from Syria . As the caravan approaches Carter sets off Tiny Tim – a small atomic grenade . A badly injured Gonzalez survives . He shows Carter a bag containing Mija 's severed head – cut off by the Kurdish bodyguards . Carter strangles Gonzalez . Carter passes out from his injuries and awakes in the sanatorium of Dr Joseph Six – former Nazi doctor who experimented on prisoners in extermination camps .
Dr Six gives Carter a fatal dose of morphine and leaves him alone to die . Carter vomits up the morphine and dives out the hospital window into the Bosphorus . Carter immediately returns to the sanatorium and kills Dr Six and his cronies with Pierre – the poison gas bomb . Carter leaves the sanatorium and is picked up on his way back to the city center by Tessa Travis – apparently a bored and lonely businessman 's wife – who takes him back to her villa .
In the bathroom , Carter finds acetone nail polish remover – the distinctive smell of which he recalled from the Le Cinema Bleu and Defarge 's office . Carter realizes that Tessa Travis is Marion Talbot and Johnny Ruthless – responsible for the murders of the FBN agents , Leslie Standish and “ Mousy ” Morgan . Travis is a communist agent acting for China and has arranged the takeover of the opium syndicate killing everyone who gets in her way . She pulls a knife on Carter and they struggle . She falls on the blade and dies . Carter has eliminated all four targets . He recuperates in Turkey before returning to the USA .
Main characters
Nick Carter ( agent N-3 , AXE ; posing as Thomas J. Norris , Grover Stout , John R Thomson )
Mr Hawk ( Carter 's boss , head of AXE )
Maurice Defarge ( opium syndicate member )
Carlos Gonzalez ( opium syndicate member
Dr. Joseph Six ( former Nazi extermination camp doctor ; opium syndicate member )
Johnny Ruthless ( aka Marion Talbot – Defarge 's secretary ; Tessa Travis ; opium syndicate member )
Charles “ Mousy ” Morgan ( AXE Istanbul section leader )
Mija Gialellis
References
1965 American novels
Nick Carter-Killmaster novels
Novels set in Istanbul
Novels set in the 1960s
Works about opium
The Recherche was a 20-gun Marsouin-class scow of the French Navy , later reclassified as a 12-gun frigate . She earned fame as one of the ships of Bruni d'Entrecasteaux ' expedition , along with Espérance . Recherche Bay in Tasmania was named after her .
Career
The ship was built as Truite and served under this name until July 1791 , when she was renamed to Recherche and recommissioned as a 12-gun frigate .
She departed from Brest on 29 September 1791 for an exploration mission in search of Lapérouse , sailing to New Caledonia . Bruni d'Entrecasteaux died aboard on 21 July 1793 .
Fate
On 28 October 1793 , Recherche was captured by the Dutch at Surabaya , only to be returned to France in February 1794 . She was sold to Holland in September and sold for scrap two months later .
Sources and references
Jean-Michel Roche , Dictionnaire de la flotte française de 1671 à nos jours , Tome I , p. 372
See also
European and American voyages of scientific exploration
Exploration ships
1787 ships
Kids News Network , created 1991 in New York City by JoAnna Levenglick who also produced the show featuring junior reporters . The Kids News Network covered entertainment , pro sports , books , technology , style , and health . Celebrity interviews are one-on-one , and are done by two young reporters , including Diandra Levenglick , who had done celebrity interviews since 1993 , and have traveled all over the United States , Canada and the Bahamas doing movie junkets and were on the set of feature films . Some of the guests include : Arnold Swarzeneggar , Al Jareau , George Benson , Lindsay Lohan , Sinbad , Martin Short , Rosie O'Donnell , Oprah , Shaq , Phil Hartman , Natalie Portman , Richie Sambora , Tina Fey , the Olsen Twins , Derek Jeter , Kobe Bryant , Samuel L. Jackson , Morgan Freeman . The Kids News Network was the first TV news and entertainment show that featured so many celebrities and famous authors of children 's books and pro sports players . The show is in the process of going Broadband .
External links
Official site
1991 American television series debuts
1990s American television news shows
2000s American television news shows
2010s American television news shows
2020s American television news shows
WHEL ( 93.7 FM ) is a radio station licensed to Sanibel , Florida , broadcasting to the Fort Myers/Naples area . Owned by Sun Broadcasting , it broadcasts a country music format under the branding of Hell Yeah 93.7 .
History
The station was originally a local signal licensed to Naples , and located at 93.5 on the FM band . Beginning its life as WLAJ-FM in December 1971 , the station changed its call letters to WRGI in 1974 . It was later known as `` G-93.5 '' airing a Top 40 format , but flipped to adult contemporary afterward during the late 1970s . In 1987 , the station returned back to Top 40 when it became `` Lazer 93.5 '' . Retaining its WRGI call letters , its call letters back to the former WLAZ as `` Lazer 93.5 '' in 1989 . Its Top 40 format only lasted for nearly three years . Its format changed to classic rock and returned back to its WRGI call letters on November 19 , 1990 . Its format would later shift to an oldies format . In mid-September 1994 , the station dropped the format and WRGI call letters for a simulcast of WNOG-AM airing a talk format . On February 17 , 1997 , WNOG-FM became WPRW with a Dance Radio format with the station 's moniker name `` Power 93.5 '' , reminiscent of WPBT `` Power 89.5 '' , a simulcast of now-defunct 91.5 , `` The Spark '' . This lasted until March 24 , 1999 dropped its dance format and the station flipped to soft adult contemporary as `` Lite 93.5 '' with their call letters WTLT . Its format would later upgrade to normal adult contemporary .
In late 2002 , WTLT 's frequency changed from 93.5 to 93.7 FM , which allowed an increase in its coverage area . And in 2010 , WTLT moved its transmitter closer to Fort Myers , in order to more effectively cover Lee County , and the northern part of the market .
On June 19 , 2013 , after Beasley Broadcasting shifted the part of the active rock format from WJBX to portions of the day on Hot Talk WRXK to make room for the move of ESPN Radio to 99.3 FM , WTLT dropped its `` Lite 93.7 '' adult contemporary format and assumed the `` X '' moniker and active rock format . On June 26 , 2013 , WTLT changed its call letters to WXNX .
On September 16 , 2020 , the station flipped to automated country music as `` Trump Country 93.7 '' , with no airstaff , and promos performed by a Donald Trump impersonator . The 93X Facebook page announced that it would be `` back on a new channel soon ! ''
On December 18 , 2020 , WXNX rebranded as `` Hell Yeah 93.7 '' under new WHEL call letters , lacking the Trump continuity promos and still without an airstaff .
The station 's programmer claimed the switch was made due to Joe Biden campaign officials reaching out to the station with threats that Biden 's new FCC make-up would revoke the station 's license upon his taking office on January 20 , 2021 , due to alleged equal time violations , though this was likely promotional hyperbole , as both the campaign and FCC never commented on the claims . The programmer also claimed they wanted calls and branding with the word `` fuck '' in them ( a move that in reality , would have been rejected by the FCC immediately ) , but were rebuffed by Sun Broadcasting 's attorneys .
HD Radio
WHEL airs an active rock format on its HD2 subchannel , branded as `` Rock 103.3 '' .
On March 7 , 2022 , WHEL-HD2 changed formats from Regional Mexican to active rock , branded as `` Rock 103.3 '' .
Translators
WHEL broadcasts its HD2 subchannel on the following translator :
References
External links
FCC Call Sign Changes , Mass Media Public Notice , May 1999
ECFS Filing : InterMart Broadcasting , May 4th , 1999
HEL
Country radio stations in the United States
1971 establishments in Florida
Radio stations established in 1971
James Douglas ( 21 March 1675 – 2 April 1742 ) was a Scottish physician and anatomist , and Physician Extraordinary to Queen Caroline .
Life and works
One of the seven sons of William Douglas ( died 1705 ) and his wife , Joan , daughter of James Mason of Park , Blantyre , he was born in West Calder , West Lothian , in 1675 . His brother was the lithotomist John Douglas ( died 1759 ) .
In 1694 he graduated MA from the University of Edinburgh and then took his medical doctorate at Reims before going to London in 1700 .
He worked as an obstetrician , and gaining a great reputation as a physician , was elected Fellow of the Royal Society of London in 1706 , FCP in 1721 .
One of the most respected anatomists in the country , Douglas was also a well-known man-midwife . He was asked to investigate the case of Mary Toft , an English woman from Godalming , Surrey , who in 1726 became the subject of considerable controversy when she tricked doctors into believing that she had given birth to rabbits . Despite his early scepticism ( Douglas thought that a woman giving birth to rabbits was as likely as a rabbit giving birth to a human child ) , Douglas went to see Toft , and subsequently exposed her as a fraud .
Douglas practiced midwifery and performed public dissections at home .
Douglas mentored and befriended anatomist and surgeon William Hunter ( 1718–1783 ) , whom he met in 1740 when Hunter came to London .
Hunter would live in the Douglas household and remained there after Douglas died in London on 2 April 1742 , leaving a widow and two children .
Douglas produced a series of manuscript English , French , Latin and Greek grammars , and an ample index to the works of Horace . A Treatise on English Pronunciation by James Douglas ( 1914 ) was edited by Anna Paues . Another edition was due to Börje Holmberg ( Lund , 1956 ) . He undertook botanical studies , notably his monograph on the Guernsey Lily .
Terminology
As a result of Douglas 's investigations of female pelvic anatomy , several anatomical terms bear his name :
Douglas pouch
Peritoneal space formed by deflection of the peritoneum .
Douglasitis
Inflammation of Douglas pouch .
Douglas abscess
Suppuration in Douglas pouch , most often seen in appendicitis or adnexitis .
Douglas fold
A fold of peritoneum forming the lateral boundary of Douglas pouch .
Douglas line
The arcuate line of the sheath of the rectus abdominis muscle .
Douglas septum
The septum formed by the union of Rathke 's folds , forming the rectum of the fetus .
Footnotes
External links
Who Named It ? ( James Douglas )
Papers and Drawings of James Douglas , Glasgow University Library archives
Douglas papers
1675 births
1742 deaths
People from West Lothian
Scottish anatomists
Reims University ( 1548–1793 ) alumni
Fellows of the Royal Society
18th-century Scottish medical doctors
Scottish obstetricians
Alumni of the University of Edinburgh
Scottish midwives
Freemasons of the Premier Grand Lodge of England
People from West Calder
Trading up the chain is a marketing and propaganda tactic of deliberately inducing circular reporting , by seeding a message or claim in a less-credible medium , with the intent of it being quoted and repeated by publications ( or people ) who appeal to a wider audience . Those more-authoritative sources are then cited , to build up the message 's credibility and publicize it further . Trading up the chain can be a tactic for disinformation and media manipulation .
The term was publicized by the author and marketer Ryan Holiday , who described its use in marketing and politics .
See also
Information laundering
Argument from authority
Disinformation
Astroturfing
References
Disinformation
Internet manipulation and propaganda
Marketing strategy
News media manipulation
Publicity
Alfred Bates ( 8 June 1944 – 17 December 2013 ) was a British Labour Party politician .
Having unsuccessfully fought Northwich in 1970 , Bates was first elected to the House of Commons in the February 1974 general election , as Member of Parliament for Bebington and Ellesmere Port . He was re-elected at the October 1974 election , but lost his seat at the 1979 general election to the Conservative Barry Porter by 486 votes ( a margin of just 0.7 % ) . Bates served as a government whip between 1976 and 1979 .
Notes
References
Times Guide to the House of Commons 1979
1944 births
2013 deaths
Labour Party ( UK ) MPs for English constituencies
UK MPs 1974
UK MPs 1974–1979
The Philippine House Special Committee on Persons with Disabilities is a special committee of the Philippine House of Representatives .
Jurisdiction
As prescribed by House Rules , the committee 's jurisdiction includes the following :
Needs , rights and welfare of persons with disabilities ( PWD )
Policies and programs that will enhance PWD active participation and integration in society
Members , 18th Congress
See also
House of Representatives of the Philippines
List of Philippine House of Representatives committees
References
External links
House of Representatives of the Philippines
Persons with Disabilities
Nicky Whelan ( born 10 May 1981 ) is an Australian actress and model known for her role as Pepper Steiger in the Australian soap opera Neighbours .
Career
Before Neighbours , Whelan hosted a number of shows , including Coxy 's Big Break ( Seven Network ) , Beyond the Boundary ( Network Ten ) , and Melbourne Woman ( Seven Network ) , and played the fictional celebrity `` Chrissie Grant '' on Russell Coight 's Celebrity Challenge , a spin-off of All Aussie Adventures .
Whelan is also known as the face of the rural Victorian city , Shepparton , and she hosted the night racing at Moonee Valley for eight years .
Whelan has also posed for a number of Australian magazines , including FHM ( in October 2007 ) , Ralph ( in November 2005 ) and Inside Sport .
In November 2007 , Whelan made a special appearance in Harrow , London , to promote sustainable transport and initiatives that benefit the environment . She also shot some photos for Harrow 's 'It 's Up to All of Us ' campaign . At the event , she confirmed that after Neighbours , she had been in discussions over feature films .
Whelan was in the movie Hollywood and Wine in Los Angeles with David Spade .
Whelan appeared in the final season of Scrubs as Maya , an Australian medical-school student .
In November 2010 , Whelan appeared in a viral advertisement for Rökk Vodka alongside The Lonely Island .
Whelan also played the role of Leigh in the 2011 film Hall Pass , which co-starred Owen Wilson , Jason Sudeikis , Jenna Fischer , and Christina Applegate .
In October 2011 , Whelan guest-starred as an attractive telemarketing temp in the episode `` Temp-Tress '' of the American sitcom Workaholics , and appeared in the 2015 movie The Wedding Ringer starring Kevin Hart .
Whelan is currently starring in betting advertisements on Australian television for BetEasy .
Personal life
Whelan was born in Cranbourne , Victoria , Australia . She is the granddaughter of Marcus Whelan , who played in the Victorian Football League in the 1930s and '40s .
In 2016 , Whelan became engaged to American football player Kerry Rhodes . Whelan and Rhodes were married in Los Angeles on 15 April 2017 , but divorced the same year in November .
In her spare time , Whelan also trains boxing as well as Brazilian jiu-jitsu .
Filmography
References
External links
1981 births
Australian female models
Australian soap opera actresses
Australian television presenters
Australian expatriate actresses in the United States
Living people
Actresses from Victoria ( Australia )
21st-century Australian actresses
Australian film actresses
Australian women television presenters
See the Sun may refer to :
See the Sun ( 2003 ) , an album by Black Lamb .
See the Sun ( 2005 ) , an album buy Pete Murray .
See See the Sun ( 1973 ) , an album by Kayak .
`` See the Sun '' ( 2003 ) , a song by Dido from her second studio album Life for Rent .
`` See the Sun '' ( 2008 ) , a song by The Kooks from their second studio album Konk .
The 1911 Baylor football team was an American football team that represented Baylor University as an independent during the 1911 college football season . In its second season under head coach Ralph Glaze , the team compiled a 2–4–2 record and was outscored by their opponents by a total of 53 to 40 .
Schedule
References
Baylor
Baylor Bears football seasons
Baylor Bears football
The WWE SmackDown Women 's Championship is a women 's professional wrestling world championship created and promoted by the American professional wrestling promotion WWE on the SmackDown brand . Unveiled on the August 23 , 2016 , episode of SmackDown , it was created to be the counterpart title to the then-WWE Women 's Championship , which became exclusive to Raw as a result of the 2016 WWE draft and renamed to the Raw Women 's Championship .
The championship is generally contested in professional wrestling matches , in which participants execute scripted finishes rather than contend in direct competition . The inaugural champion was Becky Lynch , who won the title at Backlash on September 11 , 2016 . Liv Morgan is the current champion in her first reign . She won the title by defeating Ronda Rousey at Money in the Bank after cashing in her Money in the Bank contract that she won earlier in the night .
As of , , overall , there have been 23 reigns between 12 champions and one vacancy . Charlotte Flair has the most reigns at six . Bayley 's second reign is the longest singular reign at 380 days , while Flair 's fourth reign is the shortest at less than 1 day . Bayley also holds the record for longest combined reign at 520 days . Asuka is the oldest champion at 37 , while Alexa Bliss is the youngest , having won it at 25 .
Title history
Combined reigns
As of , .
See also
Women in WWE
Women 's championships in WWE
References
External links
Official SmackDown Women 's Title History
WWE championships lists
WWE SmackDown
WWE women 's championships
Women 's professional wrestling championships lists
KSJD ( 91.5 FM ) , is a National Public Radio-affiliated station in Cortez , Colorado . It primarily features National Public Radio programming . The station is currently owned by Community Radio Project .
Translators
In addition to the main station , KSJD is relayed by an additional two translators to widen its broadcast area . It is also digitally relayed to Rico , Colorado with an FM frequency of 89.5 .
Location
The station is based in the historic Montezuma Valley National Bank building in Cortez , Colorado .
See also
List of community radio stations in the United States
References
External links
KSJD official website
KSJD
SJD
Community radio stations in the United States
MiR-206 is a microRNA with a sequence conserved across most mammalian species , and in humans is a member of the myo-miR family of miRNAs , which includes miR-1 , miR-133 , and miR-208a/b . Mir-206 is well established for the regulation of cellular processes involving skeletal muscle development , as well as mitochondrial functioning . miR-206 is studied in C2C12 myoblast cells as this is a widely used model for the study of cellular differentiation of skeletal muscle . The biogenesis of miR-206 is unique in that the primary mature transcript is generated from the 3p arm of the precursor microRNA hairpin rather than the 5p arm . Currently , miR-206 has approximately twelve miRNA family members ( six of which are shown in Table 1 ) , and the cognate seed sequence ( nucleotides 2-8 ) of the miR-206 family is conserved across all twelve miRNA members .
While miR-206 is tightly regulated during the embryonic development of skeletal muscle , miR-206 is also regulated by the nuclear steroid hormone receptor 17β-estradiol . Further evidence supporting the role of miR-206 in tumorigenesis originates from studies showing miR-206 is highly expressed in triple-negative breast tumors that grow independent of 17β-estradiol when compared to estrogen-receptor positive ( ERα+ ) , 17β-estradiol sensitive breast cancer cells . miR-206 is also an indicator of poorer overall survival rates in breast cancer patients . While miR-206 has a well defined role in breast tumor etiology , miR-206 was recently shown to control mesothelioma progression via the regulation of the Ras signaling pathway These studies add to an increasing body of literature showing how small noncoding regulatory RNAs maintain the normal cellular processes that prevent the tumorigenic process . A number of cell lines used to elucidate the role of miR-206 in breast cancer include MCF-7 , MDA-MB-231 , and MDA-MB-468 cell lines .
Single nucleotide polymorphisms ( SNPs ) can be located in the miRNA seed sequence , and therefore are known to have functional consequences . One such effect is the altered binding efficacy of a miRNA to the cognate mRNA target based on the altered single nucleotide composition of the miRNA seed region . In fact , a number of studies have indicated that the canonical seed sequence of a miRNA is not a sole determinate in miRNA : mRNA pairing interactions , as mutations of residues outside the seed region can also alter this binding efficacy . The miR-206 regulation of ERα through the direct binding of miR-206 in the ERα 3 ' UTR , is a good example of how a miRNA : mRNA base pairing interaction can be influenced by SNPs .
A number of additional miR-206 regulatory modules have been identified , such as the lncRNA HOTAIR mediated up-regulation of Bcl-w through sequestration of miR-206 which in turn enhances cellular proliferation in breast cancer cells . This study indicates miR-206 can interact with other non-coding RNAs to control a variety of tumorigenic process in a number of cancer systems . In support of this , SNHG14 can also sponge miR-206 thereby modulating the abundance of YWHAZ in cervical cancer . Together , these studies and the numerous studies not cited here due to space limitations , clearly show the therapeutic potential of a miRNA such as miR-206 in the oncological setting .
Outside the realm of tumor biology , miR-206 is of clinical interest due to the continued detection of this miRNA in samples from those with type 2 diabetes ( TIID ) and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease ( NAFLD ) . In some studies the therapeutic delivery of miR-206 in a dietary obese mouse model resulted in reduced lipid and glucose production within the liver . The ability of miR-206 to facilitate insulin signaling and modulate lipogenesis indicates miR-206 may be a novel therapy for those with hyperglycemia . Mir-206 has also recently been identified as a biomarker for certain limb dystrophies , while circulating miR-206 levels are associative with preeclampsia .
References
MicroRNA
Breast cancer
Hormones
Estradiol
Cancer
Tom Agnos ( 1936 – December 20 , 2004 ) was an American law enforcement officer known for his time as the sheriff of Maricopa County , Arizona .
Early life
Agnos was born in Lima , Ohio , in 1936 , and had served in the United States Air Force for some time prior to moving to Arizona in 1961 to join the Phoenix Police Department . Agnos would go on to serve as Phoenix Police 's assistant chief prior to winning a term as the Maricopa County Sheriff in 1988 .
Tenure as Maricopa County Sheriff
During his tenure as sheriff , Agnos instated 100 % pay for employees who were hurt on the job , a practice that was later adopted by other agencies .
Controversy
Agnos was at the center of controversy following the Waddell Buddhist temple shooting . In the aftermath of the shooting , MCSO deputies arrested five men from Tucson , Arizona based on a tip from a psychiatric patient .
It was later discovered that the men were coerced into confessing , with investigators extracting false confessions by exaggerating evidence , badgering them with leading questions , and threatening the death penalty .
One of the five men arrested was freed after he provided an alibi , but the other four , dubbed by the media as the `` Tucson Four '' , remained in custody even though no physical evidence linked them to the crime . Charges were eventually dismissed , and their innocence was established in late 1991 when two men were found to be the suspects responsible .
Members of the Tucson Four later filed lawsuits against Maricopa County , and in 1994 , two of the people who sued received $ 1.1 million each , while another received $ 240,000 . The investigation was criticized by the Maricopa County Attorney , as well as Arizona 's Senator Dennis DeConcini .
For his part , Agnos said he believed the arrests were justified , and that the confessions were worthy of murder charges . Publicity generated by Agnos ' handling of the temple shooting led to his defeat by Joe Arpaio in the November 1992 general election .
Death
Agnos died on December 20 , 2004 , at his home in Sun City West . It was reported at the time that Agnos died from a self-inflicted gunshot wound , but Agnos ' wife said he had been battling terminal cancer .
References
1936 births
2004 deaths
Arizona sheriffs
People from Maricopa County , Arizona
Politicians from Phoenix , Arizona
Suicides by firearm in Arizona
Industrial sickness is defined all over the world as `` an industrial company ( being a company registered for not less than five years ) which has , at the end of any financial year , accumulated losses equal to , or exceeding , its entire net worth and has also suffered cash losses in such financial year and the financial year immediately preceding such financial year '' .
Meaning for people
Industrial sickness is a term applied to various things associated with industry that make people ill and cause them to miss work . The solutions will have to be tailored to the specific industry , and only in that way can any real effect be made on improving the health and productivity of the industrial workforce .
The key is an aggressive work-up on the health issues for a given segment of the industrial workforce , and usually broken down by type of work ( which makes sense ) . Even as coal miners face overpowering respiratory threats , and foundry and mill workers have to confront major physical threats from large ( heavy ) quantities of extremely hot materials , each facet of industrial production has its hot-button health issues .
Industrial health managers need training and experience identifying and remediating conditions that present major health threats to their respective workforces . Then they can train the rest of management and can teach the workers themselves about the best way to carry out their jobs with minimum threats to their health .
Meaning for companies
According to Companies ( Second Amendment ) Act , 2002
`` 'Sick Industrial Company ' means an industrial company which has
i ) The Accumulated losses in any financial year equal to 50 per cent or more of its average net worth during four years immediately preceding such financial year ; or
ii ) Failed to repay its debts within any three consecutive quarters on demand made in writing for its repayment by a creditor or creditors of such company . ''
Industrial Sickness In India
Industrial sickness specially in small-scale Industry has been always a demerit for the Indian economy , because more and more industries like – cotton , Jute , Sugar , Textiles small steel and engineering industries are being affected by this sickness problem .
As per an estimate 300 units in the medium and large scale sector were either closed or were on the stage of closing in the year 1976 . About 10 % of 4 lakhs unit were also reported to be ailing . And this position also remain same in the next decades . At the end of year 1986 , the member of sick units in the portfolio of scheduled commercial banks stood at 1,47,740 involving an outstanding bank credit of Rs . 4874 crores .
Where the total number of large Industries which are sick were 637 units at the end of year 1985 increased to 714 units in the end of next year 1986 .
Likewise on the other hand the number of sick small scale units were also increased 1.18 lakhs at the end of 1985 to 1.46 lakhs at the end of 1986 .
The bank amount which was outstanding in case of large industries for the same period also increased from Rs.2,900 crores to Rs . 3287 crores at the end of year 1986
Dues of Small Scale sector also increased from Rs.1071 crores to Rs.1306 crores at the end of the year 1986 .
Of the 147 , 740 sick industrial units which contains large medium as well as small scale involving the total bank loan ( credit ) of Rs . 4874 at the end of the year 1986 .
Causes of sickness in small scale industry
The different types of industrial sickness in Small Scale Industry ( SSI ) fall under two important categories . They are as follows :
Internal causes for sickness
We can say pertaining to the factors which are within the control of management . This sickness arises due to internal disorder in the areas justified as following :
a ) Lack of Finance : This including weak equity base , poor utilization of assets , inefficient working capital management , absence of costing & pricing , absence of planning and budgeting and inappropriate utilization or diversion of funds .
b ) Bad Production Policies : Another very important reason for sickness is wrong selection of site which is related to production , inappropriate plant & machinery , bad maintenance of Plant & Machinery , lack of quality control , lack of standard research & development and so on .
c ) Marketing and Sickness : This is another part which always affects the health of any sector as well as SSI . This including wrong demand forecasting , selection of inappropriate product mix , absence of product planning , wrong market research methods , and bad sales promotions .
d ) Inappropriate Personnel Management : Another internal reason for the sickness of SSIs is inappropriate personnel management policies which includes bad wages and salary administration , bad labour relations , lack of behavioural approach causes dissatisfaction among the employees and workers .
e ) Ineffective Corporate Management : Another reason for the sickness of SSIs is ineffective or bad corporate management which includes improper corporate planning , lack of integrity in top management , lack of coordination and control etc .
External causes for sickness
a ) Personnel Constraint : The first for most important reason for the sickness of small scale industries are non availability of skilled labour or manpower wages disparity in similar industry and general labour invested in the area .
b ) Marketing Constraints : The second cause for the sickness is related to marketing . The sickness arrives due to liberal licensing policies , restrain of purchase by bulk purchasers , changes in global marketing scenario , excessive tax policies by government and market recession .
c ) Production Constraints : This is another reason for the sickness which comes under external cause of sickness . This arises due to shortage of raw material , shortage of power , fuel and high prices , import-export restrictions .
d ) Finance Constraints : Another external cause for the sickness of SSIs is lack of finance . This arises due to credit restrains policy , delay in disbursement of loan by govt. , unfavorable investments , fear of nationalization .
e ) credit squeeze initiated by the government policies .
References
Sick Industrial Companies ( Special Provisions ) Act , 1985 , http : //legalpundits.com/Content_folder/SICKA24092008.pdf
https : //www.scribd.com/doc/19150346/Industrial-Sickness-of-India
An article on Industrial Sickness from S. Murlidharan , http : //www.thehindubusinessline.in/2004/07/15/stories/2004071500041100.htm
Further reading
Industrial Sickness , According to information compiled by . RBI from scheduled commercial banks , as of March 31 , 2001. http : //indiabudget.nic.in/es2001-02/chapt2002/chap79.pdf
F.M . Scherer and David Ross , Industrial Sickness in Private and Joint Sectors , http : //isid.org.in/pdf/wp4.pdf
Secondary sector of the economy
Business failures
Dr. Chen Jirui ( , also known as Jerry Chen , 1930–2004 ) was a Chinese research scientist , medical doctor and teacher . He played a key role in introducing Traditional Chinese medicine to English-language speaking medical professionals . His book Acupuncture Case Histories from China was essential reading for the California State Acupuncture Board .
Professional life
Chen graduated from Peking Union Medical College in 1957 . In the early 1980s he was one of the founders of the Journal of Traditional Chinese Medicine , the first English language periodical on TCM published in China . He was also a member of the China Academy of Traditional Chinese Medicine .
He was co-editor ( with Nissi Wang ) of Acupuncture Case Histories from China ( Eastland Press , 1988 ) , a book which marked `` the first original collection of acupuncture case histories in English . Included are over one hundred case histories contributed by prominent practitioners of acupuncture in China . ''
In 1990 , he emigrated to the United States , where he held several posts , again serving as an intermediary between Western medicine and Traditional Chinese Medicine ( TCM ) and acupuncture . He was also director of research at the East West Medical Research Institute in Los Angeles , co-editor-in-chief of the International Journal of Clinical Acupuncture , research scientist at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center , an instructor at SAMRA University and Emperor 's College , and director of research at Tongyuan International .
Publications
( co-ed . with Nissi Wang ) Acupuncture Case Histories from China ( Eastland Press , 1988 )
( co-ed . with Nissi Wang , tr . François Beyens ) Acupuncture : observations cliniques en Chine ( Vigot , 1999 )
( co-ed . with Nissi Wang , tr . Josef Fallbacher ) Akupunktur aus China in 101 Fallbeschreibungen : Diagnose und Therapie gemäss den Grundlagen der Traditionellen Chinesischen Medizin ( Wilhelm Maudrich , 2000 )
( co-ed . with Nissi Wang ) Casos Clinicos de Acupuntura da China
References
External links
Chen Jirui on Worldcat
1930 births
Traditional Chinese medicine
Acupuncture
Peking Union Medical College alumni
2004 deaths
Hershey may refer to :
People
Hershey ( name ) , a list of people with the surname , given name or nickname
Places
Hershey , Nebraska , a village
Hershey , Pennsylvania , an unincorporated community , home to the chocolate company
Hershey , Cuba , also known as Camilo Cienfuegos , a village in Mayabeque province
Companies and organizations
The Hershey Company , North American chocolate manufacturer
Hershey bar , a Hershey product
Hershey Creamery Company , an unrelated ice cream manufacturer
Hershey Development , a slot machine manufacturer , and parent company of Jennings & Co .
Hershey Electric Railway , from Havana to Matanzas , Cuba
Hershey Trust Company , Milton Hershey 's trust
Hershey Entertainment and Resorts Company , Hershey , Pennsylvania :
Hershey Park
The Hershey Story
Schools
Hershey School of Musical Art , Chicago , Illinois
Hershey High School ( Pennsylvania ) , Hershey , Pennsylvania
Sports
Hershey Open , a PGA golf tournament from 1933 to 1941 , played in Hershey , Pennsylvania
Hershey Bears , a hockey team based in Hershey , Pennsylvania
Hershey FC , a soccer club based in Hershey , Pennsylvania , from 1997 to 2001
Hershey Impact , a soccer club based in Hershey , Pennsylvania , from 1988 to 1991
Hershey Wildcats , a soccer club based in Hershey , Pennsylvania
Other uses
Hershey fonts , an influential collection of computer fonts developed in 1967
The Hotel Hershey , Hershey , Pennsylvania
Hershey : Milton S. Hershey 's Extraordinary Life of Wealth , Empire , and Utopian Dreams , 2006 biography by Michael D'Antonio
Judge Hershey , a character in Judge Dredd
See also
Hershey 's ( disambiguation )
Hershey Centre , a sports and entertainment complex in Mississauga , Ontario , Canada
Hershey House , Perry Township , Indiana , on the National Register of Historic Places
Hershey Ridge
Hershey Run
, a soft drink company in the Netherlands
is a Japanese rugby union player who plays as a back row forward .
In his home country he plays for the NEC Green Rockets whom he joined in 2011 . He was also named in the first ever squad which will compete in Super Rugby from the 2016 season . Murata is a Japanese international who debuted against South Korea in 2015 , but did not make the squad for the 2015 Rugby World Cup .
References
1988 births
Living people
Japanese rugby union players
Japan international rugby union players
Rugby union flankers
Green Rockets Tokatsu players
People from Tokyo
Hino Red Dolphins players
Sunwolves players
Brew is a surname . Notable people with the surname include :
Aled Brew ( born 1986 ) , Welsh rugby union player
Bill Brew ( 1918–1941 ) , Australian rugby league footballer
Charlotte Brew , British equestrian
Chartres Brew ( 1815–1870 ) , Canadian judge
Chloe Brew ( born 1995 ) , British rower
Derrick Brew ( born 1977 ) , American sprinter
Dorian Brew ( born 1974 ) , American football player
Francis Brew ( cricketer ) ( 1903–1974 ) , Australian cricketer
Frank Brew ( 1927–2020 ) , Australian rules footballer
George G. Brew ( 1868–1937 ) , member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
Helen Brew ( 1922–2013 ) , New Zealand actress , filmmaker and educator
John Brew ( born 1938 ) , Australian businessman
Josephine Macalister Brew ( 1904–1957 ) , British educator
Kate Brew Vaughn ( 1873–1933 ) , American author and teacher
Kwesi Brew ( 1928–2007 ) , Ghanaian poet and diplomat
Nathan Brew ( born 1982 ) , Welsh rugby union player
Neil Brew ( born 1979 ) , New Zealand rugby union player
Paul Brew ( born 1965 ) , British swimmer
Rama Brew , Ghanaian actress
Ray Brew ( 1903–1979 ) , Australian rules footballer and coach
Robin Brew ( born 1962 ) , British swimmer
Thomkins Brew , Irish resident magistrate
See also
George Leake ( 1856–1902 ) was Premier of Western Australia and son of George Walpole Leake .
George Leake may also refer to :
George Leake ( merchant ) ( 1786–1849 ) , director of the Bank of Western Australia and chairman of the Perth Town Trust
George Walpole Leake ( 1825–1895 ) , barrister and magistrate and nephew of George Leake ( 1786–1849 )
See also
Leake family tree
Salvation of Innocents is the eighth album by American metalcore band Earth Crisis , released in March 2014 by Candlelight Records . It is their first concept album about animal rights and anti-vivisection . Vocalist Karl Buechner divided the theme into three parts throughout the album : the feelings of the protestors , the viewpoint of the vivisectionists , and what the animals are experiencing . A comic book of the Liberator series published by Black Mask Studios was made in collaboration with the band and released simultaneously with Salvation of Innocents , sharing similar conceptual ideas and artwork .
On July 10 , 2020 , Salvation of Innocents was reissued on vinyl as a limited edition .
Critical reception
Salvation of Innocents received positive reviews from music critics . Sam Mendez of Ultimate Guitar wrote that while musically the album did not stand out from the band 's previous records , the decision to create a concept album lyrically focused on one social issue made it worthwhile for animal rights activists as well as old and new listeners of Earth Crisis .
Track listing
Credits
Personnel
Karl Buechner – vocals
Scott Crouse – guitar
Ian `` Bulldog '' Edwards – bass
Dennis Merrick – drums
Erick Edwards – guitar
Technical personnel
Chris `` Zeuss '' Harris – mixing
References
2014 albums
Earth Crisis albums
Candlelight Records albums
Albums produced by Chris `` Zeuss '' Harris
Concept albums
The 2007 FIA GT Zhuhai 2 Hours was the opening race of the 2007 FIA GT Championship season . It took place on March 25 , 2007 . Over 22,000 paying spectators plus another 1,000 VIPs attended the race in person .
This raced marked the first time Lamborghini scored an overall victory in an international racing series , with the All-Inkl.com Racing Lamborghini Murciélago R-GT taking the win .
Official results
Class winners in bold . Cars failing to complete 75 % of winner 's distance marked as Not Classified ( NC ) .
† – Michael Bartels was excluded from the results for driving less than 35 minutes .
‡ – # 97 BMS Scuderia Italia was excluded from the results for failing post-race inspection due to a lower than legal ride height .
Statistics
Pole Position – # 1 Vitaphone Racing Team – 1:31.339
Average Speed – 147.92 km/h
External links
Official FIA GT website – Race Results
Z
6 Hours of Zhuhai
2007 in Chinese motorsport
Hui mian ( ) is a Henan-style noodle soup . It is made with lamb bones cooked with various Chinese herbs for at least five hours to get a distinct milky white broth . In addition to noodles , the soup can contain kelp shreds , tofu shreds , coriander , quail eggs , and may be garnished with coriander , chili oil , sugar garlic , and minced peppers .
The ingredients used in Hui mian differ in regards to different cities and restaurants .
History
The Hui mian recipe is widespread and originated in the Tang dynasty . The origin of the dish is said to be that a rural woman invented Hui mian when she tried to make a type of nutritious noodles for Li Shimin , the second emperor , to help him recover strength when he was starving while on the run during a war . Li loved the dish , so Li found the lady a year later after he became the emperor of the Tang Dynasty . The emperor then commanded his royal chefs to study the recipe from that lady .
Hui mian became a secret food in royal families . Centuries later , in the late Qing Dynasty , when the Eight-Nation Alliance invaded China , the Empress Dowager Ci Xi was recorded saying that she had Hui mian a lot during the run of the war , and that `` Hui mian can dispel cold '' . Until the end of the Qing Dynasty , the royal chef Pang Enfu escaped from the Forbidden City and lived in seclusion in Henan . He started teaching the common people to cook Hui mian , and as a result Hui mian began spreading among the common people .
Variations
The province of Henan is famous for its Hui mian . Most Hui mian in the Henan area are culinary variants of the original royal food of Hui mian . The province has more than a hundred million people , and as a result many different styles of Hui mian have developed between populations and ethnic groups .
Yang Fu Yan Hui mian
Yang Fu Yan Hui mian has become famous in recent years in Henan . The Yang Fu Yan recipe of Hui mian follows the traditional cooking style of Hui mian , using only mutton and beef as broth , instead of adding pork as other newly developed recipes do .
Heji Lamb Hui mian
Heji Lamb Hui mian is a Halal variant of Hui mian . The predecessor of Heji style originated from the Old Folks Hotel and Restaurant in Zheng Zhou . In 1953 , Li Shaoqing and four other people were in charge of the hotel management , so they changed the name to `` Heji Restaurant '' ; `` Heji '' means `` many people manage together '' in Chinese . Since 1967 , they have specialized in lamb noodles , and renamed their signature dish to `` Heji ( 合记 ) Lamb Hui mian '' , commonly known as `` Heji '' . In May 1994 , Heji Hui mian won the award of `` all of the famous brand names of food '' in China . In December 1997 it won the title of `` Chinese famous snacks '' .
Xiaoji Sanxian Hui mian
Xiao Ji Sanxian Hui mian is another common Hui mian style in Henan . Xiaoji Sanxian Hui mian 's founder Xiao Honghe was a Yifu mian ( ) chef in the Zhengzhou government-owned Changchun Hotel . After retiring from the government-owned restaurant , he and his two sons opened a Hui mian restaurant . He did not follow the traditional mutton Hui mian recipe , but he found his special recipe from the inspiration of Yifu noodles by adding Sanxian ingredients to the original mutton or beef broth and mixing the traditional mutton broth with chicken broth and bone broth . Sanxian means using a combination of three umami dressing ingredients , which are commonly shrimp , black wood ear , and baby bamboos . Nowadays , people use a variation of these three dressing ingredients as long as the categories of seafood , fungus , and fresh vegetables can also be called Sanxian Hui mian .
Yexian Hui mian
The main feature of Yexian Hui mian is the mutton hot pot , which is made of high-quality flour , which is delicate and smooth , soft and glutinous , smooth and palatable . The Hui mian soup is made of fresh lamb chops and lamb hooves , and a little more flavorful spice seasoning . Fat but not greasy , light but not thin , with scorched chili oil , beautiful in color and fragrance . It is well known in more than a dozen counties and cities in the surrounding area and belongs to the special flavor category .
Junxian Old-fashioned Hui mian
Jun County is located in the northern part of Henan Province and is the main producing area of high-gluten wheat . As a result , the noodles of the people of Junxian County are more abundant and diverse . The old-fashioned noodles of Junxian County , the biggest difference from other noodles is the secret stir-fried stewed noodles , the original soup noodles , it can be said that Hebi people 's gourmet memory .
Secret stir-fried stew : dry stir-fried lamb , stir-fried with black sauce . Take goat meat , dice , and set aside . Heat the oil , fry the scallion and ginger , stir-fry the lamb for about 30 minutes . Change the heat to low heat and stir-fry for 10 minutes with the secret black sauce . Handmade noodles , boiled noodles in clear broth , cooked with mustard , dried shrimps , secret stir-fried marinated bowl . Gluten , delicious and aromatic .
Fangcheng Hui mian
Fangcheng Hui mian originated in the early 1980s . They were inspired by Zhengzhou Hui mian . The stewed noodle masters combined the characteristics of Fangcheng-there are more Hui people , so they are rich in mutton resources . Then they explored and improved based on Zhengzhou braised noodles . Southern specialties-Fangcheng Hui mian . Fangcheng Hui mian seems easy to make , but to achieve true taste is by no means what ordinary people can do . To determine whether it is authentic Fangcheng Hui mian , one looks at the soup , the second with the noodles , and the third with chili oil .
Lamb bones and whole lamb skeleton for soup , put them in a pot of clean water , and simmer on high heat . After two hours , they will foam up and put in the old seasoning bag to improve the flavor . Add the mutton pieces , then change to a new seasoning bag to add flavor , the fire is overwhelming , and then it is simmered .
A few hours later , the house was full of mellow fragrance , the meat seemed to be rotten as mud , and the soup was as thick as milk . Choose the best wheat flour , water and noodles , salt and water , and salt is the key . Knead the dough into a ball into a floc . Knead , knead hard , the dough is bright and shiny , and the gluten is as strong as glue . Cover the pressure plate with a damp cloth . After sex , sit quietly , divide the noodles into one or two noodles each , push and roll them into oval noodles , apply a small layer of sesame oil on both sides to prevent adhesion , one by one , shiny and white , neatly stacked Into the disk , to spare it . This is the method of making noodles , with three-character commands : flexibility , toughness , and light . Chili oil , the finest seasoning of Fangcheng Hui mian , is like using MSG for cooking . To make chili oil , mutton oil and small red-pointed chili produced in Fangcheng must be used .
Modern Hui mian storage process
Due to modern technology and increased demand , many university labs in Henan have developed instant storage of Hui mian to keep the taste while making it easy for people to store , move it around , and eat it . The best way for preserving food for storage and easy consumption is `` instant frozen '' .
See also
Chinese Islamic cuisine
Chinese noodles
Instant noodles
List of Chinese soups
List of noodle dishes
Beef noodle soup
Henan cuisine
Luoyang
Zhengzhou
References
Chinese noodle dishes
Culture in Henan
Nathaniel Thompson ( born 11 May 1981 ) , better known professionally as Giggs , is a British rapper and songwriter from Peckham , London . He released his debut studio album Walk in da Park in 2008 and released a follow-up album Let Em Ave Is the following year .
Giggs released his third studio album When Will It Stop in October 2013 . In 2016 , Giggs released his fourth album Landlord , which entered and peaked at number 2 on the UK Albums Chart – becoming the highest-charting album of his career .
His mixtape Wamp 2 Dem was released in 2017 and also debuted at No . 2 . His latest album Now or Never was released in 2020 . Giggs is also the frontman and founder of record label and rap collective SN1 ( Spare No 1 ) , which includes Gunna Dee , Joe Grind , Kyze and Tiny Boost .
While sometimes referred to as a grime MC , Giggs has repeatedly stated the music he makes is not grime , but rather falls under the UK rap umbrella .
Music career
Pre-career
Raised by Caribbean parents , Giggs was a DJ in Peckham , predominantly playing reggae , ragga and Dancehall . He also had his own radio station called `` Spare No One FM '' .
2005–08 : Career beginnings and Walk in da Park
Giggs ' stage name is derived from his childhood nickname of Giggler , and on some of his earliest releases he was also credited as Gig . After deciding to pursue a music career , he released numerous mixtapes including Hollowman Meets Blade which featured Blade Brown , Welcome to Boomzville , Best of Giggs 1 and 2 and 3 and Ard Bodied , which featured Dubz . His mixtapes have supposedly sold more than 10,000 units . This success helped his popularity expand outside London .
In 2007 , Giggs released the track `` Talkin ' da Hardest '' , which featured Giggs rapping over the instrumental of Stat Quo 's song `` Here We Go '' originally produced by Dr. Dre . `` Talkin ' da Hardest '' was later certified silver after it was officially released . In 2008 he released his debut album Walk in da Park independently . This album helped Giggs ' popularity expand outside London and in 2008 he was nominated for the BET Awards in the US for Best Hip-Hop Act : UK . Giggs won the award beating out more established acts at the time .
2009–2012 : Let Em Ave It
In August 2009 Giggs signed a record deal with XL Recordings .
Giggs released Let Em Ave It in 2009 and singles released from that album include `` Slow Songs '' featuring Mike Skinner , `` Look What The Cat Dragged In '' and `` Do n't Go There '' featuring American rapper B.o.B . At the Reading Festival in 2010 , Giggs appeared on BBC Three , which was his first television appearance , performing his single `` Look What The Cat Dragged In '' . That year he also appeared on Tinchy Stryder 's single `` Game Over '' Alongside Chipmunk , Devlin , Example , Tinie Tempah and Professor Green . The single charted at No . 21 in the Official UK Singles Chart . This year he was nominated at the MOBO awards in the Best UK Hip Hop/Grime category . He was then nominated again for the same award in 2011 .
2013–14 : When Will It Stop
In 2013 , Giggs released the album When Will It Stop . The album featured artists such as Ed Sheeran and Styles P. It debuted at number 21 on the UK Albums Chart , becoming his highest-charting album at the time .
2015–2018 : Landlord and Wamp 2 Dem
As Giggs geared up for the release of his album Landlord he featured on many records . Two notable records were `` Man Do n't Care '' by JME and `` Three Wheel Ups '' by Kano , also featuring Wiley . `` Man Do n't Care '' went on to be certified Gold in the UK by the BPI whilst `` Three Wheel Ups '' was certified silver .
On 5 August 2016 , Giggs released his fourth studio album Landlord independently on SN1 Records . The album features guest appearances from Stormzy , Rico Love , Donae ' o and more . It was received well and garnered very positive reviews . Landlord became Giggs ' highest entry on the UK Albums Chart , debuting at number two . The album was preceded by the lead single `` Whippin Excursion '' and followed up with the club-themed `` Lock Doh '' , which achieved a Gold certification from the BPI in March 2018 . The album Landlord also went on to be certified silver by the BPI . Landlord was nominated for Best Album at the 2016 MOBO Awards .
Also in 2016 , Giggs was nominated for several awards at the KA & GRM Daily Rated Awards . On the night he walked away with the Artist of the Year Award . This year he was also nominated for two MOBO awards . Best Rap/Hip-Hop and Best Album .
In March 2017 , Giggs was featured on two songs from Canadian rapper Drake 's album More Life , `` No Long Talk '' and `` KMT '' . `` KMT '' peaked at No.9 on the UK Singles Chart whilst `` No Long Talk '' peaked at 17 . `` KMT '' is certified gold in the UK by the BPI and `` No Long Talk '' is certified silver .
Giggs was nominated for Best Hip Hop at the 2017 MOBO Awards , which he went on to win . He was also nominated for Best International Act : Europe at the 2017 BET Awards .
On 6 October 2017 , Giggs released a new mixtape entitled Wamp 2 Dem . Despite also being offered as a free download , the project sold enough units to enter the UK Albums Chart at number two , making it his joint highest-charting release . Giggs released `` Linguo '' featuring Donae ' O as the only single from the project , it peaked at No . 28 on the UK singles chart and would later be certified silver by the BPI .
Giggs collaborator Drake was a surprise headline act at Wireless 2018 in London , filling in for DJ Khaled . Drake would come out right after Giggs ' Wireless set , as they performed KMT for the second time in the UK . They first performed KMT at Reading Festival , where Giggs brought out Drake as a surprise guest .
2019–2020 : Big Bad and Now or Never
Giggs announced his new album `` Big Bad '' via YouTube on 7 January 2019 , with a 2-minute trailer . This features Giggs attacking London whilst `` 187 '' is heard in the background . The second part of his YouTube film The Essence was inspired by the soundtrack of Big Bad . It was released on 22 February 2019 .
On 6 November 2020 , Giggs released a surprise mixtape called Now or Never . It consisted of 16 tracks , with features including Dave , Jorja Smith , A Boogie wit da Hoodie , Kyze , Aystar , Tiny Boost , DeMarco , Obongjayar and Emeli Sandé .
Legal issues
Giggs was convicted for possession of a firearm in 2003 , and sentenced to two years and eight months in prison . In February 2012 , police searched a car Giggs was in and found an illegal firearm ; Giggs spent six months remanded in custody , despite the driver admitting to owning the gun , as police accused Giggs of being aware of the firearm . Giggs was acquitted on all charges .
Giggs often experienced venues cancelling events he was scheduled to appear at mere hours before the performance . Giggs was dropped as support act for Lil Wayne before a 2006 tour without explanation . These incidents have been linked to actions of the Metropolitan Police Service , who have been said to have specifically targeted Giggs . Giggs believes that they `` must have called the venues and threatened them with taking away their licences '' . In 2010 , he said that `` every single thing I do that 's supposed to be positive , they fuck up for me '' . In 2013 , he stated : `` I do n't want to get caught up in whose fault it is , or whether the police are after me [ ... ] I 'm just happy to be making music again '' .
In 2009 , the Metropolitan Police wrote to XL strongly advising the label not to sign Giggs , though they did anyway . A 2010 tour planned by Giggs was cancelled due to police warnings . In 2013 , Giggs ' London performance of material from When Will It Stop was cancelled by police , after they had given him the go-ahead . Giggs responded in a video publicly apologising to fans , reimbursing them for tickets , and sarcastically praising the police 's attempts to `` slow [ him ] down '' .
Discography
Studio albums
Walk in da Park ( 2008 )
Let Em Ave It ( 2010 )
When Will It Stop ( 2013 )
Landlord ( 2016 )
Big Bad ... ( 2019 )
Commercial mixtapes
Wamp 2 Dem ( 2017 )
Now or Never ( 2020 )
Awards and nominations
Filmography
References
External links
Black British male rappers
English male rappers
Rappers from London
People from Peckham
English songwriters
Living people
1983 births
Takeover Entertainment artists
XL Recordings artists
English people of Jamaican descent
Gangsta rappers
21st-century British rappers
21st-century British male musicians
British male songwriters
Gintarė Venčkauskaitė ( born 4 November 1992 in Klaipėda ) is a Lithuanian modern pentathlete .
Biography
She competed in 2010 Youth Olympics and reached 6th place . In 2011 World Championships she was 37th , while winning the national championship . Venčkauskaitė had her first Olympic Games participation in 2012 , finishing 12th .
References
External links
1992 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Klaipėda
Sportspeople from Vilnius
Lithuanian female modern pentathletes
Modern pentathletes at the 2010 Summer Youth Olympics
Modern pentathletes at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Modern pentathletes at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Olympic modern pentathletes of Lithuania
An Act for the Admission of the State of California into the Union is the federal legislation that admitted California to the United States as the thirty-first state . California is one of only a few states to become a state without first being an organized territory .
Name
An Act for the Admission of the State of California into the Union was the formal title given to the Congressional legislation passed by the 31st Congress , and signed by President Millard Fillmore on September 9 , 1850 , which admitted California as the 31st state to the Union . Per the terms of the Compromise of 1850 , California was admitted as a free state . The Act may informally be referred to as the California Statehood Act or the California Admission Act .
Background
Start of Mexican-American War and Bear Flag Revolt
The United States declared war on Mexico on May 13 , 1846 . After receiving word of the declaration of war , a force consisting mostly of American settlers in California staged a revolt on June 15 , 1846 against Mexican authorities , which became known at the Bear Flag Revolt . They overwhelmed and captured the small Mexican garrison at Sonoma and declared the California Republic ( Spanish : La República de California ) , or Bear Flag Republic , raising the original Bear State flag over the captured garrison . Their control was largely restricted to the area around Sonoma , California and lasted for 25 days . On July 5 , 1846 , Brevet Captain John C. Frémont assumed control of the republic 's forces and integrated into his California Battalion . On July 9 , 1846 , Navy Lieutenant Joseph Warren Revere arrived in Sonoma and replaced the Bear Flag with the flag of the United States , formally declaring the United States possession of California .
End of Mexican-American War
The Mexican–American War ended with the signing of the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo in 1848 . In the treaty , Mexico ceded a large portion of northern Mexico in what is now the southwestern United States . With the acquisition of the large territory , Congress began debating how to organize it . Initially , there was no cause to rush the organization , as the territory was sparsely populated . However , with the discovery of gold at Sutter 's Mill , California , a large migration of Americans began , as well as an influx of new immigrants from Europe and Asia seeking to find gold or provide goods and services to those seeking gold . The migration gave rise to the immediate necessity of organizing the territory to provide services such as recording land deeds and claims , providing court services and law enforcement , and organizing local governments .
Admission debate
The issue of the expansion or restriction of slavery was a fundamental dispute in the admission of new states to the Union since before the passage of the Missouri Compromise in 1820 . The size of the California territory , its natural resources , access to the Pacific , and the speed at which the territory 's population was expanding added a special urgency to organizing and admitting California into the Union . Some feared that if the United States did not act swiftly an independence movement could erupt that might sever California from the United States . A fierce debate raged over the status of California and the other territories ceded to the U.S. by Mexico for most of the 31st Congress . General Zachary Taylor , a hero of but also a staunch opponent of the Mexican War , had become President in March 1849 . Although Taylor was a southern slaveowner , he believed that slavery was economically unfeasible in the acquired territories and therefore opposed the expansion of slavery as pointless and controversial , which became a serious obstacle impeding agreement in Congress on a solution to the territorial issue .
In Taylor 's 1849 State of the Union message to Congress , he commented extensively on the issue of California , stating in part ,
The extension of the coast of the United States on the Pacific and the unexampled rapidity with which the inhabitants of California especially are increasing in numbers have imparted new consequence to our relations with the other countries whose territories border upon that ocean . It is probable that the intercourse between those countries and our possessions in that quarter , particularly with the Republic of Chili , will become extensive and mutually advantageous in proportion as California and Oregon shall increase in population and wealth .
…
No civil government having been provided by Congress for California , the people of that Territory , impelled by the necessities of their political condition , recently met in convention for the purpose of forming a constitution and State government , which the latest advices give me reason to suppose has been accomplished ; and it is believed they will shortly apply for the admission of California into the Union as a sovereign State . Should such be the case , and should their constitution be conformable to the requisitions of the Constitution of the United States , I recommend their application to the favorable consideration of Congress .
The California Constitution , which had been adopted on November 13 , 1849 , and proposition to admit California as a new state was submitted to Congress for debate by President Zachary Taylor on February 13 , 1850 .
With the unexpected death of Taylor on July 9 , 1850 , Vice President Millard Fillmore became President . Although Fillmore was a northerner and was not a slaveholder , he had strong ties to the South and was much more open to a compromise that would allow the extension of slavery into the territories . The change of leadership opened the door for the passage of the Compromise of 1850 , crafted by Senator Henry Clay , which allowed the admission of California into the Union without Congress imposing any limitation on the introduction of slavery . However , the Constitution adopted by the California Constitutional Convention in October 1849 in preparation for admission into the Union specifically prohibited slavery in the new state . The compromise was offset by concessions to slave states , including the possible extension of slavery into other territories ceded from Mexico and the passage of the Fugitive Slave Act of 1850 , which stripped the free states of much of their legal ability to protect blacks who were suspected of fleeing slavery from kidnapping by slave catchers and forcible removal to the South .
Texts
Clay Resolutions
On January 29 , 1850 , Senator Clay proposed eight resolutions to end the heated debate over the status of the territories acquired from Mexico . Congress adopted Clay 's resolutions , collectively known as the Clay Resolutions , which prepared the way for the passage of the five acts making up the Compromise of 1850 . The first resolution concerned the admission of California and reads as follows :
Resolved , That California , with suitable boundaries , ought , upon her application to be admitted as one of the States of this Union , without the imposition by Congress of any restriction in respect to the exclusion or introduction of slavery within those boundaries .
California Admission Act
The California Admissions Act was the second act of the Compromise of 1850 to be passed by Congress .
The text of the act contained three sections and enacted five main provisions :
Admitted California as a full and equal state in the union ( Section One ) .
Granted California two seats in the House of Representatives until the next Congressional reapportionment ( Section Two ) .
Placed the land in California into the federal public domain under the sole authority of Congress and outside the authority of California to tax or lay assessments ( Section Three ) .
Stipulated that waterways in California would be open to free navigation by all citizens of the United States without the imposition of taxes , duties or fees for usage ( Section Three ) .
Declared none of the provisions in the act of admission was to be construed as endorsing or rejecting any provision in the Constitution of California ( Section Three ) .
The final provision in Section Three was intended as a declaration that Congress took no position on the provisions against slavery contained in the California constitution .
The text of An Act For The Admission Of The State Of California Into The Union reads as follows :
Preamble
Whereas the people of California have presented a constitution and asked admission into the Union , which constitution was submitted to Congress by the president of the United States , by message dated February thirteenth , eighteen hundred and fifty , and which , on due examination , is found to be republican in its form of government :
Section 1
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled , that the state of California shall be one , and is hereby declared to be one , of the United States of America , and admitted into the Union on an equal footing with the original states in all respects whatever .
Section 2
And be it further enacted , that , until the representatives in Congress shall be apportioned according to an actual enumeration of the inhabitants of the United States , the state of California shall be entitled to two representatives in Congress .
Section 3
And be it further enacted , that the said state of California is admitted into the Union upon the express condition that the people of said state , through their legislature or otherwise , shall never interfere with the primary disposal of the public lands within its limits , and shall pass no law and do no act whereby the title of the United States to , and right to dispose of , the same shall be impaired or questioned ; and that they shall never lay any tax or assessment of any description whatsoever upon the public domain of the United States , and in no case shall nonresident proprietors , who are citizens of the United States , be taxed higher than residents ; and that all the navigable waters within the said state shall be common highways , and forever free , as well to the inhabitants of said state as to the citizens of the United States , without any tax , impost , or duty therefore : provided , that nothing herein contained shall be construed as recognizing or rejecting the propositions tendered by the people of California as articles of compact in the ordinance adopted by the convention which formed the constitution of that state .
Approved , September 9 , 1850 .
Admission
With the signing of the Compromise of 1850 , California was formally admitted to the Union as the 31st state in the Union on September 9 , 1850 . The United States House of Representatives approved the bill on September 7 , 1850 by a vote of 150 to 56 . The United States Senate under the careful leadership of Henry Clay and Daniel Webster had previously voted on January 17 , 1850 to admit California into the Union by a vote of 48 to 3 and they concurred with the House vote on September 7 , 1850 .
The territory legislature first met as what would become the legislature of the State of California after admission on December 15 , 1849 at the first state capital at San Jose , California . The first American governor of California was Peter Hardeman Burnett , who was inaugurated as the first civilian governor prior to statehood on December 20 , 1849 and continued in the position until January 9 , 1851 . The first two members from California to the United States Senate were San Franciscans John C. Fremont and William M. Gwin , both of whom were members of the Democratic Party and took their oaths of office on September 10 , 1850 . On September 11 , 1850 , Edward Gilbert ( Democrat ) and George W. Wright ( Independent ) took their oaths of office to become the state 's two Representatives .
California Admission Day
California Admission Day is a legal holiday in the state of California , United States . It is celebrated as a day of observance annually on September 9 to commemorate the anniversary of the 1850 admission of California into the Union as the thirty-first state . The City of Monterey , California , where the state Constitutional Convention was first held , observes this day as a City holiday , where city offices and most facilities are closed .
Sources
Books
Journals
The Struggle for Civil Government in California , 1846-1985 by Joseph Ellison , California Historical Society Quarterly ; ( Part 1 : Vol.10 , No.1 ( March , 1931 ) , pp . 2-26 ) , ( Part 2 : Vol.10 , No.2 ( June , 1931 ) , pp . 129-164 . ) , ( Part 3 : Vol 10 , No.3 ( September , 1931 ) , pp . 220-244 . University of California Press .
See also
History of California
History of California before 1900
History of California 1900 to present
Index of California-related articles
Historical outline of California
Territorial evolution of California
Territorial evolution of the United States
Admission to the Union
Admission Day Monument in San Francisco
Conquest of California
Constitution of California
Flag of California
Popular Sovereignty and Slavery in the United States
Presidency of Zachary Taylor
Presidency of Millard Fillmore
Slavery in the United States
Notes
References
External links
Primary Sources
Text : Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo ( 1848 ) . Our Documents ; The National Archives and Records Administration .
Image of Congressional record for Henry Clay 's resolutions proposing the Compromise of 1850 , January 29 , 1850 . The United States Capitol Visitors Center .
Transcript of Compromise of 1850 . Our Documents ; The National Archives and Records Administration .
Other
California Admission Day . Glen Creason , Los Angeles Public Library , September 10 , 2018 .
How California Came to be Admitted . Museum of the City of San Francisco by Rockwell D. Hunt . Originally published by the San Francisco Chronicle on September 9 , 1900 .
.
California
California
The Iowa State Cyclones women 's volleyball team represents Iowa State University ( ISU ) and competes in the Big 12 Conference of NCAA Division I . The team is coached by Christy Johnson-Lynch , she is in her 12th year at Iowa State . The Cyclones play their home matches at Hilton Coliseum on Iowa State 's campus .
History
Early years
Iowa State first put together a volleyball squad in 1973 under coach Gloria Crosby . Initially just playing in regional tournaments and the occasional one-off match , they began participating in the brand new Big Eight tournaments in 1976 . Then in 1982 the Big Eight offered volleyball as a full sport including in-season conference play . The Cyclones struggled to put together competitive squads for most of their early years . Until 1995 they were unable to finish in the top half of the Big Eight . Jackie Nunez 's 1995 team was the first in school history to make the NCAA Tournament to go along with their second-place finish in the conference .
The 1997 transition to the Big 12 did not treat the Cyclones well . During their first nine seasons as a member of the Big 12 , they were only able to win 13 out of 59 matches in conference play .
Christy Johnson-Lynch ( 2005–present )
The hiring of Christy Johnson-Lynch in 2005 brought new life to the Cyclones as she has taken them to new heights . She took the Cyclones to the second round of the NCAA tournament in 2006 and has returned every year since . This includes three Sweet 16 teams and two runs to Elite 8 . She has produced 22 AVCA All-Americans .
Record
Individual awards
All-Americans
See also
List of NCAA Division I women 's volleyball programs
References
Flavius Iordanes was a Roman general and politician . He was holding the office of magister militum per Orientem when the Western Emperor Anthemius appointed him consul with Messius Phoebus Severus for 470 .
References
5th-century Romans
5th-century Roman consuls
Byzantine generals
Imperial Roman consuls
Magistri militum
Year of birth unknown
Year of death unknown
Imma auxobathra is a moth in the family Immidae . It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1906 . It is found on Borneo and in Nepal .
The wingspan is 15–16 mm . The forewings are dark purplish fuscous in males and blackish in females , with the markings ochreous orange . There is a subcostal streak from near the base to one-fourth and an oblique streak from beneath middle of this to one-third of the dorsum . An oblique series of three small spots is found beyond these , the middle one dash like , a larger subtriangular spot on the middle of the costa , in females a pear-shaped blotch extending almost from the apex of this to near the dorsum at three-fourths , bilobed beneath , in males reduced to two dots representing the extremities . In females a moderate spot in the disc beyond this , in males dot like . There is a curved series of about ten longitudinal marks from beneath the costa at two-thirds to above the tornus , in males reduced and ill defined . The hindwings are blackish fuscous in females , with a pale yellowish triangular spot in the middle of the disc , and a slender pale yellowish subdorsal streak not reaching the base or tornus . In males , the hindwings are dark fuscous , lighter on the discal and subdorsal streaks from the base , the tornus produced into a rounded prominence , above with a deep dorsal groove containing a pencil of long hairs .
References
Moths described in 1906
Immidae
Moths of Asia
Sheetal Menon is an Indian model and actress . Her origin is Kerala and Mangalore .
Menon is trained in Bharatanatyam and Odissi classical dance , trained under Guru Smt . Shobha . Menon ( Nasik ) and Guru Smt . Daksha Mashruwala ( Mumbai ) .
She began her career as a model and made her mark as one of the established faces in the modelling industry . Later she was signed on with the agency headed by Atul Kasbekar . She was a face of many leading lifestyle Brands and a Kingfisher Model in the year 2005 and 2008 .
During her final year in college , she joined Anupam Kher 's course , Actor Prepares . Her first acting role came in Nari Hira 's Bhram – An Illusion directed by Pawan Kaul . Her films include Shaitan ( 2011 ) , directed by Bejoy Nambiar , Julayi ( Telugu ) ( 2012 ) and David ( 2013 ) .
Filmography
Web Series
Notes
External links
Sheetal Menon at Bollywood Hungama
Living people
21st-century Indian actresses
Indian film actresses
Actresses in Hindi cinema
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Actresses in Tamil cinema
Female models from Bangalore
Female models from Kerala
Thomas Berry ( 1914–2009 ) was a Catholic priest of the Passionist order , cultural historian and ecotheologian .
Thomas Berry may also refer to :
Tom Berry ( baseball ) ( 1842–1915 ) , baseball player of the 1870s for the Philadelphia Athletics
Tom Berry ( South Dakota politician ) ( 1879–1951 ) , governor of South Dakota
Tom Berry ( boxer ) ( 1890–1943 ) , English boxer of the 1910s , 1920s and 1930s
Tom Berry ( Montana politician ) , Republican member of the Montana legislature
Tom Berry ( rugby union ) ( 1911–1993 ) , rugby union player and administrator
Tom Berry ( Australian footballer ) ( born 2001 ) , Australian rules footballer
Sir Thomas Berry ( politician ) ( died 1698 ) , English politician
See also
Thomas Barry ( disambiguation )
Thomas Bury ( disambiguation )
Sheikh Juma bin Dalmook Al Maktoum ( ; ( born December 23 , 1984 ) is a member of the ruling family of Dubai , and an Emirati sport shooter .
Biography
Juma Al-Maktoum is also an owner of thoroughbred racehorses . His silks are blue and yellow .
In 2013 , Juma married his first wife Camélia El Bishry who is French with an Egyptian father and a Moroccan mother . They have 3 children : Nouf , Maktoum and Noura .
References
External links
1984 births
Living people
Emirati male sport shooters
Trap and double trap shooters
Asian Games medalists in shooting
Shooters at the 2010 Asian Games
Shooters at the 2014 Asian Games
Shooters at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Olympic shooters of the United Arab Emirates
Asian Games silver medalists for the United Arab Emirates
Asian Games bronze medalists for the United Arab Emirates
Medalists at the 2010 Asian Games
Medalists at the 2014 Asian Games
Shooters at the 2018 Asian Games
Dinoponera longipes is a queenless species of ants in the subfamily Ponerinae .
Distribution
Dinoponera longipes have been collected in eastern Peru in the departments of Loreto , Amazonas , Huánuco , San Martín and Pasco , as well as Ecuador in the province of Pastaza . In Colombia it has been recorded near the Peruvian border in the department of Amazonas . In Brazil , Dinoponera longipes has been found in Acre , Amazonas as far east as Manaus , as well as along the Rio Madeira in Rondônia .
Taxonomy
Doubt was raised by Kempf ( 1971 ) as to whether Dinoponera longipes was a valid species . Since few specimens have been collected from western Brazil a clinal variation in character form with Dinoponera gigantea or Dinoponera mutica was a possibility . Specimens from Brazil examined by Lenhart , Dash & MacKay ( 2013 ) showed no such integration . Additionally , evidence of species validity comes from the unique morphology of the male . The nearest known locality of another species is Dinoponera gigantea 550 km away at Estirón Rio Ampiacu in the Loreto Region , Perú . There is a possibility that these could be males of a yet undiscovered species . However , relatively intensive collecting of Dinoponera in the area by numerous collectors has not revealed any other form .
Description
Workers of this species can easily be recognized by the golden luster of its conspicuous long , flagellate hairs especially on the frons . In addition this species has the following combination of character states : pronotal corner rounded without tooth-like process , no gular striations , a reflective , smooth and shiny integument . All specimens have a petiole which bulges on the dorso-anterior edge except for those from the Rio Madeira and Rio Negro in Brazil .
Males can be distinguished from other Dinoponera by the following combination of character states : funiculus of antennae with short , thick decumbent setae ; pygidial spine shorter than in Dinoponera gigantea and Dinoponera quadriceps but longer and narrower than in Dinoponera australis and Dinoponera snellingi , volsella with broad basal lobe covered in minute teeth .
References
Kempf WW ( 1971 ) A preliminary review of the ponerine ant genus Dinoponera Roger ( Hymenoptera : Formicidae ) . Studia Entomologica 14 : 369-394 .
Ponerinae
Insects described in 1901
Hymenoptera of South America
Gábor Bányai ( born 27 August 1969 ) is a Hungarian politician , member of the National Assembly ( MP ) for Bácsalmás , Bács-Kiskun County from 2006 to 2014 , later for Kiskunhalas since 2014 . He was a member of the Committee on Sustainable Development since 14 May 2010 . He was appointed vice-chairman of the Enterprise Development Committee in May 2014 .
He served as President of the General Assembly of Bács-Kiskun County from 2006 to 2014 . Minister Tibor Navracsics appointed him government commissioner responsible for the economic development of the Southern Great Plain in May 2022 .
Personal life
He is married . His wife is Krisztina Bányainé Móricz . They have five children - three daughters , Eszter , Krisztina and Anna and two sons , Áron and Gábor .
References
1969 births
Living people
Fidesz politicians
Members of the National Assembly of Hungary ( 2006–2010 )
Members of the National Assembly of Hungary ( 2010–2014 )
Members of the National Assembly of Hungary ( 2014–2018 )
Members of the National Assembly of Hungary ( 2018–2022 )
Members of the National Assembly of Hungary ( 2022–2026 )
Politicians from Budapest
SFU Stadium at Terry Fox Field is a multi-purpose sport field on Burnaby Mountain in Burnaby , British Columbia . It serves as the home field of the Simon Fraser University Red Leafs for association football , Canadian football ( before 2010 season ) and American football ( from 2010 season onward ) matches . The Red Leafs men 's lacrosse club also plays their home matches on Terry Fox Field , and Simon Fraser University 's Department of Recreation and Athletics regularly hosts sport camps on Terry Fox Field .
Naming
The field is named after Terry Fox , who was once a student of Simon Fraser University and played for SFU 's junior varsity basketball team .
Facility information
As a multi-purpose field , there are overlapping permanent markings for American football , soccer and lacrosse on Terry Fox Field . In order to accommodate the university 's transition from CIS ( playing Canadian football ) to the NCAA ( playing American football ) , Terry Fox Field was re-turfed in 2011 , with markings for a Canadian football field replaced with markings for an American football field .
Terry Fox Field 's tracks are classified as an IAAF Standard Track with a water jump hurdle outside the bend . West to the field itself is a long jump facility built according to IAAF standards .
Terry Fox Field had been one of the few varsity stadiums in Canada without permanent seating . However in 2021 , a permanent grandstand with seating for 1,823 spectators ( and room for 1,000 temporary bleachers which can be added when needed ) , was added . With the completion of the permanent stands , the venue 's name was changed to SFU Stadium at Terry Fox Field .
References
See also
Thunderbird Stadium
Swangard Stadium
Sports venues in British Columbia
Terry Fox
Simon Fraser Clan
Soccer venues in British Columbia
American football venues in Canada
Canadian football venues in British Columbia
Lacrosse venues
Urban Rivals is a massively multi-player online virtual trading card game . The game features over 2,000 characters with varying rarities and abilities to discover , collect and level up by fighting live against players from all over the world . It also has an active market , where players can buy cards from other players or put their own cards up for sale .
In September 2022 , the game was given a `` soft-reboot '' under the name Urban Rivals WORLD .
History
Urban Rivals is a multiplayer trading card game which was created by Acute Games . The very first versions of the game were based on iMode and Wap mobile platforms . In 2006 , the game was ported onto the internet , integrating major improvements to its gameplay . Mobile versions for iPhone and Android were launched respectively in 2010 and 2011 .
General information
Urban Rivals is an online multiplayer card game . Each card represents a character ( many of which are based on real people or well-known fictional characters ) . Each character has specific Power and Damage values , and belongs to a clan . Each clan has a special bonus , which is shared by all the cards in that clan . Most cards also have abilities that aid in battles , some of which counter or are triggered by other cards ' abilities .
Free registration gives a player 8 character cards ; more cards can be purchased later using the in-game currency , 'Clintz ' , or through random packs using premium currency , Credits . 4 new characters are added every two weeks , and included in the 'New Blood ' pack in the shop , which contains the 35 most recent additions to the game . In addition , every year , a new clan is released . During the introduction of the new clan , 4 ( previously 6 ) new characters from that clan are added to every release for the first two weeks .
The game uses affiliate marketing to encourage existing players to recruit or sponsor new players .
An associated webcomic is posted occasionally on the Urban Rivals official website . Sometimes this comic gives out hints of a new character or clan .
The last Flash client for Urban Rivals was as3 which , unlike its predecessor , featured ambient music , additional sound effects , and animations displaying the effects of the characters ' abilities . When the game transitioned to HTML5 , all features from the previous client have been retained .
Gameplay
When a battle starts , 4 cards are randomly dealt from each of the two players ' decks , usually made up of 8 cards . The cards in each player 's deck are limited by the format 's star count . Each card has a star count , from 2 to 5 , and the total star count of a deck can be either 25 ( called T1 ) or unlimited ( called T2 ) . The player with the higher star count between their 4 cards plays first , with the two players alternating between playing first or second each round . Each player , one after the other , chooses one card and plays a number of 'Pillz ' ( minimum 1 ) , resulting in an Attack Value equal to the card 's power value multiplied by the number of Pillz used . The two cards ' abilities and bonuses may affect either card 's power or attack values , or even cancel their abilities or bonuses . In a random fight , the card with the greater Attack Value has a greater chance of winning the round and dealing its Damage Value to the opponent 's Life Points . In a non-random fight , the card with the greater Attack Value always wins the round and deals its Damage Value to the opponent 's Life Points . All competitive fights are set to non-random . If there is a tie , then the card with the lower star count wins . If both cards have the same star count , then whichever was played first wins . The battle ends after 4 rounds , with the winner being the player with the greater number of Life Points remaining . The battle also ends once either player loses all of their Life Points .
Each player begins a battle with 12 Pillz and 12 Life , except in ELO Fighting Championship , where each player begins with 14 Life . Players receive 1 additional Pill before every round .
After each battle , players receive battle points ( BP ) . These points determine the player 's level . More points are earned from having a card defeat an opponent 's card with more stars , or one of the characters leveling up after a fight . A bonus is given if a player wins a battle by KO and has some Pillz remaining , but a penalty is incurred for losing a battle by timeout or forfeit .
Characters receive experience ( XP ) after each fight , with which they level up ( the starting and maximum level is determined by the character , with 1 being the lowest possible , and 5 the highest possible ) and become stronger . Characters earn more XP when winning , and when defeating characters with more stars . Many characters also receive an ability to help them in battle when they reach their maximum level , though some receive their ability earlier .
A player 's level is based on their cumulative number of battle points ( BP ) . When a player reaches Level 5 , they can join a Guild . Upon reaching Level 10 , they can create their own Guild . Upon reaching Level 15 , they can take part in ELO Fighting Championship . Players also receive a Leader card every 5 levels until Level 50 , then every 10 levels until Level 100 , and finally every 50 levels until Level 250 , for a total of 18 Leader cards .
Tournaments , Events and Missions
Besides free fights , there are tournaments occurring every two hours , where players compete against each other to score the most Battle Points within one hour . There are also restrictions on deck-building for the tournament . At the end of each tournament , participating players will be able to win Clintz ( used to buy cards from other players ) , Cryptocoinz ( introduced in September 2018 , used to buy Collector cards ) , and free Credits ( used to buy card packs ) based on their final rankings . Top 150 players will split the tourney jackpot , also based on their final rankings .
There is also a more strategy-based weekly ELO Fighting Championship ( previously known simply as ELO ) , with stricter deck-building rules , such as the star count limit of 25 ( as in T1 ) and . In EFC , there are six zones based on players ' points accumulation , namely `` Dark Corners '' , `` ChocoMuscle Ring '' , `` Danger Zone '' , `` EFC Tower '' , `` Polit Arena '' , and `` Z Palace '' . Each zone has restrictions on which character players can use . All players start off with 0 points , and are matched randomly against an opponent within 150 points of them . Players gain more points by defeating higher-ranked opponents , but will also lose more points if they lose to lower-ranked opponents . Players will also be required to play at least five EFC battles within a week to qualify for the EFC ranking of the week . There is no penalty for EFC inactivity , but players who do not play EFC within three days will be delisted from the ranking , and must play five EFC battles to re-qualify .
Each participating player will be able to win daily rewards from the EFC by playing EFC battles . These rewards include Battle Points , Clintz , and cards . At the end of each week , participating players will receive Clintz and Cryptocoinz , based on their final weekly rankings . EFC is also divided into seasons , which last for two weeks . At the end of each season , players will receive cards and Credits , based on their final season rankings , in addition to the weekly rewards .
On December 8 , 2008 , the game added a new Event creation feature , allowing players above level 40 to create their own customized tournaments . Rules can be set with a high degree of flexibility , in terms of scoring , matchmaking and more . The community has created more than 10,000 different Events in 3 months , some are based on story-telling , others on guild vs guild .
On December 18 , 2009 , the mission feature was introduced . Completing missions gives players a new way to receive cards , Clintz , and Credits . There are more than 1,000 missions , with more being released with every new release of cards or a clan , as well as for a few characters within each clan . These missions also include Legendary Missions , a series of four or five missions related to the clan , which will award the player a Legendary card upon completion ( 10 Credits if the player already has such a card ) . Legendary Missions are unlocked every few weeks or so , and last about a month .
On November 24 , 2015 , Arcade Mode was introduced . In this game mode , players are challenged to complete 12 series of 10 continuous battles against AI-controlled players , all of which are held in the headquarters of select clans , and are unlocked every week . Upon each battle victory , players can acquire stars for knocking out the opponent , finishing with at least 7 Life , or finishing with at least 3 Pillz . Players are also provided with two free continues which they can use to restart a battle they lost . Completing a HQ also allows players to replay that HQ in Hardcore mode , with no free continues and only one star available for each battle , but also with better completion rewards . Players can exchange the stars they have for rewards , from Clintz to cards ( including exclusive Legendary cards ) .
Miss Clint City
An annual competition at Urban Rivals is held every year to crown the `` Most Beautiful and Talented Woman of Clint City '' . The rules are very simple : All female characters released in the year are eligible for the contest . Players then begin voting which one , and the contestants are later cut down to 8 . Players then begin voting one out of the eight remaining contestants , and they are later cut down to the final 3 , where players vote again from these three , and finally the winner is announced sometime later . The winning card is re-released with a beauty pageant-themed artwork and a `` Miss '' tag before her name in celebration of her victory ( The original card is still available , though ) .
In 2009 , Miss Clint City was cancelled by the staff . After overwhelmingly negative responses from the players over the cancellation , the UR staff brought back Miss Clint City in 2010 .
Clans and Characters
Clans of Urban Rivals refer to the groups fighting for supremacy in Clint City . Each clan has its own theme , unique roster of characters , and a shared bonus for every character within that clan . One new clan is introduced each year . There are 33 clans in Urban Rivals as of June 2022 . With the reintroduction of the game as Urban Rivals WORLD , almost all of the clans are reorganized into six factions : Guardians , Urbans , Activists , Psychos , Supernaturals , and Technophiles . Leader and Oculus , on the other hand , remain on their own .
Characters of Urban Rivals are represented in the form of cards . Each character represents a certain clan and has unique background stories , sometimes in relation to another character or clan . Each character also has different Power and Damage stats , accompanied by various abilities to complement their respective clan 's bonus , in addition to name banner colors that determine their rarity ( Common , Uncommon , or Rare ) . There are a total of 2,067 characters available in the game as of August 2022 .
These characters include 133 Collector cards ( tagged Cr ) . They are discontinued cards that can no longer be purchased from the shop ; therefore they must be obtained from trading with other players or the weekly EFC draw . On some occasions , the staff announce which characters will be retired from the shop a few days to a few weeks in advance via the homepage news . In most scenarios , within 24 hours after the announcement , all existing sales of the upcoming Collector characters in the Market are cancelled , and any new sales of them are blocked . These characters can still be found from card packs after the announcement , and will eventually be removed from those packs on the specified date they go Collector , after which they are re-released in the form of new cards with an amber skin to better distinguish them from regular cards .
Also included in the character roster are Noel cards . They are cards that are given for free to active players every Christmas and are aptly given the `` Noel '' tag ( from Noël , the French term for Christmas ) . They are usually based on a character that was released within the year . As the tag implies , these cards feature Christmas-themed artwork and often have different stats and abilities to better distinguish them from their original versions . As with the Miss cards , the original versions of Noel cards remain available as they are .
In addition , there are a selection of Legendary cards ( tagged Ld ) . Introduced in November 2010 , they are special cards that can only be obtained through the completion of series of clan-specific limited-time missions or from Arcade Mode , and can neither be traded nor sold . There are currently 63 Legendary cards , with each clan having two , with the exception for the most recently introduced clan , which has one , and Leader , which has none .
There are also cards called Mythic cards ( tagged Mt ) . Introduced in May 2017 , they are old Collector cards that were re-released in the form of new cards with an emerald skin and a permanent 5x Clintz and/or XP boost when played in battle . As with Collector cards , these cards can only be acquired from the EFC or by trading with other players in the Market . There are currently 65 Mythic cards available . On some occasions , the staff announce which Collector cards will go Mythic , complete with a unique backstory explaining how they went Mythic . For a limited time before they eventually go Mythic , these Collector cards will be given a limited-time event , such as a tripled drop rate for them .
Formerly included in the entire character roster were Rebirth cards ( tagged Rb ) . Introduced in January 2015 , they were old characters that were re-released in the form of cards with new artwork , although the stats and abilities of their original cards remained unchanged . However , due to an overwhelming community vote , these cards were removed from the game in December 2016 . The Rebirth card illustrations have now been transferred to respective existing cards .
Critical reception
Urban Rivals received 88 % from Game Vortex , praising the typical five-minute game length , free access and poker-like element of the gameplay . However , the presentation was seen as functional , with inconsistent artwork quality and lack of sound .
Urban Rivals received 3.75/5 from MMOBomb , where they stated that Urban Rivals had stylish comic book art , fast-paced gameplay and a large playerbase . Though , Urban Rivals was also praised by some , as they stated that the game had 'amazing artwork ' and was a 'very addicting ' game .
References
External links
Official site
2006 video games
Massively multiplayer online games
Digital collectible card games
Android ( operating system ) games
IOS games
Windows games
Video games developed in France
Herz aus Glas ( subtitled `` Singet , denn der Gesang vertreibt die Wölfe '' [ German for `` Sing , for singing drives away the wolves '' ] , French `` Cœur de verre '' ) is the ninth album by Popol Vuh . It was originally released in 1977 on Brain Records . In 2005 SPV re-released the album with two bonus tracks . This album was released as the original motion picture soundtrack of Heart of Glass ( Original German title : `` Herz aus Glas '' , French title `` Coeur de verre '' ) by German director Werner Herzog , but in fact only two tracks ( `` Engel der Gegenwart '' and `` Hüter der Schwelle '' ) were actually featured in the film .
Track listing
All tracks composed by Florian Fricke except tracks 5 and 8 composed by Daniel Fichelscher .
`` Engel der Gegenwart '' – 8:18
`` Blätter aus dem Buch der Kühnheit '' – 4:19
`` Das Lied von den hohen Bergen '' – 4:12
`` Hüter der Schwelle '' – 3:47
`` Der Ruf '' – 4:42
`` Singet , denn der Gesang vertreibt die Wölfe '' – 4:15
`` Gemeinschaft '' – 3:50
2005 bonus tracks
`` Auf dem Weg - On The Way '' ( Alternative Guitar Version ) – 4:42
`` Hand in Hand in Hand '' ( Agape Guitar Version ) – 5:44
Personnel
Florian Fricke – piano
Daniel Fichelscher – guitar , percussion
Guest musicians
Alois Gromer – sitar
Mathias von Tippelskirch – flute
Credits
Recorded at Bavaria Studios , Munich
Engineered by Hardy Bank , Frank Fiedler and Robert Wedel
Produced by Florian Fricke and Renate Knaup
References
External links
http : //www.venco.com.pl/~acrux/herz.htm
Popol Vuh ( band ) soundtracks
1977 soundtrack albums
Film soundtracks
David James `` Tiger '' Williams ( born February 3 , 1954 ) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player who played in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) from the 1974–75 NHL season to the 1987–88 NHL season . He is the NHL 's career leader in penalty minutes .
NHL career
Williams was drafted in the second round ( 31st overall ) by the Toronto Maple Leafs of the NHL in the 1974 NHL amateur draft . He was also drafted by the Cincinnati Stingers of the World Hockey Association ( WHA ) in the third round ( 33rd overall ) in the 1974 WHA Amateur Draft , but he chose the NHL .
Williams was best known for his role as an enforcer , but he was also able to score goals . He played on five different NHL teams during his career . He was drafted by the Maple Leafs and played there from his NHL debut on 7 January against the New York Islanders in 1975 until he was traded to the Vancouver Canucks on 18 February , 1980 for Rick Vaive and Bill Derlago . While in Toronto , he broke many Maple Leaf and NHL penalty minute records and led the league in penalty minutes twice with 338 in 1976–77 and 298 in 1978–79 . During his best season in Toronto , he scored 22 goals in 55 games before being traded to the Vancouver Canucks part way through that season . He scored 8 more goals in 23 games that season with Vancouver for , at that time , a career best 30 goals .
The next season , 1980–81 , in Vancouver , Williams scored a career high of 35 goals and 62 points while amassing a league leading 343 penalty minutes in 77 games . The 343 penalty minutes would be the third highest of his career . Those 35 goals were the most by any Canuck that year . That season , Williams earned a place in the mid-season All-Star game , having scored 27 goals by the All-Star break , and played on a line with Wayne Gretzky and Mike Bossy . He would play an integral role in the team 's surprise run to the Stanley Cup finals in 1982 . Williams played in Vancouver until the end of the 1983–84 season .
After Vancouver , Williams played for the Detroit Red Wings for part of the 1984–85 NHL season before being traded to the Los Angeles Kings that same year . During his tenure in Los Angeles , he would set his career high of 358 penalty minutes for one season . He would play in Los Angeles until he was traded to the Hartford Whalers during the 1987–88 NHL season . That would also be his last NHL season as Hartford placed him on waivers and he was released on February 12 , 1988 . He officially retired in 1988 .
Williams was nicknamed `` Tiger '' as a 5-year-old by his minor hockey coach in Weyburn , Saskatchewan . He also appeared as himself in the first episode of the Canadian sitcom Rent-a-Goalie . Bryan Trottier credits Williams with talking him out of giving up hockey as a youngster , which eventually led to a Hall of Fame career with the New York Islanders .
After the NHL
Co-written by James Lawton , Williams published his autobiography , Tiger : A Hockey Story in 1984 . In 1987 , Williams released a 101-page cookbook called Done Like Dinner : Tiger In the Kitchen . It was co-written with Kasey Wilson . It included many hockey-inspired recipes , including Habs Tourtière , Stanley Cup Bars , and Luc Robitaille 's Lasagna Omelette .
Williams re-emerged briefly as a roller hockey player , appearing in one game , scoring two points , for the RHI 's Vancouver Voodoo in 1993 .
In 1996 , Canadian punk rock band The Hanson Brothers spearheaded a campaign to agitate for Williams ' induction into the Hockey Hall of Fame . They included a mail-in postcard with their album Sudden Death so that purchasers could make their feelings known to the NHL .
As a guest on the Tony Gallagher phone in radio program Williams claimed that then Canucks manager Pat Quinn attempted to have his Canucks # 22 sweater retired by the team . However , due to arcane rules required at the time they had to receive permission from the previous player who wore it , Bob Manno . Manno refused so the team offered him money , according to Williams . Manno still refused . The # 22 sweater was eventually worn ( and later retired in honour of ) from 2000 to 2018 by Canucks alternate captain and Art Ross trophy winner , Daniel Sedin .
At the 2002 NHL All-Star Game in Los Angeles , the NHL held the NHL All-Star Celebrity Challenge . The home team all wore # 22 in honour of Williams .
On February 9 , 2018 , Williams was charged with sexual assault while on a military trip to Latvia . These charges were withdrawn by Crown attorney Meaghan Cunningham after he issued an apology .
Records
National Hockey League records :
Most NHL career regular season penalty minutes : 3,971
Most NHL penalty minutes , career , including playoffs : 4,426
Toronto Maple Leafs records :
Most playoff penalty minutes : 240
Most penalty minutes in one season by a left wing : 351 in 1978
Vancouver Canucks records :
Most playoff penalty minutes : 181
Most penalty minutes in one playoff year : 116 in 1982
Most penalty minutes in one playoff series : 51 vs. Chicago in 1982
Career statistics
Figures in Italics are records broken in that category
See also
List of NHL players with 2,000 career penalty minutes
Fighting in ice hockey
Enforcer ( ice hockey )
References
External links
1954 births
Living people
Adirondack Red Wings players
Canadian expatriate ice hockey players in the United States
Canadian ice hockey left wingers
Canadian people of British descent
Cincinnati Stingers draft picks
Detroit Red Wings players
Hartford Whalers players
Ice hockey people from Saskatchewan
Los Angeles Kings players
National Hockey League All-Stars
Oklahoma City Blazers ( 1965–1977 ) players
Sportspeople from Weyburn
Swift Current Broncos players
Toronto Maple Leafs draft picks
Toronto Maple Leafs players
Vancouver Canucks players
Vancouver VooDoo players
Vernon Vikings players
The T.J. Potter was a paddle steamer that operated in the Northwestern United States . The boat was launched in 1888 . Her upper cabins came from the steamboat Wide West . This required some modification , because the T.J. Potter was a side-wheeler , whereas the Wide West had been a stern-wheeler . The boat 's first owner was the Oregon Railway and Navigation Company . The T. J. Potter was one of the few side-wheeler boats that operated on the Columbia River .
Design and construction
The T.J. Potter , commonly referred to as the Potter , was named after first the vice president of the Union Pacific Railroad 's operations in the west . She was built entirely of wood by the Oregon Railway and Navigation Company , owned by John F. Steffan . She was built for the Oregon Railway and Navigation Company . She was launched at Portland , Oregon in 1888 . She was propelled by two non-condensing steam engines , with 32 '' cylinders , each with an eight-foot stroke , and generating ( together or singly is not certain ) 1,700 horsepower . Her single boiler and firebox were built in 1887 by the Pusey & Jones Company , of Wilmington , Delaware . The boiler was long with a diameter of . Her gross tonnage was 659 and her net tonnage was 589 . As built , the Potter was long , with a beam of , and depth of hold of 10 feet . Her U.S. registry number was 145489 .
Construction of the Potter was supervised by Capt . James William Troup , one of the most famous steamboat captains in the West , as well as the owner of the Oregon Railway and Navigation Company , the builders of the T. J. Potter . On May 26 , 1888 , the same year the Potter was built , Captain Troup had brought the sternwheeler Hassalo over a six-mile ( 10 km ) stretch of rapids called the Cascades of the Columbia during low water , reaching speeds of an hour in the process .
When built , the Potter had a reputation as one of the fastest and most luxurious steamboats in the Pacific Northwest :
Operations on the Columbia River
The first season after she was launched , her owners put her on the tourist run from Portland to Astoria , Oregon . In August 1888 , the Potter made the run from Portland to Astoria in 5 hours and 31 minutes . By comparison , the fastest steamboat on the Columbia River at that time was the Potters competitor Telephone , which on July 2 , 1887 , had made the run from Portland to Astoria in 4 hours and 34 minutes . Fares were $ 2.50 to Astoria and $ 3.00 to Ilwaco , Washington . Discounts were offered for the roundtrip . Lower berths cost $ .75 and a single berth cost $ .50 . All meals also cost $ .50 .
Operations on Puget Sound
After that , she was transferred to Puget Sound to compete with another famous steamboat , the Bailey Gatzert , which was owned by the Seattle Steam Navigation and Transportation Company . The Bailey was a stern-wheeler , and did better in the Sound than the sidewheeler Potter , which rolled from side to side in swells , raising first one paddle wheel then the other out of the water .
Even so , the T.J. Potter was one of the fastest steamboats on Puget Sound , and is reported in 1890 to have bested the famous sternwheeler Bailey Gatzert in a race . The Potter was also reported to have set a record time of 82 minutes on the run from Seattle to Tacoma . While operating out of Puget Sound , the Potter , along with many other local steamboats , helped fight the Great Seattle Fire of 1889 :
Return to Columbia River
Eventually the Potter was transferred back to the Columbia River for good . She was placed on the Portland-Astoria run , where she competed with steamboats owned by the Shaver Transportation Company . The Potter '' 's owners , Oregon Railway and Navigation Company , struck an anti-competitive deal with Shaver Transportation , whereby the Shaver boats , including the Sarah Dixon , would stay off the Portland-Astoria route in return for a monthly subsidy from Oregon Railway and Navigation Company . Other competitors of the Potter on the Portland-Astoria run included Lurline and Georgiana .
Captain and crew
In 1901 , Joe Turner was the captain of the T.J. Potter . Other crew at apparently the same time , but whose positions are uncertain , included Al Gray ( Faber , cited below , identifies Gray as captain ) , Julius Oliver , James Healey , Harry O . Staples , Ed Scott , Fred Ware , Claude Cooper , Wendell Smith , and Henry Hoffman .
1901 Rebuild
In 1901 the Potter was rebuilt , increasing her length by only a few feet but greatly increasing her weight . Her gross tonnage rose from 650 to 1017 tons , and her net tonnage from 590 to 826.Mills , Randall V. , Stern-wheelers up Columbia -- A Century of Steamboating in the Oregon Country , page 201 , University of Nebraska Press , Lincoln , NE ( 1947 ) The increased weight cut several knots off her speed . Her wheelhouse was rebuilt , and instead of a flat roof , she had a dome with a flagpole . This was unique among Columbia River steamboats . The rebuild cost a total of $ 86,000 .
Following the rebuild , the Potters owners put her on the run from Portland to Ilwaco , Washington for connection with the narrow-gauge Ilwaco Railway and Navigation Company , serving primarily the summer tourist trade .
Later years and abandonment
The Potter was refurbished in 1910 , and continued in operation on the Portland–Ilwaco run . In the early 1990s , Professor Frederick Bracher recalled riding on the Potter from Portland to Ilwaco as a young child in 1915 :
Just before the opening of the tourist season in 1916 the Potter was condemned for passenger use . The Potter was not replaced on the Portland–Ilwaco run , as there was insufficient passenger traffic to justify putting a new boat on the route . The Portland–Astoria route was continued until 1936 , when heavy profit losses removed the Georgiana from service .
The Potter then served as a barracks boat for construction crews until Nov. 20 , 1920 , when her license was revoked . She was abandoned on the northeast side of Youngs Bay near Astoria . She was burned and salvaged for her metal shortly afterward . Faber publishes a photograph showing her abandoned , stripped of upper works , but with her hull substantially intact , with large metal components such as her rudder strap intact . ( Faber , at page 155 ) .
Today
The T. J. Potter has heavily deteriorated over the past 90 years . All that remains are the parts of most of the ribs as well as the keel .
References
External links
T.J. Potter at wharf of Oregon Improvement Company , sometime between 1888 and 1901 . This photograph shows well the T.J. Potter '' before reconstruction including the ornate paddlewheel boxes .
T.J. Potter on the Columbia River . Photograph from the private collection of Jeff Moore , Stevenson , Washington . Skamania County Heritage Collection from the Stevenson Community Library , Fort Vancouver Regional Library System .
Paddle steamers of Oregon
Ships built in Portland , Oregon
Steamboats of the Columbia River
Sidewheel steamboats of Washington ( state )
1888 ships
Oregon Railroad and Navigation Company
Brigadier General Edward Hinkley Plummer ( September 24 , 1855 – February 11 , 1927 ) was the Commander of Camp Dodge .
Early life
He was born on September 24 , 1855 in Elkridge , Maryland . He was a cadet at the United States Military Academy from July 1 , 1873 to June 14 , 1877 .
Career
He was commissioned in the Tenth Infantry and performed frontier duty from 1877 to 1898 .
From 1904 to 1907 , he commanded Fort Egbert in Eagle , Alaska .
In 1917 , he organized and served as the first commander of the Department of the Panama Canal .
He retired on November 30 , 1918 at Camp Grant near Rockford , Illinois .
Death and legacy
He died on February 11 , 1927 in Pacific Grove , California . He was buried at the Presidio of Monterey , California .
His papers are held by the Defense Language Institute 's Foreign Language Center Archives .
External links
References
United States Military Academy alumni
Burials at Presidio of Monterey , California
1855 births
1927 deaths
United States Army generals of World War I
United States Army generals
Riedenheim is a municipality in the district of Würzburg in Bavaria , Germany .
References
Würzburg ( district )
The Journal of Biomedical Informatics is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that covers research in health informatics or in translational bioinformatics . It is considered a premier methodology journal in the field of biomedical informatics . Articles are freely available 12 months after publication . Authors can pay extra for immediate open access at the time of publication . The journal was established by Homer R. Warner in 1967 under the name Computers and Biomedical Research and was renamed beginning with Volume 34 in 2001 , when it was redesigned under the leadership of Edward H. Shortliffe as its editor-in-chief . The current editor-in-chief is Mor Peleg .
Abstracting and indexing
According to the Journal Citation Reports , the journal has a 2021 impact factor of 6.317 . In addition , the journal is indexed in Biological Abstracts , BIOSIS Previews , CSA Life Sciences Abstracts , Current Contents/Clinical Medicine , EMBASE , Compendex , Inspec , MEDLINE , PASCAL , PubMed , Science Citation Index , and Scopus .
References
External links
Publications established in 1967
English-language journals
Bimonthly journals
Elsevier academic journals
Biomedical informatics journals
Elías Beauchamp ( June 8 , 1908 – February 23 , 1936 ) was a member of the Cadets of the Republic , the paramilitary wing of the Puerto Rican Nationalist Party . Beauchamp is best known for having assassinated Col. Elisha Francis Riggs , the United States appointed chief of the Puerto Rico Police , along with fellow Cadet Hiram Rosado . Both men were arrested and shot without trial , officially while attempting to escape , at Police Headquarters in San Juan . News of the assassinations spread throughout the United States and led to legislative proposal by U.S . Senator Millard Tydings , to grant independence to Puerto Rico .
Early years
Beauchamp ( birth name : Elías Beauchamp Beauchamp ) was born in the town of Utuado , Puerto Rico to Juan Francisco Beauchamp Brugman and Julia Beauchamp Bello . There he received his primary and secondary education . After he graduated from high school , he went to work for Leopoldo Santiago Carmona , who was the fiscal of the district of Guayama . In 1913 , Santiago Carmona was appointed the fiscal of the district of Humacao .
Beauchamp moved to the City of Bayamon and worked for a tobacco company owned and operated by the American Tobacco Company . The American Tobacco Company had gained control of most of the island 's tobacco fields after the Spanish–American War . He met and married Ana Luisa Perez and moved to San Juan where he was employed by J. Ramirez & Sons , an import and export company . He lived with his wife and two children in the Calle Luna .
Puerto Rican Nationalist Party
The Puerto Rican Nationalist Party was founded by José Coll y Cuchí as a direct response to the American colonial government in 1919 , By the 1920s , there were two other pro-independence organizations in the Island , they were the `` Nationalist Youth '' and the `` Independence Association of Puerto Rico '' . On September 17 , 1922 , the two political organizations merged into the Puerto Rican Nationalist Party . In 1924 , Dr. Pedro Albizu Campos joined the party and on May 11 , 1930 , Dr. Pedro Albizu Campos was elected president of the Puerto Rican Nationalist Party .
Beauchamp became interested in the cause for Puerto Rican independence and joined the Nationalist Party . He was a member of the Cadets of the Republic ( Cadetes de la Republica ) . The cadets were a quasi-military youth organization of the Nationalist Party also known as the `` Liberation Army of Puerto Rico '' . There he met and befriended fellow cadet Hiram Rosado .
Events leading to a massacre
In 1931 , the U.S.-appointed Governor of Puerto Rico , Theodore Roosevelt , Jr. named Dr. Carlos E. Chardón as Chancellor of the University of Puerto Rico . In 1935 , Chardón initiated a project based on the ideas of Luis Muñoz Marín , who at the time was a Senator in the Puerto Rican legislature and member of the Liberal Party of Puerto Rico . It was known as the Reconstruction of Puerto Rico Project . The plan , which was within the New Deal criteria established by U.S. President Franklin Delano Roosevelt during the Great Depression , was well received and became known as Plan Chardón .
On October 20 , 1935 , in a political meeting which the Nationalist Party held in the town of Maunabo and which was transmitted by radio , Albizu Campos denounced Chardón , the university deans and the Liberal Party as traitors , saying they wanted to convert the university into an `` American '' propaganda institution .
On October 23 , 1935 , a group of students at the university who supported Chardón began to collect signatures for a petition to declare Albizu Campos `` Student Enemy Number One . '' In turn , a protest against the group by the pro-Nationalist faction of students denounced Chardón and the Liberal Party as agents of the United States .
The Río Piedras massacre
On October 24 , 1935 , a student assembly held at the university declared Albizu Campos as persona non grata . Chardón requested that the governor provide armed police officers on the university grounds , in case the situation turned violent . Two police officers spotted a `` suspicious-looking vehicle '' and asked the driver , Ramón S. Pagán , and his friend Pedro Quiñones , for identification . A struggle ensued , and the police killed Pagán and Quiñones . According to the local newspaper `` El Mundo '' of Oct. 25th , an explosion , followed by gunfire , was heard resulting in the additional deaths of Eduardo Rodríguez Vega and José Santiago Barea . At the time Elisha Francis Riggs was the United States appointed police chief of Puerto Rico .
An eyewitness , Isolina Rondón , testified that she saw the police officers shooting at the victims and heard one police officer screaming `` not to let them escape alive . '' Her testimony was ignored , and no charges were filed against the police officers . The Río Piedras massacre left four men dead .
The assassination of Elisha F. Riggs
Colonel Elisha Francis Riggs was born in Georgetown , a historic neighborhood located in northwest Washington , D.C. Riggs was a former officer in the United States Army who was appointed Chief of Police of Puerto Rico in 1933 , by Blanton Winship , the U.S. appointed governor of Puerto Rico . He was an unpopular police chief , stemming from his decisions to repress the growing sugar cane labor movement and the Nationalist Pro-Independence Movement .
The Río Piedras Massacre enraged the nationalists . Beauchamp and the nationalists believed that Elisha Francis Riggs was responsible since Riggs was the police chief of Puerto Rico and the entire Insular Police took their orders from Riggs . He decided to retaliate and avenge the deaths of the four men killed in the massacre with the help of Rosado .
On Sunday , February 23 , 1936 , Elisha F. Riggs had attended mass in the Church of Santa Ana in San Juan . When the mass was over , Riggs stepped out of the church and got into his car , a Packard , driven by Angel Alvarez , a police officer . Rosado knew the route which Riggs would normally take and waited . When Riggs ' car reached the corner of Allen and Gambaro streets , Rosado came out of his hideout and began shooting towards Riggs . Rosado then made a run for it , but was soon captured by Alvarez . All the while , Riggs got out of his car and began asking for the declarations of those who witnessed the attempt on his life . He was suddenly approached by Beauchamp who said :
Believing that he had a witness to the events Riggs told Beauchamp that he was headed to the police station and to accompany him . Beauchamp boarded Riggs chauffeured car and shot Riggs in the head killing him instantly . Beauchamp tried to escape by hiding inside the nearby Rodriguez y Palacios warehouse in Tetuan Street .
Beauchamp and Rosado were arrested and Beauchamp was photographed by the local news media giving a cadet military salute before he and Rosado were taken to the San Juan police headquarters . The police station was located in 305 San Francisco Street .
Instead of receiving a fair trial , Beauchamp and Rosado were both gunned down by the police in the police station . Beauchamp died immediately and Rosado was transferred to a local hospital where he later died of the gun wounds which he received . In the aftermath of the killings , the police claimed that the nationalists were shot because they attempted to escape . None of the police officers involved were demoted or suspended .
The news of the assassination of Elisha F. Riggs spread throughout the United States . At that time Puerto Rican Senator , Luis Muñoz Marín , was in Washington , D.C. and Ernest Gruening , the administrator of the Puerto Rico Reconstruction Administration ( 1935–1937 ) , asked him to condemn Riggs ' assassination . Muñoz Marín told Gruening that he would do so only if he was also allowed to condemn the police for murdering the Nationalists in the city police station without a trial . Gruening then joined US Senator Millard Tydings a Democrat from Maryland , in a legislative proposal to grant independence to Puerto Rico . However , the bill did not progress in Congress .
Post assassination
After Riggs ' assassination , many Nationalist Party leaders were imprisoned . Members of the Puerto Rican independence movement came under greater scrutiny and persecution . Among the leaders arrested was Pedro Albizu Campos , These leaders were charged with having `` conspired to overthrow '' the U.S. government on the island . They were tried in Boston , Massachusetts , as that federal district court had jurisdiction for Puerto Rico . The first trial jury ended in a hung jury . A second jury was picked , consisting solely of `` Anglo-Americans . '' These jury found every Nationalist charged to be `` guilty '' .
The bodies of both nationalists were returned to their respective families . They were both buried in graves located side by side in the Cementerio Municipal ( municipal Cemetery ) San Jose de Villa Palmeras located in Avenida Eduardo Conde , Villa Palmeras , Santurce , Puerto Rico .
Further reading
`` Puerto Rico : Independence Is a Necessity '' ; by : Rafael Cancel Miranda ( Author ) ; Publisher : Pathfinder Press ( NY ) ; Booklet edition ( February 1 , 2001 ) ;
`` Sembrando Patria ... Y Verdades '' ; by : Rafael Cancel Miranda ( Author ) ; Publisher : Cuarto Idearo ( January 1 , 1998 ) ; ASIN : B001CK17D6
`` War Against All Puerto Ricans : Revolution and Terror in America 's Colony '' ; Author : Nelson Antonio Denis ; Publisher : Nation Books ( April 7 , 2015 ) ; .
See also
List of Puerto Ricans
Boricua Popular Army
Fuerzas Armadas de Liberación Nacional ( Puerto Rico )
French immigration to Puerto Rico
Notes
References
1908 births
1936 deaths
People from Utuado , Puerto Rico
Puerto Rican rebels
Puerto Rican Nationalist Party politicians
Members of the Puerto Rican Nationalist Party
Puerto Rican Roman Catholics
Puerto Rican prisoners and detainees
Police misconduct in Puerto Rico
Portrait of Juan Pardo de Tavera is a 1609 oil on canvas painting by El Greco , now in the Hospital de Tavera in Toledo , founded by the portrait 's subject . It was painted long after the 1545 death of its subject , cardinal Juan Pardo de Tavera , and so the artist modelled the cardinal 's features on a funerary mask by Alonso Berruguete .
Bibliography
ÁLVAREZ LOPERA , José , El Greco , Madrid , Arlanza , 2005 , Biblioteca « Descubrir el Arte » , ( colección « Grandes maestros » ) . .
SCHOLZ-HÄNSEL , Michael , El Greco , Colonia , Taschen , 2003. .
External links
ArteHistoria.com . « Cardenal Tavera » . [ Consulta : 09.01.2011 ] .
1609 paintings
Tavera
Tavera
Tavera
Krampus : The Reckoning ( also known as The Hunted ) is a 2015 American horror film written and directed by Robert Conway , and co-written by Owen Conway . Released direct-to-video , the film stars Monica Engesser as a child psychologist who is attempting to unravel the link between a mysterious young girl ( Amelia Haberman ) and the mythological creature known as Krampus ( William Connor ) .
Plot
One Christmas , a woman tells her granddaughter , Zoe Weaver , about Krampus . Zoe is placed in foster care after the death of her parents , and is eventually adopted by an abusive couple , who she kills using homemade , Voodoo doll-like effigies that can bring forth Krampus . While at a hospital , Zoe is interviewed by a child psychologist named Rachel Stewart , and uses her dolls to summon Krampus to murder a pedophilic orderly , as well as the negligent , alcoholic father of a fellow patient named Ashley .
Rachel looks into Zoe 's past , and discovers that one of Zoe 's previous foster fathers died under mysterious circumstances , and that Zoe , despite looking like a preadolescent , may in fact be over 30 . Rachel , who has amnesia regarding her own childhood , begins having nightmares about Krampus , which eventually appears in her home alongside Zoe . Rachel flees with her adoptive son , Lamaar , but gets into a car accident , resulting in them both being hospitalized . A flashback reveals that Rachel is actually Zoe 's older sister , and that she was a juvenile delinquent who , in an attempt to summon Krampus , set a fire that killed her parents and Zoe . In her dreams , Rachel is confronted by Zoe and Krampus , who she begs to save the dying Lamaar . Rachel spontaneously combusts in her hospital bed while Lamaar revives on the operating table , Krampus having taken Rachel 's life in exchange for Lamaar 's .
Zoe disappears , as does all evidence of her existence past her death year of 1992 . Rachel 's friend Miles visits her grave , and while leaving the cemetery , unknowingly walks past Zoe 's tombstone .
Cast
Reception
Luiz H.C. of Bloody Disgusting had a middling response to the film , writing , `` Krampus : The Reckoning is n't an altogether-horrible movie . There is enough quality present to make up for much of the bad acting and effects , not to mention a low-budget charm that few filmmakers are capable of pulling off convincingly . The ending was also properly impactful , a rare feat for this kind of film . That being said , if you crave some spooky Christmas fun this year , Michael Dougherty 's Krampus is probably a better choice , though there is room out there for more than one entertaining Krampus movie . '' A score of 1½ out of a possible 5 was awarded to the film by Matt Boiselle of Dread Central , who wrote , `` As this complete lump of coal dragged on like a tranquilized reindeer in the snow , the detestable visuals were rivaled only by the incomprehensibly lackluster acting performances . I 've seen local high school drama productions with more passion and delivery than this yule log . Sadly enough , if you 're willing to sit through the majority of this fecal catastrophe , the final 20 minutes or so actually are n't that bad , but with the inclusion of some moronic backstories and wasteful plot pacing , this whole film closely resembles that crappy gift you 've been given from your kooky aunt – just smile ... and wait for her to leave before you toss it in the trash . '' Fellow Dread Central reviewer Ted Hentschke , who gave Krampus : The Reckoning a grade of 2/5 , was more lenient towards the film , writing , `` This film is a mess , but surprisingly it is n't the biggest mess . The shots are mostly passable , and I do n't remember the audio cutting awkwardly more than once . It 's a low bar , but this film is kinda watchable . I liked the cop character despite him starting every sentence with a manly growl . The monster is kind of stupid , but the biggest problem is that the plot is inconsequential . Not that things do n't happen , but the conclusion and ultimate twist just has little to do with the rest of the movie . ''
The film was wholly condemned by Chris Coffel of Film School Rejects , who succinctly stated , `` I 'm pretty sure this is an allegory for child abuse with really bad digital effects and a creeper police detective . This film does score some bonus points for having a scene take place in Seamus McCaffrey 's , an Irish pub in downtown Phoenix that I used to frequent . If you 've never been to McCaffrey 's , though , there is no bonus for you . '' John Noonan of Horror News had a similarly negative response to the film , writing , `` At times , the film does look pretty slick for what is obviously a horror film on the low end of the budget spectrum . But when the Krampus reveals itself – not in that way , you dirty boy – it 's hard not to break out into fits of giggles . Jerkily moving across the screen like an 8 bit end boss , Jurassic Shark is profoundly more effective than this . Coupled with some shoddy acting from all avenues and there 's very little to keep Krampus : The Reckoning off the naughty list . As festive horror movies go , you 'd do well to return to sender . '' UK Horror Scene 's Elliott Maguire awarded the film a score of 5/10 and heavily criticized its computer-generated effects , but conceded , `` The pace is fine , but it could have been even tighter , and in fairness , this is actually an interesting story . While it 's easy to poke holes in , the plot takes some interesting turns towards the end that I actually did n't see coming , showing the filmmakers had more ambition than to just get confused with bigger budget films on the DVD shelves . ''
See also
Krampus Unleashed , another Krampus film directed by Robert Conway
References
External links
2015 direct-to-video films
2015 films
2015 horror films
2010s Christmas horror films
2010s exploitation films
2015 fantasy films
2010s ghost films
2015 independent films
2010s monster movies
2010s mystery films
2010s supernatural films
American detective films
American direct-to-video films
American exploitation films
American fantasy films
American ghost films
American independent films
American monster movies
American mystery films
American supernatural horror films
American Christmas horror films
Burn survivors in fiction
American dark fantasy films
Demons in film
Direct-to-video fantasy films
Direct-to-video horror films
2010s English-language films
Fiction about familicide
Films about alcoholism
Films about amnesia
Films about child abuse
Films about children
Films about divorce
Films about dolls
Films about dysfunctional families
Films about fires
Films about mass murder
Films about nightmares
Films about pedophilia
Films about psychiatry
American films about revenge
Films about sisters
Films based on European myths and legends
Films set in 1992
Films set in 2015
Films set in hospitals
Films set in Phoenix , Arizona
Films set in Maricopa County , Arizona
Krampus in film
Mystery horror films
Supernatural fantasy films
Films directed by Robert Conway
2010s American films
Josie Totah ( born August 5 , 2001 ) , formerly known as J. J. Totah , is an American actress . She is known for her recurring role on the Disney Channel series Jessie and supporting role on the 2013 ABC comedy series Back in the Game . Totah received critical praise for her role in the 2016 film Other People . In 2018 , she starred in the short-lived NBC comedy series Champions .
Since 2020 , she has starred as Lexi in the 2020 revival of Saved by the Bell .
Totah began her career playing male roles but publicly came out as a trans woman in August 2018 , changing her first name to Josie .
Early life
Totah was born in Sacramento , California , the third child of Suheil and Christine Totah . She has one sister and one brother , and is of Palestinian and Lebanese ancestry .
Career
Totah began her acting career in 2012 when she was cast as the `` Lil ' Dictator '' in the first production for AwesomenessTV . Beginning in 2013 , she began appearing as Stuart Wooten , a boy with a crush on series regular Zuri Ross , in the Disney Channel Original Series Jessie . Totah has guest starred on the TV shows , New Girl , 2 Broke Girls , and Liv and Maddie .
Also in 2013 , Totah was cast in a supporting role in the ABC comedy Back in the Game . In 2015 , she was cast in 4 episodes of the sixth season Glee as the youngest member ever of the New Directions .
In 2016 , Totah appeared in the film Other People , and received critical praise for her role with Variety , making her one of its Sundance Breakout Stars of the year . In October 2016 , Deadline Hollywood reported that Totah would star in a new comedy for NBC that she helped develop where Totah was set to produce alongside executive producers Adam and Naomi Scott . In 2017 , she appeared in the Netflix detective comedy Handsome : A Netflix Mystery Movie and the Marvel Studios film Spider-Man : Homecoming .
In January 2017 , Totah joined Adam Devine in the Disney feature film Magic Camp . In February 2017 Totah was cast as Michael Patel , the son of Mindy Kaling 's character , Priya Patel , in the new NBC comedy Champions , which was picked up to series in May 2017 , and aired from March 8 to May 25 , 2018 , before being canceled . Totah was cast in a Saved by the Bell reboot for NBC 's streaming service Peacock , where she played the character of Lexi , a socially powerful cheerleader. < ref name= '' Saved THR '' > { { Cite web|url=https : //www.hollywoodreporter.com/live-feed/peacocks-saved-by-bell-sequel-finds-lead-josie-totah-1266269|title=Peacock 's Saved by the Bell '' ' Sequel Finds Its Lead in Josie Totah |website=The Hollywood Reporter|date=January 6 , 2020 |language=en|access-date=2020-01-07 } } < /ref >
In August 2022 , she started a podcast titled Dare We Say with Yasmine Hamady and Saved by the Bell co-star Alycia Pascual-Peña .
Personal life
On August 20 , 2018 , Totah wrote an article published in Time magazine '' in which she came out as a transgender woman .
Totah attended Chapman University , graduating in 2022 . She was a member of a sorority .
Filmography
References
External links
2001 births
Living people
21st-century American comedians
American stand-up comedians
American comedians of Arab descent
Actresses from Sacramento , California
American people of Lebanese descent
American people of Palestinian descent
American child actresses
LGBT people from California
LGBT actors from the United States
Transgender actresses
American film actresses
American television actresses
21st-century American actresses
Comedians from California
Danira Bilić ( ; born 22 July 1969 ) is a retired Croatian basketball player . As part of the Yugoslavian women 's team , she won a silver medal at the 1988 Seoul Olympics . She was European basketball 's Most Valuable Player three times running , in 1988 , 1989 and 1990 . In 1991 , she was awarded Croatia 's highest national recognition for sports , the Franjo Bučar State Award for Sport .
Since retiring she has maintained an active involvement in sport , and is currently the Director of the Croatian Heritage Foundation . In 2009 the International Olympic Committee awarded her their `` Women in Sports '' European trophy .
She is also a politician , being a member of the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe
She is wife of former Croatian handball player Zvonimir Bilić .
References
1969 births
Living people
Olympic basketball players of Yugoslavia
Olympic silver medalists for Yugoslavia
Croatian women 's basketball players
Yugoslav women 's basketball players
Basketball players at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Croatian Democratic Union politicians
Representatives in the modern Croatian Parliament
Basketball players from Šibenik
Olympic medalists in basketball
Croatian sportsperson-politicians
21st-century Croatian women politicians
21st-century Croatian politicians
Shooting guards
ŽKK Šibenik players
Alexander Mikhailovich Zverev ( , born 22 January 1960 ) is a former professional tennis player from Russia who competed for the Soviet Union .
Career
In 1979 , he made his first appearance for the Soviet Davis Cup team .
Zverev was a bronze medalist in the men 's singles event at the 1983 Summer Universiade and won a singles gold medal at the Friendship Games , which were held in 1984 . He did better than two years earlier at the 1985 Summer Universiade , winning both the singles gold medal and the doubles gold medal , partnering Sergi Leonyuk , with whom he was also a gold medalist in the 1986 Goodwill Games .
He appeared in three Grand Slam tournaments during his career . In the 1985 Australian Open he qualified for the main draw and was beaten in the opening round by Tim Wilkison . Again playing as a qualifier , Zverev met Tim Mayotte in the first round of the 1986 Wimbledon Championships and was defeated in straight sets . As a mixed doubles player he took part in the 1986 French Open with Svetlana Cherneva .
Zverev played mostly on the Challenger circuit , where he had victories over two top 50 players , Andrei Chesnokov and Jan Gunnarsson . He did however make the second round of the 1985 Geneva Open , a Grand Prix tournament .
He played his final Davis Cup tie in 1987 and retired having taken part in 36 rubbers , from which he won 18 . One of those was a doubles win over the Czechoslovak pairing of Libor Pimek and Tomáš Šmíd , the latter ranked number one in the world for doubles at the time .
Three time Soviet champion in men 's singles and 4 time winner in men 's doubles .
Personal life
In 1991 , Zverev and his wife , professional tennis player Irina Zvereva , relocated to Germany . They are parents to tennis players Alexander and Mischa who both represent Germany on the ATP Tour .
Notes
References
1960 births
Living people
Soviet male tennis players
Universiade medalists in tennis
Soviet emigrants to Germany
Russian emigrants to Germany
Naturalized citizens of Germany
Sportspeople from Sochi
Goodwill Games medalists in tennis
Universiade gold medalists for the Soviet Union
Universiade bronze medalists for the Soviet Union
Medalists at the 1983 Summer Universiade
Medalists at the 1985 Summer Universiade
Competitors at the 1986 Goodwill Games
Friendship Games medalists in tennis
Kwame Asare , best known as Jacob Sam ( born 1903 on the Cape Coast died 1950s ) , was the first to record Ghanaian highlife music and was the first highlife guitarist .
Life and career
He was a trained goldsmith . He moved to Kumasi and formed the Kumasi Trio . He was taught guitar by a Liberian seaman . He is known to be the first Ghanaian to record highlife music in Ghana known as `` Yaa Amponsah '' . In 1928 , on Zonophone in London 's Kingsway Hall EZ series , he recorded guitar-band highlife classic music with his melodic and finger-style guitar picking . He was accompanied by the Kumasi Trio , featuring guitarist H.E . Binney and percussionist Kwah Kanta .
Under the name `` Kwanin '' he recorded his voice over on the JZ series . His recordings in 1928 were in Fante languages . He pioneered the roots of Central African music 's with gutsy , baritone vocals , and lyrics in the Fante language .
Death
He later died in the 1950s .
References
Ghanaian highlife musicians
1903 births
1950s deaths
Year of death uncertain
Holaniku at Keahole Point is a 2MW micro-scaled concentrated solar power plant in the Kona District ( west coast ) of the island of Hawaii . It is located in the Natural Energy Laboratory of Hawaii at Keahole Point .
Holaniku at Keahole Point is the first commercial solar thermal power plant to be built using solar collectors manufactured by Sopogy . The project was developed by Keahole Solar Power , LLC . an Engineering , Procurement , and Contracting ( EPC ) company . The plant contains over 1,000 Sopogy MicroCSP SopoNova parabolic trough solar collectors . The power plant uses the sun 's heat to create steam . Most of the steam created is used onsite for other experimental uses , equating to only 0.5MW maximum that can be utilized to generate electricity . Little , if any , electrical power leaves the site and enters the state electrical grid .
See also
List of concentrating solar thermal power companies
List of photovoltaic power stations
List of solar thermal power stations
Renewable energy in the United States
Renewable portfolio standard
Solar power in the United States
Solar power in Hawaii
References
External links
Keahole Solar Power
Solar power stations in Hawaii
Buildings and structures in Hawaii County , Hawaii
Solar thermal energy
Energy infrastructure completed in 2009
Tony Brown 's Journal is an American talk show hosted by journalist Tony Brown . The program , which began on PBS in 1978 , was the successor to the series Black Journal , which had aired on the television network 's NET and then PBS since 1968 and was produced and hosted by Brown from 1970 .
Overview
Television talk show series featuring interviews with contemporary newsmakers of special interest to the African American community .
Featured Topics
`` The Ethnic Flaw 1984 '' with Thomas Sowell discussing Affirmative Action
Black College Day , 1980
Black Revolt in the 80s
`` Songs for the Spirit '' discussing the rise in popularity of nihilistic and satanic rock among American youth
Martin Luther King Jr .
`` Tribute to Eubie Blake ''
Black Men and AIDS
Lynching of Emmett Till
`` When the Eagle Flies - The Impact of the Black Soldier ''
Assassination of Malcolm X
Black astronaut , Frederick Drew Gregory
The Black Woman 's Experience
America 's Black Eagles
Black Stars in Hollywood
`` When the Chickens Came Home to Roost '' , Award-winning 1982 New York stage hit
The Sullivan Principles
`` Inside the Klan '' , interview with Stetson Kennedy regarding his infiltration and exposure of the Ku Klux Klan
References
External links
Tony Brown 's Journal featuring Meir Kahane and Wyatt Tee Walker
Watch Tony Brown 's Journal Episodes
1978 American television series debuts
2008 American television series endings
1970s American television talk shows
1980s American television talk shows
1990s American television talk shows
2000s American television talk shows
PBS original programming
Inti Watana or Intiwatana ( Quechua ) is an archaeological site in Peru . It lies in the Cusco Region , Calca Province , Pisac District .
See also
Machu Kuntur Sinqa
References
Archaeological sites in Peru
Archaeological sites in Cusco Region
Fuego ( Spanish for `` fire '' ) is a 1969 Argentine sexploitation film written , produced and directed by Armando Bó and starring Isabel Sarli . It is one of the many erotic films that the couple made between 1959 and 1980 .
Cast
Isabel Sarli as Laura
Armando Bó as Carlos
Alba Mujica as Andrea
Roberto Airaldi as Dr. Salazar
Hugo Mujica as Jorge
Oscar Valicelli as Mechanic
Miguel A. Olmos as Driver
Production
The film was shot between 1968 and 1969 in the Patagonian town of San Martín de los Andes and New York City .
Starting in 1968 , the Sarli-Bo films began to focus more on sex . Columbia regularly called Bo to ask how many sex scenes were in the movie .
Release
The film became the first Argentine film banned following new censorship rules under military dictator Juan Carlos Onganía . Advised by Jaime Cabouli , a well-known distributor , Bó and Sarli went to New York City with the film 's negative where it was released , following a $ 150,000 publicity campaign , at the Rialto West and Rialto East on October 10 , 1969 .
Critical reception
American film critic Roger Greenspun gave the film a positive review , writing in The New York Times that `` Isabel Sarli squeezes more sexual frisson into the space between breathing in and breathing out than most of us could spread over a lifetime of ordinary love-making . ''
Legacy
Fuego has been considered `` a milestone in the history of Argentine cinema '' and one of Sarli 's `` erotic peaks '' . The relationship between Isabel Sarli and Alba Mujica 's characters is one of the first representations of lesbianism in Argentine cinema . Lucía Brackes of Los Andes reflected in 2012 that `` Coca is such a whore that she becomes a lesbian , a revolutionary and almost militant idea about the oppressed condition of women . ''
John Waters has declared himself a big fan of Sarli 's films , citing Fuego as his favorite . He and Divine were admirers of Sarli and watched her movies in New York City 's grindhouses . Waters presented Fuego as his annual selection in the 2002 Maryland Film Festival and featured it in his 2006 Here ! network original series John Waters Presents Movies That Will Corrupt You , where he described it as `` a hetero film for gay people to marvel at . '' The director and Sarli finally met in 2018 on the occasion of the BAFICI film festival in Buenos Aires , where he gave her an award for her career and interviewed her on video .
In 2010 , the Film Society of Lincoln Center paid tribute to Sarli with a retrospective titled `` Fuego : The Films of Isabel 'Coca ' Sarli '' , screening five of her films in addition to Diego Curubeto 's Carne Sobre Carne : Intimidades de Isabel Sarli , a documentary focusing on her career . Richard Corliss of Time wrote : `` Seeing them today , nearly a half-century after they were made , a moviegoer thinks of lurid Hollywood love stories like Duel in the Sun , but with a much higher body temperature , and especially of Latin American telenovelas , those churning mixtures of female concupiscence and narrative coincidence . The world-class Spanish writer-director Pedro Almodóvar learned much from them , though it 's not known if he used the Sarli-Bó films as his models . ''
Notes
References
External links
Fuego on Cinenacional.com
Films directed by Armando Bó
Argentine erotic drama films
Sexploitation films
1969 films
1960s Spanish-language films
Lesbian-related films
Argentine LGBT-related films
1960s erotic drama films
1969 drama films
1960s Argentine films
Effeltrich is a municipality in the district of Forchheim in Bavaria in Germany .
References
Forchheim ( district )
The National Center of Polar Research is a specialized body established by the Sofia University `` St. Kliment Ohridski , working together with Bulgarian Antarctic Institute in 2008 to appropriate the state budget funds allocated to polar scientific exploration , granted through the Ministry of Education and Science and Ministry of Environment and Waters of Bulgaria .
See also
Bulgarian Antarctic Institute
Antarctic Place-names Commission
References
Decision by the Academic Council of Sofia University on the establishment of the National Center of Polar Research ( in Bulgarian )
Research institutes in Bulgaria
Sofia University
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1610 .
Events
June 5 – The masque Tethys ' Festival by Samuel Daniel is performed at Whitehall Palace to celebrate the investiture of Henry Frederick , Prince of Wales .
September 7 – Lope de Vega buys a house in Madrid .
December 12 – Sir Thomas Bodley makes an agreement with the Stationers ' Company of London to put a copy of every book registered with it into his new Bodleian Library in the University of Oxford .
unknown dates
The Douay–Rheims Bible ( The Holie Bible Faithfully Translated into English ) , a translation of the Bible from the Latin Vulgate into English made by members of the English College , Douai , is published under the Catholic Church .
At the Dominican Order 's printing press at Abucay Church in the Philippines , Tomas Pinpin prints Father Francisco Blancas de San Jose 's Arte y Reglas de la Lengua Tagala and his assistant Diego Talaghay prints Pinpin 's own Librong Pagaaralan nang mga Tagalog nang Uicang Castilla , the first book written by a native Filipino in the local Tagalog language . It encourages his countrymen to learn Spanish .
Henry Savile begins publication at Eton College at his own expense of Tou en hagiois patros hemon Ioannou Archiepiskopou Konstantinoupoleos tou Chrysostomou ton heuriskomenon , his edition of the works of St John Chrysostom , a notable work of English scholarship .
New books
Prose
Jean Beguin – Tyrocinium Chymicum
Edmund Bunny –
William Camden – Britannia , in an enlarged translation by Philemon Holland into English
Foxe 's Book of Martyrs , fourth edition
John Healey – St. Augustine of the Citie of God , a translation of St. Augustine 's De Civitate Dei into English
Charles Loyseau – Traité des ordres et simples dignités
Drama
Samuel Daniel – Tethys ' Festival or the Queenes Wake ( masque )
Lope de Vega
El divino africano
John Fletcher – The Faithful Shepherdess ( published )
Ben Jonson
The Alchemist
The Speeches at Prince Henry 's Barriers
John Marston – Histriomastix ( published )
John Mason – The Turk ( published )
William Shakespeare – Cymbeline
Poetry
Giles Fletcher the younger – Christ 's Victory and Triumph
Births
January 10 – Louis Maimbourg , French historian ( died 1686 )
January 15 ( baptised ) – Sidney Godolphin , English poet , politician and soldier ( killed in action 1643 )
April 1 – Charles de Saint-Évremond , French soldier , critic and essayist ( died 1703 )
July 4 – Paul Scarron , French poet , dramatist and novelist ( died 1660 )
July 18 – Antonio de Solís y Ribadeneyra , Spanish dramatist and historian ( died 1686 )
July 28 ( baptised ) – Henry Glapthorne , English dramatist ( died c. 1643 )
December 18 – Charles du Fresne , sieur du Cange , French philologist and historian ( died 1688 )
Unknown dates
Richard Bulstrode , English author and soldier ( died 1711 )
Edmund Chilmead , English writer and translator ( died 1654 )
Reinhold Curicke , German historian of the Hanseatic League ( died 1667 )
Jeremias de Dekker , Dutch poet ( died 1666 )
Jin Shengtan , born Jin Renrui , Chinese editor , writer and critic ( died 1661 )
Li Yu ( 李漁 ) , Chinese comic writer ( died 1680 )
François Eudes de Mézeray , French historian ( died 1683 )
Madeleine Patin , French moralist writer ( died 1682 )
Deaths
July – Richard Knolles , English historian ( born c. 1545 )
August 27 – Anne Bacon , English translator ( born c. 1528 )
September 22 – Jan Moretus , Flemish printer ( born 1543 )
November 21 – Benet Canfield , English mystical writer ( born 1562 )
November 23 – Bernard de Girard Haillan , French historian ( born c. 1535 )
November 28 – Lorenzo Scupoli , Italian theologian ( born c. 1530 )
unknown dates
Adam Berg , German printer and publisher ( born 1540 )
Georgios Chortatzis , Greek verse dramatist ( born c. 1545 )
Nikola Vitov Gučetić , Ragusan philosopher and science writer ( born 1549 )
Yuan Hongdao ( 袁宏道 ) , Chinese poet ( born 1568 )
probable
Peter Bales , English inventor of shorthand ( born 1547 )
Philip Stubbs , English pamphleteer ( born c. 1555 )
References
Years of the 17th century in literature
Darenth Country Park is in Darenth near Dartford , in Kent , England . On the site of a former demolished hospital site Darenth Park Hospital , also the site of a scheduled ancient monument and the site of ancient Saxon burials . Due to this protection it was turned into a millennium open-space park .
History
In 1954 , General Post Office ( GPO ) engineers while digging a cable trench past the Hospital , cut through a Saxon grave and also recovered a late 6th century silver gilt square headed brooch and parts of a bronze howl . These finds were then given to the British Museum to research and store .
In 1978 , 'Dartford & District Archaeological Group ' excavated a trench on the site , before a planning application was made by Associated Portland Cement Manufacturers Ltd. for chalk extraction on the site . This trench found an ancient Saxon burial ground ( 5th century ) , with 12 Saxon graves , as well as various artefacts ( including a spearhead , brooches and a glass bowl ) from the period . The glass bowl is now known as the 'Darenth bowl ' ( which is known to be dedicated to St. Rufinus of Soissons c.450 A.D. ) , is now in Dartford Borough Museum . The graves were then deemed important enough to be scheduled as an Ancient Monument .
The hospital buildings were then demolished in 1995 . The new Darent Valley Hospital was built on part of the site . Then a 'village ' of 300 new houses was also built on a portion and the remaining 100 acres became the Darenth Country Park . The only surviving building is the former 'Darenth Park Hospital Farm ' , which is now used as a riding school . Arrow Riding School for the disabled . Also survived was The Darenth Hospital War Memorial , which was unveiled on 16 December 1927 by General Fell . It commemorates hospital staff who were killed in both World Wars . Eleven names are from the 1st World War .
The park was developed as a `` Changing Places '' National Millennium Project
The council employed artist Andy McKeown to work with local schools and community groups to design the sculpture in the park .
In 2004 , Kent Thameside Green Grid Design Strategy and Guidelines was produced by Kent County Council . It proposed to extend both Beacon Wood Country Park and Darenth Country Park to create a ‘ joined ' Darenth and Beacon Country Park .
Ecology
It is situated on the edge of the North Downs and a portion of the wood ( on the northern boundary ) in the park , is part of Site of Special Scientific Interest .
The park is within a shallow river valley with the main 'Chestnut Driveway ' path marking the bottom of the valley . Which leads East - West to Gore Road ( on the eastern edge ) .
The chalk grassland are used as grazing for farm animals , but some were left to naturalise into wildflower meadows after the park was formed , these grasslands were cleared of scrub to allow the rare chalk land plants and animals to re-establish including the Musk Orchid , and Chalkhill Blue butterfly . This is one of the only three sites within Kent , that Watling Street Thistle , Eryngium campestre can be found .
The park also has 'traditional ' orchards planted in 1995 . Chapel Orchard has over 150 varieties of apple , pear , plum , cherry and cob nut tree .
Includes apple varieties such as `` Kentish Fillibasket '' ( 1820 ) and `` Golden Pippin '' ( 1629 ) are at the top end of the orchard .
Towards the other end of the orchard there are modern dwarf and semi-dwarf varieties , such as `` Discovery '' and `` Red Devil '' .
In addition there are horse grazing paddocks
How to get there
Head south from the A296 ( between Dartford and the A2 to Gravesend ) , down Gore Road .
References
External links
Walk 2 Darenth Country Park
Kent County Page
Dartford Council page
flickr photos of the park
Country parks in Kent
Scheduled monuments in Kent
Hönningen is a municipality in the district of Ahrweiler , in Rhineland-Palatinate , Germany .
References
Populated places in Ahrweiler ( district )
Pseudatteria maenas is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae . It is found in Panama .
References
Moths described in 1924
Pseudatteria
Thordisa verrucosa is a species of sea slug , a dorid nudibranch , shell-less marine opisthobranch gastropod molluscs in the family Discodorididae .
References
Discodorididae
Gastropods described in 1864
Princess Angela of Liechtenstein ( Spanish : Ángela , née Angela Gisela Brown ; February 3 , 1958 ) is a Panamanian-American fashion designer and member of the Liechtenstein princely family . Born in Panama and raised in the United States , Angela became the first woman of primarily African descent to marry into a reigning European dynasty . She married Prince Maximilian of Liechtenstein in January 2000 and the couple have a son , Prince Alfons , who is sixth in the line of succession to the Liechtensteiner throne .
Early life and education
Angela Gisela Brown was born on February 3 , 1958 in Bocas Town , Bocas del Toro , Panama , to businessman Javier Francisco Brown and homemaker Silvia Maritza Burke . The family moved to New York City , United States , when Angela was five years old .
After finishing high school , Angela studied fashion at Parsons School of Design , where she received the Oscar de la Renta Gold Thimble Award and graduated in 1980 . She was a stylist for three years before partnered with a firm in Hong Kong to create her own fashion label named `` A . Brown '' . She became a creative director for the fashion brand Adrienne Vittadini , an American fashion house with a flagship in Beverly Hills at the time , until September 1999 .
Marriage
Angela met Prince Maximilian of Liechtenstein , the second son of Hans-Adam II , Prince of Liechtenstein , at a private party in New York in 1997 . In 1999 , the Principality of Liechtenstein 's Information Bureau announced the forthcoming nuptials of Prince Maximilian to Angela Brown . Angela married Prince Maximilian civilly on January 21 , 2000 in Vaduz , Liechtenstein , and religiously on January 29 , 2000 , at 11:00 am , at the Church of St. Vincent Ferrer in New York City , wearing a dress that she designed herself and Kinsky tiara , an heirloom kept in the House of Liechtenstein since 1870 .
The marriage brought a person of Afro-Panamanian ancestry into one of the remaining reigning families of Europe . The groom obtained prior consent and full support of the sovereign , who also attended the wedding . She is the first African descent woman to ever marry into a reigning European dynasty . While some members of the princely house were said to be shocked and to consider the interracial marriage and the eleven years age gap ( with Angela being older than Prince Maximilian ) `` the end of an era '' , others were said to have expressed support .
Prince Maximilian and Princess Angela have a son :
Prince Alfons Constantin Maria of Liechtenstein , Count of Rietberg ( born on May 18 , 2001 in London , England ) .
Since her marriage , Princess Angela participates , sometimes with her son , in ceremonial events in the principality . In 2006 , Angela and her husband attended the wedding of Countess Elisabeth d'Udekem d'Acoz ( sister of Queen Mathilde of Belgium ) and Margrave Alfonso Pallavicini . In 2015 , Princess Angela gave an interview about Panama tourism . She and her family also spent their time in Pedasí , Panama .
Titles and styles
Angela became a princess of Liechtenstein and Countess of Rietberg upon her marriage to Prince Maximilian , entitled to the style of Serene Highness . She also bears the coat of arms of the princely house .
See also
Princely Family of Liechtenstein
References and notes
External links
Official website of the Princely House of Liechtenstein
1968 births
Living people
People from Bocas del Toro Province
Panamanian emigrants to the United States
Afro-Panamanian
Liechtenstein Roman Catholics
Liechtenstein princesses
Princesses by marriage
Liechtenstein people of Panamanian descent
Parsons School of Design alumni
The 1913 Baylor football team was an American football team that represented Baylor University as an independent during the 1913 college football season . In its first season under head coach Norman C. Paine , the team compiled a 4–4–2 record and was outscored by a total of 208 to 67 .
Schedule
References
Baylor
Baylor Bears football seasons
Baylor Bears football
Chahar Gushli ( , also Romanized as Chahār Gūshlī ; also known as Chahār Gūsheh and Chehār Gūsheh ) is a village in Binalud Rural District , in the Central District of Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 251 , in 63 families .
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
The unicameral Parliament of Uganda is the country 's legislative body .
The most significant of the Ugandan parliament 's functions is to pass laws which will provide good governance in the country . The government ministers are bound to answer to the people 's representatives on the floor of the house . Through the various parliamentary committees , parliament scrutinises government programmes , particularly as outlined in the State of the Nation address by the president . The fiscal issues of the government , such as taxation and loans need the sanction of the parliament , after appropriate debate .
Composition
The Parliament has a total of 529 seats , including 353 representatives elected using first-past-the-post voting in single winner constituencies . Using the same method , 146 seats reserved for women are filled , with one seat per district . Finally , 30 seats are indirectly filled via special electoral colleges : 10 by the army , 5 by youths , 5 by elders , 5 by unions , and 5 by people with disabilities . In each of these groups , at least one woman must be elected ( at least two for the army group ) .
In 2016 , it was composed of 288 constituency representatives , 121 district woman representatives , ten Uganda People 's Defence Force representatives , five representatives of the youth , five representatives of persons with disabilities , five representatives of workers , and seventeen ex officio members .
History
The Ugandan parliament was established in 1962 , soon after the country 's independence .
First Parliament ( 1962–1963 )
This body was then known as the National Assembly . It had 92 members and was presided over , as speaker , by Sir John Bowes Griffin , a British lawyer and former Ugandan Chief Justice .
Second Parliament ( 1963–1971 )
During this period , Prime Minister Milton Obote abrogated the constitution and declared himself President of Uganda in 1966 . This parliament also witnessed the abolition of Uganda 's traditional kingdoms and the declaration of Uganda as a republic . The speaker during the Second Parliament was Narendra M. Patel , a Ugandan of Indian descent . This parliament ended when Idi Amin overthrew Milton Obote 's government in January 1971 .
Third Parliament ( 1979–1980 )
Following the overthrow of Idi Amin in April 1979 , a new legislative body known as the Uganda Legislative Council was established . With an initial membership of 30 , the membership was later increased to 120 . This was the Third Parliament and was chaired by Professor Edward Rugumayo . This legislative body continued to function until the general elections of December 1980 .
Fourth Parliament ( 1980–1985 )
This period marked the return to power of Milton Obote and the Uganda People 's Congress ( UPC ) , following the disputed national elections of 1980 . The speaker of the Fourth Parliament was Francis Butagira , a Harvard-trained lawyer . the Fourth Parliament ended when General Basilio Olara Okello overthrew Obote and the UPC government in 1985 .
Fifth Parliament ( 1986–1996 )
Known as the National Resistance Council ( NRC ) , the Fifth Parliament was established following the end of the Ugandan 1981-1985 guerrilla war . Starting with 38 historical members of the National Resistance Movement and National Resistance Army , the legislative body was gradually expanded to include representatives from around the country . The speaker during the Fifth Parliament was Yoweri Museveni , who also concurrently served as the President of Uganda .
Sixth Parliament ( 1996–2001 )
The Sixth Parliament was constituted during one-party rule ( NRM ) . James Wapakhabulo served as speaker from 1996 until 1998 . From 1998 until 2001 , Francis Ayume , a member of Parliament from Koboko District , served as speaker .
Seventh Parliament ( 2001–2006 )
The Seventh Parliament was presided over as Speaker by Edward Ssekandi . The most controversial legislation passed during this period was the amendment of the constitution to remove presidential term limits .
Eighth Parliament ( 2006–2011 )
This was a continuation of the Seventh Parliament , with Edward Ssekandi as speaker and Rebecca Kadaga as deputy speaker .
Ninth Parliament ( 2011–2016 )
The Ninth Parliament was presided over by Rebecca Kadaga as speaker , and Jacob Oulanyah as deputy speaker .
Tenth Parliament ( 2016–2021 )
In the Tenth Parliament , Rebecca Kadaga and Jacob Oulanyah remained in their posts as speaker and deputy speaker respectively .
2017 Parliament fight
On September 27 , 2017 , a fight ensued during a legislative session of the Ugandan parliament . The legislation in discussion at the time was to remove the presidential age limit of 75 from the Ugandan constitution . Following accusations from the parliamentary speaker against certain lawmakers in the chamber of disorderly conduct , a full-fledged fight broke out in which chairs were thrown , microphone stands used as clubs , and eventual removal of some members by plain clothes security officers .
Eleventh Parliament ( 2021–present )
On March 25 , 2022 , Thomas Tayebwa was voted as the new Deputy Speaker of the Parliament of Uganda .
See also
List of legislatures by country
List of speakers of the Parliament of Uganda
Apollo Ofwono
Politics of Uganda
References
External links
Uganda
Organisations based in Kampala
Uganda
Organizations established in 1962
1962 establishments in Uganda
Eriksgata ( i.e . `` Erik 's Road '' ) is the tour traditionally taken in the Middle Ages by a newly-elected Swedish king through the important provinces of the realm to have his election confirmed by the local assemblies . The actual election took place at the Stone of Mora in Uppland and participation was originally restricted to the people in Uppland or Svealand , hence the need for having the election confirmed by the other regions . The Eriksgata gradually lost its influence when representatives from almost all parts of Sweden participated in the election at the stone of Mora from the 14th century . After 1544 the Swedish king was no longer elected and instead inherited his throne . This meant that the Eriksgata thereafter had only symbolic importance . The last king to travel the Eriksgata according to the old law was Charles IX ( 1604-1611 ) . Later kings have made visits to Swedish provinces and called them an `` Eriksgata '' , but those visits have no resemblance to the old medieval tradition .
The earliest reference of an Eriksgata is probably from Saxo Grammaticus who c. 1200 wrote about the struggle for the Swedish crown in the 1120s in his Gesta Danorum . But the tradition is probably much older than that .
The Eriksgata journey was not without risks since there is at least one example of a king being killed during his Eriksgata . This is the incident from the 1120s recorded by Saxo Grammaticus and also in an appendix to the Västgöta law . According to these sources , the newly elected king Ragnvald Knaphövde carelessly decided not to take along the customary hostages from prominent local families while travelling through Västergötland , even though a rival candidate for the throne had gained support in the province . According to Västgötalagen Ragnvald 's decision was taken as an insult to the people of Västergötland , since it showed that he did not fear them , and they killed him in Karlepitt ( an unknown location in Västergötland ) .
External links
Kulturarv Östergötland `` Heritage Östergötland ''
Swedish monarchy
Grove Manor is a manor house in the parish of Brading on the Isle of Wight in England .
History
Grove doubtless originally formed part of the Adgestone Manor holding , from which it became separated in the 16th century , and may be identical with the land in Adgestone held of the manor of Alverstone by Thomas Fitchett in 1510 .
The first owners seem to have been the Fitchetts , an early Isle of Wight family , whom Sir John Oglander speaks of as having been seated there for many generations , and who certainly held Grove in the 16th and 17th centuries . John Fitchett of Grove died in 1738 and his widow Elizabeth in 1742. n the 19th century Grove was held by the Jacobs family , who in 1846 sold it to Mr. Thomas Hillier , whose daughter had married a Jacobs , and to whom it passed on the death of her father . As of 1912 it was owned by the trustees of Muggeridge . The old house , an 18th-century structure , was pulled down in 1890 , and the present new one built .
References
This article includes text incorporated from William Page 's `` A History of the County of Hampshire : Volume 5 ( 1912 ) '' , a publication now in the public domain
Manor houses in England
Country houses on the Isle of Wight
Stefano ( or Steffano ) Bernardi ( 18 March 1580 – 15 February 1637 ) , also known as `` il Moretto '' , was an Italian priest , composer and music theorist . Born in Verona and maestro di cappella at the Verona Cathedral from 1611 to 1622 , he later moved to Salzburg , where he was responsible for the music at the Salzburg Cathedral and composed a Te Deum for 12 choirs performed at the cathedral 's consecration in 1628 .
Bernardi 's career spanned the transition from late Renaissance music to early Baroque , with some of his works in the polyphonic style of Palestrina and others in the new concertato style . He composed both sacred and secular music , including several masses and motets as well as sinfonias and three books of madrigals . He also wrote a treatise on counterpoint published in 1615 .
Biography
Bernardi was born in Verona and educated at the Scuola Accolitale ( Acolyte College ) attached to the Verona Cathedral , where he also sang in the choir under Ippolito Baccusi . By 1602 he was a paid musician at the court of Count Mario Bevilacqua and at the Accademia Filarmonica in Verona . In 1606 , the Accademia elevated his position to maestro della musica ( Music Master ) . The following year Bernardi went to Rome for further training and stayed there for four years , becoming the maestro di cappella of Santa Maria ai Monti in 1610 . He returned to Verona in 1611 when he was offered the same position at the Verona Cathedral as the successor to Francesco Anerio . He held that post until 1622 and during that time was also closely associated with the Accademia Filarmonica . He published a treatise on counterpoint , Porta musicale , in 1616 primarily for the students at the Scuola Accolitale where he also taught . Amongst his students in Verona in those years were Antonio Bertali and Pietro Verdina .
In 1622 Bernardi left Verona to take up a post as Director of Court Music to Archduke Carl Joseph , Bishop of Breslau and Brixen . Following the Archduke 's death in 1624 , Bernardi settled in Salzburg , where he was to become the Director of Court Music for Paris von Lodron , the Prince-Bishop of Salzburg , a position he held until 1634 . As such , he was also deeply involved in the musical life of Salzburg Cathedral , where he was one of the first composers to introduce the new Italian concertato style . For its consecration in 1628 , Bernardi composed a Te Deum ( music now lost ) sung by twelve separate choirs placed in the various marble galleries of the cathedral . While in Salzburg , he was ordained a priest and also received a doctorate in canon and civil law . Towards the end of his life , Bernardi returned to Verona where he died in 1637 .
Works
Most of Bernardi 's works were published in his lifetime , primarily in Venice by Giacomo Vincenti , and later by Alessandro Vincenti who also published a posthumous collection of Bernardi 's Messe a otto voci ( Masses for eight voices ) in 1638 . Two collections of his works were published in Rome : Motecta ( motets ) for two to five voices in 1610 , four of which were also anthologized by Georg Victorinus in his Siren coelestis published in Munich in 1616 , and a collection of madrigals for three voices in 1611 which also contains a six-part `` peasants ' masquerade '' . The music has been lost for two of the works he composed in Salzburg , the Te Deum and a dramatic work ( title unknown ) . However Encomia sacra for two to six voices which he wrote in Salzburg was published there by Gregor Kyrner in 1634 . His Salmi concertati for five voices published in 1637 is considered particularly important for the way the psalms highlight an alto or soprano soloist against a four voice choir which echoes the beginnings and endings of the solo passages . In addition to five psalms for vespers , the collection also contains a Magnificat and the hymn , Jesu nostra redemptio . Another important work was the Concerti Accademici which Bernardi composed for the Accademia Filarmonica in Verona between 1615 and 1616 . Originally published in 1616 and containing what Magnabosco considers his finest pieces of secular music , it consists of ten madrigali concertati ( concerted madrigals ) and eight sinfonias . A modern edition of the Concerti Accademici by Flavio Cinquetti and Matteo Zenatti , with critical revision and an essay by Marco Materassi was published in 2008 .
Sacred music
Most works were published in Venice , and the years indicate publication dates .
Motecta for two to five voices ( Rome , 1610 )
Psalmi integri for four voices ( Venice , 1613 )
Motetti in cantilena for four voices ( Venice , 1613 )
Messe for four to five voices ( Venice , 1615 )
Missae octonis vocibus modulatae for eight voices ( Venice , 1616 )
Concerti sacri scielti , et trasportati dal secondo , et terzo libro de madrigali for five voices and organ ( Venice , 1621 )
Psalmi for eight voices , one with organ accompaniment ( Venice , 1624 )
Te Deum for 12 choirs ( first performed on September 24 , 1628 in the Salzburg Cathedral , music lost )
Encomia sacra for two to six voices ( Salzburg , 1634 )
Salmi concertati for five voices ( Venice , 1637 )
Messe a otto voci for eight voices ( Venice , 1638 )
Missa primi toni octo vocum
Secular music
Il primo libro de madrigali for three voices ( Rome , 1611 )
Il primo libro de madrigali for five voices ( Venice , 1611 )
Il secondo libro de madrigali for five voices ( Venice , 1616 )
Concerti academici con varie sorti di sinfonie for six voices ( Venice , 1616 )
Il terzo libro de madrigali for five voices concertati ( Venice , 1619 )
Madrigaletti for two to three voices , also contains several sonatas for three instruments—two violins or cornetts and one theorbo , trombone or fagotto ( Venice , 1621 )
Il terzo libro de madrigali for six voices concertati with several instrumental sonatas ( Venice , 1624 )
Writings
Porta musicale per la quale il principiante con facile brevità all'acquisto delle perfette regole del contrapunto vien introdotto ( Verona , 1615 )
Notes and references
Sources
Arnold , Dennis ( 1983 ) . `` Bernardi , Stefano '' in The New Oxford Companion to Music . Oxford University Press , p. 215 .
Buelow , George J . ( 2004 ) . A History of Baroque Music . Indiana University Press .
Fisher , Alexander ( 2008 ) . `` Celestial Sirens and Nightingales : Change and Assimilation in the Munich Anthologies of Georg Victorinus `` , Journal of Seventeenth-Century Music Volume 14 , no . 1 .
Jensen , Niels Martin ( 1992 ) . `` The Instrumental Music for Small Ensemble of Antonio Bertali : The Sources '' . Danish Yearbook of Musicology Volume 20 pp . 25–43
Kurtzman , Jeffrey G. ( 1995 ) . Vesper and Compline Music for One Principal Voice . Routledge .
Magnabosco , Michele ( 2007 ) . `` Stefano Bernardi : il primo dei moderni '' . Cadenze . Accademia Filarmonica di Verona , Anno III n. 10 June–August 2007 .
Randel , Don Michael ( ed . ) ( 1996 ) . `` Bernardi , Stefano '' in The Harvard Biographical Dictionary of Music . Harvard University Press ( 1996 ) pp . 73–74 . ,
Sadie , Julie Anne ( 1998 ) `` Bernardi , Stefano '' in Companion to Baroque Music . University of California Press , pp . 80–81 .
Sadie , Stanley ( 2006 ) . Mozart : The Early Years 1756-1781 . Oxford University Press .
External links
Kraibacher , Michael . Biography of Stefano Bernardi and List of directors of court music in Salzburg on Salzburg City of Music . Accessed 22 November 2010 .
Italian male classical composers
Italian Baroque composers
Classical composers of church music
Musicians from Verona
1570s births
1637 deaths
Year of birth uncertain
17th-century Italian composers
17th-century male musicians
Cueva del Indio ( Spanish for `` cave of the Indian '' ) is a seaside cave located along limestone cliffs in Islote , Arecibo along Puerto Rico 's Atlantic coast . The cave and its surroundings are protected by the Puerto Rico Department of Natural and Environmental Resources ( DRNA ) as the Cueva del Indio Nature Reserve . The cave gets its name after the numerous petroglyphs created by the Taínos .
Ecology
The marine areas off Cueva del Indio are also protected as part of Cueva del Indio Nature Reserve , particularly the turtlegrass ( Thalassia testudinum ) meadows which is important for the West Indian manatee and numerous other animal species .
References
Caves of Puerto Rico
Arecibo , Puerto Rico
In the Eastern Catholic Churches , major archbishop ( sometimes also styled as major archeparch ) is a title for the chief hierarch of an autonomous ( sui juris ) particular Church that has not been `` endowed with the patriarchal title '' . Major archbishops generally have the same rights , privileges , and jurisdiction as Eastern Catholic patriarchs , except where expressly provided otherwise , and rank immediately after them in precedence of honor .
In addition to their role governing their particular Church , major archbishops , like Eastern Catholic patriarchs , are ex officio members of the Congregation for the Oriental Churches in the Roman Curia . They are required to attend the annual general meeting of this congregation , as well as other sessions if they are visiting Rome or are otherwise able .
There are currently four major archbishops each leading a major archiepiscopal autonomous Church .
Terminology
There was a strong movement within and after the Second Vatican Council to elevate Josyf Slipyj , then metropolitan of Lviv , for the Ukrainians , to the status of patriarch . Many of his admirers use this title for Slipyj when referring to him historically and many in Ukraine use this title for the current major archbishop even today . However ( and at the behest of Russian Orthodox officials ) , Pope Paul VI specifically declined to grant this title , instead creating this new title and appointing Slipyj the first `` major archbishop '' of Lviv ( the seat has since been moved to Kyiv ) . Slipyj 's successors have only used the title of major archbishop .
History
The title `` major archbishop '' was first granted to the head of the Ukrainian Greek Catholic Church in 1963 . The Syro-Malabar Church became major archiepiscopal in 1992 , followed by the Syro-Malankara Catholic Church and the Romanian Greek Catholic Church in 2005 .
Comparison to other titles
Compared to other titles available to the heads of sui juris Eastern Catholic Churches , the title of `` major archbishop '' falls below `` patriarch '' and above `` metropolitan archbishop '' . The title is used for archbishops of episcopal sees that were founded more recently than the patriarchal sees and are therefore less prestigious . Canon law , however generally treats major archbishops as equivalent to patriarchs , except where specifically provided otherwise . What differences there are between the two offices are mainly differences of ceremony or honor . Major archbishops rank immediately below patriarchs in the order of precedence of the Catholic Church . If made members of the College of Cardinals , major archbishops join the order of Cardinal-Priests , whereas Eastern Catholic patriarchs join the highest order as Cardinal-Bishops . Like patriarchs , major archbishops are elected by the synod of the sui iuris Church , but their election requires confirmation by the Pope , not the simple notification and request for communion required of patriarchs . On the other hand , metropolitan archbishops of Eastern Catholic Churches sui juris are appointed by the Pope ( rather than elected by their synod ) and have much less authority even within their own churches .
The title major archbishop in the Catholic Church is roughly equivalent to the patriarchal title catholicos in some Orthodox Churches . Catholicos is used internally by the Syro-Malankara Church for their major archbishop .
List of Major Archbishops
This section provides a complete list of every bishop who has held the title of major archbishop , organized according to the precedence of their titles , which follows the order in which their churches became major archiepiscopal . So far , every major archbishop has been a cardinal except for Cyril Baselios and Sviatoslav Shevchuk . Antony Padiyara and Lubomyr Husar are the only major archbishops to resign the office , rather than dying in it .
List of Major Archbishops of the Ukrainian Greek Catholic Church
Josyf Slipyj , Major Archbishop of Lviv , 23 December 1963 − 7 September 1984
Myroslav Ivan Lubachivsky , Major Archbishop of Lviv , 7 September 1984 − 14 December 2000
Lubomyr Husar , 26 January 2001 − 10 February 2011
as Major Archbishop of Lviv , 26 January 2001 − 29 August 2005
as Major Archbishop of Kyiv-Galicia , 29 August 2005 − 10 February 2011
Sviatoslav Shevchuk , Major Archbishop of Kyiv-Galicia , 25 March 2011 − present
For a complete list of heads of the Ukrainian Greek Catholic Church , including prior to its establishment as a major archiepiscopal church , see List of Leaders of the Ukrainian Greek Catholic Church .
List of Major Archbishops of the Syro-Malabar Catholic Church
Antony Padiyara , Major Archbishop of the Syro-Malabar Catholic Church , 16 December 1992 − 11 November 1996
Varkey Vithayathil , Major Archbishop of the Syro-Malabar Catholic Church , 23 December 1999 − 1 April 2011
George Alencherry Major Archbishop of the Syro-Malabar Catholic Church , 25 May 2011 − present
For a complete list of heads of the Syro-Malabar Catholic Church , including prior to its establishment as a major archiepiscopal church , see List of Major Archbishops of the Syro-Malabar Church .
List of Major Archbishops of the Syro-Malankara Catholic Church
Cyril Baselios , Major Archbishop of Trivandrum , 10 February 2005 − 18 January 2007
Baselios Cleemis , Major Archbishop of Trivandrum , 10 February 2007 − present
For a complete list of heads of the Syro-Malankara Catholic Church , including prior to its establishment as a major archiepiscopal church , see List of Major Archbishops of Thiruvananthapuram .
List of Major Archbishops of the Romanian Greek Catholic Church
Lucian Mureșan , Major Archbishop of Făgăraș and Alba Iulia , 16 December 2005 − present
For a complete list of heads of the Romanian Greek Catholic Church , including prior to its establishment as a major archiepiscopal church , see List of bishops of Făgăraș and Alba Iulia .
Notes
Sources
Further reading
External links
Major Archbishops by GCatholic
Major Archbishop & Archdiocese of Ernakulam-Angamaly
`` Syro-Malankara Catholic Church - homepage ''
Eastern Catholicism
Episcopacy in the Catholic Church
Catholic ecclesiastical titles
Archbishops
Bishops by type
Kartalpınar can refer to :
Kartalpınar , Ardahan
Kartalpınar , Burdur
Phoenicurusia is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae .
References
Lycaeninae
Lycaenidae genera
Taxa named by Ruggero Verity
Several attempts are known to have been made on Vladimir Lenin 's life . The most famous of them was committed on August 30 , 1918 , by the Socialist Revolutionary Party member Fanny Kaplan , as a result of which Lenin was seriously wounded .
Direct assassination attempts
January 1918
On January 1 , 1918 , the first unsuccessful attempt on Lenin 's life took place in Petrograd , in which Friedrich Platten was slightly hit by a bullet . According to one of the versions of the All-Russian Extraordinary Commission ( Cheka ) , Dmitry Shakhovskoy was the organizer of the assassination attempt on January 1 , 1918 . A few years later , while in exile , Prince Dmitry Shakhovskoy announced that he was the organizer of the assassination attempt and allocated five hundred thousand rubles for this purpose . Researcher Richard Pipes also pointed out that one of the former ministers of the Provisional Government , constitutional democrat Nikolai Nekrasov , who immediately after the assassination attempt , changing his last name to Golgofsky , left for Ufa , and then to Kazan , was involved in this attempt . In March 1921 , he was arrested , sent to Moscow , and in May , after a meeting with Vladimir Lenin , was released .
In mid–January , the second attempt on Lenin 's life was thwarted in Petrograd : the soldier Spiridonov came to see Mikhail Bonch–Bruevich , declaring that he was participating in the conspiracy of the `` Union of Saint George 's Cavaliers '' and was ordered to eliminate Lenin . On the night of January 22 , the–Russian Extraordinary Commission arrested the conspirators at 14 Zakharyevskaya Street , in the apartment of `` citizen Salova '' , but then they are all sent to the front at their personal request . At least two of the conspirators , Zinkevich and Nekrasov , subsequently joined the `` white '' armies .
March 1918
On March 11 , 1918 , the Bolsheviks moved the capital from Petrograd to Moscow , fearing the expected German offensive . The move of government bodies took place in difficult conditions : as of March 11 , the sabotage of the railway workers was still not completely broken . To divert eyes , the move was announced on March 11 , however , in fact , the move began one day earlier , on March 10 at 21:45 , and was guarded by Latvian Riflemen under the command of Berezin .
On its way , the train with Lenin met with a train with armed deserters coming from the front . At the station Malaya Vishera there was a clash of deserters numbering up to 400 sailors and 200 soldiers with numerically superior Latvian Riflemen . The Latvians disarmed the deserters and blocked the `` anarchist train '' . Historian Richard Pipes , in his work `` Bolsheviks in the Struggle for Power '' , described this incident as follows : `` The company was traveling on a special train , guarded by Latvian Riflemen . Early in the morning they came across a train filled with deserters , and since the intentions of the latter were unclear , Bonch–Bruevich ordered the train to stop and disarm everyone . Then the train moved on and arrived in Moscow late in the evening '' .
August 1918
On August 30 , 1918 , at the Michelson Plant in Moscow , an attempt was made on Lenin , according to the official version – by the half–blind Socialist Revolutionary Fanny Kaplan . As a result of the assassination attempt , Lenin was seriously wounded ( the question of the organizers and participants in the assassination attempt , as well as the involvement of Fanny Kaplan , remains unclear to this day ) .
The Ambassadors Plot to assassinate Vladimir Lenin in 1918 , which the press misnamed the Lockhart—Reilly plot , after two of its principal agents .
On the morning of August 30 , 1918 , the Chairman of the Petrograd Extraordinary Commission , Moisey Uritsky , was killed in Petrograd . Despite the news of this murder , no additional security measures were taken in Moscow . The speeches of the members of the Council of People 's Commissars at the factory rallies , scheduled for 18:00 , were not canceled . Lenin was supposed to speak at a rally in front of the workers of the Michelson Plant . He left for the plant without security . There was no security at the plant itself . Lenin 's speech at the rally ended with the words : `` We will die or win ! '' . When Lenin left the plant and was getting into the car , a woman approached him with a complaint that bread was being confiscated at the railway stations . At this point , Kaplan fired three shots . Lenin 's driver , Stepan Gil , rushed after the unknown , but after a while she stopped herself , was arrested and taken to Lubyanka .
{
`` type '' : `` FeatureCollection '' ,
`` features '' : [
{
`` type '' : `` Feature '' ,
`` properties '' : { } ,
`` geometry '' : {
`` type '' : `` Point '' ,
`` coordinates '' : [
37.62829318642617 ,
55.7205370774789
]
}
}
]
}
Lenin was unconscious immediately after the assassination attempt . Doctors discovered that he had a dangerous wound in the neck under the jaw , and blood entered his lung . The second bullet hit his arm , and the third hit the woman who was talking to Lenin at the moment the shots began . The extraordinary commissioners established that the unknown is a former anarchist Fanny Kaplan , who before the revolution was involved in the assassination attempt on the Kiev Governor–General . In exile she joined the Socialist Revolutionaries . By her own admission , Kaplan sympathized with the regime of the Committee of Members of the Constituent Assembly and the leader of the Socialist Revolutionaries Chernov , and she decided to kill Lenin as revenge for the dispersal of the Constituent Assembly . She was quoted as saying : `` I shot Lenin because I consider him a traitor . Due to the fact that he lives for a long time , the onset of socialism is postponed for decades . ''
Information made public by the Soviet government
The details of the assassination attempt , or what authorities decided to report on this matter , became known to the public in early 1922 when the Bolshevik government held the first open political trial over the leaders of the Socialist Revolutionary Party ( SR ) . At the trial , the repentant SR militants Grigory Semyonov and Lydia Konopleva testified . In accordance with Semyonov 's testimony , the SR Combat Organization resumed its activities in early 1918 and in July liquidated V. Volodarsky . The next main target was Leon Trotsky as the military leader of Bolshevism . Trotsky was constantly moving between the capital and the front , as Semyonov put it , and `` for technical reasons '' it was decided to first eliminate Lenin . During the training , Semyonov discovered that Kaplan , whom he described as an `` unshakable revolutionary terrorist '' , was conducting the same training independently of him . Kaplan joined Semyonov 's group . During interrogations at the Extraordinary Commission , she claimed that she acted independently , without representing any party .
The first assassination attempt was made by the Socialist Revolutionaries on August 16 at a meeting of the Moscow Party Committee , but the perpetrator lost his nerve at the last moment . The second , successful , attempt was made on August 30 . For her , Semyonov appointed Novikov as the worker on duty , and Kaplan as the executor . At the same time , the Socialist Revolutionaries tried to carry out an attempt on Trotsky 's life by blowing up his train to the front . At the last moment , Trotsky eluded them by leaving on another train .
Poisoned bullet version
For a long time there was an opinion that Lenin was wounded by a poisoned bullet . In particular , the historian Richard Pipes cites such a statement in his work `` Bolsheviks in the Struggle for Power '' , referring to the testimony of Semyonov . Semyonov himself claimed that the three bullets had a cruciform incision into which curare poison was injected . In addition , according to the medical report , the doctors actually found a cruciform incision on the bullet removed from Lenin 's neck . Assuming that the poison was actually inflicted , its properties were destroyed by the heat generated in the pistol barrel upon firing .
In the future , a controversy grew around this version , in which Lenin 's political opponents tried to deny both the poisoned bullets and the existence of the attempt itself .
Results of the assassination attempt
As a result of the assassination attempts on Vladimir Lenin and Moisey Uritsky , the supreme body of Soviet power – the–Russian Central Executive Committee , chaired by Yakov Sverdlov , announced the beginning of the Red Terror . The Council of People 's Commissars – the Soviet government – on September 5 , 1918 , confirmed this decision by a special resolution .
Although Lenin 's wound seemed fatal , he recovered quickly . On September 25 , 1918 , he left for Gorki and returned to Moscow on October 14 , immediately resuming his political activities . Lenin 's first public appearance after the assassination attempt was on October 22 , 1918 .
Indirect assassination attempts
Robbery
On January 6 , 1919 , Kuznetsov 's Gang accidentally robbed a car with Lenin , who was driving to Nadezhda Krupskaya ( according to the version in numerous stories – to a Christmas tree ) at the Forestry School in Sokolniki . As described by Angelica Balabanova , `` [ o ] ne of them took out a pistol and said : 'Wallet or life ! ' Lenin showed his identity card and said : ' I am Ulyanov–Lenin . ' The attackers did not even look at the document and only repeated : 'Wallet or life ! ' Lenin had no money . He took off his coat , got out of the car and , without giving the robbers a bottle of milk , which was intended for his wife , went further on foot .
Attempted terrorist attacks
According to researcher Viktor Savchenko , an underground anarchist group led by Maria Nikiforova ( `` Marusya '' ) in the summer of 1919 began to develop plans to assassinate Lenin and Trotsky . After a series of `` expropriations '' , the anarchists , under the slogan of starting a `` dynamite war with the Council of People 's Commissars and the Extraordinary Commission '' , blew up the building of the Moscow Party Committee on September 25 , 1919 , in which Lenin was expected to speak . Lenin was late for the opening of the plenum of the party committee , and did not suffer in any way . During the terrorist act , the Chairman of the Party Committee Vladimir Zagorsky and 11 other people were killed , while Nikolai Bukharin , Yemelyan Yaroslavsky , and a number of other prominent Bolshevik leaders , a total of 55 people , were wounded as part of the explosion in Leontievsky Lane .
On the October Holidays of 1919 , the anarchists planned to blow up the Kremlin , but the entire organization was opened by the–Russian Extraordinary Commission and almost all were arrested , seven people were shot . Nikiforova herself ( `` Marusya '' ) by this time had already been hanged by the White Guards in Sevastopol ; presumably she was going to blow up General Denikin 's headquarters .
References
External links
`` Attempt on Lenin '' . A film by Alexei Pivovarov ( NTV ) from the `` Dark Business '' series
How Lenin Was Saved By A Car
Published Materials From the Yeltsin Presidential Library From 1918 , 87 Sheets
Victor Kirillov . `` Five Misconceptions About Kaplan 's Assassination Attempt On Lenin ''
Crime in Moscow
Vladimir Lenin
Lenin
Private Party may refer to :
Party
Music
Private Party ( album ) , by Freddie Jackson 1995
Private Party Collectors Edition , a compilation album of Canadian DJ group , Baby Blue Soundcrew
Private Party , album by Bobby Nunn ( R & B musician )
Private Party , album by Private ( band )
Private Party EP , by Leona Lewis
Private Party , compilation album by Johan Gielen
Private Party November 21 , 1948 , an archive recording by Lead Belly 2000
Songs
Private Party ( Klymaxx song ) , 1990
`` Private Party '' , song by Freddie Jackson from the album Private Party ( album ) 1995
`` Private Party '' , song by Bobby Nunn ( R & B musician ) 1982
`` Private Party '' , song by Britt Ekland , Nissenson , Grody & Delia , B-side of Do It To Me 1979
`` Private Party '' , song by The Comsat Angels from Fiction ( The Comsat Angels album ) 1982
`` Private Party '' , song by Leona Lewis
`` Private Party '' , song by Michelle Williams from Unexpected ( Michelle Williams album )
`` Private Party '' , song by Juicy ( band ) 1987
`` Private Party '' , song by Unlimited Touch 1981
`` Private Party '' , song by Sean Paul from album Imperial Blaze
`` Private Party '' , song by Dungeonesse
`` Private Party '' , song by Wally Jump Junior and The Criminal Element Arthur Baker ( musician ) 1988
`` Private Party '' , song by Olivia with Soul Diggaz from Barbershop 2 : Back in Business ( soundtrack )
`` Private Party '' , song by India Arie from Testimony : Vol . 1 , Life & Relationship
`` Private Party '' , song by Cuban Link from Chain Reaction ( Cuban Link album )
`` Private Party '' , song by Sinjin Hawke
`` Private Party '' , song by Keo Nozari from Love Boutique
`` Ohhh ( Private Party ) '' , song by German pop singer Sarah Connor from Naughty but Nice ( album )
`` Private Party ( Tu Para Mi ) '' , song by Sheila E from Sex Cymbal ( album )
Other uses
Private Party ( professional wrestling ) , a professional wrestling team consisting of Isiah Kassidy and Marq Quen
Budapest Declaration could refer to :
Budapest Memorandum on Security Assurances of 1994 , regarding Ukraine
International Union of Food Science and Technology Budapest Declaration of 1995
Budapest Open Access Initiative declaration of 2002
Budapest Declaration on Machine Readable Travel Documents of 2006
Jonathan Hammond is a British sport shooter , who has competed for Scotland at the Commonwealth Games and Great Britain at the Olympics . He is currently the head coach of the rifle team at the West Virginia University .
Early life
Hammond was born on 1 October 1980 in Aberdeen , Scotland . He began shooting at Ardvreck School in Crieff , Perthshire and at the age of 13 he won the Scottish under-18s championships . At the age of 17 he won the World Junior Championship in prone rifle .
He has a BA in geography and a master 's in sport management .
2008 Olympics
At the 2008 Summer Olympics held in Beijing , China , Hammond competed in three events as the sole representative in rifle for Great Britain . In his first event , the men 's 10 metres air rifle , Hammond scored 589 points to finish in 29th place as Abhinav Bindra won to become India 's first ever individual Olympic gold medallist . Hammond came 34th in the 50 metre rifle prone again scoring 589 points as gold was won by Artur Ayvazian of Ukraine . In the 50 metres rifle three positions Hammond finished 42nd out of the 49 athletes who started in an event that was won by China 's Qiu Jian
2010 Commonwealth Games
At the 2010 Commonwealth Games Hammond won a total of four medals , two gold , a silver and a bronze , making him the most successful Scottish athlete ever at the Games .
Hammond 's first medal of the Games came in the pairs three position 50 metres rifle . Hammond and teammate Neil Stirton finished in a tie for second , behind Abhinav Bindra and Gagan Narang of India , having recorded the same score as English pair James Huckle and Kenneth Parr but were awarded the bronze medal on the x count , an additional target within the maximum 10 targets . Hammond won his silver medal in the individual 50 metre rifles three positions ; Gold was won by Narang and bronze by Huckle . His first gold medal came in the 50 metres rifle prone pairs . Again partnered by Stirton the Scottish duo scored 1181-74x to beat England 's Mike Babb and Richard Wilson . Hammond 's second gold medal was won in men 's 50 metres rifle prone singles , his score of 696.9 points beat Australian silver medallist Warren Potent 's score by 1.5 points .
2012 Olympics
Hammond was selected as one of ten shooters to represent Great Britain at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London . He competed in the men 's 50 metre rifle prone event held at the Royal Artillery Barracks in Woolwich and the 50 metre 3 positions . He finished in 17th in the prone and in 41st in the 3 positions event .
References
1980 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Aberdeen
Scottish male sport shooters
British male sport shooters
Olympic shooters of Great Britain
Shooters at the 2010 Commonwealth Games
Shooters at the 2014 Commonwealth Games
Shooters at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Shooters at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Commonwealth Games gold medallists for Scotland
Commonwealth Games silver medallists for Scotland
Commonwealth Games bronze medallists for Scotland
ISSF rifle shooters
People educated at Glenalmond College
People educated at Ardvreck School
Shooters at the 2015 European Games
European Games competitors for Great Britain
Commonwealth Games medallists in shooting
Strand is a high-level symbolic language for parallel computing , similar in syntax to Prolog .
Artificial Intelligence Ltd were awarded the British Computer Society Award for Technical Innovation 1989 for Strand88 .
The language was created by computer scientists Ian Foster and Stephen Taylor .
Implementations
Felix Winkelmann 's web site - Strand , Felix Winkelmann 's GitLab repository
Further reading
Foster , Ian ; Stephen Taylor : Strand : new concepts in parallel programming . .
Concurrent programming languages
Prolog programming language family
The Whipple Expedition ( 1853–1854 ) was led by Lieutenant Amiel Weeks Whipple and tasked with conducting a survey from Fort Smith , Arkansas , to Los Angeles , California , along the 35th parallel north . The expedition lasted for nine months and traveled .
References
Bibliography
Arizona Territory
Vahdat Football Club ( Persian : باشگاه فوتبال وحدت , Bashgah-e Futbal-e Vâhdât ) was an Iranian football club based in Tehran , Iran that participated in Tehran Football League from 1980s . Vahdat ّFC was founded in 1973 .
References
Football clubs in Iran
Sport in Tehran
1936 establishments in Iran
Botia ( Indian loaches ) is a genus of freshwater fish in the loach family ( Botiidae ) . It was a large genus with about 20 species . In 2004 Maurice Kottelat proposed in his paper ( along with the description of Botia kubotai , see References below ) to divide the genus into four related genera based on fish appearance and locality :
Botia for Indian loaches ( shorter body ) .
Chromobotia for clown loach .
Syncrossus for tiger loaches ( elongated body ) .
Yasuhikotakia for Mekong loaches ( shorter body ) .
Another genus , Parabotia , was considered a separate genus earlier . It has an elongated body quite similar to Syncrossus , but with its range mostly restricted to China . With all these as separate genera , Botia species are restricted to South Asia ( including Burma ) .
The fish in these genera possess a pair of razor-sharp spines under their eye sockets . These spines normally lie flat , but may be extended when the loach feels threatened . This behavior is rarely observed when the fish is swimming , but care must be taken when catching botia in fishnets — the projecting spines may become entangled , causing injury to the fish and/or damage to the net . Care must also be taken when transporting the larger botia , as their subocular spines may puncture the enclosing polyethylene bags that are normally used for this purpose .
One special characteristic of this loach group is the ability to produce a loud `` clicking '' noise , which is commonly heard during feeding time . This noise stems from a special type of pharyngeal teeth that are used to extract snails from their shells . For aquarists , this gives the botia a practical application , as they can be used to fight a snail infestation .
Another peculiarity of botia is that they are often seen resting on their side or in other strange positions . While this can be normal , healthy behaviour for botia , it is rarely observed in other types of fish . The unusual habit often causes needless panic for the inexperienced aquarist , who mistakenly assumes their fish is ill .
Species
There are currently nine recognized species in this genus :
References
Turner , Emma . 2007 . `` An Introduction To Keeping Botia '' Loaches Online
Kottelat , M. 2004 . Botia kubotai , a new species of loach ( Teleostei : Cobitidae ) from the Ataran River basin ( Myanmar ) , with comments on botiine nomenclature and diagnosis of a new genus . Zootaxa , 401 : 1-18 .
`` Botia . '' ITIS Standard Report . ( Integrated Taxonomic Information System : National Museum of Natural History , Washington , D.C. , 2004-10-11 ) . ITIS 638919
Ophir , M. 2009 . `` Keeping Loaches in Home Aquaria : General Tips and Recommendations '' . www.loachworld.com
Botiidae
Freshwater fish genera
Taxa named by John Edward Gray
Hamilton South is one of the twenty wards used to elect members of the South Lanarkshire Council . Created in 2007 , it elects four councillors . Its territory covers south-eastern parts of suburban Hamilton including the Avon Grove , Cadzow , Eddlewood , Fairhill , Laighstonehall , Low Waters , Meikle Earnock , Silvertonhill , Torhead Farm and Woodhead neighbourhoods . A 2017 national review saw the addition of some territory in the north of the ward ( streets around Portland Place , Burnblea Street , Kemp Street ) , the northern boundary moving to the Argyle Line railway tracks . In 2019 the ward 's population was 21,793 , the highest in the council area .
Councillors
Election Results
2022 Election
2022 South Lanarkshire Council election
Source :
2017 Election
2017 South Lanarkshire Council election
Labour Party councillor Joe Lowe resigned from the party and became an Independent in May 2017 .
2012 Election
2012 South Lanarkshire Council election
2013 By-election
SNP councillor Bobby Lawson died on 13 August 2013 . A by-election was held on 24 October 2013 and was won by the Labour Party 's Stuart Gallacher .
2015 By-election
SNP councillor Angela Crawley was elected as an MP for Lanark and Hamilton East on 7 May 2015 . She resigned her Council seat on 22 May 2015 . A by-election was held to fill the vacancy on 6 August 2015 and it was won by the SNP 's John Ross .
2007 Election
2007 South Lanarkshire Council election
References
Wards of South Lanarkshire
Hamilton , South Lanarkshire
Nauthar is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal . At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2053 people living in 410 individual households .
References
External links
UN map of the municipalities of Lamjung District
Populated places in Lamjung District
Houttuynia cordata , also known as fish mint , fish leaf , rainbow plant , chameleon plant , heart leaf , fish wort , or Chinese lizard tail , is one of two species in the genus Houttuynia ( the other being H. emeiensis ) . It is a flowering plant native to Southeast Asia . It grows in moist , shady locations . It was named after Martinus Houttuyn .
Growth
Houttuynia cordata is a herbaceous perennial plant that can grow to , spreading up to . The proximal part of the stem is trailing and produces adventitious roots , while the distal part of the stem grows vertically . The leaves are alternate , broadly heart-shaped , long and broad . Its flowers are greenish-yellow and borne on a terminal spike long with four to six large white basal bracts . It normally blooms in the summer .
It is considered an invasive plant because of its ability to regrow rhizomes from any segment of its foliage .
Cultivation
Houttuynia cordata grows in moist to wet soil or slightly submerged in water , as long as it is exposed partially or fully to the sun . It can become invasive in gardens and difficult to eradicate as their roots run deep and actively spread . It propagates by division .
It is usually found in one of its cultivated forms in temperate gardens . The 'Chameleon ' variety ( synonymous with H.cordata 'Court Jester ' , 'Tricolour ' , and 'Variegata ' ) is slightly less vigorous than the parent species , with stubbier leaves mottled in both yellow and red . Another common variety , 'Flore Pleno ' , has masses of white bracts and retains the vigor of the parent species .
Houttuynia cordata has been naturalized in North America .
Usage
Culinary use
It is commonly grown as a leaf vegetable , and is used as a fresh herbal garnish . The leaf has an unusual taste that is often described as 'fishy ' ( earning it the nickname `` fish mint '' ) , so it is not enjoyed as universally as basil , mint , or other more commonly used herbs .
In northeastern India , it is commonly used in salads , salsas , or cooked with other vegetables , and as a garnish over side dishes . The tender roots can also be ground into chutneys along with dry meat or fish , chilies , and tamarind . It is taken raw as salad and cooked along with fish as fish curry . In Japan and Korea , its dried leaves may be used as an herbal tea , which is believed to have healing properties . It is called ドクダミ茶 ( `` dokudami-cha '' ) in Japan .
In Vietnamese cuisine , it is called diếp cá , and it is used with grilled meat and noodle salad dishes . Fish mint may be used as a garnish with several Vietnamese dishes , such as gỏi cuốn , stir-fried beef with fish mint salad , and bánh xèo .
Zhé'ěrgēn ( Chinese : 折耳根 , `` broken ear-root '' ) is the edible rhizome of Houttuynia cordata ( yuxingcao , 鱼腥草 `` fish-smelling grass '' ) with a fresh , spicy , peppery flavour that is used in southwestern Chinese cuisine , i.e . that of Guizhou , Sichuan , Yunnan and western Guangxi . Typically the leaves are eaten in Sichuan and the root in Guizhou . Zhé'ěrgēn fried with cured la rou ( a dried meat resembling 'Chinese bacon ' ) is one of the staple dishes of Guizhou .
Notable uses include :
part of the extensive fried rice cuisine of Guizhou
a condiment to migan and mixian noodles when served in broth
as a component of dipping sauces used with the Shiping and Jianshui tradition of barbecued tofu
raw consumption as part of cold-tossed salads , when it is most frequently combined with coriander , vinegar , fresh chilli , and soy sauce .
The leaves are also a little peppery and are frequently consumed in the region .
Traditional medicine
Houttuynia cordata was used in traditional Chinese medicine , including by Chinese scientists in an attempt to treat SARS and various other disorders , although there is no high-quality clinical research to confirm such uses are safe or effective , as of 2018 . When administered via injection , H. cordata can cause severe allergic reactions .
Aroma profile
Chemical compounds that contribute to the aroma of H. cordata include β-myrcene and 2-undecanone .
See also
Kampo herb list
Sichuan cuisine
Yunnan cuisine
References
External links
Flora , The Gardener 's Bible , ABC Publishing , Ultimo , NSW , Australia , 2006
Saururaceae
Leaf vegetables
Plants used in traditional Chinese medicine
Theodore Marshall ( 1846–1909 ) was a Scottish minister who served as Moderator of the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland in 1908 .
Life
He was born on 8 March 1843 at 9 Fettes Row the son of John Marshall , advocate ( later known as Lord Curriehill ) and his wife , Margaret Tod Bell daughter of Rev Andrew Bell of Crail . He was educated at Loretto School and Edinburgh Academy , then studied at Glasgow University and Edinburgh University , graduating from MA in 1864 .
He was licensed to preach by the Presbytery of Wigtown in 1867 and served as assistant at St Stephen 's Church in Stockbridge , Edinburgh . He was ordained as minister of Caputh in Perthshire in February 1869 under the patronage of Queen Victoria and remained there until 1893 .
He then followed in the footsteps of Very Rev K. M. Phin and ran the Church of Scotland 's Home Mission Service based at 22 Queen Street in Edinburgh 's New Town .
He lived at Linkswood , Davidsons Mains in western Edinburgh .
He died on a train travelling from Perth to Crieff on 1 May 1909 . Because he died during his tenancy as Moderator he remained styled as Right Reverend ( Very Reverend being the style for former Moderators ) .
He is buried in Dean Cemetery in western Edinburgh . The grave lies on the north side of the central gap between the original cemetery and the first northern extension . His grave wrongly terms him Very Reverend . He is also memorialised on his parents ' grave in St Cuthberts Churchyard in the city centre , where he is correctly titled Right Rev .
Family
He was married to Anne Nicholson ( 1846–1939 ) at 3 Regent Terrace , Edinburgh on 21 July 1869 . She was the daughter of Rev Dr Maxwell Nicholson of St Stephen 's Church in Stockbridge , Edinburgh .
Memorials
The baptismal font at Iona Abbey is dedicated to his memory .
References
1846 births
1909 deaths
19th-century Ministers of the Church of Scotland
Moderators of the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland
Burials at the Dean Cemetery
20th-century Ministers of the Church of Scotland
Jaak Boon ( born 1948 , Brussels ) is a Belgian television writer , director and producer who specializes in the production of comedy .
Mainly a writer for Belgian television , Boon has written for a number of popular mainstream comedies in Belgium such as De Kotmadam since 1991 working with director Ronnie Commissaris . Boon co-wrote the series with Frans Ceusters .
External links
Flemish television writers
Male television writers
Mass media people from Brussels
1948 births
Living people
Belgian male writers
The Kurdish wheatear ( Oenanthe xanthoprymna ) , also known as the Kurdistan wheatear , the chestnut-rumped wheatear or the red-rumped wheatear , is a species of bird in the family Muscicapidae . The red-tailed wheatear ( O. chrysopygia ) was formerly considered a subspecies of this bird but is now often regarded as a separate species . The two may intergrade in Iran ( `` O. x. cummingi '' ) but it is also possible that the rather differently coloured cummingi is in fact a one-year-old O. xanthoprymna with intermediate plumage .
Description
The Kurdish wheatear is about in length . The top of the head and the nape of the male are pale grey , separated by a white eye stripe from the black face and throat . The back is brownish grey and the underparts white or buff . The wings are charcoal with no white streak , the flight feathers being edged with brown . The flanks and under-tail coverts are orange and the tail white at the base with a dark terminal band . The female has similar markings but the colours are more muted and the dark face and throat replaced by a grey eye patch . The orange rump and tail coverts are particularly noticeable in the winter when the male is in flight .
Call
The call note is a harsh chack-chack-chack . The song is similar to that of the northern wheatear ( Oenanthe oenanthe ) and is a rather squeaky warble .
Diet
The Kurdish wheatear mainly eats ants and other small insects .
Reproduction
The nest is built among rocks , in a crevice , in scree or under a boulder . It is basin-shaped and lined with wool , hair and dead grasses . Four or five eggs are laid . They are bluish-white with a few chestnut brown speckles .
Distribution and habitat
The breeding range of the Kurdish wheatear covers the Middle East , south-east Turkey , northern Iraq , western Iran , parts of the former USSR and south east Asia . It moves southwards in winter to southern Iran , the Arabian Peninsula , Egypt , Sudan , Eritrea and north-east Somalia and occasionally to north west India . It is unclear whether all populations migrate or whether some birds just move down to lower altitudes for the winter . Its preferred habitat is heathland , open hillsides and scrubby , semi-desert regions . It is listed as being of `` least concern '' in the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species because of its very large range .
References
Wheatears
Birds of Western Asia
Birds described in 1833
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Kimiora Poi ( born 1 November 1997 ) is a New Zealand netball player , currently playing for the Mainland Tactix in the ANZ Premiership .
Career
Poi began her professional netball career with the Mainland Tactix at the start of the 2018 season , having previously been a training partner with rival team the Central Pulse the previous year . Poi 's debut year was successful and saw her selected in the New Zealand development squad and Silver Ferns team for the 2018 Fast5 Netball World Series . This came off the back of being a member of the national under-21 team which won the 2017 Netball World Youth Cup . She made her debut for the New Zealand national netball team in the January 2019 Quad Series against England , though she missed out on selection for that year 's World Cup .
Shortly afterwards she was signed by Australian team Collingwood Magpies in the Suncorp Super Netball league , as a replacement player for the injured Madi Browne . Poi played for the second
half of the 2019 season , making seven appearances for the Magpies and featuring at wing-attack .
Poi was appointed captain of the Mainland Tactix for the 2022 ANZ Premiership season following Jane Watson pregnancy announcement .
Poi 's fitness has been regarded as one of the highest .
Statistics
Statistics are correct to 24 July 2020 .
|-
! scope= '' row '' style= '' text-align : center '' | 2018
|style= '' text-align : center ; '' |Tactix
| 0/0 || – || 0 || 0 || – || 17 || 31 || 105 || 36 || 15
|-
! rowspan= '' 2 '' | 2019
|style= '' text-align : center ; '' |Tactix
| 0/0 || 167 || 0 || 8 || 330 || 9 || 36 || 123 || 59 || 15
|-
|style= '' text-align : center ; '' |Magpies
| 0/0 || 35 || 0 || 60 || 54 || 2 || 3 || 25 || 15 || 7
|-
! scope= '' row '' style= '' text-align : center '' | 2020
|style= '' text-align : center ; '' |Tactix
| 0/0 || 97 || 0 || 0 || 211 || 4 || 18 || 47 || 23 || 9
|- class= '' sortbottom ''
! colspan=2| Career
! 0/0
! 299
! 0
! 68
! 595
! 22
! 88
! 300
! 133
! 46
| }
References
External links
Silver Ferns Profile
ANZ Premiership profile
Magpies Netball profile
Netball Draft Central profile
1997 births
New Zealand netball players
Mainland Tactix players
Collingwood Magpies Netball players
Living people
ANZ Premiership players
National Netball League ( New Zealand ) players
New Zealand expatriate netball people in Australia
New Zealand international netball players
New Zealand Māori netball players
Ngāti Porou people
The Van Vleck House was built in Jackson , Wyoming in 1910–1011 . The log house and barn are the only remaining residential structures in the vicinity of the Town Square .
The Van Vleck House was built by Roy Van Vleck , operator of the first `` mercantile '' , or general store , in Jackson . Roy and his new wife , Genevieve Lawton Van Vleck lived in the cabin from 1911 to 1960 . The Van Vleck house was notable at the time for possessing its own well , which served much of the surrounding population . In 1920 Genevieve became one of the members of the first all-female town council in the United States , serving until 1923 . Roy Van Vleck was the local land commissioner and served on the hospital and school boards . Van Vleck was also a leader of the opposition to the creation and expansion of Grand Teton National Park in the 1930s .
The house is a one-story log cabin . The approximately by L-shaped house was moved after a 1988 fire and set on a new foundation . It retains its orientation and context . The interior did not survive the fire and has been reconstructed . The barn , which is a few years newer than the house , stands nearby . The barn includes a central brick chimney and is used for storage . The barn was the location for the final fight scene featuring Clint Eastwood in the 1980 movie Every Which Way But Loose .
In 1980 the house became a restaurant . It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995 , and is the only authentic historical structure in the central area of Jackson .
Barn removal
In August 2009 work began to dismantle the barn for removal and reconstruction at a new site south of Jackson . The removal of the barn was approved by the town of Jackson , but the town requested that demolition be stopped to allow a review when it was revealed that the town 's list of historic properties did not include the barn , despite its inclusion on the National Register . The owners of the site did not have immediate plans for the property and stated that they wished to `` clean up the block . ''
References
External links
at the National Park Service 's NRHP database
Van Vleck House and Barn at the Wyoming State Historic Preservation Office
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Wyoming
Houses in Teton County , Wyoming
Log cabins in the United States
National Register of Historic Places in Teton County , Wyoming
Log buildings and structures on the National Register of Historic Places in Wyoming
Barns on the National Register of Historic Places in Wyoming
Redstone Castle or Crawford House is a historic building in Manitou Springs , located within the Manitou Springs Historic District .
Overview
It is located on off of Pawnee Avenue and Iron Mountain Road . The large Queen Anne house is made of red sandstone . It was once a bed and breakfast , but is now privately owned .
Dr. Isaac Davis
Dr. Isaac Davis , an English physician , moved to Manitou Springs in 1874 and was one of the city 's founders . He and his family homesteaded the land that Redstone Castle sits on . The father of 15 owned several businesses in town including a shoe store on Canon Avenue and a pharmacy . His health declined significantly after the Stringler trial of the death of a woman from a morphine overdose . The woman 's husband accused the doctor , and he was exonerated . His health continued to decline and as a result he sold his homestead in 1880 or 1881 to two brothers named Davis , but unrelated to the doctor . The purchase agreement included the words : `` Buyer Beware '' and carried a stipulation that the graves of `` early trappers , pioneers , soldiers and vagabonds '' were to be moved to the new Crystal Valley Cemetery .
Davis brothers
The Davis brothers built Redstone Castle in 1890 as a model home for an elite development called Manitou Terrace Estates on Iron Mountain . They published ads to attract the wealthy and established colorful billboards in the east of Garden of the Gods , Pikes Peak and Rainbow Falls . None of the lots sold , however , reputedly because buyers learned that the land was haunted . Some believed this was because some , but not all , of the graves had been moved from the hillside to the Crystal Valley Cemetery .
Hawkins family
The castle was vacant for years . Balem Hawkins was hired as caretaker of the estate and moved in with his family . The family began hearing voices and seeing apparitions . Their dog `` became nervous and high-strung '' . Hawkins shot a crazed dog that had attacked his wife . According to legend , the dog reappeared and the family heard a dog howling and scratching at the doors in the night . They moved out the next morning .
Local legend
It is believed by some local residents that Redstone Castle is haunted by Alice Crawford Snow who was an actress , medium and spiritualist . In 1905 Crawford women , including Madame Crawford and Alice Crawford Snow , began leasing Redstone Castle for the summers and conducting seances . Madame Crawford was claimed to have made contact with her daughter Emma Crawford , of the local annual coffin races ; Emma 's coffin reputedly slid down Red Mountain after a rain . `` In honor of their benevolent specter , Manitou Springs holds annual Coffin Races and a wake for Emma . ''
In 1910 Alice rented the home on her own to prepare for a role as Lady Macbeth in Denver . She dressed in costume and required others to call her Lady Macbeth . As her behavior became increasingly odd , visitors stopped coming to the home and merchants had a hard time finding delivery boys to bring supplies to her . While she lived at the castle , a friend rescued her during a suicide attempt where she had been shooting at ghosts and shot herself ; Attempting to set another ghost on fire , she set fire to her bed clothes . Alice was treated at St. Francis Hospital in Colorado Springs . She left Manitou Springs `` a bitter and despondent woman '' . Many believe her spirit lives on in the castle .
References
Colorado State Register of Historic Properties
Manitou Springs , Colorado
Historic district contributing properties in Colorado
National Register of Historic Places in El Paso County , Colorado
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Colorado
Tarn Valley ( ) is an elevated ice-free valley , long , containing four tarns named after American universities , Yale Tarn , Harvard Tarn , Princeton Tarn , and Penn Tarn , located at the north side of lower Taylor Valley , north of Mount Falconer , in Victoria Land . This valley was visited in the 1965-66 field season by Victoria University of Wellington Antarctic Expedition ( VUWAE ) ( Edward D. Ghent , leader ) which named the tarns . The valley was named in association with the tarns by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names in 1997 .
References
Valleys of Victoria Land
McMurdo Dry Valleys
Koro-ni-O is a village in Fiji , noted as the centre of the country 's hydroelectric industry . The Monasavu Dam hydroelectric scheme , built between 1978 and 1983 , features an 82-meter high earthen dam on the Nanuka River . A 5.4-kilometer long tunnel joins the Wailoa River Power Station to the dam , 625 meters above . At F $ 234 million , it was the most expensive project ever initiated by the Fijian government . The river has an accompanying lake , one of two in Fiji .
Populated places in Fiji
Ba Province
The Justo Briceño Municipality is one of the 23 municipalities ( municipios ) that makes up the Venezuelan state of Mérida and , according to a 2007 population estimate by the National Institute of Statistics of Venezuela , the municipality has a population of 6,472 . The town of Torondoy is the shire town of the Justo Briceño Municipality .
History
On September 23 , 1867 , it was established as Torondoy Civil Parish . In 1904 , Torondoy District was established , comprising the parishes of Piñango , Santa Apolonia and Torondoy . On January 19 , 1935 , Torondoy District was renamed to Gómez District , but this change was short-lived , and in 1936 , it was renamed Justo Briceño District . In 1988 , it separated from the Tulio Febres Cordero Municipality and adopted the name of Justo Briceño Autonomous Municipality , and in 1992 , dropped the title of Autonomous to become Justo Briceño Municipality .
A historical border conflict has existed over the border between the Zulia State and Mérida State parts of town .
Geography
It is a completely mountainous region . Most of the territory lies between 1,150m and 2,000m of altitude , with altitudes exceeding 4,500m near the borders with Rangel and Libertador municipalities , resulting in snowy areas . The average annual temperature is 16 °C ( 60.8 °F ) with average rainfall of 1,250mm . The main waterways include Torondoy , Macumana , Macumpate and Arenoso rivers and El Molino creek .
Demographics
The Justo Briceño Municipality , according to a 2007 population estimate by the National Institute of Statistics of Venezuela , has a population of 6,472 ( up from 5,355 in 2000 ) . This amounts to 0.8 % of the state 's population . The municipality 's population density is .
Government
The mayor of the Justo Briceño Municipality is Víctor Luis Matheus López , re-elected on October 31 , 2004 , with 51 % of the vote . The municipality is divided into two parishes ; Capital Justo Briceño and San Cristóbal de Torondoy .
See also
Torondoy
Mérida
Municipalities of Venezuela
References
External links
justobriceno-merida.gob.ve
Municipalities of Mérida ( state )
ProBoards is a free , remotely hosted message board service that facilitates online discussions by allowing people to create their own online communities .
Ownership and service statistics
ProBoards was founded and is owned by Patrick Clinger , who wrote the ProBoards software .
The service hosts over 3,000,000 internet forums , which in turn have approximately 22,800,000 users worldwide . Currently , all ProBoards forums combined receive a total of over 600 million pageviews per month , making ProBoards one of the largest websites on the Internet .
However , according to Techcrunch.com writer Anthony Ha , those numbers have seemingly dropped . In an interview , founder/owner Patrick Clinger stated `` ProBoards has been used to create 3.5 million forums '' , but about 1.2 million of them are still active ( i.e . resulting in the occasional page view ) .
Software history
Proboards is coded in Perl , a popular programming language with web developers . Previously , due to the remotely hosted nature of the service , users could not modify the software directly as with some forum systems , but some customisation was possible through the use of CSS or JavaScript codes . With the release of v.5 , however , ProBoards gives Administrators and certain other members access to the HTML and CSS of the webpage , for easier coding purposes .
The first day of business for ProBoards was January 1 , 2000 . At first , ProBoards originally used software created by the owner , Patrick Clinger . In late 2001 , though , ProBoards switched to the YaBB system . At the same time , other changes to the service made it the first remotely hosted service to offer a subdomain with each forum ( e.g . username.proboards [ servernumber ] .com )
On June 11 , 2002 , ProBoards Version 2 was launched . This was coded by Clinger and was a rewrite of the entire software rather than improvements to the existing YaBB based setup . The main goals of this rewrite were to improve the overall speed of the software and add new features to keep the product competitive .
In February 2003 , version 3 of the ProBoards software was released , again making improvements on the overall speed of the software and including over 30 new features .
ProBoards upgraded to version 4 of its software on April 30 , 2005 . This time , the upgrade added over 100 new features and enhancements to the service . Despite this , bugs of varying levels of severity still existed .
The current version of the software is v5 .
ProBoards ' servers - physical machines running the ProBoards software - are hosted by SoftLayer . Previous to November 2010 , ProBoards was hosted by ThePlanet.com , and previous to 2006 , EV1 Servers . The servers are hosted in multiple SoftLayer datacenters in Texas .
In 2005 , Patrick Clinger was invited by EV1 Servers to take part in a commercial for their business . The commercial opened with a voiceover introducing Clinger as the owner of ProBoards.com , and he then gave a testimonial about how EV1 's hosting benefited ProBoards . The commercial was shown at the 2005 Houston Bowl . Since 2007 , EV1 no longer exists as a webhost , having merged with The Planet .
As of March 2009 , the server numbers ( boardname.proboards # # .com ) no longer need to be used due to a recent change that allows every ProBoards forum to be accessed without a server number in the URL . ( For example , boardname.proboards.com )
Due to the advent of Facebook , ProBoards transitioned into a social network and forum service hybrid with the introduction of version 5 .
Hosting
Although a number of subscription style features are optionally available , there is no obligation for any user to purchase anything from ProBoards . Forums are hosted for free , with no bandwidth or webspace cap , provided users allow advertisements to be displayed on their forum .
Until September 2003 , ProBoards was supported by popunders , but these were discontinued in favor of less intrusive methods of advertising . Currently a typical forum will contain a Google AdSense banner ad and some small text links on every page . ProBoards also sells advertising directly to users through a selfserve system .
ProBoards also has an agreement with a third party chatroom provider , addonInteractive , to provide Java-based chatrooms to users . Each forum admin can activate a free version of the chat on their forum , with paid upgrades available for busy forums . The chats integrate fully with forum accounts .
Policies
ProBoards users are bound by a number of Terms of Service , restricting the type of content which may appear on a ProBoards forum . ProBoards prohibits illegal or adult content . Formerly , only English forums were allowed , but in May 2010 this policy was changed , allowing boards to be created in any language . In addition to content policies , Proboards terms also seemingly prohibit the use of `` ad-blocking '' technology when accessing its services .
User privacy is protected by a Privacy Policy outlining the use of logged information , as well as cookie policy , forum monitoring , and publicly available information .
The US COPPA law is enforced by requiring all users to enter their date of birth on registration . Users aged under 13 are not permitted to register at any ProBoards forum . According to the Terms of Service , any user under the age of 18 also requires parental permission to register , but this is taken as implied when they accept the registration agreement and not verified .
ProBoards allows users to apply affiliate marketing practices to monetize their communities via a partnership with VigLink announced January 2014 . This partnership allows any ProBoards forum managers or creators to generate revenue from traffic with VigLink Insert .
References
External links
ProBoards official website
ProBoards Blog
Internet forum hosting
The following list of organizations possess the capability to conduct Special Reconnaissance ( SR ) and other special operations roles , with SR often by specialists within them . Certain organizations are tasked for response involving areas contaminated by chemicals , biological agents , or radioactivity .
Current
Albania
Special Operations Battalion ( Albania ) ( BOS )
Algeria
Groupe d'Intervention Spécial ( GIS )
Australia
Special Air Service Regiment ( SASR )
2nd Commando Regiment
Brazil
Parachute Infantry Brigade ( Brigada de Infantaria Pára-quedista )
Special Operations Command ( Comando de Operações Especiais )
Marine Special Operations Battalion ( Batalhão de Operações Especiais de Fuzileiros Navais , Batalhão Tonelero )
Bulgaria
68th Special Operations Brigade with Special Operations Battalion
Canada
Joint Task Force 2 ( JTF2 ) , the Canadian Forces ' special operations and counter-terrorism unit
Canadian Special Operations Regiment ( CSOR )
China
People 's Liberation Army Special Operations Forces
Guangzhou Military Region Special Forces Unit - Established in 1988 as the PLA 's first special reconnaissance group , and was later expanded in 2000 to become the first PLA special operations unit to be capable of air , sea , and land operations .
Chengdu Military Region Special Forces Unit – Nickname “ Falcon ” . Established in 1992 , this unit is specialised in target locating and indicating , airborne insertion , sabotage and offensive strike , and emergency evacuation . The unit was also used by Chengdu MR to experiment with various new concept equipment and tactics , including the digitised army soldier system and high-mobility land weapon platforms .
Beijing Military Region Special Forces Unit - Established in the early 1990s , this unit is equipped with various “ high-tech ” equipment including unmanned aerial reconnaissance vehicle ( UARV ) , individual explosion device , handheld laser dazzling weapon , etc .
Shenyang Military Region Special Forces Unit
Nanjing Military Region Special Forces Unit - Nickname “ Flying Dragon ”
Nanjing Military Region Special Forces Unit - Nickname “ Eagle ”
Lanzhou Military Region Special Forces Unit
Czech Republic
102nd Reconnaissance Battalion of General Karel Palecek
601st Special Forces Group
Denmark
Jægerkorpset ( Danish Army )
Frømandskorpset ( Royal Danish Navy )
Special Support and Reconnaissance Company ( Danish Home Guard )
France
1st Marine Infantry Parachute Regiment
13th Parachute Dragoon Regiment
Commando de Penfentenyo
India
Special Frontier Force
MARCOS
Para Commandos ( India )
Garud Commando Force
Indonesia
Kopassus
Combat Reconnaissance Platoon ( Ton Taipur )
Taifib
Kopaska
Ireland
Army Ranger Wing ( ARW )
Directorate of Military Intelligence
Israel
Sayeret Matkal
Shayetet 13
Shaldag Unit
Maglan
Italy
185º Reggimento paracadutisti ricognizione acquisizione obiettivi - Esercito Italiano
Netherlands
Korps Commandotroepen
New Zealand
New Zealand Special Air Service ( NZSAS )
Norway
Forsvarets Spesialkommando - Army SOF
Marinejegerkommandoen - Navy SOF
Philippines
Light Reaction Regiment
Special Operations Command
Scout Ranger Regiment
Philippine Marine Corps
Naval Special Operations Command
Marine Special Operations Group
Special Forces Regiment ( Airborne )
Special Action Force of the Philippine National Police
Poland
Jednostka Wojskowa Grom
Jednostka Wojskowa Komandosów
Jednostka Wojskowa Formoza
Jednostka Wojskowa Agat
Jednostka Wojskowa Nil
2 Hrubieszowski Pułk Rozpoznawczy
9 Warmiński Pułk Rozpoznawczy
Portugal
Special Operations Force of the Portuguese Army
Air-Land Pathfinders Company of the Portuguese Army
Special Actions Detachment of the Portuguese Navy
Russia
Spetsnaz
Federal Security Service `` FSB ''
Alpha Group Directorate `` A '' of the FSB Special Purpose Center ( TsSN FSB ) is an elite , stand-alone sub-unit of Russia 's special forces .
Vympel Group Directorate `` B '' Vympel Group is an elite Russian spetsnaz unit under the command of the FSB . ( TsSN FSB )
Armed Forces of the Russian Federation
Spetsnaz GRU 2nd , 3rd , 10th , 14th , 16th , 24th , and 25th Spetsnaz Brigade ( obrSpN )
45th Detached Reconnaissance Regiment Spetsnaz VDV ( orpSpN )
Russian commando frogmen 42nd , 420th , 431st , and 561st Naval Reconnaissance Spetsnaz Point ( omrpSpN )
Voennaya Razvedka `` Military intelligence '' personnel/units within larger formations in ground troops , airborne troops and marines . Intelligence battalion in the divisions , reconnaissance company in the brigade , a reconnaissance platoon in the regiment . The same level of training as Spetsnaz GRU but not controlled by the GRU . A bat is their mascot .
Sri Lanka
Special Forces Regiment
Special Boat Squadron
Sweden
Fallskärmsjägarna
Ukraine
140th Separate Reconnaissance Battalion of Ukrainian Naval Infantry
United Kingdom
Special Air Service
Special Boat Service
Special Reconnaissance Regiment
Pathfinder Platoon of 16 Air Assault Brigade
Brigade Reconnaissance Force , 3 Commando Brigades
4/73 ( Sphinx ) Special Observation Post Battery RA
Honourable Artillery Company
148 ( Meiktila ) Battery Royal Artillery
United States
Central Intelligence Agency Special Activities Division ( SAD )
Federal Bureau of Investigation
FBI Hostage Rescue Team
FBI SWAT
75th Ranger Regiment
75th Ranger Regiment , Regimental Reconnaissance Company ( RRC )
US Army Pathfinders
Long Range Surveillance Units ( LRS )
United States Army Special Forces ( Green Berets )
United States Army SOT-A ( Special Operations Team-Alpha )
United States Army Special Reconnaissance Platoons
Marine-Navy Special Operations Reconnaissance ( SOR )
1st Special Forces Operational Detachment-Delta ( Delta Force or Combat Applications Group )
Intelligence Support Activity
United States Navy SEALs
United States Naval Special Warfare Development Group ( DEVGRU )
Air Force Special Tactics Combat Controllers
Air Force Special Reconnaissance ( SR )
United States Marine Corps Forces Special Operations Command ( MARSOC )
United States Marine Corps Force Reconnaissance
United States Marine Corps Reconnaissance Battalions
United States Marine Corps Radio Reconnaissance Platoons
United States Marine Corps Scout Snipers
Historical
Nazi Germany
Brandenburger Regiment
United Kingdom
Special Operations Executive a more direct action organization , but conducted some reconnaissance . Espionage was under the continuing Secret Intelligence Service
United States
Office of Strategic Services
2671st Special Reconnaissance Battalion
Australia
Services Reconnaissance Department
Combined Field Intelligence Service ( Coastwatchers )
Allied Intelligence Bureau
References
Intelligence gathering disciplines
CPU is a computer 's central processing unit .
CPU may also refer to :
Science and technology
Carboxypeptidase B2 , a human enzyme
Critical Patch Update , software updates in Oracle products such as Oracle Database and Java
Organisations
Caribbean Postal Union , an association of postal ( post office ) administrators in the Caribbean region
Central Philippine University
Central Policy Unit , a head advisory unit to the Chief Executive of Hong Kong
Central Police University , a police academy in Taiwan
China Pharmaceutical University
Clark Public Utilities , a public electric and water utility located in Clark County , Washington
Columbia Pacific University , former unaccredited distance learning school in California
Commonwealth Press Union , an association of newspapers and news agencies
Communist Party of Ukraine
Computer Professionals ' Union , an organization of information and technology professionals , practitioners , and workers in the Philippines
Contract postal unit , any contracted affiliate of the United States Postal Service
Conférence des Présidents d'Université , an organization of university presidents in France
Other uses
Console Patron Units , the goddesses in Hyperdimension Neptunia
Maniyankode Padmaprabha Veerendra Kumar ( 22 July 1937 — 28 May 2020 ) was an Indian politician , writer and journalist , who was a member of the 14th Lok Sabha . He was a member of the Loktantrik Janata Dal political party and president of the Kerala state branch of the party . He was also the chairman and managing director of the Malayalam daily newspaper Mathrubhumi .
Life
Veerendra Kumar was born on 22 July 1937 to Marudevi Avva and M. K. Padmaprabha Goudar , a leader of Socialist Party and former MLA , in Kalpetta . The eldest of their eight children , he had six younger sisters and a younger brother . After schooling in Kalpetta and Kozhikode , he did his master 's in philosophy from the Ramakrishna Mission Vivekananda College .
As a politician , he was treasurer and a national committee member of the former Samyukta Socialist Party , state secretary of the Kerala Unit of the Socialist Party , one of the all India secretaries of the former Socialist Party , convener of the Opposition Co-ordination Committee in Kerala , vice president of the former Janata Party , and its president . He was arrested during The Emergency . From 1987–91 he was a member of the Kerala Legislative Assembly . Later , in 1996 he was elected to the Lok Sabha , lower house of the Parliament of India from Kozhikode constituency and served as Union Minister of State for Finance in Deve Gowde Ministry from 21 February 1997 to 7 June 1997.He was also served as Union Minister of State for Labour ( Independent charge ) with additional charges as Minister of State , Urban Affairs & Employment ( Independent charges ) and Parliamentary Affairs in I.K.Gujral Ministry from 10 June 1997to March .
He died on 28 May 2020 due to cardiac arrest at Kozhikode in Kerala . He was aged 83 when he died , and was suffering from many age-related illnesses . He was cremated with full state honours at the premises of his ancestral home in Kalpetta . He is survived by his wife Usha , daughters Asha , Nisha and Jayalakshmi , son M.V . Sreyamskumar ( Also a politician , currently serving as the Managing Director of Mathrubhumi ) , and many grandchildren .
Publications
His works as an author include :
Samanwayathinte Vasantham
Buddhante Chiri
Gattum Kanacharadukalum
Atmavilekkoru Theerthayathra
Prathibhayute Verukal Thedi
Changampuzha : Vidhiyute Vettamrigam
Thirinjhunokkumbol
Lokavyapara Samkhadanayum Oorakkudukkukalum ( Gattinu Seshamulla Oranweshanam )
Roshathinte Vithukal
Adhinivesathinte Adiyozhukukal
Hymavathabhoovil
Ramantedhukkam
Vivekanandan : Sanyasiyum Manushyanum
Awards
V. R. Krishnan Ezhuthachan Janmasadabdi Award ( 2009 )
Kendra Sahitya Academy Award ( 2010 ) - for Haimavatha bhoovil
References
|-
|-
External links
1936 births
2020 deaths
India MPs 2004–2009
Malayali politicians
People from Wayanad district
Malayalam-language journalists
India MPs 1996–1997
Lok Sabha members from Kerala
Samyukta Socialist Party politicians
Janata Dal ( United ) politicians
Janata Dal politicians
Rajya Sabha members from Kerala
Loktantrik Janata Dal politicians
Socialist Janata ( Democratic ) politicians
Venezuelans of Slovene descent , also Slovene Venezuelans ( ) number around 1,000 .
History
The first Slovenians arrived in Venezuela between the two World Wars , although in a small number , estimated at about 50 people . After World War II small Slovenian community of about 500 members has been formed , which settled between 1947 and 1953 , mostly from Primorska . This emigration was motivated by the dissatisfaction with the economic conditions and partly with the political conditions , and by the existing ties with the Slovenes in Venezuela . Based on different sources and testimonies , it is estimated that up to 1960 between 550 and 800 Slovenians arrived in Venezuela .
Most of the Slovenes settled in Caracas and in smaller numbers in Valencia , Maracay , Maracaibo and Acarigua . In 1958 the Slovenian priest Janez Grilc arrived in Venezuela from Argentina , who proved to be an excellent organizer . That same year began the masses in Slovene , also the pilgrimages with marked national qualities , they were followed the social and cultural meetings . In 1966 , the association was formally founded in Caracas , Sv . Ciril in Metod `` , whose events were between 100 and 150 people . They organize pilgrimages , during St. Nicholas Day and the commemoration of the independence of Slovenia . At that time , they formed the Asociación Eslovena ( Slovenian Association ) that continues active until the present , which propitiates an annual meeting in Valencia in which a pilgrimage is realized and a mass is officiated . Due to the small number of Slovenian residents , a cultural center of their own did not exist , so they participated in the events and celebrations of the Hogar Croata de Caracas ( Croatian Club ) .
From April 1959 onwards the newspaper `` Življenje - Vida '' was published , with religious and informative themes .
Notable people
Ladislv Blatnik , shoes entrepreneur .
Janez Grilc , priest .
Princess Tatiana of Greece and Denmark .
Danilo Žerjal , discus thrower and hammer thrower .
References
External links
- Los Eslovenos en Venezuela
- Eslovenos en Venezuela
European Venezuelan
Venezuelan
Damjan Jakimovski ( born November 14 , 1995 ) is a Macedonian professional basketball point guard for Karpoš Sokoli in the Macedonian First League .
External links
aba-liga Profile
FIBA Profile
RealGM Profile
BGbasket Profile
Eurobasket Profile
References
1995 births
Living people
ABA League players
Macedonian men 's basketball players
Sportspeople from Skopje
Point guards
Jack McCormack may refer to :
Jack McCormack ( Australian rules footballer ) ( 1904–1966 ) , Australian rules footballer
Jack McCormack ( rugby league ) ( 1904–1996 ) , Australian rugby league player
See also
John McCormack ( disambiguation )
This table shows an overview of the protected heritage sites in the Walloon town Hastière . This list is part of Belgium 's national heritage .
| }
See also
List of protected heritage sites in Namur ( province )
References
Belgian heritage register : Direction générale opérationnelle - Aménagement du territoire , Logement , Patrimoine et Energie ( DG4 )
www.dglive.be
Hastiere
Drey Matthew Jameson ( born August 17 , 1997 ) is an American professional baseball pitcher for the Arizona Diamondbacks of Major League Baseball ( MLB ) .
Born and raised in Greenfield , Indiana , Jameson played two years of college baseball at Ball State University . The Diamondbacks selected him in the first round of the 2019 MLB draft and he played in their minor league system before making his MLB debut in 2022 .
Amateur career
Jameson attended Greenfield-Central High School in Greenfield , Indiana . In 2017 , his senior year , he went 6–1 with a 0.65 ERA . He went unselected in the 2017 Major League Baseball draft and thus enrolled at Ball State University where he played college baseball for the Ball State Cardinals .
In 2018 , Jameson 's freshman season at Ball State , he went 7–2 with a 3.88 ERA over 18 games ( 12 starts ) . He was awarded Mid-American Conference ( MAC ) Freshman Pitcher of the Year . As a sophomore in 2019 , he started 16 games and pitched to a 6–3 record with a 3.24 ERA and 146 strikeouts over innings and was named the MAC Pitcher of the Year .
Professional career
Jameson was selected by the Arizona Diamondbacks in the first round with the 34th overall pick of the 2019 Major League Baseball draft . He signed for $ 1.4 million and was assigned to the Hillsboro Hops of the Class A-Short Season Northwest League . Over innings , he gave up eight earned runs , 14 hits , and nine walks , striking out 12 . He did not play a minor league game in 2020 due to the cancellation of the minor league season caused by the COVID-19 pandemic . To begin the 2021 season , he returned to Hillsboro , now members of the High-A West . After starting 12 games and pitching to a 2–4 record with a 3.92 ERA and 77 strikeouts over innings , he was promoted to the Amarillo Sod Poodles of the Double-A Central in late July . Over eight starts with Amarillo , Jameson went 3-2 with a 4.08 ERA and 68 strikeouts over innings .
Jameson returned to Amarillo to begin the 2022 season . After posting a 2.41 ERA over innings , he was promoted to the Reno Aces of the Triple-A Pacific Coast League . Over 21 starts with Reno , Jameson went 5-12 with a 6.95 ERA and 109 strikeouts over 114 innings .
On September 15 , 2022 , the Diamondbacks selected Jameson 's contract and promoted him to the major leauges . He made his MLB debut that night as Arizona 's starting pitcher versus the San Diego Padres , earning the win after throwing seven scoreless innings in which he allowed no runs , one walk , and two hits in a 4-0 Diamondbacks win .
References
External links
Ball State Cardinals bio
1997 births
Living people
People from Greenfield , Indiana
Baseball players from Indiana
Major League Baseball pitchers
Arizona Diamondbacks players
Ball State Cardinals baseball players
Hillsboro Hops players
Amarillo Sod Poodles players
Reno Aces players
The pétanque competitions at the 2019 Southeast Asian Games in the Philippines were held at the Royce Hotel and Casino at the Clark Freeport Zone in Mabalacat , Pampanga between 2 and 6 December 2019 .
Medal table
Medalists
Men
Women
References
External links
2019 Southeast Asian Games events
Pétanque at the Southeast Asian Games
The 1970 Rose Bowl was the 56th edition of the college football bowl game , played at the Rose Bowl in Pasadena , California , on Thursday , January 1 . The USC Trojans , champions of the Pacific-8 Conference , defeated the Michigan Wolverines , champions of the Big Ten Conference , USC flanker Bob Chandler scored the only touchdown and was named the Player of the Game .
Teams
Michigan
After early season losses to # 9 Missouri and unranked Michigan State , the Wolverines won four straight games before their showdown with heavily-favored and top-ranked Ohio State for the Big Ten championship . Michigan shocked the college football world by upsetting the top-ranked Buckeyes 24–12 to tie for the conference title and receive the Rose Bowl bid . ( Ohio State was ineligible anyway because of the Big Ten 's `` no repeat '' rule , which was rescinded in 1971 . )
Just days before the Rose Bowl , first-year head coach Bo Schembechler , age forty , suffered a mild heart attack and had to miss the game ; defensive coordinator Jim Young was the acting head coach .
USC
Aided by a pass interference penalty on fourth down followed by a controversial last-minute touchdown , USC earned the Rose Bowl berth with a 14–12 win over rival UCLA in their regular season finale . The only blemish on their record was a at Notre Dame in mid-October . The Trojans were making their record fourth consecutive Rose Bowl appearance , as the Pac-8 did not have a `` no repeat '' rule .
Game summary
The score was tied at 3–3 at halftime . With three minutes to play in the third quarter , USC quarterback Jimmy Jones threw a 33-yard touchdown pass to Bob Chandler to give the Trojans a A scoreless fourth quarter ensured the USC victory .
Scoring
First quarter
USC – Ron Ayala 25-yard field goal
Second quarter
Michigan – Tim Killian , 20-yard field goal
Third quarter
USC – Bob Chandler , 33-yard pass from Jimmy Jones ( Ron Ayala kick )
Fourth quarter
No scoring
Statistics
{ | class=wikitable style= '' text-align : center ''
! Statistics ! ! USC ! ! Michigan
|-
|align=left|First downs ||16||20
|-
|align=left|Rushing yards||195||162
|-
|align=left|Passing yards||128 ||127
|-
|align=left|Passes||10–18–0||14–32–1
|-
|align=left|Total yards ||323||289
|-
|align=left|Punts–average||5–41||6–36
|-
|align=left|Fumbles lost ||0 || 0
|-
|align=left|Turnovers by ||0||1
|-
|align=left|Yards penalized||38||20
|-
| }
Aftermath
USC finished the year undefeated with one tie , earning a # 3 ranking behind undefeated and untied # 1 Texas and # 2 Penn State . Chandler went on to play for the NFL for 11 years with the Buffalo Bills and the Oakland Raiders . Michigan finished and was ranked 9th in the AP poll ( released in January ) and 8th in the UPI poll ( released after the regular season in early December ) .
References
External links
Summary at Bentley Historical Library , University of Michigan Athletics History
Rose Bowl
Rose Bowl Game
Michigan Wolverines football bowl games
USC Trojans football bowl games
Rose Bowl
Rose Bowl
The Rhino Passive Infrared Defeat System ( also known simply as Rhino ) was an early detonation Counter-IED system . It was mounted to the front of a vehicle and used heat to prematurely detonate any hidden improvised explosive devices ( IEDs ) while the vehicle was at a safe distance away from the blast . It was developed by the Joint Improvised-Threat Defeat Organization ( JIEDDO ) in 2006 during the war in Iraq to counter the rise of IED-related deaths .
Inspiration
During the Iraq War , the rising number of troops killed and wounded by underbelly IEDs buried by insurgents in the middle of the road prompted the U.S. military to funnel billions of dollars into the development of several countermeasures to either detect the explosive or minimize the damage . However , the frequent delays in producing and delivering these countermeasures to Iraq lead to shortages in effective IED-defeating technology . As a result , several soldiers on the battlefield ended up improvising their own solutions that took advantage of how the passive infrared sensors on the IEDs reacted to heat signatures . One unnamed soldier proposed mounting a large hair dryer to the front of the vehicle to blow hot air on the road to prematurely set off any hidden IEDs and clear the path . Another soldier supposedly purchased a toaster at a bazaar , plugged the appliance into his Humvee , and attached it to the end of a long pole that was welded to the front of the vehicle . These and other similar ideas led JIEDDO to develop Rhino in 2006 , one of their earliest innovations .
The initial design consisted of a glow plug that was placed inside a metal ammunition can , which was then attached to a 10 ft long metal pole with the other end mounted onto the front of a vehicle . The glow plug acted as a heat decoy , which triggered any nearby IED 's infrared sensor prematurely and fired the copper explosively formed penetrator ( EFP ) slug at the Rhino instead of the vehicle behind it . The countermeasure proved to be a success at the time as U.S. forces found that the Rhino could not only take the impact of an EFP but also , in rare cases , continue working afterwards .
Changes
Despite the favorable outcome of the Rhino 's initial run , insurgents soon began making modifications to the IEDs to account for this countermeasure . Within six weeks , the aim of the EFP was adjusted so that the slug was fired 10 feet back from the Rhino to hit the vehicle . In response , JIEDDO and researchers at the Army Research Laboratory in Adelphi , Maryland designed and developed the Rhino II , which came with a telescoping pole whose length could be adjusted to change the position of the heat decoy . More than 16,000 Rhino II devices were deployed to the U.S. Army and Marines in Iraq by the end of 2008 , costing around $ 1,800 each to produce . Before long , the Rhino II was featured on almost every U.S. vehicle in Iraq . However , by 2010 , newer IEDs began to use high-powered radio waves from coalition jammers instead of heat signatures to set of the EFP as a countermeasure against Rhino II . Currently , more than 34,000 Rhino gadgets have been deployed to U.S. troops overseas .
References
Military technology
Disaster preparedness
Electronic warfare
War on terror
Weapons countermeasures
Alexandre Théodore Dézamy ( 4 March 1808 – 24 July 1850 ) was a French socialist , a representative of the Neo-Babouvist tendency in early French communism , along with Albert Laponneraye , Richard Lahautière , Jacques Pillot and others . He was also an early associate of Louis-Auguste Blanqui . He and his colleagues formed a link between the extreme left wing of the French Revolution ( Babeuf ) and Marxism .
Life
Alexandre Théodore Dézamy was born in Luçon ( Vendée ) . He worked as a schoolteacher in Luçon before moving to Paris in the 1830s , where he became superintendent of a rooming house . Dézamy had already been developing ideas for a reorganisation of society on republican , communalistic and collectivist principles . He admired Gracchus Babeuf and Philippe Buonarroti and was influenced by the writing of the utopian communist Étienne Cabet . In Paris he joined Cabet 's association and for a time worked as his secretary . He also contributed to Cabet 's journal Le Populaire . Dézamy also made contact with several revolutionary secret societies . In particular , he joined the 'Society of the Season ' of Auguste Blanqui and Armand Barbès , which carried out an unsuccessful insurrection in 1839 . Blanqui and Barbès went to prison , where they became enemies . Dézamy was arrested but in 1840 , he was free and collaborated with Jacques Pillot and others in organising the first communist banquet at Belleville . ( Banquets were a common way of circumventing prohibitions against political demonstrations , with oppositional speeches disguised as toasts ; in the 1840s , republican opponents of the Orléanist monarchy organised a nationwide campaign of banquets , but most were liberal in orientation . )
Dézamy subsequently broke with Cabet , whom he considered too opportunistic and reformist ; instead of appealing to the bourgeoisie for sympathy with the proletariat , as Cabet was doing , Dézamy thought the workers should organise themselves and achieve their own liberation . Instead of hoping for reforms from a benevolent monarch , workers should support a revolution and the establishment of a unitary , centralised , egalitarian republic . Dézamy also deplored Cabet 's religiosity , seeing the Church as an enemy of the people . He envisaged a republic of federated communes , each comprising about 10,000 people and combining industrial , agricultural and cultural work . Private property was to be abolished ; work was to be assigned on the basis of ability ; goods were to be distributed on the basis of need . Dézamy combined this social system with militant anti-clericalism , atheism and a materialist metaphysics derived from d'Holbach . Dézamy called his system 'unitary communism ' and propagated it in his own journal , L'Égalitaire . In 1842 he published his best-known book , Code de la Communauté . In The Holy Family ( 1844 ) , Karl Marx and Friedrich Engels wrote that 'the more scientific French Communists , Dézamy , Gay and others , developed the teaching of materialism as the teaching of real humanism and the logical basis of communism . '
In 1846 , Dézamy founded his own association , the 'Egalitarian Communists ' . They devoted themselves to revolutionary propaganda and education among workers , in preparation for a revolution and the establishment of a communitarian society . They also tried to combat the influence of religious and reformist communists like Cabet and Lamennais . When the Revolution of 1848 occurred , Dézamy joined the newly liberated Blanqui in founding the 'Central Republican Society ' , one of the most radical republican socialist clubs of the period . Dézamy also launched a new journal , Les Droits de l'Homme , with the slogan : 'Liberty , Equality , Fraternity , Association , Alliance of Peoples ' . He also stood for elections to the National Assembly .
Louis Bonaparte became President in 1849 and the Second Republic took an increasingly conservative turn , with the Second Empire looming on the horizon . Dézamy returned to Luçon , where he died , aged 42 . Besides Babeuf and Cabet , his ideas were also influenced by the eighteenth-century utopians Morelly and Mably and by Charles Fourier .
Works
Dézamy 's works are not generally available in English . His French works include :
Question proposée par l'Académie des sciences morales et politiques : les nations avancent plus en connaissances , en lumières qu'en morale pratique ... Paris , L.-E. Herhan et Bimont , 1839 .
Conséquences de l'embastillement et de la paix à tout prix , dépopulation de la capitale , trahison du pouvoir . Paris , 1840 .
M. Lamennais réfuté par lui-même , ou Examen critique du livre intitulé `` Du passé et de l'avenir du peuple '' . Paris , 1841 .
Code de la communauté . Paris , Prévost , Rouannet , 1842 .
Calomnies et politique de M. Cabet . Réfutation par des faits et par sa biographie . Paris , Prévost , 1842 .
Dialogue sur la réforme électorale entre un communiste , un réformiste , un doctrinaire , un légitimiste . Paris , Prévot , 1842 .
Le Jésuitisme vaincu et anéanti par le socialisme , ou les Constitutions des Jésuites et leurs instructions secrètes en parallèle avec un projet d'organisation du travail . Paris , 1845 .
Examen critique des huit discours sur le catholicisme et la philosophie , prononcés à Notre-Dame , en décembre 1844 et en janvier 1845 , par M. l'abbé Lacordaire ; précédé d'une notice historique sur l'ordre des Dominicains et de la biographie de M. l'abbé Lacordaire , Paris , les libraires , 1845 , 35 pages
Organisation de la liberté et du bien-être universel ... Paris , Guarin , 1846 .
Sources
Billington , J.H. , Fire in the minds of men : origins of the revolutionary faith . New Jersey , 2009 .
The great Soviet Encyclopedia . Moscow , 1979 .
Bravo , G.M. , Les Socialistes avant Marx . Paris , Éditions Maspero , Petite collection Maspero , 1979 .
Tumminelli , R. , Dézamy e l'utopia sociale . Milan , A. Giuffrè , 1984 .
Maillard , A. , La communauté des Égaux . Le communisme néo-babouviste dans la France des années 1840 . Paris , Kimé , 1999 .
Angenot , C. , Les Grands récits militants du XIXe et XXe siècles . Religions de l'humanité et sciences de l'histoire . Paris , L'Harmattan , 2000 .
Garaudy , R. , Les Sources françaises du Socialisme scientifique . Paris , 1948 .
Notes
1808 births
1850 deaths
French socialists
French communists
Neo-Babouvism
19th-century French journalists
French male journalists
19th-century male writers
Public News Service ( usually shortened to PNS ) was launched in 1996 by journalist Lark Corbeil in Idaho . Today , PNS has 37 state-based news services that provide multi-platform content for free to news outlets as a way to advocate journalism in the public interest .
History
Following the 1996 Telecommunications Act , which allowed for media cross-ownership , Corbeil founded Public News Service as an avenue to examine and reach rural areas .
In May 2017 , Dan Heyman , a PNS producer in West Virginia , was arrested at the state capitol for asking former Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price a question in an “ aggressive manner. ” Heyman was jailed and charged for willful disruption of state government processes . In September 2017 , the misdemeanor charge against Heyman was dropped after “ a careful review ” by the Kanawha County prosecutor 's office .
In 2019 , PNS , in collaboration with the Pacifica Foundation , developed `` 2020Talks , '' a daily three-minute newscast covering the 2020 election primaries , leading up to the Iowa Caucuses .
Funding
Public News Service , a certified B Corporation , is funded by grants , gifts , some media contributions , and memberships from individuals , foundations , non-profit organizations and socially responsibly businesses .
References
External Links
Benefit corporations
1996 establishments in Idaho
Mass media companies established in 1996
Companies based in Boulder , Colorado
B Lab-certified corporations
Aroma Rural LLG is a local-level government ( LLG ) of Central Province , Papua New Guinea .
Wards
01 . Paramana
02 . Pelagai
03 . Maopa
04 . Gaivakalana
05 . Waro/Iruone
06 . Kelekapana
07 . Wairavanua
08 . Vuru
09 . Kelerakwa
10 . Bukuku
11 . Upulima
12 . Waiori
13 . Wanigela
14 . Gavuone
15 . Kapari
16 . Lalaura
84 . Kupiano Urban
References
Local-level governments of Central Province ( Papua New Guinea )
ShruthiUK is a Solihull-based non-profit South Asian arts and culture organisation .
About the organisation
It was established in 2005 by Dr. Chithra Ramakrishnan in Leeds . It is primarily operational in West Midlands .
According to its website , it works with children and young adults to develop exposure to and recognition of the Indian Culture through music and dance . It also provides comprehensive training in South Indian Classical Dance and Music to members of the surrounding community .
British Carnatic Choir
In June 2015 , ShruthiUK launched a first of its kind Carnatic Choir group with the aim of creating and exploring choral singing in the South Indian classical music genre .
Birmingham Thyagaraja Festival
ShruthiUK also organizes the annual Birmingham Thyagaraja Festival , a Carnatic music festival in Solihull . The festival brings together aspiring singers , musicians and dancers performing the songs , rhythms and teachings of Saint Thyagaraja , a prominent Indian composer of Carnatic classical music .
References
External links
Official Site
Organizations established in 2005
Pandemis xylophyes is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae . It is found in Madagascar .
References
Moths described in 1960
Pandemis
Zaruiyeh-ye Sofla ( , also Romanized as Zārū'īyeh-ye Soflá ; also known as Zārū'īyeh and Zārū'īyeh-ye Pā'īn ) is a village in Jowzam Rural District , Dehaj District , Shahr-e Babak County , Kerman Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 76 , in 15 families .
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Otilonium bromide , sold under the trade name Spasmomen among others , is an antimuscarinic and calcium channel blocker used to relieve spasmodic pain of the gut , especially in irritable bowel syndrome .
Medical uses
A pooled analysis of three clinical trials suggest that otilonium is more effective than placebo for the treatment of irritable bowel syndrome .
Pharmacology
Otilinium binds to both muscarinic receptors and tachykinin NK2 receptors . It has been shown to inhibit L-type and T-type calcium channels , actions which may contribute to or determine its effects in the gut .
When taken orally , very little of the drug is absorbed into the rest of the body , which means that most of its actions remain confined to the gastrointestinal system .
References
Muscarinic antagonists
Quaternary ammonium compounds
Phenol ethers
Benzanilides
4-Aminobenzoate esters
Bromides
An incomplete list of schools in Ghent .
G
Ghent
De Letterdoos
Atheneum Wispelberg
Basisschool De Mozaiek
Basisschool Frans van Ryhove
Basisschool Het Klaverblad
Bibliotheekschool
Bollekensschool
BSGO Oefenschool Gent
BuSO Sint-Gerardus
CBE
Crombeeninstituut
De Harp
De Kolibrie
De La Sallecollege Gent-Centrum
De Loods
De Panda
De Vlieger
De Wijze Boom Sint-Amandsberg
De Wingerd
EDUGO Scholengemeenschap
Gaspard de Colignyschool
Handelsschool Coupure
Het Trappenhuis
Hogeschool Gent
Industrieel Ingenieur BME-CTL
Instituut Bert Carlier
Instituut van Gent
International School Ghent
Katholieke Hogeschool voor Lerarenopleiding en Bedrijfsmanagement
Koninklijk Atheneum Gent
Kunstsecundair Instituut Sint-Lucas Gent
Methodeschool De Appelaar
MSGO III Gent
Nieuwen Bosch
Nieuwen Bosch Basisschool
Onze Lieve Vrouw Instituut
Provinciaal Centrum voor Volwassenenonderwijs
Provinicaal Instituut voor Haartooi en Schoonheidszorgen ; school for hairdressers and beauticians
S.S.B.O . Reynaertschool
Scholengemeenschap Gent-Zuid
Secundair Kunstinstituut
Sint Pietersinstituut
Sint-Barbaracollege
Sint-Bavohumaniora
Sint-Janscollege
Sint-Lievenscollege
Sint-Lievenscollege Basisschool
Sint-Lievenscollege Sint-Pieters-Buiten
Sint-Paulusinstituut
T.I . Tweebruggen
Toren van Babel
Universiteit Gent
UZ-school stad Gent
Vrije Gesubsidieerde Basisschool
Education in Ghent
Ghent
Charles Garland Lewis ( April 27 , 1912 – December 6 , 2009 ) was an American professional basketball player . He played for the Indianapolis Kautskys in the National Basketball League in one game during the 1939–40 season . He would later work as an athletic director and head boys ' basketball coach for San Marino High School in San Marino , California .
References
1912 births
2009 deaths
American men 's basketball players
Basketball players from Indiana
Forwards ( basketball )
High school basketball coaches in California
Indianapolis Kautskys players
Kentucky Wildcats men 's basketball players
People from Jackson County , Indiana
Martin Young ( born 5 July 1947 ) is a television reporter and interviewer .
Born in Glasgow , he attended Dulwich College and Caius College , Cambridge where he was President of the Marlowe Society and a member of Footlights .
Young began his career as a researcher for Border Television in 1969 , and became a reporter/presenter for Tyne Tees Television in 1970 before joining BBC Look North . In 1973 , he joined Nationwide , going on to work on both Newsnight and Panorama . In 1980 he helped to found the award-winning programme Rough Justice which led to the release of five people on murder and serious assault charges . This work formed the basis of two books : Rough Justice and More Rough Justice , co-authored with Peter Hill . In 1986 he and the producer , Peter Hill , were suspended from the BBC for three months and barred from working on investigative programmes for two years after being found to have made 'unjustifiable threats ' to make an interviewee withdraw allegations which had led to a conviction .
He co-presented the Midday News programme on LBC Newstalk 97.3 FM on London 's news station , alongside Brian Widlake . He has also worked on BBC Radio 4 hosting the panel game Who Goes There ? , guested on the first three series of Have I Got News for You , and is now a Media Trainer .
References
External links
Young , Martin
Living people
Young , Martin
Young , Martin
People educated at Dulwich College
In mathematics , especially functional analysis , a quasitrace is a not necessarily additive tracial functional on a C * -algebra . An additive quasitrace is called a trace . It is a major open problem if every quasitrace is a trace .
Definition
A quasitrace on a C * -algebra A is a map such that :
is homogeneous :
for every and .
is tracial :
for every .
is additive on commuting elements :
for every that satisfy .
and such that for each the induced map
has the same properties .
A quasitrace is :
bounded if
normalized if
lower semicontinuous if
is closed for each .
Variants
A 1-quasitrace is a map that is just homogeneous , tracial and additive on commuting elements , but does not necessarily extend to such a map on matrix algebras over A . If a 1-quasitrace extends to the matrix algebra , then it is called a n-quasitrace . There are examples of 1-quasitraces that are not 2-quasitraces . One can show that every 2-quasitrace is automatically a n-quasitrace for every . Sometimes in the literature , a quasitrace means a 1-quasitrace and a 2-quasitrace means a quasitrace .
Properties
A quasitrace that is additive on all elements is called a trace .
Uffe Haagerup showed that every quasitrace on a unital , exact C * -algebra is additive and thus a trace . The article of Haagerup was circulated as handwritten notes in 1991 and remained unpublished until 2014 . Blanchard and Kirchberg removed the assumption of unitality in Haagerup 's result . As of today ( August 2020 ) it remains an open problem if every quasitrace is additive .
Joachim Cuntz showed that a simple , unital C * -algebra is stably finite if and only if it admits a dimension function . A simple , unital C * -algebra is stably finite if and only if it admits a normalized quasitrace . An important consequence is that every simple , unital , stably finite , exact C * -algebra admits a tracial state .
Every quasitrace on a von Neumann algebra is a trace .
Notes
References
Functional analysis
Bangladesh is a developing nation . Despite rapid economic growth , poverty remains a major issue . However , poverty has declined sharply in recent history . Shortly after its independence , approximately 9 % of the population lived under the poverty line . However , since economic reforms and trade liberalization of early 1990s , along with accelerated economic growth since early-2000s , Bangladesh have experienced dramatic progress in reducing poverty . The remarkable progress in poverty alleviation has been recognized by international institutions . According to World Bank , more than 33 million Bangladeshi people have been lifted out of poverty since 2000 ; as measured by the percentage of people living on the equivalent of US $ 1.90 or less per day in 2011 purchasing price parity terms .
Since early-2000s , rapid economic growth has fueled a remarkable increase in per-capita income . Bangladesh 's per capita has increased almost threefold between 2010 and 2020 , from under $ 700 to $ 2,068 , ( the highest GDP per capita in South Asia ) moving Bangladesh into the ranks of middle-income economy . At current growth , Bangladesh is projected to enter upper-middle income status by 2041 . Based on the current rate of poverty reduction , Bangladesh is projected to eliminate extreme poverty by 2021 , the first country in South Asia to do so .
General overview of Bangladesh
Bangladesh 's economic reform started with the implementation of investment friendly economic policies , privatization of public industries , budgetary discipline , and liberalization of trade were among the key elements behind acceleration of Bangladesh 's economy . Since then , Bangladesh has been among the fastest growing economies in the world , exceeding 6 percent growth annually between 2004 and 2015 . The GDP growth further accelerated exceeding 7 percent mark since then , and is projected to gradually exceed 10 percent growth until 2020
Among Bangladesh 's many economic and social achievements , dramatic reduction in poverty in often considered a phenomenon among international organizations such as IMF and The World Bank . Between 1972 and 2018 , Bangladesh 's population living on less than $ 1.90/day is estimated to have fallen from 90 % to 9 % . Between 2008 and 2018 , The per capita income in the country increased 149 % .
As of 2020 , female labor force participation rate stands at 45 % , while net female school enrollment rate stands at a staggering 98 % . World Economic Forum ranks Bangladesh as the most gender-equal nation in South Asia ( ranked 47th , followed by the Maldives 106th ; India 108th ) .
Rural and urban poverty
Strong national poverty reduction , masks differences in welfare trends between rural and urban Bangladesh . The national poverty rate fell in both rural and urban areas , but the speed of reduction was much slower in urban Bangladesh , largely because of slower rates of poverty reduction in Dhaka and increasing poverty in Chittagong . There was no progress in reducing extreme poverty in urban areas : the proportion of the urban population living in extreme poverty was 7.7 percent in 2010 and 7.6 percent in 2016 . Given that Bangladesh continued to urbanize during this time , there are now more people living in extreme poverty in urban Bangladesh ( 3.3 million ) than in 2010 ( 3 million ) . Since independence the average rate of urbanization in Bangladesh is 5 % ( World Bank 2012 ) & percentage share of urban population has doubled , from 15 % in 1974 to 28.4 % in 2011 .
Rural poverty
Many people live in remote areas that lack services such as education , health clinics , and adequate roads , particularly road links to markets . An estimated 35 percent of the population in rural areas lives below the poverty line . They suffer from persistent food insecurity , own no land and assets , are often uneducated , and may also suffer serious illnesses or disabilities . Another 29 percent of the rural population is considered moderately poor . Though they may own a small plot of land and some livestock and generally have enough to eat , their diets lack nutritional value . As a result of health problems or natural disasters , they are at risk of sliding deeper into poverty . Women are among the poorest of the rural poor , especially when they are the sole heads of their households . They suffer from discrimination and have few earning opportunities , and their nutritional intake is often inadequate .
Urban poverty
An estimated 21 percent of the population in urban areas lives below the poverty line . People living in urban areas , like Sylhet , Dhaka , Chittagong , Khulna , and Rajshahi , enjoy a better standard of living , with electricity , gas , and clean water supplies . Even in the major cities , however , `` a significant proportion of Bangladeshis live in squalor in dwellings that fall apart during the monsoon season and have no regular electricity . These Bangladeshis have limited access to health care and to clean drinking water . ''
Causes of rural and urban poverty
One of the biggest cause of rural poverty is due to the fast-growing population rate . It places huge pressure on the environment , causing problems such as erosion and flooding , which in turn leads to low agricultural productivity .
The causes of urban poverty are due to the limited employment opportunities , degraded environment , bad housing and sanitation . The urban poor hold jobs that are labour demanding , thus affecting their health conditions . Therefore , the urban poor are in a difficult situation to escape poverty .
Environmental problems and poverty
With 80 % of the country situated on the flood plains of the Ganges , Brahmaputra , Meghna and those of several other minor rivers , the country is prone to severe flooding .
While some flooding is beneficial to agriculture , high levels of flooding have been found to be a retardant on agricultural growth . On average , 16 % of household income per year is lost due to flooding , with roughly 89 % of the loss in property and assets . Of these , households engaged in farming and fishing suffer a greater loss relative to income .
A positive relationship exists between flood risk and poverty as measured by household income , with people living under the poverty threshold facing a higher risk of flooding , as measured by their proximity to rivers and flood depth . Property prices also tend to be lower the higher the risk of flooding , making it more likely that someone who lives in a flood-prone area is poor and vice versa , as they might not be able to afford safer accommodation . Also , they tend to depend solely or largely on crop cultivation and fisheries for their livelihood and thus are harder hit by floods relative to their income .
Important to the finances of farmers operating small farms is their self-sufficiency in rice and floods adversely affect this factor , destroying harvests and arable land . Farmers hit are often forced to undertake distressed land selling and in doing so , risk being pushed into or deeper into poverty . In areas hard hit by floods , especially disaster floods such as the 1988 flood , several researchers have found that many of the affected households have resorted to selling off assets such as land and livestock to mitigate losses .
Also , in an area hard-hit by poverty and prone to floods , it was found that many of the poor were unwilling to pay for flood protection . The main reason cited had been lack of financial resources although it was found that many of these people are willing to substitute non-financial means of payment such as labour , harvest or part of their land
The above is problematic as it creates a vicious cycle for the poor of Bangladesh . Because the poor may not be able to afford safer housing , they have to live near the river which raises their risk of flooding . This would result in greater damage suffered from the floods , driving the poor into selling assets and pushing them further into poverty . They would be further deprived of sufficient resources needed to prevent extensive damage from flooding , resulting in even more flood damage and poverty . It then becomes even harder to escape this cycle . Even those farmers slightly above the poverty line are but just one bad flood away from the ranks of the poor .
Implications of poverty in Bangladesh
The Gross national income ( GNI ) per capita measured in 2008 prices is a staggering low of US $ 520 while GNI Purchasing Power Parity per capita is US $ 1440 ( 2008 ) . This is a dismal figure when compared to other developed economies . Even though the poverty rate in Bangladesh has been decreasing , it is doing so at a slow rate of less than 2 % per year . Poverty matters because it affects many factors of growth – education , population growth rates , health of the workforce and public policy . Poverty is most concentrated in the rural areas of Bangladesh , hence creating disparities between the rural and urban areas . However , urban poverty remains a problem too .
In particular , poverty has been linked strongly to education and employment . Research papers published by the Bangladesh Institute of Development Studies ( BIDS ) have shown that poverty acts as both a cause and effect of a lack of education , which in turn adversely affects employment opportunities . Having an unskilled workforce also greatly decreases the productivity of the workforce which decreases the appeal of Foreign Direct Investments ( FDIs ) and thus impedes sustainable economic growth . In essence , education is an important contribution to the social and economic development of a country .
Secondly , rising landlessness is also a consequence of poverty in Bangladesh . In the year 2000 , among the poorest of the poor – the poorest 20 percent of the population – four out of five owned less than half an acre of land . Not only did many own no acreage at all , but landlessness has been increasing in rural Bangladesh along with the number of small and marginal farms . The 2000 HIES found nearly half ( 48 percent ) of the country 's rural population to be effectively landless , owning at most 0.05 acres . Roughly three-fifths of all households in the two poorest quintiles fell into that category .
Lastly , for the chronic poor , issues such as food security and health hamper social mobility . According to a study done by the World Bank on Dhaka , the poor suffers from a lack of proper healthcare in their areas due to the expensive and poor quality health care services . The poverty stricken areas either do not have the available facilities , or can only afford low quality healthcare . This is a problem that is common in both the rural and urban poor . For the urban poor , the problem has worsened as they can only afford to stay in slums where there are problems of overcrowding and unhygienic living conditions . These two factors results in the spread of diseases amongst the poor whom can not afford better healthcare . Also , one can not deny that a healthy and well-fed citizen is better suited for increased productivity as part of the workforce . Thus , poverty matters because it consequences the social welfare of citizens . Finance minister AHM Mustafa Kamal on Sunday said Bangladesh will be a hunger and poverty free country within the next decade , reports UNB .
See also
Bangladesh
Economy of Bangladesh
List of companies of Bangladesh
Bangladesh Academy for Rural Development
Electricity sector in Bangladesh
Automotive industry in Bangladesh
Bangladeshi RMG Sector
Natural gas in Bangladesh
Steel industry in Bangladesh
Bangladesh textile industry
Leather industry in Bangladesh
Executive Magistrate of Bangladesh
Index of Bangladesh-related articles
Outline of Bangladesh
Shipbuilding in Bangladesh
Foreign relations of Bangladesh
Tourism in Bangladesh
Dhaka Stock Exchange
Chittagong Stock Exchange
3G ( countries )
List of slums in Bangladesh
References
Milton Woods was an actor . He was in several films . In 1946 , Newsweek described him as the `` colored Basil Rathbone '' . In 1951 , Jet reported that he directed of the American Negro Repertory Theater , touring the country in a trailer .
Filmography
It Happened in Harlem ( 1945 ) as Billy Bond
Big Timers ( 1945 )
Beware ( 1946 ) as Benjamin Ware III
Reet , Petite , and Gone ( 1947 ) as Sam Adams
Boy ! What a Girl ! ( 1947 ) as Jealous Lover
The Fight Never Ends ( 1948 )
I 'll Give My Life ( 1960 ) as Kopa , Medical Orderly
References
African-American actors
20th-century American actors
Year of birth missing
Slush is a startup and tech event held annually in Helsinki , Finland . Slush facilitates meetings between the founders of startups and investors such as venture capitalists , accomplished with events such as matchmaking and pitching competitions . Slush aims to build a worldwide startup community . In 2021 , Slush brought together 8,800 attendees from around the world to participate together in this global networking festival .
Since 2015 , Slush also run events throughout the world . These include previous events such as Slush Tokyo , Slush Shanghai and Slush Small Talks events . Since 2021 , Slush 'D has served as the primary avenue for international offshoots of the main Helsinki event .
Slush has created various products and resources available year-round to support and inform founders and investors . Among these products are Soaked by Slush , a startup media platform established in 2019 , and Node by Slush , a startup and investor community established a year later .
The company 's turnover is more than ten million euros .
History
There are two stories of the founding of Slush : The original story is that the first Slush was founded and organized by Kai Lemmetty , Ville Vesterinen , Helene Auramo , Peter Vesterbacka and Timo Airisto ( HS ) and it was covered by Taloussanomat . One of the original founders , Ville Vesterinen has written an article about the early days to support this storyline .
Later variations of the Slush origin story explains that the founders of Slush were Peter Vesterbacka , then working at Rovio with Angry Birds , together with Timo Airisto , a lawyer .
In 2011 , Miki Kuusi became the CEO , and together with Atte Hujanen and Jenni Kääriäinen organized the event at Kaapelitehdas , with 1500 attendees . The event was staffed mainly by student volunteers from Aaltoes ( Aalto Entrepreneurship Society ) of Aalto University .
At Kaapelitehdas , 2009-2015
Slush was held for the first time in 2008 at Kulttuuritehdas Korjaamo . Slush was founded by Kai Lemmetty , Ville Vesterinen , Helene Auramo , Peter Vesterbacka and Timo Airisto . In 2009 , the event moved to Kaapelitehdas . For the first three years , the event was aimed at local entrepreneurs and investors . Between 2008 and 2010 , the number of participants increased from 250 to 500 . The winners of the Slush pitching competitions in those years were Illtags , Sibesonke and Dealmachine . The 2011 event had 1,500 participants , 150 growth companies and 15 private equity companies . The pitching competition was won by Ovelin ( now Yousician ) , a developer of music-related technologies .
In 2012 , 3,500 people , 560 growth companies and 41 private equity firms participated in Slush . FishBrain , the social media aimed at fishermen , won the pitching competition of the year .
In 2013 , Slush gathered a total of 7,000 people , 1,200 growth companies and 120 private equity companies at Kaapelitehdas . The event received a great deal of international attention and was listed in The New York Times and The Wall Street Journal , among others . Speakers at the event included Toomas Hendrik Ilves ( former President of Estonia ) , John Riccitiello ( CEO of Electronic Arts ) , and Niklas Zennström ( Founder of Skype ) .
The 2013 pitching competition was won by Weekdone , which is developing a job tracking tool for teams .
At Messukeskus , 2014 - present
In 2014 , 14,000 people from 79 countries visited Slush . The event was attended by about 1,400 growth companies , 750 investors , 700 suppliers and 140 private equity firms . Speakers at the event included Martin Lorentzon ( founder of Spotify ) , Wang Yang ( Deputy Prime Minister of China ) , Leland Melvin ( astronaut at NASA ) , and Esa-Pekka Salonen ( conductor and composer ) . Nokia unveiled its first Android tablet , the Nokia N1 .
The event in 2014 was the largest technical production in Finnish history , surpassing the Eurovision Song Contest held in Finland in 2007 . The 2014 pitching competition was won by Enbrite.ly , which develops internet traffic management services .
Slush 2015 was held from 11 to 12 . November . Slush Hacks was held for the first time with the participation of Ultrahack , Junction , Industryhack and the AEC ( Architecture , Engineering , Construction ) Hackathon . The winners of each challenge were able to pitch their ideas on the Slush stage and the best idea / team won €20,000 .
Slush received the President of the Republic 's Internationalization Award in November 2015 .
In 2016 , Slush was held from November 30 to December 1 . At the Helsinki Fair Center . A new sister event was Slush Music , which was expected to bring 1,500 technology and music professionals to the Cable Factory for one day . Slush , in cooperation with Finnair , organized a direct scheduled flight from San Francisco to Helsinki . The nickname `` Nerd bird '' is also used for scheduled flights .
The 2017 event was held on November 30th and December 1st . The main trends were analytics and artificial intelligence . The 2018 Slush was attended by 20,000 visitors . The content of the event sought to highlight the actors and background influencers of technology companies , which are not usually presented in public . Experienced entrepreneurs as well as executives such as Werner Vogels ( Amazon 's CTO ) , spoke at the event .
In 2019 , Slush grew to 25,000 participants and Slush also organized major side events on product management and game development , among other things . The event featured 200 speakers , including investor Michael Moritz and Stripe founder John Collison .
Event summary by year
See also
Assembly ( demoparty )
OMR Festival
References
Technology conferences
Conferences in Finland
Non-profit corporations
Recurring events established in 2008
Otto VIII may refer to :
Count Otto VIII of Wittelsbach , killed in 1209 , son of Count Otto VII of Wittelsbach and murderer of king Philip of Swabia
Otto VIII , Count of Bentheim-Tecklenburg , a state leader in 1499–1514
Otto VIII , Count of Hoya ( 1530–1582 ) , the last ruling Count of Hoya 1563–1582
See also
Otto I ( disambiguation )
Otto II ( disambiguation )
Otto III ( disambiguation )
Otto IV ( disambiguation )
Otto V ( disambiguation )
Otto VI
Otto VII ( disambiguation )
Joseph Shephard ( 1822 – 25 October 1898 ) was a 19th-century Member of Parliament from Nelson , New Zealand .
Biography
Shephard arrived in Nelson in 1861 on the Donna Lita . For several years , he was an editor for the Nelson newspaper Colonist .
He unsuccessfully contested the Waimea electorate in the 1867 by-election , and the City of Nelson electorate in the 1868 by-election .
He represented the Waimea electorate from to 1875 , when he was defeated ; and from to 1885 when he resigned . At the nomination meeting on 5 September 1879 , Shephard , Albert Pitt , Oswald Curtis and Acton Adams were proposed , the latter three without their knowledge or consent , presumably by opponents of George Grey who had the support of Shephard . With Pitt , Curtis and Adams all formally withdrawing from the contest , the returning officer declared Shephard elected unopposed .
He was appointed to the Legislative Council in 1885 , where he served until he died in 1898 .
References
1822 births
1898 deaths
Members of the New Zealand House of Representatives
Members of the New Zealand Legislative Council
Unsuccessful candidates in the 1875–1876 New Zealand general election
New Zealand MPs for South Island electorates
19th-century New Zealand politicians
Football Federation of Rivne Oblast is a football governing body in the region of Rivne Oblast , Ukraine . The federation is a member of the Football Federation of Ukraine .
Members
Demydiv Raion Football Federation
Zarichne Raion Football Federation
Kostopil Raion Football Federation
Dubrovytsia Raion Football Federation
Rivne Municipal Football Federation
Berezne Raion Football Federation
Dubno Municipal Football Federation
Rokytne Raion Football Federation
Hoshcha Raion Football Federation
Sarny Raion Football Federation
Dubno Raion Football Federation
Football Federation of Varash
Ostroh Municipal Football Federation
Associative
Zdolbuniv Municipal Football Federation
Futsal Association of Rivne Oblast
Previous Champions
1948 FC Lokomotyv Rivne ( 1 )
1949 FC Dynamo Rivne ( 1 )
1950 ? ? ?
1951 ? ? ?
1952 FC Dynamo Rivne ( 2 )
1953 FC Dynamo Rivne ( 3 )
1954 FC Dynamo Rivne ( 4 )
1955 FC Kolhospnyk Hoshcha ( 1 )
1956 FC Kolhospnyk Hoshcha ( 2 )
1957 FC Kolhospnyk Hoshcha ( 3 )
1958 FC Kolhospnyk Hoshcha ( 4 )
1959 FC Avanhard Kostopil ( 1 )
1960 FC Spartak Rivne ( 1 )
1961 FC Spartak Rivne ( 2 )
1962 FC Horyn Dubrovytsia ( 1 )
1963 FC Tekstylnyk Rivne ( 1 )
1964 FC Avanhard Rivne ( 1 )
1965 FC Tekstylnyk Rivne ( 2 )
1966 FC Tekstylnyk Rivne ( 3 )
1967 RZTZ Rivne ( 1 )
1968 FC Horyn Dubrovytsia ( 2 )
1969 FC Torpedo Rivne ( 1 )
1970 FC Torpedo Rivne ( 2 )
1971 FC Torpedo Rivne ( 3 )
1972 FC Torpedo Rivne ( 4 )
1973 FC Torpedo Rivne ( 5 )
1974 FC Torpedo Rivne ( 6 )
1975 FC Torpedo Rivne ( 7 )
1976 FC Torpedo Rivne ( 8 )
1977 FC Torpedo Rivne ( 9 )
1978 FC Vodnyk Rivne ( 1 )
1979 FC Budivelnyk Kuznetsovsk ( 1 )
1980 FC Metalist Sarny ( 1 )
1981 FC Mayak Sarny ( 1 )
1982 FC Sluch Berezne ( 1 )
1983 FC Sokil Chervonoarmiysk ( 1 )
1984 FC Sluch Berezne ( 2 )
1985 FC Sokil Chervonoarmiysk ( 2 )
1986 FC Sluch Berezne ( 3 )
1987 FC Spartak Dubno ( 1 )
1988 FC Sluch Berezne ( 4 )
1989 FC Khimik Rivne ( 1 )
1990 ? ? ?
1991 ? ? ?
1992 ? ? ?
1992-93 FC Izotop Kuznetsovsk ( 1 )
1994 ? ? ?
1995 FC Sokil Radyvyliv ( 3 )
1996 FC Sokil Radyvyliv ( 4 )
1997 FC Sluch Berezne ( 5 )
1998 FC Sluch Berezne ( 6 )
1999 FC Sokil Radyvyliv ( 5 )
2000 FC Metalist Zdolbuniv ( 1 )
2001 FC Sokil Radyvyliv ( 6 )
2002 FC ODEK Orzhiv ( 1 )
2003 FC ODEK Orzhiv ( 2 )
2004 FC ODEK Orzhiv ( 3 )
2005 FC Mayak Sarny ( 2 )
2006 FC ODEK Orzhiv ( 4 )
2007 FC ODEK Orzhiv ( 5 )
2008 FC ODEK Orzhiv ( 6 )
2009 FC Slavia Rivne ( 1 )
2010 FC Khimik Rivne ( 2 )
2011 FC ODEK Orzhiv ( 7 )
2012 FC Slavia Rivne ( 2 )
2013 FC ODEK Orzhiv ( 8 )
2014 FC ODEK Orzhiv ( 9 )
2015 FC Mayak Sarny ( 3 )
2016 FC ODEK Orzhiv ( 10 )
2017 FC ODEK Orzhiv ( 11 )
2018 FC Mayak Sarny ( 4 )
2019 FC Malynsk
Top winners
11 – FC ODEK Orzhiv
9 – FC Torpedo Rivne
6 – FC Sluch Berezne
6 – FC Sokil Radyvyliv
4 – 3 clubs ( Dynamo R. , Kolhospnyk H. , Mayak )
3 – FC Tekstylnyk Rivne
2 – 4 clubs ( Spartak , Horyn , Khimik , Slavia )
1 – 11 clubs
Professional clubs
FC Dynamo Rivne , 1946
NK Veres Rivne ( Kolhospnyk , Horyn , Avangard ) , 1958–2011 , 2015–
FC Ikva Mlyniv , 2003–2004 ( single season )
See also
FFU Council of Regions
References
External links
Official website . Rivne Oblast Football Federation
Football in the regions of Ukraine
Football governing bodies in Ukraine
Sport in Rivne Oblast
The Bradley Braves baseball team is the varsity intercollegiate athletic team of the Bradley University in Peoria , Illinois , United States . The team competes in the National Collegiate Athletic Association 's Division I and are members of the Missouri Valley Conference . The Braves have played in seven NCAA Tournaments , going in , , , , , and .
Dozer Park
Dozer Park has been home to the Braves baseball team since 2003 . The stadium is located in downtown Peoria , and is also home to the Peoria Chiefs .
Head coaches
Records are through the end of the 2018 season
See also
List of NCAA Division I baseball programs
References
External links
The Ring of Solomon is a children 's novel of alternate history , fantasy and magic . It is a prequel to the Bartimaeus trilogy , written by British author Jonathan Stroud . The first edition ( paperback ) was published in Oct. 2010 by Doubleday in UK .
Synopsis
The book follows the early adventures of Bartimaeus in service to King Solomon .
Setting
The story is set in a fantasy version of ancient Jerusalem , during the reign of biblical King Solomon , about 950BCE .
Principal characters
Magicians
Solomon , biblical King of Israel , ~970-931BC
Asmira , captain of the guard for Queen of Sheba
Balkis ( Queen of Sheba )
Ezekiel , a magician in service to Solomon
Khaba the Cruel
Spirits
Bartimaeus , a mid-level djinn
Faquarl , a djinn
Ammet , a marid
Spirit of the Ring
Philocretes , an afrit
Organisations
High Magicians of Solomon
Magical objects , spells and places
Ring of Solomon
Plot summary
The story opens in Jerusalem with the djinni Bartimaeus currently in the service of one of the seventeen High Magicians of King Solomon of Israel , whom the king rules with the use of a mighty Ring . Ezekiel commands Bartimaeus to retrieve a magical artifact from the ancient city of Eridu . Bartimaeus succeeds , and then tricks the magician into commanding him to use the artefact against him . It sends a spurt of water at him , knocking him from his protective circle . Bartimaeus devours the old man and by the magician 's death is released and returns to the Other Place .
The king , upon learning of Bartimaeus 's murder of Ezekiel , is insulted that a mere djinni is the perpetrator . To make Bartimaeus pay for his actions he commands Khaba , an Egyptian and another of the seventeen , to summon Bartimaeus back into his service and punish him . The king also proposes to the queen of Sheba and is refused .
The scene shifts to the Sheban capital of Marib where Balkis , the aforementioned queen , receives a message from a fierce marid supposedly in Solomon 's service : either pay a ransom of 40 sacks of frankincense or be destroyed , and gives her two weeks to pay . Balkis decides to send her loyal guard captain Asmira to Jerusalem to assassinate Solomon .
Back in Jerusalem , now in Khaba 's service , Bartimaeus is commanded to perform many degrading jobs , including grain counting , sewage treatment , and artichoke collecting . Another unpleasant element is that one of his fellow slaves is his old rival Faquarl . Khaba assembles the eight djinn under his command and informs them that they have been commissioned to build Solomon 's Temple on the Temple Mount and that they are to build it without using any magic whatsoever . Bartimaeus uses his trademark wit to infuriate Khaba and the magician unleashes his flail upon the djinn and threatens to place them in his essence cages ( devices similar to the Mournful Orb in The Amulet of Samarkand ) should they displease him a second time .
At first , Khaba and his subordinate closely supervise the stages of construction but after a while they stop showing up at the building site and the attitudes of the djinn grow lax . They begin assuming nonhuman forms and start using magic to build the temple ( both actions directly in violation of Solomon 's edicts ) . Several days later , Solomon makes an unexpected appearance on the building site . The other djinn manage to revert to human form and disguise their use of magic but Bartimaeus is caught in the form of a pygmy hippopotamus in a skirt ( a comic reference to one of Solomon 's 700 wives , `` the one from Moab '' ) . The king interrogates Bartimaeus and the djinni reluctantly admits his guilt while covering for the other spirits . As Solomon prepares to use the Ring on Bartimaeus , the djinni resorts to grovelling to appease the king . Bartimaeus 's pathetic display amuses Solomon , who agrees to spare the djinni 's life and instead punishes him ( and Khaba , whom Solomon blames for failing to keep his spirits in line ) by sending them to hunt down the local bandits .
Several days later , out in the desert , Bartimaeus and Faquarl find and defeat bandits attacking the traveller Asmira . Faquarl insists on eating her but Bartimaeus hopes she can intercede with Khaba on their behalf . Asmira is then escorted to Jerusalem by Khaba and manages to persuade him to reluctantly dismiss the two djinn . Faquarl gains his freedom but Bartimaeus is imprisoned in a small bottle by Khaba and his principal slave , the marid Ammet , as punishment for his earlier crimes . Asmira tries to use her feminine wiles to convince Khaba to get her near Solomon but fails . Asmira frees Bartimaeus from the bottle and commands him as his new master to help her kill Solomon . The pair sneak through the palace gardens and scale the tower wall to Solomon 's chamber , evading obstacles through Bartimaeus ' magical efforts .
They encounter the king in his observatory and Asmira stabs him with her dagger , only to discover that it is an illusion set up to trap them . Bartimaeus escapes , but Asmira is captured and taken before the true King Solomon . Meanwhile , Bartimaeus encounters the trapped afrit Philocretes and learns the secret behind Solomon and the Ring , that it causes immense pain to the bearer , in this case King Solomon . He then sneaks into the chamber where Solomon is interrogating Asmira and steals the Ring . Asmira takes the Ring from him , only to discover that its energies indeed inflict pain upon whoever touches it or uses it . Solomon then maintains that he never sent any ransom demand to Sheba , which causes Asmira to doubt herself and her loyalty to Queen Balkis . In the end , Asmira refrains from killing the king , choosing instead to take the Ring back to Sheba in spite of Solomon 's warnings and Bartimaeus ' demoralising analysis of her motives . Suddenly Khaba arrives , subdues both girl and djinni and claims the Ring for himself . Khaba commands the Spirit of the Ring to destroy several of his rival magicians as well as Solomon 's palace , but Asmira manages to use her last throwing knife to slice off Khaba 's finger , with the ring still on it , and commands Bartimaeus to throw it into the sea . Although weakened by his use of the Ring , Khaba attempts to destroy both Asmira and Solomon , who manage to hold off Khaba 's other servants for a brief time .
Meanwhile , Bartimeaus has fled the palace with the powerful Ammet in hot pursuit . The two eventually reach the shores of the Mediterranean Sea and , Bartimaeus dips the ring in the sea , fulfilling his command . In an unexpected move , he then puts the Ring on and commands the Spirit to seal Ammet inside a wine jar at the bottom of the sea for a few thousand years . Returning to Jerusalem , Bartimaeus knocks out Khaba and returns the Ring to Asmira who gives it back to Solomon . The king imprisons Khaba and pardons both Asmira and Bartimaeus for their deeds . Solomon then summons Queen Balkis to Jerusalem and clears up the misunderstanding . However , a spiteful Balkis disowns her loyal guard from her service . Solomon then offers Asmira the opportunity to work for him instead .
In the aftermath of the attack , Asmira willingly dismisses Bartimaeus , revealing her intention to turn down Solomon 's offer in favour of choosing her own path in life , and the two part ways on friendly terms .
Reception
The book received generally positive reception and was praised for its portrayal of complex characters .
The Ring of Solomon has received the following accolades :
Costa Children 's Book Award nominee ( 2010 )
Der Leserpreis ( 2010 )
American Library Association 's Amazing Audiobooks for Young Adults ( 2012 )
References
Bartimaeus Sequence
2010 British novels
British children 's novels
Children 's fantasy novels
Historical fantasy novels
Novels set in ancient Israel
Doubleday ( publisher ) books
2010 children 's books
Pipra is a genus of birds in the manakin family Pipridae .
Taxonomy and species list
The genus Pipra was introduced by the Swedish naturalist Carl Linnaeus in 1764 . The name was used by Ancient Greek authors such as Aristotle for a small bird but it is unclear which species it referred to . The type species was designated as the crimson-hooded manakin in 1840 by the English zoologist George Robert Gray .
The genus contains three species :
References
Bird genera
Pipridae
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
White Rapids may refer to :
Places
White Rapids , New Brunswick , a settlement in Canada
Valkeakoski ( Finnish : White Rapids ) , a town and municipality in Finland .
Other
Ingalls , White Rapids and Northern Railway , see List of Michigan railroads
White Rapids Mine , see List of coal mines and landmarks in the Nanaimo area
White Rapids Hydroelectric dam , a dam on the Menominee River
See also
Whitewater
Rapids
Glyphipterix asteriella is a species of sedge moth in the genus Glyphipterix . It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1880 . It is found in Australia , including New South Wales .
References
Moths described in 1880
Glyphipterigidae
Moths of Australia
The Britannia Mines Concentrator is a National Historic Site of Canada . The large , inclined gravity mill was built on the northwest side of Mount Sheer to assist the transfer of copper ore through the chemical and mechanical processes of the plant . It is a landmark in Britannia Beach , British Columbia some forty-five kilometers north of Vancouver .
The nearby volcanic peak of Mount Garibaldi indicates the presence of magmatic inclusions and volcanic cores , in which copper is usually found . As such , the town and mill sit on the western shore of the Britannia Range and defined by the large fjord of Howe Sound .
The mining claims were discovered in the 1880s and the Britannia Beach Mining and Smelting Company established in the Edwardian years . Copper was first mined in the area in 1903 and the distance from smelters necessitated the construction of an ore concentrator , a system to deliver ore , and a system to ship the ore concentrate . A primitive concentrator , No . 1 , was built in 1904 , which was upgraded with two more units , collective known as No.2 , built in 1914 and 1915 . A fire in 1921 destroyed these , and a concrete and steel structure to house a new concentrator was completed ( immediately to the right of the 1914 plant ) in early 1923 . In the late 1920s , Britannia Mines was the most productive copper mine in the British Empire , and it also produced silver and gold .
Now owned by the Britannia Beach Historical Society , it is part of the Britannia Mine Museum .
Background
In the late 1880s prospectors from Texada Island had surveyed the area for gold , one of them Dr. A. Forbes , then staked claims . It was not until 1898 that trappers among them Oliver Furry , of Furry Creek fame , discovered sulphided copper ore in a mineralized schist . A set of mining claims were made , eventually leading to the establishment of Britannia Mining and Smelting Company , which included claims for mines at four sites named Bluff , Empress , Fairview , and Jane .
Britannia Mines began mining copper ore from Mount Sheer and the surrounding area on the eastern shore of Howe Sound in 1903 . Because the ore contained relatively little copper , an ore concentrate was produced before shipment to an ore processing plant . This necessitated the construction of a concentrator , and both an inclined and aerial tramway system to transport crushed ore from the mine to the concentrator . In 1904 , a gravity concentrator was installed at the site , capable of processing 200 tons of ore daily . The output was a concentrate of about 10 % copper , which was sent to Crofton for smelting . The first shipment was made in December 1905 . A holding company called the Howe Sound Company held Britannia Beach Mining and Smelting Company . The Howe Sound Company also owned some mines on Mt . Sicker and a smelter at Crofton near Ladysmith .
Most of the high-grade ore at Britannia Beach had been mined and milled by 1912 . To maintain profitability , the mining operation was expanded to mine low-grade ore , requiring a new wooden concentrator . This was installed as two parts , each made of timber , the first in 1914 and the second in 1915 . Its design implemented a new flotation technique that had been tested in the original concentrator in 1912 . A ground level inclined railway was built to lower the ore down from the Jane Basin mine .
Between the years 1905 and 1915 the mine increased production by a factor of ten .
Much of this was due to the outbreak of the First World War and the demand for copper shell casings and bullet jackets . The Imperial Munitions Board , a overseeing and purchasing body , received most of the copper . To further this expansion , the mine kept expanding with more plant and workers . Also , more houses had to be built to keep them . At its peak , the mine employed 900 men . In this period the ore stopped shipment to Crofton and was sent to the ASARCO smelter in Tacoma .
In the winter of 1921 , a fire spread throughout the concentrator building , destroying it and terminating mining operations . Fortunately , fire crews managed to save the pelton wheel powered , hydro electric plant -- a small one story structure that sat right beside No.2 Concentrator .
( The mine generated half of its power needs , and the other half came from BC Electric which strung a power line to the mine up the Capilano Valley , ) A temporary decline in copper prices provided the company with an incentive to upgrade the concentrator , and it hired San Francisco metallurgical engineering firm Bradley , Bruff , and Labarthe to design a new structure to house it .
Expansion
In 1922 , Britannia Mines began building a new gravity concentrator capable of processing 2,500 tons of ore daily . The monolithic concrete and steel structure to house it , No . 3 Concentrator , was completed in January 1923 on the northwest side of Mount Sheer , and by 1925 Britannia Mines produced more copper ore concentrate than any other mining operation in the British Empire , a distinction it held until 1930 . During this time it also produced `` significant amounts of silver and gold '' . The No . 1 Concentrator , which sat adjacent to the mine wharf , was dismantled .
To feed the large new works , dozens of miles of tunnels were cut to ore bodies . The adits stretch high into the mountains and down in the mountain below sea level . Large fans for ventilation , electric lights , pumps and air drills assisted the work .
At No . 3 Concentrator , ore was crushed and pulverised in ball mills . It was then ground into a powder and run through separation machines and flotation mills .
After , it was graded and dried . Ore concentrate is roughly 40 percent metal and needs to go to a smelter for further refining .
Britannia Beach was a company town with its own company store . Workers lived in town and were unable to leave except by scheduled Union Steamship Company boat . Highway 99 was not completed until 1955 . The company was very strict with its workers and difficult to work for . The company was unionized only after the war , in 1946 . Men had few safety precautions and used hard rock air drills without ear protection . Britannia Beach miners would often go deaf , receiving no compensation .
Description
The 20-storey building dominates its site , its windows facing northwest into Howe Sound . The building is roughly rectangular , with a base about wide and deep . Each level is between . A ventilation shed added in 1926 protrudes from the top .
The mill received ore at its peak , from its base , where it entered the concentrator . It passed down stages of the concentrator by gravity , through eight levels of the structure . From the bottom level , it was piped directly into the hold of a cargo ship .
Britannia Beach remained in operation until 1974 . Many of its business records are held by the UBC Special Collections .
National Historic Site
The Britannia Mines Concentrator is owned by the Britannia Beach Historical Society , and is part of the Britannia Mine Museum .
The industrial building has become the setting for several films and television programs .
Notes
References
External links
Mining in British Columbia
National Historic Sites in British Columbia
Yewei ( ) is a Southern Chinese term that describes various types of game meat , including bushmeat from exotic wild animals .
Terminology
The character 野 ( ) means `` wild '' , and is shortened from 野兽 ( Traditional ) , which means `` wild beasts '' .
The character 味 ( ) literally means `` taste '' , and metaphorically refers to various delicacies that appeals to the popular palate .
History
Historically , members of the imperial courts in Chinese dynastic eras requested grand animals for their meals . Famous examples include the Manchu Han Imperial Feast . Today , yewei can be eaten by anyone with access to wild animals , which can also be imported .
Animals eaten
Yewei can include badgers , bats , beavers , civets , crocodiles , foxes , giant salamanders , hedgehog , marmots , ostrich , otters ,
pangolins , peacocks , pheasants , porcupines , rabbit and rabbit organs , rats , snakes ( including many-banded krait ) , spotted deer , turtles and wolf pups .
Culture
It has been reported that the consumption of wildlife appeals only to a minority of people in China . However , the topic of whether it should be consumed has had some mixed reactions . According to a 2006 survey by WildAid and the , about 70 % of 24,000 people surveyed in sixteen cities in mainland China had not eaten wild animals in the previous year , up from 51 % in a similar 1999 survey . In a 2014 survey of several cities in China , 52.7 % of respondents agreed with the statement that wildlife should not be consumed .
According to The Guardian , locals in Southern China sometimes boast that they will `` eat anything with four legs except a table '' .
The consumption of exotic wildlife , especially in Guangdong , came under heavy criticism after the SARS epidemic . Following the outbreak of COVID-19 , the Chinese government formally made the practice illegal , amidst growing calls inside China to permanently ban the wildlife trade .
References
Chinese imperial cuisine
Millennium was a short lived film company from Roger Corman .
History
Corman sold New World Pictures in January 1983 for $ 16.9 million . Under the terms of the contract , he agreed to stay on as consultant for two years and that New World would distribute any movies he made until February 1984 . He agreed to provide the company with a minimum of five films they could release . He set up a new production company , Millennium - the title of which was taken from the name of a 1981 retrospective of Corman 's work at the National Film Theatre of London . He announced plans to make films budgeted between $ 2–5 million using cash from his sale of New World to finance . He wanted to make less commercial films . Millennium 's films included Space Raiders , Love Letters , Screwballs and Suburbia ( which he acquired ) .
Corman later formed his own company New Horizon Pictures .
Filmography
Space Raiders ( 1983 )
Screwballs ( 1983 )
Suburbia ( 1983 ) ( a pickup )
Deathstalker ( 1983 )
The Warrior and the Sorceress ( 1984 ) - this became a New Horizon Picture
Love Letters ( 1984 )
References
Film production companies of the United States
Martin Andersen Nexø ( 26 June 1869 – 1 June 1954 ) was a Danish writer . He was one of the authors in the Modern Breakthrough movement in Danish art and literature . He was a socialist throughout his life and during the second world war moved to the Soviet Union , and afterwards to Dresden in East Germany .
Biography
Martin Andersen Nexø was born into a large family ( the fourth of eleven children ) in Christianshavn , at the time an impoverished district of Copenhagen . In 1877 his family moved to Nexø on Bornholm , and he adopted the name of this town as his last name . Having been an industrial worker before , in Nexø he attended a folk high school , and later worked as a journalist . He spent the mid-1890s travelling in Southern Europe , and his book Soldage ( 1903 ) ( English : Days in the Sun ) is largely based on those travels . Like many of his literary contemporaries , including Johannes Vilhelm Jensen , Nexø was at first heavily influenced by fin-de-siècle pessimism , but gradually turned to a more extroverted view , joining the Social Democratic movement and later the Communist Party of Denmark ; his later books reflect his political support of the Soviet Union .
Pelle Erobreren ( English : Pelle the Conqueror ) , published in four volumes 1906–1910 , is his best-known work and the one most translated . Its first section was made the subject of the DDR-FS movie Pelle der Eroberer in 1986 and the movie Pelle Erobreren in 1987 . Ditte Menneskebarn ( English : Ditte , Child of Man ) , written from 1917 to 1921 , praises the working woman for her self-sacrifice ; a Danish film version of the first part of the book was released in 1946 as Ditte , Child of Man . The much-debated Midt i en Jærntid ( i.e . `` In an Iron Age '' , English : In God 's Land ) , written in 1929 , satirises the Danish farmers of World War I . During his latter years , 1944 to 1956 , Nexø wrote but did not complete a trilogy consisting of the books Morten hin Røde ( English : Morten the Red ) , Den fortabte generation ( English : The Lost Generation ) , and Jeanette . This was ostensibly a continuation of Pelle the Conqueror , but also a masked autobiography .
In 1941 , during Denmark 's occupation by the Germany , Danish police arrested Nexø due to his communist affiliation . Upon his release he traveled to neutral Sweden and then to the Soviet Union , where he made broadcasts to Nazi-occupied Denmark and Norway . After World War II , Nexø moved to Dresden in East Germany , where he was made an honorary citizen . The Martin-Andersen-Nexø-Gymnasium high school in Dresden was named after him . His international reputation as one of the greatest European social writers grew , especially , but not exclusively , in socialist countries .
Nexø died in Dresden in 1954 and was interred in the Assistens Kirkegård in the Nørrebro neighbourhood of Copenhagen . A minor planet , 3535 Ditte , discovered by Soviet astronomer Nikolai Stepanovich Chernykh in 1979 , is named after the main character in his novel Ditte , Child of Man .
Martin Andersen Nexø 's home in Nexø has become a museum in his memory .
Honours and awards
In 1949 , Nexø received an honorary doctorate from the University of Greifswald 's Faculty of Arts .
Nexø 's works in English
Ditte : towards the stars . Translated by Asta & Rowland Kenney . New York : H. Holt . 1922 .
Days in the Sun . Translated by Jacob Wittmer Hartmann . 1929 . ( travel book )
In God 's Land . Translated by Thomas Seltzer . 1933 .
Under the Open Sky . My early Years . Translated by J . B. C. Watkins . 1938 . ( part of an autobiography )
Pelle the Conqueror 1–2 . Translated by Jesse Muir and Bernard Miall . Gloucester , Mass . 1963 .
Ditte . Gloucester , Mass . 1963 .
Pelle the Conqueror . Volume 1 : Childhood . Translated by Steven T. Murray . Seattle , WA . New translation from Fjord Press . 1989 .
Pelle the Conqueror . Volume 2 : Apprenticeship . Translated by Steven T. Murray & Tiina Nunnally . Seattle , WA . New translation from Fjord Press . 1991 .
Film
A film adaptation `` Pelle the Conqueror '' was made in 1987 , directed by Bille August and starring Max van Sydow . It has been licensed for streaming by several services recently .
Literature
Haugan , Jørgen . Alt er som bekendt erotik : En biografi om Martin Andersen Nexø . København : Gad , 1998 .
Ingwersen , Faith & Ingwersen , Niels : Quests for a Promised Land : The Works of Martin Andersen Nexø . 1984. .
Yde , Henrik : Det grundtvigske i Martin Andersen Nexøs liv I–II . ( 'The Grundtvig'ian in the life of Martin Andersen Nexø . ' Doctor 's thesis , 1991 . ) .
Yde , Henrik : Martin Andersen Nexø . An Introduction . ( in Nordica , vol . 11 . 1994 ) .
References
External links
1869 births
1954 deaths
People from Copenhagen
Danish communists
Danish journalists
Marxist writers
Danish emigrants to East Germany
Socialist realism writers
Proletarian literature
Danish male novelists
People granted political asylum in the Soviet Union
20th-century Danish novelists
( 23 February 1951 – 26 December 2010 ) was a Japanese film director and screenwriter who worked in pink film and mainstream cinema . He won the award for Best Director at the 6th Yokohama Film Festival for Mermaid Legend .
Life and career
Early career - Nikkatsu
Ikeda graduated from the literature department of Waseda University in 1974 , but became involved in filmmaking while still a student . According to Ikeda , his entry into the film industry was accidental , the result of a drunken barroom bet . His first job was at a small independent production company , Ishihara Productions , but he later moved to the major studio Nikkatsu , which at the time produced only films of the Roman porno genre , big budget versions of the pink film . At both companies , he began working as an Assistant Director , whose duties could include anything from cleaning floors to shaving actresses at a time when it was illegal to show even the slightest hint of pubic hair in Japanese media . Ikeda continued as an Assistant Director at Nikkatsu throughout the 1970s in such films as Flower and Snake ( 1974 ) , Wife to be Sacrificed ( 1974 ) and Noble Lady : Bound Vase ( 1977 ) , all directed by Masaru Konuma .
Ikeda made his debut as a director at Nikkatsu with the 1980 film , Sukeban Mafia which the Weissers call `` satirical , rousing , sexy and character-driven . '' Later in 1980 , Ikeda directed his second Roman porno feature for Nikkatsu , Sex Hunter , which the studio considered too rough and vulgar . For `` penance '' , Nikkatsu sent him to Okinawa and told him to include some romance for his next film , Blue Lagoon : A Summer Experience , which had a standard boy-girl plot . Ikeda 's last project for Nikkatsu was the 1981 Angel Guts : Red Porno , the fourth film in the six part Angel Guts series . Ikeda was brought in at the last minute when the original director dropped out and had only a month to shoot the film . Ikeda had a dispute with actress Jun Izumi about a nude shot in the film and when Nikkatsu cut the scene , Ikeda left the company feeling that they had failed to support him .
Director 's Company and Evil Dead Trap
After leaving Nikkatsu , Ikeda joined a number of other young directors in the Director 's Company , a production company founded in 1982 . Ikeda 's first film with the Director 's Company was the 1984 Mermaid Legend which is considered by many to be his finest work and which garnered a Best Director award for Ikeda at the 1985 Yokohama Film Festival . A year later , Ikeda made Scent of a Spell , also for the Director 's Company , a mystery about a newspaperman who saves a girl from suicide but discovers that she may not be as innocent as she seems . The screenplay was by Takashi Ishii who had also written the scripts for the Angel Guts series while he and Ikeda were together at Nikkatsu .
Ishii also penned the script for Ikeda 's 1988 Evil Dead Trap , called Japan 's first `` splatter movie '' , and credited with being the first Japanese modern horror film . Although usually said to have been influenced by Sam Raimi 's The Evil Dead and the work of Dario Argento , Ikeda claimed in an interview never to have seen their films , hating horror so much that he never even watched Evil Dead Trap . He did , however , attend a showing of the film in Los Angeles when it was released for American audiences in 1999 . The film was successful enough to spawn a sequel directed by Izo Hashimoto . Ikeda returned to direct Evil Dead Trap 3 : Broken Love Killer ( 1993 ) , again written by Ishii , but only made a sequel in name outside of Japan .
Later career and death
Through the 1990s , Ikeda did little work in theatrical films , most of his output being V-Cinema action and erotic films , including two entries in Toei Video 's `` XX : Beautiful '' series based on the books of Arimasa Osawa , XX : Beautiful Beast ( 1995 ) , the story of a Chinese hitwoman , and XX : Beautiful Prey ( 1996 ) , about a female serial killer . His 1997 theatrical film The Key has become known as the first Japanese film to show full frontal female nudity after the rules against depicting pubic hair were relaxed . After a lapse of some years , Ikeda returned to theatrical films with the 2001 two-part horror movie Campus Ghost Stories ( aka Shadow of the Wraith ) starring sisters Hitomi Miwa and Asumi Miwa . He continued with the 2004 film The Man Behind the Scissors , which critic Jasper Sharp found a `` quirky and perplexing police procedural '' about a series of scissor murders . Ikeda 's last film , Aki Fukaki ( 2008 ) , a departure from his usual genre films , was a serious drama based on the works of Sakunosuke Oda and starred Norito Yashima and Eriko Sato .
It had been reported that Ikeda was fighting depression in his later years and a body found floating in the sea near Shima in the Mie Prefecture on December 26 , 2010 was identified as his in late January 2011 . His death may have been from an accidental fall or suicide but Ikeda had expressed a wish to die in the Shima area .
Filmography
Theatrical films - Director
( Mar . 1980 , Nikkatsu )
( Oct. 1980 , Nikkatsu )
( July 1981 , Nikkatsu )
( Dec. 1981 , Nikkatsu )
( April 1984 , Director 's Company / ATG )
( May 1984 , Toei Central Films )
( Dec. 1985 , Director 's Company )
( May 1988 , JHV )
Misty ( Nov. 1991 , Toho )
( June 1992 )
( June 1993 )
( Oct. 1997 , Toei )
( June 2001 )
( 2004 )
( Nov. 2008 )
V-Cinema - Director
( Mar . 1990 )
( Mar . 1990 )
ごきぶり商事痛快譚 愛の五億円ぶるーす ( Feb. 1991 )
( May 1991 )
監禁逃亡 禁断の陵辱 ( Jan. 1995 )
( Sept. 1995 )
( Jan. 1996 )
監禁逃亡 性奴隷 ( June 1997 )
( May 1998 )
監禁逃亡 地獄に咲いた女 ( May 1999 )
無頼 人斬り五郎 ( Oct. 1999 )
暴力商売 ( Apr . 2001 )
暴力商売２ ( June 2001 )
暴力商売 金融餓狼伝 ( Feb. 2002 )
暴力商売 金融餓狼伝２ ( Apr . 2002 )
( Jan. 2003 )
( Mar . 2003 )
Sources
Ikeda , Toshiharu . ( 1998 ) . Interviewed in Asian Cult Cinema , # 18 .
Weisser , Thomas . ( 1998 ) . `` Asian Cult Cinema Report : Film , News and Gossip '' , in Asian Cult Cinema , # 22 , 1st Quarter , 1999 , p. 4-6 . ( American premier of Evil Dead Trap )
References
1951 births
2010 deaths
Japanese film directors
Pink film directors
Japanese screenwriters
People from Yamagata Prefecture
Waseda University alumni
Ailbhe Ní Ghearbhuigh is an Irish poet who writes in the Irish language . Born in Tralee , County Kerry , in 1984 , she graduated from NUI Galway in 2005 with a BA in Irish and French . She spent time in Bordeaux , France , before returning to Ireland to do an MA in Modern Irish , again at NUI Galway .
She went to New York in August 2007 to teach Irish with the Fulbright program in the CUNY Institute for Irish-American Studies at Lehman College in the Bronx . The Arts Council of Ireland ( An Chomhairle Ealaíon ) awarded her an artist 's bursary in 2008 .
She has helped to translate her own work into English .
Ní Ghearbhuigh 's first collection , Péacadh , was published in 2008 . It has been noted that , although its general tenor is optimistic , many of the collection 's stronger pieces are marked by a disorientating sense of alienation and an awareness of the world 's capricious nature .
Her doctoral dissertation , “ An Fhrainc Iathghlas ? Tionchar na Fraince ar Athbheochan na Gaeilge , 1893-1922″ ( NUI , Galway ) , won the Adele Dalsimer Prize for Distinguished Dissertation in 2014 .
Bibliography
Péacadh ( Coiscéim , 2008 )
Notes
References
Three Irish-language Poets Named For Western Writers ' Centre Project
Lehman program helps preserve Irish language
1984 births
20th-century Irish people
21st-century Irish poets
Living people
Alumni of the University of Galway
Irish-language poets
Irish women poets
People from Tralee
Irish poets
21st-century Irish women writers
Kattumanghattu Abraham Mar Koorilos I was the first primate and Metropolitan of the Malabar Independent Syrian Church in Kerala , India , although it was known initially as Thozhiyoor Church when established in 1772 . Abraham Mar Koorilos I have popularly known as kattumangattu valiya bava .
Mar Koorilos I remained primate for 30 years from 1772 to 1802 until his death on 10 July 1802 . His brother succeeded him as primate of the church as Kattumangattu Geevarghese Mar Koorilose II .
See also
Malankara Church
Notes
References
Vadakkekara , Benedict ( 2007 ) . Origin of Christianity in India : a Historiographical Critique . Media House Delhi .
1802 deaths
The Semibeings were an alternative rock band based in Mercerville-Hamilton Square , New Jersey , and active in the 1990s . The band released Sickness and Health on Shimmy Disc in 1995 and Three Pawns Standing on Seattle 's C/Z label in 1997 , both produced by Mark Kramer and recorded at his Noise New Jersey studio . The band 's primary members were brother 's Joe and Pat Baker and Keith Monacchio . Playing numerous shows at the City Gardens club in Trenton , the group disbanded in 1999 to pursue other interests . The Semibeings ' music was featured on a number of seasons of MTV 's The Real World and Road Rules during the 1990s .
Beginnings
It can be said that The Semibeings started with the pseudo band “ The Political Manifestos ” in 1989 . Joseph Baker and Keith Monacchio became friends while attending Notre Dame High School in Lawrenceville , New Jersey , during the 80 's . Joe and brother Pat were involved in music from an early age . Joe purportedly has hundreds of cassette tapes filled with homemade albums he has made with the assistance of his brother from 1980 to the present including homemade album covers and liner notes for each . Irrationally fearing the criticism he felt he would receive if his peers knew of his hobby , Joe had kept this other life `` in the closet '' till he chose to reveal his secret to Keith who was interested in much of the same music Joe was into . Keith who was known around school as having a great singing voice had aspired to get involved with music himself , but had never had the opportunity until he discovered Joe 's secret . While living at Long Beach Island , N.J. during the summer of 1989 , Joe and Keith started writing songs together and recording them on cassette tapes as “ albums ” in the same way Joe had previously been doing and titled their band “ The Political Manifestos ” . During this time , Patrick Baker who had developed into a truly gifted guitarist and musician in his own right was busy with the role of lead guitarist as one of the original members of the local hard-core band Mouthpiece , co-writing their first EP .
After spending several years writing and recording music together just for its own sake , feeling that their music was good enough that others would like it , Keith persuaded Joe to try their hands at truly coming out of the closet and having a go professionally . Joe , whom feared they would be ridiculed decided that at 20 years old it was `` now or never '' and decided to give it his best effort . However , Keith had the voice but could n't play any musical instruments , while Joe had the creative ideas and wrote the songs but as a musician he was technically limited so it was inevitable that Pat should join . They originally called the band “ The Jamboree ” . After secretly rehearsing as a 3 piece for about 3 months , they played their first official show at Stevie T 's in Trenton in November 1991 playing a mixture of covers ( from the likes of Jane 's Addiction and R.E.M . ) and originals .
Etymology
The band continued to play shows and during a brainstorming session with Keith , Joe came up with the name “ Semibeings ” to title the band based on the idea that as people they perhaps were not living as fully or to their potential thus “ semi-being ” . It was also a pun about being crazy ; i.e . someone who is not quite “ all there ” . The word is only now starting to be used in the vernacular and as yet can not be traced to being used before the band .
Demos as art
At the time bands recorded “ demos ” which were usually cassette tapes consisting of 2 to 4 of the group 's best songs to send around to clubs or labels for potential shows or interest . The threesome decided to reinvent the demo format by recording full-length albums right away and sending those out in their entirety as their “ demos ” . The band 's first album was the self-titled “ The Semibeings ” released in early 1992 and which contained 8 songs followed later that year by the 17 song An Emotional Buffet both self-produced and recorded at SS Sound Studios in Hamilton , N.J. under the tutelage of the studio 's owner and engineer John Bailey whom the band affectionately nicknamed “ Mama ” . “ The Semibeings ” was more of a folk oriented album consisting of Keith and Joe sharing lead vocals with Joe and Pat sharing guitar duties and Pat handling the bass . All songs were written by Joe or with Joe and Keith collaborating on lyrics to Joe 's music . Wanting to make the music that was closer to their hearts ; that being rock music , Joe , Pat and Keith realized that they needed to expand the band to include a full-time bassist and drummer . Tom McDonald joined as bassist and Dave Von Bargen joined as drummer , both having been friend 's of Pat 's and involved in the local basement music scene in Hamilton . Pat , Tom and Dave had previously formed the metal based band Spiritual Sky , having opened for Rob Zombie 's White Zombie at the Fastlanes in Asbury Park , N.J. in the early nineties .
The follow-up to the first album was recorded as a five piece . Titled “ An Emotional Buffet ” , it wound up becoming a local classic . The tape even garnered attention from Alternative Press magazine who wrote “ This release is truly one eclectic gem . There are lots of surprises in the seventeen songs . I was seduced to keep listening to each and every one ” ( AP July 1994 ) . The band 's philosophy of sending out full-length albums as demos seemed like suicide to most , but wound up paying off for upon listening to “ An Emotional Buffet ” local promoter Randy Now i.e . ; ( Randy Ellis ) decided to book them as an opening act for the band Live at City Gardens . An unsigned local band opening up for national acts at the club was fairly unprecedented at the time , The Semibeings over the ensuing years opened for various national band 's at City Gardens including Jawbox , Shudder To Think , The Poster Children , and Superchunk as well as headlining at the club .
Shimmy Disc And C/Z
Around this time Joe moved to Boston and attended Boston College as a literature major while simultaneously traveling back and forth to New Jersey to complete “ An Emotional Buffet ” and play shows , eventually dropping out of school altogether . It was during this time that Keith started learn to play guitar and write his own songs as well as collaborating on songs with Pat . With Joe 's songs dominating “ An Emotional Buffet ” and the song writing collaborations between the two lessening , perhaps Keith 's survival instincts kicked in .
In early 1994 local label “ Inkling Records ” released a vinyl EP of new Semibeings work , which Keith promptly sent to legendary eccentric indie producer Kramer who immediately booked the band for sessions at his Noise New Jersey studio . The ensuing album Sickness and Health produced by Kramer was released on Shimmy Disc in early 1995 . At one point Kramer was quoted on the Shimmy Disc website as stating that he considered “ Sickness and Health ” among the five best Shimmy Disc releases of all time . KnitMedia eventually purchased “ Sickness and Health ” along with much of the rest of Shimmy Disc 's back catalogue .
Option Magazine reviewed the album stating “ This New Jersey quintet makes a Kramer-produced psychedelic sound that 's got one foot in the grave , one foot at a rave , and the middle leg pissing on the alterna-rock scene ” ( Option 1995 ) .
During this time , the band played a Shimmy Disc showcase at New York 's Knitting Factory alongside Kramer and Low ( band ) . Neil Strauss covering the show for the New York Times reported “ The Semi-Beings were two bands in one . The songs that the singer Joe Baker yowled were hazy , psychedelic rockers imbued with a touch of blues and a dash of dissonance ; the numbers sung by the gentler-voiced Keith Monacchio droned instead of rocked and were usually supported by the chiming and ringing of three acoustic guitars ” . ( New York Times , 1995 ) .
The band at this point started describing their music as “ acoustic folk punk ” and both their live sets and recordings included playing acoustic guitars through large Marshall amplifiers at high volumes which created a ringing feedback wall of sound .
Kramer and the band completed the follow-up Three Pawns Standing in 1996 , with the album being picked up and the band being signed to the legendary Seattle label C/Z which by this point was owned by former Skin Yard member Daniel House . C/Z also released their song Disco Of Bums on the final Teriyaki Asthma compilation .
The band played various Shimmy Disc showcases with Hugh Hopper and King Missile as well as making the rounds of east coast clubs like New York 's Brownies or The Stone Pony in Asbury Park , N.J , playing shows with Amandla , Chris Harford and regularly with Laura Dawn and her first band Fluffer as well as Shimmy Disc label mates Tin Ear . The band also played the West Beth Theatre in New York as a part of C/Z 's showcase in the 1997 CMJ music festival along with Gerald Collier and Moonshake .
The band also went on a cross-country tour in the summer of 1997 , but mainly played in Seattle while crashing at Daniel House 's house . They played a show with Damon and Naomi at Seattle 's Showbox .
Throughout all this the band lost and then regained Tom McDonald as bassist ( Dana Wasserman was bassist in the interim although never recording with the band ) as well as losing Dave Von Bargen and cycling through too many drummers to count . Eventually Pat would play drums on their recordings .
Endings
The four piece Semibeings of Joe , Pat , Keith and Tom went on to record The Semibeings Are Bums in 1998 at SS Sound Studios . The album was originally to be put out by C/Z but the label essentially dropped the band due to its own financial hardships . ( C/Z folded shortly after , with Daniel House eventually releasing tracks from `` Bums '' on his online label Weedfiles ) . Also , since 1994 they had worked on a concept album based around a `` nervous breakdown '' called Tales From the Microvoid . During the 1999 sessions , the fighting between the band members particularly between Keith and Joe escalated to the point where Keith left the band altogether . More and more it became evident that the two primary songwriters were writing very different material with the “ two bands in one ” getting to the point of being incompatible . The three remaining Semibeings finished off “ Tales from the Microvoid ” and disbanded .
The band in fact did split up into two very different bands with brothers Joe and Pat forming the short lived Junkygood and Keith and Tom forming The Commons . Junkygood made some recordings , most notably with Andrew Weiss from Rollins Band and Ween fame . Keith and Tom 's Common 's self-released a number of albums and in 2007 announced that they were disbanding . As of 2010 , Joe and Pat have formed a new band titled Bake , self-releasing their debut EP `` Summer Joy '' .
In reference to The Semibeings work , RollingStone.com stated “ Their intricate , dreamy songs have a propulsive and hard-edged quality that at times sounds like a non-distorted Screaming Trees or a more varied , faster Codeine . Some of the songwriting is shockingly gorgeous ” .
Discography
1992 - The Semibeings - Self-released
1992 - An Emotional Buffet - Self-released
1994 - The Semibeings 7 '' - Inkling Records - ( 3 song EP - `` I 'm A Man '' , `` In '' and `` I Am '' )
1995 - Sickness and Health - Shimmy Disc 078
1997 - Three Pawns Standing - C/Z Records
1998 - The Semibeings Are Bums - Unreleased
1994-1999 - Tales From The Microvoid - Unreleased
1999 - Teriyaki Asthma , Vols . 6-10-Various Artists - C/Z Records ( Compilation featuring the song `` Disco of Bums '' from the unreleased Semibeings album `` Tales from the Microvoid '' )
External links
Allmusic.com - [ Semibeings Biography ]
09/Jan/1995 POP REVIEW ; A Label Goes Onstage In Soft Mode nytimes.com
Musical groups from New Jersey
Artists from New Jersey
Alternative rock groups from New Jersey
Shimmy Disc artists
Khorgist
Khorgist District
Khorgam Rural District
Pompeo Zambeccari ( 1518–1571 ) was Apostolic Nuncio to Portugal from 1550 to 1553 and served also as Bishop of Valva and Sulmona .
Life
Pompeo Zambeccari was born in Bologna in 1518 . He undergoes tonsure ( and so entered in the clergy ) at the age of 12 and , supported by the Colonna family , in 1531 he was granted the incomes of the Abbey of Santo Spirito d'Ocre and later of the Abbey of Santa Maria di Bominaco . On 24 October 1541 he completed his studies earning a doctorate in utroque iure in the University of Bologna and he moved to Rome .
In Rome , Zambeccari undergo doctorate studies in Law at the Archiginnasio Romano ( as it was called at the time La Sapienza University ) , and joined the Accademia Romana where he met and was estimated by the humanists of the town . In the meantime he entered in the service of Cardinal Alessandro Farnese , nephew of Pope Paul III , and because of that he was appointed deputy of the Farfa Abbey and commander of the church of Santo Spirito in Sassia in Rome .
On 20 June 1536 he was appointed Protonotary apostolic and finally on 1 July 1547 he was appointed Bishop of Valva and Sulmona . The episcopal consecration followed on 3 April 1548 in the church of the Monastery of the Holy Spirit in Bologna by the hands of Cardinal Giovanni Morone .
In March 1550 Pompeo Zambeccari was appointed by Pope Julius III new Apostolic Nuncio to Portugal probably without having received detailed instructions . All his nunciature was marked by the lack of a true interest of Rome for the affairs of Portugal . In Portugal Pompeo was interested in the process of beatification of Gonçalo de Amarante . In spring 1552 Pompeo had meetings with king John III of Portugal in order to applicate in Portugal the decrees of the Council of Trent . In 1553 Rome sent Giovanni Francesco Mazza di Canobio to offer the title of Apostolic legate of Portugal to Cardinal Henry of Portugal , the brother of the king . Pompeo Zambeccari so left the Portugal on 25 November 1553 , and on 16 September 1554 he entered in Sulmona .
In the following years , Pompeo lived for long periods in Rome notwithstanding the requirement issued by the Council of Trent that bishop should live in their diocese . In Rome Pompeo renovated his family palace nearby the Basilica of the Santi Apostoli : such renovation was so impressive that in January 1554 Pope Julius III blamed him because Pompeo 's palace was even more majestic than the ones of the most important Cardinals .
Pompeo Zambeccari arrived in Trento in 17 January 1562 to attend the last session of the Council of Trent . He later returned to Sulmona where he renovated the Episcopal Palace . He had an illegitimate son , named Lepido .
He died in l'Aquila on 8 August 1571 and was buried in his Abbey of Santo Spirito d'Ocre , notwithstanding he had prepared for himself a burial in his family chapel in Basilica of the Santi Apostoli in Rome .
References
1518 births
1571 deaths
Clergy from Bologna
University of Bologna alumni
16th-century Italian Roman Catholic bishops
Apostolic Nuncios to Portugal
Participants in the Council of Trent
Diplomats from Bologna
Brauerei Gold Ochsen GmbH is a brewery located in Ulm , Germany .
History
The name Gold Ochsen is first mentioned in Ulm in 1499 . In 1597 , the innkeeper Gabriel Mayer founded the brewery and inn Zum Goldenen Ochsen in the historic center of Ulm . Over the following years , the firm had a number of changes in ownership .
In 1812 , the brewery was purchased by brewer and guild leader Jakob Wieland . In 1867 , his son sold the brewery to the Leibinger family , who retain ownership to this day . The brewery was relocated into a new building at the northern edge of the city . As a result of the Bombing of Ulm in World War II , the brewery only received light damage , although 81 % of the city center was destroyed .
In 1966 , the brewery received a contract to bottle products for PepsiCo , and has been offering soft drinks since then . For this purpose , a separate distribution company was established , the Ulmer Getränke Vertrieb GmbH , UGV . Gold Ochsen and its subsidiary UGV are still the largest beverage distribution companies in the Donau-Iller region .
In 1991 , Ulrike Freund became the fifth generation of her family to run the brewery , replacing her father August Leibinger , the previous managing director .
Since 2012 , the brewery has operated two bottling lines , that can each fill more than 40,000 bottles per hour .
In 2013 , PepsiCo announced a new production partnership with Radeberger Group , ending their longstanding business relationship with Gold Ochsen , effective at the end of 2016 . To replace much of this volume , Gold Ochsen has entered into a production and distribution relationship with Afri-Cola and Bluna .
References
1597 establishments in the Holy Roman Empire
Beer brands of Germany
Breweries in Baden-Württemberg
Breweries in Germany
Companies based in Ulm
The North Indian state of Himachal Pradesh is a state that has remained largely uninfluenced by Western culture . Himachal Pradesh is a multi-religion practising , multicultural and multilingual state . Some of the most commonly spoken languages are Hindi and the various Pahari languages . The Hindu communities residing in Himachal include the Brahmins , Rajputs , Kannets , Rathis and Kolis . There are also tribal population in the state which mainly comprise Gaddis , Kinnarms , Gujjars , Pangawals and Lahaulis .
Himachal is well known for its handicrafts . The carpets , leather works , shawls , paintings , metalware and woodwork are worth appreciating . Pashmina shawl is one of the products which is highly in demand not only in Himachal but all over the country . Himachali caps are also famous artwork of its people .
Local music and dance reflects the cultural identity of the state . Through their dance and music , they praise their gods during local festivals and other special occasions .
There are a number of fairs and festivals celebrated in Himachal Pradesh , including the temple fairs in nearly every region that are of great significance to this state .
The day-to-day food of Himachalis is very similar to the rest of the north India . They too have lentil , broth , rice , vegetables and bread , etc . As compared to other states in north India , non-vegetarian cuisine is more preferred . Some of the specialities of Himachal include Manee , Madeera , Pateer , Chouck , Bhagjery and chutney of til .
The Annual Festival of Kasol known as Himachal Hills Festival which take place from 27 to 30 December every year in Kasol .
People and culture
Around 96 % of the population of the state is of Hindus . The major communities include Brahmins , Rajputs , Choudharies , Kannets , Rathis and Kolis . The tribal population comprises the Gaddis , Kinnars , Jadun , Tanolis . Gujjars , Pangawals and Lahaulis . From the alpine pasture regions to the lower regions during the cold winter season are mainly Hindus . The Kinnars are the inhabitants of Kinnaur and they generally practice polyandry and polygamy . The Gujjars are nomadic people who rear buffalo herds and are mainly Muslim . The Lahaulis of Lahaul and Spiti and native of spiti , Kinnaur region mainly comprises Buddhists . A percentage of people are also Tibetans . Muslim , Christian and Sikhs .
Though Hindi is the state language , many people speak the various Western Pahari languages . A majority of the population is engaged in agricultural practices , however the more educated of them are now moving towards tertiary sectors .
As per the traditional dressing norms the dress of the Brahmin male includes dhoti , kurta , coat , waistcoat , turban and a hand towel while that of the Rajput male consists of tight fitting churidar pyjamas , a long coat and a starched turban . With the changing time the dress up of the people has now become a mixed one . Though the above-mentioned style is now hardly followed , people have started wearing western style of clothes .
The typical house is constructed of clay bricks and the roofs are of slate . In some areas the slate roof is also replaced by timber .
Arts and crafts
The handicraft that comes out of this state are the carpets , leather works , shawls , metalware , woodwork and paintings . Pashmina shawl is the pretty product which is in high demand not only in Himachal but all over the country . Colourful Himachali caps are also famous art work of the people . A tribe namely Dom is expert in manufacturing bamboo items like boxes , sofas , chairs , baskets and rack . Metalware of the state include utensils , ritualistic vessels , idols , gold and silver jewelleries .
Weaving , carving , painting , and chiselling are considered to be the part of the life of Himachalis . Himachal is well known for designing shawls especially in Kullu . The architecture , objects , shops , museums , galleries and craftsmen charm with the variety perfected through time .
Women take an active part in pottery and men in carpentry . For ages , wood is used in Himachal in the construction of homes , idols etc .
Music and dance
Music and dance of Himachal Pradesh reflects its cultural identity . Through their dance and music , they entreat their gods during local festivals and other special occasions . There are also dances that are specific to certain regions of the state .
Some of the dance forms of Himachal are Losar Shona Chuksam ( Kinnaur ) , Dangi ( Chamba ) , Gee Dance and Burah dance , ( Sirmour ) , Naati , Kharait , Ujagjama and Chadhgebrikar ( Kullu ) and Shunto ( Lahaul & Spiti ) .
The main dance form of Himachal Pradesh is nati .
People of the state generally prefer folk music . There is no classical form of music , as for the Himachal Pradesh is concerned .
Himachali dance forms are highly varied and quite complicated . These dances are very vital part of the tribal life . It reflects the culture and the tradition of Himachal Pradesh . Hardly any festivity here is celebrated without dancing . Some of the dance forms like Dulshol , Dharveshi , Drodi , Dev Naritya , Rakshas Nritya , Dangi , Lasa , Nati and Nagas are danced all over the region .
Fairs and festivals
Apart from the fairs and festivals that are celebrated all over India , there are a number of other fairs and festivals also that are at the high point of Himachal Pradesh . These festivals are the time for the Himachalis to adorn colourful dress and accessories and get mixed up with the rest of their kins . Some of these fairs and festivals in the upper regions are the Kullu Dussehra , Shivratri Fair ( Mandi ) , Shoolini Mela ( Solan ) , Minjar Fair ( Chamba ) , Mani Mahesh Chhari Yatra ( Chamba ) , Renuka fair ( Sirmaur ) , Lavi Trade Fair ( Rampur ) , Vrajeshwari fair ( Kangra ) , Jwalamukhi Fair ( Jwalamukhi ) , Holi Fair ( Sujanpur Tira ) , and Naina Devi Fair ( Bilaspur ) , Fulaich { Kinnaur valley } . In the lower regions of Himachal are temple Fairs in Una District such as the Peeplo Fair , the Bharoli Bhagaur Fair , the 'Mairi ' Guruduwara Fair , the 'Chintpurni ' temple Fair , the 'Kamakhya temple ' Fair , including the annual Himachal Hill Festival in the village Polian Purohitan during the fourth week of October . The centuries-old Sair festival is celebrated mainly in Shimla , Kangra , Mandi , Kullu and Solan districts every year in mid-September . It is celebrated to mark the end of the crop harvest and also the rakhi thread are removed and offered to the mother sairi .
Food
The day-to-day food of Himachalis is very similar to the rest of north India . They too have lentil , broth , rice , vegetables and bread , Rajmaha , Sidhu . As compared to other states in north India non-vegetarian cuisine is preferred . Traditionally , Himachali cuisine is dominated by red meat and wheat bread . Thick and rich gravy , with aromatic spices , is used in abundance as the base of many dishes . Dham is the traditional food served in marriages or other functions . Siddu , Patrode , Cheele and Babru are the authentic snack dishes of the state . Now , steamed momos ( dumplings ) and noodles are also readily available and popular with travellers who want to graduate to Indian food slowly . Some of the specialities of Himachal include Manee , Mandra or `` Madra '' , `` Palda '' , `` Redu '' Patrode , Chouck , Bhagjery and chutney of til ( sesame seeds ) .
References
External links
15 Delicious Food Items Of Himachal Pradesh
Sophie Wörishöffer , or Sophie Andresen ( 6 October 1838 in Pinneberg – 8 November 1890 in Altona , Hamburg ) was a German writer of over a dozen adventure stories for young people .
Reception
Though popular among their readership , and defended by modern scholars such as Karin Tuxhorn seeing Wörishöffer as apolitical , not racist - 'completely ordinary zeitgeist , it barely troubles anyone ... ' , Wörishöffer 's books were attacked by her contemporaries like Heinrich Wolgast - ' ... one often has the impression the author has written down his incredible tales with a certain satisfied mocking smile in the face of the credulous stupidity of the reading public . The same feeling is forced upon us time and time again with Wörishöffer . One impossibility is replaced by the next . '
Works
Wiederschen in Australien ( 1888 )
Das Naturforscherschiff , oder , Fahrt der Jungen Hamburger mit der Hammonia nach den Besitzungen ihres Vaters in der Südsee ( 1880 )
References
1838 births
1890 deaths
People from the Duchy of Holstein
People from Pinneberg
German children 's writers
German women children 's writers
19th-century German women writers
19th-century German writers
Ana María González ( born 13 April 1951 ) is a Spanish lyric soprano trained in Argentina , known for performing at the Teatro Colón from 1973 to 1994 . Although associated with the Italian lyric repertoire , she also excelled in lyric soprano roles of the French repertoire such as Manon , Marguerite , and Juliette , which brought her international fame .
Biography
Ana María González was two years old when she emigrated with her family to Mendoza , Argentina , where she began studying piano and singing with Franca Cavalieri , debuting on Radio Libertador de Mendoza at an early age . At age 17 she settled in Buenos Aires , where she perfected her skills at the Teatro Colón Higher Institute of Art , studying with the eminent Argentine soprano Hina Spani . She won the Gold Medal of the Fondo Nacional de las Artes .
González debuted at the Teatro Colón in 1973 as El niño in Ravel 's L'enfant et les sortilèges , followed by El retablo de maese Pedro , Gretel in Hansel and Gretel , and Micaela in Carmen ( with Régine Crespin in the title role ) in 1976 . She continued to appear at the Buenos Aires venue in roles such as Susanna , Gilda , Nannetta , Adina , Pamina , and Euridice ( with Margarita Zimmermann as Orfeo ) .
Later she assumed a repertoire of greater lyrical scope that included Mimi and Musetta in La bohème by Giacomo Puccini , as well as Magda ( La rondine ) and Liù ( Turandot ) by the same composer , Marguerite in Faust by Gounod ( in the staging by Sergio Renán ) , the title role in Massenet 's Manon , Anne Trulove in Stravinsky 's The Rake 's Progress , and Juliette in Gounod 's Roméo et Juliette ( directed by Cecilio Madanes in the 1977 season and revived in the 1980s ) .
In 1980 she was recognized as the best Argentine soprano of the season by the Asociación Verdiana Argentina .
She returned to the theater in Buenos Aires in 1993 and played Antonia in The Tales of Hoffmann together with Canarian tenor Alfredo Kraus .
Her international debut in Avignon in Roméo et Juliette was followed by Mimi in La bohème at Covent Garden , La Traviata at the Vienna State Opera and in Hamburg , Deutsche Oper am Rhein in Düsseldorf and Duisburg , the Paris Opera with Roméo et Juliette ( again with Alfredo Kraus ) , Bordeaux , Teatro Regio di Parma ( as Donna Elvira in Don Giovanni with Renato Bruson and Faust with Kraus ) , Modena ( The Tales of Hoffmann ) , Palermo ( La bohème ) , as well as performances in Mexico , Puerto Rico , Venezuela , Peru , Chile ( La rondine ) , and Uruguay ( Don Carlo and Turandot ) .
Other roles included Elisabetta in Don Carlo , Amelia in Simon Boccanegra , Nedda in Pagliacci , and Alice Ford in Falstaff .
In Spain she performed at the Gran Teatre del Liceu in Barcelona ( Roméo et Juliette , Manon , Pagliacci with Piero Cappuccilli ) , at the Palau de la Música ( Goyescas ) , in Madrid at the Teatro de la Zarzuela ( Roméo et Juliette , The Tales of Hoffmann , Don Giovanni , and Marina ) , at the Teatro de la Maestranza in Seville , Granada , Malaga , the Cuenca Festival , in Oviedo ( Marina , Simon Boccanegra , L'elisir d'amore , and Faust ) , in A Coruña ( La traviata and Liù in Turandot ) , in Santiago de Compostela , and in the opera festivals of Las Palmas and Tenerife .
Other appearances included Thaïs for the Massenet Festival of Saint-Étienne and the Opéra comique of Paris , Warsaw , Rotterdam , recitals with Giacomo Aragall , José Carreras , Giuseppe Giacomini , and zarzuela recitals with Alfredo Kraus in 1987 .
González dedicated herself to teaching as a professor at the Conservatori Superior de Música del Liceu in Barcelona and was invited to the centenary functions of the Teatro Colón in 2008 .
She was awarded the Gold Badge of the City of Oviedo as Illustrious Citizen , and the Konex Award as one of the five best singers in the history of Argentina in 1989 .
She is married to Argentine director and pianist .
Discography
Bach , Notebook for Anna Magdalena Bach . Coro Bach , Antonio Russo , Ana María González , – organ , QI-4076 .
Gounod , Faust . Alfredo Kraus , Nicola Ghiuselev , Teatro Regio di Parma/Alain Guingal .
Puccini , Turandot . Adelaida Negri , José Azocar , Ana María González , Erwin Schrott , SODRE of Montevideo - Symphony Orchestra of São Paulo , Enrique Ricci .
Música de la Catedral de Lima . Works by Pedro Durán , Manuel Gaytán y Arteaga , José de Orejón y Aparicio , Estacio Lacerna , Fabián García Pacheco , Joseph de Torres y Martínez Bravo . Coro de la Fundación Ars Musicalis . Jesús Gabriel Segade .
Royal Concerts Serie , Recital with Jaume Aragall . RTVE , DVD .
References
External links
1951 births
20th-century Argentine women opera singers
Conservatori Superior de Música del Liceu faculty
Living people
People from Oviedo
Spanish expatriates in Argentina
Spanish operatic sopranos
20th-century Spanish women opera singers
Tasta Idrettslag is a Norwegian association football club from Tasta , Stavanger , Rogaland .
It was established in 1963 . The men 's football team currently plays in the Fourth Division , the fifth tier of Norwegian football . The team played in the Third Division from 2000 to 2002 .
References
Official site
Football clubs in Norway
Sport in Stavanger
Association football clubs established in 1963
1963 establishments in Norway
Avenue Victor-Hugo is an avenue in the 16th arrondissement of Paris . It begins at place Charles de Gaulle ( also known as the Étoile ) and ends at place Tattegrain ( becoming avenue Henri-Martin ) . It is one of the twelve avenues beginning at the Étoile , and the second longest of the twelve , after the avenue des Champs-Élysées .
Its junction with the Étoile is between those of the avenue Foch and avenue Kléber . It runs along the colline de Chaillot . Halfway along it is place Victor-Hugo and the Line 2 Metro station Victor Hugo . Originally named avenue de Saint-Cloud , it was renamed avenue Victor Hugo in 1881 .
Crossing the whole northern part of the 16th arrondissement , over 1.825 km from the Étoile to the Muette , it is an average of 36m wide ( its first part , between the Étoile and the place Victor-Hugo , is wider than the second part , between place Victor Hugo and place Tattegrain ) . Planted with trees and decorated with a statue of its namesake at the junction with avenue Henri-Martin , it is one of the most prestigious avenues in Paris .
It includes several buildings by Pierre Humbert , such as numbers 122 and 167 ( the latter built in 1911 for Humbert 's family ) . Humbert also built number 124 , on the site of the hôtel particulier where Victor Hugo spent his last days ( having as his address `` Mr Victor Hugo , In his avenue , in Paris '' ) .
The Avenue was renamed after Hugo on 28 February 1881 ( the day after his 79th birthday ) . The 1907 building 's magnificent façade won several prizes and includes a sculpture of Hugo 's face by Fonquergne . The Haitian president Lysius Salomon died at number 3 on 19 October 1888 .
References
See also
16th arrondissement of Paris
16th arrondissement of Paris
Victor Hugo
Victor Hugo
Nan sheng nü sheng xiang qian chong ( Pinyin , In Chinese : `` 男生女生向前冲 '' , directly in English `` Race Forward , Boys and Girls ! '' ) is a Chinese game show which is based on one of Endemol USA 's best-selling game shows , Wipeout . Unlike the US version , this program has several changes to the original settings . The latest season is finished on October 24 , 2013 .
Basic facts
This show was premiered on July 1 , 2010 . Every summer the show is produced in Hefei , Anhui Province .
In the episodes there are usually 6 hosts , but sometimes 7 ( especially in the Knockouts since Season 2 ) . The hosts are selected from all channels of Anhui Television . There are 2 tracks with eight single obstacles ( in Season 1 , the number of obstacles was 6 ) in them , one is for male contestants , and the other one is for females . There are always 2 obstacles for all the players .
Current obstacles
In the current episodes , the obstacles are listed as follows :
Female 's track
Obstacle Number One : `` Mind the steps '' ( `` 步步生花 '' in Chinese )
In this obstacle , contestant must step on the `` Lotus '' about 80 centimeters above the pool , one by one .
Obstacle Number Two : `` The Trampolines '' ( `` 排山倒海 '' in Chinese )
There are two trampolines trembling above the pool . The contestant should walk through the quivering trampolines to finish the obstacle .
Obstacle Number Three : `` The Rings '' ( `` 龙凤双环 '' in Chinese )
There are two podiums standing 2.5 meters above the pool . The contestant 's job is going through the podiums to move on , just like triple long jump . Sounds easy ? But there are two pointers with rings turning around above the podiums , so you must dodge them to move on .
Obstacle Number Four : `` Turning Around '' ( `` 铁掌水上漂 '' in Chinese )
In this obstacle , there are three turntables turning in random directions . The contestant must race through the turntables . If someone lies on one single turntable for 3 seconds , the table will automatically turn faster so that she will be turned into the pool and out of the show .
Obstacle Number Five : `` Big Moves '' ( `` 乾坤大挪移 '' in Chinese )
This obstacle may be the most difficult and dangerous one of the show 's obstacles . The five platforms are turning in random directions and trembling . What 's more , the `` fists '' on all the platforms are manufacturing interference to the contestants , so he or she must overcome the shock and struggle to go through this obstacle .
Obstacle Number Six : `` Go Over the Beam '' ( `` 弹指神通 '' in Chinese )
Just like the English obstacle name , the contestant must go over the 8-meter-long beam , dodging the turning `` fingers '' to win .
Obstacle Number Seven : `` Dodge It '' ( `` 飞檐走壁 '' in Chinese )
The contestant must dodge both the swinging W-sized stand and the 2 turning columns to deal with it .
Obstacle Number Eight : `` The Final Stage '' ( `` 登峰造极 '' in Chinese )
This is the last and the easiest one of the tracks , just move on to the 6-meter-high final stage to win .
Male 's track
Obstacle Number One : `` Be Quick '' ( `` 箭步如飞 '' in Chinese )
This job may be easy , just switching yourself to the next obstacle . But the turning bars add the difficulty .
Obstacle Number Two : `` The Flabellums '' ( `` 排山倒海 '' in Chinese )
Three flabellums in a row are turning in the same direction , contestant must go with the flabellums to deal with this obstacle .
Obstacle Number Three : `` Rolling Down '' ( `` 腾云驾雾 '' in Chinese )
You must hug the cylinder on the huge stand and roll down beyond the pool .
Obstacle Number Four : `` Turning Around ''
It has the same setting as the Female 's Track 's Obstacle 4 .
Obstacle Number Five : `` Big Moves ''
It has the same setting as the Female 's Track 's Obstacle 5 .
Obstacle Number Six : `` Deck the Balls '' ( `` 斗转星移 '' in Chinese )
This obstacle is the same as Wipeout 's original obstacle , `` The Big Balls '' . But there is a flatbed before the last big ball , and the second one and the last one are moving up and down .
Obstacle Number Seven : `` The Fists '' ( `` 重拳出击 '' in Chinese )
There are 5 `` fists '' strembling ahead , so the contestant must go over the fists to move on . You can deal with them one by one or race over them at once .
Obstacle Number Eight : `` The Final Stage ''
It has the same setting as the Female 's Track 's Obstacle 8 .
Gameplay
Original game
Contestant must go over all the 8 single obstacles to win the prize . Unlike the US original version , if someone falls into the pool , termed `` Wipeout ! `` , he or she is eliminated . If he or she passes first 5 of the 8 obstacles , he or she will win a small prize instead .
The show uses a different mode to the US original version , the male players and female players play as single contestants , but work as two teams . Usually the people with the same gender play as the same team , but sometimes the team contains the same Family Name or the same hometown . The team with the smaller team to the other team will be punished by the presenters or the lifeguards .
Team Relay Job ( `` 队战接力 '' in Chinese )
This is introduced in Season 5 . The 8 contestants must work as a team , moving on and moving back . The track is divided into 4 parts , so there are 2 players in each part . If someone is wiped out , he or she is out of play .
The team leader , one of the hosts of the show , has an opportunity to save a contestant to play again . But the right can be used only ONCE during the whole episode . If the two contestants of one part are both wiped out , the leader should decide whether he or she wants to use it if the right is still available . If someone saved by his or her team leader is wiped out again , or both of the players are phased out , the game immediately ends and the team is automatically eliminated from the track .
The winner is the fastest team for both the two tracks , win the prize of CN￥20,000 ( $ 3,282 , £2,024 , or €2,374 ) in cash . If the winners of the two tracks are not the same team , each team will choose a contestant to play a one-on-one original game on the same track . The person who completes the most obstacles or finish the race with the shortest time wins the show , and the winning team wins the big cash .
The Knockouts
The Knockouts ' rules are the same as the US original version 's Wipeout Zone . The top 4 of each track are proceeded to the next round . In the Final , the winner wins a new car 's 100,000-kilometer right to use , while the runners-up win home appliance or small cash prizes .
The person who is wiped out in the game or falls behind the 4th ( sometimes the 3rd ) is phased out immediately and win nothing . If he or she has finished the task , small prizes are awarded .
The Hosts
The hosts are varied in different episodes . Unlike the original version which uses only three , this show uses 6 or 7 hosts , sometimes one on the backstage .
Current regular hosts
Although the show 's hosts are varied well , some of them are regularly seen on the stage as follows :
Wang Xiaochuan ( 王小川 ) - Born on October 12 , 1981 , from Lu'an , Anhui Province , usually hosts the Female Track in the original games , the Team Relay Job episodes and the Knockouts .
Wang Lele ( 王乐乐 ) - Born on October 3 , 1985 , from Hefei , Anhui Province , usually hosts the Male Track in the original games , the Team Relay Job episodes ' team leader and the Knockouts .
Yu Sheng ( 余声 ) - Born on July 7 , 1987 , from Hefei , Anhui Province , rarely seen in the original game episodes , but she is usually the team leader of the Team Relay Job episodes , and always hosts the Knockouts .
Song Qiuyi ( 宋秋熠 ) - Born on August 8 , 1988 , from Qingdao , Shandong Province , often hosts the original game episodes , and the Knockout 's final stage .
Sun Pengfei ( 孙鹏飞 ) - Born on August 14 , 1988 , from Yantai , Shandong Province , usually accompanies Song Qiuyi in some episodes , and plays a role in the Team Relay Job episodes .
Ma Ying ( 马滢 ) - The show 's second oldest host ( the oldest is Zhou Qun ) , born on November 4 , 1978 , from Hefei ( former Chaohu City ) , Anhui Province , replaced Zhou Qun as one of the Team Relay Job episodes ' hosts when Zhou had other things to do .
Guest hosts
There are some guest hosts which are rarely seen , such as Lu Yao , Bai Yu ( one of the hosts who are often seen on the backstage ) , Chen Qi , Xu Yifei , and so on . They are all selected from all the television channels of Anhui TV Network .
Top Prize Winners
Note : The 2010 and 2011 winners are unknown .
Special Edition
Kids Edition : `` 加油好baby '' ( Chinese )
There is an everyday studio-based kids edition of this program called `` 加油好baby '' ( Combined with Simplified Chinese and English ) , premiered at Anhui TV on January 18 , 2014 .
Format and Settings
The contestants are families whose child is between 8 months to one year and a half .
The child must climb over the 12-meter long track in one minute and a half . He or she should get over the temptation zones , climb uphill and go over the obstacle . Failure to do these jobs in the allowed time , the father should stand in the `` Punishment Zone '' and be hit into the pool by the `` Whale '' at the end of the punishment zone .
Standing is prohibited in this game .
Prizes
Completing the temptation zone , the contestant will win a cooker worth CN¥ 800 ( US $ 132 , € 97.5 , £ 80.3 ) ; finishing the uphill zone , an electric bicycle worth CN¥ 2,000 ( US $ 330 , € 244 , £ 201 ) instead ; crossing the finish line , the ultimate prize is an air conditioning worth CN¥ 3,500 ( US $ 581 , € 427 , £ 351 ) .
References
Further Reading Links
Wipeout ( The United States Version )
External links
Chinese game shows
Ed O'Keefe ( born 1983 ) is an American political correspondent .
Edward , Eddie or Ed O'Keefe may also refer to :
Ed O'Keefe ( footballer ) ( 1913–1986 ) , Australian rules half-back
Edward O'Keefe ( born 1978 ) , American presidential librarian
Eddie O'Keefe ( born 1988 ) , American director of Shangri-La Suite
See also
Edward O'Keeffe ( born 1942 ) , Irish politician a/k/a Ned O'Keeffe
Pyarjung is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal . At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2256 people living in 443 individual households .
2015 Nepal earthquake
The village was affected by the earthquake on 25 April 2015 . It along with Bichaur , Ilampokhari , Dudhpokhari , Gaudu , and Kolki were the most affected villages in Lamjung district .
References
External links
UN map of the municipalities of Lamjung District
Populated places in Lamjung District
John Colshull ( died 1413 ) , of Friday Street , London , was an English Member of Parliament for Cornwall in 1391 , 1394 , January 1397 and 1399 . He was also common councillor in Vintry , twice sheriff of Cornwall , a justice of the peace in Cornwall , steward of the duchy estates in Cornwall , and deputy butler at London and Sandwich . He was the father of John , who died in 1418 .
References
14th-century births
1413 deaths
English MPs 1391
English MPs 1394
English MPs January 1397
English MPs 1399
14th-century English politicians
Members of the Parliament of England ( pre-1707 ) for Cornwall
Councilmen of the City of London
High Sheriffs of Cornwall
English justices of the peace
Stewards ( office )
British butlers
Sabir Medgidovich Gusein-Zade ( ; born 29 July 1950 in Moscow ) is a Russian mathematician and a specialist in singularity theory and its applications .
He studied at Moscow State University , where he earned his Ph.D. in 1975 under the joint supervision of Sergei Novikov and Vladimir Arnold . Before entering the university , he had earned a gold medal at the International Mathematical Olympiad .
Gusein-Zade co-authored with V. I. Arnold and A. N. Varchenko the textbook Singularities of Differentiable Maps ( published in English by Birkhäuser ) .
A professor in both the Moscow State University and the Independent University of Moscow , Gusein-Zade also serves as co-editor-in-chief for the Moscow Mathematical Journal . He shares credit with Norbert A'Campo for results on the singularities of plane curves .
Selected publications
S. M. Gusein-Zade . `` Dynkin diagrams for singularities of functions of two variables '' . Functional Analysis and Its Applications , 1974 , Volume 8 , Issue 4 , pp . 295–300 .
S. M. Gusein-Zade . `` Intersection matrices for certain singularities of functions of two variables '' . Functional Analysis and Its Applications , 1974 , Volume 8 , Issue 1 , pp . 10–13 .
A. Campillo , F. Delgado , and S. M. Gusein-Zade . `` The Alexander polynomial of a plane curve singularity via the ring of functions on it '' . Duke Mathematical Journal , 2003 , Volume 117 , Number 1 , pp . 125–156 .
S. M. Gusein-Zade . `` The problem of choice and the optimal stopping rule for a sequence of independent trials '' . Theory of Probability & Its Applications , 1965 , Volume 11 , Number 3 , pp . 472–476 .
S. M. Gusein-Zade . `` A new technique for constructing continuous cartograms '' . Cartography and Geographic Information Systems , 1993 , Volume 20 , Issue 3 , pp . 167–173 .
References
External links
Living people
20th-century Russian mathematicians
1950 births
21st-century Russian mathematicians
Differential geometers
International Mathematical Olympiad participants
Moscow State University alumni
Moscow State University faculty
Independent University of Moscow faculty
Mathematicians from Moscow
Sabana Seca is a barrio in the municipality of Toa Baja , Puerto Rico . Its population in 2010 was 53,192 .
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States . In 1899 , the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the population of Sabana Seca barrio was 737 .
Sectors
Barrios ( which are roughly comparable to minor civil divisions ) in turn are further subdivided into smaller local populated place areas/units called sectores ( sectors in English ) . The types of sectores may vary , from normally sector to urbanización to reparto to barriada to residencial , among others .
The following sectors are in Sabana Seca barrio :
, and .
See also
2009 Sabana Seca massacre
List of communities in Puerto Rico
List of barrios and sectors of Toa Baja , Puerto Rico
References
Barrios of Toa Baja , Puerto Rico
Stamford Association Football Club is an English association football club based in Stamford , Lincolnshire . They currently compete in the .
History
The club was established in 1896 and spent a single season in the East Midlands League . After several years without league football , the club joined the Northamptonshire League in 1909 , and won the title in 1911–12 . In 1933 the league was renamed the United Counties League . The club came to be known as `` The Daniels '' after Daniel Lambert , often cited as England 's heaviest ever man , a Stamford resident .
They left the league in 1939 , but after a season in the Peterborough & District League , they rejoined the UCL in 1946 . They won the league 's Knockout Cup in 1952 , a season in which they also won the Lincolnshire Senior B Cup . In 1955 they left the league again to join the Central Alliance , before joining the Midland League . In 1972 they returned to the UCL . They were champions in 1975–76 as well as winning the league cup and reaching the final of the FA Vase , where they lost 1–0 to Billericay Town after extra time . They won the league again in 1977–78 and the Lincolnshire Senior A Cup in 1978–79 . They then went on to win the league three times in a row between 1979–80 and 1981–82 , as well as the Knockout Cup in 1979–80 and 1981–82 and the FA Vase in 1979–80 , when Guisborough Town were defeated 2–0 in the final . In 1983–84 they reached the final for a third time , but lost 3–2 to Stansted .
After the winning the UCL Premier Division title again in 1996–97 and 1997–98 , Stamford joined the Midland Division of the Southern League , which was renamed the Eastern Division at the end of their first season . In 2003–04 they finished seventh and were promoted to the Premier Division due to league restructuring , but were relegated after a single season . In 2005–06 they reached the promotion play-offs , and after defeating Barking & East Ham United 3–2 in the semi-finals , they beat Wivenhoe Town 2–1 in the final with a goal from Mark Foster to earn promotion .
Stamford fared better in their second Premier Division stint finishing the campaign in eighth place . The season ended with silverware as the Daniels claimed their fifth different county cup , beating Brigg Town to win the Senior Shield at Lincoln City 's Sincil Bank Stadium .
At the end of July 2012 Chris Rivett joined the board of directors and was appointed as Chairman two weeks later . Under his stewardship , during the 2012–13 season the club announced that together with the town 's college they were going to move into a new stadium on Ryhall Road , Stamford for the 2014–15 season .
Drury left The Daniels halfway through the 2012–13 season to take charge of Boston United so in January 2013 the board gave Wayne Hatswell his managerial debut with current player David Staff as his assistant . Hatswell guided Stamford to the play-offs , finishing 4th to set up a semi-final trip to 3rd place Belper . Recovering form 2–0 down after 10 minutes , Stamford won the game 4–2 to set up a play-off final at home to Chasetown . A bumper crowd of 864 saw Stamford win 2–1 to gain promotion to the Northern Premier League Premier Division for the first time since 2008 . Stamford then had another managerial change with Hatswell leaving for a coaching role at League 2 Newport County . His deputy David Staff was promoted for his first managerial position for the 2013-2014 campaign . The season culminated in winning the Lincolnshire Senior Trophy in the final against Brigg Town .
The 2014–15 season was the last started at the Wothorpe Road ground , and their last game there on 22 November before the club moved to their new home at the Zeeco Stadium . On 13 December 2014 the club started a new chapter with the first game in the Zeeco Stadium . Unfortunately it took longer than expected to get their first home league win - it came down to the last game of the season ( April 2015 ) against Witton Albion - when the win was the only way to stay in the Premier Division .
The 2016–17 season saw The Daniels reach the first round proper of the FA Cup for the first time after beating National League side Wrexham 3–2 away in a 4th qualifying round replay . In their first round tie they were beaten 3-0 by League Two side Hartlepool United .
Ground
From the formation of the club in 1896 until the end of 2014 the club played on Hanson 's Field in Kettering Road , St Martins . When the Burghley Estate , owners of the land , decided to redevelop that site for housing a new stadium was built in conjunction with the nascent Sports Institute of New College , Stamford at Borderville on Ryhall Road , to the north of town . The stadium has a terrace behind one of the goals as well as an all-seated stand along one side of the pitch with room for 300 spectators .
The first game at the Borderville ground was on 13 December 2014 in a Northern Premier League match against Nantwich Town . The highest attendance at the Borderville ground is 1,572 set on 10 July 2019 when Stamford played League One side Peterborough United in a Pre-Season Friendly .
Squad
References
External links
Football clubs in England
United Counties League
Southern Football League clubs
Northern Premier League clubs
Sport in Stamford , Lincolnshire
Football clubs in Lincolnshire
1896 establishments in England
Association football clubs established in 1896
Trevor Wallace ( 23 January 1912 – 27 June 1980 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with North Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Notes
External links
1912 births
1980 deaths
Australian rules footballers from Victoria ( Australia )
North Melbourne Football Club players
The current state flag of Tasmania was officially adopted following a proclamation by Tasmanian colonial Governor Sir Frederick Weld on 25 September 1876 , and was first published in the Tasmanian Gazette the same day . The governor 's proclamation here were three official flags , they being the Governor 's flag , the Tasmania Government vessel flag , and a Tasmania merchant flag . Up until 1856 when Tasmania was granted responsible self-government , the Union flag and the British ensign were primarily used on state occasions .
The flag consists of a defaced British Blue Ensign with the state badge located in the fly . The badge is a white disk with a red lion passant in the centre of the disk . There is no official record of how the lion came to be included on the flag , but it is assumed that the red lion is a reference to Great Britain . This flag has remained almost unchanged since 1875 , with only a slight change of the style of the lion when the flag was officially adopted by the government in 1975 , although this was a mistake , as it had already been officially gazetted by the colonial government in 1876 .
History
Following the establishment of permanent British sovereign possession of the lands of Tasmania . Tasmania was granted responsible self-government in 1856 , but the colony did not receive its own flag until Queen Victoria had first proposed on 7 August 1869 , that the colony of Tasmania ( and the other Australian colonies ) should adopt a Union flag defaced in the centre with the State Badge . Prior to the official adoption of a local flag , an unofficial merchant ensign was occasionally used :
The first local flag of Tasmania was adopted by proclamation of Tasmanian colonial Governor Sir Frederick Weld on 9 November 1875 . The flag had a white cross on a blue field , in the canton was the Union Flag , and in the fly was five five-pointed stars of the Southern Cross . The British Blue Ensign and Red Ensign ( for use respectively by government vessels and by those privately owned ) were to have a white cross added . At the fly end of each flag , a Southern Cross was to be formed of white stars added above and below the horizontal arm of the cross . Two weeks later , on 23 November , those flags were officially abandoned because Henry Herbert , 4th Earl of Carnarvon , the Secretary of State for the Colonies in London made it clear that only a single badge could be placed at the fly end of the ensign , as set out by rule of the British Admiralty .
A year later the Tasmanian government decided , with the British Admiralty 's approval , that the badge for the colony would be a red lion on a white disk . Originally the lion was to be gold in colour , above a golden torse , which the new flag omitted in favour of a more traditional red .
A British Blue Ensign with the badge served Tasmanian government vessels , and privately owned vessels were to fly an un-defaced British Red Ensign . After Tasmania became a state on 1 January 1901 , the Tasmanian Blue Ensign was rarely used and was reserved for official purposes . Most vessels soon preferred to fly the Australian Red Ensign .
On 3 December 1975 , a government proclamation by Governor Sir Stanley Burbury , and endorsed by Premier Bill Neilson established it as the official Tasmanian flag , although it had technically already been 'officially ' adopted when it was gazetted in 1876 . Since that time it has been acceptable for private citizens to use the flag , although it is uncommon to see them doing so .
Controversy
It has been suggested that the Tasmanian state flag is not representative of the island , and should be changed to something more suitable . The impetus to change the state flag is a part of the broader push to change the national flag of Australia .
On 8 June 2020 , online news website Tasmanian Times launched a public competition calling for designs to replace the existing flag .
Devices
The flag of Tasmania has two distinct symbols , the Union Flag ( also known as the Union Jack ) , and the State Badge of Tasmania .
As with the flag of Australia , the Union Flag is thought locally to symbolise Australia 's history as six British colonies and the principles upon which the Australian Federation is based , Australian Flag Society although a more historic view sees its inclusion in the design as demonstrating loyalty to the British Empire .
Construction
Unlike the national flag , the flag of Tasmania is not enshrined and protected by any acts of state or Commonwealth government . As a result , there are no official legal requirements for the construction of the flag of Tasmania . However , tradition and decorum dictate that is should be :
the Union Jack occupying the upper quarter next the staff ;
the fly is to be wholly blue , in line with the British Blue Ensign ;
the State Badge is to be situated with its centre halfway between the edge of the canton and the end of the fly , and a third of the distance from the bottom of the flag ;
Colours
The colours of the flag , although not specified by the Flags Act , have been given the same Pantone specifications as the national flag . The Australian Government 's Style Manual for Authors , Editors and Printers also gives CMYK and RGB specifications for depicting the flag in print and on screen respectively .
Governor 's flag
The Governor of Tasmania , being the representative of the Tasmanian head of state , the Queen of Australia , is officially granted a flag for use on all official occasions . It is identical in design and construction to the flag of Tasmania , except that it features a St. Edward 's Crown above the badge to represent vice-regal power .
When the Governor of Tasmania is resident at Government House it is flown from the roof , and it is also used as a car flag . The Governor of Tasmania 's flag was officially adopted in February 1977 by an act of the Parliament of Tasmania .
See also
Coat of arms of Tasmania
List of Australian flags
Flags of the Governors of the Australian states
Notes
External links
Tasmania
Tasmania
Tasmania
Tasmania
1876 establishments in Australia
Tasmania
Flags displaying animals
The Gormogon is a fictional character featured in a story arc of Season 3 of the Fox drama Bones .
Background and development
The Gormogon was introduced as a cannibalistic serial killer in the third-season premiere , `` The Widow 's Son in the Windshield '' , and has made appearances in the form of teeth marks on bones examined by the Jeffersonian scientists . He makes his first on-screen appearance in `` The Knight on the Grid '' ( episode 8 ) , although his former master , Arthur Graves , appears earlier in that episode , and his late apprentice , Jason Harkness ( Andrew James Allen ) , appeared in the season premiere . Before the season finale `` The Pain in the Heart '' , reviewers and fans speculated that the audience has actually already met him , perhaps being psychologist Dr. Lance Sweets .
This belief was partially validated later in the season when the show 's executive producer , Hart Hanson , stated in an interview with EW.com that either the Gormogon or his apprentice is someone the fans are fond of . In the season finale , this statement is confirmed when Dr. Brennan finds that Zack Addy had lied about some of his earlier conclusions , leading Dr. Brennan and Agent Seeley Booth to realize that Zack must be the apprentice . The team finally tracks down the Gormogon with the information provided by Zack as to the location of the Gormogon 's home , and Booth kills him ; he has not been given a name , and he has been described by Sweets as `` a nobody , an invisible man , angry at history for not seeing him '' . The stunt performer — Laurence Todd Rosenthal — who played the current ( and presumably last ) Gormogon , went uncredited ; the character had no spoken dialogue and appeared on screen only briefly .
Modus operandi
When particles left on a victim 's skull led Dr. Temperance Brennan and Seeley Booth to a vault in an old bank , they discover tapestries , paintings , books , and other artifacts related to a number of mystical orders and traditions , including Kabbalah , Freemasonry , and Gnosticism . One of these tapestries included the imagery of the wolf , a symbol of freedom and power , which reflected in the killer 's dentures , which were made exclusively with real canine teeth only ( canines being symbolic of the wolf ) . The key feature of the vault is a silver skeleton arranged in a `` widow 's son '' pose , a position known to the ancient Greeks as one of sacrifice . Parts of the silver skeleton had been replaced with actual bone , which bear teeth marks from two different individuals , suggesting ritualistic consumption of flesh . The vault also yields a tapestry whose pattern corresponds to specific locations in Washington , D.C. and to tarot cards showing different archetypes , such as the Musician , the Bishop , and the Corruptor . The map provides a schematic for the Gormogon 's activities , including the atomic location of the sculpture and of another , older sculpture and the residence of the Gormogon 's old master , and the order of archetypes which are being integrated , via their bones , into the sculpture .
Inspiration
The Gormogons were an anti-Masonic order of the 18th century . They are mentioned in scattered writings of the era , and accusations of association with them may have been used as a political weapon , as the very existence of the order involved a rejection of Masonic ideas . However , only the name has any relevance on the show , as Hodgins borrows it to refer to the killer for his dual reverence for and apparent dislike of secret societies and fraternal orders , including the Knights of Columbus . Hodgins ' and Sweets ' understanding of typical practices among orders , such as the master-apprentice relationship , ritualistic meals , and sacred geometry inform the ongoing investigation of the murders .
Known victims
Two skeleton sculptures have been found , one of which was constructed by Arthur Graves and the current Gormogon , the other by Jason Harkness and the current Gormogon . The former was completely made of bone , while the latter was still mostly silver . Not all the victims have yet been identified , but at least one bone in each sculpture was added for its significance to its owner . The three victims named below all lost their fathers at young ages , making them `` widows ' sons '' and thus doubly symbolic as a sacrifice to the Gormogon . They were all involved with a trip to the Anatolian region of Turkey , and associated with the Knights of Columbus .
Gavin Nichols , a violinist . His little finger , essential for his art , is added to the silver skeleton , and he corresponds to the Musician tarot card on the Gormogon 's schematic .
Father Douglas Cooper , a bishop . His kneecaps , essential in prayer , are added ( by Brennan ) to the silver skeleton , and he corresponds to the Bishop tarot card on the Gormogon 's schematic .
Mr. Porter , a lobbyist . As would be expected judging by his profession , his mandible , being a component associated with speech , is sent to Brennan . He corresponds to the Corruptor tarot card on the Gormogon 's schematic . When Dr. Addy is revealed as the current apprentice of the Gormogon , it is established that he had killed Porter . Later on in the fourth season , it is revealed that Zack is , in fact , not the original killer , but an `` accessory '' to the killing . Porter 's actual killer is the Gormogon 's second apprentice , who the Gormogon had killed before recruiting Zack , contrary to Zack admitting to the murder in the season 3 finale . In season 12 's `` The Day in the Life '' , Zack is exonerated for his murder by the Jeffersonian team .
The Apprentice , the Gormogon 's apprentice before Zack . Murdered by the Gormogon to make way for Zack to take his place as `` there can only ever be two . '' His body was eventually located in `` The Steal in the Wheels '' and used to exonerate Zack for the murder of Mr. Porter .
An unnamed SWAT officer , potentially . When Booth and SWAT stormed the Gormogon 's home , he threw a knife into the officer 's chest , apparently killing ( or at least wounding ) him .
An unknown victim . When Booth and SWAT stormed the Gormogon 's home , he was seen eating a piece of meat , which was most likely human . Zack told them that if they smelled meat cooking , it would mean the Gormogon had claimed another victim . The identity of this person has not been revealed .
Related episodes
3.01 – `` The Widow 's Son in the Windshield ''
3.04 - `` The Secret in the Soil '' ( Hodgins mentions 'German guy ' responsible for 'Widow 's Son killings ' and Zack asks for more details )
3.06 – `` Intern in the Incinerator '' ( mentioned as suspect , not responsible for killings )
3.08 – `` The Knight on the Grid ''
3.15 – `` The Pain in the Heart ''
4.05 – `` The Perfect Pieces in the Purple Pond ''
4.14 - `` The Hero in the Hold ''
12.06 – `` The Flaw in the Saw '' ( photo of crime scene of Ray Porter 's murder )
12.09 – `` The Steal in the Wheels '' ( The Apprentice 's remains )
References
Fictional serial killers
Gormogon , The
Fictional cannibals
Television characters introduced in 2007
Male characters in television
Thala Rock is an isolated , submerged rock lying off the Vestfold Hills , about 0.3 nautical miles ( 0.6 km ) from the western point of Turner Island , bearing 250 . The depth of water over the rock probably does not exceed 1 fathom . The rock was struck by the Thala Dan on January 16 , 1959 , when approaching Davis Anchorage with the ANARE ( Australian National Antarctic Research Expeditions ) relief expedition . Named after the Thala Dan .
Rock formations of Princess Elizabeth Land
Yankees is an album of improvised music by Derek Bailey , John Zorn & George Lewis . The album was released as an LP by Celluloid in 1983 and was reissued on CD by Celluloid ( from a vinyl source ) and Charly ( from the original master tape ) . It was the first recorded meeting of John Zorn and Derek Bailey . The two men would later release the album , Harras , with William Parker in 1993 . Zorn and Lewis would collaborate further on News for Lulu ( 1988 ) and More News for Lulu ( 1993 ) with Bill Frisell .
Reception
The AllMusic review by `` Blue '' Gene Tyranny awarded the album 4 stars calling it `` Subtle , droll , hilarious takes on the trivia of baseball sounds '' .
The Penguin Guide to Jazz observed : `` Though a collaborative effort , this more and more feels like a Zorn project . It is one of the great improvisation records of the decade and is a key item in what turned out to be a vintage year ... A record to cherish '' .
Track listing
All compositions by Bailey/Lewis/Zorn
`` City , City , City '' – 8:29
`` The Legend of Enos Slaughter '' – 9:27
`` Who 's on First ? '' – 3:15
`` On Golden Pond '' – 17:49
`` The Warning Track '' – 5:47
Personnel
Derek Bailey – guitar
George Lewis – trombone
John Zorn – alto saxophone
References
1983 albums
John Zorn albums
Derek Bailey ( guitarist ) albums
George E. Lewis albums
Albums produced by John Zorn
Celluloid Records albums
This is a list of people who have served as Lord Lieutenant of Durham .
Henry Neville , 5th Earl of Westmorland 1552– ?
Henry Hastings , 3rd Earl of Huntingdon 2 August 1586 – 1595
vacant
Robert Carr , 1st Earl of Somerset 4 February 1615 – 20 November 1617
Richard Neile , Bishop of Durham 20 November 1617 – 10 December 1627
vacant
John Howson , Bishop of Durham 13 October 1628 – 6 February 1632
Thomas Morton , Bishop of Durham 30 July 1632 – 1642
Sir Henry Vane 1642 ( Parliamentary )
Interregnum
Thomas Belasyse , 2nd Viscount Fauconberg 27 July 1660 – 1661
John Cosin 13 September 1661 – 15 January 1672
In commission 18 April 1672 – 19 November 1674
Charles Howard , 1st Earl of Carlisle
William Widdrington , 2nd Baron Widdrington
Edward Villiers
Sir Christopher Conyers , 2nd Baronet
Sir Ralph Cole , 2nd Baronet
Sir Gilbert Gerard , 1st Baronet
Sir George Vane
Sir James Clavering , 1st Baronet
Henry Lambton
John Tempest
William Blakeston
Cuthbert Carre
Ralph Davison
Sir Francis Bowes
Nathaniel Crew , 3rd Baron Crew , Bishop of Durham 19 November 1674 – 1689
Richard Lumley , 1st Earl of Scarbrough 27 February 1690 – 1712
Nathaniel Crew , 3rd Baron Crew , Bishop of Durham 8 May 1712 – 1714
Richard Lumley , 1st Earl of Scarbrough 16 December 1714 – 17 December 1721
William Talbot , Bishop of Durham 10 January 1722 – 10 October 1730
Edward Chandler , Bishop of Durham 11 December 1730 – 20 July 1750
vacant
Henry Vane , 1st Earl of Darlington 21 March 1753 – 6 March 1758
Henry Vane , 2nd Earl of Darlington 11 July 1758 – 8 September 1792
William Vane , 1st Duke of Cleveland 26 November 1792 – 29 January 1842
Charles William Vane , 3rd Marquess of Londonderry 7 April 1842 – 6 March 1854
George Lambton , 2nd Earl of Durham 31 March 1854 – 27 November 1879
George Vane-Tempest , 5th Marquess of Londonderry 15 January 1880 – 6 November 1884
John Lambton , 3rd Earl of Durham 2 December 1884 – 18 September 1928
Charles Stewart Henry Vane-Tempest-Stewart , 7th Marquess of Londonderry 14 June 1928 – 1949
John Lawson , 1st Baron Lawson 28 April 1949 – 1958
Christopher Vane , 10th Baron Barnard 20 October 1958 – 19 October 1964
Sir James Fitzjames Duff 18 February 1964 – 24 April 1970
John Vane , 11th Baron Barnard 1 October 1970 – 21 April 1988
David James Grant 21 April 1988 – 30 January 1997
Sir Paul Nicholson 30 January 1997 – 7 March 2013
Susan Snowdon 8 March 2013 – present
Deputy lieutenants
A deputy lieutenant of Durham is commissioned by the Lord Lieutenant of Durham . Deputy lieutenants support the work of the lord-lieutenant . There can be several deputy lieutenants at any time , depending on the population of the county . Their appointment does not terminate with the changing of the lord-lieutenant , but they usually retire at age 75 .
19th Century
11 April 1831 : John Pratt , Esq .
11 April 1831 : Leonard Raisbeck , Esq .
11 April 1831 : Robert Appleby , Esq .
11 April 1831 : William Hodgson , Esq .
11 April 1831 : John Fawcett , Esq .
11 April 1831 : William Mills , Esq .
11 April 1831 : Thomas Greenwell , Esq .
11 April 1831 : George Townshend Fox , Esq .
14 March 1848 : Robert Duncombe Shafto , Esq .
21st Century
18 June 2015 : Dr Jon Levick
18 June 2015 : Dame Maura Regan ,
18 June 2015 : Derek Winter
18 June 2015 : Lady Sarah Nicholson
References
External links
Official website of the Lieutenancy
Durham
The Baylor Bears softball team represents Baylor University in NCAA Division I softball . They play their home games at Getterman Stadium in Waco , Texas . The team 's current head coach is Glenn Moore , a position he 's held since the 2000 season .
Championships
Conference Championships
Coaching staff
Notable players
Conference awards
Big 12 Pitcher of the Year
Whitney Canion ( 2009 )
Whitney Canion ( 2014 )
Big 12 Freshman of the Year
Brette Reagan ( 2006 )
Kirsten Shortridge ( 2007 )
Whitney Canion ( 2009 )
Sarah Smith ( 2013 )
Big 12 Defensive Player of the Year
Jessie Scroggins ( 2017 )
References
Gunaseelam Vishnu Temple ( Abhimana Sthalam ) is a Hindu temple dedicated to Vishnu located from Trichy , in the South Indian state of Tamil Nadu . It is located on the banks of river Kaveri . A visit temple is believed to be a curative to the mentally challenged people , who are taken to the temple and kept in the temple premises for 48 days . At the end of the 48 days it is believed that their illness is cured by the grace of the presiding deity , Prasanna Venkatachalapathi . The temple has set up a mental health rehabilitation centre that has the official stamp of the Tamil Nadu Government license , the first of its kind in Tamil Nadu .
The temple has six daily rituals at various times from 6:30 a.m. to 8:30 p.m. , and three yearly festivals on its calendar . The annual Brahmotsavam ( prime festival ) is an eleven-day festival attended by thousands of devotees from far and near . The temple is maintained by a hereditary executive trustee .
Etymology
The name of the place Gunaseelam derives from `` Gunam '' ( meaning cure ) and `` Seelam '' ( meaning place ) , meaning the place in which illness is cured . `` Gunam '' also means qualities and `` seelam '' also means `` Assuming a lower position '' . Hence Gunaseelam is the place where Vishnu comes down and addresses the devotees problems from his heavenly position .
Legend
In Bhavishyotra Puranam , one finds reference to the significance of this temple in Gunaseela Mahaatmiyam . Thaalpiya Maharishi along with his disciple Gunaseela Rishi once went to the Himalayas . On his way back , Gunaseela Rishi stayed back at Tirupathi and was so attracted to Lord Venkatachalapathy that he wanted the Lord to appear in Gunaseelam and bless the devotees .
He came back , bathed in the Cauvery and undertook severe penance here in his ashram in Gunaseelam . Impressed with his sincerity , the Lord appeared before him along with Goddess and promised to remain here till the end of Kali Yuga . Pleased with the darshan of Prasanna Venkatachalapathy , Gunaseela Maharishi continued to offer his daily poojas to the lord from his ashram here . At the end of the Dvapara Yuga , the Gunaseela Maharishi 's Guru wanted him to go to Naimisaaranyam . Gunaseela Rishi designated his young disciple to continue the daily poojas . However , floods in the Cauvery and dangerous animals in the forest led the disciple to flee the place and thus the poojas came to an abrupt end . The Lord decided to hide himself in a pit . After several years , Chola king Nyana Varma , who ruled this place with Uraiyur as the capital , used to visit Gunaseelam regularly . Every day , cowherds would milk the cows from near the pit and carry the milk all the way back to his court .
One day , to everyone 's shock , the milk that was filled to the brim of the pot vanished all of a sudden . An invisible voice wanted the king to dissolve the pit by pouring milk . The king brought in his army and used thousands of litres of milk to complete this exercise . Once dissolved , Vaikunta Vasudevan is said to have appeared before the king as Prasanna Venkatesan . As per the king 's wishes , the Lord agreed to remain here till the end of Kali Yuga and help fulfill all the prayers of the devotees , who visit this temple . Delighted at the darshan of Prasanna Venkatachalapathy , the king shifted from Uraiyur to Kallur , ( this place was then called ‘ Badra Chakra Pattinam ' ) near Gunaseelam and built the beautiful Gunaseelam temple and laid down the process of the daily poojas as directed by Prasanna Venkatesan . He also allocated a lot of land for the temple as well as funds to undertake the daily pooja formalities .
Architecture
The temple bears absolutely no resemblance to what it was a quarter of a century ago . With devotees ' contribution , the hereditary trustees have transformed the temple to reflect modern day architecture . New paintings and photographs adorn the temple , with modern flooring . There is written documentation that the temple should be renovated in the 5000th year of Kali Yuga . The renovation was accordingly done . The temple has a shrine for Viganasar , the founder of Vaikanasa Aagamam . Legend says he was given Brahminhood by Venkateshwara himself alongside Brahma , the god of creation .
This temple was designed and built by R. Ranganathan Sthapathy . The central shrine of the temple houses the presiding deity Prasanna Venkatachalapathy in a standing posture . The image is depicted with four hands - one showing Abhaya mudra , one carrying the weapon Gatha , one carrying conch and other carrying the Chakra . There are niches around the sanctum with the images of Narasimha , Navaneetha Krishna , Varaha , Sridevi and Bhudevi . The conical vimana above the central shrine is called Trinetra vimana as it has three tiers . There are stucco sculptures on the vimana depicting Narasimha on eagle vahana Garuda and an image of Vishnu with Shanka and Chakra . The temple has a shrine of Vikhasana Maharishi , after whom the Vaiganasa Agama of Vaishnavism is followed . There are delicate glassworks in the Palliari around the sanctum .
Mental Health Rehabilitation Centre
In addition to the complete reconstruction of the Gunaseelam temple , the trustees have also set up a mental health rehabilitation centre that has the official stamp of the Tamil Nadu Government license . The centre is equipped with individual rooms and toilet facilities . A psychiatrist visits the centre once every week . There are volunteers who take care of these mentally challenged people on a daily basis . Sacred water is splashed on these mentally challenged people each day during Uchi Kaalam ( noon ) and Artha Jaamam ( night ) for 48 days . Belief is that one will get cured if they sincerely offer their prayers to the Lord and follow this process . It is today a blend of faith and modern treatment .
Worship and festivals
The temple rituals are performed six times a day ; Ushathkalam at 6:30 a.m. , Kalasanthi at 8:30 a.m. , Uchikalam at 12:30 p.m. , Thirumalvadai at 5:30 p.m. , Sayarakshai at 6:00 p.m. and Ardha Jamam at 8:30 p.m. Each ritual comprises four steps : abhisheka ( sacred bath ) , alangaram ( decoration ) , naivethanam ( food offering ) and deepa aradanai . Since Tirupathi Lord himself appeared before Gunaseela Maharishi , it is believed that those who are not able to go to Tirupathi can visit Gunaseelam and all their wishes are said to be fulfilled here . During the Uchikalam and Arthajamam , water is sprinkled on devotees , which is believed to expel evil diseases and mental diseases .
The major festival of the temple , Brahmotsavam , is celebrated in the Tamil month of Puratasi ( September - October ) for 11 days that includes a nine-day chariot festival . The Chitrai Theppotsavam festival is the float festival celebrated during the Tamil month of Chittirai ( March - April ) . The Pavitrotsavam is a three-day festival celebrated during the Tamil month of Aavani . Unlike other Vishnu temples where thirumanjanam ( ablution ) is performed one in a week , the temple has thirumanjanam performed daily to the central deity . The temple is maintained by a hereditary executive trustee .
Notes
References
Hindu temples in Tiruchirappalli district
Abhimana temples of Vishnu
WXWX ( 96.3 FM ) is a radio station licensed to the town of Marietta , Mississippi and owned by Flinn Broadcasting . It features a country format known as The Bee . The Programming is a simulcast arrangement with WADI , but the two stations have different owners and have coverage areas which overlap .
History
WXWX began broadcasting in 2008 , and aired a sports format , as an affiliate of ESPN Radio . In summer 2016 , the station dropped its sports format . It later adopted an alternative rock format , simulcasting `` I96 '' WIVG in Tunica , Mississippi .
References
External links
XWX
Country radio stations in the United States
Radio stations established in 2008
2008 establishments in Mississippi
Preeja Sreedharan ( born 13 March 1982 at Mullakkanam , Idukki , Kerala ) is an Indian long-distance runner . She holds the national records in both the 10,000 metres and 5000 metres disciplines , which she set en route to the gold and silver medals at 2010 Guangzhou Asian Games . Sreedharan was conferred with the Arjuna Award , India 's second highest sporting honour by the central government in 2011 .
Sreedharan 's breakthrough came in 2007 , when she won the silver medal in both the disciplines at the Asian Athletics Championships . She bettered her personal bests and the Indian national records in both the 10000 and 5000 meters at 2010 Asian Games ; she won the gold in the 10000 meters and the silver in 5000 meters . She announced her retirement from international circuit in February 2015 .
Personal life
Preeja was born to Sreedharan and Remani in Idukki , Kerala.She belonged to a middle class family . Her father was a manual labourer and passed away when she was 8 years old . She has an elder brother Pradeep and an elder sister Preethy . After her father 's demise her brother had to leave school at 6th standard and take up job in order to meet household expenses . She graduated from Alphonsa College , Pala . She married Dr.Deepak Gopinath on 11 November 2012 at Palakkad , Kerala . Preeja Sreedharan has been employed as a Superintendent by the Southern Railway . The couple have two children , Darshan ( born on 2016 ) and Dhyan ( born on 2018 ) .
Career
At the 2006 Asian Games , Sreedharan finished fifth in both the 5000 and the 10,000 metres . At the 2007 Asian Championships at Amman she won the silver medals in the two events . She qualified for the Beijing Olympics in June 2008 after achieving a B qualifying mark for the Games and then finished twenty-fifth in the Olympic 10,000 metres .
Sreedharan achieved her personal best of 31:50:28 minutes in the 10,000 metres en route to the gold medal at the 2010 Guangzhou Asian Games ; she also broke the Indian national record with the performance . Sreedharan also won the silver medal in 5000 metres at the event . With the time of 15:15.89 minutes , she also bettered the national record in 5000 meters .
Sreedharan was selected as Manorama Newsmaker of the year 2010 . The selection was done through an online SMS voting from public . The finalists with Preeja were , Booker Prize winner Arundhati Roy , Njhanpeedam winner and famous Malayalam poet ONV Kurup and famous politician , and financial minister K. M. Mani .
Sreedharan was the fastest Indian woman at the 2014 Delhi Half Marathon . She also participated at the 2014 Asian Games , but was unable to win any medal . Sreedharan announced her retirement from international competitions in February 2015 . She said that she would participate in her last competition at the 2015 National Athletics Championships : `` With the next national games , I would leave the track for ever . The decision was taken to focus on family life , I would continue to strive for promoting athletics . ''
Most Important landmarks in career
• She is the Indian athlete to represent India in 10000m in Olympics . She qualified for the Beijing Olympics in June 2008 after achieving a B qualifying mark for the Games and then finished twenty-fifth in the Olympic 10,000 metres .
• She won Gold medal in the 10,000 metres event and Silver medal in 5000 metres at the Guangzhou Asian Games 2010 .
• She holds Indian national record for both 5000 and 10,000 metres as on 18.10.2020 .
• At the 2007 Asian Championships at Amman , she won the silver medal in the 10,000 metres and 5000 Meters .
• Her personal best for the 10,000 metres is 31:50:28 minutes in Guangzhou Asian Games . This is the current Indian national record .
• Her personal best for the 5000 metres is 15:15 minutes in Guangzhou Asian Games . This is the current Indian national record .
• She was selected as Manorama Newsmaker of the year 2010 ( Kerala State ) .
International Acievements
Beijing Olympics 2008 10000m Participation
Asian Games – Guangzhau 2010 10000m Gold Medal ( Current National Record )
Asian Games – Guangzhau 2010 5000m Silver Medal ( current National record )
Asian Athletics Championship 2007 10000m Silver Medal
Asian Aathletic Championship 2007 5000m Silver Medal
2nd Asian Indoor Games Macao – 2007 3000m Silver Medal
3rd Asian Indoor Championship – Doha 2008 3000m Gold Medal
10th South Asian Games Columbo 2006 10000m Gold medal
19th Asian Athletic Championship Kobai 2011 10000m Bronze Medal
6th Asian Cross Country Kadmandu 2001 4KM Silver Medal
NATIONAL LEVEL
9th National Athletic Championship Thrissur-2001 10000m Gold Medal
9th National Athletic Championship Thrissur 2001 5000m Gold Medal
10th National athletic championship – Chandigarh 2002 1500m Gold Medal
10th National athletic championship – Chandigarh 2002 5000m Silver Medal
37th National Cross Country Championship Goa 4 km Gold Medal
7th Federation Cup Cross-country 2002 8 km Bronze Medal
44th National Open Athletics Championship – Mumbai 2004 5000m Gold Medal
44th National Interstate Senior Athletic Championship 2004 5000m Silver Medal
44th National Interstate Senior Athletic Championship 2004 1500m Bronze Medal
38th National Cross country Championship Shimla 2004 4 km race Gold Medal
45th National Interstate Senior athletics championship – Bangalore 2005 5000m Bronze Medal
11th Federation cup National Senior Athletics championship Delhi 5000m Silver Medal
45th National Open Athletic Championship Hyderabad 2005 5000m Silver Medal
45th National Open Athletic Championship Hyderabad 2005 1500m Bronze Medal
46th National Open Athletic Championship Delhi 2006 10000m Gold Medal
46th National Interstate Senior Athletic Championship Chennai 2006 10000m Gold Medal
46th National Interstate Senior Athletic Championship Chennai 2006 5000m Gold Medal
1st National Endurance Athletic Competition Delhi 2006 1500m Silver Medal
33rd National Games Guwahati 2007 10000 Gold Medal
33rd National Games Guwahati 2007 5000m Gold Medal
33rd National Games Guwahati 2007 1500 m Gold Medal
47th National Open Athletic Championship Jamshedpur 2007 10000m Gold Medal
47th National Open Athletic Championship Jamshedpur 2007 5000m Gold Medal
47th National Interstate Senior Athletic Championship Bhopal 2007 10000m Silver Medal
47th National Interstate Senior Athletic Championship Bhopal 5000m Silver Medal
48th National Open Athletic Championship Kochi 2008 10000m Gold Medal
48th National Open Athletic Championship Kochi 2008 5000m Gold Medal
14th Federation Cup National Senior Athletic Championship 2008 Bhopal 5000m Silver Medal
50th National Interstate Senior Athletic Championship Patiala 2010 10000m Gold Medal
15th Federation Cup National Senior Athletic Championship Ranchi 2010 10000m Gold Medal
50th National Open Athletic Championship – Kochi 2010 10000m Silver Medal
15th Federation Cup National Senior Athletic Championship Ranchi 2010 5000m Silver Medal
51st National Open Athletic Championship – Kolkata 2011 10000m Gold Medal
34th National Games , Jharkhand 2011 10000m Silver Medal
34th National Games , Jharkhand 2011 5000m Silver Medal
53rd National Open Athletic Championship – Ranchi 2013 10000m Bronze medal
53rd National Open Athletic Championship – Ranchi 2013 5000m Silver Medal
53rd National Interstate Senior Athletic Championship Chennai 2013 10000m Gold Medal
53rd National Interstate Senior Athletic Championship Chennai 2013 5000m Silver Medal
48th National Cross country championships Jalpaiguri 2013 8 KM Gold Medal
54th National Open Athletic Championship – Delhi 2014 10000m Silver Medal
35th National games Kerala 2015 10000m Silver Medal
Awards
Following her performance at the 2010 Asian Games , Sreedharan was conferred with the Arjuna Award in 2011 by the Government of India .
G V Raja Award ( Kerala State ) – 2001
Manorama Newsmaker of the Year ( Kerala State ) – 2011
Jimmy Gorge Award- 2012
References
External links
1982 births
Living people
Sportswomen from Kerala
Indian female long-distance runners
21st-century Indian women
21st-century Indian people
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 2006 Asian Games
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 2010 Asian Games
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 2014 Asian Games
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 2010 Commonwealth Games
Asian Games medalists in athletics ( track and field )
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Commonwealth Games competitors for India
People from Idukki district
Asian Games gold medalists for India
Asian Games silver medalists for India
Medalists at the 2010 Asian Games
Athletes from Kerala
Olympic athletes of India
Recipients of the Arjuna Award
Chance M Glenn Sr. is a provost and vice president for academic affairs at University of Houston-Victoria . and former dean of the College of Engineering , Technology and Physical Sciences at Alabama A & M University in Huntsville . He is also serving as a president and executive director of the Alabama A & M University Research , Innovation , Science and Engineering Foundation .
Education
Glenn received his Bachelor of Science degree in electrical engineering from the University of Maryland at College Park . He then received his Master of Science degree and Doctor of Philosophy degree , both in electrical engineering , from The Johns Hopkins University Whiting School of Engineering .
Career
Chance Glenn Sr. began his engineering career at the Army Research Laboratory in Adelphi , Maryland where he designed microwave and radio frequency devices for a wide range of defense-related applications . There he also became involved in signal processing and the study of nonlinear dynamical systems . He began publishing , presenting , and submitting patent applications even before completing his undergraduate studies . He left Army Research Lab started Syncrodyne Systems Corporation to develop new commercial technologies using nonlinear dynamics as a foundation .
In 2003 , Glenn joined the Rochester Institute of Technology as a tenure professor and , 2008 he becomes associated dean of graduate studies . He was the founding director of the William G. McGowan Center for Telecommunications , Innovation and Collaborative Research . He joined the Alabama A & M University in Huntsville , Alabama as a Dean of the College of Engineering , Technology , and Physical Sciences in 2012 .
Research interest
He has 10 patents & patent applications and 30+ research grant activities . He has also served in many reviewer activities . He is also leading efforts to grow research in artificial intelligence , cybersecurity , materials science , image and signal processing , alternative energy , and other areas of major global significance .
Personal life
Glenn is married to Marsha Glenn . They have four children , Michael , Chance , Rebecca , and Morgen .
Glenn is an avid singer and songwriter . He has written and published over one hundred songs and recorded two albums . One of his songs was nominated for a Grammy award in 2000 .
References
External links
College of Engineering , Technology and Physical Sciences at Alabama A & M University
Alabama A & M University Research , Innovation , Science and Engineering Foundation
University of Maryland , College Park alumni
Johns Hopkins University alumni
University of Houston System
University of Houston System people
Victoria , Texas
Living people
African Americans and education
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Venice Army Airfield is an inactive United States Army Forces base , approximately 2 miles south-southeast of Venice , Florida . It was active during World War II as a Third Air Force training airfield . It was closed on 30 November 1945
History
The story of Venice Army Air Field begins in 1941 when influential citizens in Venice , Florida sent a telegram to the War Department offering 3,000 acres of land near the town of 500 citizens for use as an Army campsite . The War Department responded by sending a military detail to Venice to survey the site . The survey was successful and it was announced on 16 July 1941 that the site was selected for an `` Anti-Aircraft Artillery Installation '' . Further surveys were made by the United States Army that summer , but then nothing happened . For reasons never made clear , the land would never be used by anti-aircraft artillery .
In early 1942 , the Army Air Forces became interested in the site and developing a training center on it . The plan was to establish a small training facility to accommodate about 1,000 men with a possibility of expanding it later . Its mission would not be for forces directly engaged in combat , but for the Air Service Command whose members would work in the rear echelon and would relieve combat squadrons of maintenance and housekeeping details at air bases behind the lines .
The trained unit would be designated a `` Service Group '' and would serve several combat units flying from different forward airstrips . The Service Group would be equipped with the necessary resources to fully support the combat units by providing station security , mess halls , aircraft parts supply , base administration , aircraft mechanics , communications , medical , finance , and all the other necessary support services needed , and also be mobile enough to follow the combat units .
With these requirements , Army Air Force construction personnel began arriving in Venice during May 1942 and within a short time , the first load of trucks loaded with tent frames began to arrive . This signaled the start of construction with began in early June . Within a short time , construction of two 5,000 ' concrete runways aligned E/W ( 09/27 ) and NW/SE ( 14/32 ) began to the original design of the ground station and over the next several months the once overgrown and vacant land was converted into an Army Air Base . A third runway , aligned NE/SW ( 05/22 ) was later added in the spring of 1943 . The ground station initially had few amenities , but eventually would be ready for it task of training personnel for the Service Groups .
27th Service Group
The 27th Service Group would have the mission of training new Service Groups prior to their deployment to the overseas combat Air Forces . The advance element of the 27th , the 37th Service Squadron arrived at the station in July 1942 to perform guard duty and to prepare the base for an official opening . The Air Force opened the station , initially named the Service Group Training Center officially on 7 July , and it was placed under the jurisdiction of Air Service Command . Over the next several weeks , additional personnel were assigned ( the Hq . & Hq . Sq . and the 826th QM Company . Later , the 1063rd Signal Co. , the 90th Service Sq. , and the 1728th , 1729th , 2064th and 2065th QM Companies )
Although open , the station was far from ready to perform its mission . Early life at the Service Group Training Center is officially described as `` rugged '' . Necessity demanded that the skilled specialists of the 27th be put to work pulling stumps , cutting weeds and doing general clean-up jobs . No furloughs were given , and the men lived in tents .
During the balance of 1942 , the primitive living condition at the base were improved . Construction of a large number of facilities based on standardized plans and architectural drawings , with the buildings designed to be the `` cheapest , temporary character with structural stability only sufficient to meet the needs of the service which the structure is intended to fulfill during the period of its contemplated war use '' was underway . To conserve critical materials , most facilities were constructed of wood , concrete , brick , gypsum board and concrete asbestos . Metal was sparsely used . The station was designed to be nearly self-sufficient , with not only hangars , but barracks , warehouses , hospitals , dental clinics , dining halls , and maintenance shops were needed . There were libraries , social clubs for officers , and enlisted men , and stores to buy living necessities . Finally , in December 1942 , the first training unit , 80th Service Group arrived and the mission of the Service Group Training Center began .
However , it was found that the men of the 80th Service Group , had not received any technical training prior to their arrival at Venice . Training would have to be performed at Venice and as a result , their deployment overseas would have to be delayed . The school had to make significant changes to its curriculum that would include basic military indoctrination and technical instruction in the jobs the men would be to accommodate instruction on skills which the men were expected to have when deployed overseas . As a result , several new courses of instruction were added to the planned syllabus . As a result , when new units arrived for training , the training status of the men would be reviewed , and those requiring additional training were immediately assigned to the appropriate schools .
Factory-staffed engine schools operated at the base to enhance training efficiency . A school , taught by Allison taught courses on the intricacies of the engines which powered the P-40 Warhawk and P-38 Lightning . Additional schools taught by Rolls-Royce , Curtiss-Wright and Pratt & Whitney followed . An Air Force Supply School was added , and a First Sergeants School was also created that taught procedures on administering the base stations for combat groups . In addition to the schools , there were courses taught in the application of camouflage , aircraft identification , booby traps , field sanitation , convoys and bivouacking . All these skills were necessary for the men of the Service Units who would be performing their jobs in primitive areas close to the front lines .
By the end of October 1943 , seven service groups had been trained at Venice , and recognition of the school grew and curriculum changes were made by reports back from throughout the far-flung Service Command as turning out men who knew their jobs well . Days whirled by like kaleidoscopic visions as GIs worked hard at learning the skills needed to support the war by day , and filled the theatre , `` Beer Garden '' ( built by the GIs themselves ) and the recreation centers of surrounding towns at night .
One of the Service Groups in training was the 14th Service Group , which was made up of Chinese-Americans . The group arrived in early January 1944 and remained at Venice until October . The 14th SG was reputedly formed after a personal request to President Franklin Roosevelt by Madame Chiang Kai-shek . The 400 men of the Service Group trained on P-40 Warhawk pursuit aircraft , P-39 Airacobras , P-47 Thunderbolts , and P-51 Mustangs .
In January , 1944 the base was transferred to the jurisdiction of Third Air Force , but Air Service Command units remained for training . The last of these was the 576th Air Service Group , later sent to Guam .
III Fighter Command
Venice expanded in June 1943 with the addition of Third Air Force Operational Training , with a mission to train combat fighter pilots and ground crewmen . This tied in with Technical Service Command as the training of Service Groups gave both types of groups more realistic training prior to their deployment overseas .
The 13th Fighter Squadron arrived on 7 June from Page Field in Fort Myers , after duty in Panama . The 14th Fighter Squadron arrived a few weeks later . They were flying P-39 Airacobras , later P-47 Thunderbolts , then P-40 Warhawks and finally in early 1945 , P-51 Mustangs for combat crew training .
Consolidation and re-organization of Army Air Forces units in 1944 led to Punta Gorda Army Airfield and Page Field at Fort Myers being assigned as sub-bases to Venice AAF . What was originally envisioned as a small Army Anti-Aircraft Artillery base in 1941 had grown to a large training base with responsibly for almost 10,000 men . The Venice Fighter Pilot Replacement Unit was formed by the re-designation of the 13th and 14th Fighter Squadrons on 1 May . The 13th was re-designated as `` Squadron O '' ; the 14th became `` Squadron T '' . Flight training consisted of about 80 hours of instruction , which included aerial and ground gunnery ; camera gunnery ; dive and skip bombing ; aerobatics and cross-country navigation .
By 1944 , Service Group training consisted of about 180 hours , including maintenance of aircraft armament , aircraft and naval ship recognition , medical procedures , Morse Code , Supply , Base Administration and combat intelligence . Including the Service Groups , other units which were trained at Venice AAF were Aviation Engineer , Sanitation , and Provisional Aviation . The actual number of hours of training of both flying and ground personnel varied depending upon the need of the overseas combat Air Forces and other factors .
The Service Group Training Center entered a new phase on 15 February 1945 , when the base was officially designated as Venice Army Airfield . More emphasis was placed on the comfort and well-being of enlisted personnel . A centralized Base Headquarters was established , using key personnel of the 27th plus personnel of the 422nd Base Hq . & Air Base Squadron , which operated the Replacement Training Unit . The 749th AAF Band was organized , making possible dances and shows ; regular laundry service was set up ; The sales commissary was opened ; food for the mess halls was purchased locally , insuring fresher and more adequate meals . Most important for morale , a regular furlough policy was established for the permanently assigned personnel .
Venice Prisoner of War Camp
Upwards of 200 German Prisoners of War were moved to Venice AAF in February 1945 from Camp Blanding . POWs were assigned various manual labor details . Some worked in the motor pool and others were permanently assigned performing various civil engineering duties such as electricians , plumbing , painting and other trades work , depending on their skills . Others worked in the mess halls , medical clinic or in the local Venice community and local farms in the area .
Closure
As the war began drawing to an end in Europe , and later in the summer of 1945 in the Pacific , the number of trainees and the level of activity at the base was reduced rapidly . With the Japanese surrender and the end of World War II most of the temporary training bases such as Venice Army Airfield were put on inactive status and eventually closed .
Third Air Force began the process of shutting down training activities completely , the field receiving the last class of pilot trainees from the closing Page Field in September . In October Venice AAF received notice that it also would be inactivated by the end of the month . Service Group trainees were processed for separation discharges , and flying training ceased . Aircraft based at Venice AAF were sent to Hunter Field , Georgia along with the few remaining pilot trainees at the base .
The field was decommissioned and the City of Venice was granted a license to operate the airport on Many 20 , 1946 . On June 10 , 1947 , by Quit Claim Deed from the United States of America to the City of Venice under provisions of the Surplus Property Act of 1944 , the City was designated as sponsor to operate the facility .
Current status
Today , the facility is known as Venice Municipal Airport and two of the three wartime runways are all that remain of the 1,600 acre World War II base . Many of the base structures were sold off and relocated to surrounding communities for commercial or residential use . In addition , the Venice Municipal Mobile Home Park has incorporated the Venice AAF officer 's club as their recreational facility .
Legacy
The legacy of the Air Force Service Groups trained at Venice AAF also remains today in the modern United States Air Force . Air Force active duty , as well as reserve and Air National Guard Wings are all supported by what today are designated Maintenance Groups ( MXG ) , Mission Support Groups ( MSG ) and Medical Groups ( MDG ) , all of which can trace their heritage to the Service Groups of the World War II Air Service Command .
See also
Florida World War II Army Airfields
References
Maurer , Maurer ( ed. ) . Combat Squadrons of the Air Force : World War II . Maxwell Air Force Base , Alabama : Office of Air Force History , 1982 .
Maurer , Maurer ( ed . ) , Air Force Combat Units of World War II , History and Insignia , USAF Historical Division , Washington , DC , 1961 ( reprint 1983 )
Shaw , Frederick J . ( 2004 ) , Locating Air Force Base Sites History 's Legacy , Air Force History and Museums Program , United States Air Force , Washington DC , 2004 .
AFHRA search Venice Army Airfield
World War II airfields database : Florida
External links
1942 establishments in Florida
Airfields of the United States Army Air Forces in Florida
Jail solidarity is unity of purpose of those incarcerated or imprisoned . In some mass arrest situations , the activists decide to use solidarity tactics to secure the same plea bargain for everyone . Sometimes activists also make a mutual decision to reject offered plea bargains and take their cases to trial in order to overburden the court system , or in order to otherwise mutually support one another as co-defendants ; an example of this would be the Camden 28 . It is generally agreed that jail solidarity works best when a plan is arranged ahead of time . One of the governing principles of the anti-nuclear movement in the United States was jail solidarity . Some activists have viewed jail solidarity as being very important for their states of mind while imprisoned . Jail solidarity can also refer to non-prisoners holding rallies outside prisons or otherwise helping to provide moral support to prisoners , especially imprisoned activists or colleagues . It has been hypothesized that prison administrations throughout the United States might be overwhelmed by prisoner organizing across racial lines . Per Herngren , recounting his prison experience , writes :
A number of prisoner advocacy organizations , including PrisonerSolidarity.org , which serves as a news portal , are part of the prisoner solidarity movement .
References
Activism
Mahyar Zahmatkesh ( ) is an Iranian football midfielder who plays for Malavan in the Iran Pro League .
Club career
Malavan
He started his career with Malavan youth levels when he was 11 . He was promoted to the first team by Farhad Pourgholami . Zahmatkesh signed a professional contract in June 2014 which keeps him until summer 2016 at Malavan . He made his debut for Malavan in the 2014–15 Iran Pro League against Saba Qom as a substitute for Maziar Zare .
Club career statistics
References
External links
Mahyar Zahmatkesh at IranLeague.ir
1993 births
Living people
Iranian footballers
Malavan players
People from Bandar-e Anzali
Association football midfielders
Sportspeople from Gilan province
Mostapha al-Turk ( , born 14 July 1973 ) is a retired Lebanese mixed martial artist . A professional from 2002 until 2010 , he competed for the UFC and Cage Rage . He is the former Cage Rage British heavyweight champion .
Background
Born in Beirut , Lebanon . Al-Turk and his family moved back and forth between London and Beirut when he was still a toddler . al-Turk had become interested in mixed martial arts after watching a few UFC and PRIDE FC events . He briefly worked in the pharmaceutical industry , before deciding to make mixed martial arts his career . al-Turk had a very accomplished grappling career as well , with his Brazilian jiu-jitsu background . al-Turk was the ADCC European Champion in 2005 and made it to the final of the ADCC Submission Wrestling World Championship , losing to future UFC fighter Gabriel Gonzaga by only three points , further motivating al-Turk to transition to mixed martial arts .
Mixed martial arts career
Early career
Before going professional , al-Turk had 2 amateur fights . He also competed in amateur boxing matches and submission wrestling matches as a way to prepare himself for MMA .
Cage Rage
Al-Turk fought in the British organization , Cage Rage , around a year after losing his second professional bout . The young al-Turk won three straight fights in the organization , all by TKO due to punches , including a win over former sumo and PRIDE veteran , Sentoryu Henri .
Al-Turk then faced former two-time UFC Heavyweight Tournament Champion and longtime PRIDE veteran Mark Kerr . al-Turk again won by punches after the former collegiate wrestling star tapped out due to punches . Al-Turk then fought against former British Cage Rage Heavyweight Champion Tengiz Tedoradze . Al-Turk lost the fight by knockout .
Al-Turk continued to perform with a win over K-1 kickboxer Gary Turner , who tapped due to punches landed by the Lebanese fighter . al-Turk then fought for the British Cage Rage Heavyweight Championship against future Ultimate Fighter contestant , James McSweeney . al-Turk won the fight by TKO due to punches and became the last British Cage Rage Heavyweight Champion , before the organization saw its demise . al-Turk was then offered a four-fight contract in the UFC , which he accepted .
UFC
At UFC 92 , on 27 December 2008 , Turk lost at his UFC debut to French kickboxer Cheick Kongo by TKO . Kongo dropped Turk with two right hands , using the ground and pound technique , he knocked out Al-Turk Referee Steve Mazzagatti stopped the fight after 4:37 of the first round , in what some viewed as a late stoppage , as Al-Turk was bleeding heavily and had not been defending himself for a significant amount of time .
Al-Turk next lost to Mirko Cro Cop at UFC 99 by TKO after Cro Cop hammered him with strikes . There was some controversy surrounding the end of this fight as Al-Turk claimed Cro Cop had poked him in the eye right before he succumbed to the head kick . Neither the referee Dan Mirgliotta nor Cro Cop noticed any eye pokes . Al-Turk stated that he would petition the loss , but the petition was declined .
Al-Turk was expected to face UFC newcomer Rolles Gracie on 6 February 2010 at UFC 109 , but pulled out due to visa issues .
al-Turk instead faced The Ultimate Fighter 10 alumni , Jon Madsen , at UFC 112 . Turk lost the bout via unanimous decision and was subsequently released by the UFC .
Championships and accomplishments
Cage Rage
Cage Rage British Heavyweight Championship ( One Time , Last )
Mixed martial arts record
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 6–6
| Jon Madsen
| Decision ( unanimous )
| UFC 112
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 5:00
| Abu Dhabi , United Arab Emirates
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 6–5
| Mirko Cro Cop
| TKO ( punches )
| UFC 99
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 3:06
| Cologne , Germany
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 6–4
| Cheick Kongo
| TKO ( punches )
| UFC 92
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 4:37
| Las Vegas , Nevada , United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 6–3
| James McSweeney
| TKO ( punches )
| Cage Rage 27
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 2:06
| London , England
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 5–3
| Gary Turner
| TKO ( Submission to punches )
| Cage Rage 25
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 3:19
| London , England
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 4–3
| Tengiz Tedoradze
| TKO ( punches )
| Cage Rage 23
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 3:26
| London , England
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 4–2
| Mark Kerr
| TKO ( submission to punches )
| Cage Rage 20
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 2:29
| London , England
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 3–2
| Henry Armstrong Miller
| TKO ( punches )
| Cage Rage 18
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 0:56
| London , England
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 2–2
| Martin Thompson
| TKO ( punches )
| Cage Rage 16
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 3:02
| London , England
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 1–2
| Fereidoun Naghizadeh
| TKO ( punches )
| Cage Rage 9 - No Mercy
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 2:25
| London , England
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 0–2
| Kassim Annan
| TKO ( punches )
| XFC 2 - The Perfect Storm
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| N/A
| Cornwall , England
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 0–1
| Mike Ward
| Submission ( armbar )
| XFC 1 - Xtreme Fighting Championship 1
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 1:00
| Cornwall , England
|
References
External links
London Shootfighters
Interview in Fighters Only magazine
Feature from East London & West Essex Guardian Series
Video : Mark Kerr vs Mostapha al-Turk
1973 births
English male mixed martial artists
Lebanese emigrants to the United Kingdom
Heavyweight mixed martial artists
Mixed martial artists utilizing boxing
Mixed martial artists utilizing Brazilian jiu-jitsu
Lebanese male mixed martial artists
Sportspeople of Lebanese descent
Living people
Sportspeople from Beirut
Sportspeople from London
Ultimate Fighting Championship male fighters
English practitioners of Brazilian jiu-jitsu
Lebanese practitioners of Brazilian jiu-jitsu
Donald Clyde Taylor is an American former professional baseball pitcher . He pitched parts of three seasons in the Major League Baseball ( MLB ) , and for the Pittsburgh Pirates and for the Baltimore Orioles . He coached baseball at Bishop McDevitt High School in Glenside , PA for several years after retiring .
Sources
, or Retrosheet , or Pura Pelota ( Venezuelan Winter League )
1958 births
Living people
African-American baseball players
Alexandria Dukes players
American expatriate baseball players in Canada
Baltimore Orioles players
Baseball players from Pennsylvania
Buffalo Bisons ( minor league ) players
Greenwood Pirates players
Harrisburg Senators players
Hawaii Islanders players
Major League Baseball pitchers
Nashua Pirates players
Navegantes del Magallanes players
American expatriate baseball players in Venezuela
People from Abington Township , Montgomery County , Pennsylvania
Pfeiffer Falcons baseball players
Pittsburgh Pirates players
Prince William Pirates players
Vancouver Canadians players
21st-century African-American people
20th-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
The 2012 Amstel Gold Race was the 47th running of the Amstel Gold Race , a single-day cycling race . It was held on 15 April 2012 over a distance of and was the eleventh race of the 2012 UCI World Tour season .
The race was won by rider Enrico Gasparotto after outsprinting several of his rivals to the finish on the Cauberg ; it was his first Classics victory , and the first by an Italian rider in a one-day classic since Damiano Cunego won the 2008 Giro di Lombardia . Second place went to 's Jelle Vanendert , while Peter Sagan rounded out the podium placings for the team . Two-time defending race winner Philippe Gilbert ( ) finished in the same time as Sagan , but was classified in sixth place .
Teams
As the Amstel Gold Race was a UCI World Tour event , all 18 UCI ProTeams were invited automatically and obligated to send a squad . Six other squads were given wildcard places into the race , and as such , formed the event 's 24-team peloton .
The 24 teams that competed in the race were :
Results
References
External links
Amstel Gold Race
2012 UCI World Tour
2012 in Dutch sport
District 31 of the Oregon House of Representatives is one of 60 House legislative districts in the state of Oregon . As of 2013 , the boundary for the district includes all of Columbia County and portions of Multnomah and Washington counties . The current representative for the district is Democrat Brad Witt of Clatskanie .
Election results
District boundaries have changed over time , therefore , representatives before 2013 may not represent the same constituency as today . General election results from 2000 to present are as follows :
See also
Oregon Legislative Assembly
Oregon House of Representatives
References
External links
Oregon House of Representatives Official site
Oregon Secretary of State : Redistricting Reform Task Force
Oregon House of Representatives districts
Columbia County , Oregon
Multnomah County , Oregon
Washington County , Oregon
Zahra Abdulla ( , ) ( born 1966 in Somalia ) is a Somali-born Finnish politician . She was a member of the Helsinki City Council from 1997 to 2017 , representing the Green League .
Biography
Zahra was born in Somalia in 1966 . She spent her early years in Egypt and Kenya .
She later studied medicine in Moscow . However , the dissolution of the Soviet Union and the simultaneous breakout of the Somali Civil War in her native country forced her to apply for political asylum in neighboring Finland . She eventually received Finnish citizenship in 1998 .
Zahra currently lives in Lauttasaari , Helsinki . She speaks fluent Finnish , English , Somali , Arabic and Russian .
Political career
Working for a time as a midwife , Zahra later moved on to a career in politics . In the Finnish parliamentary elections of 2007 , she came close to becoming the first Somali immigrant to be elected to the Parliament of Finland . However , very near the end of the vote counting , she was beaten out by fellow Green League candidate Outi Alanko-Kahiluoto by only a few hundred votes ( 4586 vs. 4174 ) .
In October of the following year , Zahra was elected to the Helsinki City Council with nearly 2,500 votes , `` a large number of which were given in areas where immigrants hardly show up as a blip on the local population register . '' Reasons cited for Zahra 's success in the elections were her high educational level , and considerable local support for the Green League .
Even though there are more than 400 people with immigrant backgrounds . Some of the candidates believe that the parties were ejected by immigrants because of their vision . Including the Bellman Prize in 1977
Notes
References
Zahra Abdulla 's official campaign site
Zahra Abdulla 's campaign was n't enough , Helsingin Sanomat
The new parliament , YLE
1966 births
Living people
Left Alliance ( Finland ) politicians
Somalian emigrants to Finland
Somalian expatriates in Russia
Finnish Muslims
Finnish midwives
21st-century Finnish women politicians
21st-century Finnish politicians
Naturalized citizens of Finland
21st-century Somalian women politicians
21st-century Somalian politicians
Portrait of Fray Hortensio Félix Paravicino is a 1609 oil on canvas painting by El Greco , now in the Museum of Fine Arts , Boston . It shows Hortensio Félix Paravicino , a monk of the Trinitarian Order and major Spanish poet who was also a close friend of the painter . He is shown in the Trinitarian habit .
Bibliography
ÁLVAREZ LOPERA , José , El Greco , Madrid , Arlanza , 2005 , Biblioteca « Descubrir el Arte » , ( colección « Grandes maestros » ) . .
SCHOLZ-HÄNSEL , Michael , El Greco , Colonia , Taschen , 2003. .
External links
Catalogue entry
ArteHistoria.com . « Fray Hortensio Félix Paravicino » [ Consulta : 03.01.2011 ] .
Paravacino
1609 paintings
Paravacino
Paravacino
Paintings in the collection of the Museum of Fine Arts , Boston
Books in art
Mitchell Fjord is a 30- to 50-km long fjord in Aysén Region , Chile , stretching southeast from the vicinities of Baker Channel into the valley of Bravo River . Through a ferry based on Puerto Yungay , the channel provides access to the southernmost portion of Carretera Austral and constitutes thus the only discontinuous section of Carretera Austral south of Chaitén .
Tributaries
The fjord receives the waters of the Baker Channel .
References
Fjords of Chile
Landforms of Aysén Region
The 213th Army Division ( ) was created in February 1962 in Shenyang Military Region . It was a mountain infantry unit operating in Paektu Mountain region . On December 28 , 1964 the division was renamed as 1st Independent Division of Jilin Provincial Military District ( ) , and on February 29 , 1976 it was further renamed as Independent Division of Jilin Provincial Military District ( ) after the disbandment of 2nd Independent Division of Jilin Provincial Military District .
On October 31 , 1980 , a battalion from the Tank Regiment , 3rd Garrison Division of Shenyang Military Region was expanded as Tank Regiment of Independent Division and attached .
On December 31 , 1980 the division was renamed as 10th Garrison Division of Shenyang Military Region ( ) . From December 1981 the division was under the control of 68th Army Corps . By then the division was composed of :
28th Garrison Regiment ;
29th Garrison Regiment ;
30th Garrison Regiment ;
Tank Regiment ;
Artillery Regiment .
In 1985 it was transferred to 16th Army after 68th Army Corps ' disbandment .
On October 3 , 1985 the divisional HQ moved to Yanji , Jilin . On November 6 its tank regiment was reduced as Independent Tank Battalion .
From 1990 the division was transferred to Jilin Provincial Military District 's control .
The division was disbanded in October 1992 .
References
中国各省军区独立师的历史沿革 , https : //web.archive.org/web/20160918225002/http : //www.360doc.com/content/13/1205/20/1164894_334784330.shtml
中国人民解放军各步兵师沿革，http : //blog.sina.com.cn/s/blog_a3f74a990101cp1q.html
GS10
Military units and formations disestablished in 1992
Military units and formations established in 1961
Golden Prairie is a village in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan within the Rural Municipality of Big Stick No . 141 and Census Division No . 8 .
History
Golden Prairie incorporated as a village on April 15 , 1942 .
Demographics
In the 2021 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada , Golden Prairie had a population of living in of its total private dwellings , a change of from its 2016 population of . With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2021 .
In the 2016 Census of Population , the Village of Golden Prairie recorded a population of living in of its total private dwellings , a change from its 2011 population of . With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2016 .
Economy
The village has a grain elevator with producer car loading facility , curling rink and restaurant . It holds the seat to the Rural Municipality of Big Stick No . 141 office .
Climate
Golden Prairie experiences a semi-arid climate ( Köppen climate classification BSk ) with long , cold , dry winters and short but very warm summers . Precipitation is low , with an annual average of , and is concentrated in the warmer months .
See also
List of communities in Saskatchewan
Villages of Saskatchewan
References
Villages in Saskatchewan
Big Stick No . 141 , Saskatchewan
Division No . 8 , Saskatchewan
1942 establishments in Saskatchewan
Populated places established in 1911
The Mitsubishi 4N1 engine is a family of all-alloy four-cylinder diesel engines developed by Mitsubishi Motors , produced at the company 's powertrain facility in Kyoto , Japan for use in Mitsubishi 's small to mid-sized global passenger cars .
In June 2006 , Mitsubishi Motors Mitsubishi Heavy Industries and Renault announced a joint development project for a new generation of clean diesel engines to be used in cars exported to Europe with a target of beginning mass production in 2010 and later announced that the engines will be gradually phased into other global markets .
The preliminary version of the engine was first seen in the Concept-cX test car introduced in 2007 . The larger was first exhibited in the Concept-ZT test car introduced in the same year and later used in the Concept-RA test car introduced in 2008 .
With a clean diesel emission performance in mind , all engines are designed to comply with Tier 2 Bin 5 emission regulations in the United States , Euro 5 standard in Europe and Japan 's Post New Long Term regulations .
Together with Mitsubishi 's electric vehicle technology the new diesel engines are positioned as a core element in the Mitsubishi Motors Environment Initiative Program 2010 ( EIP 2010 ) announced in July 2006 .
The 4N1 engine family is the world 's first to feature a variable valve timing ( intake side ) system applied to passenger car diesel engines .
All engines developed within this family have aluminium cylinder block , double overhead camshaft layouts , 4 valves per cylinder , a common rail injection system with a variable-geometry turbocharger and MIVEC variable valve timing .
Engine family characteristics
Mitsubishi 's new clean diesel engines use a high-pressure common rail injection system to improve combustion efficiency . The 4N13 uses solenoid fuel-injectors . The larger 4N14 engine uses piezo fuel-injectors that produce a finer fuel spray . Both engines feature a fast ceramic glowplug system . The engines are designed to operate at a lower compression ratio , thus lowering the combustion pressure , allowing the use of an aluminium cylinder block that reduces weight .
The 4N13 engine uses a Variable Geometry ( VG ) turbocharger with a variable vane turbine , which provides optimal boost pressure control for different driving conditions . The 4N14 engine also uses a VG turbocharger plus a Variable Diffuser ( VD ) that uses both variable geometry vanes in the turbine housing and a compressor with variable vanes in the diffuser passage , further improving combustion efficiency .
Within the engine , Mitsubishi used an offset angle crankshaft that reduces friction , therefore noise and vibration , allowing the engine to run smoothly and quietly at all engine speeds .
To meet the requirements of global emissions standards , Mitsubishi developed a new catalyst system that combines a Diesel Oxidation Catalyst ( DOC ) , NOx Trap Catalyst ( NTC ) and Diesel Particulate Filter ( DPF ) .
4N13
Specifications
Applications
2010 Mitsubishi ASX ( RVR )
2010 Mitsubishi Lancer
2012 Peugeot 4008
2012 Citroën C4 Aircross
4N14
Specifications
Applications
2010 Mitsubishi Outlander
2012 Mitsubishi Delica D:5 ( without variable timing , / )
2013 Mitsubishi ASX ( with A/T only )
2017 Mitsubishi Eclipse Cross
2019 Mitsubishi L200 and L300 ( without variable timing , / )
4N15
Specifications
Applications
2014 Mitsubishi Type 73 Light Truck
2015 Mitsubishi Triton/L200/Strada
2015 Mitsubishi Pajero Sport/Montero Sport/Shogun Sport
See also
List of Mitsubishi engines
References
External links
Mitsubishi Motors Japan Clean diesel page ( JAPANESE )
4N1
Straight-four engines
Diesel engines by model
Platylophus may refer to
Platylophus ( bird ) , a genus of birds in the family Corvidae
Platylophus ( plant ) , a genus of plant in the family Cunoniaceae
Roscommon ( ) is a barony in County Roscommon , Republic of Ireland .
Etymology
Roscommon barony is named after Roscommon town ; however , it does not actually contain that town , which is located in Ballintober South .
Geography
Roscommon barony is located in the centre of County Roscommon , an area with many lakes including Lough Boderg . The only mountain is Slieve Bawn .
History
The Mag Oireachtaigh ( Mageraghtys ) were rulers here of Clann Tomaltaigh and the Muintir Roduib .
The Ó Fídhne ( O'Feeney ) were also in Roscommon barony . The O'Mulconaire were hereditary historians and bards .
The Ó Maoilbhreanainn ( O'Mulrenan ) sept were chiefs of Clann Chonchobhair ( O'Conor ) .
It is referred to in the topographical poem Tuilleadh feasa ar Éirinn óigh ( Giolla na Naomh Ó hUidhrín , d. 1420 ) :
OMaoilbrenaiin co mbladaiḃ
Ar Cloinn clármaoith Conċoḃair
A maicne os gaċ droing do dliġ
An aicme do Cloinn Chathail .
[ ... ]
Ag Mág Oireaċtaiġ na n-each
Muintir Roduiḃ na righḃreaṫ
( `` O'Maoilbhrenainn with fame over the irriguous plain of Clann-Conchobhair , Their children are entitled to be above every tribe , that sept of the Clann-Cathail . [ ... ] To Mac Oireachtaigh of the steeds belong Muintir Roduibh of royal judgments . '' )
List of settlements
Below is a list of settlements in Roscommon barony :
Elphin
Strokestown
Tulsk
See also
Barony ( Ireland )
References
Baronies of County Roscommon
CGS Shamol Bangla is a Sobuj Bangla-class inshore patrol vessels of the Bangladesh Coast Guard . She is serving the Bangladesh Coast Guard since 2020 .
Career
The ship was laid down on 21 April 2015 . She was handed over to the Bangladesh Coast Guard on 1 August 2018 . She was commissioned to the Bangladesh Coast Guard on 15 November 2020 .
Design
The ship is long , wide and has a draught with a displacement of 297 tonnes . The patrol craft is powered by two German DEUTZ diesel engines which can produce driving two shafts for a top speed of . She has a complement of 45 and a maximum range of . She can carry out operations in sea state four and can sustain up to sea state six .
Armament
The ship is armed with two Oerlikon KBA 25 mm guns and two 14.5 mm guns .
See also
List of ships of the Bangladesh Coast Guard
References
2016 ships
Ships of the Bangladesh Coast Guard
Sobuj Bangla class IPV
Ships built at Dockyard and Engineering Works Limited
Pilbara newspapers is a selection of newspapers published in the Pilbara region of Western Australia .
The rise and fall of some of the newspapers reflect the shifts and changes in population in various localities of the region as mining starts and moves through different zones , and also as some mining operations are exhausted or closed .
Titles
Earlier newspapers
Pilbarra Goldfield News ( note that the modern spelling is 'Pilbara ' ) . Published from 19 February 1897 to 20 March 1923 , first in Marble Bar and then , from 1912 , in Port Hedland .
Post 1960-
Pilbara Echo
Pilbara Echo .
Karratha & Port Hedland , W.A . : Pilbara Newspapers Pty Ltd .
Dates 28 Feb. 2008 – 10 Apr . 2014 on . Weekly on Saturday afternoon .
Distribution 14,000 copies free weekly : Port Hedland , South Hedland , Wedgefield , Karratha ; Dampier ; Wickham , Roebourne , Pt Samson , Onslow , Tom Price , Pannawonnica , Paraburdoo . Shire of Roebourne , Shire of Ashburton & Town of Port Hedland .
North West Times
North West News : a journal of Cliffs Robes River Iron Associates ,
Dates – Issue 1 ( June 1985 ) -Biweekly
Published by Robe River Iron Associates from Issue 22 ( Apr . 18 , 1986 ) -
Includes Wickham observer vol . 9 , no . 21 ( Jun . 14 , 1985 ) and Pannawonica news .
Hedland Times
Hedland Times .
Dates – No . 1 . 22 June 1967 – 2 Nov. 1978 .
Distribution area : Goldsworthy ; Marble Bar ; Newman ; Onslow ; Port Hedland ; Dampier ; Mt Tom Price ; Roebourne ; Point Samson ; Nullagine ; Wittenoom ; Barrow Island ; South Hedland ; Cooke Point ; Finucane Island ; Karratha ; Shay Gap ; Paraburdoo .
Pilbara Times
Pilbara Times . Also known as The New Pilbara Times
Perth , W.A . – Country Newspapers Pty Ltd .
Dates - 9 Nov. 1978 – vol . 14 , no . 171 25 Aug. 1983 . Weekly on Thursday .
Distribution : Port Hedland ; Wickham ; Marble Bar ; Onslow ; South Hedland ; Goldsworthy ; Dampier ; Telfer ; Cooke Point ; Finucane Island ; Karratha ; Newman ; Tom Price ; Roeburne ; Point Samson ; Nullagine ; Shay Gap ; Paraburdoo ; Wittenoom ; Pannawonica .
Hamersley News
Hamersley News .
Perth , W.A . Hamersley Iron Pty Ltd .
Dates – Vol . 1 , no . 1 . 20 Mar . 1969 – Sep. 1972 – Monthly
Vol . 5 , no . 1 , 26 Oct. 1972 – v. 13 , no . 6 , 27 Mar . 1980 – Fortnightly .
Distribution : Dampier ; Karratha ; Tom Price ; Paraburdoo .
followed by – Pilbara Advertiser .
Pilbara Advertiser
Pilbara Advertiser .
Karratha W.A . Pilbara Advertiser
Dates – 11 Apr . 1980-24 Aug. 1983 . – Weekly on Wednesday .
Fortnightly to 23 May 1980 ;
Weekly on Friday from 30 May 1980 to 21 Nov. 1980 ;
Weekly on Thursday from 27 Nov. 1980 to 28 April 1983 ;
Weekly on Wednesday from 4 May 1983 .
Distribution : Tom Price ; Onslow ; Newman ; Goldsworthy ; Karratha ; Dampier ; Paraburdoo ; Wickham ; Roeburne ; Port Hedland ; South Hedland ; Nullagine ; Wittenoom ; Finucane Island ; Marble Bar ; Pannawonica ; Shay Gap .
followed by – North West Telegraph
North West Telegraph
North West Telegraph .
Albany [ W.A . ] : Albany Advertiser
Dates – 31 Aug. 1983 – Weekly on Wednesday .
Published by Provincial Publications of WA , Rockingham , then by Albany Advertiser , Albany .
From 31 Aug. 1983-6 June 1984 issued in three editions : Gascoyne edition , Pilbara edition , Kimberley edition .
- combining of North west telegraph ( Pilbara edition ) , ISSN 0813-961X ; and , North west telegraph ( Kimberley edition ) , ISSN 0814-0308 .
also at : http : //www.westregional.com.au/papers/nwt/index.html
Distribution : Port Hedland ; Newman ; Marble Bar ; Onslow ; Tom Price ; Goldsworthy ; Broome ; Meekatharra ; Nullagine ; Paraburdoo .
Former title – see – The Northern Times – North West Telegraph ( Pilbara edition ) 0813-961X
Pilbara News
Pilbara News .
Karratha , W.A . : Pilbara News . ISSN 1447-0101
Distribution : Karratha ; Dampier ; Tom Price ; Paraburdoo ; Pannawonica ; Wickham ; Onslow ; Gascoyne Junction ; Roeburne .
News of the North
News of the North .
Perth W.A . : West Australia Newspapers
Dates 28 Aug. 1968-15 Jan. 1987 . Weekly on Thursday
Supplement to the West Australian .
Weekly on Wednesday from 28 Aug. 1968-2 Mar . 1977 ;
Weekly on Tuesday from 8 Mar . 1977-8 April 1980 ;
Weekly on Thursday from 17 April 1980 . – 15 Jan 1987 .
Distribution : Kalbarri ; Denham ; Yalgoo ; Mt Magnet ; Cue ; Meekatharra ; Sandstone ; Laverton ; Wiluna ; Carnarvon ; Wittenoom ; Nullagine ; Marble Bar ; Exmouth ; Onslow ; Dampier ; Tom Price ; Mt Newman ; Roeburne ; Port Hedland ; Goldsworthy ; Broome ; Derby ; Cockatoo Island ; Koolan Island ; Fitzroy Crossing ; Hall 's Creek ; Kununurra ; Wyndham .
Source of dates and publication details
State Library of Western Australia website catalogue – https : //web.archive.org/web/20180912182347/http : //henrietta.liswa.wa.gov.au/
See also
List of newspapers in Western Australia
Gascoyne newspapers
Goldfields-Esperance newspapers
Great Southern newspapers
Kimberley newspapers
Mid West newspapers
South West newspapers
Wheatbelt newspapers
References
Pilbara newspapers
Pilbara newspapers
Mid West ( Western Australia )
Lists of newspapers published in Western Australia
The Flying Phantom is a one-design catamaran capable of planing above the surface of the water due to curved daggerboards acting as hydrofoils . It is built by Phantom International , and is the boat used in the Red Bull Foiling Generation race series .
References
External links
https : //web.archive.org/web/20140915062902/http : //www.phantom-international.com/boats/flying-phantom/ Official web site
Catamarans
Hydrofoils
Kurt Helbig ( June 28 , 1901 , Plauen – January 30 , 1975 ) was a German weightlifter who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics .
He died in Berlin .
In 1928 he won the gold medal in the lightweight class .
References
1901 births
1975 deaths
People from Plauen
German male weightlifters
Olympic weightlifters of Germany
Weightlifters at the 1928 Summer Olympics
Olympic gold medalists for Germany
World record setters in weightlifting
Olympic medalists in weightlifting
Medalists at the 1928 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Saxony
Munkácsi , Munkácsy : means `` from Munkács '' ( Mukachevo ) :
Mihály Munkácsy ( 1844–1900 ) , Hungarian painter
Martin Munkácsi ( 1896–1963 ) , Hungarian-American photographer
Erno Munkacsi ( 1896-1950 ) , Hungarian jurist and writer
Hungarian-language surnames
`` Closer than Close '' is a 1986 R & B ballad by former Norman Connors vocalist , Jean Carne . The single was a number-one hit on the U.S. R & B chart for two weeks . `` Closer than Close '' was written by Terry Price and Brandi Wells and produced by Grover Washington Jr .
References
1986 singles
1986 songs
Jean Carn songs
Contemporary R & B ballads
Westerbeck is a district of the municipality of Sassenburg in the district of Gifhorn , Lower Saxony , Germany .
Geography
Westerbeck is to the east of the Neudorf-Platendorf district and to the north of Dannenbüttel . The Neuhaus residential area belongs to Westerbeck .
History
Westerbeck was first mentioned in a document in 1390 as Westerbeke .
In 1838 an inn was set up in the Moorvogthaus at Schiffgraben , for which the building that still exists today was built in 1860 , which is operated as Gasthof Neuhaus .
In 1950 , the Heinz Kunze peat factory was founded in the buildings of an abandoned prison camp in the forest near Westerbeck .
On March 1 , 1974 , Westerbeck was incorporated into the new municipality of Sassenburg
Coat of arms
In red , a silver ( white ) horseshoe over a silver ( white ) picket fence .
Politics
Westerbeck is represented by an eight-member local council . The local mayor is Annette Merz ( CDU ) .
References
Sassenburg
Villages in Lower Saxony
The 1989 NCAA Women 's Division I Swimming and Diving Championships were contested at the eighth annual NCAA-sanctioned swim meet to determine the team and individual national champions of Division I women 's collegiate swimming and diving in the United States .
This year 's events were hosted at the Indiana University Natatorium in Indianapolis , Indiana .
Stanford topped the team standings , finishing just 63.5 points ahead of five-time defending champions Texas ; it was the Cardinal 's second overall title and first since 1983 .
Team standings
Note : Top 10 only
( DC ) = Defending champions
Full results
See also
List of college swimming and diving teams
References
NCAA Division I Swimming And Diving Championships
NCAA Division I Swimming And Diving Championships
NCAA Division I Women 's Swimming and Diving Championships
Eduardo Peña Dolhun is a board certified American Family Physician with a private practice in San Francisco , California . A member of the AAFP since 1999 , he is also the founder of DripDrop , an oral rehydration solution manufacturer . Dolhun is a staff member at the California Pacific Medical Center , founded the Dolhun Clinic , the Dolhun Clinic Pre-Medical Internship Program , and Doctors Outreach Clinics . Dolhun was the co-director of Ethnicity and Medicine at Stanford University from 2008-2018 . In 2015 he became a fellow of the Society of Disaster Medicine and Public Health . He is an Adjunct Professor of Biomedical Sciences , College of Health Sciences at Marquette University . He is also a member of the San Francisco Medical Society . He has been a member of the Royal Society of Medicine and Wilderness Medical Society since 2021 .
Education
Dolhun received his bachelor 's degree in Philosophy and Spanish Literature from Marquette University in 1988 . He received his medical doctorate from Mayo Medical School in 1996 , and completed his Family Medicine residency at the Mayo Clinic Jacksonville in 1999 . He graduated the UCSF Family Medicine Faculty Development Fellowship Program in 2000 , the UCSF Primary Care Research Fellowship in 2001 , and the Stanford/Santa Clara County Family Practice Obstetrics Fellowship in 2004 .
Awards and Recognitions
In 1999 , Mayo Graduate School of Medicine named Dolhun `` Resident Teacher of the Year . ''
In 2011 , Dolhun was inducted into the Oconomowoc Area School District Wall of Fame .
In 2012 , Dolhun was awarded the Marquette University Alumni Service to the Community Award .
In 2014 , Dolhun 's invention DripDrop ORS earned an Edison Award and was named one of the best new products of the year .
In 2015 , the Society for Disaster Medicine and Public Health recognized Dolhun as their first highlighted member .
In 2017 , Mayo Clinic awarded Dolhun the Mayo Clinic Humanitarian Achievement Award .
In 2018 , the California Academy of Family Physicians recognized Dolhun as part of the `` My Family Medicine Story '' program .
Career
In 1999 , Dolhun moved to San Francisco , California after his residency to pursue fellowships in Family Medicine Research and Faculty Development at the UCSF Medical Center and Obstetrics at Stanford University and the Santa Clara County Hospital . In 2000 , he became the co-director of Ethnicity and Medicine and Adjunct Assistant Clinical Professor at Stanford University . Dolhun founded the Dolhun Clinic and the Dolhun Clinic Pre-Medical Internship Program in 2005 .
In 2008 , Dolhun began developing an oral rehydration solution . He was inspired to create a new solution after traveling to Guatemala and witnessing a cholera outbreak .
Dolhun began manufacturing the product , DripDrop , in 2010 . That year he traveled to Port-au-Prince , Haiti after an earthquake and treated approximately 500 patients . Later that year he traveled to Pakistan to treat victims of a massive flood that was chronicled by reporter Kaj Larsen of CNN .
Dolhun traveled to the Philippines in 2013 to assist in the relief effort following Typhoon Haiyan .
In October 2012 , Dolhun addressed an audience on the importance of oral rehydration solution in reducing deaths due to dehydration at a TedX event . He received the `` Service to the Community '' award from Marquette University that year . Dolhun appeared on HuffPost Live to discuss the Ebola epidemic in West Africa in September 2014 .
In April 2016 , Dolhun traveled to Ecuador to provide Oral Rehydration Therapy to the victims of a magnitude 7.8 earthquake . In June 2016 , Dr. Eduardo Dolhun traveled to Greece to provide aid at the Syrian refugee camps located there .
In March 2017 , Dolhun treated children near Cape Town , South Africa with DripDrop in the aftermath of the Imizamo Yethu fire . Later in the summer and fall of 2017 Dr. Dolhun provided aid to victims of Hurricane Harvey and the Santa Barbara Fires through the not-for-profit organization Doctors Outreach .
Humanitarian Work
Through his nonprofit , Doctors Outreach Clinics , Dr. Dolhun has led response missions to natural and man-made distasters around the world .
2016 Imizamo Yethu - Fire
2016 Greece - Refugee Crisis
2016 Ecuador - Earthquake
2015 Nepal - Earthquake
2013 Philippines - Typhoon
2010 Haiti - Earthquake
2010 Pakistan - Floods
2005 Louisiana - Hurricane Katrina
Selected publications
Dolhun , Eduardo P. , and Andrew W. Antes . `` A Case of Cardboard Boxes Likely Facilitating the Biting of a Patient by Trypanosoma cruzi-Infected Triatomine Bugs . '' The American Journal of Tropical Medicine and Hygiene 95.5 ( 2016 ) : 1115-1117 .
Dolhun , Eduardo P. `` Report from Nepal . '' Disaster Medicine and Public Health Preparedness Vol . 9 ( 2015 ) : 226 .
Dolhun , Eduardo P. Aftermath of Typhoon Haiyan : the Imminent Epidemic of Waterborne Illnesses in Leyte , Philippines . Disaster Medicine and Public Health Preparedness . December 2013 . Vol . 7 , Issue 6 .
Dolhun , Eduardo P. ; Munoz , Claudia ; Grumbach , Kevin . Cross-Cultural Education in US Medical Schools : Development of an Assessment Tool . Academic Medicine . June 2003 .
Rodnick , Jonathan E. ; Dolhun , Eduardo P. International Family Medicine Education : The Netherlands . Continuity : What do Patients Want ? . Family Medicine Journal , March 2003 . Vol.35 , No . 3 .
Pena-Dolhun E ; Grumbach K ; Vranizan K ; Osmond D ; Bindman AB . Unlocking Specialists ' Attitudes Towards Primary Care Gatekeepers . Journal of Family Practice . May 2001 .
Rodnick , Jonathan E. ; Dolhun , Eduardo P. International Family Medicine Education : Portugal . Personal Dissatisfaction in Primary Care . Family Medicine Journal , July–August 2001 . Vol.33 , No . 7 .
Rodnick , Jonathan E. ; Dolhun , Eduardo P. International Family Medicine Education : United Kingdom . What Should Our Priority Areas in Research Be ? . Family Medicine Journal , January 2001 . Vol.33 , No . 1 .
Rodnick , Jonathan E. ; Dolhun , Eduardo P. International Family Medicine Education : Ireland . Irish GPs are on the Web . Family Medicine Journal , May 2000 . Vol.32 , No.5 .
Patents and Inventions
U.S. Patent 8,557,301 B2 - Oral Rehydration Composition
References
Living people
American primary care physicians
People from the San Francisco Bay Area
Stanford University faculty
Year of birth missing ( living people )
{ { DISPLAYTITLE : L2 Puppis } }
L2 Puppis ( also known as HD 56096 ) is a giant star in the constellation of Puppis and is located between the bright stars Canopus and Sirius . It is a semi-regular pulsating star .
The designation L2 has a tangled history . This star and another were both labelled with `` L '' by Nicolas-Louis de Lacaille when he created the constellation Puppis within Argo Navis . The two stars were labelled as `` 1.L '' and `` 2.L '' by Johann Elert Bode in his star catalogue published in 1801 . Later authors used L1 and L2 , usually with numeric subscripts ( i.e . L1 and L2 ) , but occasionally as superscripts . The subscripted designation is now universally used where typography allows for subscripts .
L2 Puppis was discovered to be variable by Benjamin Apthorp Gould in 1872 , and was listed in Uranometria Argentina as 73 G. Puppis with magnitude 5.10v . It has never been given a formal variable star designation , unlike L1 Puppis which is OU Puppis .
L2 Puppis varies in apparent magnitude by about two magnitudes with a period of 140 days . The average brightness also varies slowly over several years so that the total range is given as magnitude 2.6–6.0 . Since 1995 the average brightness has dropped so that the 140-day variations are now between about magnitude 6 and 8 . The variation in light may be caused by a combination of radial pulsations in the star 's atmosphere and by dimming from circumstellar dust .
L2 Puppis is most likely an asymptotic giant branch star that has passed through the main sequence and is evolving to become a white dwarf . It is shedding mass at the rate of about per year , forming a circumstellar dust disk and bipolar plumes of gas that are thought to be the start of a `` butterfly '' -type planetary nebula .
It has been calculated that the mass of L2 Puppis is currently about and its original mass was close to about 10 billion years ago . Other calculations give higher masses , for example , and younger ages such as 1.5 billion years .
A candidate exoplanet has been found orbiting L2 Puppis every 4.69 years at a distance of . The mass is highly uncertain , at , and it might just be a dense clump of gas and dust .
L2 Puppis has a visual 12th-magnitude companion about a minute of arc away .
References
Puppis
Semiregular variable stars
M-type giants
Puppis , L2
056096
Post-asymptotic-giant-branch stars
034922
2748
Emission-line stars
Durchmusterung objects
Puppis , 73
Valentí Marín i Llovet ( 17 January 1872 in Barcelona – 7 December 1936 in ididem ) was a Catalan notary , chess writer and player .
He was in the Spanish team in the 1st unofficial Chess Olympiad of Paris , in 1st Chess Olympiad of London , in the 2nd Chess Olympiad of The Hague , in the 3rd Chess Olympiad of Hamburg and in the 4th Chess Olympiad in Prague ; and he was president of the Federación Española de Ajedrez ( Chess Spanish Federation , FEDA ) .
Works
Un artista en ajedrez ( Valentín Marín ) , 1913 , bilingual edition in ( Spanish / Esperanto )
External links
Chessgames.com : :
1872 births
1936 deaths
Writers from Catalonia
Spanish notaries
Spanish chess writers
Spanish chess players
People from Barcelona
Voorting is a surname . Notable people with the surname include :
Adrie Voorting ( 1931–1961 ) , Dutch cyclist , brother of Gerrit
Gerrit Voorting ( 1923–2015 ) , Dutch cyclist
Dutch-language surnames
Lego Chess is a Lego-themed , chess-based strategy video game developed by Krisalis Software , published by Lego Media , and released for Microsoft Windows in 1998 .
Gameplay
The rules of the game can be changed to cater to many popular variations , though the most common rules of chess are the default rules . During a game , clicking on a piece will show the available places to move to . If a piece is captured , a short video plays showing the captured character being caught , with each different capture having its own video clip . These clips are rarely related to chess . Because pawns , knights , rooks , queens , bishops and kings all have separate video clips for catching other pawns , knights , rooks , queens and bishops , there are 72 clips total .
Story mode
In story mode , the player can pick either a western or pirates theme . After selecting the theme , a three-game chess tournament against the AI begins . In the first game the AI is at 25 % difficulty , in the second game the AI is at 50 % difficulty , and in the third and final game , the AI is at 75 % difficulty . Before each match , a cutscene plays , ending with the protagonists having a task to complete . In the western theme , a sheriff is trying to capture three bank robbers , and in the pirate theme , a soldier is trying to beat some pirates to a treasure . After each match is over , another cutscene plays , with the protagonists either succeeding or failing the task , depending on the match 's outcome . ( Using the same example , either the sheriff catches a bandit , one for each match , or all of them escape . ) After completing a story , a printable certificate is rewarded .
Tutorial mode
The tutorial mode teaches how to play chess , from the basics of movement for the different pieces , to advanced playing techniques . The player is taught by `` The Chess King '' , a Lego King Minifig who talks like Elvis , and who supposedly commands the white army . The Chess King slightly modernizes the explanations of the pieces . For example , it is said that the reason knights can jump over other pieces is that they ride BMX Motorbikes . The King on his throne was also a Lego set , packaged with the first release of the game .
Versus mode
In this mode , the player can choose the difficulty of the game when playing against the AI . Multi-player mode can also be selected here . Alternatively , the player can watch the computer play against itself . In addition , a third , traditional chess set ( though still constructed from Lego bricks ) can be chosen , and all three sets can be mixed ( pirates playing against western , for example ) . However , animations for capturing pieces are disabled when playing with mixed sets . Players can also remove or add pieces from gameplay before or during the game .
Reception
Lego Chess received favourable reviews from game critics , stating its creative way of using Lego pieces as a `` fun and entertaining way of playing chess . '' Other reviews were not as positive , due to the bland style of the cutscenes and claims that cutscenes featuring the tribal drum noise were `` creepy '' .
References
1998 video games
Chess software
Krisalis Software games
Chess
Video games about police officers
Video games about pirates
Video games developed in the United Kingdom
Western ( genre ) video games
Windows games
Windows-only games
Haveh ( ) may refer to :
Haveh , Delijan
Haveh , Saveh
Girov is a commune in Neamț County , Western Moldavia , Romania . It is composed of nine villages : Boțești , Căciulești , Dănești , Doina , Girov , Gura Văii , Popești , Turturești and Verșești . It also included Bălușești and Dochia villages from 1968 to 2003 , when these were split off to form Dochia Commune .
The commune is located east of Piatra Neamț , on the road DN15D from Piatra Neamț to Roman , in the Cracău river valley .
Natives
Nicolae Dăscălescu
Ovidiu Marc
References
Communes in Neamț County
Localities in Western Moldavia
The 1965 Memphis State Tigers football team represented Memphis State College ( now known as the University of Memphis ) as an independent during the 1965 NCAA University Division football season . In its eighth season under head coach Billy J. Murphy , the team compiled a 5–5 record and outscored opponents by a total of 215 to 153 . Don McClard , Billy Fletcher , and Harry Day were the team captains . The team played its home games at Memphis Memorial Stadium in Memphis , Tennessee .
The team 's statistical leaders included Billy Fletcher with 1,239 passing yards and 556 rushing yards and Bob Sherlag with 673 receiving yards and 54 points scored .
Schedule
References
Memphis State
Memphis Tigers football seasons
Memphis State Tigers football
Philip Rucker is an American reporter and author . He is currently the White House Bureau Chief at The Washington Post , where he has been working since 2005 .
Early life and education
Rucker is a 2002 graduate of the St. Andrew 's School in Savannah , Georgia , where he was valedictorian . In 2017 , the school gave him its Distinguished Alumni Award . Rucker received a history degree from Yale University in 2006 , where he worked for the Yale Daily News as a reporter and editor .
Career
He has worked at the Post since 2005 . Initially covering a variety of beats , he became a White House correspondent and was promoted to White House bureau chief in 2014 . He covered the entire Trump administration for the Post , as well as Trump 's 2016 presidential campaign and Mitt Romney 's 2012 presidential campaign . He is also a political analyst for NBC News and MSNBC and a regular guest on PBS news shows . Jim Wertz , the chairman of the Erie County Democratic Party , called him `` one of Washington , D.C. 's most respected journalists . ''
He is the co-author , with his Post colleague Carol Leonnig , of two best-selling books about the Trump administration . The first , A Very Stable Genius . is an insider account of the first three years of Trump 's presidency . The second , I Alone Can Fix It , covers Trump 's final year in office and its immediate aftermath .
Awards
He was part of the Washington Post staff that won the 2018 Pulitzer Prize for National Reporting for coverage of the Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election .
He was part of the Washington Post staff that won a 2017 special George Polk Award for `` revealing ties between the Trump campaign and Kremlin-connected Russians that gave rise to the investigation into possible collusion during the 2016 election . ''
He and his Post colleague Ashley Parker shared the 2017 Gerald R. Ford Journalism Prize for Distinguished Reporting on the Presidency .
Bibliography
A Very Stable Genius : Donald J. Trump 's Testing of America ( 2020 ) Penguin Press ; ; co-written with Carol Leonnig
I Alone Can Fix It : Donald J. Trump 's Catastrophic Final Year . Engels 2021 , ; co-written with Carol Leonnig
References
External links
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
American political journalists
MSNBC people
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Pulitzer Prize for National Reporting winners
People from Savannah , Georgia
The Washington Post journalists
Yale University alumni
Sophia Chikirou ( born 3 June 1979 ) is a French politician who has represented the 6th constituency of Paris in the National Assembly since 22 May 2022 . A member of La France Insoumise ( FI ) , she was elected to Parliament in the first round of the 2022 legislative election . Chikirou has also served as a member of the Regional Council of Île-de-France since 2021 .
Political career
A native of Bonneville , Haute-Savoie , Chikirou grew up in Scionzier . She joined the Socialist Party in 1997 . From 2002 to 2007 , Chikirou worked as a parliamentary assistant for Michel Charzat , who represented the 21st constituency of Paris in the National Assembly . She was excluded from the party in 2006 along with Charzat after they refused to rally behind George Pau-Langevin , the party 's nominee for 2007 legislative election in the constituency . Charzat ran for reelection as a Socialist dissident under the miscellaneous left label with Chikirou as his substitute but was defeated .
As a member of La France Insoumise since 2016 , she was Jean-Luc Mélenchon 's presidential campaign communications director in the 2017 election . In the 2022 legislative election , she was elected to Parliament for the 6th constituency of Paris , where she succeeded one-term incumbent Pierre Person of La République En Marche ! who declined to run for reelection .
References
Living people
1979 births
People from Haute-Savoie
Politicians from Île-de-France
Pantheon-Sorbonne University alumni
21st-century French women politicians
Members of the Regional Council of Île-de-France
Deputies of the 16th National Assembly of the French Fifth Republic
Members of Parliament for Paris
Socialist Party ( France ) politicians
Modern Left politicians
Left Party ( France ) politicians
La France Insoumise politicians
Robert George Taylor ( 1920–1950 ) was posthumously awarded the George Cross for the heroism he displayed on 13 March 1950 in Bristol . His award was published in the London Gazette on 1 August 1950 .
A 29-year-old newspaper advertising salesman and ex-serviceman , he attempted to stop two-armed bank robbers as they fled from Lloyds Bank in Westbury Park , Bristol , but was shot and died at the scene . The criminals , both Polish labourers , were later apprehended and hanged at Winchester Prison .
In 2005 , a plaque commemorating his heroism was unveiled at his former home in Bristol .
References
1920 births
1950 deaths
British recipients of the George Cross
English murder victims
People from Bristol
People murdered in England
Deaths by firearm in England
Royal Artillery soldiers
British Army personnel of World War II
Military personnel from Bristol
Henry Talbot was an Argentine rugby union footballer , who played in the Club Atlético del Rosario , and in the Argentina national rugby union team .
Career
Talbot was born in Rosario , Argentina , member of a family of British ancestry . He started his career in rugby union playing as wing for the Club Atlético del Rosario . Talbot was the Captain of the Rosario team , and had won two consecutive titles in 1905 and 1906 .
In 1910 , Talbot was part of the first Argentina national team , captained by Oswald Gebbie . On June 12 , 1910 , he made his debut for Argentina against Great Britain .
Titles
References
External links
Argentina international rugby union players
Argentine rugby union players
Rugby union players from Buenos Aires
Argentine people of Welsh descent
Rugby union wings
Río de la Plata
is the first mini-album by Fujifabric , released in October 2002 under the independent Japanese record label Song-Crux .
Track listing
EP ( Cat.No : RTSC-002 )
References
Fujifabric albums
2002 EPs
Lori Lite ( born 1961 ) is an American author and founder of Stress Free Kids , working in the field of children 's stress management . Lori has authored 11 books and a curriculum . She wrote and produced 9 Indigo Dreams CDs which encompass relaxation music for children , audio books for children , and guided instructional stress management for teens and adults . Her books have been translated into Japanese , Spanish , and Turkish .
Works published
Books in English
Angry Octopus : A Relaxation Story ( 2008 )
Angry Octopus Coloring Book ( 2017 )
Sea Otter Cove ( 2008 )
Affirmation Weaver ( 2008 )
Bubble Riding ( 2008 )
The Goodnight Caterpillar ( 2004 )
A Boy and a Turtle ( 2012 )
A Boy and a Bear ( 1996 )
The Affirmation Web ( 1997 )
Stress Free Kids Parent Guide ( 2013 )
Stress Free Kids Curriculum ( 2011 )
'Stress Free Kids Bilingual Kit Books in Spanish
El Pulpo Enojado ( 2012 ) Caleta de Nutria Marina ( 2012 ) Tejedor de Afimaciones ( 2012 ) Montando Burbujas ( 2011 ) Buenas Noches Oruga ( 2011 ) El Niño y la Tortuga ( 2012 ) CDs
Indigo Dreams
Indigo Ocean Dreams
Sueños del Océano Índigo
Indigo Dreams : Garden of Wellness
Indigo Dreams 3-CD set
Indigo Teen Dreams
Indigo Teen Dreams 2-CD Set Indigo Dreams : Adult Relaxation Indigo Dreams : Kids Relaxation Music
Indigo Dreams : Teen Relaxation Music
Indigo Dreams : Kids Rainforest Relaxation Music ``
References
External links
Official website
Living people
State University of New York at Oneonta alumni
1961 births
American children 's writers
Parapsychologists
People from Twin Falls , Idaho
Writers from Idaho
American adoptees
20th-century American women writers
20th-century American writers
21st-century American women writers
Women columnists
The Forest Akers Golf Courses are two golf courses located on the campus of Michigan State University in East Lansing , Michigan . Both the East and West courses are open to the public and are made in 18-hole championship style . The men 's and women 's Michigan State Spartans golf teams are resident there . The West course was redesigned by golf course architect Arthur Hills – an alumnus of Michigan State . The East course was redesigned in 1997 . The courses also contain a golf center for practice .
The courses were rated four star by Golf Digest in 1999 . The courses are named after Forest Akers , an alumnus of who donated the land to the institution . A condition of the donation was that the course also had to serve as an arboretum and as a result it hosts a variety of plant life native to Michigan . It is the only golf course to feature an arboretum . The original course was designed by W. Bruce Matthews . The West course was opened in 1958 . The West Course is the most challenging of the two , and the East course is a par-72 course since its redesign in 1997 .
Given the quality of the courses , it has served as the venue for college championships included the NCAA regionals , Big Ten Conference Championships and the Western Junior Championships . In addition to golf , the courses served as the venue for the NCAA Men 's Division I Cross Country Championships during its early history . Indeed , it was the only location used for the championship for the first 25 editions that it was held .
References
External links
Golf clubs and courses in Michigan
College golf clubs and courses in the United States
Michigan State University
Tourist attractions in Ingham County , Michigan
Event venues established in 1958
1958 establishments in Michigan
Toni Onley ( November 20 , 1928 – March 2 , 2004 ) was a Manx-Canadian painter noted for his landscapes and abstract works . Born in Douglas on the Isle of Man , he moved to Canada in 1948 , and lived in Brantford , Ontario . Later he moved to Vancouver and finally , Victoria , BC .
Among his works are many watercolours depicting the northern Canadian landscape . Onley created landscapes in the Canadian tradition , influenced by Oriental art . Icebergs , trees , water and coasts are the prominent features in these artworks . He also painted abstractly , particularly during the 1960s , when he produced his Polar series .
He was made an Officer of the Order of Canada in 1999 . He was made an associate member of the Royal Canadian Academy of Arts ( 1963 ) . He died at the age of 76 in a plane crash on the Fraser River near Maple Ridge , British Columbia while practising take-offs and landings in a Lake LA-4-200 Buccaneer amphibious plane .
Notes
Bibliography
Further reading
External links
Toni Onley 's Official Website
Toni Onley , Lethbridge College Buchanan Art Collection
1928 births
2004 deaths
People from Douglas , Isle of Man
Manx emigrants to Canada
Aviators killed in aviation accidents or incidents in Canada
20th-century Canadian painters
Canadian male painters
21st-century Canadian painters
Canadian landscape painters
Officers of the Order of Canada
Accidental deaths in British Columbia
Victims of aviation accidents or incidents in 2004
20th-century Canadian male artists
21st-century Canadian male artists
Hmawbi Saya Thein ( , ; 1862–1942 ) was a Burmese writer , known for his articles on Burmese culture and history .
In his travels around the country Thein collected many historical artifacts , manuscripts , traditions and oral history related to Burmese history and culture . Based on his research and collection , he wrote many articles about Burmese culture and history in magazines in colonial Burma . Many of the articles were later collected , some posthumously , and published in book form .
Works
A Crazy Man 's Shoulder Bag : A collection of anecdotes that used to be required reading in the school curriculum .
An Oral Chronicle : Purported oral history passed down from father to son about events in the court of King Bagyidaw of the Konbaung Dynasty .
References
Burmese writers
1862 births
1942 deaths
Mirror 's Edge is a side-scrolling platform game developed by IronMonkey Studios and published by Electronic Arts . It was released for iPad and iPhone in 2010 , and for Windows Phone in 2012 . The game is a prequel to the original Mirror 's Edge , setting the scene about Runners and the city 's shady corporations . It received very positive reviews from critics .
Gameplay
Mirror 's Edge is side-scrolling platform game where the player must control the protagonist , Faith Connors , as she navigates a city . The game acts as a prequel to the original Mirror 's Edge , setting the scene about Runners and the city 's shady corporations . To progress through the game , the player must complete 14 levels as fast as possible while getting past opponents controlled by the game 's artificial intelligence . The player has the ability to dash , jump , wall-run , slide , and use zip lines . Although Faith can not use weapons , the player can perform melee attacks and disarm opponents . Records can be uploaded to online leaderboards , where records from other players can be downloaded as Ghosts . These are recordings that show the player the path other players took .
The game includes a split-screen multiplayer mode , where two players may race each other across any of the game 's unlocked levels . Another multiplayer mode , Rivals , involves players collecting bags under a time limit .
Development and release
Mirror 's Edge was developed by IronMonkey Studios , a video game studio based in Melbourne , Australia . The game was originally announced on December 2 , 2009 , for iPhone and intended to be released in January 2010 , but it was delayed so that the developers could add more content and make additional tweaks . It was later decided that the game would first be released on April 1 , 2010 , for the iPad 's launch . An iPhone version was ultimately released on September 2 , 2010 . Although both versions are essentially the same game , the iPhone version does not include a multiplayer mode . Another version was released for Nokia Lumia Windows Phones on July 13 , 2012 . In 2015 , the game was removed from the App Store because it does not support iOS versions newer than 7.1.2 .
Reception
Mirror 's Edge received very positive reviews from critics , who frequently compared it to Canabalt . IGN considered Mirror 's Edge one of the best launch games for the iPad , while Eurogamer described it as a `` beautiful 2.5D interpretation '' of the original , praising its intuitive controls and Faith 's fluid animations . Reviewing the iPhone version , Kotaku editor Luke Plunkett criticized the game 's short length due to the lack of a multiplayer mode , stating that the game can be finished in half an hour , but nevertheless praised its simple and responsive controls . He also praised the graphics for their crisp and colorful textures , especially when the game is played on iPhone 4 or iPod Touch 4 devices . As of November 2010 , the game has sold more than 37,000 copies .
References
External links
2010 video games
IOS games
Platform games
Video games developed in Australia
Video games featuring female protagonists
Windows Phone games
Abdul Qayyum Khan Jatoi is a Pakistani politician who had been a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from 2002 to 2013 .
He is the chief of Jatoi Tribe
Political career
He joined Pakistan Peoples Party ( PPP ) in the 1990s .
He was elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan from Constituency NA-180 ( Muzaffargarh-V ) as a candidate of PPP in 2002 Pakistani general election . He received 69,653 votes and defeated Sardar Ashiq Hussain . In the same election , he ran for the seat of the National Assembly from Constituency NA-179 ( Muzaffargarh-IV ) as a candidate of PPP but was unsuccessful . He received 38,589 votes and lost the seat to Syed Basit Sultan Bukhari .
In 2005 , he became district nazim Muzaffargarh .
He was re-elected to the National Assembly from Constituency NA-180 ( Muzaffargarh-V ) as a candidate of PPP in 2008 Pakistani general election . He received 68,270 votes and defeated Sardar Ashiq Hussai . In the same election , he was elected to the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab from Constituency PP-258 ( Muzaffargarh-VIII ) as a candidate of PPP . He received 26,756 votes and defeated by Aoun Raza Gopang . He vacated the Punjab Assembly seat . In November 2008 , he was inducted into the federal cabinet of Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gillani and was made Federal Minister for Defence Production . He served as Minister for Defence Production until his resignation in 2010 .
He ran for the seat of the National Assembly from Constituency NA-180 ( Muzaffargarh-V ) as a candidate of PPP in 2013 Pakistani general election but was unsuccessful . He received 41,548 votes and lost the seat to Sardar Ashiq Hussain .
In June 2018 , he quit PPP .
References
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Pakistani MNAs 2002–2007
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
People from Muzaffargarh
People from Muzaffargarh District
Politicians from Muzaffargarh
Uyedineniya Island ( also Uedinenia , ; ) is an island located in the central part of the Kara Sea , roughly midway between Novaya Zemlya and Severnaya Zemlya . Its latitude is 77° 29 ' N and its longitude 82° 30 ' E. It is often labelled as Einsamkeit Island ( from the German Insel der Einsamkeit ) as well as Lonely Island or Solitude Island in English maps .
Geography
The island is barren and icy throughout the winter months , but some tundra vegetation grows on it in the summer . Its length is and its total area is . Compared to other Arctic islands it is flat and low-lying , with some swamps and small lakes and a long spit of land on its NE side . Its highest point is only about .
Owing to its extreme northerly location the weather is bleak and severe and the sea surrounding Uedineniya is covered with pack ice in the winter . Ice floes are commonly found even in the summer .
The nearest landmasses are the Izvestiy TSIK Islands , located about 150 km to the south-southeast , while the distance to mainland Siberia to the south-southeast some and to the northern tip of Novaya Zemlya straight west about .
Uyedineniya belongs to the Krasnoyarsk Krai administrative division of the Russian Federation .
History
The island was discovered on 26 August 1878 by Norwegian explorer Captain Edvard Holm Johannesen from Tromsø . He named the island Ensomheden— '' solitude '' in Norwegian—due to its desolate appearance and isolated location in the Arctic .
Soviet polar explorer Professor Vladimir Yulyevich Vize advanced the hypothesis that there was an extensive shallow area and perhaps more undiscovered islands near Uyedinenya . This was based on certain observations made by polar explorers :
During his expedition to Franz Josef Land on ice-breaking steamer `` Malygin '' in 1931 , Vize hoped to carry out oceanographic work in the Northern part of the Kara Sea , but his research was cut short by thick sea ice . Later expeditions and satellite pictures demonstrated that there were no other islands in the vicinity of Uedineniya .
A cervical vertebra of a plesiosaur ( Plesiosaurus latispinus ) was discovered on the island during an expedition in the 1930s . It was studied by Soviet paleontologist A. N. Ryabinin .
At the time of World War II , there was a small polar observatory on Uyedineniya built by the Soviet government . On September 8 , 1942 , the German submarine U-251 ( Lt. Captain Timm ) surfaced close to the island and destroyed the weather station 's small building and its garrison by firing grenades against those targets . This was one of the last actions of the Kriegsmarine under Operation Wunderland .
Since May 1993 , Uyedineniya has been a part of the Great Arctic State Nature Reserve , the largest nature reserve in Russia intended to preserve the habitat of the polar bears , pinnipeds ( namely , walruses and seals ) , and the many kinds of birds that live on the island .
The polar observatory , which had been rebuilt during the Cold War time , was abandoned in 1996 . Presently there is no human habitation in Uyedineniya .
Climate
Uyedineniya Island has a harsh Arctic climate , mean temperatures never rise above freezing .
See also
List of islands of Russia
List of research stations in the Arctic
Notes
References
Sources
Rudolf Samoylovich , Exploration of the Polar Part of U.S.S.R. in 1934 and the Sedov expedition .
Albert Hastings Markham . Arctic Exploration , 1895 .
External links
Hamradio
Sverdrup Expedition investigations on Uyedinenya Island
Islands of the Kara Sea
Exploration of the Arctic
Polar exploration by Russia and the Soviet Union
Populated places of Arctic Russia
Islands of Krasnoyarsk Krai
Arctic expeditions
Dashli Borun ( , also Romanized as Dāshlī Borūn ) is a village in Atrak Rural District , Dashli Borun District , Gonbad-e Qabus County , Golestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 970 , in 203 families .
References
Populated places in Gonbad-e Kavus County
Lernamerdz ( , also Romanized as Lernamerts ; formerly , Ayarlu ) is an Armenian village of 400 people in Armavir Province that still follows Soviet communism , even after the fall of the Soviet Union in 1991 .
Prior to 1991 , year during which the Soviet Union was dissolved , there were only 5 registered communists in Lernamerdz .
Today , all of the villagers claim that they adhere to the socialist ideology , and think that `` everyone will be happy then and the sun will shine brightly '' if communism is reestablished in Armenia . The village , also called `` Little Cuba '' has attracted many communist visitors , because of its special status .
References
Leninism
Populated places in Armavir Province
Yazidi populated places in Armenia
Mr Model México is an annual male beauty pageant aimed for young men throughout Mexico who are between the ages of eighteen and twenty-seven and who meet the necessary qualities to best represent the country at an international level . Founded in 2010 by Óscar Servin , the organization also looks to instill values and awareness in the nation 's youth by promoting a healthy physical and social lifestyle . Mr Model México has been held uninterruptedly since 2011 and is responsible for selecting the country 's delegates to the Mister International and Mister Global competitions , among others .
Titleholders
Below are the annual winners of the Mr Model México title , listed in ascending order . Alongside their names are the state they represented , the venue which played host to their victory , and the primary international pageant they took part in .
Representatives at major male pageants
Color Key
Mister International
Mister Supranational
Mister World
Mister Global
See also
Oscar servin
Mr Mexico Model
Mr Model Mexico SA de CV
Mexico
Mexican awards
Beauty pageants in Mexico
Recurring events established in 2010
2010 establishments in Mexico
Mister Global by country
Santa 's Village Amusement & Water Park ( formerly known and colloquially referred to this day as simply Santa 's Village ) is a theme park in East Dundee , Illinois . It was originally built by Glenn Holland , who also built two other Santa 's Villages , in California ; one located in San Bernardino County and the other in Santa Cruz County . The Illinois park , the third to be built , was intended to be the flagship of a chain of Santa 's Villages across the country . However , parks planned for Richmond , Virginia and Cherry Hill , New Jersey , were never built , and the park in East Dundee became the last of its kind .
The park operated as Santa 's Village from 1959 until 2006 , when it closed . Five years later , after extensive rehabilitation , the park reopened under new ownership . Renamed Santa 's Village Azoosment Park because of the shared focus on both rides and animals , the Azoosment Park has nearly twenty rides and attractions , and hundreds of exotic and farm animals in an interactive environment . For a short time in 1972 the park was named Worlds of Fun . To avert legal feuds with other parks with similar names , the name was changed again to Three Worlds of Santa 's Village . In 2021 , the park updated its name to Santa 's Village Amusement & Water Park .
About the park
The buildings were modeled on what an average child might imagine Santa 's Village would look like . When it opened , it was a very prominent theme park . Over the park 's history more than 20 million people passed through the front gates .
Initially , rides were purchased individually with colored coins that allowed riders so much time on the attractions . Admission to the park was free . This was eventually abandoned for a one-price admission policy with access to all rides , a model that continued until the end of the park 's life .
History
1959–2006
The park opened on May 30 , 1959 . One addition to the park , opened in 1963 , was the `` Polar Dome '' which provided an ice skating and hockey venue under a forced-air supported dome . On November 28 , 1966 , a strong wind caused the `` Polar Dome '' to collapse . The dome was then replaced by a flat cedar roof , although the name of the venue was not changed .
During the 1960s , the park featured short Amphicar rides , which simply drove the riders about to the edge of a small lake , then out about another 100 feet , circled a pier and returned .
Three Worlds ( 1972–2006 )
In 1972 , the park was purchased by the Medina Investors , who renamed it Worlds of Fun . However , to preclude involvement in trademark-infringing lawsuits with amusement parks employing the exact name , they renamed it again to the Three Worlds of Santa 's Village .
Santa 's World This was the original area and focal point of the park . It was located north of the Polar Dome . It had attractions such as Santa 's House , where visitors could get a picture with Santa , the North Pole , a live theater , Frog Hopper , Balloon Ride , Snowball Ride , Giant Slide , Convoy , Train , and the Dragon Coaster .
Old McDonald 's Farm This replaced the Reindeer Barn and consolidated all of the roaming animals to one spot in the park . It had attractions such as the Pony Ride , Petting Zoo , and Animal Pens where the animals were stored at night . The animals were sold before the park closed in 2005 .
Coney Island This was the southern area of the park and last to be developed . It had many attractions such as Tilt-a-whirl , The Yo-yo , Himalaya , Galleon Ship , Bumble bee , and the Magic Show . This area is now occupied by Paintball Explosion .
In 1983 , the park owners added Racing Rapids Action Park to the north end of Santa 's Village .
Although the parks were connected , there were separate admission gates to either one . A combination ticket was available at either park that would permit visitors to enter both parks that day . Both parks had separate parking lots .
Water Park ( 1983–2006 )
The water park Racing Rapids was the water park attached to the north side of Santa 's Village AZoosment Park . When it opened , it was one of the first in the Midwest and the largest in Illinois . It was closed with the park in 2005 and has not reopened . In 2015 , the water park was under demolition .
Closure ( 2006 )
The unsuccessful launch of the `` Typhoon '' roller coaster , decreased attention to the aesthetics of the park , and a decline of patrons eventually prompted the corporation to sell . The sale did not proceed as smoothly as hoped and , with many setbacks and unmet deadlines , the park had to shut its doors .
In August 2006 , the park announced its permanent closure . Most of the rides and fixtures were auctioned in October 2006 .
Reopening ( 2011 )
Paintball Explosion opened on half of the site of the original Santa 's Village on April 30 , 2011 . Paintball Explosion converted the existing Polar Dome ice rink into an indoor paintball field . Paintball Explosion built six outdoor fields within the existing park , reusing many of the outdoor structures .
Azoosmentpark opened on May 27 on the other half of original Santa 's Village property . They feature various attractions and rides , while also providing exotic pets on exhibit .
According to the park 's website , it included two rides from the now-defunct Kiddieland Amusement Park . Those rides are the Midge-O-Racers and the Kiddie Whip Ride . Some of the original Santa 's Village rides have also been restored to working order . 2013 saw several new additions including a roller coaster .
Lists of attractions
Roller coasters
Rides & attractions
Other venues
Food & beverages
List of former attractions
See also
Santa 's Village ( Lake Arrowhead )
References
External links
Santa 's Village Official Site
Santa 's Village Official Facebook Site
Santa 's Village Official Site ( archive.org , 1998-2006 )
Image of Americas - Santa 's Village
Santa 's Village Gone Wild - Tales of Summer Fun , Hijinx , and Debauchery as Told by Those Who Worked There
Santa 's Village Gone Wild Book Website
Santa 's Village Fan Page
Paintball Explosion 's Official Site
TV commercials at The Museum of Classic Chicago Television
Amusement parks in Illinois
1959 establishments in Illinois
2006 disestablishments in Illinois
2011 establishments in Illinois
Buildings and structures in Kane County , Illinois
Santa Claus
Tourist attractions in Kane County , Illinois
Amusement parks opened in 1959
Liu Shouxiang ( , 5 April 1958 – 13 February 2020 ) was a Chinese watercolor painter and professor at the Hubei Institute of Fine Arts . His work won many awards and was collected by many art museums . He was also a member of the China Democratic League .
Biography
Liu was born in Wuhan . In 1981 , he graduated from the Hubei Institute of Fine Arts in the Department of Fine Arts , majored in teaching . He stayed in school and served as the director of the Department of Fine Arts Education . In 1987 , he founded the Department of Watercolor Painting in the Hubei Institute of Technology Teachers ' Department . In 2009 , he established a watercolor painting department and served as the head of the department . He was the first person to set up a watercolor painting department in a Chinese art college . Liu 's technique , in particular his ability to shade colors achieved the same depth and diversity in scale as seen in many oil paintings . According to Fan Feng , director of Wuhan Art Museum , Liu 's paintings have a smart arrangement of space and shapes that makes them `` full of motion and a sense of rhythm '' ; for him , Liu `` paid great attention to nuances and expressed in his artworks that all things on Earth possess a sensibility and a beauty of their own '' . He retired in 2018 . In the same year , Hubei University hired Liu as a distinguished professor .
On 17 January 2020 , Liu went to Zhuhai for an exhibition , not knowing he had contracted coronavirus disease 2019 . At 5 am on 13 February , Liu Shouxiang died of coronavirus in Wuhan Jinyintan Hospital at the age of 61 . His daughter and son-in-law were also hospitalized with the virus .
References
1958 births
2020 deaths
Artists from Wuhan
Hubei Institute of Fine Arts alumni
Hubei Institute of Fine Arts faculty
Hubei University faculty
20th-century Chinese painters
21st-century Chinese painters
People 's Republic of China painters
Deaths from the COVID-19 pandemic in the People 's Republic of China
The 2008 Top League Challenge Series was the 2008 edition of the Top League Challenge Series , a second-tier rugby union competition in Japan , in which teams from regionalised leagues competed for promotion to the Top League for the 2008–09 season . The competition was contested from 27 January to 10 February 2008 .
Kintetsu Liners and Yokogawa Musashino Atlastars won promotion to the 2008–09 Top League , while Mazda Blue Zoomers and World Fighting Bull progressed to the promotion play-offs .
Competition rules and information
The top two teams from the regional Top East League , Top West League and Top Kyūshū League qualified to the Top League Challenge Series . The regional league winners participated in Challenge 1 , while the runners-up participated in Challenge 2 .
The top two teams in Challenge 1 won automatic promotion to the 2008–09 Top League , while the third-placed team in Challenge 1 and the Challenge 2 winner qualified to the promotion play-offs .
Qualification
The teams qualified to the Challenge 1 and Challenge 2 series through the 2007 regional leagues .
Top West League
The final standings for the 2007 Top West League were :
Honda Heat , Kintetsu Liners and World Fighting Bull qualified to the Second Phase .
Kintetsu Liners qualified for Challenge 1 .
World Fighting Bull qualified for Challenge 2 .
Top East League
The final standings for the 2007 Top East League were :
Yokogawa Musashino Atlastars qualified for Challenge 1 .
Secom Rugguts qualified for Challenge 2 after a play-off match against NTT Communications Shining Arcs .
The following match was played :
Insurance Meiji Life Yasuda and Shimizu Blue Sharks were relegated to lower leagues .
Top Kyūshū League
The final standings for the 2007 Top Kyūshū League were :
Chugoku Electric Power , Mazda Blue Zoomers and Mitsubishi Heavy Industries qualified to the Second Phase .
Mitsubishi Mizushima were relegated to lower leagues .
Mazda Blue Zoomers qualified for Challenge 1 .
Chugoku Electric Power qualified for Challenge 2 .
Challenge 1
Standings
The final standings for the 2008 Top League Challenge 1 were :
Kintetsu Liners and Yokogawa Musashino Atlastars won promotion to the 2008–09 Top League .
Mazda Blue Zoomers progressed to the promotion play-offs .
Matches
The following matches were played in the 2008 Top League Challenge 1 :
Challenge 2
Standings
The final standings for the 2008 Top League Challenge 2 were :
World Fighting Bull progressed to the promotion play-offs .
Matches
The following matches were played in the 2008 Top League Challenge 2 :
See also
2007–08 Top League
Top League Challenge Series
References
2008 Challenge
2007–08 in Japanese rugby union
2008 rugby union tournaments for clubs
Karl Engel ( born 8 March 1884 , date of death unknown ) was an Austrian footballer . He played in one match for the Austria national football team in 1906 .
References
External links
1884 births
Year of death missing
Austrian footballers
Austria international footballers
Place of birth missing
Association footballers not categorized by position
2009 JEF United Ichihara Chiba season
Competitions
Player statistics
Other pages
J . League official site
JEF United Ichihara Chiba
JEF United Chiba seasons
The Bride of Lammermoor is a 1909 American silent drama film directed by J. Stuart Blackton for Vitagraph Studios . Existing in fragmentary form , it is considered to be a lost film .
Cast
Annette Kellerman as Lucy Ashton
Maurice Costello as Edgar Ravenswood
Plot
Based on the novel by Walter Scott , it tells the story of two ill-fated lovers and the tragedy that follows their thwarted union .
Production
The Bride of Lammermoor was produced by Vitagraph Studios and released January 5 , 1909 . The copyright date is listed as 19 December 1908 .
Reception
A review from The Moving Picture World on 9 Jan 1909 writes , `` An excellent production of Scott 's well known novel of that name . The Vitagraph people have given another of their ambitious films which is as satisfactory as it is possible to make such a long story in so condensed a form . The staging is as near correct as can be made now , and the acting is especially good . The scene where the heroine goes mad is strong and appears natural in the last degree . This film is extremely popular with the audience , and brought a round of applause in two different places where it was seen this week. ” Another review from The Moving Picture World calls it `` a very excellent effort '' , but took issue with the liberty taken with Scott 's source material , writing , `` Just a word to the producer , who takes a liberty with Scott 's text by making Edgar commit suicide and die , a ghastly object , at the foot of sea-swept rocks . That is just exactly what he did not do in the book . ''
Preservation status
This is presumed a lost film .
References
External links
1909 lost films
Vitagraph Studios films
Films based on works by Walter Scott
Films directed by J. Stuart Blackton
1900s American films
Alfred Dünmann ( 5 December 1884 – 5 June 1942 ) , commonly known as Fritz Dünmann , was an Austrian footballer who played as a striker . He played in three matches for the Austria national football team from 1906 to 1907 .
Dünmann was born in Vienna . He played as a striker for Rapid Wien and for the Austria national team , earning three caps from 1906 to 1907 , and scoring two goals .
Being a Jew , Dünmann was deported to Dachau concentration camp in the November pogrom in 1938 , but was released and went into exile in France . However , he was imprisoned again in 1941 , and was deported via various intermediate camps to Auschwitz concentration camp , where he was eventually murdered on 5 June 1942 .
References
External links
1884 births
1942 deaths
Austrian footballers
Austria international footballers
Footballers from Vienna
Association football forwards
SK Rapid Wien players
Austrian people who died in Auschwitz concentration camp
Austrian Jews who died in the Holocaust
Jewish emigrants from Austria after the Anschluss
Jewish emigrants from Nazi Germany to France
Dachau concentration camp survivors
Wiesenthau is a municipality in the district of Forchheim in Bavaria in Germany .
References
Forchheim ( district )
UbiA prenyltransferase domain-containing protein 1 ( UBIAD1 ) also known as transitional epithelial response protein 1 ( TERE1 ) is a protein that in humans is encoded by the UBIAD1 gene .
The enzyme is named for its canonical role in ubiquinone production . Recent evidence suggests that ubiad1 has enzymatic activity in the vitamin K pathway , a role in blood vessel development , and may be involved in oxidative stress pathways .
Clinical significance
Mutations of the UBIAD1 gene cause Schnyder crystalline corneal dystrophy . >
References
Further reading
The August 7th Memorial Park is located at the 1998 United States embassy bombings scene along Haile Selassie Avenue in Nairobi , Kenya . It contains a notice board listing the names of all people that were reported dead after the incident .
References
Nairobi
Parks in Kenya
History of Nairobi
WRIV ( 1390 AM ) is a radio station licensed to Riverhead , New York and serves eastern Long Island . It broadcasts an adult standards format .
The station , which has been owned since 1987 by Crystal Coast Communications , has daytime power of 1,000 watts and 64 watts at night .
History
The station , then owned by the Suffolk Broadcasting Corporation , went on the air on June 19 , 1955 as a sister station to co-owned WALK and WALK-FM radio in Patchogue , New York . Its first studio at 29 East Main Street burned within six months in what is listed by the Riverhead Fire Department as one of the worst fires in the town 's history .
In 1963 , WRIV , along with WALK and WALK-FM , was sold to Island Broadcasting System . Island Broadcasting was owned in part by NBC News anchorman Chet Huntley . In 1965 , WRIV applied for a television license for Channel 55 . WRIV-TV , which likely would have gone to air as the NBC affiliate for eastern Long Island , held a construction permit for the station until the early 1970s . The Channel 55 allocation was dormant until WLIG-TV went on the air in 1985 ; today Channel 55 is known as WLNY-TV and is owned by CBS .
WRIV was sold again in 1981 to East End Communications and became sister station to now defunct WGLI 1290 in Babylon , New York before being sold to its current owners .
Some former personalities on the station include : Ted Brown ( following the demise of WNEW ) and former WALK morning personality Bob Klein .
WRIV is the only commercial AM radio station in the five east end towns of Long Island . It maintains an Adult Standards/Information format and has local personalities . The station is an affiliate of the ABC Information Network .
References
Further reading
External links
RIV
Adult standards radio stations in the United States
Mass media in Suffolk County , New York
Radio stations established in 1955
1955 establishments in New York ( state )
In mathematics , the class of Z-matrices are those matrices whose off-diagonal entries are less than or equal to zero ; that is , the matrices of the form :
Note that this definition coincides precisely with that of a negated Metzler matrix or quasipositive matrix , thus the term quasinegative matrix appears from time to time in the literature , though this is rare and usually only in contexts where references to quasipositive matrices are made .
The Jacobian of a competitive dynamical system is a Z-matrix by definition . Likewise , if the Jacobian of a cooperative dynamical system is J , then ( −J ) is a Z-matrix .
Related classes are L-matrices , M-matrices , P-matrices , Hurwitz matrices and Metzler matrices . L-matrices have the additional property that all diagonal entries are greater than zero . M-matrices have several equivalent definitions , one of which is as follows : a Z-matrix is an M-matrix if it is nonsingular and its inverse is nonnegative . All matrices that are both Z-matrices and P-matrices are nonsingular M-matrices .
In the context of quantum complexity theory , these are referred to as stoquastic operators .
See also
Hurwitz matrix
M-matrix
Metzler matrix
P-matrix
References
Matrices
WireframeSketcher is a wireframing tool developed by Peter Severin and first released in November 2008 . WireframeSketcher software is a member of Eclipse Foundation . It is used for creating wireframes , mockups and prototypes for desktop , web and mobile applications . It allows the designer to create screens by arranging pre-built widgets using a drag-and-drop WYSIWYG editor and then organize screens into interactive storyboards . The application is offered in a desktop version as well as a plug-in for any Eclipse IDE such as Flash Builder , ColdFusion Builder , Aptana , MyEclipse and Zend Studio . WireframeSketcher is a general purpose tool , but it also provides specialized widget libraries for Android , iOS and Windows Phone .
Awards
WireframeSketcher was a finalist in the Best RCP Application category at EclipseCon 2011 .
WireframeSketcher was a finalist in the Best Developer Tool category at EclipseCon 2013 .
See also
Website wireframe
Mockup
Prototyping
Rapid prototyping
Rapid Application Development
Software Prototyping
References
External links
WireframeSketcher Website
2008 software
Information technology companies of Romania
Companies based in Bucharest
Privately held companies of Romania
Norman Hilberry ( March 11 , 1899 – March 28 , 1986 ) was an American physicist , best known as the director of the Argonne National Laboratory from 1956 to 1961 . In December 1942 he was the man who stood ready with an axe to cut to scram line during the start up of Chicago Pile-1 , the world 's first nuclear reactor to achieve criticality .
Biography
Horace van Norman Hilberry was born in Cleveland , Ohio , on March 11 , 1899 . He received his Bachelor of Arts ( A.B . ) degree from Oberlin College in 1921 , and then became an assistant in physics at the University of Chicago . In 1925 he became an instructor in physics at Washington Square College in New York , where he rose to become an assistant professor in 1928 . He earned his Doctor of Philosophy ( Ph.D. ) from the University of Chicago in 1941 , writing his thesis on `` Extensive cosmic-ray showers and the energy distribution of the primary cosmic rays '' .
In 1941 , Hilberry joined what would become the Manhattan Project , the effort to create an atomic bomb during World War II . He moved to the University of Chicago to help Arthur H. Compton in any way possible . Hilberry became associate director of Compton 's Metallurgical Project . On December 2 , 1942 , he was present for the start up of Chicago Pile-1 , the world 's first nuclear reactor to achieve criticality . Because of fears that the reaction could `` run away '' , Hilberry stood ready with an axe to cut to scram line , a manila rope connected to control rods that could quickly shut the reactor down . He was also present for the start-up of the X-10 Graphite Reactor in November 1943 , and the reactors at the Hanford Engineer Works the following year . He returned to the Metallurgical Laboratory in Chicago in 1945 .
Hilberry became assistant director of the Metallurgical Laboratory in 1943 . On July 1 , 1946 , the Metallurgical Laboratory became Argonne National Laboratory , the first designated National Laboratory , with Walter Zinn as director , and Hilberry as associate director . He became the deputy director in 1949 , and the director in June 1956 , on Zinn 's departure . He was the first director of Argonne 's International School of Nuclear Science and Engineering , an important part of the Eisenhower Administration 's Atoms for Peace program , from 1955 to 1956 . He stepped down in November 1961 , and was replaced by Albert Crewe . He remained at Argonne as a senior scientist until 1964 , when he accepted an appointment as Professor of Nuclear Engineering at the University of Arizona . He retired and became a professor emeritus in 1985 .
Hilberry was the recipient of the American Nuclear Society 's Arthur Holly Compton Award , and received a citation for meritorious service from the Atomic Energy Commission . He was elected a fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science in 1933 . He was president of the American Nuclear Society from 1965 to 1966 . He was a member of the board of directors of the Atomic Industry Forum from 1961 to 1968 , of the Advisory Committee on US Policy Toward the International Atomic Energy Agency in 1962 , and of the National Academy of Sciences ' Advisory Committee to the United States Office of Emergency Preparedness from 1968 to 1973 .
He died from complications arising from influenza on March 28 , 1986 , at the Humana Desert Hospital in Phoenix , Arizona . He was survived by his wife Ann and daughter Joan . His papers are in the University of Chicago Library .
Notes
References
External links
1899 births
1986 deaths
20th-century American physicists
Manhattan Project people
Scientists from Cleveland
Oberlin College alumni
University of Chicago alumni
New York University faculty
University of Arizona faculty
Argonne National Laboratory people
Fellows of the American Association for the Advancement of Science
Deaths from influenza
The Upper Crust Pizzeria is an American pizzeria chain with seven locations in the Boston area along with another in Beverly Hills , CA .
History
The first pizzeria opened in the Beacon Hill neighborhood on Charles Street in 2001 . It grew to 14 locations and developed a cult following before declaring bankruptcy in 2012 . The company was purchased in 2013 by Quabbin Capital , a Boston based private equity firm investing in US manufacturing and consumer goods companies . Its former CEO , RJ Dourney , was previously CEO of Così , but was fired in 2016 shortly before the company filed for bankruptcy .
Controversies
A United States Department of Labor investigation of the company 's pay practices from April 2007 through April 2009 revealed that Upper Crust 's hourly workers were paid straight time even after they exceeded 40 hours in a week . The company was ordered to pay more than US $ 341,000 in back wages to about 121 workers for uncompensated overtime . The Labor Department began a new investigation of the company in 2010 .
On July 16 , 2010 , a lawsuit was filed against the company by two former employees , claiming that the Upper Crust had forced employees to give back thousands of these dollars . The lawsuit claims that Upper Crust made illegal deductions from the plaintiff 's wages , paid below the legal minimum wage , and retaliated against those who complained . The plaintiffs were described as `` disgruntled ex-employees ... trying to figure out a way to extort money from our business '' , but in 2012 the company 's former chief financial officer , David Marcus , swore an affidavit saying that the Upper Crust had devised a scheme to wrest the money back which included the cashing of forged checks .
Marcus himself was accused of financial mishandling of the company 's finances which led to his plea agreement . As part of his deal , David Marcus signed an affidavit , contrary to his sworn testimony under oath , that the company attempted to take back wages in exchange for a release of liability by Shannon Liss-Riordan .
On December 20 , 2010 a former operations manager at Upper Crust filed a lawsuit that accuses the Boston pizza chain of retaliating against him after he reported the company to the US Department of Labor for allegedly violating wage and hour laws .
In 2011 , The Boston Globe reported that several former employees claimed that United States Immigration and Customs Enforcement ( ICE ) was investigating the company 's alleged hiring of illegal immigrants and other labor violations . Labor and student groups including Massachusetts Jobs with Justice have organized boycotts and protest over the company 's labor practices . The company has characterized the boycotts as misguided . The company was ultimately not charged for any wrongdoings by any of the various agencies .
In 2012 , Upper Crust co-owners Joshua Huggard and Brendan Higgins sued Tobins , alleging that he had used more than $ 750,000 in company money for personal expenses , such as the purchase of a small airplane . Tobins was placed on leave from the company , but it was eventually discovered that both Huggard and Higgins owed Tobins more than $ 1 million in unpaid royalties .
Tobins , Huggard and Higgins settled their lawsuit in August 2012 . Under the terms of the settlement , Tobins paid Huggard and Higgins $ 250,000 and assumed partial liability for the class action lawsuit by former Upper Crust employees , the Department of Labor investigation , and a lawsuit by Upper Crust 's construction firm . In exchange , Tobins received the rights to the Upper Crust name . Ultimately Huggard and Higgins fraudulently re-directed the settlement funds for their own personal expenses which were slated to be paid to ZVI Construction . Finally , Huggard and Higgins took ownership of the Upper Crust restaurants in Back Bay , Fenway , Harvard Square , Hingham , Lexington , State Street , South End , Summer Street , Waltham , Washington DC , Watertown , and Wellesley .
Huggard 's and Higgins ' company filed for bankruptcy in late 2012 , shuttering all of its locations .
UC Acquisitions , a private equity firm with ties to Upper Crust founder Jordan Tobins , purchased some locations from the bankruptcy estate of Huggard 's and Higgins ' firm . The location in Harvard Square was subsequently purchased by attorney Shannon Liss-Riordan who had represented the chain 's employees in a lawsuit , to be re-opened as a partly employee-owned pizzeria but has since closed as of winter 2018 . Since UC Acquisitions took control of Upper Crust , many franchisees have elected to cut ties with the company . As of April 2013 , Tobins or UC Acquisitions control the Upper Crust name and the locations in Beacon Hill , Brookline , Lexington , South End , Watertown , and Wellesley .
Jordan Tobins has since settled all legal matters related to his involvement with Upper Crust , including the back wages to the employees as well as all tax liabilities with Massachusetts .
Joshua Huggard and Brendan Higgins still remain responsible for any unpaid meals taxes , although Brendan Higgins now owns Peel Pizza Co and Joshua Huggard was a manager for Oath Pizza , a chain owned by his brother in law .
References
External links
Official website
Pizza chains of the United States
Restaurants established in 2001
Restaurants in Boston
American companies established in 2001
2001 establishments in Massachusetts
Multipolar or multipolarity can refer to :
Polarity ( international relations )
Multipolar neuron
See also
Tripolar ( disambiguation )
Amoebic encephalitis or amoebic meningoencephalitis may refer to several potentially fatal diseases that are infections of the central nervous system by free-living amoebae , often referred to in the media as a `` brain-eating amoeba '' infection :
Granulomatous amoebic encephalitis
Naegleriasis , also known as primary amoebic meningoencephalitis
Shekhar Sen is a singer , a music composer , a lyricist , and an actor .
Sen is famous for his monoact musical plays that he researched , written , composed , enacted , and directed : `` Tulsi '' , `` Kabeer '' , `` Vivekanand '' , `` Saahab '' & `` Soordas '' .
Early life
Sen was born in 1961 and raised in a Bengali family in Raipur , Chhattisgarh . His father , the late Dr. Arun Kumar Sen , who was the Vice-Chancellor at Indira Kala Sangeet Vishwavidyalaya , Khairagarh , and mother late Dr. Aneeta Sen , were both renowned classical singers of Gwalior Gharana and Musicologists . He learned music from his parents , moved to Mumbai in 1979 to become music composer , and began singing in 1984 . He started doing research oriented musical programs , such as Dushywant Ne Kaha Tha 1984 ( ghazals of Dushyant Kumar ) , Madhya Yugeen Kaavya 1985 ( sang medieval poets like Raskhan , Raheem , Lalitkishori , Bhooshan , Bihari , Kabir , Tulsidas , Sur Pakistan ka Hindi Kavya1986 ( Hindi Geet , Dohe written in Pakistan ) , Meera Se Mahadevi Tak 1987 ( Hindi songs by Poetesses ) & many more innovative programmes .
Career
Sen started his career in Mumbai in 1979 , with the objective of becoming a music composer . He was contracted by HMV as a ghazal singer . He soon realized that his true talent lay in composing bhajans so he shifted to that , rendering more than 200 Bhajan Albums since 1983 as singer , a lyricist , and a composer . He sang and composed for many TV serials and films . He has performed more than 1200 concerts , singing all over the world .
Since 1998 , as a playwright , actor , singer , director and composer , Sen has created one man musical plays and performed more than 1000 shows of his Mono Act Musical Plays , `` Tulsi '' , `` Kabeer '' `` Vivekananda '' `` Sanmati '' , `` Saahab '' & `` Soordas '' . His performances received great acclaim in India as well as abroad such as US , England , Belgium , Suriname , Singapore , Jakarta , Hong Kong , Johannesburg , Sharjah , Mauritius , and Trinidad .
Sen 's play , a mono-act `` Soordas '' , premiered at NCPA Mumbai on 14 June 2013 . Sen told Timeout Mumbai , `` Initially , I was very apprehensive about whether to portray a blind person for two hours – a very tough task . But when I started writing [ the play ] I realised that people with sight can only see the world [ in a 180-degree view ] , while those without sight are able to see the world [ in ] 360 degrees '' . In 2015 , he received the Padma Shri Award , and was appointed to be the Chairperson for Sangit Natya Academy by Indian Government .
Awards and accolades
Chair Person of Sangeet Natak Academy since 2015
Padma Shri Award in Art field by Indian Government , 2015
Sangeet Natak Academy Uttar Pradesh felicitated him with `` Safdar Hashmi Puraskaar , 2001 '' for the contribution in the field of theatre
Performed `` Kabeer '' at Lok Sabha on 4 May 2005
V.Shantaram Samman of Maharashtra Rajya Hindi Sahitya Academy , 2008
Performed `` Vivekanand '' at Rashtrapati Bhavan on 27 April 2013
Performed `` [ Mono Act on life of Soordas ] '' at Rashtrapati Bhavan on 11 April 2015
Performed in World Hindi Conference at Paramaribo , Suriname on 6–9 June 2003
Served as expert committee member of Ministry of Human Resource Development ( India ) for 2 years
Performed in World Hindi Conference at Johannesburg , South Africa on 22–24 September 2012
As member of Central Board of Film Certification for 4 years
Discs and albums
References
External links
Indian male singers
Living people
1961 births
People from Raipur district
Recipients of the Padma Shri in arts
People from Maharashtra
Oppomorus noduliferus , common name the nodule castror bean , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae , the murex snails or rock snails .
Description
The length of the shell varies between 15 mm and 25 mm .
The ovate , conical shell is of an ash-gray color . The pointed spire is composed of six or seven whorls , the lowest of which composes alone nearly half of the shell . The body whorl is swollen , and slightly compressed above . The other whorls are somewhat convex , except ; the last but one . Their surface is ornamented with eleven or twelve distant , prominent , rounded , longitudinal folds , intersected transversely by fine compact striae . The violet gray aperture is ovate and slightly oblique . The outer lip is furnished interiorly with numerous striae which are continued even to the depth of the cavity . The columella is smooth and whitish , with a pretty prominent fold at the base .
Distribution
This marine species occurs off the Philippines , Oceania , Papua New Guinea , New Zealand , ; New Caledonia and Australia ( New South Wales , Queensland and Western Australia )
References
Menke , K.T . 1829 . Verzeichniss der ansehnlischen Conchylien-Sammlung der Freiherrn von der Malsburg . Pyrmonti : Publisher not known pp . i–vi , 1–123 .
Duclos , M. 1832 . Description de quelques espèces de Pourpres , servant de type a six sections establies dans ce Genre . Annales des Sciences Naturelles , Paris 26 : 103–113
Iredale , T. 1937 . Mollusca . pp . 232–261 , pls 15–17 in Whitley , G.P . The Middleton and Elizabeth Reefs South Pacific Ocean . The Australian Zoologist 8 : 232–261
Maes , V.O . 1967 . The littoral marine mollusks of Cocos-Keeling Islands ( Indian Ocean ) . Proceedings of the Academy of Natural Sciences , Philadelphia 119 : 93–217
Cernohorsky , W.O . 1978 . Tropical Pacific Marine Shells . Sydney : Pacific Publications 352 pp. , 68 pls .
Springsteen , F.J. & Leobrera , F.M . 1986 . Shells of the Philippines . Manila : Carfel Seashell Museum 377 pp. , 100 pls .
Wilson , B . 1994 . Australian Marine Shells . Prosobranch Gastropods . Kallaroo , WA : Odyssey Publishing Vol . 2 370 pp .
External links
Claremont , M. ; Houart , R. ; Williams , S. T. ; Reid , D. G. ( 2012 ) . A molecular phylogenetic framework for the Ergalataxinae ( Neogastropoda : Muricidae ) . Journal of Molluscan Studies . 79 ( 1 ) : 19–29
Muricidae
Gastropods described in 1829
This is a list of media in Banff , Alberta .
Radio
CFPE-FM and CFPF-FM are Banff 's only local radio stations . The rest of the stations are rebroadcasters from Calgary , one out of Canmore , and another out of Edmonton . All serve the population of Banff .
Although all other radio stations originating from Calgary do not rebroadcast their signals into Banff , they can be heard in Banff as well , depending on elevation . For example , CBR-FM , a CBC Music affiliate that broadcasts at 102.1 FM and CIBK-FM 98.5 FM . Some of Red Deer 's originating FM signals can also be heard in Banff .
To see a complete list of media in Calgary go to : Media in Calgary .
Television
All terrestrial television stations in the Banff area are repeaters of stations and networks that originate from Calgary .
The region is not designated as , nor part of , a mandatory market for digital television conversion . Only CICT-TV announced its intention to convert its transmitters to digital .
Print
Banff Crag & Canyon - Banff 's community newspaper .
Rocky Mountain Outlook - Bow Valley 's weekly community newspaper .
Banff
Banff , Alberta
Media , Banff
Culture of Banff , Alberta
The MG 81 was a German belt fed 7.92×57mm Mauser machine gun which was used in flexible installations in World War II Luftwaffe aircraft , in which capacity it replaced the older drum magazine-fed MG 15 .
The MG 81 was developed by Mauser as a derivative of their successful MG 34 general-purpose machine gun . Development focus was to reduce production cost and time and to optimize the machine gun for use in aircraft . Developed in 1938/1939 , it was in production from 1940 to 1945 .
A special twin-mount MG 81Z ( the Z suffix stands for Zwilling , meaning `` twin '' ) was introduced in 1942 . It paired up two of the weapons on one mount to provide even more firepower with a maximum cyclic rate of fire of 3,200 rounds per minute without requiring much more space than a standard machine gun .
Towards the end of the war many specimens were delivered to the army and equipped for use in ground battles with shoulder rest and bipod .
Applications
The MG 81Z was found in many unique installations in Luftwaffe combat aircraft , such as a pair of MG 81Z ( for a total of four guns ) installed in the hollow tail cone of the Dornier Do 217 . Designated R19 ( R for Rüstsatz ) as a factory designed field conversion/upgrade kit , it allowed the pilot of the Do 217 to shoot at pursuers .
Another application was the Gießkanne ( Watering can ) , an externally mounted pod with three gun pairs , making a total of six guns and their ammunition . Able to fire at a cyclic rate of 9,000 rounds per minute , this was attached to Junkers Ju 87 or Ju 88 in an underwing mount and used to strafe ground targets .
Specifications
MG 81
Weight :
Length : ( with flash hider )
Muzzle velocity : ( sS ball ammunition ) , , or , depending on ammo type
Rate of fire : 1,400–1,600 rpm ( sS ball ammunition )
Rate of fire : 1,700–1,800 rpm
Rate of fire : 800 rpm ( coaxial mount )
MG 81Z
Weight : 12.9 kg ( 28.44 lb )
Length : 915 mm ( 965 & mm with flash hider )
Muzzle velocity : ( sS ball ammunition ) , , or , depending on ammo type
Rate of fire : 2,800–3,200 rpm ( sS ball ammunition )
Rate of fire : 3,400–3,600 rpm
See also
ShKAS
Vickers K machine gun
List of firearms
List of secondary and special-issue World War II infantry weapons
References
External links
Airwar.ru ( Russian language )
Luftwaffe39-45 ( Portuguese language )
Full size images for the MG81
7.92×57mm Mauser machine guns
MG 017 machine gun
Machine guns of Germany
World War II infantry weapons of Germany
Weapons and ammunition introduced in 1940
Annie E. Anderson Walker ( née Annie E. Anderson ) ( October 5 , 1855 – June 9 , 1929 ) was an African-American artist , known for her portraits , her work in pastels and for being one of the first African-American women to complete an institutional art education in the United States and exhibit at the Paris Salon .
Biography
Born in Flatbush , Brooklyn , on October 5 , 1855 to Nancy Cassidy and Francis Anderson , Walker was the youngest of five children . She entered the teaching profession at an early age , teaching in Jacksonville , Florida and Orrville , Alabama . After passing examinations before the Selma Board of Education , she was appointed a teacher in the Burwell Academy in Selma where she taught for several years . In 1875 she married Selma lawyer Thomas Walker in Dallas , Alabama . In 1890 she moved to Washington , DC and began private lessons in drawing and painting . After a year of private lessons Walker was admitted to the Corcoran School of Art , but was refused entry when it was discovered that she was black . When she appeared at the Corcoran , she was told by the admitting instructor that `` ... the trustees have directed me not to admit colored people . If we had known that you were colored , the committee would not have examined your work . '' Walker was acquainted with abolitionist Frederick Douglass , and he wrote a powerful appeal to the administration on her behalf asking them to `` ... reconsider this exclusion and admit Mrs. Walker to the Corcoran Gallery of Art , and thus remove a hardship and redress a grievous wrong imposed upon a person guilty of no crime and one in every way qualified to compete with others in the refining and ennobling study of art ... '' His appeal and others , however , drew no positive response and her rejection was not reversed .
Within months of her rejection by the Corcoran Gallery of Art , Walker traveled to New York City to apply at the Cooper Union for the Advancement of Science and Art .
Susan N. Carter , Principal of the Women 's Art School at the Cooper Union in 1892 , related this about Walker : `` A young colored woman came to the Cooper Union a few months ago . She was most ladylike and prepossessing in appearance . She brought with her a roll of drawings , on which she had been admitted to the Art School of the Corcoran Gallery in Washington . When she presented herself at that school , she was refused a place there , on the ground of her color solely . She showed me long letters from Frederick Douglas and others , protesting against such an injustice ; but the decision against her was not changed . Knowing of the Cooper Institute , she came to New York to see about entering here . Recognizing the wrong done to her race in her exclusion from a school in the Capitol city of our country , twenty-seven years after our war was over , I felt that I was honoring New York City , as well as the dear memory of Mr. Cooper , if I let her at once have a place in my own office ( as the class-rooms were full ) , till a vacancy should occur in the drawing-class room . This young colored girl is doing exceptionally well , and the kindness of her teacher and companions has helped to soothe her former grief . `` Walker studied at the Cooper Union from 1892 to 1895 and was a pupil of Thomas Eakins and John Henry Twachtman .
Upon Walker 's graduation in 1895 , Susan N. Carter detailed her success at the school : '' It may be remembered that three years ago a colored woman from Washington , D.C. , was admitted to the Woman 's Art School . Mrs. Annie E. A. Walker is her name . Coming to the Cooper Union she was received here , where Mr. Peter Cooper 's free gift of instruction makes no distinction of race or nationality . Mrs. Walker has been a very satisfactory scholar and now graduates . She has earned and saved more than $ 600 since she entered the Cooper Union , and will use this money for a year 's study in Paris , after which she proposes to open a studio for portrait painting . The energy , ability and fine character of this colored woman are very encouraging , as showing the possibilities of her race . ''
After graduating in 1895 , Walker sailed to Paris in September where she studied at the prestigious Académie Julian , likely the first African-American woman to do so . She was honored by being chosen to exhibit her work at the 1896 Paris Salon , the official juried art exhibition of the Académie des Beaux-Arts in Paris . The work exhibited was a pastel drawing entitled La Parisienne , a portrait of a woman now in the collection of Howard University .
After her studies , Walker traveled to London , Switzerland , and Italy . Walker returned to the United States in December 1896 , where she settled in Washington , D.C. She continued to paint and draw while balancing her responsibilities as the wife of a successful lawyer . However , two years after returning from Paris , Walker suffered a nervous breakdown , possibly due to the strain of societal pressure and expectations , and ceased her artistic work , remaining an invalid , homebound , until her death in 1929 in Washington , D.C .
Although Walker 's promising career was tragically short , she was noted especially for her pastels , which were compared with those of Alice Pike Barney , and which were shown at Howard University . Art historian Tritobia Hayes Benjamin noted Walker 's `` .. tireless courage , determination , and persistence in becoming an artist in the face of racism and sexism ... '' She describes Walker 's work as `` ... academic in style and execution , and illustrates an active intuitive ability and spirit , as well as a masterful control of the medium . '' Walker died on June 9 , 1929 at the age of 73 and was buried in Harmony Cemetery in Washington DC .
Exhibitions
1896 Annual Paris Salon , Paris France
References
1855 births
1929 deaths
American portrait painters
Pastel artists
African-American women artists
American women painters
Académie Julian alumni
Cooper Union alumni
Artists from Brooklyn
Painters from New York ( state )
Painters from Washington , D.C .
People from Flatbush , Brooklyn
19th-century American painters
20th-century American painters
19th-century American women artists
20th-century American women artists
Students of Thomas Eakins
African-American painters
Burials at Columbian Harmony Cemetery
Bernier 's vanga ( Oriolia bernieri ) is a bird species in the family Vangidae . It is in the monotypic genus Oriolia . It is endemic to Madagascar . Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests . It is threatened by habitat loss .
References
External links
BirdLife Species Factsheet .
Bernier 's vanga
Endemic birds of Madagascar
Bernier 's vanga
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
KOTO ( 91.7 FM ) is a National Public Radio-affiliated radio station licensed to Telluride , Colorado , United States . The station is currently owned by San Miguel Educational Fund .
Translators
In addition to the main station , KOTO is relayed by an additional four translators to widen its broadcast area .
See also
List of community radio stations in the United States
References
External links
KOTO official website
KOTO
Community radio stations in the United States
OTO
Hiltbold von Werstein ( born before 1250 ; died 13 December 1329 ) was abbot of the Abbey of Saint Gall from 1318 until 1329 and in his capacity as domkustos , also librarian of the Abbey Library .
Life and Works
Hiltbold von Werstein was the son of a baronial family whose seat was located in the upper Neckar valley . He is first mentioned as a monk in a document of the Abbey of Saint Gall from 1279 . He is said to have administered the courts of Gochain and Höchst in 1283 and he is recorded as thesaurarius . Together with Heinrich von Ramstein , he lodged complaint against King Rudolf along with a third monk . He is registered as custos in 1297 and as portarius from 1303 . Like his predecessor Heinrich von Ramstein , he ran against Ulrich von Trauchburg in the election of 8 May 1318 . The ministeriales supported Hiltbold , securing his victory in the election . The Constance auxiliary bishop Johannes performed Hiltbold 's consecration .
Hiltbold did not receive the jura regalia , as he remained neutral and did not take sides for any claimants to the German throne . He did , however , get closer to the Habsburg party and received an assurance of assistance from Duke Leopold , documented in a treaty from the 30 June 1319 . It is recorded that , on 17 November 1318 , he ratified the Handfeste of Abbot Wilhelm from 1291 . A document from 15 November 1323 reports the negotiations about a border dispute between Appenzell and Hundwil for which Hiltbold acted as mediator . It is also recorded that on 27 November 1325 , Leopold of Austria arranged a settlement for a dispute with the family of Toggenburg in which the abbot was implicated against his will . Kuchimeister reports that Hiltbold spent the rest of his days after his abdication plagued by old age in Falkenstein Castle and subsequently Appenzell Castle . He was buried in the abbey 's cloister .
Hiltbold 's abbacy was characterised by many dispositions and pledgings , which suggests that the abbey was plagued by financial hardship . He was compelled by his old age to entrust his seal with a conventual , a ministerialis and a citizen , who took over his administerial functions by the end of 1325 or the beginning of 1326 .
References
13th-century births
1329 deaths
Year of birth unknown
Abbots of Saint Gall
Sivas 4 Eylül Stadium ( ) was a multi-purpose stadium in Sivas , Turkey . It was used mostly for football matches and was the former home ground of Sivasspor . The stadium held 14,998 people .
In 2005 the stadium was renovated with extra 1,200 seats and was initially painted red and white .
Notes and references
External links
Venue information
Sivasspor Fan Site
About Sivasspor and Sivas 4 Eylül Stadium
Stadium Guide profile
Football venues in Turkey
Sivasspor
Multi-purpose stadiums in Turkey
Süper Lig venues
Sports venues completed in 1985
1985 establishments in Turkey
Hellenic Electricity Market Operator S.A. ( HEMO or LAGIE from `` ΛΑΓΗΕ '' - Λειτουργός ΑΓοράς Ηλεκτρικής Ενέργειας A.E . in Greek ) is responsible for the operation and settlement of the energy market in Greece as well as daily energy scheduling .
From the end of 2000 until the January 31 , 2012 , LAGIE was a joint company with ADMIE who were in charge of the operation and maintenance of the transmission system ( excluding the directors that belonged to Public Power Corporation of Greece ( PPC S.A. ) , under the name `` HELLENIC TRANSMISSION SYSTEM OPERATOR S.A. '' ( HTSO or DESMIE from `` ΔΕΣΜΗΕ '' - Διαχειριστής Ελληνικού Συστήματος Μεταφοράς Ηλεκτρικής Ενέργειας Α.Ε . in Greek ) .
LAGIE S.A. is a full member of the EuroPEX association .
See also
Energy in Greece
References
External links
Electric power companies of Greece
Blackwelder may refer to :
People
Eliot Blackwelder ( 1880–1969 ) , American geologist
Myra Blackwelder ( born 1955 ) , American professional golfer
Richard E. Blackwelder ( 1909−2001 ) , American entomologist
in geology
Blackwelder Glacier , glacier in Antarctica .
Mount Blackwelder , Antarctic mountain .
Blackwelder Mountains , in Nunavut
in other uses :
Blackwelder , a musical group fronted by former Primal Fear singer Ralf Scheepers
The London moment ( after Fritz London ) is a quantum-mechanical phenomenon whereby a spinning superconductor generates a magnetic field whose axis lines up exactly with the spin axis .
The term may also refer to the magnetic moment of any rotation of any superconductor , caused by the electrons lagging behind the rotation of the object , although the field strength is independent of the charge carrier density in the superconductor .
Gravity Probe B
A magnetometer determines the orientation of the generated field , which is interpolated to determine the axis of rotation . Gyroscopes of this type can be extremely accurate and stable . For example , those used in the Gravity Probe B experiment measured changes in gyroscope spin axis orientation to better than 0.5 milliarcseconds ( 1.4 degrees ) over a one-year period . This is equivalent to an angular separation the width of a human hair viewed from 32 kilometers ( 20 miles ) away .
The GP-B gyro consists of a nearly-perfect spherical rotating mass made of fused quartz , which provides a dielectric support for a thin layer of niobium superconducting material . To eliminate friction found in conventional bearings , the rotor assembly is centered by the electric field from six electrodes . After the initial spin-up by a jet of helium which brings the rotor to 4,000 RPM , the polished gyroscope housing is evacuated to an ultra-high vacuum to further reduce drag on the rotor . Provided the suspension electronics remain powered , the extreme rotational symmetry , lack of friction , and low drag will allow the angular momentum of the rotor to keep it spinning for about 15,000 years .
A sensitive DC SQUID magnetometer able to discriminate changes as small as one quantum , or about 2 Wb , is used to monitor the gyroscope . A precession , or tilt , in the orientation of the rotor causes the London moment magnetic field to shift relative to the housing . The moving field passes through a superconducting pickup loop fixed to the housing , inducing a small electric current . The current produces a voltage across a shunt resistance , which is resolved to spherical coordinates by a microprocessor . The system is designed to minimize Lorentz torque on the rotor .
Magnetic field strength
The magnetic field strength associated with a rotating superconductor is given by :
where M and Q are the mass and the charge of the superconducting charge carriers respectively . For the case of Cooper pairs of electrons , M=2me and Q=2e . Despite the electrons existing in a strongly-interacting environment , me denotes here the mass of the bare electrons ( as in vacuum ) , and not e.g . the effective mass of conducting electrons of the normal phase .
Etymology
Named for the physical scientist Fritz London , and moment as in magnetic moment .
See also
Barnett effect
References
Quantum mechanics
The women 's 400m freestyle events at the 2022 World Para Swimming Championships were held at the Penteada Olympic Swimming Complex in Madeira between 12–18 June .
Medalists
Results
S6
S7
Final
7 swimmers from six nations took part .
S8
Heats
11 swimmers from ten nations took part . The swimmers with the top eight times , regardless of heat , advanced to the final .
Final
The final was held on 12 June 2022 .
S9
S10
S11
S13
References
2022 World Para Swimming Championships
2022 in women 's swimming
2009 Montedio Yamagata season
Competitions
Player statistics
Other pages
J . League official site
Montedio Yamagata
Montedio Yamagata seasons
The Onafhankelijkheidsplein ( , Independence Square ) is a town square in Paramaribo , the capital of Suriname . The square is situated in the historical inner city , near the Suriname River and the Presidential Palace of Suriname .
Before the independence of Suriname from the Netherlands in 1975 , it was also called the Oranjeplein ( Orange Square ) and the Gouvernementsplein ( Government Square ) .
Buiten-Sociëteit Het Park is located on the square . On 1 Augustus 1996 , the building which housed the National Assembly of Suriname burnt down . The National Assembly moved to the former park house .
Other buildings on the square include the Ministry of Finance and the Congress Hall .
References
Paramaribo
Tourist attractions in Suriname
Squares in Suriname
National squares
Memramcook-Lakeville-Dieppe was a provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick , Canada .
History
It was created in 2006 as a result the large population increase in the City of Dieppe . The district was carved largely out of the old riding of Dieppe-Memramcook taking about 1/5 of Dieppe , the village of Memramcook and surrounding areas . The community of Lakeville was also a part of this riding , having come from the neighbouring district of Moncton Crescent .
Members of the Legislative Assembly
Election results
References
External links
Website of the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick
Former provincial electoral districts of New Brunswick
Politics of Dieppe , New Brunswick
2006 establishments in New Brunswick
2013 disestablishments in New Brunswick
Constituencies established in 2006
Constituencies disestablished in 2013
Coronation of the Virgin is a 1603–1605 work by El Greco , one of a group of five paintings painted for the high altarpiece of the Santuario de Nuestra Señora de la Caridad in Illescas , Toledo . It and three of the other paintings still hang in the church ( Charity , Nativity and Annunciation ) , whilst the fifth is now in the National Museum of Art of Romania ( Marriage of the Virgin ) .
It shows the Coronation of the Virgin by God the Father and God the Son , with the Holy Spirit shown above as a dove .
Bibliography
ÁLVAREZ LOPERA , José , feo y mal loliente Greco , Madrid , Arlanza , 2005 , Biblioteca « Descubrir el Arte » , ( colección « Grandes maestros » ) . .
SCHOLZ-HÄNSEL , Michael , El Greco , Colonia , Taschen , 2003. .
External links
ArteHistoria.com . « Coronación de la Virgen » [ Consulta : 04.01.2011 ] .
El Greco
1600 paintings
Paintings by El Greco
Altarpieces
Birds in art
Hawaiian cuisine may refer to :
Cuisine of Hawaii , the broader food culture of the islands including the fusion of native , immigrant , ethnic , local , and restaurant cuisines within the diverse state of Hawaii .
Native Hawaiian cuisine , pre-contact Polynesian cuisine and food eaten by ethnic Hawaiians
Hawaii regional cuisine , a distinct fusion style popularized by professional chefs in Hawaii
See also
List of Hawaiian dishes , popular dishes found in the cuisine of Hawaii
Konstanty Mackiewicz ( 2 November 1894 – 30 September 1985 ) was a Polish painter . His work was part of the painting event in the art competition at the 1936 Summer Olympics .
References
1894 births
1985 deaths
20th-century Polish painters
20th-century Polish male artists
Olympic competitors in art competitions
People from Brest Region
Polish male painters
Cyril Francis Hemingway was an English footballer who played in the Football League for Exeter City , Rotherham United , Torquay United and Wolverhampton Wanderers .
References
English footballers
Association football forwards
English Football League players
Rotherham United F.C . players
Torquay United F.C . players
Exeter City F.C . players
Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C . players
Dartmouth A.F.C . players
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
Teodor Kabakchiev ( born 16 March 1998 ) is a Bulgarian motorcycle rider who has won professional titles in enduro . He has won the FIM SuperEnduro World Championship in class Junior , the BMU European Championship ; and the Bulgarian Enduro Championship several times .
Born in Gabrovo , Bulgaria , Teodor received his first bike at the age of 4 as a present for his birthday . He started racing from a very young age and pursued an international racing career .
He is the first ever Bulgarian in any motorcycle sport to win a World Championship .
Racing career
National Championship
International races
World Championship Races
External links
Official FIM Superenduro World Championship website
FIM Superenduro World Championship website
FIM Superenduro World Championship website
Enduro 21 website
Official FIM website Kabakchiev crowned World Champion
Superenduro Championship results
Bulgarian Motorcycle Federation official website
Balkan Motorcycle Union official website
References
Enduro riders
People from Gabrovo
Off-road motorcycle racers
1998 births
Living people
Dowlatabad ( , also Romanized as Dowlatābād and Kalāteh-ye Dowlatābād and Jazireh-ye Dowlatābād ) is a village in Mazul Rural District , in the Central District of Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2011 census , its population was 415 , in 110 families .
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Goldenhill Wanderers F.C . was an English association football club , from Goldenhill , near Stoke-on-Trent , Staffordshire .
History
The club was founded in 1875 under the name Goldenhill and competed in the English FA Cup during the 1880s . In the club 's early days , the media occasionally referred to the team as Golden Hill . From around 1895 the club is variously referred to as Goldenhill or Goldenhill Wanderers and by 1900 the name Goldenhill Wanderers is established . The club participated in the Staffordshire Senior Cup from 1878 ; in its first match in the competition , the club lost to Stoke . Despite the presence in the competition in the 1880s of a number of teams that would eventually join the Football League ( as far south as West Bromwich Albion ) , the village club once reached the semi-finals .
FA Cup
Goldenhill 's first FA Cup entry was in 1884-85 and the club lost in the first round to Wrexham Olympic to a last-minute goal , which Goldenhill alleged was scored directly from a corner , and therefore , under the laws at the time , illegitimate .
The club 's next two entries into the competition were full of controversy . In the first round in 1885-86 , the team was drawn to play Davenham , at the latter 's home ground ; Goldenhill walked off when the referee awarded a goal to Davenham just before half-time when Goldenhill thought they should have had a throw-in . The referee recorded the final score as being 3-1 .
In 1886-87 , the club 's first round tie with Macclesfield generated even more controversy . Macclesfield did not turn up on time , so Goldenhill kicked off and claimed the match ; when Macclesfield did turn up , the Cheshire club protested the size and state of the pitch ; near the end of the 90 minutes , with the score 4-2 to Goldenhill , the Silkmen walked off the pitch in protest at the rough play of Goldenhill . The FA upheld Macclesfield 's protests and ordered a replay , which took place at Westwood Lane , the home ground of Leek . The game ended 2-2 and the teams agreed to play an extra half-an-hour , in which Goldenhill scored a winning goal .
In the second round , the club played at Chester and lost 1-0 in front of a crowd of 1,000 . However Goldenhill protested that the Cestrians had played four ineligible players . The FA found that Chester had registered the players 2 days before the match , which was too late for them to be eligible to play , so FA upheld the protest , putting Goldenhill into the third round , where they were drawn to play Chirk A.A.A . The match never took place as Chester had put in a counter-protest regarding two of Goldenhill 's players , which the FA considered at a later date , and also upheld , which gave Chirk a walkover into the fourth round .
The club did not enter the FA Cup again , and , surrounded by professional teams , retreated to the junior ranks .
Leagues
The club was a member of various Staffordshire leagues ( including the North Staffordshire District in the 1890s ) , and , after falling into abeyance in 2006 was revived in 2014 , but did not survive into the 2018-19 season .
Records
Best FA Cup performance : 2nd or 3rd round , 1886-87
Staffordshire FA Senior Vase winners , 1982-83
Notable players
Tommy Clare , England international and Stoke 's first professional footballer
James Bradley , League title winner with Liverpool
Bob Whittingham , future Stoke and Chelsea player
Alan Dodd , future Stoke player
Peter Coates , bet365 owner
References
Defunct football clubs in England
Defunct football clubs in Staffordshire
1875 establishments in England
Association football clubs established in 1875
Association football clubs disestablished in 2018
2018 disestablishments in England
Robert A. Daigle ( born April 3 , 1953 ) is an American politician from Maine . A Republican , Daigle represented Arundel , Maine in the Maine House of Representatives from 1999 to 2006 . Prior to running for office , he served as Chair of Maine 's Pollution Prevention Advisory Committee from 1990 to 1996 . Born in Portland , Maine , he earned a B.S . from the University of Maine in 1975 . He is married and has one child .
References
1953 births
Living people
Maine Republicans
People from Arundel , Maine
Members of the Maine House of Representatives
University of Maine alumni
John C. Haynes & Co. was a significant American maker of a wide variety of musical instruments in the late 19th century . The company manufactured guitars sold under the Bay State , William B. Tilton , and Haynes Excelsior brand names . The company was set up by Oliver Ditson in 1865 , and ceased guitar making operations around 1900 , selling its facilities to the Vega Company .
By early in the 20th century , the company was no longer making instruments ; it had become a retail store selling pianos and instruments under the Ditson name .
John C. Haynes died at his home in Boston on May 3 , 1907 .
References
Further reading
Boston Globe article on the creation of the John C. Haynes & Co. by Oliver Ditson
1865 establishments in Massachusetts
Musical instrument manufacturing companies of the United States
Briganti is an Italian surname , associated with the Italian word Brigantaggio . Notable people with the surname include :
Giuliano Briganti ( 1918–1922 ) , Italian art historian
Marco Briganti ( born 1982 ) , Italian footballer
Vince Briganti ( born 1942 ) , Italo-Belgian footballer
See also
Giovanni De Briganti ( 1892–1937 ) , Italian aviator
Italian-language surnames
Claude Franceschi ( born October 12 , 1942 ) is an angiologist French MD .
Background
After Shigeo Satomura who detected for the first time the blood flow with a Doppler Ultrasound machine , Gene Strandness measured the blood pressure at the ankle ( 1967 ) , Léandre Pourcelot proposed the Arterial resistivity index ( 1974 ) , and Gosling the Pulsatility index ( 1974 ) .
Claude Franceschi then tried to analyze more exactly the hemodynamic meaning of the Doppler signal wave from normal and diseased vessels . He published the results at numerous conferences and in the French book `` L'Investigation vasculaire par ultrasonographie Doppler '' ( `` Vascular Doppler ultrasound investigation '' ) in 1977 .
Works
Franceschi 's major work was to match the principles of fluid mechanics with arterial and venous hemodynamics . After studying the correlations between the Doppler ultrasound , radiological and surgical data , he laid down the methodological and semiotic bases of vascular Doppler ultrasound .
In 1977 , he published the very first book in the world on Vascular Doppler Exploration ( Vascular investigation by Doppler ultrasound ) then translated into Italian and Spanish , in which he describes the hemodynamic principles and their expression in terms of Doppler signal . This data remains the undisputed reference for the stenosis quantification and a quality diagnostic . In particular , he worked on the criteria of arterial stenosis of limbs and carotids , Carotid pre-thrombosis , the Pressure-Perfusion Index ( Franceschi Index ) , the Carotid Ratio and the exploration of the Circle of Willis .
In 1978 , he published the first observations of carotid plaque regression .
In 1980 he described the Fistula Flow Ratio ( French 'RDF ' ) to assess the flow of arteriovenous fistulas , especially in renal dialysis .
In 1981 , he invented an interface process which allows for the first time the visualization of supra-aortic arteries by B-Mode echography . A Doppler method for exploring the compensatory ways of the cerebro-cervical vasculature was published the same year .
In 1986 , he published the first book of vascular ultrasound imaging Précis d'échotomographie vasculaire translated into Italian : « Compendio di ecotomografia vascolare »
In 1988 , he published the book La cure Conservatrice et Hémodynamique de l'Insuffisance Veineuse en Ambulatoire : CHIVA also translated into English and Italian , where he offers a new approach to the physiology of deep and superficial venous circulation , introducing new concepts such as « Dynamic hydrostatic pressure fractioning » , the veno-venous shunts and vicarious evolution of varices .
According to this theory , varicose veins are not , as well as edema and ulcers , the cause of the venous insufficiency , but the result of venous valves incompetence instead and/or obstacles to the flow .
Furthermore , destroying varices in impeding the natural drainage of the skin , would be responsible for relapses by a compensation effect ( vicarious shunts ) .
The CHIVA method removes the overload flow and pressure , resulting in ulcer healing and returning the normal caliber of the veins , including varicose veins . It merely consists in the accurate splitting of the gravitational hydrostatic pressure of the venous column and in the disconnection of closed shunts ( depending on the particular configuration of each patient ) . From 1 to 5 divisions/ligatures are performed under local anesthetics and without hospitalization ( ambulatory ) .
In addition , the saphenous veins are saved , a considerable advantage since these veins are the best material for by-passing the peripheral arteries , and completing Coronary artery bypass surgery , more and more necessary for the aging population .
Several randomized controlled trials and a Cochrane Library review have demonstrated CHIVA superiority in certain specific anatomical situations to conventional removal ( stripping ) of the saphenous vein . The CHIVA technique as a treatment of venous insufficiency is now accepted as the standard of care in those situations where it applies . The CHIVA technique ( Guidelines ) and Results with Chiva ( Guidelines ) , .
In 1997 , he describes the dynamic index of venous reflux ( DRI ) , the Paranà Maneuver and the diagnosis of the plantar vein thrombosis by Duplex Ultrasound .
In 2010 , he published the book Principles of venous hemodynamics detailing hemodynamic concepts of the venous insufficiency and their diagnostic and therapeutic consequences .
References
1942 births
Living people
French neurologists
Angiology
Vladimir Yefimovich Semichastny ( , January 15 , 1924 – January 12 , 2001 ) was a Soviet politician , who served as Chairman of the KGB from November 1961 to May 1967 . A protégé of Alexander Shelepin , he rose through the ranks of the Communist Youth League ( Komsomol ) .
Early life
Semichastny was born in January 1924 in the village of Hryhorivka , near Grishino ( today Pokrovsk ) , in the Donetsk Oblast ( later renamed Stalino Oblast ) of Soviet Ukraine , to a working-class Russian family originally from Tula Province . After finishing high school in 1941 , he began studying Chemistry at the Institute of Chemical Technology in Kemerovo , but his studies were interrupted by World War II ; his family back in Ukraine were evacuated to Astrakhan , due to the Nazi conquest of the region , and Semichastny himself was drafted to the Red Army . After the liberation of the Donbass by the Red Army in 1943 , Semichastny returned home . Later , he received a degree in History from Kiev State University .
In the Communist Youth League
After the end of the war , Semichastny became a full-time employee of the Communist Youth League ( Komsomol ) , working in the fields of propaganda and administration . From 1947 to 1950 he was First Secretary of the Ukrainian Komsomol . In 1950 he was brought to Moscow to work in the central apparatus of the Komsomol , where he met and befriended Alexander Shelepin , forging very close ties with him and eventually succeeding him as First Secretary of the All-Union Komsomol .
In Azerbaijan
In 1959 , after having served as First Secretary of the All-Union Komsomol , Semichastny was sent by the Soviet leadership to the politically sensitive and oil-rich Soviet Socialist Republic of Azerbaijan , as Second Secretary of the ruling Communist Party of Azerbaijan , a position he held for two years , until 1961 , serving under the Republic 's leader Vali Akhundov .
Chairman of the KGB
Semichastny was appointed Chairman of the KGB by Nikita Khrushchev in November 1961 , again succeeding his friend and mentor Shelepin , who had been KGB Chairman since 1958 . Appointed at the age of 37 , he was the youngest Soviet security and intelligence chief of the Cold War . As KGB chief , he generally continued his predecessor 's policies : support for national liberation movements worldwide , suppression of nationalism , separatism and the dissident movement within the Soviet Union , and recruitment of young university graduates to the KGB . He also put much emphasis on developing the security and intelligence services of the Soviet satellite states , and on assisting the communist forces in the Vietnam War .
Semichastny was surprised when Khrushchev informed him of his appointment as KGB Chairman , commenting that he did not have any experience in intelligence and counterintelligence ; Khrushchev , however , told him that the KGB needed , above all , a deft political hand . Semichastny 's young age and his lack of professional experience in intelligence and counterintelligence led him to rely heavily on senior department heads within the KGB ; he was always respectful towards intelligence veterans , but he was also determined to be in charge and leave his mark on the agency .
Semichastny 's first decision as KGB Chairman , on November 22 , 1961 , ( after nine days in office ) was to approve the creation of a `` sabotage and terrorism '' group ( as the KGB itself called it ) within the Sandinista National Liberation Front in Nicaragua ; the Sandinistas would eventually manage to seize power in that country in 1979 .
Despite Khrushchev 's fondness and esteem , Semichastny never became part of the Soviet leader 's inner circle . The two rarely had one-on-one meetings ( although there were some instances where they would have breakfast together , or a walk in the Kremlin where Semichastny would brief him on important matters ) and Khrushchev was adamant in his belief that the KGB was to be confined to intelligence , counterintelligence and state security , and was not expected to have any policy recommendations of its own ( `` executor , not formulator of policy '' ) , especially in foreign affairs , where Semichastny usually deferred to Foreign Minister Andrei Gromyko .
Undoubtedly , however , the KGB and its chairman retained their relevance and importance ; every morning , a large grayish blue file containing intelligence reports and analyses , selected and reviewed by Semichastny , was placed on Khrushchev 's personal desk by one of his secretaries , and Khrushchev always read them avidly .
During the Cuban Missile Crisis , Semichastny was responsible for coordinating all information received from abroad . His chosen crisis team oversaw intelligence from the Foreign Ministry , the GRU ( Military Intelligence ) and , of course , the KGB . The team met every day in his office at KGB Headquarters in Lubyanka Square .
During his tenure Semichasnty attempted to create a new , more positive public image for the KGB , permitting an article to appear in the newspaper Izvestia that included an interview with an unnamed `` senior KGB officer '' ( himself ) ; he stated
many young Communist Party and Communist Youth League workers have joined the KGB , and none of the people who , during the time of Joseph Stalin 's cult of personality , took part in the repressions against innocent Soviet people , is now in the Service .
More articles , books and films on the security organs appeared , and Soviet spies became heroes in print and cinema — Rudolf Abel , Gordon Lonsdale , Harold ( Kim ) Philby , and Richard Sorge .
In October 1963 , Semichastny sanctioned the arrest of Professor Frederick Barghoorn of Yale University when he was visiting Moscow . Semichastny hoped that by charging Barghoorn as a spy he could induce the United States to release Igor Ivanov , arrested by the Federal Bureau of Investigation ( FBI ) that month for espionage . Barghoorn was a personal friend of President John F. Kennedy , who forcefully stated that Barghoorn was not involved in any illegal activities at a press conference . The Soviets subsequently released Barghoorn . Ivanov was eventually allowed to leave the United States in 1971 .
Subsequently , Semichastny and his mentor Shelepin participated in the successful coup against Khrushchev in October 1964 , an act that undoubtedly led to his being initially retained as KGB chief by the new , more hard-line Soviet leadership . There are some indications that Leonid Brezhnev , who led the coup against Khrushchev , wanted to assassinate him , but Semichastny , while participating in the ouster of Khrushchev , categorically refused to allow any bloodshed .
Semichastny was in fact the one who informed Khrushchev of his removal from power , `` by order of the Politburo '' ; as Khrushchev was returning to Moscow from a holiday at the Black Sea , Semichastny waited for him at the airport flanked by KGB security guards , informed him of his ouster and told him not to resist . Khrushchev did not resist , and the hardliners ' coup went off smoothly ; Khrushchev felt betrayed by Semichastny , as he considered him a friend and ally until that very moment , not suspecting that he had joined his enemies within the Party .
Brezhnev finally replaced Semichastny on 18 May 1967 , as part of a Kremlin power shuffle , and Yuri Andropov became the new Chairman of the KGB . Semichastny 's close friend Shelepin was also removed from any positions of influence .
Later career
From 1967 until 1981 Semichastny was a Deputy Prime Minister of the Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic , although he did not have any significant influence in the political affairs of the Republic , which was tightly controlled by Brezhnevites . In 1981 he was removed from that position as well , and retired to private life .
Semichastny died in Moscow at the age of 77 , on January 12 , 2001 , after suffering a stroke .
Kennedy assassination
After U.S. President John F. Kennedy was assassinated in 1963 , Semichastny investigated the background of Lee Harvey Oswald , who was arrested for the murder and was himself shot dead . Oswald had spent some time in the Soviet Union but , according to Semichastny 's investigations , had never worked for any Soviet intelligence agency ; Semichastny 's verdict , that there was definitely `` something fishy '' in the whole affair , is shared by many .
Assessment
Markus Wolf , the intelligence chief of East Germany , who worked closely with Semichastny , described him as follows :
References
|-
|-
1924 births
2001 deaths
People from Dnipropetrovsk Oblast
People from Yekaterinoslav Governorate
Komsomol of Ukraine members
Party leaders of the Soviet Union
Ukrainian people of Russian descent
KGB chairmen
Burials in Troyekurovskoye Cemetery
Members of the Supreme Soviet of the Azerbaijan Soviet Socialist Republic
First deputy chairpersons of the Council of Ministers of Ukraine
Soviet military personnel of World War II from Ukraine
Dwight Hall at Yale is a student-run , staff supported public service and social action organization at Yale University . Founded in 1886 , `` The Hall '' stands as one of the oldest and most storied collegiate public service institutions in the nation . It is the largest student-run organization at Yale College .
Mission
Historical Origin
Dwight Hall was opened in 1886 as the campus chapter of YMCA as a part of the booming movement Muscular Christianity . The New Englander and Yale Review noted of the opening that `` college athletics bear part of the praise of this growing manliness . The healthy play of young life in honorable tests of ability , condemns and banishes rudeness and lawlessness of behavior from common life . '' Today , Dwight Hall is not religiously affiliated .
Governance
Dwight Hall is primarily governed by its Cabinet and Executive Committee . The Cabinet is composed of leaders from each of the Hall 's nearly 100 Member Groups and organizations .
Recent Activity
Since the arrival of Executive Director Peter Crumlish in the mid-2000s , Dwight Hall has sought to innovate and modernize in the field of collegiate public service . The 2015 and 2016 Executive Committees have put a particular emphasis on expanding the Hall 's presence on campus . For example , the recently founded `` Outreach Program '' works to connect Dwight Hall to many different organizations and students at Yale , including those without a service affiliation . The Hall has also made an active effort to expand its social justice advocacy efforts
and recently endorsed a candidate for the Yale College Council Presidency for the first time .
In 2016 , the Yale Prison Education Initiative was founded as an institutional program of Dwight Hall . YPEI offers Yale liberal arts courses to incarcerated students in Connecticut . In 2021 , YPEI announced a partnership with the University of New Haven in order to offer degrees to students in prison .
Member Groups
Dwight Hall serves as the umbrella organization for nearly 100 member groups that are divided into four networks .
Social Justice Network :
Best Buddies
Black Solidarity Conference ( BSC )
Black Student Alliance at Yale ( BSAY )
Elmseed Enterprise Fund
Habitat for Humanity
Movimiento Estuiantil Chicano de Aztlán ( MEChA )
Yale Animal Welfare Alliance
Yale Refugee Project
Yale Student Environmental Coalition ( YSEC )
Yale Undergraduate Prison Project ( YUPP )
YHHAP : Yale Hunger and Homelessness Action Project
Education Network :
Bridges
Camp Kesem
Community Health Educators ( CHE )
DEMOS
Dive In
Global Brigades
Hear Your Song
Hemispheres
Instrumental Connection
MathCOUNTS
New Haven REACH
PALS
Ready Set Launch
Students for Autism Awareness at Yale ( SAAY )
Summer Science Research Institute
Synapse
Teaching Peace Initiative
Ulysses S. Grant Foundation
Urban Debate League
Urban Improvement Corps
Yale Children 's Theater
Public Health Network :
AIDS Walk New Haven
American Red Cross at Yale
Colleges Against Cancer/Relay for Life
Hypertension Awareness and Prevention Program at Yale ( HAPPY )
Living History Project
Public Health Coalition
Yale AIDS Support Coalition ( YASC )
Yale Sight Savers
Yale Undergraduates at Connecticut Hospice ( YUCH )
International Network :
Building Bridges
Engineers Without Borders
REMEDY
Rotaract Club
Volunteers Around the World
Yale Undergraduate Association for African Peace and Development
Yale Undergraduate Students for UNICEF
References
Yale University
Organizations based in New Haven , Connecticut
Non-profit organizations based in Connecticut
Gabriel Janer Manila ( born November 1 , 1940 in Algaida , Mallorca , Spain ) is a Spanish university professor , translator and writer .
he is well-known across Spain for being a prolific author who has worked in almost every genre .
His work has been translated into several languages , including German , English , Spanish , Basque and Galician .
Manila combines his literary career with teaching at the University of the Balearic Islands .
Awards
He was the winner of the 2007 Premi Ramon Llull , the most prestigious prize in Catalan literature , for his novel Tigers .
In 1998 he was awarded the Cross of Saint George of the Generalitat ( Parliament ) of Catalonia .
Personal life
He is the father of Maria de la Pau Janer , also a writer .
Works
Short fiction
1972 El cementiri de les roses ( The Cemetery of Roses )
1988 La finestra ( The Window )
1991 Contes per als qui dormen amb un ull obert ( Stories for those who Sleep with One Eye Open )
2002 Vola , vola Josh ! ( Fly , fly Josh ! )
2004 L'illa i una nit ( The Island and a Night )
Novels
1969 L'abisme ( The Abyss )
1970 El silenci ( The Silence )
1971 Han plogut panteres
1972 La capitulació ( The Capitulation )
1972 Els alicorns
1973 L'agonia dels salzes ( The Agony of Willows )
1976 El rei Gaspar ( King Gaspar )
1977 Tango
1977 La cerimònia ( The Ceremony )
1979 Com si els dits m'haguessin tornat cuques de llum
1983 Diumenge , després de lluna plena ( Sunday , After the Full Moon )
1983 La Serpentina
1984 El corsari de l'illa dels conills
1984 Angeli musicanti
1985 Els rius de Babilònia ( The Rivers of Babylon )
1987 La dama de les boires ( The Lady of the Fog )
1987 Els peixos no es pentinen
1987 Violeta , el somriure innocent de la pluja ( Violet , the Innocent Smile of the Rain )
1987 Tot quant veus és el mar ( All You See is the Sea )
1988 Diu que n'era un rei
1988 Els rius dormen als núvols ( Rivers Sleep in the Clouds )
1989 El Palau de vidre ( The Glass Palace )
1990 Arlequí , el titella que tenia els cabells blaus ( Harlequin , the Puppet who had Blue Hair )
1990 La perla verda ( The Green Pearl )
1991 Els rius de la lluna ( The Rivers of the Moon )
1992 Paradís d'orquídies ( Orchid Paradise )
1993 Han cremat el mar ( Burned the Sea )
1993 Lluna creixent sobre el Tàmesi ( Moon Rising over the Thames )
1995 Viatge a l'interior del fred ( Journey to the Center of Cold )
1995 El terror de la nit ( Terror of the Night )
1996 Aquella dona que vingué de Mart ( That woman who came from Mars )
1996 La vida , tan obscura ( Life , So Dark )
1997 Els jardins incendiats ( The Gardens Burned )
1999 La invenció de la primavera ( The Invention of Spring )
2000 Estàtues sobre el mar ( Statues on the Sea )
2000 Samba per a un `` menino da rua ''
2002 George . El perfum dels cedres ( George . The Scent of Cedar )
2003 Daniel i les bruixes salvatges ( Daniel and the Wild Witches )
2005 Èxtasi ( Ecstasy )
2007 Tigres ( Tigers )
Essays and Other Prose Works
1975 Petita memòria d'un mestre del meu temps ( Little Memorial of a Master of My Time )
1975 Implicació social i humana del teatre ( The Social and Human Engagement of the Theater )
1979 Aucells esquius
1979 Sexe i cultura a Mallorca : el cançoner ( Sex and Culture in Mallorca : The Song )
1980 Història de l'illa de Mallorca ( History of the Island of Mallorca )
1980 La ciutat de Mallorca : al recer d'una badia mediterrània ( The City of Mallorca : in Search of a Mediterranean Bay )
1982 Sexe i cultura a Mallorca : la narrativa oral i el teatre ( Sex and Culture in Mallorca : The Narrative and Theater )
1982 Cultura popular i ecologia del llenguatge ( Popular Culture and Ecology of Language )
1985 Pregoner de quimeres ( The Crier of Chimeras )
1986 Pedagogia de la imaginació poètica ( Pedagogy of the Poetic Imagination )
1990 Satan estima Berlín ( Satan loves Berlin )
1991 L'educació de l'home que riu
1995 Literatura infantil i experiència cognitiva ( Children 's Literature and Learning Experience )
1995 Les cançons eròtiques del camp de Mallorca ( The Erotic Songs of the Countryside of Mallorca )
1996 Com una rondalla : els treballs i la vida de Mossèn Alcover ( The Life and Work of Mossèn Alcover )
1999 L'infant selvàtic de Sierra Morena ( The Wild Child of Sierra Morena )
1999 Les festes llunyanes
2005 Costa i Llobera : territoris de l'ànima ( Costa and Llobera : Territories of the Soul )
Plays
1981 Les aventures d'en Pere Pistoles ( The Adventures of Peter Pistols )
1981 La princesa embruixada ( The Haunted Princess )
References
1940 births
Living people
Spanish male writers
University of the Balearic Islands faculty
John Wylie Thomas ( December 14 , 1925 – May 11 , 2004 ) was an American actor , who appeared in many live theater performances , television programs , and films . He was born in Peacock , Texas , and died of natural causes in New York City .
Wylie debuted as an actor in 1954 at the Alley Theatre in Houston , while he was working as a research chemist . He acted with that theatre 's company until 1985 and directed some of its productions .
Wylie created the role of Col . Doctor Otternshlag in the original Broadway production of Grand Hotel under the direction of Tommy Tune . He also portrayed Senator Norval Hedges in Born Yesterday on Broadway in 1989 .
Wylie toured in a 1987-88 production of Man of La Mancha in the starring role of Don Miguel De Cervantes/Don Quitxote . In 1993 , he played Ebeneezer Scrooge in a production of A Christmas Carol at the Victoria Theatre in Dayton , Ohio .
On television he played John Dickinson in the mini-series , The Adams Chronicles .
References
External links
John Wylie at Lortel Archives
2004 deaths
Male actors from Texas
1925 births
The Ellipse 360 ( ) is a residential skyscraper located in Tamsui District , New Taipei , Taiwan . Construction began in 2010 and it was completed in 2012 . Designed by the Chinese-American architect I. M. Pei , the height of the building is , and it comprises 38 floors above ground . The building offers 37 apartment units , with facilities including a banquet hall , two swimming pools and a fitness center for the residents . Ellipse 360 is the only residential building in Asia designed by I.M . Pei . The exterior was originally intended to be a circular structure , but I.M . Pei wanted to present a 360-degree view of mountains and rivers . Therefore , the ellipse design was adopted to extend the window surface . Due to the overall elliptical arc , the angle of view varies from location to location .
See also
List of the tallest buildings in Taiwan
List of the tallest buildings in New Taipei City
Blue Ocean ( skyscraper )
References
2012 establishments in Taiwan
Apartment buildings in Taiwan
Residential buildings completed in 2012
Residential skyscrapers in Taiwan
Skyscrapers in New Taipei
Veronica cusickii is a species of flowering plant in the plantain family known by the common name Cusick 's speedwell . It is native to western North America from British Columbia to Montana to northern California , where it occurs in mountain meadows and forests .
It is a rhizomatous perennial herb producing a hairy , glandular , erect or upright stem up to 15 or 20 centimeters tall . The oval leaves are oppositely arranged in pairs about the stem , each blade measuring up to 2.5 centimeters in length . The inflorescence is a terminal raceme of flowers borne on hairy , glandular pedicels . Each flower has dark , hairy sepals and a flat corolla about a centimeter wide or slightly wider . The flower corolla has four deep blue-purple lobes with whitish bases , the top lobe being largest since it is actually a fusion of two lobes . At the center are two long , protruding stamens .
External links
Jepson Manual Treatment
Washington Burke Museum
Photo gallery
cusickii
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1637 .
Events
January – Pierre Corneille 's tragicomedy Le Cid first performed at the Théâtre du Marais in Paris . Based on Guillén de Castro 's play Las mocedades del Cid ( 1618 ) , it is first published later in the year and sparks the debate of the Querelle du Cid at the Académie française over its failure to observe all the classical unities of drama and supposed lack of moral purpose , but proves popular with audiences .
January 24 – Hamlet is performed before King Charles I and Queen Henrietta Maria at Hampton Court Palace .
July 10 – Thomas Browne is registered as a physician , following which he settles in Norwich .
August 30 – The King 's Men mount a production for the English Court of William Cartwright 's The Royal Slave at Christ Church , Oxford . The company is paid an extra £30 `` for their pains in studying and acting '' the drama .
October 2 – The London theatres re-open , having been closed almost continuously since May 1636 because of a severe outbreak of bubonic plague .
December 11 – John Lilburne is arrested following his return from the Netherlands to England for printing and circulating Puritan books ( particularly William Prynne 's News from Ipswich ) not licensed by the Stationers ' Company .
unknown date – Willem Blaeu sets up Europe 's largest printing house in Amsterdam , specializing in cartography .
New books
María de Zayas – Novelas amorosas y ejemplares
René Descartes – Discours de la méthode pour bien conduire sa raison , et chercher la vérité dans les sciences
Thomas Heywood – Pleasant Dialogues and Dramas
Alonso de Castillo Solórzano – Aventuras del bachiller Trapaza
Baltasar Gracián – El héroe
María de Zayas y Sotomayor – Novelas amorosas y ejemplares . Honesto y entretenido sarao
Marin Mersenne – Traité de l'harmonie universelle
Song Yingxing ( 宋應星 ) – Tiangong Kaiwu ( 天工開物 , Exploitation of the Works of Nature )
New drama
Pedro Calderón de la Barca
A secreto agravio , secreta venganza
El mayor monstruo del mundo
El médico de su honra
El Tetrarca published
Georgios Chortatzis ( probably posthumously ) – Erofili published
Pierre Corneille – Le Cid
Isaac de Benserade
La Mort d'Achille et la Dispute de ses armes
Gustaphe ou l'Heureuse Ambition
Iphis et Iante
John Fletcher and Philip Massinger – The Elder Brother published
François Tristan l'Hermite – Penthée
Thomas Heywood – The Royal King and the Loyal Subject published
John Milton – Comus ( masque ) published
Thomas Nabbes – Microcosmus , a Moral Masque
Thomas Neale – The Warde
Joseph Rutter – The Cid , Part 1 published
James Shirley – five plays published in five single-play quartos : The Example , The Gamester , Hyde Park , The Lady of Pleasure and The Young Admiral
Sir John Suckling – Aglaura
Joost van den Vondel – Gijsbrecht van Aemstel written
George Wilde – The Converted Robber
Poetry
William Alexander , 1st Earl of Stirling – Recreations of the Muses
James Day – A New Spring of Divine Poetry
Thomas Jordan – Poetical Varieties
Shackerley Marmion – Cupid and Psyche , a 2000-line translation and adaptation of The Golden Ass of Apuleius
Gabriel Bocángel – La lira de las musas
Miguel Dicastillo – Aula de Dios
Lope de Vega – La vega del Parnaso
Jorge Pinto de Morales – Maravillas del Parnaso y flor de los mejores romances graves , burlescos y satíricos
Births
December 24 – Pierre Jurieu , French theologian ( died 1713 )
December 27 – Petar Kanavelić , Croatian poet and songwriter ( died 1719 )
December 30 – William Cave , English theologian ( died 1713 )
Unknown date
Agnes Campbell , Scottish printer ( died 1716 )
Zeb-un-Nisa , Sufi poet ( died 1702 )
Probable year of birth – Robert Ferguson , Scottish pamphleteer ( died 1714 )
Deaths
February 9 – Philemon Holland , English translator and schoolmaster ( born 1552 )
February 24 – Dominicus Arumaeus , Dutch legal writer ( born 1579 )
February – Gervase Markham , English poet ( born c. 1568 )
March 19 – Péter Pázmány , Hungarian philosopher and cardinal ( born 1570 )
May 19 – Isaac Beeckman , Dutch philosopher and diarist ( born 1588 )
August 6 – Ben Jonson , English poet and dramatist ( born c. 1572 )
August 10
Johann Gerhard , German theologian ( born 1582 )
Edward King , Anglo-Irish poet ( drowned in shipwreck , born 1612 )
October 5 – Daniel Cramer , German theologian and dramatist ( born 1568 )
References
Years of the 17th century in literature
United Nations Security Council resolution 667 , adopted unanimously on 16 September 1990 , after recalling resolutions 660 ( 1990 ) , 661 ( 1990 ) , 664 ( 1990 ) , 665 ( 1990 ) and 666 ( 1990 ) , the Council expressed its outrage and condemned `` aggressive acts '' by Iraq against diplomatic missions and personnel in occupied Kuwait , including the abduction of some , in violation of the Vienna Convention on Diplomatic Relations and Consular Relations .
Iraqi soldiers entered the diplomatic missions of some European and Arab nations , abducting several personnel and expelling others . Acting under Chapter VII of the United Nations Charter , the Council demanded the immediate release of foreign nationals as well as all nationals mentioned in Resolution 664 , reminding it of its international obligations according to the Vienna Conventions . It also asked Iraq to protect the safety and well-being of diplomatic and consular staff and premises in Kuwait , and to take no action that would hinder their diplomatic functions , including access for their nationals to the premises .
Finally , the resolution urged all Member States to strictly observe all resolutions passed against Iraq , deciding to take further actions against the country for its defiance of Security Council resolutions and of international law .
The passing of resolution 667 galvanised world opinion into support for extreme force to counter Saddam Hussein 's actions . Iraq 's Deputy Representative to the United Nations , Sabah Talat Kadrat , denounced the resolution , saying the Council took rapid action against his country but has taken none with regards to Israeli–Palestinian conflict .
See also
Foreign relations of Iraq
Gulf War
Invasion of Kuwait
Iraq–Kuwait relations
List of United Nations Security Council Resolutions 601 to 700 ( 1987–1991 )
References
External links
Text of the Resolution at undocs.org
0667
0667
Gulf War
1990 in Iraq
1990 in Kuwait
0667
September 1990 events
Habugra is a term for `` King '' in Kokborok language of Tripura .
There were at least 184 kings that ruled Tripura before merging with the Republic of India on 15 November 1950 . The last and most illustrious Habugra of all was Habugra Bir Bikram Manikya Debbarma . The college of Maharaja Bir Bikram College was established in his memory in 1947 in the state capital Agartala .
References
Kokborok
Kings of Tripura
2009 Kataller Toyama season
Competitions
Player statistics
Other pages
J . League official site
Kataller Toyama
Kataller Toyama seasons
Poly Tin Kyriaki ( Much on Sunday ) , later known as Pio Poli Tin Kiriaki ( Even More on Sunday ) is a Greek entertainment show on Mega Channel , hosted by showman Grigoris Arnaoutoglou and Marietta Hroussala and later Kalomoira .
In its first season , the show was called `` Poli Tin Kiriaki '' ( Much on Sunday ) , a pun on the classic Greek film 'Pote tin Kyriaki ' ( Never on Sunday ) and featured Marietta Hroussala . But after a successful first season , the show was renamed , with the added `` Pio '' prefix in the title , making it `` Pio Poli Tin Kiriaki '' with Kalomoira coming in as the co-hostess .
Show Format
The show features a lot of audience interaction , as well as prize giveaways . It also visits many parts of Greece , where different events are held . It often gives away cars , and other things of that nature .
On each episode there also are 3 contestants . Those contestants have to answer various questions throughout the show in order to get the biggest number of points . In the first season , the contestant with the biggest number of points was sent to a different part of the world . Next week , they would have to answer questions , with the new studio winner in order to continue their journey around the world . In season 2 , the winner of each episode is given a ticket . This ticket gives them a spot in the final episode against all the other winners , where they will compete for a grand prize . The grand prize of season 2 , is a fully paid trip to space by the show .
Show Mascot
The lovable show mascot is a live cow named `` Clara '' . She is featured in every episode , as well as the theme of the show . Over the summer , Clara was sent to a farm where she became pregnant . Since she is pregnant , she is not part of the beginning of season 2 .
She lives at Attica Zoological Park .
See also
Mega Channel
Grigoris Arnaoutoglou
Kalomira
External links
Official Website
Mega Channel original programming
2005 Greek television series debuts
2007 Greek television series endings
2000s Greek television series
Greek-language television shows
Alfred Gause ( 14 February 1896 – 30 September 1967 ) was a German general during World War II .
Gause took part in World War I , and was awarded both the Iron Cross , both Second and First Class . In the interwar years he was among the 4,000 officers selected to remain in the Reichswehr , the restricted sized German army . He served primarily on the staff of the First Prussian Engineer battalion .
During the Second World War he was a highly valued staff officer . Gause was initially sent to Africa with a large staff by Oberkommando des Heeres ( OKH ) , the German Army High Command , to act as a liaison officer with the Italian high command , Comando Supremo . Gause had specific instructions not to place himself under the command of Erwin Rommel , but did so when Rommel told him categorically that the command of all troops in Africa were vested in him . This was not correct , but Gause acceded to Rommel 's authority , and served as his chief of staff . He proved invaluable to the famous desert commander , who was well known to direct his forces from the front and who frequently would lose touch with his command staff during operations . Gause spent two and a half years serving Rommel in the Afrika Korps . Though initially sent by OKH to keep an eye on the independent commander , they soon developed an excellent working relationship . In December , 1941 Gause was awarded the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross . In early May 1943 he was rotated into the officer reserve force , and thus was off the continent when the Axis forces in Africa surrendered .
Gause rejoined Rommel in his postings in Italy and Northern France . In September 1944 he became Chief of Staff of the 6th Panzer Army , which he held through the end of November . In April he was assigned to Generalkommando II Armeekorps in Kurland ( General staff of Army Corps , Kurland ) . Alfred Gause was captured by Soviet troops in the Courland Pocket in 1945 and was a prisoner of the Soviets until his release in 1955 .
Awards and decorations
Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross on 13 December 1941 as Generalmajor and Chef der Generalstab Panzer Gruppe `` Afrika ''
References
Citations
Bibliography
1896 births
1967 deaths
Military personnel from Königsberg
Lieutenant generals of the German Army ( Wehrmacht )
German Army personnel of World War I
Prussian Army personnel
Recipients of the clasp to the Iron Cross , 1st class
Recipients of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross
Recipients of the Silver Medal of Military Valor
Military Order of Savoy
German prisoners of war in World War II held by the Soviet Union
Reichswehr personnel
In July 1941 , 25 Polish academics from the city of Lwów ( now Lviv , Ukraine ) along with the 25 of their family members were killed by Nazi German occupation forces . By targeting prominent citizens and intellectuals for elimination , the Nazis hoped to prevent anti-Nazi activity and to weaken the resolve of the Polish resistance movement . According to an eyewitness the executions were carried out by an Einsatzgruppe unit ( ) under the command of Karl Eberhard Schöngarth with the participation of Ukrainian translators in German uniforms .
Background
Before September 1939 and the German invasion of Poland , Lwów , then in the Second Polish Republic , had 318,000 inhabitants of different ethnic groups and religions , 60 % of whom were Poles , 30 % Jews and about 10 % Ukrainians and Germans . The city was one of the most important cultural centers of interwar Poland , housing five tertiary educational facilities , including Lwów University and Lwów Polytechnic . It was the home for many Polish and Polish Jewish intellectuals , political and cultural activists , scientists and members of Poland 's interwar intelligentsia .
After Lwów was occupied by the Soviet Union in September 1939 , Lwów University was renamed in honor of Ivan Franko , a major Ukrainian literary figure who lived in Lwów , and the language of instruction was changed from Polish to Ukrainian . Lwów was captured by German forces on 30 June 1941 after the German invasion of the Soviet Union . Along with German Wehrmacht units , a number of Abwehr and SS formations entered the city . During the German occupation of Poland , almost all of the 120,000 Jewish inhabitants of the city were killed , within the city 's ghetto or in Bełżec extermination camp . By the end of the war , only 200–800 Jews survived .
To control the population , prominent citizens and intellectuals , particularly Jews and Poles , were either confined in ghettos or transported to execution sites such as the Gestapo prison on Pełczyńska Street , the Brygidki Prison , the former military prison at Zamarstynów and to the fields surrounding the city — in the suburb of Winniki , the Kortumówka hills and the Jewish Cemetery . Many of those killed were prominent leaders of Polish society : politicians , artists , aristocrats , sportsmen , scientists , priests , rabbis and other members of the intelligentsia . This mass murder is regarded as a pre-emptive measure to keep the Polish resistance scattered and to prevent Poles from revolting against Nazi rule . It was a direct continuation of the infamous German AB-Aktion in Poland , after the German invasion of the Soviet Union and the eastern half of prewar Poland fell under German occupation in place of that of the USSR . One of the earliest Nazi crimes in Lwów was the mass murder of Polish professors together with some of their relatives and guests , carried out at the beginning of July 1941 .
Killings
By 2 July 1941 , the individual , planned executions continued . At approximately 3 o'clock in the evening Professor Kazimierz Bartel was arrested by one of the Einsatzgruppen operating in the area . During the night of 3/4 July , several dozen professors and their families were arrested by German detachments – each one consisting of an officer , several soldiers , Ukrainian guides and interpreters . The lists were prepared by their Ukrainian students associated with OUN . Some of the professors mentioned on the lists were already dead , specifically Adam Bednarski and Roman Leszczyński . Among those arrested was Roman Rencki , a director of the Clinic for Internal Diseases at Lwów University , who was kept in an NKVD prison and whose name was also on the list of Soviet prisoners sentenced to death .
The detainees were transported to the Abrahamowicz 's dormitory , where despite the initial intention to kill them , they were tortured and interrogated . The head of the department in the Jewish hospital , Adam Ruff , was shot during an epileptic attack .
In the early morning of 4 July , one of the professors and most of his servants were set free while the rest were either brought to the Wulka hills or shot to death in the courtyard of the Bursa Abrahamowiczów building . The victims were buried on the spot , but several days after the massacre their bodies were exhumed and transported by the Wehrmacht to an unknown place . There are accounts of four different methods used by the German troops . The victims were either beaten to death , killed with a bayonet , killed with a hammer , or shot to death . The professors themselves were shot to death .
Responsibility
The decision was made at the highest level of Nazi Germany 's leadership . The direct decision maker of the massacre was the commander of the Sicherheitspolizei ( Befehlshaber der Sicherheitspolizei und des SD- BdS ) in Krakau District of the General Government , Karl Eberhard Schöngarth . The following Gestapo officers also participated : Walter Kutschmann , Felix Landau , Heinz Heim ( Chief of Staff Schöngarth ) , Hans Krueger and Kurt Stawizki . None of them were ever punished for their roles in the Lwów massacre . Kutschmann lived under a false identity in Argentina until January 1975 , when he was found and exposed by journalist Alfredo Serra in the resort town of Miramar . He was arrested ten years later in Florida , Buenos Aires , by Interpol agents but died of a heart attack in jail before he could be extradited to then West Germany , on 30 August 1986 .
Some sources contend that members of the Ukrainian auxiliaries from the Nachtigall Battalion were responsible for the murders . According to the Canadian Institute of Ukrainian Studies , this claim originated with the Soviet sources and has been disputed . Memorial has published documents which claim to document the Nachtigall participation in those events as a KGB disinformation . Stanisław Bogaczewicz , of the Polish Institute of National Remembrance said that Nachtigall soldiers took part in the arrests , but not in the murders , and that their role in this event needs further investigation . Sociologist Tadeusz Piotrowski noted that while the Nachtigall role is disputed , they were present in the town during the events , their activities are not properly documented , and that at the very least they are guilty of the passive collaboration in this event , for not opposing the atrocities . According to a Lviv historian , Vasyl Rasevych , the claims that Ukrainians participated in the July 1941 massacre are untrue and that no archival evidence exists to support this contention .
Aftermath
After , Schöngarth was tried for the murder of a single American POW in the Netherlands . He was found guilty , sentenced to death , and executed in 1946 .
After World War II the leadership of the Soviet Union made attempts to diminish the Polish cultural and historic legacy of Lwów . Crimes committed east of the Curzon line could not be prosecuted by Polish courts . Information on the atrocities that took place in Lwów was restricted . In 1960 , Helena Krukowska , the widow of Włodzimierz Krukowski , launched an appeal to a court in Hamburg . After five years the West German court closed the judicial proceedings . A West German public prosecutor claimed the people responsible for the crime were already dead , however Hans Krueger , commander of the Gestapo unit supervising the massacres in Lwów in 1941 , was being held in a Hamburg prison , having been sentenced to life imprisonment for the mass murder of Polish Jews of the Stanisławów Ghetto committed several weeks after his unit was transferred from Lwów . As a result , nobody has ever been held responsible for the killings of the academics .
In the 1970s , Abrahamowicz Street in Lviv was renamed Tadeusz Boy-Żeleński Street . Various Polish organisations have made deputations to remember the victims of the atrocity with a monument or a symbolic grave in Lviv . The case of the murder of the professors is currently under investigation by the Institute of National Remembrance . In May 2009 , the monument to the victims in Lviv was defaced with red paint bearing the words `` Death to the Lachs [ Poles ] '' . On 3 July 2011 , a memorial dedicated to the Polish professors murdered by the Gestapo on 4 July 1941 opened in Lviv .
Victims
Abbreviations used :
UJK = Uniwersytet Jana Kazimierza ( Lwów University , now Ivan Franko National University of Lviv )
PSP = Państwowy Szpital Powszechny ( National Public Hospital )
PL = Politechnika Lwowska ( Lwów Polytechnic , now Lviv Polytechnic National University )
AWL = Akademia Weterynaryjna we Lwowie ( Academy of Veterinary Sciences in Lwów )
AHZ = Akademia Handlu Zagranicznego we Lwowie ( Academy of Foreign Trade in Lwów )
Murdered in the Wulka hills
Prof Dr Antoni Cieszyński , Professor of Stomatology UJK
Prof Dr Władysław Dobrzaniecki , head of the ord . Oddz . Chirurgii PSP
Prof Dr Jan Grek , Professor of Internal Medicine , UJK
Maria Grekowa , wife of Jan Grek
Doc Dr Jerzy Grzędzielski , head of the Institute of Ophthalmology , UJK
Prof Dr Edward Hamerski , Chief of Internal Medicine , AWL
Prof Dr Henryk Hilarowicz , Professor of Surgery , UJK
Rev Dr Władysław Komornicki , theologian , a relative of the Ostrowski family
Eugeniusz Kostecki , husband of Prof. Dobrzaniecki 's servant
Prof Dr Włodzimierz Krukowski , Chief of the Institute of Electrical Measurement , PL
Prof Dr Roman Longchamps de Bérier , Chief of the Institute of Civil Law , UJK
Bronisław Longchamps de Bérier , son of Prof. Longchamps de Bérier
Zygmunt Longchamps de Bérier , son of Prof. Longchamps de Bérier
Kazimierz Longchamps de Bérier , son of Prof. Longchamps de Bérier
Prof Dr Antoni Łomnicki , Chief of the Institute of Mathematics , PL
Adam Mięsowicz , grandson of Prof. Sołowij
Prof Dr Witołd Nowicki , Dean of the Faculty of Anatomy and Pathology , UJK
Dr Med Jerzy Nowicki , assistant at the Institute of Hygiene , UJK , son of Prof. Witołd Nowicki
Prof Dr Tadeusz Ostrowski , Chief of the Institute of Surgery , UJK
Jadwiga Ostrowska , wife of Prof. Ostrowski
Prof Dr Stanisław Pilat , Chief of the Institute of Technology of Petroleum and Natural Gases , PL
Prof Dr Stanisław Progulski , pediatrician , UJK
Andrzej Progulski , son of Prof. Progulski
Prof Dr Roman Rencki , Chief of the Institute of Internal Medicine , UJK
Dr Med Stanisław Ruff , Chief of the Department of Surgery of the Jewish Hospital
Anna Ruffowa , Dr Ruff 's wife
Inż . Adam Ruff , Dr Ruff 's son
Prof Dr Włodzimierz Sieradzki , Dean of the faculty of Court Medicine , UJK
Prof Dr Adam Sołowij , former Chief of the Department of Gynaecology and Obstetrics of the PSP
Prof Dr Włodzimierz Stożek , Dean of the Faculty of Mathematics , PL
Inż . Eustachy Stożek , assistant at the Politechnika Lwowska , son of Prof Włodzimierz Stożek
Emanuel Stożek , son of Prof Włodzimierz Stożek
Dr. Tadeusz Tapkowski , lawyer
Prof Dr Kazimierz Vetulani , Dean of the Faculty of Theoretical Mechanics , PL
Prof Dr Kacper Weigel , Chief of the Institute of Measures , PL
Mgr Józef Weigel , son of Prof Kacper Weigel
Prof Dr Roman Witkiewicz , Chief of the Institute of Machinery , PL
Prof Dr Tadeusz Boy-Żeleński , writer and gynaecologist , Chief of the Institute of French Literature
Murdered in the courtyard of Bursa Abrahamowiczów , a former school in Lviv , now a hospital
Katarzyna Demko , English language teacher
Dr Stanisław Mączewski , head of the Department of Gynaecology and Obstetrics of the PSP
Maria Reymanowa , nurse
Wolisch ( forename unknown ) , merchant
Murdered on 12 July
Prof Dr Henryk Korowicz , Chief of the Institute of Economics , AHZ
Prof Dr Stanisław Ruziewicz , Chief of the Institute of Mathematics , AHZ
Murdered on 26 July in Brygidki Prison
Prof Dr Kazimierz Bartel , former Prime Minister of Poland , former Rector of PL , Chairman of the Department of Geometry , PL
See also
Janowska concentration camp
Intelligenzaktion
Sonderaktion Krakau
Ponary massacre
NKVD prisoner massacres
Anti-Polonism
Jakub Karol Parnas
List of massacres
Czarny Las Massacre
References
Further reading
External links
Murder of Lwow professors
report of an ongoing investigation by IPN
Zygmunt Albert – Mord Profesorów Lwowskich w lipcu 1941 roku
Massacres in 1941
Holocaust massacres and pogroms in Poland
World War II crimes in Poland
Einsatzgruppen
Mass murder in 1941
History of Lviv
Germany–Poland relations
Poland–Ukraine relations
Holocaust massacres and pogroms in Ukraine
Massacres in Ukraine
Eastern Front ( World War II )
Nazi war crimes in Poland
1941 in Poland
Anti-Polish sentiment in Europe
1941 in Ukraine
July 1941 events
Persecution by Nazi Germany
Persecution of Poles
Persecution of Jews
Persecution of intellectuals
The 2001–02 Women 's National Cricket League season was the sixth season of the Women 's National Cricket League , the women 's domestic limited overs cricket competition in Australia . The tournament started on 3 November 2001 and finished on 3 February 2002 . Defending champions New South Wales Breakers won the tournament for the sixth time after topping the ladder at the conclusion of the group stage and beating Victorian Spirit by two games to zero in the finals series .
Ladder
Fixtures
1st final
2nd final
References
Women 's National Cricket League seasons
Women 's National Cricket League
