Patty Sahota is a Canadian politician , who represented the electoral district of Burnaby-Edmonds in the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia from 2001 to 2005 . She sat as a member of the BC Liberal Party .
Sahota was defeated in her 2005 bid for re-election by Raj Chouhan of the NDP .
Electoral record
|-
|NDP
|Raj Chouhan
|align= '' right '' |10,337
|align= '' right '' |46.71 %
|align= '' right '' |
|-
|- bgcolor= '' white ''
! align= '' left '' colspan=3|Total
! align= '' right '' |22,128
! align= '' right '' |100.00 %
! align= '' right '' |
External links
Profile at the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia
Collection of pictures and information about Patty Sahota
British Columbia Liberal Party MLAs
Women government ministers of Canada
Members of the Executive Council of British Columbia
Women MLAs in British Columbia
Living people
21st-century Canadian politicians
21st-century Canadian women politicians
Canadian politicians of Indian descent
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Anna Rose Patten ( born 20 April 1999 ) is an English footballer who plays as a defender for Aston Villa in the FA Women 's Super League , on loan from Arsenal . She previously played college soccer for the Florida State Seminoles and the South Carolina Gamecocks in the United States and has represented England at multiple youth levels from under-15 up to under-21 .
Early life
Patten grew up in Harpenden , England , a commuter town outside London .
A childhood Arsenal fan , Patten joined the Arsenal Academy at 12 years of age . With the youth sides she won the FA Youth Cup tie , in 2015 & 2016. she won
After years of development in the academy ranks , Patten made her senior side debut in 2017 aged 18 .
College career
Florida State Seminoles 2017–18
In her freshman year at Florida State , Patten made 18 appearances , including 13 starts . Utilized primarily as a defender and holding midfielder , she tallied two assists during the season .
In her sophomore season she made 12 starts and played in 23 matches . She scored four goals and made two assists . Patten and the Seminoles won the 2019 ACC Women 's Championship & the 2018 NCAA Division I Women 's Soccer Tournament .
South Carolina Gamecocks 2019–20
Patten transferred to the South Carolina Gamecocks as a rising junior . She joined England U21 teammate Grace Fisk at the university who helped with the transfer process . The pair helped the Gamecocks post 15 shutouts in their first 21 matches of the 2019 season . They helped South Carolina to a 2019 SEC-Soccer Championship . Patten was named the All-SEC second team and made the SEC Academic Honour Roll .
The Southeastern Conference was one of the conferences which opted to play their 2020 NCAA women 's soccer tournament in the fall with a reduced 10 game seasons . Patten was named captain of the side for the fall campaign . She played the second most minutes of anyone on the team and was named to the All-SEC First Team .
She graduated with a degree in sociology .
Club career
Arsenal 2017 , 2021–
Patten made her senior side debut in a Champion 's league match against Bayern Munich in February 2017 . She made her league debut in April 2017 , during the FA WSL Spring Series . She went on to play every game of that series . Patten then departed Arsenal to play college soccer in the United States .
On 17 January 2021 Patten made her second Arsenal debut against Reading in the FA WSL in a game which would end 1–1 , in which she played 45 minutes . On 28 February Patten came on for her second game this time against Aston Villa where she played the final ten minutes in a game which would end 4–0 to Arsenal . On 19 March Patten would come on as a substitute again in the league this time against Manchester United for the final four minutes a game in which Arsenal would win 2–0 . Patten 's fourth appearance would also be as a substitute this time against North London rivals Tottenham Hotspur in game which would finish 3–0 to Arsenal .
On 18 April 2021 Patten would score her first goal for Arsenal in a FA Cup match against Gillingham in a game that would finish 10–0 to Arsenal .
Loan to Aston Villa
It was announced on 4 January 2022 that Patten had joined Aston Villa on loan until the end of the 2021/22 season .
International career
Youth career
Patten has been part of several England youth teams . She made her first appearance on the U-15 team in 2014 . Two years later Patten was part of the England 2016 FIFA U-17 Women 's World Cup which reached the quarterfinals .
In 2018 she was part of the England U20 which finished third at the 2018 FIFA U-20 Women 's World Cup in France .
Senior career
Patten has been called in the England senior squad for a number of camps .
References
External links
Profile at the Football Association website
Profile at the Florida State Seminoles website
Profile at the South Carolina Gamecocks website
1999 births
Living people
English women 's footballers
Women 's Super League players
Arsenal W.F.C . players
Aston Villa W.F.C . players
Women 's association football defenders
Florida State Seminoles women 's soccer players
South Carolina Gamecocks women 's soccer players
English expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Expatriate women 's soccer players in the United States
English expatriate footballers
Huey P. Long Field House , on the campus of Louisiana State University in Baton Rouge , Louisiana , was constructed in 1932 . It was named for notable U.S . Senator and state governor Huey Long . The field house is considered the original student union and included a post office , ballroom , gymnasium and also featured the largest swimming pool in the United States at the time .
The field house was home to the LSU Tigers and LSU Lady Tigers swimming and diving teams until the LSU Natatorium was built in 1985 . The former LSU varsity hockey team used the field house as their home venue and the former LSU Tigers boxing team also held matches at the field house in addition to Parker Coliseum .
The building is currently the home of LSU 's Department of Kinesiology and School of Social Work .
In 2013 , plans to renovate the field house were introduced by LSU , State of Louisiana Facility Planning & Control , and Baton Rouge architecture firm Tipton Associates , APAC . In December 2018 , LSU contracted Tipton Associates , in a joint-venture with Remson Haley Herpin Architects , to renovate the field house , and construction began in 2020 .
See also
LSU Tigers and Lady Tigers
LSU Tigers boxing
LSU Tigers swimming and diving
LSU Lady Tigers swimming and diving
References
External links
LSU Alumni Association
SaveHPL.org
Boxing venues in Louisiana
College swimming venues in the United States
Defunct boxing venues in the United States
Defunct college ice hockey venues in the United States
Defunct sports venues in Louisiana
Indoor arenas in Louisiana
Indoor ice hockey venues in Louisiana
LSU Tigers boxing venues
LSU Tigers and Lady Tigers swimming and diving venues
Sports venues in Louisiana
Swimming venues in Louisiana
Louisiana State University buildings and structures
Sports venues completed in 1932
1932 establishments in Louisiana
Huey Long
Ramchandrapur is an administrative block/Tehsil/Taluka of Balrampur district , in the Indian state of Chhattisgarh .
Geography
Ramchandarpur is located 70 km North from District headquarters Balrampur , Chhattisgarh . Ramchandrapur Tehsil Headquarters is the Ramchadrapur town .
Ramchandrapur Tehsil is bounded by China Tehsil towards the East , Ranka Tehsil towards the East , Wadrafnagar Tehsil towards the west , Dandai Tehsil towards the North . Garhwa City , Renukoot City , Daltonganj City , Kota City are nearby cities .
It is 533m elevation ( altitude ) . It sits on the border of the Surguja District and Garhwa District . Garhwa District Chinia is East towards it . Ramchandarpur is near to the Jharkhand State Border .
Amenities
Notable tourist attractions include Surguja , Betla National Park , Palamu , Ambikapur and Rohtasgarh Fort .
See also
Balrampur district , Chhattisgarh
Ramanujganj
Reference
Community development blocks in Balrampur district , Chhattisgarh
Community development blocks in Chhattisgarh
Cities and towns in Balrampur district , Chhattisgarh
St. Stanislaus Kostka Parish is a former parish in Waterbury , Connecticut , United States , originally designated for Polish immigrants .
Founded on January 30 , 1913 . It is one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Archdiocese of Hartford . In 2017 , the parish was merged with Saint Anne Church in the south end to form All Saints Parish . The building was closed for regularly scheduled worship , and subsequently sold to a Pentecostal church .
History
On July 7 , 1912 , Bishop John Joseph Nilan appointed Fr . Ignatius Maciejewski as administrator of a Polish parish in Waterbury . The priest soon celebrated the first parish Mass in the chapel of Our Lady of Lourdes Church , which the Polish immigrants had rented .
St. Stanislaus Kostka Parish became legally founded on January 30 , 1913 . Land on East Farm Street was purchased from the Immaculate Conception parish for a church . On August 13 , 1914 , Bishop John Joseph Nilan named Fr . Theodore Zimmerman first resident pastor .
The gray granite foundation having been laid , the church cornerstone was blessed on September 14 , 1914 . The first Mass was celebrated in the completed edifice on October 24 , 1915 . The completed church superstructure was dedicated on September 26 , 1926 .
Bibliography
The Official Catholic Directory in USA
External links
St. Stanislaus Kostka - ParishesOnline.com
Archdiocese of Hartford
Roman Catholic parishes of Archdiocese of Hartford
Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in Connecticut
Buildings and structures in Waterbury , Connecticut
Churches in New Haven County , Connecticut
1913 establishments in Connecticut
Roman Catholic churches completed in 1926
20th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in the United States
Woody Gap is a mountain ridge gap in northern Georgia where the Appalachian Trail crosses State Highway 60 . Perched at 3,160 ft altitude , the gap affords scenic vistas of Yahoola Valley below . The trailhead is open to the public year-round .
The mountain pass is named in honor of Arthur Woody , an early conservationist .
References
External links
Sherpa 's Guide - Woody Gap
Georgia Trails - Woody Gap to Neal 's Gap
About North Georgia - Arthur Woody
Mountains on the Appalachian Trail
Geography of Union County , Georgia
Geography of Lumpkin County , Georgia
Gotham House is a Grade II * listed early 18th century Georgian merchant 's townhouse on Phoenix Lane in the town of Tiverton in Devon , England . An ancient estate named `` Gotham '' also exists in the parish of Cadeleigh , near Tiverton , now represented by Gotham Farm . It was one of a number of buildings constructed in Tiverton following the disastrous Tiverton fire of 1731 . The building was restored in 1966 and currently serves as the base for a firm of solicitors . The house and its forecourt walls and entrance gates became listed on 12 February 1952 .
History
Gotham House was built in the early 18th century by clothing merchant and Mayor of Tiverton George Davey ( 1690–1746 ) .
It was one of a number of buildings rebuilt in Tiverton following a fire of 1731 , making it a rare example of an elaborate Georgian townhouse . The house remained in the Davey family for a few generations , passing to George Davey 's son Roger after his death , and then to his brother George . It then became the property of George 's daughter and son-in-law , Captain John and Bridget Hamilton . George In the 1880s , Major Poyntz , Chief Constable of Essex , resided at Gotham House . Since 1960 , the building has served as offices of law firm Ashford 's Solicitors . The house was restored in 1966 by architects Clement Toy and Raymond Erith . It has occasionally been opened to the public since then .
Architecture
Exterior
Gotham House is a 3-storey Flemish bond red brick building , with a basement . It has a symmetrical 5-bay front with four brick columns reaching to the top of the first floor , two surrounding the entranceway and one at each end . These are topped with moulded caps and a projecting white cornice . Four columns extend from this cornice to the roof . The windows have slate stonework below and are topped with arches of rubbed brick in a lighter colour ; there are fourteen windows at the front and fifteen at the back . The house has pilastered doorcases at both the front and rear . At the front , there is also a round-headed outer doorway . The house has a slate roof with an 'M ' profile , with chimney stacks at either end constructed of brick with yellow chimney pots . There is cast-iron guttering .
Interior
The house has a double depth plan , being two rooms wide . The interior retains many 18th-century features , including a library containing books and manuscripts from the period and a mahogany staircase dating back to its original constructions . There is a marble mantelpiece , with Corinthian columns and a frieze with depictions of sphinxes and cherubs . Surviving additions from the 19th century include a pantry and a dumb waiter . Several historical items have been found in the basement , including documents signed by Oliver Cromwell .
References
Houses in Devon
Grade II * listed houses
Grade II * listed buildings in Devon
Tiverton , Devon
Ryno Joseph Barnes ( born 5 November 1981 ) is a South African professional rugby union footballer , who most recently played with the . His regular playing position is hooker .
Career
Western Province
Barnes started his senior career with Cape Town-based during the 2006 Vodacom Cup . He made his debut against the in Port Elizabeth , coming on as a late substitute . He was promoted to the starting line-up for their next match against the in Cape Town the following week and eventually made a total of thirteen appearances for Western Province during the competition .
Falcons
In 2007 , Barnes moved north to East Rand-based side the . He appeared in all six of the Falcons ' matches in the 2007 Vodacom Cup and scored his first senior try on his Falcons debut , a 17–13 victory over the in Welkom in the opening match of the season , following this up with his second senior try a week later against in Nigel .
Barnes made his debut in the Currie Cup in 2007 , coming on as a substitute in the Falcons ' match against in Brakpan . He played in ten of the Falcons matches during the 2007 Currie Cup Premier Division – scoring one try against the – but could not prevent them finishing bottom of the log .
Barnes established himself as the first choice hooker at the Falcons in 2008 , starting all seven of their matches during the 2008 Vodacom Cup and appearing in all fourteen of their matches during the 2008 Currie Cup Premier Division , where the Falcons once again finished bottom of the log , this time losing their Premier Division status in a two-legged play-off against the .
Griquas / Royal XV / Cheetahs
Barnes , however , continued to play at Premier Division level as he made the move to Kimberley-based side for the 2009 season . After making eight starts during the 2009 Vodacom Cup to help Griquas lift the trophy for the fourth time , he was also called up to a Highveld XV that played against the British & Irish Lions during their 2009 tour to South Africa . Barnes scored a first-half try in his side 's spirited 25–37 loss to the touring side .
Barnes played in all fourteen of ' matches in the 2009 Currie Cup Premier Division , starting twelve of those and scoring two tries – one in their match against the and another against the .
His performances for the Peacock Blues in also led to him being included in the Super Rugby team for the 2010 Super 14 season . After being an unused substitute the first three times he was named on the bench for the Cheetahs , he eventually came on just after the hour mark in their match against the in Bloemfontein . He started a Super Rugby match for the first time in April 2010 when he was included in the run-on side for their match against the in Hamilton , eventually making a total of eight appearances .
Barnes played in all fourteen of ' matches during the 2010 Currie Cup Premier Division , scoring two tries to help them finish in sixth position in the competition .
2011 saw Barnes once again be a key player for the during the 2011 Super Rugby season , making thirteen appearances including a spell during which he started eight consecutive matches for the side . His record during the 2011 Currie Cup Premier Division was similar to that of 2010 , with Barnes making fourteen appearances – starting all of those – and scoring two tries , against the and respectively , as Griquas once again finished in sixth position .
During the 2012 Super Rugby season , Barnes ' involvement was limited to just one substitute appearance in their match against the in Bloemfontein . Hercú Liebenberg was the preferred back-up choice to Cheetahs first-choice hooker Adriaan Strauss , which led to Barnes being involved more in ' 2012 Vodacom Cup campaign . He started in seven of their eight matches during the competition as they reached the final of the competition , where they lost 20–18 to on home soil . He made nine appearances for Griquas during the 2012 Currie Cup Premier Division as they finished fifth in a now-reduced six-team league to avoid playing in a relegation play-off match .
The 2013 Super Rugby season saw Barnes return to the Cheetahs squad as backup to Adriaan Strauss . He was named on the bench for all 17 of their matches ( 16 regular season matches , plus the Cheetahs ' first ever play-off appearance ) , but only played off the bench on eight occasions . He made nine starts for during the 2013 Currie Cup Premier Division ; this time , the team failed to avoid finishing bottom of the log and they had to play in a two-legged relegation play-off against the . Barnes started both the 21–19 victory in Kimberley and the 33–15 defeat in Nelspruit as Griquas lost their Premier Division status .
Once again used as the main understudy to Strauss during the 2014 Super Rugby season , Barnes made four appearances for the Cheetahs and scored one try in their match against the in Melbourne – Barnes ' first try in Super Rugby in his 31st appearance for the side – before being released to to aid their attempt to return to the 2014 Currie Cup Premier Division by virtue of winning the 2014 Currie Cup qualification tournament . He played in all six matches in the tournament and scored his first ever two-try haul in their match against the in George to help his side top the log and return to the Premier Division . He played in all ten matches in the competition ( although Martin Bezuidenhout was the regular starting hooker ) as Griquas finished seventh in the competition .
Coincidentally , Barnes ' final game for Griquas also turned out to be his 100th match for the side . He came on as a late substitute in the match against the in Pretoria , but marred the occasion as he was sent off just four minutes later for swearing at referee Pro Legoete , as Griquas crashed to a 46–12 defeat .
Free State Cheetahs
Barnes joined the for the 2015 season .
External links
Ryno Barnes at itsrugby.co.uk
References
Living people
1981 births
South African rugby union players
Rugby union hookers
Cheetahs ( rugby union ) players
Rugby union players from Cape Town
Alumni of Paarl Gimnasium
Griquas ( rugby union ) players
Western Province ( rugby union ) players
Falcons ( rugby union ) players
Kenneth W. Thompson ( August 29 , 1921 – February 2 , 2013 ) was an American academic and author known for his contributions to normative theory in international relations . In 1978 he became director of the Miller Center of Public Affairs at the University of Virginia . He retired as director in 1998 , but continued to head its Forum Program until 2004 .
Biography
Thompson received his Ph.D. from the University of Chicago in 1950 and taught there and at Northwestern University from 1949 to 1955 . He resumed teaching at the University of Virginia in 1975 . Between 1955 and 1975 , he worked in the area of institutional philanthropy , becoming vice president for International Programs at the Rockefeller Foundation .
He helped to organize eight national commissions on topics ranging from presidential disability to the selection of federal judges .
Thompson 's Principles and Problems of International Politics , a volume of readings co-edited with his mentor , Hans Morgenthau , provided the intellectual guidelines for his thinking through the succeeding four decades . Primary among these guidelines is a reliance on history . Thompson has seen himself as part of the influential tradition of political realism , the heir of the thought of Morgenthau and Reinhold Niebuhr , and the sustainer of the subsequent generation of scholars . He organized and coedited the innovative seventh edition of Politics among Nations released by McGraw Hill .
Thompson 's desire to ground international relations thought in history led him to distrust mono-causal theories , whether the Marxist championing of class and economic relations , the liberal faith in democratic government , or the `` scientific '' theorizing of much of international relations thought since the behavioral revolution . For Thompson , theory picks out what is most essential from reality , but theory that strays too far from the complexity of reality revealed in history is more likely to be the projection of the theorist 's own prejudices than a useful way of understanding the international states-system .
His distrust of the great simplifiers has led to his refusal to rely on one truth and to his acceptance of the Niebuhrian belief that all political insights are partial , motives are usually mixed , and any one truth taken to its logical extreme will prove harmful . Unlike many students of normative theory in international relations , he has been reluctant to judge one side in a dispute entirely right and the other irrevocably wrong , granting instead that both may have some claim of justice which they might press too far if unopposed . This belief has led in turn to Thompson 's consistent position that ethically tolerable outcomes in international politics are more likely to be achieved through a counterbalancing of power than through moral exhortation .
A distribution of power that prevents any one actor from dominating the rest is what he sees as the great insight of The Federalist Papers , an insight that remains fully applicable to international relations , despite changes in technology , ideologies , and economic ties . Thus he has engaged in a lifelong effort to synthesize the austere world of the realist , a world always verging on cynicism , with the ideals of the moralist , ideals that run the risk of pretentiousness .
Thompson 's assertion of the truths derived by the realist tradition from political philosophy , international history , and Christian theology has been questioned by behaviorists and neo-realists , who see it as `` soft , '' and by moral critics , who see it as cynical . His energy and learning , however , have helped classical realism survive and enjoy a renaissance in the 20th to the 21st century .
Selected publications
1951 Principles and Problems of International Politics : Selected Readings . With Hans Morgenthau . New York : Knopf .
1960 Political Realism and the Crisis of World Politics : An American Approach to Foreign Policy . Princeton : Princeton University Press .
1966 The Moral Issue in Statecraft . Baton Rouge : Louisiana State University Press .
1978 Interpreters and Critics of the Cold War . Washington , D.C. : University Press of America .
1980 Morality and Foreign Policy . Baton Rouge : Louisiana State University Press .
1981 Cold War Theories . Baton Rouge : Louisiana State University Press .
1985 Toynbee 's World Politics and History . Baton Rouge : Louisiana State University Press .
1992 Traditions and Values in Politics and Diplomacy . Baton Rouge : Louisiana State University Press .
1996 Schools of Thought in International Relations : Interpreters , Issues , and Morality . Baton Rouge : Louisiana State University Press .
Source : William David Clinton , American Political Scientists : A Dictionary 2nd ed . Edited by Glenn H. Utter and Charles Lockhart . Westport , Conn : Greenwood Press .
References
Miller Center of Public Affairs - Kenneth W. Thompson
External links
Prophets and Politics , by Kenneth W. Thompson
Kenneth Thompson , former director of the Miller Center , dies
1921 births
Writers from Des Moines , Iowa
University of Chicago alumni
Political realists
University of Virginia faculty
Miller Center Affiliates
2013 deaths
Covre is an Italian surname . Notable people with the surname include :
Alessandro Covre ( died 1951 ) , Italian wrestler
Giuseppe Covre ( 1950–2020 ) , Italian politician
Tullio Covre ( 1917–1961 ) , Italian flying ace
Italian-language surnames
Thwaites railway station was a railway station located just east of Keighley , West Riding of Yorkshire , on the Midland Railway line through the Aire Valley between Keighley and Shipley . It opened to traffic in 1892 and closed 17 years later in 1909 due to poor patronage .
History
The Leeds and Bradford Extension Railway ( L & BER ) opened up from to in 1847 . By 1846 , amalgamations had seen the L & BER become part of the Midland Railway ( MR ) The population centres in the Aire Valley were served by the line at Shipley , and Keighley . Demands from local people that the MR build a station at went unheeded , but they did build a station at Thwaites , a suburb in the eastern part of Keighley .
The station opened in 1892 during a period of improvements on the line ; Bingley railway station was resited in 1892 and the widening of the line between Bingley and Thwaites Junction was started at that time . Thwaites railway station was only open for a mere 17 years before it was closed by the Midland Railway in 1909 . The station was a small concern being able to handle only passenger and parcels traffic ; no goods sidings were installed at the station , although just east of the station was the Keighley Gas Works and Thwaites Junction , where the line ran along a quadruple track section to the outskirts of Bingley railway station .
Falling passenger numbers and dwindling income led the MR to close the station . In the Bradshaw timetable for 1896 , only two trains per day stopped at the station . The MR had hoped that the Keighley Tramway would be extended to Thwaites , so a station was deemed to no longer be necessary . The tramway never extended into Thwaites itself , and the tram system was abolished in Keighley by 1925 . Thereafter , buses from Keighley ran past the site .
References
Sources
Disused railway stations in Bradford
Former Midland Railway stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1892
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1909
1892 establishments in England
1909 disestablishments in England
The German Gymnasium is a building located at 1 Kings Boulevard ( formerly 26 Pancras Road ) , close to the Kings Cross and St Pancras railway stations in the London Borough of Camden .
The building , which is currently used as a German themed bar and restaurant , is a legacy of London 's once large and thriving German community .
Construction and use
It was constructed in 1864–65 for the German Gymnastics Society , a sporting association established in London in 1861 by Ernst Ravenstein . The National Olympian Association used the Gymnasium as one of the venues for its first ever Games here in 1866 , shortly after the German Gymnasium was opened .
Designed by Edward A. Gruning and built by Piper and Wheeler , the German Gymnasium is a -story multi-coloured stock brick building with a roof constructed from laminated wood trusses with cast iron fillets . The roof is an important early example of the use of laminated timber to give broad spans . The roof trusses – some 20m wide – are as experimented with but replaced at nearby King 's Cross Station .
London 's German community
London once had a large german community . Poor Germans , especially Jews , typically settled in the East End , wealthy or well-connected Germans headed for the West End , while many professional and middle-class Germans settled in north London areas such as Islington and St Pancras .
The area around nearby Charlotte Street , also a part of the parish and borough of St Pancras , was so well known as a German centre that it became known as Charlottenstrasse , after the famous Berlin street of that name ..
Damage and preservation
Part of the western end of the building was lost to make way for the construction of the new international rail terminal of St Pancras . A new end wall has been created in keeping with the rest of the structure .
The building has been listed Grade II on the National Heritage List for England since January 1976 .
Nearby Tube stations
King 's Cross St Pancras
References
1865 establishments in England
1860s in London
Grade II listed buildings in the London Borough of Camden
Gyms in the United Kingdom
Kings Cross , London
Sport in the London Borough of Camden
Auctorem fidei is a papal bull issued by Pius VI on 28 August , 1794 to condemn the tendency towards Gallicanism and Jansenist-tinged reforms of the Synod of Pistoia ( 1786 ) .
The bull catalogued and condemned 85 articles of the Synod of Pistoia . After the bull 's publication , Scipione de ' Ricci submitted . In 1805 , he took occasion of the presence of Pius VII in Florence on the latter 's way to Rome from his exile in France to ask in person for pardon amid reconciliation .
The document has been cited as a source of doctrinal orthodoxy when later popes were called to combat doctrinal errors in the 19th and 20th centuries . It is mentioned in Indulgentiarum doctrina , Quo graviora , Commissum divinitus , Mysterium fidei and Pascendi dominici gregis .
References
Auctorem fidei Condemned Propositions ( English ) part 1 & part 2
Auctorem fidei Introductory Text ( English ) click here
Auctorem fidei Complete ( Italian ) click here
External links
18th-century papal bulls
Documents of Pope Pius VI
1794 in Christianity
Gregory David Whitley is an American attorney and consultant to the Republican Party who asked to be appointed to the position of Acting Secretary of State of Texas by Texas Governor Greg Abbott . He served from December 2018 to May 2019 . Whitley 's confirmation was marred by his miscalculation calling for the investigation of 95,000 voters he identified as illegal . Republican President Donald Trump used this alleged information to claim widespread illegal voting in the United States . Whitley could not muster enough votes in the Texas Senate to be confirmed and he resigned shortly before their session ended .
Career
Originally from Alice , Texas , Whitley earned his bachelor 's degree and Juris Doctor from the University of Texas at Austin .
In 2004 , he began working for Greg Abbott , Attorney General of Texas . When Abbott was elected Governor of Texas , he appointed Whitley as Acting Secretary of State to succeed Rolando Pablos , on December 17 , 2018 .
As Secretary of State preceding the 2020 Trump/Biden election , Whitley identified 95,000 voters who he claimed may be noncitizens and sent the names to county election boards in January 2019 for reconsideration and validation that they were indeed eligible to vote . It was found that tens of thousands of the individuals on the list actually were valid voters , and several lawsuits were filed to stop the attempted voter purge . One election official in Fort Bend was quoted that while more than 8,000 voters were on the list to be challenged , only two were actually found . Fred Biery , a judge on the United States District Court for the Western District of Texas , blocked further removal .
President Donald Trump seized upon Whitley 's report that there was widespread voter fraud in Texas , calling it the 'tip of the iceberg . ''
As an appointed position , the Senate Committee on Nominations in the Texas Senate advanced Whitley 's re-nomination on a 4–3 , party line vote . However , all 12 Democrats in the Texas Senate opposed Whitley 's confirmation , which denied him the two-thirds vote required for confirmation . Unable to be re-nominated , Whitley resigned as acting secretary of state on May 27 , 2019 , the same day he would have been removed from office if not confirmed .
References
Living people
People from Alice , Texas
Secretaries of State of Texas
Texas Republicans
University of Texas School of Law alumni
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Thakur Artha Niranjan Joseph De Silva Deva Aditya , ( born 11 May 1948 ) , known as Nirj Deva , is a British politician . A member of the Conservative Party , he served as a Member of the European Parliament for South East England from 1999 to 2019 . He was a Member of Parliament ( MP ) in the British House of Commons from 1992 to 1997 , for the seat of Brentford and Isleworth .
Deva was born in Sri Lanka into a politically active family and was raised in Britain . He was the fifth Asian-born person to be elected a Member of the House of Commons , and in 1999 became the second so-born to be elected as a Conservative to the European Parliament which operates via a party list system . In November 2011 Deva became the European Conservatives and Reformists Group 's candidate for President of the European Parliament , following three UN-related roles , representing the European Union , in the 2005 to 2006 period .
Family background and education
Deva was born in Colombo Sri Lanka , to a leading family of Rajasthani ( Indian ) descent , and is a Roman Catholic . His grandfather was a Senator in the first Sri Lankan ( Ceylon ) Parliament . Deva 's father was Dr. Kingsley De Silva Deva Aditya , a prominent eye surgeon in Colombo , Sri Lanka . His mother Zita was the daughter of Dr. M. G. Perera , a member of the Senate in then Ceylon . He spent his primary and secondary education at St. Joseph 's College , a Catholic school in Colombo . He holds Sri Lankan and British citizenship , and speaks Sinhala and English .
Deva was educated at Loughborough University , where he completed a degree in Aeronautical Engineering and was subsequently a Postgraduate Research Fellow in Economics .
British Parliament
Deva stood as the Conservative Party candidate in Hammersmith at the 1987 general election but lost by 2,415 votes to sitting Labour MP Clive Soley .
At the 1992 general election , Deva was elected to the House of Commons as MP for the London constituency of Brentford and Isleworth with a majority of 2,086 . During his time in Parliament , Deva served as a Parliamentary Private Secretary ( PPS ) at the Scottish Office . Deva was only the fifth Asian-born person to be elected a Member of the House of Commons and serve in the British Government .
He was defeated in the 1997 general election , losing to the Labour candidate Ann Keen by 14,424 votes .
European Parliament
Deva was chosen by the Conservatives to be one of their candidates for the South East England at the 1999 European Parliament election . This was to be the first European election in the UK to use the closed party-list proportional representation electoral system and Deva was placed fifth amongst the eleven Conservatives candidates in South East England . After the election the Conservatives were entitled to five MEPs from South East England and therefore Deva was elected to the European Parliament . Deva became the first Asian-born person to be elected as a Conservative member of the European Parliament . At the 2004 European Parliament election Deva was moved up to second place on the Conservatives ' list of candidates for South East England . After the election the Conservatives were entitled to four MEPs from South East England and therefore Deva was re-elected to the European Parliament .
In April 2005 he was chairman of the European Parliament 's delegation to the UN Commission on Sustainable Development in New York , and delivered a paper on the future of the United Nations at the US Council on Foreign Relations . A few months later , he headed the European Parliament 's delegation to the UN High-Level Conference on global financing of aid . Also in 2005 he was Co-Chairman ( with former Prime Minister of France Michel Rocard ) of the European Parliaments ' Delegation to the World Summit at the United Nations 60th General Assembly .
At the 2009 European Parliament election Deva was placed third on the Conservatives ' list of candidates for South East England . After the election the Conservatives were entitled to four MEPs from South East England and therefore Deva was re-elected to the European Parliament .
In November 2011 it was announced that Deva would be the European Conservatives and Reformists Group 's candidate for President of the European Parliament . In the election in January 2012 he was backed by 142 MEPs , compared to the S & D winning candidate Martin Schulz , backed by 387 MEPs .
At the 2014 European Parliament election Deva was ranked one spot higher for the same EU region . After the election the Conservatives were entitled to three MEPs from South East England and therefore Deva was re-elected to the European Parliament . After the election mainstream Sri Lankan media falsely reported Deva had increased `` his share '' of the vote : electors vote for the party , not the candidate , and Conservative votes and share of the vote decreased .
Deva serves as co-ordinator on the Committee on Overseas Development and Cooperation , and is a bureau member of the ACP-EU Joint Parliamentary Assembly . He is also a member of the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the European Parliament . He has established an online campaign calling for a referendum on the European Constitution ( www.giveusareferendum.eu ) , and launched an online survey asking the views of his constituents on the future of the EU ( www.southeastsurvey.eu ) .
Lobbying
Whilst an MP Deva served as a consultant for tobacco manufacturer Rothmans , builders Laing and power station equipment manufacturer KHD . Following the cash-for-questions affair Deva was amongst a number of MPs who were investigated by an official inquiry led by Gordon Downey . The inquiry found that Deva had no case to answer .
Deva used an official European Parliament trip to Barbados in 2009 to promote Symphony Environmental Technologies , a company from which he received £33,000 a year for being its chairman .
Deva lobbies extensively for the Sri Lankan government and founded the Friends of Sri Lanka group in the European Parliament . He is regarded as an unofficial `` Ambassador-at-Large for Sri Lanka '' .
Business interests
Sri Lanka
Deva 's family has extensive business interests in Sri Lanka including tea , rubber and coconut plantations as well as a distillery and residential property . Deva is a director of Waulugalle Distilleries Limited , Serene Residencies ( Private ) Limited and the family trust .
Deva holds directorships of a number of Sri Lanka 's largest companies . He is a director of conglomerate Aitken Spence PLC . He was appointed a non-executive director of Aitken Spence Hotel Holdings PLC , a subsidiary of Aitken Spence PLC , with effect from 1 July 2010 . He was appointed to the board of directors of MTD Walkers PLC with effect from 29 February 2012 . He is a director of Distilleries Company of Sri Lanka PLC and its subsidiary Melstacorp Limited . He is also a director of The Kingsbury PLC ( formerly Hotel Services ( Ceylon ) PLC ) , a subsidiary of Hayleys PLC .
United Kingdom
Deva is a shareholder , director and chairman of Symphony Environmental Technologies PLC , a company listed on the Alternative Investment Market . He received a salary of £42,000 in 2013 for being chairman . He is also a director of two of the company 's subsidiaries , Symphony Recycling Technologies Limited and Symphony Plastics ( 2010 ) Limited . He is also currently director of Deva Imperial Limited , Monte Zita Limited and Stassen Teas Limited . He had previously been director of Airlines of the World Limited , Budget Hotels Limited , CMB Technologies Limited , Corporate and Public Affairs Strategy Limited , First European Communications Corporation Limited , Global Business Link Limited , International Management Consulting Group Limited , P.P.A.I . Limited , Policy Research Centre for Business Limited , Project Management ( Balaton ) Limited , Serendib Business Investments Limited , Speed Promotions Limited , Winfotech Europe Limited and World Corporate Travel Buyers Club Limited .
Other roles and activities
In 1981 , Deva became Chairman of the Bow Group ( a leading conservative think tank in Britain ) , and initiated the Transatlantic Conferences between the Bow Group and the Republican Party/Heritage Foundation in Washington , D.C .
Deva was appointed Chairman of the Department of Transport/National Consumer Council Committee on De-regulation of Air-Transport , whose Report was published by the UK Government in March 1986 . This resulted in the low-fare airlines in Europe .
Deva was a Member of the Council of the Royal Commonwealth Society from 1976 to 1980 . In 1985 , he became the first Asian-born person to be appointed by Queen Elizabeth II to the office of Deputy Lieutenant for Greater London – a position which he holds for life . He is a Fellow of Britain 's Royal Society of Arts , President of the EU-India Chamber of Commerce , and a Patron of the International Monarchist League . Deva has backed many important education and health issues – he is a staunch supporter of the Autism Awareness Campaign UK and in Sri Lanka .
In 2006 Deva tried to become a candidate for the post of Secretary-General of the United Nations . Deva claimed to have received the recommendation of Fijian Foreign Minister Kaliopate Tavola , a claim refuted by Fiji . He tried unsuccessfully to receive the endorsement of Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa . The British government also refused to support Deva . With so little support Deva did n't go forward as an official candidate .
Since 2008 Deva has served as the President of the International Committee on Human Dignity for the Rome-based Dignitatis Humanae Institute , and is also the Vice-President of the European Parliament 's Working Group on Human Dignity since its launch in 2009 .
Family life
Deva is married to Indra – a French-speaking Mauritian . Indra has worked as Deva 's personal assistant since he was elected an MP in 1992 . As of 2009 Indra was earning a salary of £30,000-£39,999 for working as one of Deva 's assistants in the European Parliament .
The couple have one son .
References
External links
European Parliament
BBC Democracy Live
1948 births
Alumni of Loughborough University
British politicians of Indian descent
Conservative Party ( UK ) MEPs
Conservative Party ( UK ) MPs for English constituencies
Deputy Lieutenants of Greater London
Living people
Members of the Bow Group
MEPs for England 1999–2004
MEPs for England 2004–2009
MEPs for England 2009–2014
MEPs for England 2014–2019
People from Colombo
Sri Lankan emigrants to the United Kingdom
Sri Lankan people of Indian descent
Sri Lankan Roman Catholics
UK MPs 1992–1997
British politicians of Sri Lankan descent
Naturalised citizens of the United Kingdom
British monarchists
Big Haynes Creek is a stream in the U.S. state of Georgia . It is a tributary to the Yellow River .
Big Haynes Creek was named after Thomas Haynes , proprietor of a local gin .
References
Rivers of Georgia ( U.S. state )
Rivers of Gwinnett County , Georgia
Rivers of Newton County , Georgia
Rivers of Rockdale County , Georgia
Netherlands national cerebral palsy football team is the national cerebral football team for the Netherlands that represents the team in international competitions . The team has participated in every Paralympic Games since the sport made its debut in 1988 , winning gold medals in 1988 , 1992 and 1996 . At the most recent IFCPF World Championships in 2015 , they finished fourth . They had first-place finishes at the World Championships in 1986 , 1990 and 1994 .
Background
Koninklijke Nederlandse Voetbalbond ( KNVB ) manages the national team . With international cerebral palsy football starting in 1978 , the Netherlands quickly emerged as one of the most dominant teams in the world during the 1980s .
In 2012 , the team was coached by Marcel Geestman . While the Netherlands was active in participating on the Paralympic and World Championship level by 2016 , the country did not have a national championship to support national team player development . In 2016 , after getting an endorsement by the World AntiDoping Agency ( WADA ) , the IFCPF Anti-Doping Code was formally amended to allow for out of competition testing . This was done through a WADA approved Whereabouts Programme managed through ADAMS . Drawing from players in a Registered Testing Pool , players from this country were included ahead of the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio .
Ranking
In 2016 , the Netherlands was ranked fourth in the world by the IFCPF . They maintained this ranking in November 2014 and August 2013 . Prior to this , in September 2012 and July 2011 , the team was ranked number fifth in the world .
Players
There have been a number of players for the Dutch squad .
Results
The Netherlands has participated in a number of international tournaments .
At the Football 7-a-side International Tournament in Portugal in 2011 , the Netherlands beat Canada 4 - 0 and 3 - 1 . In 2013 , the team participated in the Football Development Tournament in Vienna . The tournament was organized by Austrian Disability Sports Federation ( OBSV ) , with Germany , the Netherlands , Austria and Singapore all participating . The Netherlands finished third at the 2016 Pre-Paralympic Tournament in Salou , Spain after beating Great Britain 3 - 2 in the bronze medal game .
IFCPF World Championships
Netherlands has participated in the IFCPF World Championships .
Paralympic Games
The Netherlands has participated in 7-a-side football at the Paralympic Games .
Paralympic Results
References
Cerebral Palsy
Netherlands at the Paralympics
National cerebral palsy football teams
Football 7-a-side teams at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
Football 7-a-side teams at the 2012 Summer Paralympics
Football 7-a-side teams at the 2008 Summer Paralympics
Football 7-a-side teams at the 2004 Summer Paralympics
Football 7-a-side teams at the 2000 Summer Paralympics
Football 7-a-side teams at the 1996 Summer Paralympics
Football 7-a-side teams at the 1992 Summer Paralympics
Football 7-a-side teams at the 1988 Summer Paralympics
Horteflaket Névé ( ) is a névé at the head of Mushketov Glacier , between the Petermann Ranges and the Weyprecht Mountains in Queen Maud Land , Antarctica . First plotted from air photos by the Third German Antarctic Expedition , 1938–39 , it was replotted from air photos and surveys by the Sixth Norwegian Antarctic Expedition , 1956–60 , and named by them .
References
Snow fields of Antarctica
Bodies of ice of Queen Maud Land
Princess Astrid Coast
Névés of Antarctica
Haworthia bolusii is a species of Haworthia that was originally described by John Gilbert Baker in 1880 .
It is closely related to the neighbouring species to the west , Haworthia decipiens , and it is native to the northern part of the Eastern Cape Province in South Africa .
Varieties
Haworthia bolusii var . blackbeardiana ( Poelln . ) M.B.Bayer - south central and south Cape Province to Free State .
Haworthia bolusii var . bolusii - south Cape Province
Haworthia bolusii var . pringlei ( C.L.Scott ) M.B.Bayer - south Cape Province
References
bolusii
Plants described in 1880
Flora of the Cape Provinces
Flora of the Free State
Endemic flora of South Africa
Taxa named by John Gilbert Baker
`` Nothing Ever Happened '' is a song by Atlanta-based indie rock band Deerhunter . It is the first and only single released from Microcastle . The single was released on October 14 , 2008 . It came backed with a demo of another Microcastle track , `` Little Kids '' recorded during summer 2007 . When playing the track live the band will usually improvise the last section for an extended time , with the song length exceeding anywhere from eight to twenty minutes , as heard when the group played a free show at Pier 54 .
Pitchfork Media named the song the 6th best song of 2008 and 81st best song of the decade . On the track they commented : `` [ Bradford ] Cox 's terrors are buried deep inside , and to the degree he 's able to access them , they 're released with hushed , uncomplicated passion that finds the perfect fit between Poe , post-punk , and pot . ''
Track listing
`` Nothing Ever Happened '' - 5:51
`` Little Kids '' ( Demo ) - 4:10
References
2008 singles
Deerhunter songs
2008 songs
The Capelinhos ( from Capelo + -inhos diminutive , which literally means `` little cape '' ) is a monogenetic volcano located on the western coast of Faial Island in the Azores . It is part of the larger volcanic complex of Capelo , which includes 20 scoria cones and lava fields that are aligned west-northwest to east-southeast from the Caldeira Volcano caldera . Although the name `` Capelinhos '' is associated with the volcano , it technically refers to the western cape of the parish of Capelo . It can be considered the westernmost point of Europe ; there are more westerly islands in the Azores archipelago but they lie on the North American Plate .
A volcanic eruption lasted for 13 months , from September 27 , 1957 until October 24 , 1958 , which may have been two overlapping volcanic eruptions . While enlarging the land by 2.4 km² , it spawned 300 seismic events , hurled ash 1 km , destroyed 300 houses in the parishes of Capelo and Praia do Norte and caused the evacuation of 2,000 people ( emigration to the US and Canada ) . On October 25 , the volcano entered a period of dormancy . It is a part of an active fissural volcanic complex which creates multiple seismic and volcanic events .
Geography and Ecology
Capelinhos is located along the Capelo Volcanic Complex , that comprises a western area of fissural volcanism and historical eruptions leading away from the Cabeço do Fogo . The events that began in 1957 were an extension of the volcanic activity that abruptly ended at Costado da Nau , the escarpment at Ponta dos Capelinhos . Similar to the Horta Platform , the peninsula is consistent with the shapes and products resulting from Surtseyan , Strombolian and Hawaiian volcanic types . The formation is composed primarily of basaltic rocks , although , less frequently , Hawaiian hawaiitic rocks are observed .
Capelinhos is classified a Surtseyan eruption , since it was formed in the relatively shallow coast of the Faial seamount . However , , a volcanologist and full professor at the University of the Azores , defends that the type of eruption should have been designated as Capelinian as it pre-dates the eruption of Surtsey by five years and was studied both by Portuguese and foreign scientists .
Located at Cabeço Norte , a volcanic vent releases water vapour with temperatures between 180 °C and 200 °C from the volcano complex .
The geographer Christophe Neff is carrying field studies on the pioneer vegetation in the Capelinhos area since 1999 . In a recently published paper in “ Finisterra ” he wrote in the English abstract of the paper “ Fifty years after the Capelinhos eruption we can not find any tree or bushes on the volcano .
History
The Capelinhos eruption represented the first time that a submarine eruption was documented from beginning to end . Its location near an inhabited island with good communications meant it could be intensively studied . The first activities during the eruption were identified by engineer Frederico Machado , the Director of the District Public Works Department , his assistant engineer João do Nascimento and surveyor António Denis , under the authorization of the Civil Governor , Freitas Pimentel . The Director of the Observatory in Angra , Lieutenant-Colonel José Agostinho overflew the area , and Bernado Almada ( at the Prince Albert of Monaco Observatory , in Horta ) sent several bulletins relating the increased seismic activity of the area .
Between September 16 and 27 , 1957 , 200 earthquakes of intensity V ( Moderate ) on the Mercalli scale were registered . On September 23 , the ocean waters off the coast of Ponte dos Capelinhos began to boil , and the first vapours were witnessed around 6:30 a.m. one kilometre northwest of the lighthouse . A constant tremor could be sensed , at times reaching a Level IV on the Mercalli scale ( MM-31 ) . Three days later , the activity increased ; black ash ( to about 1400 m ) and water vapour ( to about 4000 m ) rose west of the two ilhéus ( ) off the coast . On September 27 , beginning at about 6:45 in the morning , a submarine eruption , 300 m from Ponta dos Capelinhos ( 100 m from the Ilhéus dos Capelinhos ) began . Whale spotters at Costado da Nau , a few meters above the Capelinhos lighthouse , saw the ocean churning to the west and alerted the lighthouse keepers . On October 5 : `` ... the clouds of clay likely rose about one kilometre in height and solid fragments ... reaching an area of 1200 metres around ... '' The buildings in the area began to experience the first damages : windows were broken , tiles fell from the roofs . By the next day , the first ash-fall began on land ; `` in a few hours a black mat covered the extreme West of island ... '' , reaching 2.5 kilometres from the crater , necessitating the evacuation of the settlements of Norte Pequeno and Canto . Initially , gases and pyroclastic explosions persisted until October 13 , while gradually diminishing , but were rapidly replaced by violent explosions , lava bombs , ash and lava streaming into the sea . This intense eruption occurred until the end of October with constant ash raining on Faial , destroying cultural lands , inhibiting normal farming and forcing the residents from local villages to evacuate .
By October 10 , the eruption had initially formed a small island , baptized Ilha Nova ( ) , Ilha dos Capelinhos ( ) or Ilha do Espírito Santo ( ) by the locals , 600 meter diameter and 30 meter height with an open crater to the sea . By October 29 , the island grew to 99 meters high and 800 meters in diameter of coarse black ash .
By the end of the first phase of the eruption , three reporters , Carlos Tudela and Vasco Hogan Teves from public television Rádio e Televisão de Portugal ( RTP ) , journalist Urbano Carrasco ( from the newspaper Diário Popular ) and boat pilot Carlos Raulino Peixoto risked their lives by traveling to the Ilha Nova . Arriving on the island , they planted a Portuguese flag , before hurriedly leaving . The New Island had disappeared into the sea by 30 October .
On November 4 , 1957 a second volcanic event occurred rapidly , forming a second island , and by 12 November 1957 an isthmus had formed linking it with Faial . Explosions and ejecta increased progressively , reaching a climax by 15 December when a second cone was formed . Following a night of torrential rains and ash ( on or about 16 November ) the explosive activity ceased , and an effusive lava phase began with more ash and explosive rock . By then the largest eruptive column had reached 1450 metres into the air , carrying with it ash from the northwest for a distance of 20 kilometres ( 6 December ) . A final pause began on 29 December .
Between January and April 1958 , new showers of ash and accompanying water vapour ( both white and darkened ) persisted , and the two Ilhéus off the coast of Ponte dos Capelinhos had disappeared under the sand and ash . During this period the cinder cone and isthmus became an integral part of the island of Faial , destroying the roofs of the local buildings and infilling the space to the lighthouse . From May 12–18 , 450 seismic events were recorded as the volcano moved into a Strombolian phase , emitting projectiles 500 m into the air , causing moderate explosions and accompanied by infra-sonic waves that shook doors and windows on the island and some adjacent islands . This final phase lasted several months : the last lava currents were visible on 21 October , and the last projectiles were reported on 24 October . During this final stage ( around 14 May ) , fumaroles were discovered inside Faial 's caldera , that began emitting sulfurous water vapor , boiling clay and mud .
Although one person nearly fell into the Capelinhos crater , there were no deaths from the eruption ; generally , ash deposits and some projectiles caused the destruction of homes and the blanketing of agricultural lands in the parishes of Capelo and Praia do Norte . A report presented on 15 January 1958 indicated that 164 families had been affected by the eruption .
Due to the close relationship between Portugal and the United States , refugees from the beleaguered parishes emigrated . The Azorean Refugee Act ( September 2 , 1958 ) , authorized the emigration of 1,500 people and was sponsored by Democratic Congressmen John O. Pastore of Rhode Island , and a young Senator John F. Kennedy of Massachusetts . In addition to many families from the area of Capelo , other citizens of the Azores benefited from these temporary measures . This resulted in a 50 % decrease of the resident population of Capelo , and contributed to an increased standard of living , greater working opportunities and some improvements in base incomes .
Tourism
The volcano is a landmark on Faial ; its ruined lighthouse and Visitors Center ( which lies along the cliff from the volcano ) is a tourist destination . A trail network runs from the Visitors Center and lighthouse to the caldera summit . On September 27 , 2007 , commemorations marking the 50th anniversary of the eruption and its effects on the island 's history and people were broadcast in Portugal and throughout the Azorean diaspora .
It is also possible to see the volcano during a dedicated speed boat tour offered by `` Capelinhos Ocean Tours '' . For more information , visit www.capelinhosoceantours.com .
References
Notes
Sources
External links
Volcanoes of Portugal
Faial Island
Michael Hill ( 7 August 1672 – 1699 ) was a politician in England and Ireland .
Biography
He was the son of William Hill , of Hillsborough by his wife Eleanor , daughter of Archbishop Michael Boyle .
Michael Hill was Member of Parliament for Saltash in the English House of Commons from 1692 to 1695 , and for Hillsborough in the Irish House of Commons from 1695 to 1699 . He also served as Governor and Custos Rotulorum of County Down and appointed to the Privy Council of Ireland in 1694 .
Family
In 1690 , he married Anne , daughter of Sir John Trevor ; they had two sons and one daughter . His eldest son and heir Trevor was made Viscount Hillsborough . Through his second son , Arthur Hill-Trevor , 1st Viscount Dungannon , he is great-grandfather of Arthur Wellesley , 1st Duke of Wellington .
Notes
References
.
1672 births
1699 deaths
People from County Down
Irish MPs 1695–1699
Members of the pre-1707 English Parliament for constituencies in Cornwall
Members of the Privy Council of Ireland
Michael
English MPs 1690–1695
Members of the Parliament of Ireland ( pre-1801 ) for County Down constituencies
Desmidophorus cumingi is a species of weevil in the family Brachyceridae . This beetle can reach a length of about 12 mm . It occurs in the Philippines .
References
Encyclopaedia of Life
Zipcodezoo
Arctos.database.museum
Global Names Index
Wtaxa
Brachyceridae
Beetles described in 1845
Insects of the Philippines
The Hospicio Cabañas or Museum Cabañas in Guadalajara , Jalisco was one of the oldest and largest orphanage and hospital complexes in the Americas . Now turned into a museum , the main hall hosts the magnum opus frescoes of muralist painter José Clemente Orozco . The place was designated a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1997 .
History
The complex was founded in 1791 by the Bishop of Guadalajara in order to combine the functions of a workhouse , hospital , orphanage , and almshouse . It owes its name to Juan Ruiz de Cabañas who was appointed to the see of Guadalajara in 1796 and engaged Manuel Tolsá , a renowned architect from Mexico City , to design the structure .
Tolsá 's design was based on classic examples such as Les Invalides in Paris and El Escorial near Madrid . The buildings form a rectangle measuring . These are single-storey structures which are in height . The chapel is twice as high and has a dome rising to . The complex is erected on one level , `` so as to facilitate the movement of the sick , the aged , and children . ''
Following the death of Cabañas in 1823 , construction continued until 1829 . Although it served for a time as barracks in the mid-19th century , the hospital lasted well into the 20th century and continued to function until 1980 , when the Cabañas Cultural Institute , with affiliated schools for arts and crafts , moved in . The highlight of the interior decoration is a series of monumental frescoes by José Clemente Orozco , including one of his most famed creations , the allegory of The Man of Fire ( 1936–39 ) .
Hospicio Cabaña was made a Unesco World Heritage site in 1997 . Funded through a collaboration by the Cabañas Institute , Jalisco 's cultural ministry and the Hilario Galguera Gallery in 2014 , French conceptual artist Daniel Buren created a series of site-specific works in 18 of the 23 courtyards , with cloister columns wrapped in geometric patterns , vaults painted in bright hues and mirrored structures built to create distorted views of familiar surroundings .
The sculptures La sala de los magos and Los magos universales by Alejandro Colunga are installed outside the building .
References
External links
Webpage of the institute ( in spanish )
Virtual view on Google Maps
1791 establishments in New Spain
Buildings and structures in Guadalajara , Jalisco
Defunct hospitals in Mexico
Hospital buildings completed in 1828
Hospitals established in 1791
Hospitals in Mexico
Tourist attractions in Guadalajara , Jalisco
Cho Ju-bin ( ) is a South Korean criminal who was convicted of blackmail and sexual harassment as part of the `` Nth Room '' case .
Biography
Born in 1995 , Cho studied Information and Communications at Inha Technical College . He had completed his compulsory military service in South Korea from 2016 to 2017 . He also joined several voluntary services ( e.g . at an orphanage ) .
Cho was reported as a hardworking student with 4.0 CGPA and was part of anti-violation campaigns at his university .
Implication in Nth room case
In early 2020 , the Nth room case garnered national attention in South Korea . On March 23 , the Seoul Broadcasting System revealed the personal information of the suspect , Cho , after conducting its own investigation . The next day , police also confirmed his identity .
Cho was widely accused of sexual harassment , with some of the victims being minors , including secondary students . It was also reported that he threatened Sohn Suk-hee , an anchor for JTBC .
In an interview on March 25 , Cho said , `` Thank you for putting the brakes on the life of a devil that could not be stopped . ''
Sentence
On November 26 , 2020 , Cho was found guilty of his crimes and sentenced to forty years in prison , with an additional five years were added in February 2021 for 'concealing criminal proceeds ' . He reportedly said he wanted to apologize to his victims , whilst the courts claimed that based on his statements , such as those in his blog , that Cho was not truly remorseful for his crimes . Whilst appealing the courts decision Cho created a blog on Naver which contained six articles , including denunciation of the South Korean judicial system and his reasons for appeal . The blog was subsequently shut down by Naver , who responded publicly , saying ; `` After receiving a number of reports about Cho 's blog , we have decided to shut down the site due to its violations of our operating policy . ''
Cho is being held at Seoul Detention Center in Gyeonggi Province .
References
1995 births
Living people
South Korean criminals
`` Audition Day '' is a song by Danish singer-songwriter Oh Land , taken from her debut studio album Fauna ( 2008 ) . Serving as her debut single , it was released as a CD single on 10 November 2008 by Fake Diamond Records .
Background
`` Audition Day '' is Oh Land 's debut single and was taken from her 2008 debut studio album , Fauna . It was written and produced by Oh Land herself , with additional production being handled by Danish musician Peder . String instrumentation is included on the production and performed by Italian violinist Davide Rossi .
Live performances
Oh Land performed `` Audition Day '' live as part of her setlist at the Heaven nightclub in London in February 2012 .
Track listing
References
2008 debut singles
2008 songs
Oh Land songs
Songs written by Oh Land
`` Sunday Morning '' is a song by the Velvet Underground . It is the opening track on their 1967 debut album The Velvet Underground & Nico . It was also released as a single in 1966 . The song is written in the key of F major .
Recording
In late 1966 , `` Sunday Morning '' was the final song to be recorded for The Velvet Underground & Nico . It was requested by Tom Wilson , who thought the album needed another song with lead vocals by Nico with the potential to be a successful single . The final master tape of side one of the album shows `` Sunday Morning '' only penciled in before `` I 'm Waiting for the Man '' .
In November 1966 , Wilson brought the band into Mayfair Recording Studios in Manhattan . The song was written with Nico 's voice in mind by Lou Reed and John Cale on a Sunday morning . The band previously performed it live with Nico singing lead , but when it came time to record it , Lou Reed sang the lead vocal . Nico would instead sing backing vocals on the song .
Aiming to create a hit for the album , `` Sunday Morning '' features noticeably more lush and professional production than the rest of the songs on the album . The song 's prominent use of celesta was the idea of John Cale , who noticed the instrument in the studio and decided to use it for the song . He also played viola and piano via overdubs and Sterling Morrison , normally the secondary guitarist , played bass , despite his dislike of playing the instrument .
According to Reed , the song 's theme was suggested by Andy Warhol . `` Andy said , 'Why do n't you just make it a song about paranoia ? ' I thought that was great so I came up with 'Watch out , the world 's behind you , there 's always someone around you who will call ... It 's nothing at all ' which I feel is the ultimate paranoid statement in that the world cares enough to watch you . ''
Reception
AllMusic 's Mark Deming wrote that the song is `` dreamy pop '' , the only song of that sort on the album . Cash Box said the single is a `` haunting , lyrical emotion stirring chant . ''
Cover versions
`` Sunday Morning '' has been covered by various bands , including Rusty , Villagers , Bettie Serveert , Beck , Chris Coco & Nick Cave , Nina Hagen , James , Oh-OK , Elizabeth Cook , NY Loose , the Feelies , Orchestral Manoeuvres in the Dark , the Queers , Strawberry Switchblade , Wally Pleasant , and Matthew Sweet & Susanna Hoffs . Japanese rock duo the Flare , composed of Sugizo and Yuna Katsuki , included a cover on their 2004 single `` Uetico '' . The alternative rock Japanese band the Teenage Kissers made a cover and released it on their first full album Virgin Field . The song has also been covered by Belle & Sebastian during live shows .
In 2009 , Northern Irish pop punk/new wave band , The Undertones covered `` Sunday Morning '' for Onder Invloed , a project by Dutch journalist Matthijs van der Ven which showcases various musicians from all over the world covering their favorite songs .
A cover of the song by the Doug Anthony All Stars was used in a season 1 episode of DAAS Kapital , but did not appear on the DVD set of the sci-fi sitcom due to `` contractual reasons ... and because we never paid to use it in the first place , '' according to Paul McDermott .
The chord progression is used in Kramer 's `` Do n't Come Around '' , which includes the lyric , `` I love this song , '' presumably referring to the Velvet Underground song rather than the Kramer song .
In 2015 , the song was covered by Børns and Petite Meller as a duet and was released as a single .
Billy Bragg and Courtney Barnett covered the song on the Australian television live music trivia quiz show , RocKwiz .
In 2016 , a version was recorded by Richard Barone for his Sorrows & Promises : Greenwich Village in the 1960s album , as a duet with Jenni Muldaur , who frequently sang background vocals for both Lou Reed and John Cale on their solo work .
In 2017 , Phish covered the song on Night 3 of their `` Bakers A Dozen '' run at Madison Square Garden , which was a theme night concert celebrating Red Velvet doughnuts .
Also in 2017 , Flo Morrissey and Matthew E. White covered the song on their album Gentlewoman , Ruby Man , a collection of covers .
References
Sources
The Velvet Underground songs
1966 singles
Songs written by Lou Reed
Song recordings produced by Tom Wilson ( record producer )
Songs written by John Cale
1966 songs
Verve Records singles
The 1st Division is a formation of the Nigerian Army . It was established during the Nigerian civil war and is charged with securing its area of responsibility covering the North Western flank of Nigeria and also ensuring that the borders located in its AOR are secured . The division is a mechanized infantry with affiliated combat support and combat service support units .
History
In August–September 1967 , 1 Area Command at Kaduna was predesignated 1 Infantry Division , and 2 Division was formed under Colonel Murtala Mohammed . At the end of the Civil War , the three divisions of the army were reorganized into four divisions , with each controlling territories running from North to South , with each division having access to the sea . This was later abandoned in favor of the assignment of sectors to the divisions .
Divisional components
Division Headquarters ( Kaduna )
241st Recce Battalion ( Nguru )
1st Mechanised Brigade ( Sokoto )
65th Mechanised Battalion
81st Motorised Battalion
223rd Light Battalion
3rd Brigade ( Kano )
41st Division Engineers
a signals formation of brigade size
31st Artillery Brigade
The existence of 3rd Brigade at Kano was corroborated by a May 2015 report of 1,000 soldiers dismissed `` for allegedly disobeying orders during onslaughts against Boko Haram militants in the North-east . ''
17 Brigades began its formation in late 2017 , and was officially established on 20 February 2018 for internal security duties . It became part of 1 Division .
Commanders
Colonel Mohammed Shuwa ( August 1967-September 1969 )
Brigadier Illiya Bisalla ( September 1969-December 1973 )
Brigadier I.B . Haruna ( December 1973-July 1975 )
Major General Ipoola Alani Akinrinade ( August 1975-January 1978 )
Brigadier Domkat Bali ( January 1978-September 1978 )
Brigadier P.A . Eromobor ( September 1978-September 1979 )
Major General George Agbazika Innih ( October 1979-April 1980 )
Major General David Jemibewon ( January 1980-November 1981 )
Major General A.D. Aduloju ( January 1981-August 1983 )
Major General H.A . Hananiya ( August 1983-January 1984 )
Brigadier J.O . Oni ( January 1984-September 1985 )
Major General P.I . Adomokhai ( September 1985-October 1988 )
Major General M.S . Sami ( October 1988-January 1990 )
Major General Ike Nwachukwu ( January 1990-September 1990 )
Major General A.A. Abubakar ( September 1990-November 1991 )
Brigadier General A.M. Daku ( November 1991-January 1993 )
Brigadier General John Nanzip Shagaya ( January 1993-September 1993 )
Brigadier General Chris Alli ( September 1993-December 1993 )
Brigadier General Alwali Kazir ( December 1993-August 1994 )
Brigadier General A.A. Abdullahi ( September 1994-April 1996 )
Brigadier General M.O . Sule ( April-July 1996 )
Major General M.O . Sule ( July 1996-December 1996 )
Major General A.S. Mukhtar ( December 1996-June 1999 )
Major General Alexander Ogomudia ( 1 July 1999-April 2001 )
Major General D.R.A . Ndefo ( 1 May-August 2002 )
Major General S.A. Asemota ( August 2002-January 2005 )
Major General O.A . Azazi ( January 2005-July 2006 )
Major General L.O . Jokotola ( July 2006-2007 )
Major General M.B . Obi
Major General K.A . Role ( 2008-2010 )
Major General Shoboiki ( 2010-2012 )
Major General G.A . Wahab ( 2012-2014 )
Major General K.C . Osuji ( 2014–2015 )
Major General A. Oyebade ( 2015- 2017 )
Major General M. Mohammed ( October 2017-2018 )
Major General Faruk Yahaya ( 2018-2021 )
External links
Nigeria Army official website
References
Army units and formations of Nigeria
Military units and formations established in 1967
LED ( Light-emitting diode ) to LED communication , also known as “ Mobile Device Light Communications ” are sundry techniques which repurpose mobile computer devices , including mobile telephones , to communicate with other devices , using visual or infrared light .
“ Mobile device light communication ” differs from Visual Light Communication as “ mobile device light communication ” transmits data at speeds thousands of times slower than Li-fi .
“ Mobile Device Light Communication ” takes various forms :
The mobile device flashlight LED ( also called the camera flash LED ) can send visual light signals in the form of white light flashes .
The mobile device infrared proximity emitter and sensor can send infrared flashes and receive infrared flashes .
The liquid crystal display ( LCD ) or LED display of the mobile device can send visual light signals in the form of colored display flashes .
A color sensor , or an ambient light sensor , or a reverse biased LED can receive flashes from the mobile device , and send flashes back to the infrared light sensor on the mobile device .
Picalico exploits the features of two iOS mobile devices . Light Message also does so for Android .
Light communication is low cost , since the hardware for mobile light communication is often already a component of the mobile device assembly . Adding the capability of receiving mobile light communication to electronic gadgets is also low cost , since a reverse biased LED or color sensor chip costs very little .
Mobile device light communication is orders of magnitude slower than Bluetooth , or Li-fi . It is suitable for low-cost basic mobile telephones that lack Bluetooth or iBeacon , or as a backup communication system , when Bluetooth fails .
Mobile device light communication is the basis for the German banking ATM system flicker code procedure .
Since many electronic devices have a display or LEDs , light communication can be added to these devices . Devices like CRT monitors , tablets , watches , laptops , LED flashers , wristbands , and other gadgets with displays or LEDs can accommodate mobile light communication . Bg-fi is a mobile light JavaScript which can be adapted to devices running Java .
Mobile device light communication is described in patents 5136644 , 5488571 , 5742260 , 6977868 , 20090232515 , 20140082076 , EP1211841B1 , EP1788509A1 , GB2376115A1 , WO2011007380A1 , and by patents pending .
References
Telecommunications techniques
Light-emitting diodes
George Thomas Saunders ( 29 November 1907- 14 November 1996 ) was an English athlete who competed in the 1934 British Empire Games .
At the 1934 Empire Games he was a member of the English relay team which won the gold medal in the 4×110 yards event . In the 100 yards competition he finished fourth .
External links
Profile at TOPS in athletics
1907 births
1996 deaths
English male sprinters
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 1934 British Empire Games
Commonwealth Games gold medallists for England
Commonwealth Games medallists in athletics
{ { Infobox person
| name = Madge Sinclair
| honorific_suffix = CD
| image = Madge_Sinclair_1979.jpg
| caption = Sinclair in 1979
| birth_name = Madge Dorita Walters
| birth_date =
| birth_place = Kingston , Jamaica
| death_date =
| death_place = Los Angeles , California , U.S .
| years_active = 1972–1995
| occupation = Actress
| spouse =
| children = 2
| known_for = Leona Hamilton – Cornbread , Earl and Me Belle Reynolds – RootsQueen Aoleon – Coming to AmericaVoice of Sarabi – The Lion King
Widow Woman – Convoy
} }
Madge Dorita Sinclair CD ( née Walters ; April 28 , 1938 – December 20 , 1995 ) was a Jamaican actress best known for her roles in Cornbread , Earl and Me ( 1975 ) , Convoy ( 1978 ) , Coming to America ( 1988 ) , Trapper John , M.D . ( 1980–1986 ) , and the ABC TV miniseries Roots ( 1977 ) . Sinclair also voiced the character of Sarabi , Mufasa 's mate and Simba 's mother , in the Disney animated feature film The Lion King ( 1994 ) . A five-time Emmy Award nominee , Sinclair won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress – Drama Series for her role as `` Empress '' Josephine in Gabriel 's Fire in 1991 .
Early life and education
Born Madge Dorita Walters in Kingston , Jamaica , to Jamaican parents Herbert and Jemima Walters , Sinclair studied at Shortwood College for Women . After completing her studies , she worked as a teacher in Jamaica until 1966 , when she left for New York to pursue her career in acting . Sinclair began acting with Joseph Papp 's Public Theatre . In 1971 she portrayed Clytemnestra in the New York Shakespearean Festival production of The Wedding of Iphigenia .
Career
Sinclair made her film debut as Mrs. Scott in Conrack ( 1974 ) opposite Jon Voight ; a role which earned her a nomination for the NAACP Image Award for Outstanding Actress in a Motion Picture . Her next major critical success was as Bell in the 1977 ABC mini-series Roots for which she received her first nomination for a Primetime Emmy Award .
Following Roots , she starred in the 1978 film Convoy as the Widow Woman , and she played Leona Hamilton in Cornbread , Earl and Me . Also in 1978 , she co-starred in the short-lived sitcom Grandpa Goes to Washington . Sinclair went on to a long-running stint in the 1980s as nurse Ernestine Shoop on the series Trapper John , M.D . opposite Pernell Roberts . She received three Emmy nominations for her work on the show , and critic Donald Bogle praised her for `` maintaining her composure and assurance no matter what the script imposed on her '' . In 1988 , Sinclair played Queen Aoleon alongside James Earl Jones 's King Jaffe Joffer in the Eddie Murphy comedy Coming to America , which reunited her on screen with her Roots husband and co-star John Amos . Later , both Sinclair and Jones would reunite as the queen and king , respectively , for the roles of Sarabi and Mufasa , Simba 's parents , in the blockbuster Disney animated film The Lion King ( 1994 ) . The film became one of the best-selling titles ever on home video . It would also be her last film role . The two also collaborated on the series Gabriel 's Fire , which earned Sinclair an Emmy in 1991 for Best Supporting Actress in a Dramatic Series , famously beating out the expected winner , L.A. Law Diana Muldaur .
Sinclair played the role of Lally in the 1991 Channel 4 television miniseries The Orchid House ( based on Phyllis Shand Allfrey 's novel of the same name ) , directed by Horace Ové , and also received critical praise for her supporting role in the 1992 television movie Jonathan : The Boy Nobody Wanted with JoBeth Williams . In 1993 , Sinclair came to London to appear on stage at the Cochrane Theatre in The Lion , by Michael Abbensetts and directed by Horace Ové , for the Talawa Theatre Company . In 1994 , she played a supporting role in the short-lived ABC-TV sitcom Me and the Boys , which starred Steve Harvey . Sinclair , in her brief role as the captain of the USS Saratoga in Star Trek IV : The Voyage Home , is commonly cited as the first female Starfleet starship captain to appear in Star Trek . Years later , Sinclair played Geordi La Forge 's mother , captain of the USS Hera , in Star Trek : The Next Generation 's `` Interface '' . Her final acting role was in an episode of the sitcom Dream On '' , which first aired one month before her death .
Personal life and death
Sinclair was married to Royston Sinclair , a Jamaican police officer , from 1956 until 1969 and had two sons with him , Garry and Wayne Sinclair . In 1982 , Sinclair married actor Dean Compton , to whom she was still married at the time of her death . Sinclair died on December 20 , 1995 , after a 13-year battle with leukemia . Her remains were cremated and her ashes were scattered in her hometown in Jamaica . She was awarded the Order of Distinction , rank of Commander , by the prime minister of Jamaica .
Filmography
Film
Television films
Television series
References
Further reading
External links
1938 births
1995 deaths
Deaths from cancer in California
Deaths from leukemia
Outstanding Performance by a Supporting Actress in a Drama Series Primetime Emmy Award winners
Jamaican film actresses
Jamaican television actresses
African-American actresses
People from Kingston , Jamaica
Jamaican emigrants to the United States
20th-century Jamaican actresses
20th-century African-American women
20th-century African-American people
20th-century American people
Rustem Talgatovich Bulatov ( ; 2 April 1974 – 31 May 2008 ) was a Russian professional footballer .
Career
Bulatov made his professional debut in the Soviet Second League B in 1991 for FC Rubin Kazan . He played 2 games in the UEFA Cup 2000–01 for PFC CSKA Moscow .
Coaching career
He worked as head coach of Torpedo SDYuSShOR Kaluga before his death .
Death
Bulatov died on 31 May 2008 after falling ill during a game ( he was playing on a local amateur level at the time ) .
Honors
Russian Cup finalist : 2000 .
References
1974 births
Footballers from Kazan
2008 deaths
Soviet footballers
Russian footballers
Association football defenders
FC Rubin Kazan players
PFC CSKA Moscow players
Russian Premier League players
FC Kuban Krasnodar players
FC Tom Tomsk players
FC Anzhi Makhachkala players
Association football players who died while playing
FC Volgar Astrakhan players
Sport deaths in Russia
FC Kristall Smolensk players
FC Dynamo Saint Petersburg players
FC Neftekhimik Nizhnekamsk players
Narissara Nena France ( born 9 September 1990 ) is a British-Thai model , musician and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Universe Great Britain 2015 . She represented her country at the Miss Universe 2015 pageant .
Personal life
Narissara was born in London , England . She is of both British and Thai descent , currently working as a model in London full-time . Narissara was crowned Miss London 2013 by Amy Willerton , Miss Universe Great Britain 2013 , in London and went on to compete in the Miss England contest , placing in second .
Miss Universe Great Britain 2015
On 26 June 2015 Narissara was crowned Miss Universe Great Britain 2015 in Cardiff , Wales . As Miss Universe Great Britain , she participated in the Miss Universe 2015 pageant in Las Vegas , where she did not place .
Notes
External links
Official website
Living people
Miss Universe 2015 contestants
Models from London
1990 births
English female models
English people of Thai descent
21st-century English women
21st-century English people
Ai n't That a Bitch is a funk album by the American musician Johnny `` Guitar '' Watson , whose long career influenced the development of blues , soul music , rhythm and blues , funk and rock music . It was recorded and released in 1976 .
It was Watson 's first successful funk album and contains a few of his best-known funk songs . It was certified as a Gold Record for sales of more than 500,000 copies .
Critical reception
In a retrospective review for AllMusic , Stephen Cook praised Ai n't That Bitch , saying it `` works beautifully as a first-disc choice for newcomers [ to Watson ] , especially those who want to hear the '70s funk material . ''
In 1998 , The Wire included Ai n't That a Bitch in their list of `` 100 Records That Set the World on Fire ( While No One Was Listening ) '' , where the staff described it as `` the best-sounding funk album of all time '' , complimenting its futuristic lyrics ( as on `` Superman Lover '' ) and `` Watson 's unerring ear for note placement '' and praising its sound for being `` as steely and urgently urban as Edgard Varèse , as slinky as Nat King Cole , as sharp and sassy as no one else in recorded history . ''
Track listing
All tracks composed by Johnny `` Guitar '' Watson ; except where indicated .
The original 1976 release track list is as follows :
`` I Need It '' ( 4:46 )
`` I Want to Ta-Ta You Baby '' ( 5:49 )
`` Superman Lover '' ( Reynaldo Rey , Watson ) ( 5:44 )
`` Ai n't That a Bitch '' ( 5:02 )
`` Since I Met You Baby ( 3:30 )
`` We 're No Exception '' ( 4:18 )
`` Wo n't You Forgive Me Baby '' ( 5:17 )
In 2003 the UK music company Sanctuary Records , under the Castle Records label , re-released and digitally remastered the album as a `` Deluxe Expanded Edition '' on compact disc . The track listing was the same , but with two bonus tracks :
`` I Need It '' ( 7 '' single edit ) ( 3:31 )
`` Superman Lover '' ( 7 '' single edit ) ( 3:18 )
In 2005 the American music company Shout ! Factory Records also re-released the album on compact disc and on vinyl record . The track listing was the same as the original , but with two different bonus tracks :
`` Funkula '' ( 4:20 )
`` Follow Me '' ( 4:36 ) ( this instrumental was released in 1979 on the album Extra Disco Perception under his funk band name `` The Watsonian Institute '' )
Personnel
Johnny `` Guitar '' Watson – organ , synthesizer , bass , guitar , piano , conga , drums , keyboards and vocals
Paul Dunmall – saxophone
Peter Martin – trumpet
Tommy Robertson – trombone
Emry Thomas – drums , backing vocals , production assistant
Kerry McNabb – engineer
Samples by other artists
Several tracks from the album have been sampled by other artists :
`` I Want to Ta-Ta You Baby ''
`` Sooperman Luva II '' by Redman from the album Dare Iz a Darkside
`` Superman Lover ''
`` A Day of Sooperman Lover '' by Redman from the album Whut ? Thee Album
`` Supa GFK '' by Ghostface Killah from the album The Big Doe Rehab
`` The Nod Factor '' by Mad Skillz from the album From Where ? ? ?
`` Who 's the Mic Wrecka '' by Da Youngsta 's from the album The Aftermath
`` Afro Puffs '' by Lady of Rage from the soundtrack of Above the Rim
`` The Predator '' by Ice Cube from the album The Predator
`` Comptons Lynchin ' '' by Compton 's Most Wanted from the album Straight Checkn 'Em
`` Broad Factor '' by Quasimoto from the album Yessir Whatever
`` Ai n't That a Bitch ''
`` Ai n't That a Bitch ( Ask Yourself ) '' by UGK from the album Ridin ' Dirty
`` Funk Soul Sensation '' by Jemini the Gifted One from the album Scars and Pain
`` We 're No Exception ''
`` Hot Thing '' by Talib Kweli from the album Eardrum
References
External links
1976 albums
Johnny `` Guitar '' Watson albums
DJM Records albums
Phillip Carter ( born August 31 , 1959 ) is a former Canadian football running back in the Canadian Football League who played for the Calgary Stampeders . He played college football for the Notre Dame Fighting Irish .
References
1959 births
Living people
American football running backs
Canadian football running backs
Calgary Stampeders players
Notre Dame Fighting Irish football players
rutvik means = kantal aa raha hai
Ruthvik is a name in India which means `` A person who performs all the vedic procedures like Homa ( in particular ) '' . The name has been derived from the word RUTH-VEE-JA . The word comes from the Vedas . Its name is a renowned name that means Saint , or the name of Lord Shiva .
References
Masculine given names
The Twin City Model Railroad Museum is a railroad museum in Saint Paul , Minnesota , United States , which has a large display of model railroads . The museum has had a home in Saint Paul since 1934 , where it first started as a club . In later years the museum established a home in the Saint Paul Union Depot , and later in Bandana Square . On October 16 , 2015 , the museum announced that it was looking for a new home . The museum subsequently announced it would be moving to a new location in spring of 2016 . The museum reopened on May 17 , 2016 , in their new location at 668 Transfer Road , Suite 8 . The new location is just south of the former Amtrak Midway Depot along the Minnesota Commercial railyard .
References
The Twin City Model Railroad Club/Museum 1934–2009 , Compiled by Ray Barton , Michael Mackner and Robert Neiderkorn .
External links
Twin City Model Railroad Museum
1934 establishments in Minnesota
Museums in Saint Paul , Minnesota
Railroad museums in Minnesota
Rail transport modelling
I 'm Glad My Mother Is Alive ( ) is a 2009 French film directed by Claude Miller and Nathan Miller .
Plot
Thomas , an adopted teenager and uncomfortable , goes in search of his past to understand why his mother abandoned him and his brother when he was 4 years old . He searches for his mother without telling either his brother or his adoptive parents . He then discovers that she is no longer with her biological father , that she had a third son with another man , and that she now lives alone with her other son .
Cast
Vincent Rottiers as Thomas Jouvet
Sophie Cattani as Julie Martino
Christine Citti as Annie Jouvet
Yves Verhoeven as Yves Jouvet
Olivier Guéritée as Patrick / François
Gabin Lefebvre as Tommy
Quentin Gonzalez as Frédéric
Chantal Banlier as Chantal Duronnet
Thomas Momplot as Mathieu
Samir Guesmi as The employer
Sabrina Ouazani as The cinema cashier
Carole Franck as The orphanage 's director
Production
The movie was presented in several festivals like the Montreal World Film Festival , the Venice Film Festival , the Festival do Rio , the São Paulo International Film Festival and the San Francisco International Film Festival .
Critical reception
The film was well received by the critics . Review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes reports that 92 % of 13 critics gave the film a positive review , for an average rating of 7.4/10 .
Accolades
References
External links
2009 films
2009 drama films
2000s French-language films
French drama films
Belgian drama films
Films directed by Claude Miller
2000s French films
Backsplash may refer to :
Splashing of water resulting from an activity or operation , such as in rowing or rotation of a paddle wheel of a paddle steamer
A protective panel behind a sink or countertop usually made of a waterproof material , also called a `` splashback ''
An attraction at Geyser Falls Water Theme Park , in Choctaw , Mississippi , US
Nancy Kemp-Arendt ( born 22 May 1969 , in Esch-sur-Alzette ) , née Nancy Arendt , is a politician and former athlete from Luxembourg . She competed in triathlon and swimming . She now sits in the national legislature , the Chamber of Deputies , for the Christian Social People 's Party .
Kemp-Arendt competed under her maiden name , Nancy Arendt , at the 1988 Summer Olympics , in Seoul . Participating in the 100m breaststroke and 200m breaststroke , she finished twenty-ninth and thirty-first respectively . After converting to triathlon , Kemp-Arendt competed in that sport 's first appearance in the Summer Olympics , in 2000 . She took tenth place with a total time of 2:03:14.94 . She has won the title of Luxembourgian Sportswoman of the Year a total of six times – two for swimming and four for triathlon – making her the only athlete ( male or female ) to have won it for success in two different sports .
After her early sporting success , Arendt went into politics , becoming a member for the Christian Social People 's Party ( CSV ) in 1993 . She was appointed to the Chamber of Deputies to fill a vacancy on 23 January 1996 , and finished out the term until the legislative election in 1999 . In that election , she finished eleventh on the CSV list for the Sud constituency , with seven being elected . However , this was high enough to ensure her replacement of Ady Jung on 3 June 2003 , in whose place she served until the following year . She placed eleventh again in the following election , but on a landslide CSV victory that saw nine CSV members elected from Sud , allowing her to be appointed to fill one of three minister-vacated seats , and has sat in the Chamber since then .
References
External links
Chamber of Deputies official website biography
Members of the Chamber of Deputies ( Luxembourg )
Christian Social People 's Party politicians
Luxembourgian female swimmers
Luxembourgian female triathletes
Swimmers at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Triathletes at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Luxembourgian sportsperson-politicians
1969 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Esch-sur-Alzette
Olympic swimmers of Luxembourg
Female breaststroke swimmers
Olympic triathletes of Luxembourg
North Caucasus Krai ( , Severo-Kavkazskiy kray ) was an administrative division ( krai ) within the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic of the Soviet Union . It was established on 17 October 1924 . Its administrative center was Rostov-on-Don until 10 January 1934 , Pyatigorsk until January 1936 , then Ordzhonikidze ( today Vladikavkaz ) and , from 15 December 1936 , Voroshilovsk ( today Stavropol ) .
As of 1932 , the population of the krai was estimated at 10,290,000 in an area of 351,800 km2 . 45.9 % of the overall population was Russian , and 37.2 % of the overall population was Ukrainian .
Widespread death by starvation occurred in the krai during the Soviet famine of 1932–33 .
As of the 1937 All-Union Census , the krai had a population of 1,635,277 in a smaller area .
After undergoing numerous administrative changes , including the loss of the majority of its territory to the new Azov-Black Sea Krai on 10 January 1934 , it was renamed Ordzhonikidze Krai ( ) , after Sergo Ordzhonikidze , on 13 March 1937 , and Stavropol Krai on 12 January 1943 .
Since 19 January 2010 , the region has been divided between the North Caucasian Federal District and the Southern Federal District .
See also
Kuban
References
Former administrative units of Russia
Canachagala Mountain is a summit located in Central New York Region of New York located in the Town of Ohio in Herkimer County , north of Wilmurt . Canachagala Lake is located north of Canachagala Mountain .
References
Mountains of Herkimer County , New York
Mountains of New York ( state )
Lower Mediezie Ward also known as Lower Agri Ward is a ward located under Nagaland 's capital city , Kohima . The ward falls under the designated Ward No . 17 of the Kohima Municipal Council .
See also
Municipal Wards of Kohima
References
External links
Map of Kohima Ward No.17
Kohima
Wards of Kohima
Elections to the French National Assembly were held in French Dahomey and French Togoland on 21 October 1945 . The territory elected two seats to the Assembly via two electoral colleges . French missionary Francis Aupiais of the Popular Republican Movement was elected from the first college and Sourou-Migan Apithy in the second , but Aupiais died before taking office .
Background
Some residents of French Togoland opposed attempts to entrench French rule by allowing elections to the French National Assembly in what was a League of Nations mandate rather than a French colony . Petitions against French policy were sent to the United Nations by the Ewe , who sought to be reunited with their brethren in British Togoland .
Campaign
Despite having left Dahomey seventeen years before the elections , Aupiais remained a popular figure in Dahomey , even amongst animists . His former pupil Sourou-Migan Apithy benefitted from his association with Aupiais , although he had also become an important figure in his own right through his work on the Monnerville Commission , which had reported on the future of the French colonies .
Results
First College
Second College
Aftermath
Following the elections , Senegalese MP Lamine Guèye attempted to persuade all the African MPs to form an African Bloc , which would be affiliated with the SFIO . Although the attempt failed , Apithy did sit with the SFIO .
References
Dahomey
Elections in Benin
1945 in French Dahomey
Elections in Togo
1945 in French Togoland
Legislative elections in France
Dahomey
October 1945 events in Africa
Hesketh End is an historic building in the English village of Chipping , Lancashire . Built in 1591 , with later additions made in the early 17th century , it is now a Grade I listed building .
See also
Grade I listed buildings in Lancashire
References
1591 establishments in England
Country houses in Lancashire
Grade I listed buildings in Lancashire
Statistics of the Cambodian League for the 1982 season .
Overview
Ministry of Commerce FC won the championship .
References
RSSSF
C-League seasons
Cambodia
Cambodia
football
Karpovka ( ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) in Kushtiryakovsky Selsoviet , Bakalinsky District , Bashkortostan , Russia . The population was 38 as of 2010 . There are 3 streets .
Geography
Karpovka is located 50 km southwest of Bakaly ( the district 's administrative centre ) by road . Ursayevo is the nearest rural locality .
References
Rural localities in Bakalinsky District
The Nieuport 16 C.1 ( or Nieuport XVI C.1 in contemporary sources ) was a French World War I single-seat sesquiplane fighter aircraft , designed by Gustave Delage as a development of the Nieuport 11 with a more powerful engine . The Nieuport 16 's service life coincided with the period when the first air-to-air rockets , the Le Prieur rocket , were used most frequently , and the type has a closer association with them than any other aircraft .
Development
The Nieuport 16 was an improved Nieuport 11 developed in 1916 , with a strengthened airframe powered by a more powerful Le Rhône 9J rotary engine . Visible differences included a headrest for the pilot and a larger aperture in front of the `` horseshoe '' cowling . The Nieuport 16 was an interim type pending the delivery of the slightly larger Nieuport 17 C.1 , whose design was begun in parallel with the 16 , and which remedied the 16 's limitations , as well as improving performance . Additional Nieuport 16s were built under licence in Russia by Dux , which also added a headrest to the Nieuport 11s they were still building , making identification more difficult .
As with the Nieuport 11 , no synchronizer was initially available , which meant the Nieuport 16 's Lewis machine gun was similarly mounted to fire over the propeller . Some of the first examples delivered to the Royal Flying Corps ( RFC ) were fitted with a Lewis mounted on the cowl in front of the pilot and fitted with an Alkan-Hamy synchronization gear : however the Lewis 's open bolt firing cycle resulted in an unpredictable rate of fire which played havoc with the timing and these soon reverted to the overwing mounts . The Alkan-Hamy gear was then applied much more successfully to a fuselage-mounted Vickers machine gun , which was used on later French Nieuport 16s . However this configuration made the aircraft dangerously nose-heavy and increased the wing loading which compromised manoeuvrability . The British would continue with the overwing gun for all of their Nieuport scouts , and developed their own Foster mounting to improve on the numerous French designs . Although used widely on later Nieuport types , the Nieuport 16 was used to test the initial design . Clearing gun jams and replacing ammunition drums in flight remained challenging though , and the drums still limited ammunition supply even after the British introduced a new `` double '' 98 round drum .
Some Nieuport 16s were fitted to fire Le Prieur rockets from the struts for attacks on observation Kite balloon . They were even used on occasion to break up enemy aircraft formations , however no victories over other aircraft or the Zeppelins they had originally been designed to defeat were recorded . The fire from their rocket motors was inherently hazardous to the aircraft they were used on , due to the highly flammable nature of the covering used on almost all WW1 aircraft and protective metal sheeting was added to the lower wings , and the interplane struts that the rocket 's eight launch tubes were attached to .
Operational history
As an interim type bridging the gap between the preceding Nieuport 11 and the more sophisticated Nieuport 17 , it rarely equipped entire units by itself in French service , but was operated alongside both types , and the two seat Nieuport 12 , and even Nieuport 10s . Its period of ascendancy would begin shortly after the start of the Battle of Verdun and encompassed the entire Battle of the Somme , both battles that set records for their duration and staggeringly large casualty lists .
One of many results of Verdun was French experimentation with camouflaging aircraft , which included using single overall colours including horizon blue and tan on Nieuport 11s , and culminated with a 4 colour disruptive camouflage pattern that was standardized on later Nieuport 11s , and used on almost all of the Nieuport 16s .
The same period also coincided with the greatest use of the first air-air rockets , the Le Prieur . Although erratic and difficult to aim , they were successfully used against German Drachen kite balloons . In their first operational deployment , eight aces including Nungesser , Guiguet and Chaput were specially trained by Le Prieur in their use , and in an early morning attack on 22 May 1916 , managed to down six balloons in short order , panicking the German authorities into lowering the remainder along a stretch of the front lines , blinding the German Army in time for the first French counter-attack on Fort Douaumont . Le Prieurs were also occasionally used against ground targets , the first recorded instance of an air to ground rocket attack being on 29 June 1916 , when a roving Nieuport 16 equipped with Le Prieur rockets found a large ammunition dump , and blew it up .
One of the first pilots to be officially recognized as an ace and dubbed `` The Sentinel of Verdun '' , Jean Navarre flew several Nieuports over Verdun , including two Nieuport 16s , the second of which had a red fuselage . Five of his 16 confirmed victories were scored in Nieuport 16s . Contemporary to Navarre and a close friend , Charles Nungesser scored 9 of his eventual 43 victories in Nieuport 16s .
When the Nieuport 16 had become obsolete for front line use , they continued to be used for advanced training into 1917 , particularly in the use of Le Prieur rockets .
The Royal Naval Air Service ( RNAS ) had also ordered 14 Nieuport 16s to begin replacing their Nieuport 11s , however they were transferred directly to the Royal Flying Corps which was finding that its de Havilland DH.2 pusher aircraft were inadequate against the Halberstadt D.II and other replacements for the Fokker Eindecker . It came to light that the reason they had not purchased any Nieuport Scouts previously despite their obvious performance advantages over all other available fighters , was the seeming refusal of Nieuport to pay bribes to the officers collecting aircraft . All of the planned RNAS aircraft were then delivered to the RFC without having been operated by the Royal Naval Air Service , while 9 more were delivered directly to the RFC . The top scoring RFC ace while the Nieuport 16 was in service was Albert Ball , who scored many of his kills with Nieuport 16s . The RFC equipped their Nieuport 16s with Le Prieur rockets ( called torpedoes by the crews ) for use against the balloons arrayed against them prior to the Battle of the Somme , and on the 25th of June , 1916 , 15 Drachen balloons were attacked , and six set alight . At least one RFC Nieuport 16 , and possibly more were converted into high speed photo-reconnaissance aircraft by the RFC , including A208 from No.60 Squadron . Some surviving examples were used after they had been replaced in operational service as trainers at the Scout School formed at Saint-Omer .
The Imperial Russian Air Service also operated a relatively small number of Nieuport 16s while they also awaited the arrival of the Nieuport 17 , however surviving records are not clear how many as they did n't distinguish between the two types , and referred to both as Nieuport 16s .
Operators
Aviation Militaire Belge
1ère Escadrille de Chasse
Aéronautique Militaire
Escadrille N.12
Escadrille N.23
Escadrille N.31
Escadrille N.38
Escadrille N.48
Escadrille N.49
Escadrille N.57
Escadrille N.68
Escadrille N.73
Escadrille N.75
Escadrille N.77
Escadrille N.102
Escadrille N.112
Escadrille N.124
Groupement de Combat de Somme
Escadrille N.3
Escadrille N.26
Escadrille N.103
Groupement de Chasse Cachy
Escadrille N.15
Escadrille N.23
Escadrille N.37
Escadrille N.62
Escadrille N.65
Escadrille N.67
Escadrille N.69
Aéronautique Navale
Escadrille de chasse terrestre du CAM de Dunkerque - operated one Nieuport 16 , N1354 from June 1916 to July 1917 .
Imperial Russian Air Force - some built under licence by Dux
11th Corps Detachment
19th Corps Detachment
2nd Combat Air Group
Royal Flying Corps - operated 25 Nieuport 16s delivered from 16 April to 6 August 1916 .
No . 1 Squadron RFC
No . 3 Squadron RFC
No . 11 Squadron RFC
No . 29 Squadron RFC - withdrawn in April 1917 as last operational RFC unit with Nieuport 16s .
No . 60 Squadron RFC
No . 64 Squadron RFC
Specifications ( Nieuport 16 C.1 )
See also
References
Notes
Citations
Bibliography
1910s French fighter aircraft
016
Sesquiplanes
Aircraft first flown in 1916
Single-engined tractor aircraft
Rotary-engined aircraft
The 1980–81 Norwegian 1 . Divisjon season was the 42nd season of ice hockey in Norway . Ten teams participated in the league , and Stjernen won the championship .
Regular season
Playoffs
External links
Norwegian Ice Hockey Federation
Nor
GET-ligaen seasons
1980 in Norwegian sport
1981 in Norwegian sport
Rangeelay Jasoos ( ) is a Pakistani movie written by Bashir Niaz , directed by Iqbal Kashmiri , and produced by S.A. Gul under the banner of Evernew Pictures . The movie features Jehanzeb , Ghulam Mohiuddin , Sultan Rahi , Neeli and Rangeela . The movie was released on 14 July 1989 on Eid ul Adha .
Cast
Jehanzeb
Ghulam Mohiuddin
Sultan Rahi
Rangeela
Neeli
Naghma
Jawed Sheikh
Humayun Qureshi
References
External links
1989 films
Pakistani action films
Films shot in the Philippines
Punjabi-language Pakistani films
Svend Blitskov is a Danish lightweight rower . He won a gold medal at the 1992 World Rowing Championships in Montreal with the lightweight men 's eight .
References
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Danish male rowers
World Rowing Championships medalists for Denmark
Living people
Max Raoul or Vandière , real name Raoul François Chapais , ( c.1770 – Paris 5 March 1839 ) was a 19th-century French playwright .
A former employee at the customs in Rouen , his plays were presented on several Parisian stages of the 19th century , including the Théâtre du Palais-Royal , the Théâtre du Gymnase-Dramatique , and the Théâtre du Vaudeville .
Works
1804 : La Voix du parterre
1817 : L'Original et la copie , tales
1821 : L'Amant bossu , comédie-vaudeville in 1 act , with Eugène Scribe and Mélesville
1827 : Recette pour marier sa fille , comédie-vaudeville in 1 act , with Mélesville
1832 : Une Affaire d'honneur , comédie-vaudeville in 1 act
1832 : La Prise de voile , drama in 2 acts , mingled with songs
1834 : Le Château d'Urtuby , opéra comique in 1 act , with Gabriel de Lurieu and Henri-Montan Berton
1835 : Dolly ou Le cœur d'une femme , drama in 3 acts , with Thomas Sauvage and de Lurieu
1839 : Mme de Brienne , drama in 2 acts , with Saint-Yves
Bibliography
Joseph Marie Quérard , Les supercheries littéraires dévoilées : Galérie des auteurs apocryphes , 1847 ,
J-M Quérard , La France littéraire , 1857 ,
19th-century French dramatists and playwrights
Year of birth missing
1839 deaths
Houser Peak ( ) is a peak , high , between Tofani Glacier and Franca Glacier at the head of Solberg Inlet , Bowman Coast , Antarctica . The peak was photographed from the air by the United States Antarctic Service , 1940 , the U.S. Navy , 1966 , and was surveyed by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey , 1946–48 . It was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names in 1977 for Elaine Houser , an administrative officer with Holmes and Narver , Inc. , which from the 1968–69 season through 1979–80 , provided engineering , construction , and general support services to United States Antarctic Research Program stations in Antarctica .
References
Mountains of Graham Land
Bowman Coast
Hacoda , also known as Martha , is an unincorporated community in Geneva County , Alabama , United States . Hacoda is located on Alabama State Route 54 , west-southwest of Samson .
History
The community was first called Martha , in honor of the wife of the first postmaster . The name was later changed to Hacoda in 1904 . Hacoda is an acronym created from the surnames of three local businessmen—Hart , Coleman , and Davis . A post office operated under the name Martha from 1882 to 1904 , and under the name Hacoda from 1904 to 1956 .
References
Unincorporated communities in Geneva County , Alabama
Unincorporated communities in Alabama
Tennessee Pass may refer to :
Tennessee Pass ( Colorado ) , a mountain pass between Eagle and Lake counties , Colorado , United States .
Tennessee Pass Line , a closed rail line over the pass
Tennessee Pass ( Oregon ) , a mountain pass in Josephine County , Oregon , United States .
See also
Harri Morris is a Scottish rugby union player for Edinburgh in the Pro14 . Morris ' primary position is flanker .
Rugby Union career
Early life
Morris began playing rugby with Southport RFC in England , before moving to Scotland aged 15 .
Professional career
Morris was announced in Edinburgh 's squad ahead of their Round 4 Pro14 Rainbow Cup match against . He made his Pro14 debut in the same match , coming on as a replacement .
External links
Ultimate Rugby Profile
References
Living people
Scottish rugby union players
Edinburgh Rugby players
Rugby union flankers
Year of birth missing ( living people )
The Guy Fawkes mask is a stylised depiction of Guy Fawkes , the best-known member of the Gunpowder Plot , an attempt to blow up the House of Lords in London on 5November 1605 . The use of a mask on an effigy has long roots as part of Guy Fawkes Night celebrations .
Illustrator David Lloyd stylised a smiling face with red cheeks , a wide moustache upturned at both ends , and a thin vertical pointed beard ; the design came to represent broad protest after it was used as a major plot element in V for Vendetta ( 1982–1989 ) and its 2005 film adaptation . After appearing in Web forums it became a well-known symbol for the online hacktivist group Anonymous , used in Project Chanology , the Occupy movement , Anonymous for the Voiceless , and other anti-establishment protests around the world . This has led to the popular name Anonymous mask .
Origins
The Gunpowder Plot of 1605 was commemorated from early on by burning effigies of unpopular figures . Towards the end of the 18th century , reports appeared of children begging for money with grotesquely masked effigies of Guy Fawkes , and 5November gradually became known as Guy Fawkes Night , although many now prefer the term `` Bonfire Night '' . From the 1864 Chambers Book of Days :
In 1847 , The Lancet published `` Notes of A Case of Death From Fright , '' in which the death of a two-year-old was attributed to the fright caused by seeing a boy wearing a red Guy Fawkes mask .
In the 20th century , in the UK , large numbers of cheap cardboard or paper Guy Fawkes masks were sold to children each autumn or given out free with comics ; by the 1980s their popularity became increasingly supplanted by Halloween . In 1958 , wearing Guy Fawkes masks was mentioned during a debate in the Parliament of Western Australia as an example of harmless and excusable ( though technically unlawful ) possession of a face mask at night . J.J. Brady said , `` at one time it was traditional to wear masks on Guy Fawkes night . So , if tonight anyone is found wearing a Guy Fawkes mask I , as Minister for Police , will see that he is duly excused . ''
The British comic book series V for Vendetta , which started in 1982 , `` centers on a vigilante 's efforts to destroy an authoritarian government in a dystopian future United Kingdom '' . Its main character wears a Guy Fawkes mask , and in the climax of the 2005 film adaptation , thousands of protesters adopt the same costume as they march on Parliament .
When developing the story , illustrator David Lloyd made a handwritten note : `` Why do n't we portray him as a resurrected Guy Fawkes , complete with one of those papier-mâché masks , in a cape and a conical hat ? He 'd look really bizarre and it would give Guy Fawkes the image he 's deserved all these years . We should n't burn the chap every Nov. 5th but celebrate his attempt to blow up Parliament ! '' Writer Alan Moore commented that , due to Lloyd 's idea , `` All of the various fragments in my head suddenly fell into place , united behind the single image of a Guy Fawkes mask . '' He also noted `` how interesting it was that we should have taken up the image right at the point where it was apparently being purged from the annals of English iconography . ''
Adoption by protesters
Background
Since the 2005 release of the film V for Vendetta , the use of Guy Fawkes masks has become widespread internationally among groups protesting against politicians , banks , and financial institutions . The masks both conceal the identity and protect the face of individuals and demonstrate their commitment to a shared cause .
The character developed as an Internet meme , common on imageboards such as 4chan as well as on video-sharing based Web sites such as YouTube . Initially the character , a stick figure who failed at everything , emerged and became known as `` Epic Fail Guy '' ( EFG ) . For reasons that have never been explained , it was increasingly shown as wearing a V for Vendetta Guy Fawkes mask ( though this is likely a reference to the fact that Guy Fawkes failed to complete the gunpowder plot ) .
On 17 April 2006 a pair of rival groups wearing Fawkes masks confronted each other outside the New York City offices of Warner Brothers and DC Comics . One group , led by freegan Adam Weismann , protested against a perceived misrepresentation of the Anarchist movement in the film V for Vendetta . The other group , led by libertarian Todd Seavey , counter-protested against the anarchists , wearing masks purportedly supplied by a Time Warner employee .
In April 2016 Anonymous for the Voiceless was created ; they also use the mask while spreading veganism .
Anonymous
The mask became associated with the hacktivism group Anonymous 's Project Chanology protests against the Church of Scientology in 2008 . The group protested the Church of Scientology in response to the Church forcing YouTube to pull a video of Tom Cruise discussing Scientology that was meant for internal use within the Church . In response , Anonymous protested the litigious methods of the Church of Scientology over a period of several months . Protesters were encouraged to hide their faces , since it was common practice for Church members to photograph anti-Scientology protesters . The Guy Fawkes mask was a widely used method of hiding faces .
As the protests continued , more protesters began opting to use the Guy Fawkes mask , which eventually took on symbolic status within the group . Scott Stewart of University of Nebraska at Omaha 's The Gateway wrote : `` Many participants sported Guy Fawkes masks to draw attention both to their identity as Anonymous and the Church of Scientology 's abuse of litigation and coercion to suppress anti-Scientology viewpoints . '' The Internet-based group then adopted the character for its wider protests against authority .
Wider use in popular protest
On 23 May 2009 , protesters wearing the mask detonated a fake barrel of gunpowder outside Parliament while protesting over the issue of British MPs ' expenses .
During the 2011 Wisconsin protests , and then during the subsequent Occupy Wall Street and the ongoing Occupy movement , the mask appeared internationally as a symbol of popular rebellion . In October 2011 , campaigner Julian Assange attended the Occupy London Stock Exchange protest wearing such a mask , which he removed after a request by the police .
In January 2012 , Guy Fawkes masks were used by protesters against Poland 's signing of ACTA .
On 10 June 2012 , in Mumbai , India , a group of 100 Anonymous members and college students gathered at Azad Maidan , dressed all in black and wearing Guy Fawkes masks , to protest against the Indian Government 's censorship of the Internet .
The mask , used by Bahraini protesters during the Arab Spring-inspired Bahraini uprising , was banned in the country in February 2013 , a few months after a similar decision by the United Arab Emirates , another Persian Gulf country . The Industry and Commerce Ministry of Bahrain said the ban on importing the mask , which it referred to as `` revolution mask '' , was due to concerns over `` public safety '' . The decision , described by Voice of America as `` unusual '' , marked one of the latest in government efforts to suppress the two-year-old uprising . However , a British-based rights activist and Samuel Muston of The Independent downplayed the effect of the ban . The Manama Voice reported that use of mask in protests increased following the ban .
The masks were used by anti-government protesters in Thailand in 2012 , and by protesters in Turkey in 2013 . They were also used in protests in Brazil and Egypt in 2013 .
In May 2013 , the government of Saudi Arabia banned the importation of the masks , and said it would confiscate any found to be for sale . The Ministry of Islamic Affairs stated that the mask is `` a symbol of rebels and revenge '' , and warned imams and parents that `` they could be used to incite the youth to destabilize security and spread chaos ... '' On 22 September 2013 , Saudi religious police prohibited the wearing of the Guy Fawkes mask , the day before Saudi Arabia 's 83rd National Day .
The wearing of masks during a riot or unlawful assembly has been banned in Canada , following the enactment of Bill C-309 , and now carries a maximum ten-year prison sentence .
Participants in the 2014 Venezuelan protests carried a wide variety of masks ; one of them was the Guy Fawkes mask , sometimes painted with the colours of the Venezuelan flag .
In October 2019 protesters in Hong Kong started using the mask in opposition to the government 's banning the use of masks during protests .
Guy Fawkes masks were among the symbols displayed during the 2021 storming of the United States Capitol .
Views of Moore and Lloyd
Alan Moore , anarchist and author of V for Vendetta , has supported use of the mask , and stated in a 2008 interview with Entertainment Weekly , `` I was also quite heartened the other day when watching the news to see that there were demonstrations outside the Scientology headquarters over here , and that they suddenly flashed to a clip showing all these demonstrators wearing V for Vendetta Guy Fawkes masks . That pleased me . That gave me a warm little glow . '' Whilst Moore did not create such a character for the purposes it has served he explains to The Guardian , `` suppose when I was writing V for Vendetta I would in my secret heart of hearts have thought : would n't it be great if these ideas actually made an impact ? So when you start to see that idle fantasy intrude on the regular world ... It 's peculiar . It feels like a character I created 30 years ago has somehow escaped the realm of fiction . ''
V for Vendetta illustrator and co-creator David Lloyd :
Sales and corporate ownership of rights
According to Time in 2011 , the protesters ' adoption of the mask had led to it becoming the top-selling mask on Amazon.com , selling hundreds of thousands a year . Warner Bros . Discovery , which owns Warner Bros. and DC Comics , owns the rights to the image and is paid a fee with the sale of each official mask .
See also
Anti-mask law
Richard Nixon mask
References
Further reading
External links
Anonymous ( hacker group )
Cultural depictions of Guy Fawkes
Masks in Europe
Internet memes
Halloween costume
Political masks
V for Vendetta
Manfredi is a surname .
Manfredi may also refer to :
Given name
Manfredi Chiaramonte ( died 1391 ) , Sicilian nobleman
Manfredi Nicoletti ( 1930–2017 ) , Italian architect
Manfredi Beninati ( born 1970 ) , Italian artist
Other uses
Rocca dei Rettori or Castle of Manfredi , in Benevento , Italy
13225 Manfredi , an asteroid
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1573 .
Events
Torquato Tasso 's pastoral play Aminta is first performed by I Gelosi in palace gardens in Ferrara .
New books
Drama
Anonymous – New Custom ( published )
Jean de La Taille – La Famine , ou les Gabéonites
George Gascoigne ( published in A Hundred Sundry Flowers )
Jocasta
Supposes
The Montague Masque
Torquato Tasso – Aminta
Poetry
Jean-Antoine de Baïf – Œuvres en rime ( Works in verse )
George Gascoigne – A Hundred Sundry Flowers Bound Up in One Small Poesy ... ( first collected edition of his verse and drama )
See also 1573 in poetry
Births
November 30 – Aubert Miraeus , Netherlandish ecclesiastical historian ( died 1640 in literature )
December 21 – Mathurin Régnier , French satirist ( died 1613 in literature )
Unknown dates
Severin Binius , German historian ( died 1641 in literature )
Daniel Naborowski , Polish poet ( died 1640 in literature )
Approximate year of birth – Samuel Rowlands , English prose and verse pamphleteer ( died 1630 )
Deaths
January 1 – Johann Pfeffinger , German Protestant theologian ( born 1493 )
February – William Lauder , Scottish poet ( born c. 1520 )
May 14 ( burial ) – Richard Grafton , English merchant and printer ( born c.1506/7 )
July – Étienne Jodelle , French dramatist and poet ( born 1532 )
October 24 – François Baudouin , French controversialist and historian ( born 1520 )
November 17 – Juan Ginés de Sepúlveda , Spanish philosopher and theologian ( born 1494 )
December – Donato Giannotti , Italian political writer , playwright and poet ( born 1492 )
December 30 – Giovanni Battista Giraldi , Italian novelist and poet ( born 1504 )
Late – Reginald Wolfe , English printer
Unknown dates
Richard Grafton , English chronicler and King 's Printer ( born c. 1506–1511 )
Paul Skalich , Croatian encyclopedist ( born 1534 )
References
Years of the 16th century in literature
is a song by Japanese rock band Asian Kung-Fu Generation . It was released as the lead single of their second full-length studio album , Sol-fa , on April 4 , 2004 . With the band 's then-newly emerging popularity , the single managed to debut at number two on the Oricon charts . Although the song 's B-side , `` Siren # , '' shares a nearly identical title with the single , the two are somewhat different from each other . While both retain the same instrumental , the lyrics and melody of `` Siren # '' are different from that of `` Siren . '' In a sense , `` Siren # '' can be considered a continuation or a remix of its A-side .
Music video
The music video for `` Siren '' and `` Siren # '' were directed by Toshiaki Toyoda . The video presented a sweeping tour past a suspension bridge and through a city by translucent astral projections of the band . As the end of the song , Masafumi Gotoh walk toward the camera , put his hand in front of it and then he slowly disappeared . For `` Siren # '' , the video presented in the same way as Siren , but with different scenes . The Siren # video ends with Gotoh followed by other members exit from film set .
Track listing
Personnel
Masafumi Gotoh – lead vocals , rhythm guitar
Kensuke Kita – lead guitar , background vocals
Takahiro Yamada – bass , background vocals
Kiyoshi Ijichi – drums
Asian Kung-Fu Generation – producer
Tohru Takayama – mixing
Mitsuharu Harada – mastering
Kenichi Nakamura – recording
Yusuke Nakamura – single cover art
Charts
References
Asian Kung-Fu Generation songs
2004 singles
Songs written by Masafumi Gotoh
Songs written by Takahiro Yamada ( musician )
2004 songs
Ki/oon Music singles
Uaica is a hunter in the story `` The Sleep Tree '' of the Karajá and Apinaye people of the rain forests in the central and northern Amazonian plateau .
External links
The Story of Uaica
`` The Dreaming Tree ''
Indigenous culture of Eastern Brazil
Amazon mythology
Brazilian mythology
Heroes in mythology and legend
Football Club Inhulets Petrove ( ) is a professional Ukrainian football club from the town of Petrove , Kirovohrad Oblast that competes in the Ukrainian Premier League following the promotion from 2019–20 Ukrainian First League . The club colours are yellow and red .
History
The club was founded in the spring of 2013 under the name FC Ahrofirma Pyatykhatska Volodymyrivka because the team sponsorship was one of the largest agricultural enterprises of Kirovohrad region . The president of the club was also the enterprise 's president – Oleksandr Povorozniuk who previously was a president of FC Desna Chernihiv . In their first season Ahrofirma Piatykhatska was runner-up in the Kirovohrad Oblast Cup . In 2013–2014 , the club competed in both Kirovohrad Oblast and Dnipropetrovsk Oblast regional football competitions .
Club President Oleksandr Povorozniuk initiated a children 's football teams in every village of the Petrove Raion .
The club in 2014 competed in the Ukrainian Football Amateur League and were beaten finalists in the championship game .
In February 2015 , the club was renamed to Inhulets . The club again competed in the 2015 Amateur Championship but during the season the club entered the professional ranks and joined the PFL entering into the Ukrainian Second League . Inhulets Petrove continued its participation among amateurs with its second team , FC Inhulets-2 Petrove .
In their first season , the club were promoted to the Ukrainian First League .
In 2015 Inhulets competed at the 2015 UEFA Regions ' Cup as `` AF Pyatykhatska '' representing Ukraine .
In 2019 , the club reached one of its greatest achievements , arriving at the final of its national cup . The game ended with a 4-0 defeat by Shakhtar Donetsk .
At the end of the 2019-20 season , Inhulets was promoted to the Ukrainian Premier League for the first time in their history .
Images
Honours and distinctions
Domestic competitions
Ukrainian Cup
Runners–up ( 1 ) : 2018–19
Ukrainian Amateur Football Championship
Runners–up ( 1 ) : 2014
Ukrainian Amateur Cup
Winners ( 1 ) : 2014
Kirovohrad Oblast Championship
Winners ( 1 ) : 2014
Runners–up ( 1 ) : 2013
Individual Player & Coach awards
Best Player of Ukrainian First League
Nika Sichinava 2019–20
League and cup history
{ |class= '' wikitable ''
|-bgcolor= '' # efefef ''
! Season
! Div .
! Pos .
! Pl .
! W
! D
! L
! GS
! GA
! P
! Domestic Cup
! colspan=2|Other
! Notes
|-
|align=center colspan=14|AF Piatykhatska Volodymyrivka
|-bgcolor=SteelBlue
|align=center rowspan=2|2014
|align=center rowspan=2|4th
|align=center|1
|align=center|6
|align=center|4
|align=center|1
|align=center|1
|align=center|27
|align=center|8
|align=center|13
|align=center rowspan=2 bgcolor=gold|Amateur CupWinners
|align=center rowspan=2|
|align=center rowspan=2|
|align=center|
|-bgcolor=SteelBlue
|align=center|1
|align=center|3
|align=center|2
|align=center|1
|align=center|0
|align=center|5
|align=center|2
|align=center|7
|align=center bgcolor=silver|Runners-up
|-
|align=center colspan=14|Inhulets Petrove
|-bgcolor=SteelBlue
|align=center rowspan=2|2015
|align=center rowspan=2|4th
|align=center|1
|align=center|6
|align=center|4
|align=center|0
|align=center|2
|align=center|9
|align=center|4
|align=center|12
|align=center rowspan=2|
|align=center rowspan=2|RC
|align=center rowspan=2|Group stage
|align=center|
|-bgcolor=SteelBlue
|align=center|2
|align=center|10
|align=center|6
|align=center|0
|align=center|4
|align=center|16
|align=center|8
|align=center|18
|align=center bgcolor=lightgreen|
|-bgcolor=PowderBlue
|align=center|2015–16
|align=center|3rd
|align=center bgcolor=tan|3/14
|align=center|26
|align=center|14
|align=center|8
|align=center|4
|align=center|37
|align=center|16
|align=center|50
|align=center| finals
|align=center|
|align=center|
|align=center bgcolor=lightgreen|Promoted
|-bgcolor=LightCyan
|align=center|2016–17
|align=center rowspan=4|2nd
|align=center|13/18
|align=center|34
|align=center|10
|align=center|8
|align=center|16
|align=center|33
|align=center|45
|align=center|38
|align=center| finals
|align=center|
|align=center|
|align=center|
|-bgcolor=LightCyan
|align=center|2017–18
|align=center|4/18
|align=center|34
|align=center|21
|align=center|6
|align=center|7
|align=center|46
|align=center|20
|align=center|69
|align=center| finals
|align=center|
|align=center|
|align=center|
|-bgcolor=LightCyan
|align=center|2018–19
|align=center|7/15
|align=center|28
|align=center|11
|align=center|9
|align=center|8
|align=center|35
|align=center|32
|align=center|42
|align=center bgcolor=silver|Final
|align=center|
|align=center|
|align=center|
|-bgcolor=LightCyan
|align=center|2019–20
|align=center bgcolor=tan|3/16
|align=center|30
|align=center|17
|align=center|9
|align=center|4
|align=center|47
|align=center|22
|align=center|60
|align=center| finals
|align=center|
|align=center|
|align=center bgcolor=lightgreen|Promoted
|-bgcolor=White
|align=center|2020–21
|align=center rowspan=1|1st
|align=center|12/14
|align=center|26
|align=center|5
|align=center|11
|align=center|10
|align=center|24
|align=center| 39
|align=center|26
|align=center| finals
|align=center|
|align=center|
|align=center|
| }
Notes :
Players
Current squad
Other players under contract
Out on loan
Europe competitions
In 2015 , `` Inhulets '' competed at the 2015 UEFA Regions ' Cup as `` AF Pyatykhatska '' representing Ukraine . Entering the competition at the intermediate group stage ( total 3 stages ) and playing in Moldova , the team was not able to qualify for final tournament in the Republic of Ireland .
For the 2017 UEFA Regions ' Cup where Ukraine was represented by a team of Kirovohrad Oblast ( Kirovograd Region according to the UEFA ) , which was composed out of the Inhulets ' reserve team , UEFA admitted the team under the name of `` Ingulee , Kirovograd Region '' . Entering the competition again at the intermediate group stage which was played in Malta , the team was able to qualify for the final tournament in Turkey .
List of managers
2013 Valeriy Len
2013–2015 Ruslan Pereverziy
2015 Viktor Bohatyr
2015–2016 Eduard Khavrov
2016 Dmytro Kolodyn
2016– Serhiy Lavrynenko
Administrative and coaching staff
See also
FC Inhulets-2 Petrove
References
External links
Official website
Inhulets Petrove at the Professional Football League of Ukraine
Media
Telegram
Facebook
Youtube
Instagram
Ukrainian Premier League clubs
Football clubs in Kirovohrad Oblast
Association football clubs established in 2013
2013 establishments in Ukraine
John Arthur McCue ( September 17 , 1912 - May 26 , 1958 ) was a Canadian politician , who represented Lanark in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1957 to 1958 as a Progressive Conservative member .
Background
McCue was born in Lanark County , Ontario and received his medical training at Queen 's University in Kingston , Ontario and then did postgraduate work in hospitals in Kingston , Cleveland , Ohio and New York City . In 1938 , he returned to Smith 's Falls where he established a private medical practice . In 1939 , he joined the Royal Canadian Army Medical Corps and served overseas with the 1st Field Ambulance . Upon returning , after the war , he was active in a variety of medical associations , including serving as the President of the Smith 's Falls and Lanark County Medical Association and Chairman of the Ontario Medical Association 's General Practice Section .
On May 26 , 1958 , McCue was found dead in his bed at home . A note was found beside his bed saying that no person was involved in any way in taking his life nor was anyone to blame . He said in his note that he `` simply could not carry on any longer . '' Death was attributed to a toxic drug overdose . He was married with four children .
Politics
McCue was elected in a by-election to replace George Doucett who had resigned his provincial seat in order to run in a federal by-election in the riding . He defeated Liberal candidate Scott Burchell by a wide margin . McCue served as a backbench member of the Leslie Frost majority Progressive Conservative government .
He died , at age 45 , only seven months after being elected , forcing another by-election , which was won by his successor as PC candidate , George Ellis Gomme .
References
External links
1912 births
1958 deaths
Progressive Conservative Party of Ontario MPPs
Ladies of Washington is a 1944 American drama film directed by Louis King and starring Trudy Marshall , Ronald Graham and Anthony Quinn . It concentrates on a group of young women employed by the federal government in wartime Washington D.C. , one of whom becomes involved with an enemy agent .
The film 's sets were designed by the art directors James Basevi and Leland Fuller .
Cast
Trudy Marshall as Carol Northrup
Ronald Graham as Dr. Hugh Mayberry
Anthony Quinn as Michael Romanescue
Sheila Ryan as Jerry Dailey
Robert Bailey as Dr. Stephen Craig
Beverly Whitney as Helen
Jackie Paley as Adelaide
Carleton G. Young as Federal Investigator
John Philliber as Mother Henry
Robin Raymond as Vicky O'Reilly
Doris Merrick as Susan
Lela Bliss as Taxi Passenger
Barbara Booth as Betty
Charles D. Brown as Inspector Saunders
Lucile Browne as Taxi Passenger
Walter Clinton as Waiter
Ruby Dandridge as Nellie
Jo-Carroll Dennison as Frieda
Harry Depp as Mr. Wethering
Herbert Evans as Night Club Patron
Mary Field as Nurse 's Aide
Bess Flowers as Woman Seeking Taxi
Byron Foulger as Desk Clerk
Inna Gest as Dorothy
Jody Gilbert as Nurse 's Aide
Jane Hale as Minor Role
Edna Mae Jones as Amy
Rosalind Keith as Nurse
J. Farrell MacDonald as Night Watchman
Bert McClay as Ensign
Sue Moore as Taxi Driver
George N. Neise as Radio Commentator
Lillian Porter as Marjorie
Cyril Ring as Crane 's Secretary
Harry Shannon as Police Lt. Lake
Lee Shumway as Police Sgt . Martin
Larry Thompson as Federal Agent
Robert Tiernan as Clerk
Tom Tyler as Federal Agent
John Wald as Radio Commentator
Nella Walker as Mrs. Crane
Pierre Watkin as Dr. John Crane
Claire Whitney as Taxi Passenger
References
Bibliography
Rowan , Terry . World War II Goes to the Movies & Television Guide : Volume II .
External links
1944 films
1940s spy drama films
American spy drama films
Films directed by Louis King
20th Century Fox films
Films scored by Cyril J. Mockridge
Films set in Washington , D.C .
Films set on the home front during World War II
Films with screenplays by Wanda Tuchock
World War II spy films
American black-and-white films
1944 drama films
1940s English-language films
1940s American films
Dogofry is a rural commune in the Cercle of Nara in the Koulikoro Region of south-western Mali . The commune contains 28 villages and in the 2009 census had a population of 34,336 . The main village is Ballé .
External links
.
References
Communes of Koulikoro Region
Felix Barrientos ( born 20 November 1967 ) is a former professional tennis player from the Philippines .
Biography
Barrientos was a highly ranked player on the juniors circuit , most notably reaching the semi-finals of the boys ' singles at the 1985 Wimbledon Championships .
Having attended Colegio San Agustin in Makati , he played American collegiate tennis at Louisiana State University ( LSU ) on a scholarship and was a member of the team which reached the final of the 1988 NCAA Division I Men 's Tennis Championships . In the final against Stanford he won in the singles against Patrick McEnroe , but LSU still lost the finals series 2–5 .
A right-handed player , Barrientos won several medals for the Philippines at the Southeast Asian Games , three of them gold medals , including in the men 's singles when Manila hosted the event in 1991 .
As a professional player he was ranked as high as 180 , breaking into the top 200 after he made the quarter-finals of the Hong Kong Open in 1991 , during which he had a win over Kevin Curren . His other singles main draw appearance on the ATP Tour came at the 1991 Queen 's Club Championships , then at Taipei the following year , for first round losses to Pat Cash and John Fitzgerald respectively .
Barrientos was a regular member of the Philippines Davis Cup team during his career and featured in a total of 15 ties , for an 18/5 win–loss record in singles and overall record of 26/10 . In 1991 he helped the Philippines reach the World Group playoffs .
Now based in Singapore , Barrientos works in private banking for LGT .
References
External links
1967 births
Living people
Filipino male tennis players
LSU Tigers tennis players
Sportspeople from Manila
Filipino expatriates in Singapore
Southeast Asian Games medalists in tennis
Southeast Asian Games gold medalists for the Philippines
Southeast Asian Games competitors for the Philippines
Southeast Asian Games silver medalists for the Philippines
Southeast Asian Games bronze medalists for the Philippines
Competitors at the 1991 Southeast Asian Games
Competitors at the 1993 Southeast Asian Games
Filipino expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Jean DeWolff is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics . She is a New York City police detective , and a supporting character in stories featuring the superhero Spider-Man . Introduced in Marvel Team-Up # 48 ( August 1976 ) and created by Bill Mantlo and Sal Buscema , DeWolff is portrayed as tough and unrelenting , the result of her difficult childhood and teenage years , yet supporting of superheroes , especially Spider-Man , for whom she secretly develops romantic feelings . The 1985 storyline `` The Death of Jean DeWolff '' depicts the character 's death at the hands of her partner and lover , Stanley Carter , who had become the murderous vigilante `` Sin-Eater '' .
Publication history
Jean DeWolff first appeared in Marvel Team-Up # 48-51 ( August–November 1976 ) , and was created by Bill Mantlo and Sal Buscema . She was one of the few supporting cast members in Marvel Team-Up . DeWolff subsequently appeared in Marvel Team-Up # 60-62 ( August–October 1977 ) , # 65-66 ( January–February 1978 ) , # 72 ( August 1978 ) , # 88 ( December 1979 ) , Ms. Marvel # 6-7 ( June–July 1977 ) , The Amazing Spider-Man # 226 ( March–April 1982 ) , # 239 ( April 1983 ) , and The Spectacular Spider-Man # 103 ( June 1985 ) .
The character was killed off in the storyline `` The Death of Jean DeWolff '' , spanning The Spectacular Spider-Man # 107-110 ( October 1985 – January 1986 ) . She has since made posthumous appearances in The Sensational She-Hulk # 53 ( July 1993 ) , Venom Super Special # 1 ( August 1995 ) , and Spider-Man/Human Torch # 4 ( June 2005 ) .
Jean DeWolff received an entry in the Official Handbook of the Marvel Universe Deluxe Edition # 17 , and The Official Handbook of the Marvel Universe : Spider-Man # 1 ( 2005 ) and The Official Handbook of the Ultimate Marvel Universe : Fantastic Four and Spider-Man # 1 ( 2005 ) .
In 2010 , comics journalist Jonathan Miller described DeWolff as `` a secondary character that could facilitate a sense of continuity [ in Marvel Team-Up ] , someone who knew only the costumed side of Peter 's personality , and yet had a genuine relationship with him . Hard-edged and no-nonsense , DeWolff usually made her entrance in her vintage roadster , cigarette dangling from the corner of her mouth , a modern , post-feminist take on the classic tough-guy heroes of Dashiell Hammett and Mickey Spillane '' .
Fictional character biography
Early history
Jean 's first rejection comes as a child from her harsh and disapproving father Phillip DeWolff , an officer of the NYPD , who resents having a daughter rather than another son . Her mother Celia gets divorced from Phillip six months after Jean 's birth , taking her older brother Brian DeWolff with her . Jean and Brian develop a close and loving relationship over the years despite their parents ' separation . Four years after the divorce , Celia marries police patrolman Carl Weatherby , who gives Jean the love she never got from her real father . Inspired by Carl , Jean joins the police academy as an adult , but this breaks Celia 's heart , as she views the police force as a source of stress and danger . It also angers her father , who is now the New York police commissioner ; he dismisses Jean and other women as unfit for police duty while showering praise on Brian for joining the NYPD after graduating top of his class at the academy . Just before Jean graduates from the academy , witnesses see Brian shot in the line of duty , but the body disappears before police or rescue services arrive . Phillip retires as police commissioner soon afterward .
Driven by resentment towards her disapproving parents and fueled by anger and grief over Brian 's apparent death , DeWolff grows into a tough , unrelenting police officer . She quickly rises in the ranks , becoming a detective and then a sergeant , known for her no-nonsense attitude , as well as her vintage car and preference for 1930s-style clothing . Just over two years after her father 's retirement , DeWolff is promoted by his successor to the rank of captain , running Manhattan 's 5th precinct .
While investigating bombings by a criminal known only as the Wraith , DeWolff discovers Spider-Man and Iron Man are also looking into the matter . While many in the NYPD do n't care for super-powered vigilantes , Jean sees value in the web-slinger and the armored Avenger and openly asks them for assistance , going so far as to allow the two access to precinct files . The two heroes , along with Doctor Strange , help DeWolff discover that the Wraith is her psionically-powered brother who is alive but in a coma , his actions the result of her corrupt father 's machinations . Doctor Strange 's combination of magic and surgical skills restores Brian 's mind . Phillip is sent to prison , and Jean welcomes her brother back as he rejoins the NYPD .
The DeWolff siblings continue to aid superheroes on different occasions , with Jean developing a regular working relationship and friendship with Spider-Man , despite her acerbic attitude and the web-slinger 's need to keep his identity and full life separate . On Spider-Man 's request , DeWolff even draws up amnesty papers for the Black Cat so she can retire from crime and become Spider-Man 's romantic partner and ally in crime-fighting . When the Black Cat is later seriously injured and hospitalized , DeWolff personally assigns her a protection detail in case any enemies try to take advantage of the situation .
Death
Jean later receives former S.H.I.E.L.D . agent Stanley Carter as her partner , and the two develop a close bond , eventually becoming lovers . Unbeknownst to Jean , however , Carter has an obsession with punishing criminals , which is only worsened by his experiences as a cop , to the point where he decides all `` sinners '' need to die . Suffering a psychotic break , Carter , now calling himself the `` Sin-Eater '' , embarks on a killing spree , resulting in DeWolff being shot dead in her home and Spider-Man embarking on a quest for revenge . Eventually , Spider-Man and Daredevil bring Sin-Eater to justice .
Following Jean 's death , Spider-Man discovers the woman kept a collection of news clippings , as well as a photo of Spider-Man with Black Cat that was cut to remove the latter from the image . Spider-Man is shocked by the implication that Jean had unspoken feelings for him over the years . It is later revealed that when Spider-Man temporarily used the Venom symbiote as a costume , Jean spoke to Spider-Man about her feelings , saying the hero was the only other person she felt she could rely on and she loved him , not knowing that the alien symbiote was in control and lacked a full understanding of human behavior . When Spider-Man silently leaned in for a kiss ( the alien symbiote believing this was the expected human response to words of love ) , DeWolff seemed to feel awkward and clarified that she loved him as a friend , adding that she would prefer never to speak about this conversation again .
Jean 's death also drives her family apart : Celia blames Carl for her daughter 's death as Carl had inspired her to join the police force in the first place . Driven mad with grief over Sin-Eater 's murder of his sister , Brian declares vengeance against the entire NYPD before being shot and killed with an explosive bullet by a lethal vigilante .
Post-mortem
Years after Jean 's death , her close friend Yuri Watanabe , who had also risen to the rank of Captain and used her position to assist Spider-Man , adopts the Wraith identity after losing faith in the law 's ability to punish criminals . She wears a mask of Jean 's face originally created by the Chameleon under her Wraith costume , as both a means of hiding her true identity and frightening criminals into believing that the Wraith was Jean 's vengeful spirit risen to continue fighting crime .
A clone of Jean appears during the Dead No More : The Clone Conspiracy event . This clone , a `` reanimate '' with all of Jean 's memories including her death , lives in a special facility called `` Haven '' and is created by a villain wishing to gain Spider-Man 's cooperation by resurrecting all those whose deaths haunt the web-slinger . A machine connected to Haven is later activated that destabilizes the bodies of the reanimates , making them vulnerable to infection by the deadly Carrion virus dormant in their clone cells . Several reanimates attempt to escape , hoping their bodies will stabilize if they are far enough away from Haven . Realizing that fleeing means potentially transmitting the Carrion virus to innocent people outside of Haven , Jean 's clone assists Spider-Man in stopping any clones from escaping . During her efforts , she succumbs to the virus and dies .
When Spider-Man confronts Kindred during the `` Last Remains '' arc , he finds that the demon had dug up the bodies of Jean DeWolff , Uncle Ben , Gwen Stacy , George Stacy , Ned Leeds , J. Jonah Jameson Sr. , and Marla Jameson and sat them around a dinner table .
Other versions
Spider-Gwen
In the Spider-Gwen reality , Jean DeWolff is partnered with Captain Frank Castle on the NYPD 's Special Crimes Task Force .
Spider-Man Noir
Spider-Man Noir : Eyes Without A Face features FBI Agent Jean De Wolfe , who is trying to track down the Crime Master . Initially skeptical of Spider-Man Noir 's motives in crimefighting , Agent De Wolfe later comes to his aid . In keeping with the 1930s setting , this version of the character is male . Although Alaska P. Davidson was made a special agent with the FBI in 1922 along with two other women , none were active by 1929 and the FBI did not officially accept female agents again until 1972 .
Ultimate Marvel
In the Ultimate Marvel universe , the character is renamed Jeanne De Wolfe , which writer Brian Michael Bendis said is in reference to her ambiguous morality . In her first appearance ( where her name was written akin to the regular Marvel Universe ) , she is shown responding to a bank robbery being carried out by a criminal dressed as Spider-Man , who kills NYPD Captain John Stacy before the real Spider-Man arrives and nearly murders the imposter in a rage , ultimately choosing to web him up so he can be arrested . Her next appearance ( where this version 's spelling is introduced ) is following a fight between Spider-Man and Gladiator . She is the first police officer not to shoot Spider-Man on sight , and orders others in her squad not to arrest him . Spider-Man is pleased to have an ally in official law enforcement , and she continues to help during the `` Hobgoblin '' and `` Warriors '' storylines . However , it is later revealed that Jeanne is in fact a dirty cop employed by Wilson Fisk to feed him information on the police , Spider-Man , and other superheroes . Jeanne is shot and killed by the Punisher when he discovers her corruption . Afterwards , Spider-Man learns she was in the Kingpin 's employ , as well as a rumor that she was his lover . The Kingpin is later seen mourning her death , indicating that this was the case Her position in the NYPD is filled by officer Frank Quaid .
In other media
Television
Jean DeWolff appears in The Spectacular Spider-Man animated series , voiced by Irene Bedard . This version is a patrol officer of Native American descent and the partner of Stan Carter , with whom she shares a squad car , who is generally distrustful of Spider-Man despite Carter 's enthusiasm for the web-slinger .
Video games
Jean DeWolff , renamed Jean DeWolfe , appears in the PS3 , Xbox 360 , and PC versions of the Spider-Man 3 film tie-in game , voiced by Vanessa Marshall . This version is a police detective with trust issues . Throughout the game , she gives Spider-Man a series of missions that involve investigating a gun-running ring and several crooked cops . She is later lured into a trap by her corrupt partners and almost killed , though Spider-Man rescues her .
In the Nintendo DS version , DeWolfe is depicted as an African-American with long blonde hair . She gives Spider-Man leads on several gangs , including the Apocalypse Gang and the Dragon-tail Brotherhood .
Jean DeWolff appears in Marvel Heroes voiced by Mary Faber . After witnessing the Enforcers trying to kill the hero Speedball , she kills the group to save the latter 's life . However , the Kingpin obtains video footage of the incident and blackmails DeWolff into becoming one of his informants . Her double life is discovered by reporter Ben Urich , who mentions it to the other heroes . After helping defeat Bullseye , DeWolff has a change of heart and turns herself in .
Jean DeWolff appears in The Amazing Spider-Man 2 film tie-in game , voiced by Misty Lee . This version is a maverick cop who is secretly gathering information on a number of powerful New York criminal organizations and bosses with the intent of taking them all down .
References
External links
A short biography
Jean DeWolff at Marvel.com
Fictional characters from New York City
Comics characters introduced in 1976
Spider-Man characters
Fictional New York City Police Department captains
Characters created by Sal Buscema
Characters created by Bill Mantlo
Marvel Comics female characters
Fictional police officers in comics
Fictional murdered people
The Odeon of Athens or Odeon of Pericles in Athens was a odeon , built at the southeastern foot of the Acropolis in Athens , next to the entrance to the Theatre of Dionysus .
History
It was first built in 435 BC by Pericles for the musical contests that formed part of the Panathenaea , for audiences from the theatre to shelter in case of bad weather and for chorus rehearsals . Few remains of it now survive , but it seems to have been `` adorned with stone pillars '' ( according to Vitruvius and Plutarch ) and square instead of the usual circular shape for an odeon . It was covered with timber made from captured Persian ships , culminating in a square pyramid-like roof resembling a tent . Pausanias wrote that the 1st century BC rebuild of it was `` said to be a copy of Xerxes ' tent '' , and that might well have applied to the original building .
Plutarch writes that the original building had many seats and many pillars . Modern excavation work has revealed its foundations as , and it is now known that the roof was supported by 90 internal pillars , in nine rows of ten . From a few other passages , and from the scanty remains of such edifices , we may conclude further that it had an orchestra for the chorus and a stage for the musicians ( of less depth than the stage of the theatre ) , behind which were rooms , which were probably used for keeping the dresses and vessels , and ornaments required for religious processions . It required no shifting scenery but its stage 's back-wall seems to have been permanently decorated with paintings . For example , Vitruvius writes that , in the small theatre at Tralleis ( which was doubtless an Odeum ) , Apaturius of Alabanda painted the scaena with a composition so fantastic that he was compelled to remove it , and to correct it according to the truth of natural objects .
The original Odeon of Athens was burned down during Sulla 's siege of Athens in the First Mithridatic War in 87–86 BC , either by Sulla himself or by his opponent Aristion for fear that Sulla would use its timbers to storm the Acropolis . It was later fully rebuilt by Ariobarzanes II of Cappadocia , using C. and M. Stallius and Menalippus as his architects . The new building was referred to by Pausanias in the 2nd century AD as `` the most magnificent of all the structures of the Greeks '' . He also refers to a `` figure of Dionysus worth seeing '' in an odeon in Athens , though he does not specify which odeon .
See also
List of ancient Greek theatres
Notes
References
Diccionario enciclopédico popular ilustrado Salvat ( 1906–1914 )
Buildings and structures completed in the 5th century BC
435 BC
Ancient Greek buildings and structures in Athens
Acropolis of Athens
Ancient Greek theatres in Greece
Concert halls in Athens
Aida Husić Dahlen ( born October 5 , 1990 ) is a Norwegian para table tennis player , she is currently world number two in her sports class 8 . She competed at the 2020 Summer Paralympics , in Women 's individual class 8 , winning a bronze medal .
Life
Dahlen was born without a left forearm and has a below-knee amputation on her left leg . Dahlen was born in Bosnia and Herzegovina before the outbreak of the Bosnian War in 1992 . She was adopted by Norwegian parents at the age of six .
She took up table tennis at the age of 12 after being encouraged by a friend , and first competed internationally in 2008 at the age of 18 .
References
1990 births
Living people
Bosnia and Herzegovina emigrants to Norway
Sportspeople from Oslo
Table tennis players at the 2012 Summer Paralympics
Table tennis players at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
Table tennis players at the 2020 Summer Paralympics
Kyle Wayne Davis ( October 1 , 1952 ) is a former American football center in the National Football League for the Dallas Cowboys and San Francisco 49ers . He played college football at the University of Oklahoma .
Early years
Davis attended Altus High School before moving on to the University of Oklahoma . He spent his first two years as a backup at center , behind All-American Tom Brahaney .
As a junior , he was named the starting center after Brahaney graduated .
As a senior , he was a key part of the school 's championship team , receiving third-team All-American and second-team All-Big Eight honors . He was considered a powerful blocker in the team 's record-setting wishbone offense and also served as a long snapper .
Professional career
Dallas Cowboys
Davis was selected by the Dallas Cowboys in the fifth round ( 113th overall ) of the 1975 NFL Draft , also known as the Dirty Dozen draft . As a rookie , he was the backup center and was used mainly on special teams and as a long snapper .
In the divisional playoffs against the Minnesota Vikings , when John Fitzgerald hurt his right elbow and had trouble snapping the ball in the shotgun formation , Davis took over the center duties in the last minutes of the game with a 14-10 deficit . Roger Staubach proceeded to hit Drew Pearson on a sideline route to convert a 4th-and-16 play and then both connected again on the famous Hail Mary pass .
In 1976 , he was lost for the season with a knee injury and was placed on the injured reserve list on August 23 . He was waived on August 1 , 1977 .
Minnesota Vikings
On August 9 , 1977 , he was claimed off waivers by the Minnesota Vikings . He was released on September 13 .
New England Patriots
On May 3 , 1978 , he signed with the New England Patriots , but was waived to make room for Bob McKay on August 15 .
Detroit Lions
On August 17 , 1978 , he was claimed him off waivers by the Detroit Lions . He was released before the season started .
San Francisco 49ers
On November 3 , 1978 , he signed with the San Francisco 49ers and got a chance to play in 7 regular season games .
He was waived on August 1 , 1979 .
New York Giants
On August 6 , 1979 , the New York Giants claimed him off waivers . He was released on August 13 .
References
1952 births
Living people
People from Washita County , Oklahoma
Players of American football from Oklahoma
American football centers
Oklahoma Sooners football players
Dallas Cowboys players
San Francisco 49ers players
Arkadiusz Moryto ( born 31 August 1997 ) is a Polish handball player for Łomża Industria Kielce and the Polish national team .
He participated at the 2017 World Men 's Handball Championship , as well as in the 2020 and 2022 European Men 's Handball Championship .
References
External links
1997 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Kraków
Polish male handball players
Vive Kielce players
The 8th annual Nickelodeon Australian Kids ' Choice Awards was held on Friday 8 October 2010 at the Sydney Entertainment Centre . Nomination entries closed on 1 August 2010 and the nominees for this year 's season , were revealed on 15 August 2010 . It was also revealed that Jessica Watson received the Nickelodeon Platinum Achievement award . Nickelodeon Australia rebranded during these Awards .
The Kids ' Choice Awards was hosted by Liam Hemsworth , Jessica Mauboy and Jerry Trainor . There were live performances by Short Stack , Amy Meredith , Cody Simpson and Justice Crew .
Winners and nominees
Book
Best Book
Twilight Series Winner
Tomorrow , When the War Began
Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows
Diary of a Wimpy Kid
Music
Fresh Aussie Musos
Amy Meredith
Stan Walker
Cody Simpson Winner
Orianthi
Fave Aussie Musos
Jessica Mauboy Winner
Vanessa Amorosi
Short Stack
Guy Sebastian
Fave International Band
Glee
The Black Eyed Peas Winner
Paramore
Big Time Rush
Fave Song
`` Telephone '' Lady Gaga featuring Beyoncé
`` California Gurls '' - Katy Perry featuring Snoop Dogg Winner
`` TikTok '' - Ke $ ha
`` In My Head '' - Jason Derulo
TV
Fave TV Show
iCarly Winner
Glee
Wizards of Waverly Place
Camp Orange : Castle Mountain
Fave TV Star
Miranda Cosgrove ( iCarly )
Big Time Rush
Hutch Dano ( Zeke & Luther )
Lea Michele ( Glee )
Selena Gomez ( Wizards of Waverly Place ) Winner
Fave Reality Show
Camp Orange Winner
The Biggest Loser Australia
Australia 's Got Talent
MasterChef Australia
Top Toon
SpongeBob SquarePants Winner
The Simpsons
Phineas and Ferb
Avatar : The Last Airbender
People
The LOL Award
Luke and Wyatt
Hamish and Andy
iCarly Cast Winner
Shaun Micallef
Cutest Couple
Zac Efron & Vanessa Hudgens Winner
Miranda Kerr & Orlando Bloom
Miley Cyrus & Liam Hemsworth
Robert Pattinson & Kristen Stewart
Hottest Hottie
Justin Bieber
Taylor Lautner Winner
Rachael Finch
Taylor Swift
Awesome Aussie
Bindi Irwin
Rove McManus Winner
Tim Cahill
Torah Bright
Platinum Achievement Award
Jessica Watson
Big Kid Award
Josh Thomas
Luke and Wyatt
Jerry Trainor
Drake Bell Winner
Movies
Fave Animated Movie
Open Season 3 Winner
Shrek Forever After
Toy Story 3
How to train your Dragon
Favourite Movie Star
Miley Cyrus Winner
Kristen Stewart
Robert Pattinson
Xavier Samuel
Fave Kiss
Miley Cyrus & Liam Hemsworth - The Last Song Winner
Kristen Stewart & Taylor Lautner - The Twilight Saga : Eclipse
Kristen Stewart & Robert Pattinson - The Twilight Saga : Eclipse
Taylor Lautner & Taylor Swift - Valentine 's Day
References
External links
Official website
Nickelodeon Kids ' Choice Awards
2010 awards
2010 in Australian television
2010s in Sydney
August Gunnarsson ( born March 31 , 1996 ) is a Swedish ice hockey player . He is currently playing with HC Vita Hästen of the HockeyAllsvenskan ( Allsv ) .
Gunnarsson made his Swedish Hockey League debut playing with Färjestad BK during the 2014–15 SHL season .
References
External links
1996 births
Living people
Färjestad BK players
Swedish ice hockey forwards
HC Vita Hästen players
Sportspeople from Örebro
Charles `` Charlie '' Thornton Finn ( July 28 , 1899 – January 13 , 1974 ) was an American water polo player who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics and in the 1936 Summer Olympics .
In 1932 , he was part of the American team which won the bronze medal . He played all four matches .
Four years later , at the 1936 Summer Olympics , he was a member of the American team which was eliminated in the first round of the 1936 tournament . He played all three matches .
In 1983 , he was inducted into the USA Water Polo Hall of Fame .
See also
List of Olympic medalists in water polo ( men )
References
External links
1899 births
1974 deaths
American male water polo players
Olympic bronze medalists for the United States in water polo
Water polo players at the 1932 Summer Olympics
Water polo players at the 1936 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 1932 Summer Olympics
Tadao Harumura ( 7 July 1901 – 15 October 1977 ) was a Japanese painter . His work was part of the painting event in the art competition at the 1936 Summer Olympics .
References
1901 births
1977 deaths
20th-century Japanese painters
Japanese painters
Olympic competitors in art competitions
People from Chiba Prefecture
Joe Steele may refer to :
Joe Steele ( American football ) ( born 1958 ) , American football player
Joe Steele ( musician ) ( 1899–1964 ) , American jazz pianist and bandleader
Joe Steele , a criminal involved in Glasgow Ice Cream Wars
Joe Steele ( novel ) , and the eponymous character
See also
Joseph Steele ( 1881– ? ) , carpenter and political figure in Nova Scotia , Canada
Joe Stell ( born 1928 ) , American politician in the New Mexico House of Representatives
Hosta most commonly refers to :
Hosta , a genus of about 23 to 45 species of plants
Hosta may also refer to :
Places
Hosta , Pyrénées-Atlantiques , France
Hosta , Škofja Loka , Slovenia
The First Set is a live album by saxophonists Eddie `` Lockjaw '' Davis and Johnny Griffin recorded at Minton 's Playhouse in 1961 and released on the Prestige label . The album was the second release from the recordings at Minton 's after The Tenor Scene .
Track listing
`` Billie 's Bounce '' ( Charlie Parker ) - 8:43
`` Epistrophy '' ( Thelonious Monk , Kenny Clarke ) - 7:17
`` Well , You Need n't '' ( Monk ) - 8:58
`` I 'll Remember April '' ( Gene de Paul , Patricia Johnston , Don Raye ) - 8:05
Personnel
Eddie `` Lockjaw '' Davis , Johnny Griffin - tenor saxophone
Junior Mance - piano
Larry Gales - bass
Ben Riley - drums
References
1960 live albums
Eddie `` Lockjaw '' Davis live albums
Johnny Griffin live albums
Albums produced by Esmond Edwards
Prestige Records live albums
Roberto Venturini ( born 30 December 1960 ) is a Sammarinese politician who served as a Captain Regent with Andrea Belluzzi , from April to October 2015 . He was first elected to the Grand and General Council in 2012 as a Christian Democrat . He lives in Serravalle and has two children .
References
1960 births
People from the City of San Marino
Captains Regent of San Marino
Members of the Grand and General Council
Living people
Sammarinese Christian Democratic Party politicians
Suspension ( ) in Catholic canon law is a censure or punishment , by which a priest or cleric is deprived , entirely or partially , of the use of the right to order or to hold office , or of any benefice .
A suspension a divinis is a suspension which `` forbids the exercise of every act of the power of orders which one obtained either by sacred orders or by privilege '' .
When a suspension is total , a cleric is deprived of the exercise of every function and of every ecclesiastical rite , and can also be temporarily deprived of Communion . The principal grounds on which suspension is incurred in the present discipline of the Church are found in the Decrees of the Council of Trent .
Types of suspension
The canon 1333 of the 1983 Code of Canon Law states there are three categories of things a suspension can affect :
The canons 2278 to 2280 of the 1917 Code of Canon Law define 11 types of suspension .
Notable suspensions
Marco Bisceglia . Suspended in 1975 for performing a blessing of gay catholic couple . The couple was not real ; Bisceglia was approached by two right-wing journalists from Il Borghese , posing as a gay couple .
References
External links
1983 code of canon law sanctions
1983 code of canon law , canon 1333
Penal canon law
Catholic Church legal terminology
The 1930 All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship was the third staging of the All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship since its establishment by the Gaelic Athletic Association in 1928 .
Waterford entered the championship as the defending champions , however , they were beaten by Tipperary in the Munster semi-final .
On 28 September 1930 Tipperary won the championship following a 4-1 to 2-1 defeat of Kilkenny in the All-Ireland final . This was their first All-Ireland title .
Results
Leinster Minor Hurling Championship
Final
Munster Minor Hurling Championship
Final
All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship
Semi-final
Final
Statistics
Miscellaneous
The Ulster Championship is contested for the first time .
The All-Ireland final was played as a triple-header of games at Croke Park . The other two games were the All-Ireland junior hurling semi-final replay between Kilkenny and Tipperary and the All-Ireland football final between Kerry and Monaghan .
External links
All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship : Roll Of Honour
Minor
All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship
Abraham Iverson , shown in some records , including land patents , as Abraham Iveson was a member of the Virginia House of Burgesses , the elected lower house of the colonial Virginia General Assembly , from Gloucester County , in 1653 .
On October 17 , 1636 , James Vanerit acquired 1,000 acres of land in Elizabeth City County , Virginia , now Norfolk , Virginia , from one Stafferton . Stafferton was owed the land for providing the transportation of 20 colonists , including `` Abr . Iveson '' to Virginia .
A bill of lading of Joseph Clifton , a London merchant shows goods conveyed on the Tristan & Jane of London , April 26 , 1637 , to `` Abraham Iveson , planter '' , among others .
`` Mr. Abraham Iveson '' acquired 655 acres of land on the southwest side of the North River in `` Mockjack '' ( or Mobjack ) Bay in Gloucester County in a patent dated June 10 , 1651 .
Notes
References
Nugent , Nell Marion . 'Cavaliers and Pioneers : 1666-1695 ' . Richmond : Virginia State Library , 1977. . Retrieved March 6 , 2013 .
Stanard , William G. and Mary Newton Stanard . The Virginia Colonial Register . Albany , NY : Joel Munsell 's Sons Publishers , 1902. , Retrieved July 15 , 2011 .
Tepper , Michael , ed . New World Immigrants : A Consolidation of Ship Passenger Lists and Associated Data from Periodical Literature . Baltimore : Genealogical Publishing Com , 1979. .
Tyler , Lyon Gardiner , ed . 'Encyclopedia of Virginia Biography ' . Volume 1 . New York , Lewis Historical Publishing Company , 1915. . Retrieved February 16 , 2013 .
People from Gloucester County , Virginia
Virginia colonial people
House of Burgesses members
Alan Dapré ( born 1965 ) is a British writer who has successfully written for television , radio and publishers for over 20 years . He worked as a creative and originator for Ragdoll Productions for eight years , and his episodes of Brum , Boohbah and Blips are broadcast worldwide . He co-wrote with Robin Stevens and with Joel Wilenius developed many quirky stories and characters for the new BBC show , Tronji .
Alan Dapré is author of over 60 books for children , and 'Everything You Need To Know When You 're Eight ' was read in audio book form by Tony Robinson . Alan Dapré has written plays for BBC Radio 4 including 'Stranger In The Home ' - a monologue read by Bernard Hepton . His play 'Comeback ' was staged at the Nottingham Playhouse in 1987 with performances by Philip Middlemiss and William Ivory . His popular plays for Primary schools help to develop readers gain fluency .
Alan is also the author of the Porridge the Tartan Cat series of books published by Kelpies , an imprint of Scottish indie publisher Floris Books including :
Porridge the Tartan Cat and the Brawsome Bagpipes
Porridge the Tartan Cat and the Bash-Crash-Ding
Porridge the Tartan Cat and the Kittycat Kidnap
Porridge the Tartan Cat and the Loch Ness Mess
and Porridge the Tartan Cat and the Unfair Funfair .
Porridge the Tartan Cat and the Pet Show Show-Off will be published in June 2018 .
Formerly a Deputy Headteacher in Nottingham and primary school teacher at Haddon primary and nursery school Nottingham , Alan Dapré now lives in Glasgow with his wife Kate and young daughter .
References
External links
The Official website for Alan Dapré
Plays
The Unofficial website for Tony Robinson
British television writers
British screenwriters
British male television writers
Living people
1965 births
British radio writers
British children 's writers
Private Worlds is a 1971 novel by the British writer Sarah Gainham . It was the third in her Vienna trilogy following the popular first novel Night Falls on the City .
Synopsis
Now that the immediate post-war crisis of Vienna has finished , Julia Homburg and her old friend and lover , the journalist Georg Kerenyi , are able to reconstruct their former lives at the same time as a new , independent and democratic Austrian Republic is being formed .
References
Bibliography
Burton , Alan . Historical Dictionary of British Spy Fiction . Rowman & Littlefield , 2016 .
Husband , Janet G. & Husband Jonathan F. Sequels : An Annotated Guide to Novels in Series . American Library Association , 2009 .
Reilly , John M. Twentieth Century Crime & Mystery Writers . Springer , 2015 .
1971 British novels
Novels by Sarah Gainham
Novels set in Vienna
Weidenfeld & Nicolson books
The 2000 Salt Lake County mayoral election was the first election held to elect the first Mayor of Salt Lake County , Utah on November 7 , 2000 , alongside the presidential , House of Representatives , Senate and gubernatorial elections .
Utah Code ( Title 17 , Chapter 52a , Part 2 ) allows counties in the state to choose one of four forms of county government :
Standard three-member full-time commission ,
Expanded five- or seven-member full-time commission ,
Three- , five- , seven- or nine-member part-time council with a full-time appointed manager ,
or a three- , five- , seven- or nine-member part-time council with a full-time elected mayor .
Like most other counties in Utah , Salt Lake County used to be governed by a three-member county commission . However , in 1998 , county voters approved the change in form of government to a nine-member council with an elected mayor , that was to take effect in 2001 , following 2000 elections .
Republican county Recorder Nancy Workman won the election , alongside presidential candidate George W. Bush and Senator Orrin Hatch . The only Democrat to win the county during the election cycle was gubernatorial candidate Bill Orton .
Candidates
Democratic Party
Karen Crompton , 1998 candidate for county commission
Republican Party
Nancy Workman , county recorder
Dropped out
Brent Overson , county commissioner
Results
References
2000 Utah elections
2000 United States mayoral elections
2000 in Utah
2000s in Salt Lake City
Frontier School of the Bible is a small Bible Institute located in La Grange , Wyoming , United States . It is a state approved , non-profit educational institution .
The school was founded by Rev . Richard LeBar and Rev . Dan Johnson on September 5 , 1967 . It currently offers a residential college experience with a variety of Christian service opportunities . The current president is Nelson Miles and the vice president is Bill Bagley .
After gaining a minimum of 102 credits and three years of study , students are eligible for a non-accredited Associate of Arts degree . Associate degree recipients may apply for a non-accredited Bachelor of Arts degree upon completion of an additional year of full-time ministry , language school , or an internship .
Doctrinally , the school endorses a literal approach to biblical hermeneutics resulting in dispensationalism , including adherence to pre-tribulationism and premillennialism .
References
External links
Frontier School of the Bible 's website
Seminaries and theological colleges in Wyoming
Schools in Goshen County , Wyoming
Educational institutions established in 1967
Bible colleges
Lists of Fox television affiliates contain lists of television stations ( typically local ) that are associated with Fox Broadcasting Company , a United States television network . They include :
List of Fox television affiliates ( by U.S. state )
List of Fox television affiliates ( table )
List of former Fox television affiliates
The Hankou Incident ( also rendered as Hankow Incident ; Chinese and Japanese : ) was an incident that occurred on 3 April 1927 in which rioters and a few military units entered the Japanese concession in the Chinese city of Hankou , engaged in vandalism and looting , and attacked Japanese residents and consular staff . A number of servicemen of the Imperial Japanese Navy were injured , 150 homes were damaged and the total cost of the destruction was estimated at 920,000 yen . Dozens of Chinese civilians were also killed when Japanese marines fired machine guns at protestors . Although some reports suggest that the incident occurred at the instigation of the Chinese Communist Party , the riots were sparked by an altercation between Japanese marines and Chinese workers .
Background of the incident
Since about February , Chinese people started to uproot and run off with trees and hedges from the mansions of wealthy people and from the Chinese gardens near the Japanese publishing company Doubunshoin just outside the Japanese concession . Before long this spread to Japanese homes . The perpetrators were mainly women and children but later adult men also turned out and hacked down the trees with axes in broad daylight .
Then , when the Nanking Incident happened on 24 March 1927 the Chinese spread exaggerated rumors about rapes of Japanese residents and they ominously suggested that if something like that happened in Hankou , they would first target young women .
According to Japanese reports , starting half a month before the Hankou Incident , there was a marked trend of Chinese people disrespecting the Japanese and there was a rash of burglaries affecting Japanese homes . Ricksha men forcibly compelled people to ride and when they did demand outrageous fees , and coolies wrested luggage from Japanese people and similarly made unreasonable demands for its transport . The Chinese furthermore harassed and threw stones at women and starting a week before even started throwing rocks at naval personnel . It eventually reached the point where the Chinese were acting in an insulting manner towards the marches of the naval land forces .
Several days before the incident , Tang Shengzhi ordered the evacuation of American and British residents but he advised Japanese authorities that their residents could remain as they had sufficient protection .
Outbreak of the riots
There is some debate as to how the riots began . According to one source they were sparked by a physical altercation between a Japanese marine and a local ricksha puller , in which the latter was seriously injured . When a coolie attempted to come to the assistance of the ricksha puller , the marine stabbed him through the heart with his sword . Rather than disciplining the marine for his conduct , the Japanese naval commander ordered a detachment of troops to fire machine guns at a crowd of protestors who had gathered around the concession . The conflict between Japanese troops and Chinese protestors eventually led to dozens of fatalities . According to Japanese reports little after 3:00 PM on 3 April Chinese children threw stones at two sailors who were passing by Tsumazuru , a luxury restaurant on Xiechang Road in the Japanese concession in Hankou . In the ensuing verbal altercation , about 30 Chinese turned upon the sailors and then a group of rickshaw pullers surrounded them and started to beat them . The sailors knocked over one of the rickshaw men and took refuge in the nearby restaurant Yamayoshi . Immediately Chinese onlookers entered the fray and both Yamayoshi and a neighbouring restaurant , the Naniwa Buffet , were utterly destroyed . To make matters worse , false rumors were spread that Japanese sailors had killed Chinese and that a rickshaw man had been stabbed with a knife . Just then , near Pinghe Street on the northern side of the Japanese concession , a group of Chinese who were taking part in the celebratory procession of an organizational meeting of the farmers ' association instead stormed the Japanese concession , two thirds of which was engulfed by the mob . When they saw Japanese people , they surrounded them and beat them , and Japanese businesses were attacked one by one . The attacks of these rioters were undertaken in a thorough and precise manner . The vice-consul Tanaka rushed to the scene when he heard about the disturbances but although he called out to the crowd that he was a consul , he was still assaulted . At the house of a certain Mr. Tamura near the barbershop at the corner of Nanxiao Road and Pinghe Street the mob found his wife , who was lying in a sickbed shortly after giving birth , and kicked her to death before abandoning her corpse where they killed her .
At about 4:00 PM , a crowd of several thousand flying the red flag with children in the lead had assembled but when at the behest of their leaders they let out a shout and tried to descend on the riverfront , a Japanese naval landing force came ashore and firstly shot blanks but then fired off several live rounds . The rioters then retreated and surged like an avalanche out of the concession , plundering all the way . Though the rioters stubbornly refused to move out once they had reached Pinghe Street , when the Japanese landing party was compelled to fire off warning shots with their machine guns in the direction of the Honganji temple 's embankment the crowd fled . The crowd which was thus driven from the Japanese concession attacked Japanese businesses located in the concessions of other countries . They attacked a restaurant where six sailors were dining , beat them mercilessly , and then carried them away and imprisoned them at the headquarters of the communist-controlled All-China Federation of Trade Unions . That night , 25 Japanese people escaped to the British ship HMS Bee and were protected . Dojin Hospital also pulled out from Hankou .
Tang Shengzhi dispatched his army on the morning of 4 April and took charge of the situation but the All-China Federation of Trade Unions said that they could not agree to release their hostages without getting favorable terms for them from the Japanese , and even when Tang Shengzhi tried to send them back the jiuchadui , armed communist picketers who were spying on Tang 's garrison headquarters , obstructed him . Due to the deliberations of the Japanese consul general , they were finally returned on 7 April .
On the night of the incident Eugene Chen , the foreign minister of China , hurried to Consul General Takao and expressed his regrets and said that China would take full responsibility to resolve the issue . Wuhan garrison commander Tang Shengzhi also came and expressed his regrets , and requested the withdrawal of the Japanese landing party since his army was now guarding the concession . The consul general respected China 's show of good faith and sought the evacuation of the landing party . Because it seemed that the Chinese were showing their sincerity by stationing their army in the area surrounding the concession , keeping away the crowds with the cooperation of the jiuchadui , and putting up posters exhorting citizens to not loot or harm the Japanese , the landing party for a time returned to its base at Taisho Hall . However , the Chinese army itself engaged in looting and immediately the Japanese redeployed their landing force . Tang Shengzhi 's army which had entered Honganji was accused of looting the inner temple and was replaced by the army of He Jian , whose forces in turn withdrew from Honganji at the insistence of the Japanese landing party .
Representatives of the All-China Federation of Trade Unions said that 10 Chinese people had died during the incident and denounced the use of force by the Japanese landing party as illegal . They continued to trot out uncooperative demands for immediate withdrawal of the landing party and an investigation of the causes of the incident , but were brushed off by the consul general . At the same time the Federation tried to enforce a blockade on food supplies into the Japanese concession .
On 6 April 1:20 pm , women and children evacuated aboard the Joyo-maru and Daifuku-maru . Afterwards more were evacuated in several trips . The over 2,100 Japanese residents were reduced to upwards of 500 .
Other repercussions
On April 3 , Standard Oil decided to close up operations in Yichang and withdrew all its US employees on American and British ships . America 's envoy recommended that Americans resident in Beijing leave the capital . On 12 April , Chiang Kai-shek carried out the Shanghai massacre , executing many leading members of the Chinese Communist Party who were regarded with suspicion by the great powers who were willing to support Chiang 's regime .
References
Bibliography
Ryuji Hattori , Ed.『満州事件と重光駐華公使報告書』
Hideo Tanaka , Ed.『もうひとつの南京事件』
Takeo Hibio『世界史年表第4版』河出書房出版、1997年、page 189
Yuan-tsung Chen Return to the Middle Kingdom : One Family , Three Revolutionaries , and the Birth of Modern China , Union Square Press , New York pp241–242
Foreign relations of the Republic of China ( 1912–1949 )
1927 in China
China–Japan relations
History of Wuhan
KWLO ( 1580 AM ) is a radio station serving the Provo/Springville area . The station is owned by Iglesia Pentecostal Víspera del Fin , broadcasting a Spanish Contemporary Christian format .
KWLO shares towers with KOVO 960 , located just southwest of Provo near Interstate 15 . K260DS , 99.9 FM is located atop West Mountain , west of Springville .
History
KWLO started as a construction permit owned by RAMS III in 2009 , however did not make it to air for another eight years . On January 1 , 2019 , KWLO changed its format to Classic hits .
In 2019 , Rams III sold KWLO-Provo , and 1580 Utahs Goat and the translator station K260DS $ 300,000 to Utah County Radio company called Lucky Dog Broadcasting and Lucky Dog Broadcasting owners Frank and Melanie Mueller . Also in 2019 , Valleydale Broadcasting LLC sold KPVO-Fountain Green and 99.9 Utah 's Goat $ 25,000 to Lucky Dog Broadcasting . As of November 16 , 2021 , the 1580 and 99.9 frequencies began broadcasting a repeating audio loop telling listeners that `` Utah 's Goat '' had moved to 96.7 KQMB . KQMB previously aired a soft adult contemporary format branded as `` Kosy 96.7 '' , now it is a classic hit format branded as `` Utah 's Goat 96.7 '' . Lucky Dog Broadcasting had been leasing the 1580 and 99.9 frequencies from RAMS III under a local marketing agreement ( LMA ) ; and due to the Covid-19 pandemic , Lucky Dog was unable to consummate the sale of the stations from RAMS III . The new owner of 1580 and 99.9 was scheduled to take over operations of those frequencies beginning December 1 , 2021 . However , the transfer of station ownership was delayed by several months . Programming from Iglesia Pentecostal Vispera Del Fin began airing on KWLO on April 13 , 2022 . On February 11 , 2022 , KWLO and K260DS were sold to Iglesia Pentecostal Vispera Del Fin for $ 300,000 . KPVO-Fountain Green was also sold to Iglesia Pentecostal Vispera Del Fin for $ 25,000 in a separate transaction , now broadcasting a Spanish Contemporary Christian format .
References
External links
Radio stations established in 2018
2018 establishments in Utah
WLO
Classic hits radio stations in the United States
Mark Woodforde was the defending champion and won in the final 7–5 , 1–6 , 7–5 against Patrik Kühnen .
Seeds
Andrei Chesnokov ( first round )
Darren Cahill ( first round )
Slobodan Živojinović ( first round )
Mark Woodforde ( champion )
Wally Masur ( quarterfinals )
John Frawley ( first round )
Patrik Kühnen ( final )
Jason Stoltenberg ( second round )
Draw
Finals
Top half
Bottom half
External links
1989 South Australian Open Draw
Sin
The Animal Park at the Conservators Center is an 18-hectare ( 45-acre ) zoological park located in Burlington and Caswell County , North Carolina , United States . Founded in 1999 , the Center opened its doors to visitors in 2007 and attracts approximately 16,000 visitors per annum .
Overview
The Animal Park at the Conservators Center is a 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) non-profit organization . The Park does not receive taxpayer funding for operating services , and relies on funding through their tour services , memberships , donations , grants , events , and corporate contributions . Their core mission is to `` educate people , care for animals , and advocate for species . '' They offer a variety of adventure and family-friendly tours and even special seasonal tours and events .
The Animal Park at the Conservators Center was founded in 1999 by skilled exotic animal professionals , Mindy Stinner and Douglas Evans . Beginning as a smaller facility , managing around 25 small exotic species and 3 tigers , they expanded when an Ohio facility was closed in 2004 . The government reached out to the Center and other facilities to help take on a large group of confiscated animals , including big cats . The Center agreed to take 3 , and another facility agreed to take on 11 . Unfortunately , the other facility was unable to provide those 11 cats a new home within a timely manner , and therefore all 14 became new residents of the Conservators Center . This was a huge turning point for this small facility in North Carolina . The 14 large cats arrived , and 4 females were pregnant . Within a few months of arrival , 15 new tiger and lion cubs were born .
The Center opened their doors to visitors in 2007 to help generate support for the increased animal population . Guided educational tours began in September 2007 , and most of the original tour guides are still working and volunteering at the facility as of 2020 .
In October 2019 the Conservators Center was rebranded as The Animal Park at the Conservators Center .
On December 30 , 2018 a lion killed a college intern who was working there . The Center issued statements in response to press inquiries . There have been no other serious incidents reported since they opened in 1999 .
References
External links
Burlington , North Carolina
Burlington
1999 establishments in North Carolina
Zoos established in 1999
Statistics of the Cambodian League for the 1988 season .
Overview
Kampong Cham Province won the championship .
References
RSSSF
C-League seasons
Cambodia
Cambodia
football
Gozgestan ( , also Romanized as Gozgestān ; also known as Bozestān ) is a village in Madvarat Rural District , in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County , Kerman Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 19 , in 5 families .
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Total Destruction to Your Mind is the debut album by the American musician Swamp Dogg ( Jerry Williams , Jr. ) , released in 1970 . It is considered to be a cult album , a classic , and a neglected masterpiece . It was rereleased in 2013 , along with 1971 's Rat On !
Some of its songs have been recorded by other musicians , including Jimmy Cliff , Eric Ambel , and the Isley Brothers with Santana . Total Destruction to Your Mind was among the albums that inspired Ben Greenman 's novel Please Step Back ; after emailing with Greenman , Swamp Dogg recorded a song that used the protagonist 's lyrics .
Total Destruction to Your Mind had sold more than 500,000 copies by 1992 .
Production
After years as a minor , and conventional , songwriter and singer , Williams adopted the Swamp Dogg persona due to disgust with the music industry , and in order to write about more personal topics ; the inspiration came to him while looking through old Atlantic albums in Tom Dowd 's office . Total Destruction to Your Mind is regarded as an attempt to combine the rock music of the late 1960s with Stax Records-esque soul music , as well as protest with comedy .
Recorded at Capricorn Studios , in Macon , Georgia , the album was produced by Williams . Swamp Dogg later claimed to have recorded some of the songs after ingesting LSD . `` Mama 's Baby , Daddy 's Maybe '' is about taking a paternity test . The title track references `` I Am the Walrus '' ; `` The World Beyond '' was written by Bobby Goldsboro .
Critical reception
AllMusic concluded that `` perhaps Dogg 's obsession with drugs , sleazy sex , and cultural satire kept the album from being embraced by soul fans , and this genuinely odd blend also keeps Swamp Dogg 's debut from blowing the minds of latter-day listeners , at least upon the first listen . '' The New Yorker labeled Total Destruction to Your Mind `` a crazed , brilliant blast of protest soul that compared favorably with the best work of Sly Stone , Curtis Mayfield , and Funkadelic . '' The New York Times determined that it is `` a soul album that , from its first hard , wild groove , announces itself as a classic . ''
Robert Christgau , in 1992 , deemed the album `` in-your-face black rock . '' In 2018 , Pitchfork called it `` an irreverent , rollicking spin on the southern soul music of Muscle Shoals Sound Studio . '' Reviewing the 2013 rerelease , The Sunday Times called Swamp Dogg `` the missing link between Otis Redding and Frank Zappa . ''
Track listing
`` Total Destruction to Your Mind '' – 3:24
`` Synthetic World '' – 3:23
`` Dust Your Head Color Red '' – 2:48
`` Redneck '' – 2:47
`` If I Die Tomorrow ( I 've Lived Tonight ) '' – 2:50
`` I Was Born Blue '' – 2:58
`` Sal-A-Faster '' – 2:48
`` The World Beyond '' – 3:39
`` These Are Not My People '' – 2:36
`` Everything You 'll Ever Need '' – 2:51
`` The Baby Is Mine '' – 2:48
`` Mama 's Baby , Daddy 's Maybe '' – 4:08
References
Swamp Dogg albums
1970 debut albums
Jarvis hearings refer to court processes in Minnesota , United States , that are made for patients who may have mental health disabilities to be given treatment with antipsychotic medicines without their consent . The hearings are based upon a decision of the Minnesota Supreme Court , Jarvis v. Levine , 418 NW 2d 139 - Minn : Supreme Court 1988 Similar rights exist in most other States .
References
United States disability case law
United States procedural law
Minnesota law
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1537 .
Events
February – The Institution of the Christian Man ( also called The Bishops ' Book ) , is written by a board of 46 divines and bishops headed by Thomas Cranmer . The purpose , like that of the Ten Articles of the previous year , is to implement the reforms of Henry VIII by separating from the Roman Catholic Church and reforming the Ecclesia Anglicana . `` The work was a noble endeavor on the part of the bishops to promote unity , and to instruct the people in Church doctrine . ''
December 28 – The Ordonnance de Montpellier initiates a legal deposit system for books in the Kingdom of France .
Date unknown
Construction of the Biblioteca Marciana in Venice to the design of Jacopo Sansovino begins , continuing until 1560 .
Paracelsus starts to write Astronomia Magna or the whole Philosophia Sagax of the Great and Little World .
Two complete Bible translations into English , both based on Tyndale 's , appear :
Myles Coverdale 's 1535 text is the first to be printed in England ( by James Nicholson in Southwark , London ) .
The Matthew Bible edited by John Rogers under the pseudonym `` Thomas Matthew '' , is printed in Antwerp .
The English scholar John Twyne publishes an edition of the late-medieval encyclopedic verse dialogue Sidrak and Bokkus , .
New books
Prose
Francesco Guicciardini – La Historia d'Italia ( History of Italy , to 1540 )
Martin Luther –
Drama
Lazare de Baïf – translation of Sophocles ' Electra
Nicholas Udall ( attrib . ) – Thersites
Poetry
Births
Unknown dates
Achille Gagliardi , Italian Jesuit writer ( died 1607 )
Jane Lumley , English translator from Greek and Latin ( died 1578 )
Thomas Preston , English dramatist and master of Trinity Hall , Cambridge ( died 1598 )
Probable year – Bernardino de Escalante , Spanish priest , geographer and writer ( died after 1605 )
Deaths
May 10 – Andrzej Krzycki , Polish archbishop , humanist writer of Latin prose and Polish poetry ( born 1482 )
September 24 – Jean Ruel , French physician and botanical writer ( born 1474 )
Unknown date – Abdul Quddus Gangohi , Indian Sufi poet ( born 1456 )
References
1537
1537 books
Renaissance literature
Early Modern literature
Years of the 16th century in literature
The Oceanic Concerts is a collaboration album with Pete Townshend and Raphael Rudd that was first publicly released in 2001 .
Townshend sings a selection of Who standards ( `` The Seeker '' , `` Bargain '' , `` Drowned '' , even the comical `` Tattoo '' ) as Rudd accompanies him on piano and harp . Rudd , a harpist and pianist , had been a member of the band Renaissance between 1984-87 . He died shortly after the release of this recording in April 2002 .
The concerts were recorded around Christmas in 1979 and 1980 according to the liner notes by Rudd .
Track list
Raphael Rudd - `` Raga ''
Pete Townshend - `` Drowned ''
Pete Townshend - `` The Seeker ''
Raphael Rudd - `` Magic Grace ''
Raphael Rudd - `` Who Is Meher Baba ''
Pete Townshend and Raphael Rudd - `` The Ferryman ''
Raphael Rudd - `` Kitty 's Theme ''
Pete Townshend and Raphael Rudd - `` A Little Is Enough ''
Raphael Rudd - `` Contact in Solitude ''
Pete Townshend and Raphael Rudd - `` Sleeping Dog ''
Raphael Rudd - `` Sound Barrier ''
Pete Townshend - `` Bargain ''
Raphael Rudd - `` Longing for the Beloved ''
Pete Townshend and Raphael Rudd - `` Tattoo ''
Pete Townshend and Raphael Rudd - `` Let My Love Open the Door ''
Pete Townshend and Raphael Rudd - `` Awakening ''
Raphael Rudd - `` Western ( American ) Arti ''
Pete Townshend and Raphael Rudd - `` O'Parvardigar ''
References
External links
[ The Oceanic Concerts ] at Allmusic
Raphaelrudd.net
2001 live albums
Pete Townshend live albums
Albums produced by Pete Townshend
Fedjefjorden is a fjord in Vestland county , Norway . It is located in the municipalities of Fedje , Austrheim , and Øygarden . The fjord has a width of about and extends about from Holmengrå Lighthouse ( at the northern end ) to the island of Seløy ( at the southern end ) where it joins the Hjeltefjorden which flows further south towards Bergen .
The fjord flows between several large islands and many small islets . The island of Fedje lies on the west side of the fjord and the islands of Fosnøyna and Radøy lie along the eastern side of the fjord . Just south of the island of Fedje , the fjord opens up westwards to the ocean through the wide Fedjeosen .
See also
List of Norwegian fjords
References
Fjords of Vestland
Fedje
Øygarden
Austrheim
The 2008 Porsche Carrera Cup Deutschland season was the 23rd German Porsche Carrera Cup season . It began on 13 April at Hockenheim and finished on 26 October at the same circuit , after nine races . It ran as a support championship for the 2008 DTM season . René Rast won the first of his two championships with the MRS-Team .
Teams and drivers
Race calendar and results
Championship standings
Drivers ' championship
† — Drivers did not finish the race , but were classified as they completed over 90 % of the race distance .
External links
The Porsche Carrera Cup Germany website
Porsche Carrera Cup Germany Online Magazine
Porsche Carrera Cup Germany seasons
Porsche Carrera Cup Germany
is a mountain in Kobe , Hyōgo Prefecture , Japan . This mountain is one of the major peaks of the Rokkō Mountains , and is the most popular peak for visitors on the West-Rokkō Mountains .
Outline
Mount Maya is one of the two centers in Rokko Mountains for tourists . Mount Maya has a link from the foot of the mountain to the top . Those are Maya Cableway and Maya Ropeway . This mountain has also easy access to the foot through Okumaya Driveway . Mount Maya area was linked to the Kinenhidai area and the top of Mount Rokko by bus . This mountain is a part of Setonaikai National Park , and famous for the view from the mountain . Especially from Kikuseidai , a park just aside of the top of the mountain , visitor can see all over Osaka Bay area including , Kobe , Nishinomiya , Amagasaki , Osaka , Sakai , and two major airports in this area , Kansai International Airport and Kobe Airport . The night view is called a `` ten million dollar night view '' and is one of Japan 's top three , along with Hakodate and Nagasaki .
History
The history of Mount Maya is closely linked to that of Tenjō-ji temple . Tenjo-ji temple was said to be established in 646 by High Monk Hodo , at the Emperor Kotoku 's behest . In the 8th century , another High Monk Kobo brought back a statue of Maya , the mother of Buddha , from ancient India , and dedicated it to this temple . The name of this mountain has its origin in this story .
Tenjo-ji was an influential temple for a long time , but the original temple which was located very near to the top of the mountain was burned by a pyromaniac in 1975 . The temple has been reestablished at a northern and higher place from the original . The present day statue of Maya ( mother of Buddha ) was sculpted in Jaipur in India and was donated by an Indian resident of Kobe as part of the temple 's restorative efforts in 1976 .
Access
There are a lot of ways to reach to the peak of the mountain . These routes are by cableway and rope way :
Maya Cable Shita – ( Maya Cable ) - Niji no Eki – ( Maya Ropeway ) – Hoshi no Eki
Rokko Cable Shita – ( Rokko Cableway ) – Rokko Sanjo – ( Rokko Maya Sky-Shuttle Bus ) – Mount Maya
Kitano Itchome - ( Shinkobe Ropeway ) – Nunobiki Hurb Garden – ( Walk ) – Mount Maya
Shin-Kobe Station – ( Walk : Kyumayado - Gakko Rindo - Tengumichi ) – Mount Maya
Maya Cable Shita – ( Walk : Uenomichi ) – Mount Maya
See also
Maya Station , a nearby railway station named after the mountain
References
GSI map from Geospatial Information Authority of Japan
Setouchi National Park
‘ Rokko Maya '
Maya
Geography of Kobe
Tourist attractions in Kobe
Shugendō
McPherson Unit is a prison for women of the Arkansas Department of Correction , located in Newport , Arkansas , off Arkansas Highway 384 , east of central Newport . Established in 1998 , the prison houses the state 's death row for women .
The unit houses a campus of the Riverside Vocational Technical School .
Originally it was managed by the Wackenhut Corrections Corp. ( now GEO Group ) , with the management contract beginning in July 1997 . In 2001 , after operating the McPherson Unit and the nearby Grimes Unit at losses , Wackenhut stated that it would not renew the contract .
Notable prisoners
Death Row
Christina Marie Riggs – Executed May 2 , 2000 .
Non-Death Row
Leslie MacKool - Serving life without the possibility of parole .
References
External links
McPherson Unit - Arkansas Department of Correction
Prisons in Arkansas
Buildings and structures in Jackson County , Arkansas
Capital punishment in Arkansas
1998 establishments in Arkansas
GEO Group
Newport , Arkansas
Kyle Bochniak ( born February 5 , 1987 ) is an American mixed martial artist currently competing in the Featherweight division of Professional Fighters League ( PFL ) . A professional competitor since 2014 , he has competed in the Ultimate Fighting Championship and CES MMA .
Background
Bochniak associated with the wrong crowd when he was growing up where he was drinking excessively and engaging in substance abuse activities . His unhealthy habits led him to drop out of school , and he was in a coma for a week due to overdosing on prescription pills . Bochniak eventually ended up in jail where he found out his father , who left his mother when Bochniak was two , was in the next cell from his . Bochniak realized he did not want to end up like his father , so he made a pledge with the judge with a heartfelt arraignment speech . The judge granted Bochniak five year probation of his offense where he was transferred to Hartford , Connecticut . In Hartford , Bochniak started learning to weld and eventually landed a job as a welder . He later stumbled into Broadway Jiu-Jitsu where he started his journey to be a mixed martial artist , which turned his life around .
Mixed martial arts career
Early career
He began training in mixed martial arts in 2010 and starting competing in amateur fights a year later . After compiling a record of 5–1 as an amateur , he started fighting professionally in 2014 .
Bochniak compiled an undefeated record of 6–0 on the regional circuit , competing exclusively for CES MMA in nearby Rhode Island . He was signed by the UFC in early 2016 .
Ultimate Fighting Championship
Bochniak made his promotional debut on January 17 , 2016 as a short notice replacement for Jimy Hettes against Charles Rosa at UFC Fight Night 81 . Despite knocking Rosa down in the first round , Bochniak lost the fight via unanimous decision .
Bochniak returned to face Enrique Barzola on August 27 , 2016 at UFC on Fox 21 . He won the fight via split decision .
Bochniak was expected to face Godofredo Pepey on March 11 , 2017 at UFC Fight Night 106 . However , both fighters pulled out of the fight during the week leading up to the event citing injuries and the bout was scrapped .
Bochniak faced Jeremy Kennedy on July 22 , 2017 at UFC on Fox 25 . He lost the fight via unanimous decision .
Bochniak faced Brandon Davis on January 20 , 2018 at UFC 220 . He won the fight via unanimous decision .
Bochniak faced Zabit Magomedsharipov on April 7 , 2018 at UFC 223 . He lost the fight by unanimous decision . The fight earned him a Fight of the Night bonus .
Bochniak faced Hakeem Dawodu on December 8 , 2018 at UFC 231 . He lost the fight via split decision .
Bochniak faced promotional newcomer Sean Woodson on October 18 , 2019 at UFC on ESPN : Reyes vs. Weidman . He lost the fight via unanimous decision .
On January 9 , 2020 , it was announced that Bochniak was released by UFC .
Post-UFC career
Bochniak was scheduled to face Jonathan Gary in a featherweight bout at CES MMA 61 on April 24 , 2020 . However , the event was postponed indefinitely due to the COVID-19 pandemic .
Bochniak was then scheduled to fight Tim Teves at Taura MMA 11 on October 30 , 2020 . However , the bout was cancelled due to an unknown reason .
Bochniak then faced Caio Uruguai at XMMA 1 on January 30 , 2021 . He won the fight via unanimous decision .
Bochniak was scheduled to face Derek Campos at XMMA 2 on July 30 , 2021 . However Campos withdrew due to injury and was replaced by Marcus Brimage . He won the fight via unanimous decision .
Bochniak faced Carlton Minus on April 2 , 2022 at XMMA 4 . He won the bout via split decision .
Professional Fighters League
Bochniak , replacing Sung Bin Jo , faced Bubba Jenkins on April 28 , 2022 at PFL 2 . He lost the bout via unanimous decision .
Bochniak faced Chris Wade on June 24 , 2022 at PFL 5 . He lost the bout via head kick and then ground and pound TKO in the first round .
Championships and accomplishments
Ultimate Fighting Championship
Fight of the Night ( One time )
Mixed martial arts record
|-
|Loss
|align=center|11–7
|Chris Wade
|TKO ( head kick and punches )
|PFL 5
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|1:10
|Atlanta , Georgia , United States
|
|-
|Loss
|align=center|11–6
|Bubba Jenkins
|Decision ( unanimous )
|PFL 2
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Arlington , Texas , United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|11–5
| Carlton Minus
| Decision ( split )
| XMMA 4 : Black Magic
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
| New Orleans , Louisiana , United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|10–5
|Marcus Brimage
|Decision ( unanimous )
|XMMA 2 : Saunders vs. Nijem
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Greenville , South Carolina , United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|9–5
|Caio Uruguai
|Decision ( unanimous )
|XMMA : Vick vs Fialho
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|West Palm Beach , Florida , United States
|
|-
|Loss
|align=center|8–5
|Sean Woodson
|Decision ( unanimous )
|UFC on ESPN : Reyes vs. Weidman
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Boston , Massachusetts , United States
|
|-
|Loss
|align=center|8–4
|Hakeem Dawodu
|Decision ( split )
|UFC 231
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Toronto , Ontario , Canada
|
|-
|Loss
|align=center|8–3
|Zabit Magomedsharipov
|Decision ( unanimous )
|UFC 223
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Brooklyn , New York , United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|8–2
|Brandon Davis
||Decision ( unanimous )
|UFC 220
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Boston , Massachusetts , United States
|
|-
|Loss
|align=center| 7–2
|Jeremy Kennedy
||Decision ( unanimous )
|UFC on Fox : Weidman vs. Gastelum
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Uniondale , New York , United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center| 7–1
|Enrique Barzola
|Decision ( split )
|UFC on Fox : Maia vs. Condit
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada
|
|-
|Loss
|align=center| 6–1
|Charles Rosa
|Decision ( unanimous )
|UFC Fight Night : Dillashaw vs. Cruz
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Boston , Massachusetts , United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center| 6–0
|Taylor Trahan
|Submission ( rear-naked choke )
|CES MMA 32
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|3:58
|Lincoln , Rhode Island , United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center| 5–0
|Dominic Warr
|KO ( punch )
|CES MMA 28
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|1:49
|Lincoln , Rhode Island , United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|4–0
|Tom English
|Decision ( unanimous )
|CES MMA 27
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Lincoln , Rhode Island , United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|3–0
|Ruslan Khubejashvili
|Decision ( unanimous )
|CES MMA 26
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Lincoln , Rhode Island , United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|2–0
|Marius Enache
|TKO ( punches )
|CES MMA 22
|
|align=center|2
|align=center|1:44
|Lincoln , Rhode Island , United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|1–0
|Peter Bertucci
|Submission ( rear-naked choke )
|CES MMA 21
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|1:05
|Lincoln , Rhode Island , United States
|
|-
See also
List of current PFL fighters
List of male mixed martial artists
References
External links
Living people
American male mixed martial artists
Featherweight mixed martial artists
Mixed martial artists utilizing Brazilian jiu-jitsu
Mixed martial artists from Massachusetts
Sportspeople from Gloucester , Massachusetts
1987 births
Ultimate Fighting Championship male fighters
American practitioners of Brazilian jiu-jitsu
People from Gloucester , Massachusetts
L.F. Deardorff & Sons Inc. was a manufacturer of wooden-construction , large-format 4 '' x5 '' and larger bellows view camera from 1923 through 1988 . They were used by professional photographic studios .
Company history
Laban F. Deardorff repaired cameras for nearly 30 years before building the first 8x10 Deardorff . He had been employed by Rochester Camera Company in Rochester , New York , during the 1890s .
Model history
Almost all Deardorff cameras were made of mahogany .
1923 saw the first model , the V8 ( or VO8 ) built in Chicago . 15 models were built .
1924 V8 – 50 units built
1925 V8 – 175 units built
1926 – the first batch production . Reference to a 5x7 Deardorff
1937 – started nickel plating and changed to mahogany wood .
1938 – stainless steel first used
1942 – rounded corners for the lens boards
1944 – Spanish cedar used in some cameras
1950 – front swing capability first introduced ; 8 '' x10 '' camera serial numbers begin at `` 500 '' in May 1950
1952 – round metal bed plate
1967 – knobs changed to aluminum from nickel-plated brass
1988 – last year of production
Present – cameras are still in production today , in small quantities , but built to original Chicago specifications
General features
All of the Deardorff view cameras featured swing and tilt movements , and there were optional accessories such as stands and cases .
The 8x20 , 12x20 , 11x14
All Deardorff model featured :
Vertical swing of the back
Lateral swing of the back
Vertical swing of the front 30 degrees each side of center
Photographers ' experiences in using the camera
Photographer David Munson has related his experiences in restoring and using a Deardorff 8x10 . Kevin Klazek also related his experience in restoring a Deardorff V8 in `` View Camera '' magazine .
Publications showing Deardorffs
The February 1998 25th anniversary edition of Texas Monthly featured a Deardorff on the cover and said : The cover shot with the lens in the shape of the state of Texas , mounted on an 8x10 Deardorff , was shot by Pete McArthur . The lens itself was designed by Rick Elden . The work of over 75 photographers was included in their `` 100 best '' , including Richard Avedon , Annie Leibovitz , Helmut Newton , Jim Myers , Kent Kirkley , Mary Ellen Mark , Larry Fink and many others .
See also
Field camera
References
External links
`` Large Format Field Camera Guide ''
`` Flanges & Retainers '' `` Large stock of finished USA and Metric mounting rings . '' This site is good for parts .
`` Firmware update for Deardorff V8 ? '' Note : This is a parody on digital !
Deardorff on Camerapedia
Harry 's Pro Shop for Used Large Format Cameras
Igor 's Camera Exchange - Large Format Cameras
The Wisner/Zone VI History
Large Format Parts
The View Camera Store - Deardorff 8x10 Lensboard
Jack Deardorff Dead in November 2007
Photo Gizmo , Inc .
Light Stalkers
Precision Camera & Video Equipment : Rental Large Format Equipment
Analog Photography User 's Group - Deardorff Restoration discussion
Ground Glass Specialties featuring Satin Snow Groundglass
Camera History Links
Deardorff
Pattalam may refer to :
Pattalam , Chennai , a residential area in Chennai , Tamil Nadu
Pattalam ( 2003 film ) , an Indian Malayalam-language film directed by Lal Jose
Pattalam ( 2009 film ) , an Indian Tamil-language film directed by Rohan Krishna
Truth and Justice ( ) I-V , written in 1926–1933 , is a pentalogy by A. H. Tammsaare , considered to be his most famous work , and one of the foundational works in Estonian literature .
Tammsaare 's social epic captured the evolution of Estonia from a province of the Russian Empire to an independent nation . It was based partly on the author 's own life and centered on the contrast between the urban middle class and hard-working peasantry . The protagonist , Indrek Paas , moves from a farm to a city , witnesses uprisings and upheavals , tries to find peace in marriage and the middle and upper class life-style , but returns disappointed to his roots for a new start .
Book description
The book series can be seen as a thorough overview of developments of Estonian society from about 1870 to about 1930 ; it presents an epic panorama of both the rural and urban societies of that era . Tammsaare 's primary conception was that under the then applicable conditions , reaching a harmony of both truth and justice is impossible , and thus , while many characters will seek it , none will reach this destination .
According to Tammsaare , the first volume of Truth and Justice depicts man 's struggle with the earth , the second with God , the third with society , the fourth with himself and the fifth ends with resignation . Tammsaare 's view was skeptical , in general he saw things as a natural scientist would , his approach being biological rather than psychological . Although the work was deeply rooted in Estonian life , it dealt with many contemporary literary and philosophical issues . With Truth and Justice Tammsaare gained a reputation as one of the most original thinkers and novelists in northern Europe . The last two volumes especially contained more reasoning on the struggle for truth and justice than autobiographical material .
In Truth and Justice Tammsaare draws an ironic portrait of urban intellectuals who have absorbed the middle and upper classes mores and abandoned their moral principles . The novel was written in a time which saw the rise of dictators – Adolf Hitler , Joseph Stalin , Benito Mussolini – and the decline of truth and justice . Indrek , the protagonist , is not a man of action , but through his life story Tammsaare examines the same humanistic ideals of the early 20th century as Romain Rolland , Thomas Mann and John Galsworthy do in their works . In the first part Indrek is actually a minor character , while the protagonist is his father , Andres Paas with his first wife Krõõt , who dies after giving birth to their first son . Andres , who wants to defend what he considers right , eventually loses his vision of right and wrong , and manages to cheat his archenemy , Pearu . In the second part Indrek enters a private school in a town , actually Tartu , although Tammsaare does not mention its name . Indrek falls in love with Ramilda , the daughter of the school director . She dies of tuberculosis and Indrek renounces God , publishing an article in the school paper which gets him expelled from school . In the third part Indrek participates in the revolutionary events of 1905 but is terrified by its frenzy . The fourth part is set in independent Estonia . Indrek has married Karin ; they have two children . After having found out that Karin has been unfaithful , he nearly kills her . Indrek is released on probation . Karin dies in a traffic accident . In the fifth part Indrek returns to his native village .
Part One
Volume I give a generalized overview of life in Estonian village and farmers battle against nature in the last quarter of 19th century .
From a great number of characters , two stand out . Two contrasting men – unique and powerful types , each of whom manifests the characteristics of the Estonian peasant . The whole character of Vargamäe Andres and his destiny is a deeply elaborated artistic generalization of the individual peasant 's life and struggle under the harsh conditions of northern Estonia .
After arriving at his new home , Andres finds himself next to a devious neighbor , Tagapere Pearu . At first Andres does n't take Pearu 's tricks too seriously , but soon Pearu turns out to be as persistent in his grit as Andres is in hard work , and Andres starts to become more and more stern . He starts to fight Pearu with his own means , but is unable to fix the tragic mistakes in his own personal life . Soon Andres becomes more of a somber despot than Pearu ever was . As he sees his ideals failing , Andres searches for consolation in the Bible but becomes more and more self-contained . Pearu on the other hand seems to enjoy an easygoing life . 1905 revolution affects Andres and his family in horrible ways . Now Andres also loses faith in God .
Part Two
The action , based largely on the author 's own memories , takes place in the private grammar school of Mr. Maurus in the early years of the 20th century . The main hero , Indrek , son of Andres , is a young man from the country who comes to town to study . In Maurus ' school he meets a colorful variety of teachers and students of different nations and becomes familiar with new ideas and ways . He is much influenced by the radical opinions of some of the teachers , as well as by the manipulations of Maurus , whom he later blames for having taught him how to tell lies .
The second part of “ Truth and Justice ” has often been named “ man 's battle with God ” . Indrek , having come from a strong religious background of rural regions of the time , starts questioning the existence of God . He falls deeply in love with Maurus ' only daughter Ramilda , and when she dies of tuberculosis , Indrek renounces God , publishing an article in the school paper , which gets him expelled .
Part Three
Volume III deals with 1905–1907 revolution . It conveys the moods of masses and episodes of fighting . At the decisive moment of the revolution , the main character Indrek remains a bystander . He euthanizes his dying mother , Mari , by giving in to her repeated demands to let her overdose on pain killers .
Part Four
The fourth book is a story about the basic conflict between husband and wife , man and woman , during the early years of the Estonian Republic . A decade has passed since the end of the First World War and the Estonian War of Independence , and people of the new republic try to follow the European trends , sometimes forgetting the old traditions . It is a world of freedom and democracy , but also a world of fishy mortgage , real estate and business affairs .
While Karin , Indrek 's wife , wishes to be a part of the rising middle and upper class society , Indrek thinks that salvation and meaning of life can be found only in hard work . The inability of husband and wife to understand each other creates a dramatic conflict with unexpectedly tragic consequences .
Although written in the beginning of the 1930s , the story contains many striking resemblances to the social atmosphere in modern Estonia .
Part Five
In part five , events take place in the countryside once more . Here the life is being observed roughly half a century after the events in the first book . In a simple lifestyle and hard work , the protagonist can finally rediscover his inner balance .
Notable characters
Andres
Pearu
Andres ' nemesis Pearu is not evil in his heart . Though he is restless in harassing his neighbour and is motivated by jealousy and need to compete , he has also a brighter side – he can be kind , friendly and magnanimous . He enjoys life as a game , bickering and contest . Right and wrong , good and evil , truth and lie are all a game to him .
Indrek
Indrek was born to into a traditional farm family before the turn of the 20th century .
In Vol.II , he leaves home for an education at a private school where he is exposed to modern skepticism . His first love is a girl who dies of tuberculosis . It 's a trauma which shakes his belief in God and leads to his expulsion from school .
In Vol.III , he moves to town and accidentally gets caught up in a group associated with the Russian revolution of 1905 . Initially the lofty ideals appeal to him . As they are put into action , however , he is appalled by the gratuitous violence and self-serving actions of many of the revolutionaries . At the height of the violence , Indrek leaves the group to tend to his mother , suffering greatly and in need of pain killers . After Indrek acquires some from town , his mother badgers Indrek to give her an overdose which euthanizes her .
In Vol.IV , marries and starts a family . Family life is unhappy .
In Vol.V , he returns to the family farm where he began .
So far , only Vol.I have appeared in English . Translations of Vol.II and III , are in progress .
Mister Maurus
Mister Maurus ( , also Papa Maurus ) is an archetypal school teacher character , inspired by Hugo Treffner .
The character appears primarily in the second part of Tammsaare 's pentalogy .
Film
In 2019 , the first book in the pentalogy was adapted into a film by director Tanel Toom for Allfilm and starred Priit Loog as Andres , Priit Võigemast as Pearu , Ester Kuntu as Mari , and Maiken Schmidt as Krõõt . By mid-March 2019 , Toom 's critically acclaimed adaptation has become the most-watched film ever shown in Estonian cinemas .
References
Estonian novels
Novel series
1926 novels
Estonian novels adapted into films
Kaminski Nunatak ( ) is a cone-shaped nunatak southeast of the Rivas Peaks in the Neptune Range , Pensacola Mountains , Antarctica . It was mapped by the United States Geological Survey from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos , 1956–66 , and was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Francis Kaminski , an aerographer at Ellsworth Station , winter 1958 .
References
Nunataks of Queen Elizabeth Land
St Paul 's Church , Coven is a Grade II listed parish church in the Church of England in Coven , Staffordshire
History
The church was built in 1857 by architect Edward Banks . It was built in the Early English style , and consists of a nave by , two transepts by , a chancel by . It had a gallery with total seating capacity of 396 . The contractor was built by Godfrey of Birmingham .
It was consecrated by the Bishop of Lichfield on 5 February 1857 .
The churchyard contains two war graves of British Army soldiers of World War II .
See also
Listed buildings in Brewood and Coven
References
Church of England church buildings in Staffordshire
Churches completed in 1857
Grade II listed buildings in Staffordshire
1857 establishments in England
Chilean Venezuelans are Venezuelans of Chilean descent or Chileans who have obtained Venezuelan citizenship . This migratory flow was one of the main destinations for exiles from the Pinochet dictatorship , at which time approximately 80,000 people came to Venezuela , in addition to professional migrants motivated by the oil boom occurred between 1950 and 1980 .
In 2011 , the Miranda State was the state with the highest concentration of Chileans ( 2,744 in total ) , followed by the Bolívar State ( 1,947 in total ) and the Capital District ( 1,334 in total ) . Several activities are carried out within the Chilean communities of Venezuela , such as the 1973 coup d'état commemoration and the celebration of native land holidays .
Notable people
Chilean immigrants in Venezuela
Isabel Allende , writer ( she lived in Venezuela between 1975 and 1988 )
Jaime Castillo Velasco , lawyer and politician
Beto Cuevas , singer
Venezuelans descendants of Chileans
George Forsyth , footballer
Gregorio González Nicolini , filmmaker and financial analyst
Jorge Valdivia , footballer
See also
Chile–Venezuela relations
Tarapacá migrant crisis
References
Venezuela
Martín Maximiliano Guzmán ( born 12 October 1982 ) is an Argentine economist , who served as Minister of Economy in the cabinet of President Alberto Fernández from December 2019 to July 2022 .
Early life and education
Martín Maximiliano Guzmán was born on 12 October 1982 in La Plata , Buenos Aires Province . Guzmán studied at the National University of La Plata , where he graduated with a degree of Licenciate in Economics in 2005 , then going on to receive a Master of Science in Economics in 2007 . In 2013 he earned a doctorate on Economics from Brown University . His theoretical influences include Carlos Daniel Heymann and Joseph Stiglitz .
Academics
At the Columbia Business School , Guzmán is an Associate Research Scholar at the Economics Division , director of Columbia University Initiative for Policy Dialogue 's Debt Restructuring Program and editor-in-chief of the Journal of Globalization and Development , specializing on the fields of public debt , international macroeconomics and monetary economics .
On 27 November 2021 , Pope Francis named Guzmán a numbered member of the Pontifical Academy of Social Sciences .
Minister of Economy
His first legislative initiative , the Social Solidarity and Productive Recovery Bill , was passed by Congress on 23 December .
The bill included tax hikes on foreign currency purchases , agricultural exports , wealth , and car sales - as well as tax incentives for production . Amid the worst recession in nearly two decades , it provided a 180-day freeze on utility rates , bonuses for the nation 's retirees and Universal Allocation per Child beneficiaries , and food cards to two million of Argentina 's poorest families .
It also gave the president additional powers to renegotiate debt terms – with Argentina seeking to restructure its US $ 100 billion debt with private bondholders and US $ 45 billion borrowed by Mauricio Macri administration from the International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) .
The IMF reported that the COVID-19 crisis would plunge Argentina 's GDP by 9.9 % . Unemployment jumped from 8.9 % in late 2019 to 13.1 % in the second quarter of 2020 ( the highest since 2004 ) , at the height of the Covid-related lockdown - but eased steadily afterwards , to 7 % by late 2021 .
On 4 August 2020 , Guzmán reached an accord with the biggest creditors on terms for a restructuring of $ 65 billion in foreign bonds , after a breakthrough in talks that had at times looked close to collapse since the country 's ninth debt default in May . The country 's public foreign debt , which had nearly doubled during the Macri administration , slimmed from $ 197 billion in late 2019 to $ 191 billion in late 2021 .
Under Guzmán , Argentina also refinanced a record , $ 45 billion IMF bailout debt inherited from the Macri administration - and saw 10.4 % growth in 2021 and 5.7 % in January–April 2022 , after three years of deep recession . Inflation , however , remained stubbornly high - initially slowing from 54 % in 2019 to 36 % in 2020 ; but rising to over 60 % by May 2022 .
On 2 July 2022 , following depreciation of the peso and shortages of diesel fuel , and amid pressure from the left wing of the governing coalition , Guzmán resigned as Minister of Economy .
References
External links
Official website of the Ministry of Economy ( in Spanish )
1982 births
Living people
People from La Plata
Argentine economists
Argentine Ministers of Finance
Argentine politicians
National University of La Plata alumni
National University of La Plata faculty
Brown University alumni
Columbia Business School faculty
The Council for Security Cooperation in the Asia-Pacific ( CSCAP ) is a `` non-governmental ( second track ) process for dialogue on security issues in Asia Pacific . '' There are currently twenty one member committees of CSCAP ( from Australia , Cambodia , Canada , the European Union , India , Indonesia , Japan , Malaysia , Mongolia , Myanmar , New Zealand , North Korea , Papua New Guinea , the People 's Republic of China , the Philippines , Russia , Singapore , South Korea , Thailand , the United States of America , and Vietnam ) and one observer ( from the Pacific Islands Forum ) . The importance of CSCAP for regional integration and for discussing sensitive issues that official diplomacy may not be able to take on have been pointed out by various international relations scholars .
Singapore 's former President S R Nathan was one of the pioneers of CSCAP - setting the direction and content in its formative years .
References
External links
CSCAP 's official website
International organizations based in Asia
Sibthorpia europaea is a species of flowering plant known by the common name Cornish moneywort . It can be found as a disjunct distribution in Western Europe from the Azores , Portugal and Spain to south-western Ireland and south-western United Kingdom . It also occurs in Crete , Pelion , Greece and tropical Africa . It is a prostrate perennial plant that is found in moist habitats .
Taxonomy
The genus Sibthorpia is named after Dr Humphry Sibthorp who was the Sherardian Professor of Botany at the University of Oxford from 1747 to 1783 .
Description
Sibthorpia europaea is a small prostrate plant forming mats of thread-like stems which root as they creep across the ground . The mid-green hairy leaves are kidney-shaped and deeply notched . The flowers are tiny and develop singly in the leaf axils . They have relatively long stalks and five pinkish corolla-lobes , and appear from June onwards .
Distribution and habitat
Sibthorpia europaea has a discontinuous distribution in Western Europe and tropical Africa . It is known from County Kerry in southwestern Ireland , South Wales , southwestern England , and East Sussex , Spain , Portugal , the Azores , Crete , Pelion ( Greece ) and tropical Africa . It may be that this unusual distribution represents remnants of a species that was more widespread in the Tertiary period . It typically inhabits moist , shady locations such as stream-banks , the sides of ditches , woodland , wet heathland , shady path verges , lawns and old walls and banks with a thin covering of soil . In Ireland it grows at altitudes up to but populations seem to be dwindling as it faces competition from the more aggressive New Zealand willowherb .
References
External links
Plantaginaceae
Flora of Africa
Flora of Europe
Taxa named by Carl Linnaeus
Charles Edward Sayle ( 6 December 1864 – 4 July 1924 ) was an English Uranian poet , literary scholar and librarian . He was the youngest son of Robert Sayle , a wealthy salesman , and Priscilla Caroline Sayle . He served as an under-librarian at Cambridge University Library . His works include Bertha : a story of love ( 1885 ) , Wicliff : an historical drama ( 1887 ) , Erotidia ( 1889 ) , Musa Consolatrix ( 1893 ) , Private Music ( 1911 ) and Cambridge Fragments ( 1913 ) . He also edited an anthology of verse , In Praise of Music ( 1897 ) and compiled Annals of Cambridge University Library ; 1278-1900 ( 1916 ) . He edited the 3-volume Works of Sir Thomas Browne ; volumes I & II were published in 1904 by Grant Richards in London ; volume III was published in 1907 by John Grant in Edinburgh .
Charles Sayle 's salon , a circle of bright , handsome and predominantly homosexual young men who congregated at his house in Cambridge , included Rupert Brooke , George Mallory , Augustus Bartholomew and Geoffrey Keynes .
Sayle 's publisher was Bernard Quaritch , a bookseller who specialised in unpopular but praiseworthy scholastic publications .
Notes
External links
Sayle 's 1893 volume of poems , Musa Consolatrix , downloadable at Google Books
British gay writers
1864 births
1924 deaths
English librarians
English LGBT poets
English male poets
Sepuh Sargsyan ( traditional Eastern Armenian , Persian , in reformed orthography ) or Sebouh Sarkissian ( Western Armenian , born in 1946 in Qamishli , Syria ) is an Armenian Apostolic clergyman . Currently he is prelate and archbishop of the Armenian Diocese of Tehran located at Saint Sarkis Cathedral , which is under the jurisdiction of the Holy See of Cilicia .
Biography
Sebouh Sarkissian grew up in the Armenian community of Qamishli , where he went to the local Armenian School and learned Western Armenian as well as Arabic . In 1961 he entered the Armenian Seminary of the Holy See of Cilicia in Antelias in Lebanon . He became a deacon in 1965 und was ordained a priest in 1968 . From 1968 to 1970 he studied Arabic literature and Islamic philosophy at Saint Joseph University in Beirut . From 1970 to 1974 he worked as pastor in Basra ( Iraq ) and taught Armenian language , history and religion at an Armenian school . In 1978 he became member of the Middle East Council of Churches and was Director General of Sunday schools in Lebanon from 1978 to 1998 , where he was responsible for the spiritual upbringing of the new generation . From 1979 he studied Christian-Muslim relations in Birmingham , where he received the Master 's degree in 1981 . In 1997 he was invited by Archbishop Aram I to the International Council of Churches . Sarkissian attended many conferences at the Seminary of Antelias for the dialogue between Islam and Christianity . He is the only priest of Cilicia with a degree in Islamic studies . He is the author of numerous religious books and articles published in Armenian , Arabic and English .
In 1992 he received the episcopal ordination , and from 1992 to 1998 he was a Patriarchal vicar of Kuwait and the Gulf and led the Armenian Diocese of Kuwait from 1998 to 1999 . After the death of the Armenian Archbishop of Tehran , Beirut-born Artak Manukian ( 1931–1999 ) , Sepuh Sargsyan was appointed locum tenens , becoming responsible for the Armenian community in the Diocese of Tehran , where he arrived on 26 December 1999 . On 6 June 2000 at the 11th National Representative Assembly of the Prelacy of Tehran he was unanimously elected out of three candidates the Prelate of the Armenian Diocese of Tehran and confirmed by Catholicos Aram I . Since then he has been Armenian Archbishop of Tehran .
On 4 April 2016 , he held a service at Saint Sarkis Cathedral of Tehran in remembrance of the Armenian soldiers fallen during the 2016 Nagorno-Karabakh clashes . He stated that the most important thing in human life is the sacrifice of love for the homeland . On 24 July 2017 he was received in Stepanakert by the President of the Republic of Artsakh , Bako Sahakyan .
Political views
In an interview with the Armenian-language daily Alik of Tehran in November 2016 Sargsyan expressed his concern over extremist , Islamist movements in the Middle East threatening the life of Christians but he pointed out that , by contrast , in Islamic Republic of Iran it is possible for Armenian Christians to live in peace . He also greeted `` our brave people in Syria and especially the Syrian-Armenian children . ''
Sargsyan also criticized the Trump administration 's Iran policy and prayed for the protection of Iran after Donald Trump increased sanctions .
References
External links
Տ. Սեպուհ Արք . Սարգսեան ` Առաջնորդ Թեհրանի Հայոց Թեմի . Առաջնորդարան Թեհրանի Հայոց Թեմի ( The Armenian Diocese of Tehran , in Armenian )
Sebouh Ohan Sarkissian . Orthodoxia , University of Fribourg/Freiburg , Switzerland
Bishops of the Armenian Apostolic Church
1946 births
Syrian people of Armenian descent
20th-century Oriental Orthodox bishops
21st-century Oriental Orthodox archbishops
Living people
People from Qamishli
Armenian Apostolic Church in Iran
The Alabama State Fairgrounds are located in West Birmingham , adjacent to the Five Points West shopping area .
The State Fair Arena and Exposition Building covers a combined total of . The fairgrounds were acquired by the City of Birmingham in 1947 .
For many years , the grounds were home to the Alabama State Fair . The old grandstand ( later called the Birmingham International Raceway [ BIR ] ) was home to both automobile and harness racing , as well as shows and concerts ( the BIR closed in the late 2000s ) . The statue of Vulcan , which is now a Birmingham landmark atop Red Mountain , was originally displayed at the Fairgrounds , either whole or in pieces during its construction .
The state fair discontinued regular use of the facility because of poor attendance and high crime in the adjacent neighborhood . The Alabama State Fair Authority went bankrupt , and was dissolved sometime around the year 2001 . No state fair has been held on a regular basis since ; an effort to revive the state fair again in 2008 took place at the Verizon Wireless Music Center in nearby Pelham . ( The `` Alabama National Fair '' in Montgomery is unrelated . ) In 2009 there was an Alabama State Fair .
`` Kiddieland , '' a small amusement park located at the Fairgrounds , was a popular attraction for many years but closed in the early 1990s . A `` Mikado '' steam locomotive , # 4018 , which once worked on the St. Louis-San Francisco Railway was displayed on the grounds from 1952 to 2009 . It has since been relocated to Sloss Furnaces .
During the civil rights demonstrations of the 1960s , the Fairgrounds were used by Police Commissioner Bull Connor to imprison arrested demonstrators when the city 's jails were full .
The Fairgrounds have also been used by the Federal Emergency Management Agency for a disaster outreach event .
Former Fairgrounds manager Tom Drilias resigned in 1999 following a dispute over unpaid bills at another festival he ran , and was later the subject of an article in the Chicago Tribune reporting a series of legal problems .
Birmingham International Raceway ( BIR ) was located inside the gates of the Fairgrounds ; it was demolished in January 2009 , to make room for the construction of a natatorium and indoor track and field facility .
References
External links
The Alabama State Fairgrounds by the City of Birmingham .
Google Maps Link
Buildings and structures in Birmingham , Alabama
Fairgrounds in the United States
Tourist attractions in Birmingham , Alabama
News Media Ownership v Findlay [ 1970 ] NZLR 1089 is a cited case in New Zealand regarding the defence of fair comment / honest opinion to a claim involving defamation .
Background
News Media 's newspaper Truth ran a campaign to bring back caning . In the process , they made allegations against opposition MP Findlay that his views to the contrary were based on the fact that as he was a lawyer , he was more interested in the extra legal fees an anti-caning policy would bring him , rather than any perceived interest in victims of domestic violence .
Findlay , later sued for defamation , and was later awarded $ 15,000 . NMO appealed .
Held
The Court of Appeal dismissed the appeal .
References
Court of Appeal of New Zealand cases
New Zealand tort case law
1970 in New Zealand law
1970 in case law
This is a list of Cowdenbeath Football Club 's seasons since their admission to the Scottish Football League in 1905–06 to the present day . The list details Cowdenbeath 's record in major league and cup competitions and includes the top scorers for each season where available .
Seasons
Key
P = Played
W = Games won
D = Games drawn
L = Games lost
F = Goals for
A = Goals against
Pts = Points
Pos = Final position
DNQ=Did Not Qualify
NH=Not Held
PR1=Preliminary Round 1
R1 = Round 1
R2 = Round 2
R3 = Round 3
R4 = Round 4
R5 = Round 5
SR = Supplementary Round
QF = Quarter-finals
SF = Semi-finals
CFL = Central Football League
EFL = Eastern Football League
ED = Emergency League Eastern Division
SFL 1 = Scottish First Division
SFL 2 = Scottish Second Division
SFL 3 = Scottish Third Division
SFL B = Southern Football League Division B
Champ = Scottish Championship
League 1 = Scottish League One
Notes
References
Seasons
Cowdenbeath
The FIFA World Cup , sometimes called the Football World Cup or the Soccer World Cup , but usually referred to simply as the World Cup , is an international association football competition contested by the men 's national teams of the members of Fédération Internationale de Football Association ( FIFA ) , the sport 's global governing body . The championship has been awarded every four years since the first tournament in 1930 , except in 1942 and 1946 due to World War II .
The tournament consists of two parts , the qualification phase and the final phase ( officially called the World Cup Finals ) . The qualification phase , which currently take place over the three years preceding the Finals , is used to determine which teams qualify for the Finals . The current format of the Finals involves 32 teams competing for the title , at venues within the host nation ( or nations ) over a period of about a month . The World Cup Finals is the most widely viewed sporting event in the world , with an estimated 715.1 million people watching the 2006 tournament final .
Switzerland have appeared in the finals of the World Cup on 11 occasions , the first being at the second finals in 1934 , where they finished in seventh position .
They have made their eleventh appearance in the 2018 World Cup in Russia .
World Cup record
Switzerland 's record at FIFA World Cups :
* Draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks .
By match
Match records
1934 FIFA World Cup
The group stage used in the first World Cup was discarded in favour of a straight knockout tournament .
1938 FIFA World Cup
1950 FIFA World Cup
1954 FIFA World Cup
Switzerland hosted the tournament in 1954 and reached the quarter-final for a third time , where the team was beaten 7–5 by neighbouring Austria .
Switzerland finished ahead of Italy by winning a play-off
1962 FIFA World Cup
After missing out on the previous tournament , Switzerland qualified for the 1962 edition , held in Chile . Unfortunately , they finished at the bottom of Group 2 without a single point , having lost all their matches .
1966 FIFA World Cup
Despite securing back-to-back qualification for the FIFA World Cups , Switzerland 's performance in the 1966 edition was far more abysmal . They lost all of their matches once more , including a 5-0 walloping by eventual runners-up West Germany in their opening game . To date , this remains as Switzerland 's worst performance .
This was also Switzerland 's last FIFA World Cup campaign in 28 years , as their next appearance at the tournament would come in the 1994 edition .
West Germany was placed first due to superior goal average .
1994 FIFA World Cup
Note : Switzerland 's fourth goal is also credited to Georges Bregy .
2006 FIFA World Cup
The World Cup 2006 in Germany was the first World Cup for Switzerland since their participation at the World Cup 1994 . After finishing second behind France in qualifying group 4 , they defeated Turkey in the play-off round 2–0 and 4–2 to qualify for the main tournament .
In the group stage , they played again against France . The game played in Stuttgart ended in a goalless draw . After defeating Togo 2–0 in Dortmund and South Korea also 2–0 in Hannover , they finished first in group G and qualified for the knockout stage . In the second round of the tournament , they faced Ukraine in Cologne . The game had to be decided in a penalty shootout since no goal was scored after 120 minutes . Ukraine won the shootout 3–0 . Switzerland was the only team in tournament not to have conceded a goal during regulation time in their matches . Switzerland 's top scorer at the tournament was Alexander Frei with two goals . When Switzerland lost 3–0 on penalties , that was the first time that a team lost on penalties without scoring a single goal in the penalties .
All times local ( CEST/UTC+2 )
2010 FIFA World Cup
Switzerland were the only team to beat eventual world champion Spain , by a 0–1 victory in the group stage . In spite of this , they did not survive the first round .
2014 FIFA World Cup
At the 2014 FIFA World Cup , Switzerland were drawn in Group E along with Ecuador , France , and Honduras . They opened their campaign with a 2–1 victory over Ecuador in Brasilia . However , in their next match , they suffered a 5–2 defeat to France . Despite the initial setback , a 3–0 victory in their final game against Honduras , courtesy of a hat-trick by Xherdan Shaqiri sent them into the round of 16 , where they faced the two-time world champions and eventual runners-up Argentina .
The game was goalless and nearly heading to penalties when Ángel Di María scored a 118th-minute extra time goal to send Argentina into the quarter-finals . Despite being eliminated in the round of 16 , it was Switzerland 's best performance in eight years .
All times local : five matches are in Brasília official time ( UTC−3 ) , while Honduras v Switzerland , played in Manaus , is in the Amazon time zone ( UTC−4 ) .
Record players
Top goalscorers
With six goals at Switzerland 's home tournament in 1954 , Josef Hügi won the shared Silver Boot - the only individual FIFA World Cup award ever received by a Swiss player .
Squads
References
External links
Switzerland at FIFA
World Cup Finals Statistics
Countries at the FIFA World Cup
Switzerland national football team
is a Japanese actor . He is best known for his role as Hoji Tomasu/Deka Blue in the 2004 TV series Tokusou Sentai Dekaranger .
Filmography
TV series
Kunimitsu no Matsuri ( KTV , 2003 , ep10-11 )
Marusa ! ! ( Fuji TV , 2003 , ep9 )
Onsen e Iko ! 4 ( TBS , 2003 )
Sky High ( TV Asahi , 2003 , ep7 )
Stand Up ! ! ( TBS , 2003 , ep4,6 )
Hamano Shizuka wa Jiken ga Osuki ( Fuji TV , 2004 , ep2 )
Tokusou Sentai Dekaranger ( TV Asahi , 2004- 2005 ) – Hoji Tomasu/Deka Blue
Astro Kyudan ( TV Asahi , 2005 ) – Uno Kyuichi
H2 ( TBS , 2005 ) – Tsukigata
Tantei Boogie ( 探偵ブギ ) ( TV Tokyo , 2006 , ep3 )
Galileo ( Fuji TV , 2007 ) – Murase Kensuke
Kamen Rider Den-O ( TV Asahi , 2007 , ep30 )
Onna Keiji Mizuki 2 ( TV Asahi , 2007 , ep11 )
Shukan Akagawa Jiro ( 週刊 赤川次郎 ) ( TV Tokyo , 2007 , ep6-10 )
ROOKIES ( TBS , 2008 , ep6-8,10-11 )
Egoist ( Fuji TV , 2009 )
Mr . Brain ( TBS , 2009 , ep7
Film
Tokusou Sentai Dekaranger The Movie : Full Blast Action ( 2004 ) – Hoji Tomasu/Deka Blue
Tokusou Sentai Dekaranger vs. Abaranger ( 2005 ) – Hoji Tomasu/Deka Blue
Mahou Sentai Magiranger vs. Dekaranger ( 2006 ) – Hoji Tomasu/Deka Blue
Shiawase no Switch ( 2006 )
Giniro no Season ( 2007 )
Tsubaki Sanjuro ( 2007 )
Dubbing
Power Rangers S.P.D . ( 2005 , 2011 ) – Sky Tate/SPD Blue Ranger
References
1982 births
Living people
Japanese male television actors
Japanese male film actors
People from Kobe
Leo Frederick Douglass ( February 13 , 1901 – April 3 , 1985 ) was a professional football who played in the National Football League in 1926 . Douglass split the 1926 season playing for the Brooklyn Lions and the Frankford Yellow Jackets . He won the 1926 NFL championship when with Yellow Jackets .
Prior to joining the NFL , Douglass played for the Millville Big Blue based in Millville , New Jersey . He scored 8 touchdowns for the Big Blue that season . In January 1926 , several members of the team traveled to Florida to play several pick-up games against the Tampa Cardinals , featuring Jim Thorpe . The team that was formed was called the Haven-Villa of Winter Haven , which consisted of many Big Blue players as well as some other from the Frankford Yellow Jackets and the NFL 's Pottsville Maroons . Douglass also played for the Bethlehem Bears of the Eastern League of Professional Football in 1926 .
Prior to playing professional football , Douglass played college football at Lehigh University and the University of Vermont
References
No Alibis ( October 22 , 1920 New York Times )
Millville Big Blue 1925
Bethlehem Bears Eastern League of Professional Football Claimants , 1926
1901 births
1985 deaths
Sportspeople from Middlesex County , Massachusetts
Players of American football from Massachusetts
American football fullbacks
Brooklyn Lions players
Frankford Yellow Jackets players
Lehigh Mountain Hawks football players
Vermont Catamounts football players
University of Vermont alumni
Millville Football & Athletic Club players
People from Wakefield , Massachusetts
Greenwood High School is a public , co-educational 9-12 secondary school in the Greenwood area , in unincorporated Midland County , Texas , with a Midland postal address . It is a part of the Greenwood Independent School District .
Demographics
The demographic breakdown of the 527 students enrolled in 2013-14 was :
Male - 55.8 %
Female - 44.2 %
Native American/Alaskan - 0.2 %
Asian/Pacific islanders - 0.2 %
Black - 1.3 %
Hispanic - 37.4 %
White - 59.4 %
Multiracial - 1.5 %
21.6 % of the students were eligible for free or reduced lunch .
Athletics
Greenwood High School fields teams in football , baseball , basketball , volleyball , cross-country , tennis , golf , softball , powerlifting , and track and field . They compete in UIL district 4A .
Mascot
The mascot for Greenwood High is the Ranger man . He is commonly seen with 2 revolvers and a cowboy hat . Recently , a female counterpart has been with the Ranger man named the Rangerette .
Welding
GISD has had a very impressive welding team for quite a long time . The leader of the team is the welding instructure , Terryel Gloden .
References
External links
Greenwood High School
Public high schools in Texas
Schools in Midland County , Texas
Janusz Gaudyn ( 25 February 1935 in Katowice-Ochojec – 22 June 1984 in Trzyniec ) was a Polish physician , writer and poet . He is known mostly for his aphorisms .
Gaudyn lived since 1939 in the Zaolzie region and spent his youth in Frysztat . He graduated from the Juliusz Słowacki Polish Gymnasium in Orłowa and later from medical studies at the Palacký University in Olomouc . He worked as an internist in the hospital in Český Těšín and later as a general practitioner in Trzycież , he lived in Trzyniec . Gaudyn was a member of the Polish Cultural and Educational Union and several literary organizations .
Works
Fraszki i fraszeczki ( 1967 )
Zdania ( 1969 )
Duet ( 1969 ) ( together with Gabriel Palowski )
List ( 1980 )
My ( 1980 )
Z tej ziemi : 129 fraszek o miłości ( 1983 )
References
Further reading
1935 births
1984 deaths
People from Katowice
Polish general practitioners
Polish people from Zaolzie
Palacký University Olomouc alumni
20th-century Polish poets
20th-century Polish male writers
Otis is an unincorporated community in New Durham Township , LaPorte County , Indiana .
Geography
Otis is located at .
History
Settled in 1851 , the town was named Salem Crossing by the Michigan Southern Railroad along whose tracks the community grew . By the time the village was platted in 1870 , it was called LaCroix , courtesy of the Monon .
The town served as an important station during the Civil War since all soldiers from northern Indiana were required to travel by Monon troop trains south from LaCroix . The community bustled with the arrivals and departures of troops and the hotels and merchants thrived on the needs of soldiers for rooms , food and store goods .
It was along the Monon that the funeral train of the assassinated President Abraham Lincoln traveled to Illinois . Although the funeral cortege was not scheduled to stop at LaCroix , the crowd which had gathered around the refueling train was so large that the officials allowed the waiting people to view the body of the fallen president .
After the war , LaCroix was still called Salem Crossing by some . To eliminate the confusion , the town was given the name of the district congressman , General Packard . In 1872 , Packard himself suggested the name of Otis . The town today is a small unincorporated community of farmers and commuters .
References
Unincorporated communities in LaPorte County , Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
This table shows an overview of the protected heritage sites in the Walloon town Waver , or Wavre . This list is part of Belgium 's national heritage .
| }
See also
Lists of protected heritage sites in Walloon Brabant
Wavre
References
Belgian heritage register : Direction générale opérationnelle - Aménagement du territoire , Logement , Patrimoine et Energie ( DG4 )
www.dglive.be
Wavre
Wavre
Parapusillimonas is a genus of bacteria from the family of Alcaligenaceae with one known species ( Parapusillimonas granuli ) .
References
Further reading
Burkholderiales
Bacteria genera
Monotypic bacteria genera
Thomas MacMillan Black ( born 7 February 1956 ) is a Scottish former first-class cricketer and educator .
Black was born at Greenock in February 1956 . He was educated at the Ardrossan Academy , before going up to Jordanhill College . A club cricketer for Greenock Cricket Club , he made his debut for Scotland in a first-class cricket match against Ireland at Dublin in 1979 . Batting twice in the match , he was dismissed in the Scotland first innings for 31 runs by Dermott Monteith , while in their second innings he was dismissed for 57 runs by Michael Halliday , the highest score of the innings . The following year he made his debut in List A one-day cricket against Nottinghamshire in the 1980 Benson & Hedges Cup , with Black making a further appearance in the tournament against Lancashire . His next appearances for Scotland came in the 1985 Benson & Hedges Cup , with him making three further one-day appearances during the tournament . In his five one-day matches , Black scored 83 runs with the highest score of 38 , while with his right-arm medium pace bowling he took 2 wickets . In club cricket , he was a captain of Greenock Cricket Club .
In the late 1970s , Black was being scouted by English county Kent . However , he was seriously injured in a car accident in 1979 , breaking his back in two places . This put paid to a move into county cricket . In June 2009 , he was found guilty of dangerous driving having been caught speeding at in his Porsche ; Greenock Sheriff Court banned Black from driving for three months and fined him £500 . Outside of cricket , Black worked as a physical education teacher at Wellington Academy .
References
External links
1956 births
Living people
People from Greenock
People educated at Ardrossan Academy
Scottish cricketers
Scottish schoolteachers
Matt Barrie may refer to :
Matt Barrie ( businessman ) , Australian technology entrepreneur
Matt Barrie ( sportscaster ) , American ESPN sportscaster
The Community of St. Francis ( CSF ) is a Franciscan Anglican religious order of sisters founded in 1905 , and is the oldest surviving Anglican Franciscan religious community . As First Order sisters , the CSF is an autonomous part of the Society of St. Francis ( First Order brothers ) , which also includes the Order of St. Clare ( Second Order sisters ) , and a Third Order of secular members living as a dispersed community . Living under a Franciscan Rule , the sisters ' primary vocation is prayer , study , and work in the context of community life . Some sisters serve as priests , and others live a solitary life .
History
The community was begun in 1905 by Sr Rosina Eleanor Rice , who left another Anglican religious order , the Society of the Sisters of Bethany , to found CSF . After a short period in Hull , the sisters moved to Dalston in East London in 1908 , where they supported themselves by working in the parish , caring for the sick and dying , and running a laundry . In the late 1950s their house came under a compulsory purchase order , and in 1962 CSF moved to a house in the hamlet of Compton Durville , near Yeovil in Somerset . There they ran a nursing home for elderly women for some years , before changing their ministry to one of hospitality . CSF grew considerably , and new houses were founded in other parts of the country . In 2010 the sisters closed their house at Compton Durville .
Structure
The order is under the leadership of a Minister General , currently Sr Sue Berry CSF , who was elected in 2020 . Under the Minister General the Order is divided into provinces , each governed by a Minister Provincial .
CSF European Province
The European Province currently has the following houses of the Order :
St Alphege Clergy House at Southwark in south London .
San Damiano House at Metheringham in Lincolnshire .
St Francis ' House at Birmingham in the West Midlands .
St Matthew 's House at Leicester in Leicestershire .
CSF American Province
The American Province , established in 1974 , is currently located in a single house :
St Francis ' House at San Francisco in California .
CSF Korea
The semi-autonomous mission in Korea is not yet large enough to achieve provincial status , and the single convent at Gumi is part of the European Province , and under the authority of the European Minister Provincial .
References
Anglican Religious Life 2010-11 . Norwich : Canterbury Press , 2009
Franciscan ; issued by the Society of St Francis , Hilfield . ( Three issues a year )
Elizabeth CSF , Corn of Wheat , Becket Publications , 1981
Barrie Williams , The Franciscan Revival in the Anglican Communion , DLT , 1982
External links
Website for the European Province
Website for the American Province
The Society of St. Francis
Details from the Anglican Communion website
Website for Anglican Religious Life
Christian organizations established in 1905
Anglican religious orders established in the 20th century
1905 establishments in the United Kingdom
`` 911 / Mr. Lonely '' is a song by American rapper Tyler , the Creator . It was released on June 30 , 2017 alongside , `` Who Dat Boy '' through Columbia Records , as the lead singles from his fourth studio album Flower Boy . The song was produced by Tyler and features guest vocals from Frank Ocean , Steve Lacy , and Anna of the North .
Background
Tyler , the Creator released a preview of the song at the end of his music video for `` Who Dat Boy '' . Tyler then released the song along with `` Who Dat Boy '' as double singles on June 30 , 2017 . The song is an interpolation of `` Outstanding '' by The Gap Band .
Track listing
Charts
Release history
References
2017 singles
2017 songs
Columbia Records singles
Frank Ocean songs
Music medleys
Neo soul songs
Songs about loneliness
Songs written by Frank Ocean
Songs written by Steve Lacy ( guitarist )
Songs written by Tyler , the Creator
Tyler , the Creator songs
Old Norse Yngvi , Old High German Ing/Ingwi and Old English Ingƿine are names that relate to a theonym which appears to have been the older name for the god Freyr . Proto-Germanic * Ingwaz was the legendary ancestor of the Ingaevones , or more accurately Ingvaeones , and is also the reconstructed name of the Elder Futhark rune ᛜ and Anglo-Saxon rune ᛝ , representing ŋ .
A torc , the so-called `` Ring of Pietroassa '' , part of a late third to fourth century Gothic hoard discovered in Romania , is inscribed in much-damaged runes , one reading of which is gutanī [ i ( ng ) ] wi [ n ] hailag `` to Ingwi [ n ] of the Goths holy '' .
Etymology
Old Norse Yngvi as well as Old High German Inguin and Old English Ingƿine are all derived from the Proto-Germanic * Ingwaz . Sound changes in late-Proto-Germanic transformed * Ingwaz into * Ingwi ( z ) in the nominative case and * Ingwin in the accusative case . His epithet * Fraujaz appears in Old Norse compounds Ingvifreyr and Ingunarfreyr . In Beowulf we see Hrothgar called ( OE ) fréa inguina , which means 'Lord of the Inguins ' , i.e . lord of the Ingvaeones , the 'friends of Ing ' . This strongly indicates that the two deities , Ing and Freyr are indeed the same . The Ingvaeones , who occupied a territory roughly equivalent to modern Denmark , Frisia and the Low Countries at the turn of the millennium , were mentioned by Pliny the Elder in his Natural Histories as one of `` five Germanic tribes '' . Tacitus asserts their descent from the three sons of Mannus or * Mannaz cognate with Manus in Hinduism , the 'first man ' , of whom * Ingwaz may have been one . Other names that retain the theonym are Inguiomerus or Ingemar and Yngling , the name of an old Scandinavian dynasty .
The Ingwaz rune
The rune ( with variants and ) together with Peorð and Eihwaz is among the problematic cases of runes of uncertain derivation unattested in early inscriptions . The rune first appears independently on the futhark row of the Kylver Stone , and is altogether unattested as an independent rune outside of such rows . There are a number of attestations of the bind rune or ( the `` lantern rune '' , similar in shape to the Anglo-Saxon gēr rune ) , but its identification is disputed in most cases , since the same sign may also be a cipher rune of wynn or thurisaz . The earliest case of such an bindrune of reasonably certain reading is the inscription ( perhaps referring to the `` Mærings '' or Ostrogoths ) on the silver buckle of Szabadbattyán , dated to the first half 5th century and conserved at the Hungarian National Museum in Budapest .
The Old English rune poem contains these obscure lines :
`` Ing was first amidst the East Danes
so seen , until he went eastward
over the sea . His wagon ran after .
Thus the Heardings named that hero . ''
Norse mythology
In Norse mythology , Yngvi , alternatively spelled Yngve , was the progenitor of the Yngling lineage , a legendary dynasty of Swedish kings , from whom also the earliest historical Norwegian kings claimed to be descended . Yngvi is a name of the god Freyr , perhaps Freyr 's true name , as freyr means 'lord ' and has probably evolved from a common invocation of the god .
In the Íslendingabók ( written in the early twelfth century by the Icelandic priest Ari Þorgilsson ) Yngvi Tyrkja konungr 'Yngvi king of Turkey ' appears as the father of Njörðr who in turn is the father of Yngvi-Freyr , ancestor of the Ynglings . According to the Skjöldunga saga ( a lost epic from 1180 to 1200 , saved only partially in other sagas and later translation ) Odin came from Asia and conquered Northern Europe . He gave Sweden to his son Yngvi and Denmark to his son Skjöldr . Since then the kings of Sweden were called Ynglings and those of Denmark Skjöldungs .
In the Gesta Danorum ( late twelfth century , by Saxo Grammaticus ) and in the Ynglinga saga ( ca . 1225 , by Snorri Sturluson ) , Freyr is euhemerized as a king of Sweden . In the Ynglinga saga , Yngvi-Freyr reigned in succession to his father Njörðr who had – in this variant – succeeded Odin . In the Historia Norwegiæ ( written around 1211 ) , in contrast , Ingui is the first king of Sweden , and the father of a certain Neorth , in his turn the father of Froyr : `` Rex itaque Ingui , quem primum Swethiæ monarchiam rexisse plurimi astruunt , genuit Neorth , qui vero genuit Froy ; hos ambos tota illorum posteritas per longa sæcula ut deos venerati sunt . Froyr vero genuit Fiolni , qui in dolio medonis dimersus est [ … ] ''
In the introduction to his Edda ( originally composed around 1220 ) Snorri Sturluson claimed again that Odin reigned in Sweden and relates : `` Odin had with him one of his sons called Yngvi , who was king in Sweden after him ; and those houses come from him that are named Ynglings . '' Snorri here does not identify Yngvi and Freyr , although Freyr occasionally appears elsewhere as a son of Odin instead of a son of Njörðr .
In the Skáldskaparmál section of his Prose Edda Snorri brings in the ancient king Halfdan the Old who is the father of nine sons whose names are all words meaning `` king '' or `` lord '' in Old Norse , as well as of nine other sons who are the forefathers of various royal lineages , including `` Yngvi , from whom the Ynglings are descended '' . But rather oddly Snorri immediately follows this with information on what should be four other personages who were not sons of Halfdan but who also fathered dynasties , and names the first of these again as `` Yngvi , from whom the Ynglings are descended '' . In the related account in the Ættartolur `` Genealogies '' attached to Hversu Noregr byggðist , the name Skelfir appears instead of Yngvi in the list of Halfdan 's sons .
The Ynglinga Saga section of Snorri 's Heimskringla ( around 1230 ) introduces a second Yngvi , son of Alrekr , who is a descendant of Yngvi-Freyr and who shared the Swedish kingship with his brother Álf ( see Yngvi and Alf ) .
Given names and family names
The element Ing ( o ) - was widely used in Germanic names from an early period ; it is not clear whether it originally referred to the Ingaevones , or to the god Yngwi directly . Inguiomer ( Inguiomarus ) was a relative of the Cheruscian Arminius in the first century . Ingundis was a wife of the Frankish king Chlothar I , whose son Charibert I married an Ingoberga ( all in the sixth century ) . Other combinations such as masculine Inguin , Ingulf , Ingobald , feminine Inghildis , Ingedrudis , Ingoflidis , as well as the short forms Ingo ( masculine ) and Inga ( feminine ) are recorded in the early medieval period ( seventh to ninth centuries ) . In Scandinavia and Germany , and areas where these groups settled , names beginning with Ing survived into modern usage , e.g.Ingmar , Ingvar , Ingvild , Ingeborg , Ingrid , Ingegerd and the family name Ingalls .
See also
Manus in Vedic history
Ingunar-Freyr
Yngve ( a given name )
References
Freyr
Mythological kings of Sweden
Runes
History of Uppsala
Legendary progenitors
Sons of Odin
Ingaevones
This is a list of animated films in Mexico . Below also lists the ten highest-grossing animated films within the Mexican film industry .
List
1970s
1980s
2000s
2010s
2020s
Upcoming
Lost or unreleased
Highest-grossing films
The following list consists the 10 highest-grossing Mexican animated feature films released in Mexico , based on data by Canacine ( unless otherwise noted ) . Gross in Mexican peso and audience count ( both in millions ) .
See also
List of highest-grossing Mexican films
References
Mexican animated films
Mexican animated films
Animated
This is a list of field hockey players who have appeared for the India men 's national field hockey team .
List
References
Lists of field hockey players
Field hockey international
Indian hockey-related lists
Marshall Donell Johnson ( born November 1 , 1952 ) is a former American football wide receiver in the National Football League who played for the Baltimore Colts . He played college football for the Houston Cougars .
He had a kickoff return for a touchdown in the 1977 AFC Divisional Game between the Colts and Oakland Raiders known for having the Ghost to the Post play .
References
1952 births
Living people
American football wide receivers
American football running backs
American football return specialists
Baltimore Colts players
Houston Cougars football players
Prince Euneon ( Korean : 은언군 , Hanja : 恩彦君 ) ( 29 May 1754 – 30 June 1801 ) , personal name Yi In ( Korean : 이인 , Hanja : 李䄄 ) , was a royal prince of the Joseon Dynasty . He was the grandfather of the 25th King of Joseon , King Cheoljong . After the death of Crown Prince Sado , he was exiled to Ganghwa Island .
Family
Father : King Jangjo of Joseon ( 13 February 1735 – 12 July 1762 ) ( 조선 장조 )
Grandfather : King Yeongjo of Joseon ( 조선 영조 ) ( 31 October 1694 – 22 April 1776 )
Grandmother : Royal Noble Consort Yeong of the Jeonui Yi clan ( 영빈 이씨 ) ( 15 August 1696 – 23 August 1764 )
Mother : Royal Noble Consort Suk of the Buan Im clan ( ? - 1773 ) ( 숙빈 임씨 )
Grandfather : Im Ji-beon ( 임지번 )
Grandmother : Lady Kim of the Gimhae Kim clan ( 김해 김씨 )
Brother : Yi Jin , Prince Eunsin ( 11 January 1755 – 29 March 1771 ) ( 이진 은신군 )
Consorts and their respective issue ( s )
Royal Princess Consort Sangsan , of the Jincheon Song Clan ( 상산군부인 진천군송씨 ) ( 15 October 1753 – 4 April 1801 ) , catholic name Mary
Yi Dam , Prince Sanggye ( 상계군 이담 ) ( 21 January 1768–20 November 1786 )
Prince Yi Changsun ( 이창순 )
Prince Yi Changdeok ( 이창덕 )
Yi Dang , Prince Punggye ( 풍계군 이당 ) ( 1 February 1783 –8 May 1826 )
Princess Yi of the Jeonju Yi clan ( 성주 이씨 ) ( 4 August 1796–4 April 1872 )
Unknown concubine
Prince Yi Seong–deuk ( 이성득 ) , ( 1775 –27 November 1817 )
Prince Yi Cheol–deuk ( 이철득 ) ( b.1780 )
Royal Princess Consort Jeonsan , of the Jeonju Yi clan ( 전산군부인 전주이씨 ) , daughter of Yi Deok‐hui ( 이덕희 )
Unknown son
Yi Gwang , Grand Internal Prince Jeongye ( 전계대원군 이광 ) ( 21 March 1785–2 November 1841 )
References
1754 births
1801 deaths
Joseon dynasty
Czesław Łuczak ( born 19 February 1922 in Kruszwica – 10 August 2002 in Poznań ) was a Polish historian focusing on World War II . He served as Rector of the Adam Mickiewicz University in Poznań from 1965 to 1972 ; and , from 1969 to 1981 and from 1987 to 1991 , as Director of the University 's Institute of History . He was a member of the Polish United Workers ' Party in communist Poland .
As scholar , he specialized in the modern economic history of Poland , Germany and Polish-German relations . He published over 50 books and hundreds of articles .
Selected publications
`` Kraj Warty '' 1939-1945 . Studium historyczno-gospodarcze okupacji hitlerowskiej ( 1972 )
Polscy robotnicy przymusowi w Trzeciej Rzeszy podczas II wojny światowej ( 1974 )
Polityka ludnościowa i ekonomiczna hitlerowskich Niemiec w okupowanej Polsce , Wyd . Poznańskie , Poznań 1979
Polityka ekonomiczna III Rzeszy w latach drugiej wojny światowej ( 1982 )
Dzieje gospodarcze Niemiec 1871–1945 ( 1984 )
Dzieje gospodarcze Wielkopolski w okresie zaborów 1815-1918 ( 1988 )
Od Bismarcka do Hitlera : polsko-niemieckie stosunki gospodarcze ( 1988 )
Zagłada ( 1989 )
Dzień po dniu w okupowanym Poznaniu ( 1989 )
Dzień po dniu w okupowanej Wielkopolsce i na Ziemi Łódzkiej ( Kraj Warty ) ( 1989 )
Praca przymusowa Polaków w III Rzeszy ( 1989 )
Polska i Polacy w drugiej wojnie światowej ( 1993 )
Dzieje Mogilna ( 1998 )
Historia gospodarcza Niemiec lat 1871-1990 ( 2002 )
Notes
References
Antoni Czubiński , Wspomnienie pośmiertne . Czesław Łuczak ( 1922-2002 ) , `` Studia Historica Slavo-Germanica '' , t. 24 ( 2001-2002 ) , s. 279-281 .
Dariusz Matelski , Czesław Łuczak ( 1922-2002 ) , „ Ziemia Kujawska ” , tom 15 , 2002 , s. 251-257 .
Dariusz Matelski , Czesław Łuczak ( 1922-2002 ) , „ Poznański Rocznik Historyczno-Archiwalny ” , tom VIII-IX , Poznań 2002 , s. 326-332 .
1922 births
2002 deaths
20th-century Polish historians
Polish male non-fiction writers
Recipients of the State Award Badge ( Poland )
Adam Mickiewicz University in Poznań faculty
Songs2See is an application for music learning , practice and gaming developed by the Fraunhofer Institute for Digital Media Technology in Ilmenau - Germany and distributed by the company Songquito UG ( haftungsbeschränkt ) .
Features
Songs2See is composed of two main applications : the Songs2See Game , used at practice time , and the Songs2See Editor , used for exercise content creation
The main advantages of Songs2See are :
Users can play their own musical instruments to the computer microphone without the need of a game controller . Currently , guitar , voice , piano , saxophone , trumpet , bass and flute are supported .
Users can create their own musical exercise content simply by importing audio files and using all the analysis features of the Songs2See Editor .
The Songs2See Game
The Songs2See Game is an application where a selected music piece can be practiced in a gaming environment . Besides real-time performance feedback , the game also offers different visual aids to guide users through the performance .
Game View
The Game View is a scrolling score-like animation that displays in real-time the melody to be played . Note durations are displayed both as blue bars of different lengths and as real notes ( eighth notes , sixteenth notes , etc ) . Note pitches are indicated both by the location of the note objects in the staff and by note names placed inside the note heads . Indications about key , accidentals , time signature and bars are also included .
Instrument View
The Instrument View displays the selected instrument and a real-time fingering animation that guides users through the performance of the selected piece . Green signs are used to show the current fingering and blue signs are used to show the next fingering in the melody .
Practice Content
Songs2See is delivered with a set of popular songs and instrument specific practice material for the user to play . Additionally , users can create their own content for the game using the Songs2See Editor .
Options
Different options can be modified in the Songs2See game , including performance loops , learning mode , note names , left-hand mode for guitar and bass players , microphone set up , game delay , etc .
The Songs2See Editor
The Songs2See Editor is an application that allows users to create their own personal content for the Songs2See Game . Additionally , the different possibilities within the editor make it compatible with popular score-writing and sequencer software .
Import Options
Users can create content for the game starting from different types of format files and audio material : WAV , MP3 , MIDI and MusicXML are currently supported .
Analysis Options
The Songs2See Editor analysis options include automatic main melody transcription , beat and key analysis , solo and backing track creation , different instrument transposition , efficient and easy editing of results , etc . These analysis options are direct research results from the Music Information Retrieval community .
Export Options
Every Songs2See Editor session can be exported for the Songs2See Game . Additionally , intermediate results can also be exported to be used in other applications : solo and backing tracks can be exported as audio files and transcription results can be exported as MIDI or MusicXML .
Availability
The Songs2See Game is a platform independent flash-based application available both as desktop or web application .
The Songs2See Editor is currently only available for Windows systems .
History
The Songs2See project started in 2010 as a collaboration between the Fraunhofer Institute for Digital Media Technology and European partners as Grieg Music Education , Tampere University , Kids Interactive GmbH and Sweets for Brains GmbH . The project was funded by the Thuringian Ministry of Economy , Employment and Technology in the attempt to enable transnational cooperation between Thuringian companies and their partners from other European regions . After the conclusion of the project in March 2012 , the company Songquito UG ( haftungsbeschränkt ) took over the commercialization , distribution and further development of Songs2See .
See also
Music video game
Music Information Retrieval
References
Official home page
Songs2See : Learn to Play by Playing
Songs2See and GlobalMusic2One : Two Applied Research Projects in Music Information Retrieval at Fraunhofer IDMT
Pitch Detection for Web Applications
Pitch Estimation by the Pair-Wise Evaluation of Spectral Peaks
Songs2See : Learn to play by Playing
External links
Official home page
Fraunhofer IDMT
Grieg Music Education
Tampere University
Kids Interactive
Musical training software
The 2016–17 season was Stevenage 's third consecutive season in League Two and their 41st year in existence . Along with competing in League Two , the club also participated in the FA Cup , League Cup and Football League Trophy . The season covers the period from 1 July 2015 to 30 June 2016 .
Transfers
Transfers in
Transfers out
Loans in
Loans out
Competitions
Pre-season friendlies
League Two
League table
Matches
FA Cup
EFL Cup
EFL Trophy
References
Stevenage
Stevenage F.C . seasons
Märta Elisabeth Margareta Eketrä ( Stockholm , 4 November 1851 – 26 August 1894 , Ulriksdal Palace ) , was a Swedish lady-in-waiting , favorite and confidant of queen Sophia of Sweden .
Märta Eketrä was the daughter of the noble-born colonel and courtier Johan Gabriel Eketrä and Stanislas Margareta Tersmeden . During her childhood , she was a playmate of Louise of Sweden . She never married .
In 1872 , she was appointed hovfröken ( maid of honour ) to the new Queen after the accession of King Oscar II to the throne . In 1889 , she was promoted to the post and rank of kammarfröken ( the highest rank of an unmarried female courtier ) .
Eketrä was a favorite and confidante of queen Sophia . She is noted to have been one of the queen 's three favorite ladies-in-waiting , the other two being Ida Wedel-Jarlsberg and Ebba von Rosen . In 1878 , it was Märta Eketrä who introduced Sophia to the British preacher Lord Radstock , whose teachings came to have a great importance to the Queen . Eketrä acted as the spiritual caretaker of Sophia , and was often given the task of reading from the bible during the queen 's private devotions .
She accompanied the Queen on state visits , such as those to Romania and Constantinople in 1885 . She took care of the practical arrangements during Sophia 's illness in 1887 , and nursed her after her dangerous operation that year . She also saw to it that the Queens nursing school and hospital Sophiahemmet was organised according to Sophia 's wishes : she acted as the queen 's representative in the board of the institution during Sophia 's convalescence , and was elected to its board in 1890 .
She was described in retrospect :
When the twenty one-year-old Märta E. was appointed to the Household of the new Queen Sophia in 1872 , she brought with her a personality of unusual qualities which came to have an important influence in that circle . The surface as such of the maid of honour E. was noticed . She had an impressive appearance , tall and straight and with pretty clean features . But she was of a greater importance as a person . Märta E. had the nature of a sovereign with a forceful will , a strong character and much independence . Her face could at times be that of haughty and judgmental contempt . But she also had a splendid , warm smile , expressive of other qualities which were just as important : en honesty , a true nobility and a willing self sacrifice and love of humanity beyond borders . All this gave her friends and impressed those who met her . United in friendship with the Queen 's statsfru , Anna von Krusenstjerna , née countess Posse , Märta E. remained herself not only a humble servant of her royal mistress but also one of the most intimate friends of the Queen . A contributive factor to this was her reliable silence and tact . She has herself admitted , that she has been accustomed to receiving the trusted secrets of others all her life . She always kept quiet about them .
References
Märta Elisabeth Margareta Eketrä , urn : sbl:16841 , Svenskt biografiskt lexikon ( art av Bengt Hildebrand . ) , hämtad 2013-10-26 .
Idun Magazine , number 36 , year 1894
Anne-Marie Riiber ( 1959 ) . Drottning Sophia . Uppsala : J . A. Lindblads Förlag . p. 188-191 . ISBN
Swedish nobility
1851 births
1894 deaths
Swedish ladies-in-waiting
Swedish maids of honour
Pelly Peak , is a mountain summit in the Russel Range of the Omineca Mountains in northern British Columbia , Canada . The mountain is situated west of the head of Finlay Reach of Williston Lake , and a remote south of Fort Ware in the Cassiar Land District . It rises above the south shore of Pelly Lake . Its nearest higher peak is Barrier Peak , to the east . Precipitation runoff from the mountain drains into Pelly Creek , a tributary of the Ingenika River . Sir John Pelly ( 1777–1852 ) served as Governor of Hudson 's Bay Company for three decades , and his name is attached to many geographic features in Canada , including but not limited to Pelly River , Pelly Mountains , Pelly Island , Pelly Bay , Mount Pelly , and Fort Pelly . The peak 's name was officially adopted June 4 , 1953 , by the Geographical Names Board of Canada . Based on the Köppen climate classification , Pelly Peak is located in a subarctic climate zone with cold , snowy winters , and mild summers . Temperatures can drop below −20 °C with wind chill factors below −30 °C .
See also
Geography of British Columbia
References
External links
Weather forecast : Pelly Peak
Two-thousanders of British Columbia
Omineca Mountains
Omineca Country
Cassiar Land District
Childrens Hospital , a situation comedy television and web series created by Rob Corddry , which premiered its first season online on TheWB.com on December 8 , 2008 . On July 11 , 2010 , Adult Swim began airing the web episodes in groups of two . Season two began on Adult Swim on August 22 , 2010 . Season three began on June 2 , 2011 . Season four began on August 10 , 2012 . Season five began on July 26 , 2013 , season six on March 21 , 2015 and the seventh and final season on January 22 , 2016 .
As of April 15 , 2016 , 10 webisodes and 86 television episodes of Childrens Hospital have aired .
Series overview
Episodes
Web series ( 2008 )
All ten episodes of the web series debuted on December 8 , 2008 . Each episode was 4–5 minutes long . The credited cast consisted of Lake Bell , Rob Corddry , Erinn Hayes , Rob Huebel , Ken Marino , and Megan Mullally .
Season 1 ( 2010 )
The ten web episodes were doubled-up and reformatted as 11-minute TV episodes , which began airing on July 11 , 2010 . Each TV episode features a parody commercial in between the two webisodes , as well as a message from Corddry at the end . The credited cast consisted of Lake Bell , Rob Corddry , Erinn Hayes , Rob Huebel , Ken Marino , and Megan Mullally .
Season 2 ( 2010 )
The second season consists of twelve 11-minute episodes . It debuted on August 22 , 2010 . The credited cast consists of Lake Bell ( episodes 1 , 2 , and 6 only ; uncredited in episode 8 and credited with the guest cast in episode 12 ) , Rob Corddry , Erinn Hayes , Rob Huebel , Ken Marino , and Megan Mullally and newcomers Malin Åkerman and Henry Winkler .
Season 3 ( 2011 )
Season 4 ( 2012 )
Season 5 ( 2013 )
Season 6 ( 2015 )
After leaving Japan , the doctors are ready to return to Brazil .
Season 7 ( 2016 )
References
External links
Childrens Hospital
James Dreyfus ( born 9 October 1968 ) is an English actor most notable for roles on television sitcoms The Thin Blue Line as Constable Kevin Goody , and Gim me Gim me Gim me as Tom Farrell . Dreyfus is most recently known for a role as Reverend Roger in Mount Pleasant .
Early life
Born in London , Dreyfus was educated at Harrow School . He then trained at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art . His parents divorced when he was very young .
Career
In 1998 , Dreyfus won the Best Supporting Performance in a Musical Olivier Award for his work in The Lady in the Dark at the National Theatre . In the same year , Dreyfus was nominated for the Ian Charleson Award for a performance as Cassius in Shakespeare 's Julius Caesar at the Birmingham Rep .
Dreyfus 's first television break came with the BBC comedy series Absolutely Fabulous . followed by roles as Constable Kevin Goody in Ben Elton 's sitcom The Thin Blue Line and Tom Farrell , the gay flatmate of Linda ( Kathy Burke ) in Gim me Gim me Gim me . Dreyfus played opposite Bette Midler in the short-lived American sitcom Bette .
Known for portraying `` camp , endearing characters , '' Dreyfus ( in a Sheengate Publishing interview ) compared the character Frank Spencer from Some Mothers Do 'Ave 'Em , whom he described as a campy but married heterosexual , to Dreyfus 's character Kevin Goody from The Thin Blue Line . Regarding his character Tom Farrell from Gim me Gim me Gim me , Dreyfus hypothesized that , even if the character were heterosexual , the actor would still portray Tom as camp and flamboyant . Furthermore , Dreyfus said that he felt that he became typecast due to his portrayals of `` flamboyant '' characters .
He played Thermoman in the BBC One comedy My Hero , a role he took over in the sixth series from Ardal O'Hanlon . Although the same character , he used the name George Monday , as opposed to Ardal O'Hanlon 's character 's name , George Sunday . After disappointing ratings , the show was cancelled .
Dreyfus also starred as Mr Teasy-Weasy in the 2004 comedy film Churchill : The Hollywood Years .
From 2012 to 2017 , Dreyfus appeared as Reverend Roger in the Sky Living series Mount Pleasant .
In 2017 , he voiced an incarnation of The Master from Doctor Who in the Big Finish Productions release The First Doctor Adventures Volume One , going on to appear as the character in 2019 's 'The Home Guard ' , 2020 's 'The Psychic Circus ' and 2022 's 'Blood of the Time Lords ' . In an interview with comedy writer and anti-transgender activist Graham Linehan , Dreyfus said he was dismissed from the role following comments on Twitter made in support of author JK Rowling .
Selected works
References
External links
1968 births
Living people
English male film actors
English male television actors
English male stage actors
English male musical theatre actors
English male voice actors
English male radio actors
People from Chiswick
Male actors from London
Alumni of the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art
Laurence Olivier Award winners
English gay actors
People educated at Harrow School
English male Shakespearean actors
British male comedy actors
20th-century English male actors
21st-century English male actors
George Leonard Simpson ( 3 December 1933 – 23 February 2012 ) was an English professional footballer who played in the Football League for Gillingham and Mansfield Town .
References
1933 births
2012 deaths
People from Shirebrook
English footballers
Association football inside forwards
English Football League players
Hereford United F.C . players
Mansfield Town F.C . players
Gillingham F.C . players
Oxford United F.C . players
Clementia most commonly refers to the Roman goddess Clementia . It can also refer to :
People
Clementia of Aquitaine ( 1048–1130 ) , daughter of William VII , Duke of Aquitaine and Ermensinde de Longwy
Clementia of Burgundy ( c. 1078–c . 1133 ) , countess of Flanders
Clementia of Zähringen ( died 1175 ) , daughter of Conrad I , Duke of Zähringen and Clementia of Namur
Clementia of Catanzaro ( fl . 1145–1179/81 ) , countess of Catanzaro in the Kingdom of Sicily
Clementia of Hungary ( 1293–1328 ) , queen of France and Navarre
Other
De Clementia , essay written in AD 55–56 by Seneca the Younger
252 Clementina , large main belt asteroid discovered in 1885
Alfisols are a soil order in USDA soil taxonomy . Alfisols form in semi-arid to humid areas , typically under a hardwood forest cover . They have a clay-enriched subsoil and relatively high native fertility . `` Alf '' refers to aluminium ( Al ) and iron ( Fe ) . Because of their productivity and abundance , Alfisols represent one of the more important soil orders for food and fiber production . They are widely used both in agriculture and forestry , and are generally easier to keep fertile than other humid-climate soils , though those in Australia and Africa are still very deficient in nitrogen and available phosphorus . Those in monsoonal tropical regions , however , have a tendency to acidify when heavily cultivated , especially when nitrogenous fertilizers are used .
In the World Reference Base for Soil Resources ( WRB ) , most Alfisols are classified as Luvisols or Lixisols , but some are classed as Retisols or Nitisols . Aqualfs are mainly Stagnosols or Planosols . Alfisols with a natric horizon are mainly Solonetz .
Alfisols occupy around one-tenth of the Earth 's ice-free land surface . They are dominant in many areas , such as the Ohio River basin in the United States , southern and unglaciated Western Europe , the Baltic region and central European Russia , the drier parts of Peninsular India , Sudan in Africa , and many parts of South America .
Alfisols have undergone only moderate leaching . By definition , they have at least 35 % base saturation , meaning calcium , magnesium , and potassium are relatively abundant . This is in contrast to Ultisols , which are the more highly leached forest soils having less than 35 % base saturation . In eastern North America , Alfisols are commonly found in glaciated areas while Ultisols are restricted to the areas south of the limit of maximum glaciation .
The fossil record of Alfisols begins in the Late Devonian . Probably owing to their fertility , they are the oldest forest soils ; vegetation on weathered Oxisols , by contrast , is not known earlier than Middle Permian . Fossil Alfisols remain common from the Carboniferous and all periods since the Eocene .
Suborders
Aqualfs – This suborder is saturated with water long enough to cause oxygen depletion . Almost all of this suborder is thought to have been forested at some point . Redoximorphic features are present .
Cryalfs – This suborder occurs mainly in high elevations which tend to be cold with temperatures ranging from greater than 0 C to less than 8 C .
Udalfs – This suborder is located in humid or subhumid climates . All of this word is thought to have been forested at some point .
Ustalfs – This suborder is located in semiarid climates with wet summers and dry winters .
Xeralfs – This suborder is located in mediterranean climates with very dry summers and wet winters .
Fossil record of Alfisols
The fossil record of Alfisols extends back to the Late Devonian . The Alfisol paleosols were woodland soils and early forest soils . The fertile Alfisols were most likely formed by Devonian forests . The oldest of the Alfisol paleosol forest soils are in the paleosols of the Aztec Siltstone in Victoria Land , Antarctica . In the paleosols of the Aztec Siltstone , the Rosemary paleosol , there is evidence for trees from surficial tree-throwing structures and large drab-haloed root tracers . From the fossil wood and spores found in the Aztec Siltstone , there is a strong indication that the trees were Archaeopteris-Callixylon .
In upper New York State , there have been Devonian trees found in a large variety of paleosols . These Devonian trees help give clues as to what ecological tolerances for various early trees looked like . The paleosols associated with progymnosperm trunks are interpreted to not have grown in soils similar to the type of soils modern seed plants are grown in . The taxa of progymnosperm trunk fossils reproduced by spores . For reproduction , they were more dependent on moisture than modern seed plants . Comparing the Wattieza , from New York Devonian paleosols , and the Callixylon ecotones to show this dependency on moisture it shows that the Wattieza lived in an ecotone of 571 ± 72 mm mean annual precipitation and the Callixylon lived in an ecotone of 611 ± 46 mean annual precipitation . Because the Callixylon grew taller than the Wattieza it is inferred it was because there was more mean annual moisture available to the Callixylon .
In the lower Walton Formation , near Sidney , New York fossils of Archaeopteris macilenta , Callixylon zalesskyi , and Geminospora lemurata have been found . The tapering geometry of large woody root traces is the most likely cause of the intimate relationship between Argillic horizons , Alfisols , and forests . The large woody root traces can transport water and clay using their large pipes . They are very efficient at moving soil into a subsurface horizon when the plant dies and the roots decay .
The Mata Amarilla Formation , a formation in the Austral Basin in southern Patagonia , Argentina is the location known for the preservation of podocarp-dominated fossil forests . In the eastern area of the middle section of the Mata Amarilla Formation , there are vertic Alfisols . In these Alfisols , there is a preservation of fossil forests , whose minimum age is 337 years . The fossil forests in this section are made up of in situ trunks . These trunks , in life position , have shallow root systems with well-developed horizontal roots , and have minimal development of vertical roots . A log of Podocarpxylon gargiae roots was found in the formation as well . The total mean diameter of these trees in the vertic Alfisol paleosol is greater than 60 cm and the smallest tree diameter is 26 cm .
While Afisol paleosols are known for their woodland soils and fossils , there have also been other types of fossils found . The ichnofacies of the ground-nesting bees , Celliforma , was formed in well drained Alfisols as well as Aridisols and Oxisols . The Termitichnus ichnofacies , which included a large array of termite nests and pellets , is found in Oligocene Alfisols , Aridisols , and Oxisols . All the tetrapod bones and tracks from the paleosol sequences of Late Devonian and Mississippian of New York and Pennsylvania , U.S.A. are found in Aridisols and Alfisols . The Alfisols in the Texas High Plains have evidence for fossilized pollen and beetles .
See also
Paleosol
Paleopedology
Pedogenesis
Pedology ( soil study )
Soil classification
Soil science
Soil type
References
External links
Pedology
Types of soil
The Computerized Engine Control or Computerized Emission Control ( CEC ) system is an engine management system designed and used by American Motors Corporation ( AMC ) and Jeep on 4- and 6-cylinder engines of its own manufacture from 1980 to 1990 . It is one of the three major components for proper engine operation : the computer , electrically controlled carburetor , and the oxygen sensor in the exhaust system .
Starting with the 1986 model year , the AMC straight-4 engines used a throttle body injection ( TBI ) or single-point , fuel injection system with a new fully computerized engine control . In addition to cycling the fuel injector ( pulse-width time , on–off ) , the engine control computer also determined the ignition timing , idle speed , exhaust gas recirculation , etc .
Operation
The AMC Computerized Engine Control is an electronic fuel feedback system is similar to those used by other automakers at the time by controlling the amount of gasoline to be atomized by the carburetor by precise electronic calculations . The AMC CEC was unique in that almost all of its sensors and actuators were digital ; instead of the usual analog throttle position , coolant temperature , intake temperature , and manifold pressure sensors , it used a set of fixed pressure- and temperature-controlled switches ( as well as a wide-open throttle switch on the carburetor ) to control fuel mixture and ignition timing . The only analog sensor in the system was the oxygen sensor . In other respects , it was a typical `` feedback '' carburetor system of the early-1980s , using a stepper motor to control fuel mixture and a two-stage `` Sole-Vac '' ( which used a solenoid for one stage , and a vacuum motor for the other ) to control idle speed . The CEC also controlled ignition timing using information from the fuel-control section and an engine knock sensor on the intake manifold .
The CEC module itself ( the most common version of which is the `` AMC MCU Super-D '' ) was manufactured for AMC by Ford Motor Company , and worked with a Duraspark ignition system . Although built by Ford , the CEC module is not related to the Ford EEC systems internally .
The AMC CEC went through at least four revisions .
The first included a `` Check Engine '' light .
The second included new process cycles with electric timing retard and the added `` Pulse-Air '' injection system for emissions control .
The third version was updated in 1983 to a new style called the C4 system which used a new microcontroller . The 1983 model year , the I6 engine featured the MCU-Super D electronics , `` Pulse-Air '' , and an increased compression ratio , from 8.6:1 to 9.2:1 .
The fourth version followed shortly .
Maintenance
The system uses a maze of emissions vacuums hoses . Because of the many vacuum-driven components and electrical connections in the system , CEC-equipped engines have developed a reputation of being hard to tune . American Motors issued a Technical Service Bulletin to diagnose low or inconsistent engine idle speeds on 1980 through 1988 AMC Eagle automobile .
The 49-state model of the CEC has no on-board diagnostic system , making it difficult to monitor the computer 's operation without a breakout box , and the Carter BBD carburetor on most CEC-equipped models has problems with its idle circuit clogging , causing a rough idle and stalling . In places where emissions testing is not required , a modification is by bypassing the computer and disabling the BBD 's Idle Servo , or replacing the BBD with a manually tuned carburetor . Several vendors ( including Chrysler and Edelbrock ) offer retrofit kits that replace the CEC and the carburetor with fuel injection .
References
External links
, a guide to the CEC system and how to tune it .
Engine control systems
Computerized Engine Control
Computerized Emission Control
Engine technology
Engines
Automotive technology tradenames
The 1946 BYU Cougars football team was an American football team that represented Brigham Young University in the Mountain States Conference ( MSC ) during the 1946 college football season . In their sixth season under head coach Eddie Kimball , the Cougars compiled a 5–4–1 record ( 3–2–1 against conference opponents ) , finished fourth in the MSC , and were outscored by a total of 119 to 94 .
Schedule
After the season
The 1947 NFL Draft was held on December 16 , 1946 . The following Cougars were selected .
References
BYU
BYU Cougars football seasons
BYU Cougars football
Jonathan Sloane ( November 1785April 25 , 1854 ) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio .
Born in Pelham , Massachusetts in November 1785 , Sloane completed preparatory studies and was graduated from Williams College , Williamstown , Massachusetts , in 1812 .
He studied law , was admitted to the bar in 1816 , and commenced practice in Ravenna , Ohio .
He was also general agent of the Tappan family for the sale of lands .
He served as prosecuting attorney of Portage County in 1819 .
He served in the Ohio House of Representatives from 1820 to 1822 , and in the Ohio Senate in 1826 and 1827 .
Sloane was elected as an Anti-Masonic candidate to the Twenty-third and the Twenty-fourth Congresses ( March 4 , 1833 – March 3 , 1837 ) .
He declined to be a candidate for renomination in 1836 .
He retired from business activities on account of ill health . He died in Ravenna , Ohio , April 25 , 1854 . He was interred in Evergreen Cemetery .
References
1785 births
1854 deaths
People from Pelham , Massachusetts
Anti-Masonic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Anti-Masonic Party politicians from Ohio
Members of the Ohio House of Representatives
People from Ravenna , Ohio
Williams College alumni
19th-century American politicians
Members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
The Mid-Atlantic Rowing Conference ( MARC ) is a men 's and women 's intercollegiate rowing conference .
History
The Mid-Atlantic Rowing Conference was established in January 2009 by nine charter member schools : Bryn Mawr College , Franklin & Marshall College , Johns Hopkins University , Marietta College , University of Mary Washington , North Park University , Richard Stockton College , Rutgers University–Camden , and Washington College . These nine schools previously held annually the Atlantic Collegiate League Sprints Championships . Johns Hopkins announced that same year it would end its varsity rowing programs after the 2008-09 season . Two more charter schools discontinued its sponsorship of the sport , the University of Mary Washington , following the completion of the 2013-14 academic year , and Rutgers University–Camden following the completion of the 2015-16 academic year .
2015 brought the first expansion of the MARC , when first-year varsity women 's program Johnson & Wales University joined the league . The conference welcomed two more new members in 2016 : St. Mary 's College of Maryland and Cabrini University , and four more in 2018 : Adrian College , Bucknell University , Catholic University and Ohio Wesleyan University , increasing the membership to thirteen .
Members
References
External links
Official website
4 Runners may refer to :
Toyota 4Runner , a make of car
4 Runners , a country music group
4 Runner ( album ) , this group 's debut album
Zhejiang Ocean University ( ZJOU ; ) is a comprehensive public university based in Zhoushan city , Zhejiang province , China .
History
The university was created in 1988 from the merger of Zhejiang Fishery University ( established in 1958 ) and Zhoushan Junior Teachers College ( founded in 1978 ) .
The university was accredited to offer bachelor 's degree programs in 1982 and to provide postgraduate degree programs in 2005 .
The university offers disciplines that specialize in the seas and oceans . It allows the development of multi-disciplines including science , agronomy , engineering , literature , medicine , management , teaching and economics .
Administration
Colleges and departments
The university is organized into the following colleges .
School of Marine Science
School of Humanities
School of Marine Fisheries and Maritime School
School of Foreign Languages
School of Naval Architecture and Civil Engineering
Xiaoshan School of Science and Technology
School of Electrical and Mechanical Engineering
Donghai School of Science and Technology ( private college )
School of Food and Pharmacy and Medical School
Putuo School of Science and Technology
School of Mathematics , Physics and Information Science
Department of Physical Education and Art Teaching
School of Petroleum and Chemical Engineering
Center for Public Experiment and Computer Network
School of Business Administration
School of Continuing Education
School of Public Administration ( Department of Social Science )
Teacher Development Center
References
External links
Maritime colleges in China
Universities and colleges in Zhejiang
Educational institutions established in 1988
1988 establishments in China
Norfolk Southern Bridge may refer to :
Norfolk Southern Bridge ( Kenova , West Virginia ) , crossing the Ohio River between South Point , Ohio and Kenova , West Virginia
Norfolk Southern–Gregson Street Overpass , in Durham , North Carolina
Norfolk Southern James River Bridge , in Richmond , Virginia
Norfolk Southern Lake Pontchartrain Bridge , in Louisiana
Norfolk Southern Six Mile Bridge No . 58 , crossing the James River near Lynchburg , Virginia
Norfolk Southern Tennessee River Bridge , at Decatur , Alabama
Karujaht Pärnumaal ( ) is the first Estonian narrative film 1914 , directed by Johannes Pääsuke .
External links
1914 comedy films
Estonian black-and-white films
1914 films
Articles containing video clips
Silent films
Estonian comedy films
Joseph Freiherr von Hammer-Purgstall ( 9 June 1774 , in Graz – 23 November 1856 , in Vienna ) was an Austrian orientalist and historian .
Life
Born Joseph Hammer in Graz , Styria ( now Austria ) , he received his early education mainly in Vienna . Entering the diplomatic service in 1796 , he was appointed in 1799 to a position in the Austrian embassy in Istanbul , and in this capacity he took part in the expedition under Admiral William Sidney Smith and General John Hely-Hutchinson against France . In 1807 he returned home from the East , after which he was made a privy councillor .
In 1824 he was knighted ( Chevalier ) .
For fifty years Hammer-Purgstall wrote prolifically on the most diverse subjects and published numerous texts and translations of Arabic , Persian and Turkish authors . He was the first to publish a complete translation of the divan of Hafez into a western language . By traversing so large a field , he laid himself open to the criticism of specialists , and he was severely handled by Heinrich Friedrich von Diez ( 1751–1817 ) , who , in his Unfug und Betrug in der morgenländischen Litteratur , nebst vielen hundert Proben von der groben Unwissenheit des H. v. Hammer zu Vienna in Sprachen und Wissenschaften ( 1815 ) , devoted to him nearly 600 pages of abuse . He also came into friendly conflict on the subject of the origin of The Thousand and One Nights with his younger English contemporary Edward William Lane .
Hammer-Purgstall supported the foundation of the Austrian Academy of Sciences in Vienna and became the Academy 's first president ( 1847–1849 ) . The Austrian Oriental Society , founded in 1959 to foster cultural relations with the Near East , is formally named 'Österreichische Orient-Gesellschaft Hammer-Purgstall ' in recognition of Joseph von Hammer-Purgstall 's accomplishments .
In 1847 he received a medal commissioned by a friend of his , Ludwig August von Frankl . The reverse references some of his works in pictures .
He died in Vienna on 23 November 1856 .
Works
Hammer-Purgstall 's principal work is his Geschichte des osmanischen Reiches ( 10 vols. , 1827–1835 ) . Among his other works are
`` Ancient Alphabets & Hieroglyphic Characters Explained '' ( 1806 )
Geschichte der schönen Redekünste Persiens mit einer Blüthenlese aus zweyhundert persischen Dichtern ( Vienna , 1818 )
Morgenländisches Kleeblatt ( Vienna , 1819 )
Constantinopolis und der Bosporos ( 1822 )
Sur les origines russes ( St Petersburg , 1825 )
an English language translation ( 1834 ) of the first two volumes of Evliya Celebi 's travelogue Seyahatname
The History of the Assassins trans . O. C. Wood ( London , 1835 ) , an English language translation of Die Geschichte der Assassinen aus morgenländischen Quellen ( Stuttgart und Tübingen , 1818 )
Geschichte der osmanischen Dichtkunst ( 1836 )
Geschichte des osmanischen Reiches , 10 vols. , Pesth , 1827-35 .
Geschichte der Goldenen Horde in Kiptschak ( 1840 )
Geschichte der Chane der Krim ( 1856 )
an unfinished Litteraturgeschichte der Araber ( 1850–1856 )
a four-volume biography of Melchior Cardinal Khlesl titled Khlesls , des Cardinals Leben . Mit der Sammlung von Khlesls Briefen und anderen Urkunden ( 4 vols. , 1847–1851 ) .
For a comprehensive list of his works see : Schlottmann , Constantin . Joseph von Hammer-Purgstall , Zurich , 1857 .
Family
Hammer married Caroline von Henikstein ( 1797–1844 ) , the daughter of Austrian Jewish financier Joseph von Henikstein in 1816 . In 1835 , upon inheriting the estates of the Countess Purgstall ( née Jane Anne Cranstoun ) , the widow of his late friend Gottfried Wenzel von Purgstall , he acquired the title Freiherr and changed his family name to Hammer-Purgstall .
See also
Baphomet
References
Sources
External links
1774 births
1856 deaths
Writers from Graz
Barons of Austria
Austrian explorers
Austrian orientalists
Members of the Académie des Inscriptions et Belles-Lettres
Recipients of the Pour le Mérite ( civil class )
Caroline Emma Stanley , Countess of Derby ( née Neville ; born 28 December 1963 ) is an English socialite and peeress .
Early life
Caroline Emma Neville was born on 28 December 1963 to Robin Neville , a member of the House of Neville , and Robin Helen Brockhoff . Her paternal grandfather was Henry Seymour Neville , 9th Baron Braybrooke .
In 1990 her father succeeded his father as the 10th Baron Braybrooke , at which time she was styled as The Honourable Caroline Neville . She was known for being a socialite in the 1990s and was dubbed the `` Posh Essex Girl '' by the press .
Prior to her marriage , she worked as an assistant to the Curator of the Royal Collection . She now runs the Derby family 's stately home and competes in dressage .
Marriage and issue
In 1994 it was reported in tabloids that she was dating Prince Andrew , but her engagement to Edward Stanley , 19th Earl of Derby was announced later that year . On 21 October 1995 she married Lord Derby at the Church of St. Mary the Virgin in Saffron Walden , Essex . Upon her marriage she became the Countess of Derby . They have three children :
Lady Henrietta Mary Rose Stanley ( b . 6 February 1997 )
Edward John Robin Stanley , Lord Stanley ( b . 21 April 1998 )
The Honourable Oliver Henry Hugh Stanley ( b . 26 April 2002 )
The family seat is at Knowsley Hall , Merseyside .
References
Living people
1963 births
Daughters of barons
Derby
English socialites
Neville family
Stanley family
KSOL ( 98.9 FM `` Que Buena 98.9 y 99.1 '' ) is a Spanish language radio station in San Francisco , California . KSQL ( 99.1 FM ) simulcasts the station in Santa Cruz . KSOL and KSQL program a format consisting of regional Mexican music and talk shows . Both stations are owned by TelevisaUnivision USA . Its studios are located at 1940 Zanker Road in San Jose , and the KSOL transmitter is on Mount Sutro .
The 98.9 frequency is the third station in the San Francisco market to use the callsign KSOL . The first was the AM rhythm and blues station at 1450 AM ( the current KEST ) . Sly Stone was influential in guiding KSOL into soul music and started calling the station K-SOUL . The second was a popular soul music station ( sans the K-SOUL moniker ) , at 107.7 FM ( now known as KSAN ) . The current KSOL is unrelated to the previous two stations .
History
The station at 98.9 was established in February 1948 as the FM simulcast component of KJBS 1100 ( now KFAX ) by Julius Brunton & Sons , transmitting from the ( still existing ) tower atop Clay Jones Apartments at 1250 Jones Street . As KJBS it had been a full-service station with news , weather , and sports programming , and served as a relay , interrupting programming overnight , to alert police and fire personnel to incidents , prior to the departments ' own radio dispatch systems . The FM station was financially unsuccessful , and in 1953 it was sold to CBS . KCBS-FM had been operating with substantially lower power on 103.7 when it made the move to acquire this station .
Under CBS it rebroadcast KCBS until 1968 when it began to use the syndicated CBS automated programming , `` The Young Sound '' . Later , it produced its own locally originated rock programming .
In September 1978 , owner CBS wanted a still more powerful FM assignment , so they arranged a three-station swap that enabled them to be heard on a much stronger signal . KCBS-FM , their format and intellectual property moved to KEAR 's 97.3 FM frequency , KMPX moved their big band and swing music format and call letters from 106.9 FM to 98.9 FM , and KEAR moved their Christian-based format from 97.3 FM to 106.9 FM .
See also KEAR ( AM ) , KZDG , KFRC-FM , KLLC , and KMPX ( FM )
The Quake
In 1982 , KMPX was sold to a New Jersey investor group , administered by general manager Les Elias and station manager Bob Heymann , and flipped to a mainstream rock format as KQAK , `` The Quake FM99 '' , on August 23 of that year . Hosting the morning show was the popular Alex Bennett , who had left KMEL in a disagreement over station direction a few months earlier .
KQAK was a personality-oriented album-oriented rock station for its first eight months of operation , and was partially influenced by the programming of WLUP in Chicago , a station that Elias and Heymann had previously managed .
A talented air staff was assembled for the station . In addition to Bennett was Joe Regelski as co-host , continuing their collaboration from KMEL , and Richard `` Big Rick '' Stuart , future KROQ jock Jed `` Jed the Fish '' Gould The 3rd , Mike Koste , Richard Gossett , Belle Nolan , Rob Francis , Oscar `` Oz '' Medina , Paul `` Lobster '' Wells , comedian Tim Bedore and others worked at The Quake at one time or another .
A month after KQAK 's debut , another Bay Area station , KFOG changed its format from beautiful music to rock . This change left the Bay Area with six very similar-sounding stations ( KMEL , KRQR , KQAK and KFOG , plus San Jose stations KOME and KSJO ) . Until 2019 , KFOG was the only one of those stations still carrying a rock format , when it switched to a simulcast of sports station KNBR .
In April 1983 , Elias and Heymann decided to reposition the station ( under the programming guidance of Rick Carroll from KROQ-FM ) as the `` Rock of the '80s , '' emphasizing new wave , punk , reggae , 2 Tone ska , first generation Gothic rock , tracks from the 1960s and 1970s by musicians whose work influenced later punk and new wave performers , and the occasional novelty track . The modern rock format of The Quake has become much more memorable than their AOR incarnation , and its later demise was an important catalyst for a shift to a similar but more polished presentation at `` Live 105 '' ( KITS ) in 1986 .
Popular programs on The Quake , in addition to shows like , `` The Alex Bennett 's Morning Program '' , `` The Quake 's Early Tremors '' , `` Midnight Dread '' and a syndicated program called `` The Rock Over London '' .
The KQAK broadcast studios were located at 1311 Sutter Street in San Francisco .
The final song broadcast before The Quake went off the air on June 18 , 1985 was `` Around The Dial '' from The Kinks ; this featured a re-edited version of the 'radio tuning ' intro for the song which made reference to the demise of the station .
Later , another station , progressive talk radio KQKE , went on to use the same `` Quake '' nickname . Paul `` Lobster '' Wells has worked for KQKE , which was otherwise not related to KQAK . Today , the station , AM 960 , is KNEW .
The KQAK call letters currently reside on a station in Bend , Oregon .
More format and ownership changes
On June 22 , 1985 , following four days of stunting with all-Brian Eno music , the station became KKCY ( `` The City '' ) , with an eclectic rock format , partly inspired by another midwestern station , KTCZ in Minneapolis , Minnesota . All of The Quake 's on-air staffers left the station , except for Bennett and his morning sidekick , Joe Regelski . Bennett left a short time later when station management insisted he play more music on his show , and later brought his morning show ( sans Regelski ) to KITS .
The 98.9 frequency then underwent years of turmoil . In late 1986 , the station dropped the eclectic freeform rock in favor of Big Band/Adult Standards ( shades of the original KMPX ) ; then , on February 1 , 1988 , they adopted a short-lived CHR format as KHIT . Both of these changes elicited a large outcry from the dedicated following KKCY 's format had gathered . A group called `` Coalition To Save The City '' was formed and the group lobbied KHIT 's owners to change the format back .
The format lasted for 3 months and 5 days , as on May 6 , 1988 , after playing `` Shakedown '' by Bob Segar , the station dropped its short-lived CHR format and immediately began simulcasting KOFY-AM for 8 days . The station was eventually purchased by Bay Area media mogul James Gabbert , who changed the call letters to KOFY-FM on May 14 , 1988 , matching the calls of sister station KOFY-TV ( channel 20 ) and KOFY radio ( 1050 AM , now KTCT ) . Gabbert returned the station to the previous adult album alternative format , which lasted for two years amid much tweaking .
The next owner of KOFY-FM , Viacom , later obtained their neighboring station on the dial , KLRS ( 99.1 FM ) in Santa Cruz . The two stations tweaked KOFY 's Triple A format to `` Rock Adult Contemporary '' and adopted the call letters KDBK ( 98.9 ) and KDBQ ( 99.1 ) - `` Double 99 '' on July 30 , 1990 .
The two stations then shifted to a Hot Adult Contemporary format on March 13 , 1993 as Star 99 . The stations call letters were also changed to KSRY and KSRI .
KSOL call letters arrive at 98.9 FM
In December 1993 , Allen Shaw 's Crescent Communications purchased 107.7 KSOL from United Broadcasting , and purchased KSRY and KSRI from Viacom in 1994 . Shaw changed 107.7 to KYLD in April 1994 , calling it `` Wild 107 '' . The KSOL call letters were put on then-co-owned 98.9 , with the format switching to urban adult contemporary on April 18 , 1994 , where Bay Area Hall of Fame ( BAHOF ) inductee Don Sainte-Johnn served as morning host . The San Jose signal of 99.1 became a San Jose simulcast of `` Wild 107 '' as KYLZ .
KSOL , KYLD and KYLZ were sold by Crescent Communications to Tichner Media and Evergreen Media in August 1996 . On August 15 of that year , KSOL then switched to a Regional Mexican music format , and 99.1 became KZOL , again a simulcast .
In April 2002 , KSOL swapped call letters with KEMR Amor ( 105.7 FM ) in San Jose , and shifted toward a Spanish-language adult contemporary direction , with 99.1 becoming KZMR . When 105.7 switched formats and call letters to KVVF , the KSOL call letters returned to 98.9 , with 99.1 redubbed KZOL .
The two stations have simulcasted since 1990 , with 98.9 covering the North Bay , and 99.1 covering the far South Bay .
Boosters
KSOL is rebroadcast on the following FM Boosters :
Callsign history for 98.9
KJBS-FM Sign-on February 1 , 1948 until 1953 , co-owned with KJBS 1100
KCBS-FM `` CBS FM '' 1953 until September 1978 , co-owned with KCBS 740
KMPX `` Multiplex '' September 1978
KQAK `` The Quake '' August 1982
KKCY `` The City '' June 1985
KHIT `` 98.9 K-HIT '' May 6 , 1988 , ends with Shakedown , & Judy Davis 's announcement says `` and this is the end of K-Hit , for all you who were out there '' before launching a then-new format & K-O-F-Y coming in the '50s
KOFY-FM `` Hits 98.9 FM '' May 14 , 1988 , co-owned with KOFY 1050 and KOFY-TV channel 20
KDBK `` Double 99 FM '' August 2 , 1990 , co-owned with KDBQ 99.1 Santa Cruz
KSRY `` Star 99 FM '' April 16 , 1993 , co-owned with KSRI 99.1 Santa Cruz
KSOL `` KSOuL '' April 18 , 1994 , co-owned with KYLZ 99.1 Santa Cruz
KSOL `` Estereo Sol '' August 15 , 1996
KEMR `` Amor '' April 10 , 2002
KSOL : '' Estereo Sol '' January 2 , 2003 , co-owned with KSQL 99.1 Santa Cruz
KSOL : '' Que Buena '' June 12 , 2015 , co-owned with KSQL 99.1 Santa Cruz
It is believed that 98.9 has had more callsign changes than any other radio or TV station in California history .
References
External links
Radio Estereo Sol
`` The First Day of `` The Quake '' ( Bay Area Radio Museum )
`` The end of K-Hit 98.9 ''
FCC History Cards for KSOL
SOL
Regional Mexican radio stations in the United States
Univision Radio Network stations
Radio stations established in 1948
SOL
1948 establishments in California
Radical Gotham : Anarchism in New York City from Schwab 's Saloon to Occupy Wall Street is a 2017 history book edited by Tom Goyens and published by the University of Illinois Press .
Further reading
External links
2017 non-fiction books
History books about anarchism
Books about New York City
English-language books
University of Illinois Press books
The lawn bowls competition at the 1978 Commonwealth Games took place in Edmonton , Alberta , Canada from 3-12 August 1978 .
Medal table
Medallists
Results
David Bryant defended his title with a fourth successive Commonwealth Games singles gold medal , the fifth of his medals cache despite not competing in 1966.Hong Kong win both the Pairs and Fours .
Men 's singles – round robin
Men 's pairs – round robin
Men 's fours – round robin
+ Missing Hong Kong v N Ireland score
References
See also
List of Commonwealth Games medallists in lawn bowls
Lawn bowls at the Commonwealth Games
Lawn bowls at the Commonwealth Games
Brit
A user direct access programming library ( or uDAPL ) defines a single set of user application program interfaces ( APIs ) for all Remote direct memory access ( RDMA ) -capable transports . The uDAPL mission is to define a transport-independent and platform-standard set of APIs that exploit RDMA capabilities , such as those present in InfiniBand , Virtual Interface Architecture ( VIA ) , and ROI WG of Internet Engineering Task Force ( IETF ) .
External links
https : //www.openfabrics.org/downloads/dapl/documentation/uDAPL_v20.pdf
http : //www.datcollaborative.org/udapl.html ( obsolete , broken )
http : //www.datcollaborative.org/uDAPL_doc_062102.pdf ( obsolete , broken )
Programming libraries
Airdrie North is one of the twenty-one wards used to elect members of North Lanarkshire Council . It elects four councillors and covers northern and eastern parts of Airdrie ( Clarkston , Drumgelloch , Holehills and Thrashbush neighbourhoods ) plus the outlying villages of Caldercruix , Wattston , Plains and Glenmavis . Established in 2007 , a boundary review in 2017 resulted in a very minor change ( the loss of a few streets in Burnfoot ) . In 2019 , the ward 's population was 20,137 .
Councillors
Election results
2022 election
2017 election
2012 election
SNP councillor Alan Beveridge resigned from the party and became Independent on 10 February 2015 in opposition to the party 's 2015 Westminster Election selection procedures .
2007 election
References
Wards of North Lanarkshire
Airdrie , North Lanarkshire
653 Squadron AAC is a squadron of the British Army 's Army Air Corps ( AAC ) . It traces much of its history to No . 653 Squadron Royal Air Force , an Air Observation Post Squadron active from 20 June 1942 – 15 September 1945 , during and after the Second World War . These units spotted targets for the British Army and flew liaison tasks .
Their duties and squadron numbers were transferred to the Army with the formation of the Army Air Corps on 1 September 1957 .
History
No . 653 Squadron RAF was formed at RAF Old Sarum , Wiltshire , the home of Army co-operation , on 20 June 1942 and moved to Farnborough the following month . Originally equipped with de Havilland Tiger Moths , the Squadron later re-armed with Taylorcraft Auster Mk Is . Training commenced with Eastern Command and exercises were carried out with 12 Corps and with 45 , 46 and 53 Divisions . On 7 September 1942 the Squadron transferred to RAF Penshurst in Kent .
During March 1943 the unit took part , with other AOP Squadrons , in Exercise Spartan , and on 1 June 1943 was transferred from Army Co-operation Command to No . 11 Group of Fighter Command . From the middle of August a month was spent in Sissinghurst area in co-operation with 12 Corps on Exercise Peacock , on completion of which the Squadron returned to its station at Penhurst .
Training continued through the first half of 1944 under the control of No . 83 Group of 2nd TAF , until on 26 June 1944 , the Squadron left England for France . The Squadron landed in Normandy at 0730 hours on 27 June 1944 and proceeded direct to its landing ground at Rucqueville . The first sorties carried out were against suspected mortar positions which were registered for attention by the artillery . One aircraft of `` C '' Flight succeeded in directing fire on to a vehicle column and inflicting damage which blocked the road . The flight areas were shelled by the enemy on a number of occasions during the period but little damage was suffered , except on one night when all `` B '' Flight aircraft were lost as the result of a low-level bombing and machine gun attack .
During August the Squadron flew information sorties over the enemy withdrawal from Noyers and Epenay and provided standing patrols of the 53 and 59 Division fronts . Sorties were flown over Falise in the latter half of the month and messages were dropped to British armour informing them of the positions of German Tiger tanks which were holding up the advance . The area Falaise-Trun-Chambois was thoroughly searched for targets and the accuracy of the AOP Squadrons direction later became apparent as the advance covered the ground over which the Austers had been operating .
The Squadron 's moves were frequent in order to keep up with the forward troops and on more than one occasion the Squadron found itself sharing a new location with scattered units of German forces . At Frevest , in September `` A '' Flight was shelled by enemy artillery : on the same day men of `` C '' Flight engaged with a party of the enemy whom they attempted to ambush in a deserted house .
The Squadron moved into Belgium in September 1944 , Squadron headquarters being established at Wintham , with a forward landing ground at Devberg . Later in the month a further move was made over the Dutch border to Eindhoven .
Landing grounds at Nijmegen and Uden were occupied in October 1944 , although bad weather hampered visibility and restricted flying . During November patrols were maintained to report on the state of bridges over the River Maas and Wessem Canal and support was provided for the 51st Highland Division attack across the Afwaterings Canal . On the 14 November 1944 operation `` Mallard '' commenced with the object of driving the enemy across the River Maas and the Squadron flew a number of reconnaissances to discover the extent of the rivers flooding . Tac/R and photographic missions were also flown in the Rermond-Panningen area and over the defences of Venlo .
There was less activity during December 1944 , but the Squadron continued to move up behind their ground forces . On 1 January 1945 two pilots of `` C '' Flight inaugurated the new year by making their first sortie over Germany itself in the area if Aachen . Operations by the Army commenced on 16 January 1945 to clear the enemy up to the line of the rivers Roer and Wuom and in support of these the Squadron engaged guns and infantry in the area of the advance . For its part in the operation the Squadron received congratulations from the commander of 12 Corps Artillery .
The Squadron was withdrawn from operations February 1945 for a period of rest and training which was pent at Diest . It recommenced operation in March 1954 in time to support the crossing of the Rhine and moved over the river at the end of the month . A landing ground at Ahaus was occupied on 1 April 1945 and sorties carried out over the Gronau area in expectation of a counter-attack which did not develop . Reconnaissances were maintained over the Emms-Weser Canal to report on the state of the bridges there and a large number of targets were found in the surrounding area including gun positions , troops and transport .
`` B '' Flight operated with the 7th Armoured Division in their break through from the river Aller bridgehead and provided cover to prevent the enemy from shelling the bridge under construction across the river .
The Squadron moved across the river Elbe at the beginning of May 1945 and on 7 May was concentrated on Altona aerodrom in Hamburg . A number of sorties were flown during the remainder of the month to provide information for 12 Corps on the movements of surrendered German forces and to report of shipping at Brunsbuttel and in the Kiel Canal .
Communication flights for the Corps were carried out until that formation returned to England , when the Squadron passed to the command of 8 Corps and was later to 30 Corps , moving to a landing ground at Hoya . There the Squadron was occupied with ferry and communication flights for 30 Corps with the exception of `` B '' Flight which fulfilled similar duties for the 7th Armoured Division from Itsehoe .
On 23 August 1945 the Squadron were transferred to 84 Groups and on 15 September 1945 were finally disbanded after the German surrender .
Reformation from 1958
No . 653 Squadron came into being again in Cyprus on 11 May 1958 , but now as a squadron of the Army Air Corps . It then moved to Aden on 9 March 1961 and becoming HQ 3 Wing during 1965 serving in Aden till 1967 . The unit was shortly disbanded on 19 October 1967 but was reformed at AAC Netheravon on 1 November 1971 , it was remustered from 660 Squadrons from December 1978 and moved to Germany on 1 November 1978 .
The squadron operates the Apache AH.1 from Wattisham Airfield , with 3 Regiment Army Air Corps . After 2015 it became the Apache Conversion Squadron .
Aircraft operated
References
Notes
Bibliography
External links
653 Squadron AAC
Army Air Corps aircraft squadrons
Military units and formations established in 1958
1958 establishments in the United Kingdom
Palmless Prayer / Mass Murder Refrain is a collaborative studio album by Mono and World 's End Girlfriend . It was originally released via Human Highway Records on 14 December 2005 . In 2006 , it was re-released via Temporary Residence Limited .
Critical reception
Ian Mathers of Stylus Magazine gave the album a grade of `` A '' , writing , `` I 'd say this is one of the finest 'imaginary soundtracks ' ever released if I could just think of a film that would n't seem hideously overpowered by it . ''
Shawn Dspres of The Japan Times commented that `` Although broken down into distinct parts , the seamless transition between tracks makes the album play out like one extended , breathtaking piece . ''
Thom Jurek of AllMusic gave the album 3.5 out of 5 stars , calling it `` puzzling , bewildering and utterly beautiful . ''
In February 2007 , American webzine Somewhere Cold voted Palmless Paryaer / Mass Murder Refrain No . 7 on their 2006 Somewhere Cold Awards Hall of Fame .
Track listing
Personnel
Credits adapted from liner notes .
Mono
Takaakira `` Taka '' Goto – music
Yoda – music
Tamaki – music
Yasunori Takada – music
World 's End Girlfriend
Katsuhiko Maeda – music , recording , mixing
Additional musicians
Mujika Easel – chorus vocals
Takafumi Ishikawa – saxophone
Kazumasa Hashimoto – piano
Seigen Tokuzawa – cello
Kaoru Hagiwara – viola
Mikiko Ise – violin
Mio Okamura – violin
Technical
Seiji Ueki – recording
Gondo Tomohiko – recording
Yuuki Mizutani – recording
Tetsuya Yamamoto – recording
John Golden – mastering
Chieko Akasaka – design
Jeremy DeVine – design
Chie Tatsumi – photography
References
External links
2005 albums
Collaborative albums
Mono ( Japanese band ) albums
World 's End Girlfriend albums
Temporary Residence Limited albums
Gorosthaney Sabdhan ( Bengali : গোরস্থানে সাবধান ) is a 2010 thriller film directed by Sandip Ray based on the novel of the same name by Satyajit Ray . The film was released on 10 December 2010 . It is different from most other Feluda stories , in the sense that this story is based on Feluda 's hometown Kolkata ( Calcutta ) . Most of Feluda 's adventures take place as he and his company go to visit some place in India or outside . Here , however , Calcutta itself is the setting . It is the fourth film of the New Feluda franchise as well as the sequel of Tintorettor Jishu .
Plot
By accident , more than anything else , the three find themselves beside the grave of Thomas Godwin . The grave was dug up by some miscreants for unknown reasons . The rather colorful history of Mr. Godwin makes Feluda curious to know more about the man . From the diary of Thomas ' daughter Charlotte , Feluda finds that a very precious clock went to Thomas ' grave with him . To his surprise , Feluda finds that another party knows about this clock and they are trying to get it aided by the letter with them . Thanks to the brilliance of the detective and the help of 'Haripodobabu ' , the chauffeur of Mr. Ganguli , a new introduction in this book , their plot is foiled .
The Old Calcutta : for a long time , Calcutta was the capital of British India . Just as the story of the Nawabs plays a vital part in 'Badshahi Angti ' ( based on Lucknow ) , the story of British families who lived in the former capital of the British Raj , plays a prominent part in this story . Feluda goes to a Christian cemetery , to see the graves of the members of the Godwin family . He goes to Ripon Lane to meet a living member of the family . Later on , he finds that there is an Anglo-Indian branch of the family as well .
[ Incomplete Plot ]
Cast
Sabyasachi Chakrabarty as Feluda
Saheb Bhattacharya as Topshe
Bibhu Bhattacharya as Jatayu
Dwijen Bandopadhyay as Priyabrata Sikdar
Dhritiman Chatterjee as Mahadeb Chowdhury
Subhashish Mukherjee as William Girindranath Biswas
Haradhan Bandopadhyay As Sidhu Jetha
Tinnu Anand as Marcus Godwin
Pradip Mukherjee as Michael Narendranath Biswas
Tamal Ray Chowdhury as Mr. Arakis
External links
Gorosthane Shabdhan - a walk through Victorian Calcutta
Indian children 's films
2010 films
2010s Bengali-language films
Bengali-language Indian films
Feluda ( series )
Films based on Indian novels
Indian detective films
Films directed by Sandip Ray
Films set in Kolkata
Films with screenplays by Satyajit Ray
2010s thriller films
A number of steamships have been named Pretoria
Ship names
Michelle Louise Chandler ( born 16 July 1974 ) is a retired basketball player from Australia , who played for the Melbourne Tigers . She was a member of the national women 's team that won the bronze medal at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta , Georgia . She attended the Australian Institute of Sport in 1992 . Her married name is Michelle Cleary .
See also
List of Australian WNBA players
References
External links
1974 births
Living people
Australian women 's basketball players
Basketball players at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Olympic basketball players of Australia
Olympic bronze medalists for Australia
Sportspeople from Geelong
Melbourne Tigers players
Olympic medalists in basketball
Australian Institute of Sport basketball ( WNBL ) players
Medalists at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Kingman County ( standard abbreviation : KM ) is a county located in the U.S. state of Kansas . As of the 2020 census , the county population was 7,470 . The largest city and county seat is Kingman .
History
Early history
For many millennia , the Great Plains of North America was inhabited by nomadic Native Americans . From the 16th century to 18th century , the Kingdom of France claimed ownership of large parts of North America . In 1762 , after the French and Indian War , France secretly ceded New France to Spain , per the Treaty of Fontainebleau .
19th century
In 1802 , Spain returned most of the land to France , but keeping title to about 7,500 square miles . In 1803 , most of the land for modern day Kansas was acquired by the United States from France as part of the 828,000 square mile Louisiana Purchase for 2.83 cents per acre .
In 1854 , the Kansas Territory was organized , then in 1861 Kansas became the 34th U.S. state . In 1872 , Kingman County was established and named for Samuel A. Kingman , chief justice of the Kansas Supreme Court .
During the 1870s , Kingman County abounded with bison . The old-time cowboy author Frank H. Maynard reported going there on his first buffalo hunt .
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 0.4 % ) is water .
Adjacent counties
Reno County ( north )
Sedgwick County ( east )
Sumner County ( southeast )
Harper County ( south )
Barber County ( southwest )
Pratt County ( west )
Demographics
As of the census of 2000 , there were 8,673 people , 3,371 households , and 2,420 families residing in the county . The population density was . There were 3,852 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 97.45 % White , 0.21 % Black or African American , 0.58 % Native American , 0.24 % Asian , 0.02 % Pacific Islander , 0.35 % from other races , and 1.15 % from two or more races . 1.44 % of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race .
There were 3,371 households , out of which 32.40 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 61.90 % were married couples living together , 7.10 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 28.20 % were non-families . 26.00 % of all households were made up of individuals , and 13.80 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older . The average household size was 2.51 and the average family size was 3.03 .
In the county , the population was spread out , with 27.40 % under the age of 18 , 5.80 % from 18 to 24 , 24.70 % from 25 to 44 , 22.50 % from 45 to 64 , and 19.60 % who were 65 years of age or older . The median age was 40 years . For every 100 females there were 96.30 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 93.50 males .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 37,790 , and the median income for a family was $ 44,547 . Males had a median income of $ 31,771 versus $ 25,298 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 18,533 . About 8.40 % of families and 10.60 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 16.90 % of those under age 18 and 7.40 % of those age 65 or over .
Government
Presidential elections
Laws
Following amendment to the Kansas Constitution in 1986 , the county remained a prohibition , or `` dry '' , county until 2004 , when voters approved the sale of alcoholic liquor by the individual drink with a 30 percent food sales requirement .
Education
Unified school districts
Kingman–Norwich USD 331
Cunningham–West Kingman County USD 332
Communities
Cities
Cunningham
Kingman
Nashville
Norwich
Penalosa
Spivey
Zenda
Unincorporated communities
Adams
Belmont
Calista
Cleveland
Midway
Mount Vernon
Murdock
Rago
Skellyville
St. Leo
Varner
Waterloo
Willowdale
Townships
Kingman County is divided into twenty-three townships . The city of Kingman is considered governmentally independent and is excluded from the census figures for the townships . In the following table , the population center is the largest city ( or cities ) included in that township 's population total , if it is of a significant size .
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Kingman County , Kansas
References
Further reading
Standard Atlas of Kingman County , Kansas ; Geo . A. Ogle & Co ; 74 pages ; 1921 .
Plat Book of Kingman County , Kansas ; Northwest Publishing Co ; 45 pages ; 1903 .
External links
County
Kingman County - Directory of Public Officials
Kingman County - Economic Development Council
Maps
Kingman County Maps : Current , Historic , KDOT
Kansas Highway Maps : Current , Historic , KDOT
Kansas Railroad Maps : Current , 1996 , 1915 , KDOT and Kansas Historical Society
Kansas counties
1872 establishments in Kansas
Populated places established in 1872
The 1957–58 Norwegian 1 . Divisjon season was the 19th season of ice hockey in Norway . Eight teams participated in the league , and Gamlebyen won the championship .
Regular season
External links
Norwegian Ice Hockey Federation
Nor
GET-ligaen seasons
1957 in Norwegian sport
1958 in Norwegian sport
The Henan Famine of 1942–1943 occurred in Henan , most particularly within the eastern and central part of the province . The famine occurred within the context of the Second Sino-Japanese War and resulted from a combination of natural and human factors . Modern quantitative studies put the death toll to be `` well under one million '' , probably around 700,000 . 15 years later Henan was struck by the deadlier Great Chinese famine .
Famine
Causes
Henan had previously suffered as a result of the war . Thousands of its young men had already been conscripted . In 1938 the Nationalist government flooded the Yellow River in an attempt to stop the advance of the Japanese , flooding through eastern and central Henan , central Anhui and north-central Jiangsu . As many as 400,000 to 500,000 Northern Chinese civilians and Japanese soldiers may have died from famine , disease and flooding . When Japanese troops did enter the area they caused much destruction , which contributed to causing the famine . By the time of the famine itself , Henan was divided , with the eastern half of the province under occupation by Japan and the western half part unoccupied and nominally under the authority of the Nationalist government based in Chongqing .
In 1942 the spring and summer rains failed , causing drought . In addition to this , locusts caused much damage to the existing harvest . The result was that the supply of grain in the affected areas was reduced greatly . This started to make itself felt by the winter of that year . Yet Chinese and Japanese authorities in the affected areas continued their grain requisition policies in order to feed their soldiers . Environmental historian Micah S. Muscolino also suggests that there is a link between the deliberate flooding of the Yellow River in 1938 and the 1942 famine as the flooding 'contributed to a total disruption of Henan 's hydraulic and agricultural systems ' .
The terrible conditions that the famine created were vividly described by journalist Theodore White in a special report written for Time magazine , published in March 1943 . Cannibalism was rife and parents sold their children just to survive . Disease bred in these conditions , contributing greatly to the death toll . Relief efforts were organized by the government , and by Christian missionaries operating in the area .
In his work China 's War with Japan , 1937 – 1945 , which is broadly sympathetic to Chiang Kai-shek , Rana Mitter places much of the blame at the hands of corrupt or incompetent local officials . He notes that Chiang announced a reduction in the grain quota for Henan , but the head of the Henan grain administration collected more than the quota demanded anyway . Officials in the neighboring provinces refused to send their surplus grain to Henan . A further example of this incompetence and corruption comes from Runan County where a grain storage system had been set up at the outbreak of war . However , officials there had never actually stored the grain and used it instead to make private deals . Theodore White described being invited to a feast by local authorities which included delicacies such as 'chicken , beef , water chestnut and three cakes with sugar frosting ' . The Chongqing government is , however , blamed for reacting slowly and sending paper money instead of food for relief . Mitter notes that the famine can be seen as a consequence of the reduction of the Nationalist government 's authority over the provinces as the war dragged on . He also says that Chiang 's government was also reluctant to press further for a reduction in the grain tax when national survival was at stake .
Death toll
Modern academics put the famine deaths to be `` well under one million '' , probably around 700,000 . The official count of 1,484,983 , compiled in 1943 , was later found to grossly exaggerated as it included fertility loss ( decline in births ) and outward migration . Quantitative calculations found that `` fertility loss and excess deaths would have made a similar contribution to total population loss [ of combined 1,484,983 ] '' .
Another common incorrect figure , 3 to 5 millions deaths , is `` generally unsourced or based on the estimates of eyewitnesses such as Theodore White , and always without reference to detailed demographic data '' . Such high-end estimate given by communist academics is politically motivated to make the Great Chinese famine in 1959-1961 look less deadly .
Below shows the county breakdown of the grossly exaggerated official count of 1,484,983 , compiled in 1943 . The figures are better served as a comparison among counties on the level of famine severity .
Political ramifications
In Communist-controlled areas , the authorities did reduce the grain quotas for those most affected by the drought . Mao Zedong exploited this for propaganda purposes to portray his government as more benevolent than the Nationalist government . This was effective as it became 'an obvious point of comparison ' . The Communists were able to pursue this policy in part because they depended on guerilla warfare and did not need to maintain a standing army in order to participate in the wartime alliance .
Legacy
The Chinese famine of 1942–1943 has been referred to as 'China 's forgotten famine ' , overshadowed by the war that took place around it and the much greater famine of 1958–61 . Even in Henan itself this tragic period is not well remembered or talked about , with novelist Liu Zhenyun saying that there is a 'collective amnesia ' in the province . Interest in the event has rekindled in recent years , however , with the release of the film Back to 1942 , adapted from Liu Zhenyun 's novel Remembering 1942 .
References
Further reading
Garnaut , Anthony . `` A quantitative description of the Henan famine of 1942 . '' Modern Asian Studies 47.6 ( 2013 ) : 2007-2045 . DOI : https : //doi.org/10.1017/S0026749X13000103
Muscolino , Micah S. The Ecology of War in China : Henan Province , the Yellow River , and Beyond , 1938–1950 ( Cambridge UP , 2014 ) .
Ó Gráda , Cormac . `` The ripple that drowns ? Twentieth‐century famines in China and India as economic history 1 . '' Economic History Review 61 ( 2008 ) : 5-37 online .
External links
Images of the famine
1942 in China
1943 in China
1942
Second Sino-Japanese War
Disasters in Henan
20th-century famines
Kaza Kajami-Keane ( born January 27 , 1994 ) is a Canadian - Jamaican professional basketball player for Le Mans Sarthe of the LNB Pro A . He played college basketball for the Illinois State Redbirds , the Cleveland State Vikings and the Carleton Ravens . He has also competed for the Canadian national basketball team .
Professional career
Raptors 905
Kajami-Keane made his professional debut with Raptors 905 in the NBA G League . In the 2017–18 season , he averaged 6.3 points and 4.2 assists in 18.5 minutes per game .
Landstede Zwolle
In August 2018 , Kajami-Keane signed with Landstede Basketbal of the Dutch Basketball League ( DBL ) .
On 1 June 2019 , Kajami-Keane won the DBL championship with Landstede , the first in club history . Kajami-Keane was named the DBL Play-offs MVP , after averaging 18.3 points and 5.3 assists in 12 playoff games .
Mitteldeutscher BC
On July 31 , 2019 , Kajami-Keane signed with Mitteldeutscher BC , for sponsorship reasons for the 2019–20 season . With MBC , he would play in the German Basketball Bundesliga ( BBL ) . He averaged 15.2 points , 5.3 assists and 2.7 rebounds per game .
Le Mans Sarthe
On June 8 , 2020 , Kajami-Keane signed with Le Mans Sarthe of the LNB Pro A . He averaged 12.2 points and 4.1 assists per game . Kajami-Keane re-signed with the team on June 25 , 2021 .
National team career
On December 3 , 2017 , Kajami-Keane made his debut in the Canadian national basketball team in a 94–67 win over Brazil at the 2019 FIBA Basketball World Cup qualification stage .
References
External links
RealGM profile
1994 births
Living people
2019 FIBA Basketball World Cup players
Basketball people from Ontario
Canadian expatriate basketball people in the Netherlands
Canadian expatriate basketball people in the United States
Canadian men 's basketball players
Carleton Ravens basketball players
Cleveland State Vikings men 's basketball players
Dutch Basketball League players
Illinois State Redbirds men 's basketball players
Landstede Hammers players
Le Mans Sarthe Basket players
Mitteldeutscher BC players
People from Ajax , Ontario
Point guards
Raptors 905 players
Saldenburg is a municipality in the district of Freyung-Grafenau in Bavaria in Germany .
The municipality comprises the following 30 villages and locations :
References
Freyung-Grafenau
The culture of Kyrgyzstan has a wide mix of ethnic groups and cultures , with the Kyrgyz being the majority group . It is generally considered that there are 40 Kyrgyz clans , symbolized by the 40-rayed yellow sun in the center of the flag . The lines inside the sun are said to represent a yurt . The dominant religion of Kyrgyzstan is Sunni Islam ( 91 % ) . The Russian population is Russian Orthodox .
Languages
Kyrgyzstan is the only former Soviet Central Asian republic to start out with two official languages , in this case Russian and Kyrgyz . An aggressive post-Soviet campaign was established to make the latter the official national language in all commercial and government uses by 1997 ; Russian is still used extensively , and the non-Kyrgyz population , most not Kyrgyz speakers , are hostile to forcible Kyrgyzification .
Kyrgyzstan has a high literacy rate ( 99 % ) , and a strong tradition of educating all citizens . However , its ambitious program to restructure the Soviet educational system is hampered by insufficient resources . School attendance is mandatory through grade nine . Kyrgyz is increasingly used for instruction ; the transition from Russian to Kyrgyz has been hampered by lack of textbooks . It remains to be seen whether Russian will continue as the second language of choice , or whether English will supersede it as a lingua franca .
Demographics
In 1992 , the population of Kyrgyzstan was estimated as being 53 % ethnic Kyrgyz , 22 % Russian , 14.5 % Uzbek , 1.9 % Tatar , 0.5 % Ukrainian , a population of Chinese Muslims known as the Dungan ( 1 % ) , and a small community of Germans . Of some potential political significance are the Uyghurs . That group numbered only about 36,000 in Kyrgyzstan , but about 185,000 lived in neighboring Kazakhstan . The Uyghurs are also the majority population in the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region of China , whose population is about 24 million , located to the northeast of Kyrgyzstan .
Literary works
Manas is an orally transmitted epic poem told by manaschis , and the name of the epic 's eponymous hero . The poem , with close to half a million lines , is twenty times longer than Homer 's Odyssey , and one of the longest epics in the world . It is a patriotic work recounting the exploits of Manas and his descendants and followers , who , according to tradition , fought against the Chinese and Kalmyks in the 9th century to preserve Kyrgyz independence .
Chingiz Aytmatov is often referred to as a national writer of Kyrgyzstan . Kenesh Jusupov and Kasymaly Jantöshev are also prominent Kyrgyz writers . Jantöshev 's novel Kanybek is regarded as one of the most popular novels in Kyrgyzstan .
Textiles
Kyrgyz women produce a wide range of textiles , mostly from felt made from the wool of local sheep . Ancient patterns are nowadays adapted to the tourist and export market , but it is still a living tradition , in that all yurts and most houses contain hand-made carpets or felt rugs called shyrdaks .
Tush kiyiz are large , elaborately embroidered wall hangings , traditionally made in Kyrgyzstan and Kazakhstan , by elder women to commemorate the marriage of a son or daughter .
Kalpaks are the Kyrgyz national hat , also almost always made of felt .
Colors and designs are chosen to symbolize Kyrgyz traditions and rural life . Flowers , plants , animals , stylized horns , national designs , and emblems of Kyrgyz life are often found in these ornate and colorful embroideries . Designs are sometimes dated and signed by the artist upon completion of the work , which may take years to finish . The tush kiyiz is hung in the yurt , over the marriage bed of the couple , and symbolize their pride in their Kyrgyz tradition .
Flat cushions called xxx , are usually made in shadow-pairs . These are seen on every chair , padding the seat .
Cuisine
The cuisine of Kyrgyzstan is similar in many respects to that of its neighbors . Traditional Kyrgyz food revolves around mutton and horse meat , as well as various dairy products . The cooking techniques and major ingredients have been strongly influenced by the nation 's nomadic way of life . Thus , most cooking techniques are conducive to the long-term preservation of food . Mutton ( lamb ) is the favorite meat , although much Kyrgyz are unable to afford it regularly .
Kyrgyzstan is home to many different nationalities and their various cuisines . In larger cities , such as Bishkek , Osh , Jalal-Abad , and Karakol , various national and international cuisines can be found . On the road and in the villages , the cuisine tends to be standard Kyrgyz dishes , liberally flavored with oil or sheep fat , which are considered both delicious and healthy by the local population .
Pilaf ( paloo ) is the national dish in Kyrgyzstan . Green tea is considered the national beverage .
Traditions
Illegal , but still practiced , is the tradition of bride kidnapping .
See also
Media of Kyrgyzstan
Music of Kyrgyzstan
LGBT rights in Kyrgyzstan ( Gay rights )
Islam in Kyrgyzstan
Christianity in Kyrgyzstan
Scouting in Kyrgyzstan
Bergtal
Tourism in Kyrgyzstan
References
Handrahan , Lori . 2004 . `` Hunting for Women : Bride-Kidnapping in Kyrgyzstan . '' International Feminist Journal of Politics , 6:2 ( June ) , 207–233 .
Kleinbach , Russell . `` Frequency of non-consensual bride kidnapping in the Kyrgyz Republic . '' International Journal of Central Asian Studies . Vol 8 , No 1 , 2003 , pp 108–128 .
—— , Mehrigiul Ablezova and Medina Aitieva . `` Kidnapping for marriage ( ala kachuu ) in a Kyrgyz village . '' Central Asian Survey . ( June 2005 ) 24 ( 2 ) , 191–202 .
External links
PBS Frontline/World documentary and related pages . The Kidnapped Bride March 2004
This article contains some text originally adapted from the public domain Library of Congress Country Study for Kyrgyzstan at http : //lcweb2.loc.gov/frd/cs/kgtoc.html
The Dicastery for Communication ( ) is a division ( dicastery ) of the Roman Curia with authority over all communication offices of the Holy See and the Vatican City State . Its various offices can be accessed through its website . These are the Pope 's website and other offices such as Vatican News on internet ( including the former Vatican Media Center which distributes segments for television ) , the Holy See Press Office , L'Osservatore Romano , Photograph Service , Vatican Radio , , and the Vatican Publishing House . The Pontifical Council for Social Communications has been subsumed into this new Dicastery .
Pope Francis established the Secretariat for Communication in June 2015 , with Monsignor Dario Edoardo Viganò , former director of the Vatican Television Center , as its first prefect . Viganò resigned on 21 March 2018 , `` a week after his mishandling of a letter from retired Pope Benedict XVI provoked a global outcry '' .
On 23 June 2018 , the secretariat was renamed Dicastery for Communication , and on 5 July 2018 , Pope Francis appointed award-winning lay journalist Paolo Ruffini as prefect . He was the first layman named to head a Vatican dicastery . Monsignor Lucio Adrian Ruiz , former head of the Vatican Internet Service , is secretary . Paul Nusiner , former General Manager of Avvenire is director general .
Members
On 13 July 2016 Pope Francis appointed the following as members of the dicastery :
Patriarch Moran Mor Béchara Boutros Raï
Cardinal John Njue
Cardinal Chibly Langlois
Cardinal Charles Maung Bo
Cardinal Leonardo Sandri
Cardinal Beniamino Stella
Archbishop Diarmuid Martin
Archbishop Gintaras Grušas
Bishop Marcello Semeraro
Bishop Stanislas Lalanne
Bishop Pierre Nguyễn Văn Khảm
Bishop Ginés Ramón García Beltrán
Bishop Nuno Brás da Silva Martins
Alessandro Elia
Kim Daniels
Markus Schächter
Leticia Soberón Mainero
On 12 April 2017 , Pope Francis expanded the Secretariat of Communication and appointed 13 new consultants :
Jacquineau Azétsop , S.J .
Fernando Giménez Barriocanal
Ann Carter
Dino Cataldo Dell'Accio
Graham Ellis
Peter Gonsalves
José María La Porte
Ivan Maffeis
James Martin , S.J .
Paolo Peverini
Eric Salobir , O.P .
Michael Paul Unland
Michael Warsaw
On 18 December 2018 , Pope Francis appointed Andrea Tornielli as Editorial Director .
On Friday December 3rd 2021 , Pope Francis appointed Bishop Emmanuel Adetoyese Badejo as member of the Vatican Dicastery for Communication .
See also
Index of Vatican City-related articles
References
Government agencies established in 2015
Christian organizations established in 2015
2015 establishments in Vatican City
Caston Tower Windmill is a grade II * listed tower mill at Caston , Norfolk , England which is under restoration . The mill is also a scheduled monument .
History
Caston Windmill was built in 1864 , replacing a post mill which had been standing in 1834 . The tower was built by William Wright , a local builder , and fitted out by millwright Robert Hambling of East Dereham . It bears a date stone inscribed EW 1864 , referring to Edward Wyer , who had owned the post mill .
The mill caught fire during a storm on 24 March 1895 but it is not recorded how much damage was done . The Watton fire brigade were called upon to deal with the fire . Edward Wyer ran the mill until his death on 5 July 1897 . His property was offered for sale by auction on 7 October 1897 at the Dukes Head public house , Caston , but remained unsold . Wyer 's son James took the mill and ran it until 1910 when he retired . In that year , Wyer 's brother-in-law Benjamin Knott took the mill . A new stock was fitted in August 1915 and a new sail fitted by Robert Martin , millwright of Beccles , Suffolk , in September 1922 , at which date the mill was painted . Knott ran the mill until 1940 , latterly in partnership with his son James .
During Knott 's tenure , a Hornsby oil engine was installed in the granary , driving a further pair of millstones . In 1940 , the mill was sold to James Bilham , who used the engine driven millstones for milling , and removed the two pairs of Peak millstones from the windmill . Bilham died in 1967 and the mill was sold by his widow in October 1969 .
The mill was bought by millwright John Lawn , who intended to restore the mill to working order . The granary was converted to residential accommodation . Lawn entered into partnership with Philip Lennard as Lennard and Lawn ( Millwrights ) Ltd , at the time the only professional millwrights based in Norfolk . Lennard & Lawn did a lot of work for the Norfolk Windmills Trust and consequently the restoration of Caston Mill took place on an `` as and when '' basis .
The cap and sails were removed on 23 November 1983 . John Lawn died in January 2000 . A memorial plaque was dedicated to him at Old Buckenham . The cap was refitted to Caston Mill in 2000 .
Description
Caston Windmill is a six-storey tower mill with a two storey granary attached . There is a stage at second floor level . The tower is outside diameter at ground level with walls thick . It is outside diameter at curb level . The tower is tall to curb level . The boat-shaped cap is winded by a six-bladed fantail . The four double Patent sails have ten bays . Eight bays carried three shutters and two bays carried two shutters . The sails are carried on a cast-iron windshaft , which also carries a diameter wooden clasp arm brake wheel . The cast-iron wallower is carried on a wooden upright shaft . The three pairs of millstones were driven underdrift .
Millers
Edward Wyer ( 1864–97 )
James Wyer ( 1897–1910 )
Benjamin Knott ( 1910– ? )
Benjamin & James Knott ( ? –1940 )
James Bilham ( 1940–67 )
References
External links
Windmill World webpage on Caston Mill
Windmills in Norfolk
Tower mills in the United Kingdom
Grinding mills in the United Kingdom
Windmills completed in 1864
Grade II * listed buildings in Norfolk
Breckland District
Grade II * listed windmills
1864 establishments in England
Glyphipterix chalcostrepta is a species of sedge moth in the genus Glyphipterix . It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1907 . It is found in Australia , including Tasmania .
References
Moths described in 1907
Glyphipterigidae
Moths of Australia
Filiberto Fernández ( born 21 April 1972 ) is a Mexican former wrestler who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics .
References
External links
1972 births
Living people
Olympic wrestlers of Mexico
Wrestlers at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Mexican male sport wrestlers
Excelsa may refer to :
Excelsa coffee , a crop plant
Fictional characters
Exelsa , the Argentine housemaid in the Mexican sitcom , La familia P. Luche
The Mindanao pygmy babbler ( Dasycrotapha plateni ) is a bird species endemic to the Philippines . It had been placed in the family Timaliidae , but it is a close relative of the white-eyes , however , and many taxonomists now place it in the family Zosteropidae .
The Visayan pygmy babbler was formerly included here as a subspecies , but is usually recognized as a distinct species S. pygmaea today . Together , they were simply called `` pygmy babbler '' .
Its natural habitats are tropical moist lowland forests and tropical moist montane forests up to 1,100 meters above sea level . It is often seen in mixed flocks with other forest birds . It has been classified by the IUCN as Near-threatened due to habitat loss .
The scientific name commemorates the German zoologist Carl Constantin Platen .
Gallery
References
BirdLife International 2004 . Stachyris plateni . 2006 IUCN Red List of Threatened Species . Downloaded on 27 July 2007 .
Collar , N. J . & Robson , C. 2007 . Family Timaliidae ( Babblers ) pp . 70 – 291 in ; del Hoyo , J. , Elliott , A . & Christie , D.A . eds . Handbook of the Birds of the World , Vol . 12 . Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees . Lynx Edicions , Barcelona .
Moyle , R. G. , C. E. Filardi , C. E. Smith , and J. Diamond . 2009 . Explosive Pleistocene diversification and hemispheric expansion of a `` great speciator . '' Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America 106 : 1863–1868 .
Allen , D , 2020 , Birds of the Philippines p298-299
Mindanao pygmy babbler
Birds of Mindanao
Mindanao pygmy babbler
Mindanao pygmy babbler
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Honiatycze-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Werbkowice , within Hrubieszów County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
References
Honiatycze-Kolonia
Pere Guerrero Torrecilla ( born June 5 , 1973 in La Seu d'Urgell ) is a Spanish slalom canoeist who competed in the 1990s . He finished 28th in the C1 event at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona .
World Cup individual podiums
References
Sports-reference.com profile
1973 births
Canoeists at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Living people
Olympic canoeists of Spain
Spanish male canoeists
Sportspeople from the Province of Lleida
People from Alt Urgell
Eoandromeda is an Ediacaran organism consisting of eight radial spiral arms , and known from two taphonomic modes : the standard Ediacara type preservation in Australia , and as carbonaceous compressions from the Doushantuo formation of China ,
where it is abundant .
Morphology
A few dozen fossil specimens are known , ranging from about 1 to 4 cm in diameter ; they are circular in outline and their eight arms , with closed ends , spiral either clockwise or counterclockwise .
Ridges cut across both the inside and outside of the spiral arms . The arms of the Australian individuals are longer and more tightly coiled than those of the Chinese , despite the Australian individuals not attaining as large a diameter ; they are more often kinked .
Affinity
The organism was first interpreted as a trace fossil , and has also been considered to represent an agglutinating foraminiferan . However , the discovery of the Chinese fossils , which have preserved organic matter , ruled out these interpretations , because the Burgess shale type preservation displayed required relatively robust organic material to start with . Its spiral form has also led to comparison with the fossil embryos also preserved in the Doushantuo formation ; the exact purpose still remains out on this until intermediate forms are found .
The organism bears a very superficial resemblance to echinoderms , ctenophores and to some of the other Ediacara biota , but it lacks sufficient physical characteristics to ascertain with any degree of certainty whether it is indeed an animal or not . If it is , it would be the earliest known fossil of an adult animal ; and its anatomy is consistent with that expected from the earliest animals . However , it is not perfectly clear that it is an animal ; algae , the dominant constituent of the Doushantuo biota , can not be ruled out , except that Eoandromeda seems a little too complex .
Taphonomic significance
In the Ediacaran ( Vendian ) period there are two biotas of multicellular organisms ; as now understood , this biota do not generally share members , as was considered until recently :
Ediacara-type biota ( it is in broad sense : Ediacara- , Nama- , Avalon-type ecological assemblage ) it is community of the Metazoa and problematic organisms : Dickinsonia , Yorgia , Kimberella , Charnia , Charniodiscus , Cyclomedusa , Ediacaria , Parvancorina , Pteridinium , Rangea , Fractofusus , Tribrachidium , Hiemalora , palaeopascichnids and others . These organisms mainly are negative and positive imprints on the base of sandstone beds with the `` elephant skin '' and tubercle texture diagnostic of microbial mats ( Ediacara-type preservation ) , sandy casts in the beds of sandstone ( Nama-type preservation ) , Avalon-type preservation characterized imprints on the top mudstone surface covered by volcanic ash , and in Khatyspyt-type preservation the fossils are found in finely laminated to medium-bedded , nodular bituminous limestones .
Miaohe-type biota characterizes assemblage of algal macrofossils : Beltanelloides , Mezenia , Sinospongia , Jiuqunaoella , Grypania , Liulingjitaenia , Tawuia , Calyptrina , Cucullus and others . These fossils are of the form of flat organic carbonaceous films ; it is shadow left by organic matter of the organism flesh ( it is looking like of the Burgess shale type preservation ) .
Trying to relate organisms that are preserved in the two modes is immensely problematic , because they preserve such different parts of organisms ; the imprints preserve a cast of the organism 's outline , whereas the carbonaceous films display a shadow left by any resistant organic matter . This has made relating the two taphonomic types very difficult : Eoandromeda is one of the few organisms which can convincingly be compared in both taphonomic modes .
Such cases of preservation are known also for organisms related to the Anfesta-Albumares-like fossils from the Doushantuo Formation , for Beltanelloides sorichevae from the Lyamtsa Formation of the White Sea area , Russia and Doushantuo Formation , and possible for Cyclomedusa davidi from Perevalok Formation of the Central Urals .
See also
List of Ediacaran genera
References
Ediacaran life
Incertae sedis
Fossils of China
Bugabashevo ( ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) in Mikhaylovsky Selsoviet , Bakalinsky District , Bashkortostan , Russia . The population was 185 as of 2010 . There are 2 streets .
Geography
Bugabashevo is located 20 km southeast of Bakaly ( the district 's administrative centre ) by road . Mikhaylovka is the nearest rural locality .
References
Rural localities in Bakalinsky District
The robin accentor ( Prunella rubeculoides ) is a species of bird in the family Prunellidae . It is found in the mountainous regions of Afghanistan , Pakistan , India , Nepal , Bhutan and China , at altitudes between about . It is a brown bird with a grey head and an orange-red breast . It is common in parts of its range and its conservation status has been assessed by the International Union for Conservation of Nature as being of `` least concern '' .
Taxonomy
The robin accentor was described by the English entomologist and ornithologist Frederic Moore in 1854 from a specimen collected in Nepal . He coined the binomial name Accentor rubeculoides . The specific epithet combines the Medieval Latin rubecula for a `` robin '' and the Ancient Greek -oidēs `` resembling '' . The robin accentor is now placed in the genus Prunella that was introduced by the French ornithologist Louis Vieillot in 1816 .
There are two subspecies :
P. r. muraria Meinertzhagen , R & Meinertzhagen , A , 1926 – west Himalayas
P. r. rubeculoides ( Moore , F , 1854 ) – central and east Himalayas to central China
Description
The robin accentor is a large accentor , growing to a length of about . The sexes are similar in appearance and have the slender , sharply-pointed beak typical of an insect-eating bird . The head and neck are grey while the other upper parts are brown , streaked with black . The throat is a uniform shade of reddish-orange and the belly pale buff . The wing coverts have white tips . The call is a high trill , or a repeated `` tszi tszi '' . The song is musical and has been rendered as `` si-tsi-si-tsi-tsu-tsitsi '' .
Distribution and habitat
The robin accentor is native to mountainous regions of Pakistan , India , Bhutan , Nepal and China , and is also present in Afghanistan , typically at altitudes between . In China it is known from the Tibet Autonomous Region and the provinces of Qinghai , Gansu and Sichuan . It is a non-migratory species normally resident above the tree-line but not as high as the snowline . It is usually seen on the ground in grassland or among scrub , often in gullies containing streams . In the winter it may move to slightly lower elevations and is often found in stony areas close to human habitations .
Behaviour
The robin accentor mostly forages on the ground for insects , other invertebrates and seeds . Small groups of birds may feed together . A female often mates with several males , and each male attempts to remove any sperm already present in her cloaca before himself mounting her . The nest is built off the ground in tussock grass , bushes or scrub . It is cup-shaped , and a clutch of about four blue or green , unspeckled eggs is laid . The breeding season is between May and August and there may be two broods .
Status
The robin accentor has a wide range and is common in parts of that range . No particular threats have been identified and the population seems stable , so the International Union for Conservation of Nature has assessed its conservation status as being of `` least concern '' .
References
External links
Xeno-canto : audio recordings of the robin accentor
Images at ADW
robin accentor
Birds of the Himalayas
Birds of China
robin accentor
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Ohlenhard is a municipality in the district of Ahrweiler , in Rhineland-Palatinate , Germany .
References
Ahrweiler ( district )
Frank Campbell may refer to :
Frank Campbell ( New York politician ) ( 1858–1924 ) , American politician , New York State comptroller
Frank T. Campbell ( 1836–1907 ) , American politician , lieutenant governor of Iowa
Frank Campbell ( footballer , born 1907 ) ( 1907–1985 ) , Scottish footballer ( Southampton FC )
Frank Campbell ( footballer , born 1950 ) , Scottish footballer ( Grimsby Town )
Frank E. Campbell ( 1872–1934 ) , founder of the Frank E. Campbell Funeral Chapel
Frank Campbell ( bowls ) , Irish lawn bowls player
See also
Francis Campbell ( disambiguation )
Gary Allen Hammond ( born July 31 , 1949 ) is a former American football wide receiver and running back in the National Football League who played for the St. Louis Cardinals . He played college football for the SMU Mustangs .
High School Years
Hammond attended Thomas Jefferson High School in Port Arthur , Texas , where his father encouraged him to play multiple sports . Hammond was a second-team All-State quarterback in 1967 and a high school All-American in 1968 .
College Years
Hammond was heavily recruited by Texas and Texas A & M , but chose to attend SMU because he was Methodist . He played wide receiver , running back and quarterback and was a three-year letterman . He was named All-Southwestern Conference at wide receiver as a sophomore and as running back his junior season . He led the conference in receiving in both 1969 and 1970 . Hammond was moved to quarterback his senior season in 1971 and was named the conference 's Player of the Year . He also received the Kern Tips Memorial Trophy and the Ray McColloch Sportsmanship Award that year .
Pro Career
Hammond 's versatility in college caught the attention of pro scouts . In 1972 , he was selected by the New York Jets in the third round of the NFL Draft . He played some quarterback and receiver in training camp , but missed the regular season after suffering a knee injury .
In 1973 , Hammond was claimed by the St. Louis Cardinals just before the final preseason game . Cardinals head coach Don Coryell remembered seeing Hammond at a college all-star game where he was named player of the game while playing both quarterback and wide receiver . Hammond served the Cardinals as a running back , receiver , special teams performer , and even played some safety . His most memorable play came in 1974 when he took a lateral from Jim Hart and hurled an 81-yard pass to Jackie Smith to help the Cardinals to a 31-28 win over the Dallas Cowboys . It was the longest pass in the NFC that season and the longest catch of Smith 's career .
Injuries forced Hammond into retirement after the 1976 season .
Awards and Legacy
Hammond is a member of the SMU Hall of Fame and received the SMU Alumni Association Leadership Award in 1969 , 1970 , and 1971 . He was NFL Alumni Association President from 1986-87 and in 1992 received the NFL Alumni Legends Award . He is enshrined in the Museum of the Gulf Coast-Sports Hall of Fame .
References
1949 births
Living people
American football wide receivers
American football running backs
American football quarterbacks
American football return specialists
St. Louis Cardinals ( football ) players
SMU Mustangs football players
Players of American football from Texas
Antonio Hernández Gallegos ( June 4 , 1912 − October 22 , 1973 ) was a Mexican Roman Catholic bishop .
Ordained to the priesthood on April 11 , 1936 , Hernández Gallegos was named bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Tabasco , Mexico in 1967 and died in 1973 while still in office .
References
1912 births
1973 deaths
People from Querétaro
Roman Catholic bishops of Tabasco
20th-century Roman Catholic bishops in Mexico
X Shore is a Swedish electric boat manufacturer , that produces fully electric yacht tenders . The company was founded in 1996 by Swedish entrepreneur Konrad Bergström , and has its roots headquartered in Stockholm , Sweden . The first prototype was developed in 2016 in collaboration with Hans Bergström , Jeppe Cavallie , Glenn Karlsson from Seamaster and Norra Norr design house . As of June 2021 , X Shore offers one boat model , The Eelex 8000 . The Eelex 8000 is an 8 meter open-tender boat , and was launched in March 2018 at Stockholm 's Allt för Sjön fair , with the appearance being of Scandinavian design .
Appearances
Following its first appearance at the Stockholm Allt för Sjön fair , the Eelex 8000 was then displayed on the “ Power of Silence tour. ” The purpose of the tour was to showcase the specifications of the electric boat across Italy , Spain , France , The United States , and Sweden . The tour was scheduled for the duration of 5 months , and was organised around three different themes : music , art & the marine industry .
Venues
Opening Ceremony : Rock concert electric boat March 2018 , Rocking on an electric boat
Power of silence tour : Palma : May 2018 , X Shore and the electric revolution
Power of silence tour : Come aboard ! July 2018 Stockholm :
Power of silence tour : Costa Smeralda : August 2018 , A new sensation , a new feeling : X Shore reinventing the sea experience
Power of silence tour : One Ocean Venice Film Festival September 2018 , X Shore supporting and betting on the future or A unique combination of design , technology & sustainability
Power of silence tour : Lac du Garda : September 2018 - Konrad B. : the man who 's going to change the way we navigate
Power of silence tour : Cannes Yacht Show : September 2018 : X Shore on the red carpet : design , tech & sustainable
Power of silence tour : Monaco Yacht Show : September 2018 : X Shore a Swedish company not like any other
Power of silence tour : Saint-Tropez la voile : October 2018 : Navigating using the 5 senses
Vehicle models
The electric boat consists of hulls , axes , propellers and rudders , that takes in air from the sides creating a layer of air bubbles between it and the water . X Shore currently offer one configuration of their boat , the Eelex 8000 .
Eelex 8000
Overview
Manufacturer : X Shore
Dimensions
Length : 8 m
Weight : 2600 kg
Width : 2.5 m
Depth : 0.8 m
Powertrain
Top Speed : 35 knots
Cruising speed : 20 knots
Acceleration : 0-20 knots in 4.2 seconds
Specifications
Range : 100 NM
Loading capacity : 800 kg
Charging time : 6 hours on 32A
References
External links
Swedish boat builders
Swedish brands
Companies based in Stockholm
Sääre may refer to several places in Estonia :
Sääre , Hiiu County , village in Pühalepa Parish , Hiiu County
Sääre , Pärnu County , village in Kihnu Parish , Pärnu County
Sääre , Saare County , village in Torgu Parish , Saare County
See also
Saare ( disambiguation )
The Day of the Troll is an exclusive to audio Doctor Who is a story , produced as part of BBC Books ' New Series Adventures line , and the fifth entry in the series to be produced . Written by author Simon Messingham and read by series star David Tennant , it features the Tenth Doctor travelling alone . It was released on CD on 8 October 2009 .
Synopsis
Part One
Siblings Karl and Katy are in an old , scary forest – Karl winding his sister up . We learn that Katy is a former `` medical type '' , and that the two are involved in experiments – experiments that are being ruined by something .
Charlie and the Doctor drive a 4x4 towards the bridge . The Doctor asks for details on the Grange . Charlie explains that humans used a process dubbed Global Cooling , refreezing glaciers . The ground left behind was poisonous , and food became incredibly value , leading to violence . Karl Baring started work on growing new crops , but so far , has n't succeeded – running out of money , depending on charity .
Sanders contacts Petra to tell her the relay link 's down – they ca n't contact Madrid . Either they were shut off in Madrid , or the local relays have been sabotaged .
Suddenly , Campbell is grabbed by the troll . The Doctor manages to grab it , and recognises its face – it 's Karl Baring . They struggle , the Doctor is knocked down , and the troll attacks .
Part Two
Petra fights the troll off with a branch , releasing the Doctor . He tries to grab the creature with a parka , but underfoot , the ground forms tentacles which attempt to drag them under .
Petra helps the Doctor trap the troll with her own coat , and the limbs disintegrate .
Bryant 's lackey Stephenson sedates Katy , ready to be taken to the bridge . Two troopers bring Tim Hill into the room Sanders intends to walk to the coast , taking an emergency flare .
Petra stands up to Bryant , telling him not to take Katy . He orders Chavez to shoot her .
After a face-off , Petra stands down , and Bryant tells Chavez to put his gun away .
The Doctor realises that the Spheriosis is under the house – it 's enormous . Above , he hears the helicopter being boarded .
Nonetheless , the helicopter reaches the scorched riverbank . Explosives have damaged the soil , but the bridge is still intact .
They leave the helicopter , and spot a flare in the distance – Sanders , proving that the Spheriosis reaches far away .
In the cellar , the Doctor hears the Spheriosis under the ground again . He jumps for the stairs , and a trunk of roots breaks through the ground into the cellar . The Doctor calls for help , attracting the trunk 's attention . It shoots at the Doctor , just as the door is unlocked . The Doctor escapes , and the door is closed by Vanessa .
A creature breaks through the ground – the troll . Behind them , Bryant takes the car and drives away . Around them , more arms break through the ground – more trolls . The Doctor guesses the way to keep Karl fighting is to put Katy in maximum danger – to take her under the bridge .
Bryant speeds away , avoiding the creatures . He drives for the bank , but crashes , activating the airbag and stalling the engine . A troll attacks the car as Bryant tries to get it going again – and then a second troll , followed by a whole pack of them .
The Doctor hauls the troll under the bridge , and throws it at Katy . She recognises Karl as he sighs , and the entire creature disintegrates – including the tentacles outside .
The Doctor digs his way out of the ground , pulling Katy back after him . She tells her Karl managed to kill the creature .
Outside references
The Tenth Doctor encounters a creature acting very much like a troll under the bridge .
Critical reception
Doctor Who is a Magazine reviewer Vanessa Bishop criticised the resemblance to a `` classic Tom Baker story '' , but praised David Tennant 's reading of the story .
References
Audiobooks based on Doctor Who
Tenth Doctor audio plays
2009 audio plays
Works by Simon Messingham
Horace H . `` H.H . '' Witherstine ( April 2 , 1852 – October 2 , 1924 ) was an American physician and politician .
Born in Herkimer , New York , he attended Fairfield Academy , then moved to Rochester , Minnesota in 1872 where he was a school teacher . In 1884 , he received his medical degree from Rush Medical College and returned to Rochester to practice medicine . He was mayor of Rochester from 1892–1895 , 1896–1897 and 1902–1903 , served on the school board , and was editor of the Rochester Bulletin newspaper . From 1903–1910 , he served in the Minnesota State Senate as a Democrat . He died in an auto accident two miles north of Rochester while on a house call .
Notes
1852 births
1924 deaths
People from Herkimer , New York
Rush Medical College alumni
Editors of Minnesota newspapers
Educators from Minnesota
Physicians from Minnesota
Minnesota Democrats
Mayors of Rochester , Minnesota
School board members in Minnesota
Minnesota state senators
Road incident deaths in Minnesota
Educators from New York ( state )
Zofia Emilia Daszyńska-Golińska or Zofia Golińska , née Zofia Poznańska ( 6 August 1866 – 11 February 1934 ) was a Polish socialist politician , suffragist and professor . She was an early female senator in Poland .
Life
Daszyńska-Golińska was born in Warsaw in 1866 . Her father and her mother came from educated families . She became interested in social issues and science and after studying at the Warsaw government school she went to Zurich . In Switzerland she studied philosophy , history , politics , and economics .
She married the political activist Felix Daszyński in Switzerland , but the marriage ended when her husband died after two years of tuberculosis . Her brother-in-law , Ignacy Daszynski , took over his brother 's legacy and founded the Polish Socialist Party . He became Poland 's first Prime Minister . Her second husband was a botanist named Golinski , although she remained interested in the politics she shared with her first husband . In 1891 she achieved a doctorate in demographics concerning the eighteenth century population of Zurich .
She then studied unofficially on the outskirts of the University of Vienna , as women could not enroll and some ideas were difficult to discuss . The institution she helped was unofficially named the Flying University . The organisation enrolled students on courses and existed from 1885 to 1907 when it achieved official recognition and became the Society for Scientific Studies . Daszyńska-Golińska taught in Berlin as an assistant Professor from 1894 to 1896 , before moving to Krakow . She supported the Polish Socialist Party and wrote a number of books and published academic papers . In 1919 , she became a professor at the Free Polish University . She lectured on Economics and social issues , including labour protection .
Daszyńska-Golińska was said to be more moderate than Marxist , and followed the approach of Eduard Bernstein . From 1928 to 1932 she was a member of the Polish senate , representing the BBWR party . Around this time she was a member of a number of leading feminist organisations , including the Little Entente of Women .
Legacy
She died in 1934 in Warsaw . She was awarded the Officer 's Cross of Polonia Restituta . She had published more than eighty books , including Breakthrough in Socialism in 1900 , her two volume The Social Economy in 1906-7 , Through a cooperative system for the future in 1921 , Issues of population policy in 1927 , and Social Policy in 1933 .
References
1866 births
1934 deaths
Politicians from Warsaw
People from Warsaw Governorate
Nonpartisan Bloc for Cooperation with the Government politicians
Senators of the Second Polish Republic ( 1928–1930 )
Polish socialists
Polish feminists
Polish economists
Polish women economists
Women members of the Senate of Poland
Polish socialist feminists
University of Basel alumni
Recipients of the Order of Polonia Restituta
Polish expatriates in Switzerland
20th-century Polish women
Herd Leader ( ) is a Canadian short drama film , directed by Chloé Robichaud and released in 2012 . The film stars Ève Duranceau as Clara , a shy woman who must build confidence in herself when she inherits her late aunt 's dog and has to learn how to train it .
The film premiered at the 2012 Cannes Film Festival , in the competitive short film program , and had its Canadian premiere at the 2012 Toronto International Film Festival .
The film was named to TIFF 's annual year-end Canada 's Top Ten list for 2012 . In 2013 , it was a Canadian Screen Award nominee for Best Live Action Short Drama at the 1st Canadian Screen Awards and a Prix Jutra nominee for Best Short Film at the 15th Jutra Awards .
References
External links
2012 short films
2012 films
Films directed by Chloé Robichaud
French-language Canadian films
Canadian drama short films
2010s Canadian films
Phytomyza hellebori is a species of leaf miner fly in the family Agromyzidae . The larvae can be found in Europe feeding on hellebore ( Helleborus species ) .
References
Phytomyza
Brachyceran flies of Europe
Insects described in 1872
Leaf miners
Taxa named by Johann Heinrich Kaltenbach
Kosmos 497 ( meaning Cosmos 497 ) , also known as DS-P1-I No.12 was a satellite which was used as a radar target for anti-ballistic missile tests . It was launched by the Soviet Union in 1972 as part of the Dnepropetrovsk Sputnik programme .
It was launched aboard a Kosmos-2I 63SM rocket , from Site 133/1 at Plesetsk . The launch occurred at 09:19:49 UTC on 30 June 1972 .
Kosmos 497 was placed into a low Earth orbit with a perigee of , an apogee of , 70.9 degrees of inclination , and an orbital period of 95.2 minutes . It decayed from orbit on 7 November 1973 .
Kosmos 497 was the twelfth of nineteen DS-P1-I satellites to be launched . Of these , all reached orbit successfully except the seventh .
See also
1972 in spaceflight
References
1972 in spaceflight
Kosmos 0497
1972 in the Soviet Union
Spacecraft launched in 1972
Dnepropetrovsk Sputnik program
The Modern Muse Charity is an online platform designed to encourage the next generation of female business leaders and entrepreneurs .
The platform , www.modernmuse.org , is aimed at girls aged eight and above ; it features the professional pathways of women from all walks of life , working across business and society , with a focus on encouraging girls into science , technology , engineering , and mathematics careers .
Modern Muse seek to improve social mobility through engagement with education and by providing insight to the variety of career options , work experience , job placements , internships and apprenticeships available .
The Modern Muses
The Modern Muse platform provides young women to female role models .
Founders
Karen Gill and Maxine Benson co-founded and own Everywoman , as well as Modern Muse . Both Gill and Benson were awarded an MBE in 2009 in recognition of her service to women 's enterprise .
References
External links
https : //www.modernmuse.org/ # /
Social enterprises
Educational organizations
Technology organizations
White Station may refer to :
White Station , Mississippi , an unincorporated community located in Clay County
White Station , Memphis , Tennessee , an unincorporated area in Shelby County
White Station High School , in Memphis , Tennessee
White Station Middle School , in Memphis , Tennessee
White Station Tower , a high-rise office building in Memphis , Tennessee
Susan Brice is a Canadian politician , who represented the electoral district of Saanich South in the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia from 2001 to 2005 . She sat as a member of the BC Liberal Party . Currently , she is a member of Saanich municipal Council , first elected in 2005 .
An elementary school teacher , Susan Brice served as an elected trustee to the Victoria School Board from 1975 to 1980 , including as chair of the board from 1978 to 1979 . She was elected councillor to the Municipality of Oak Bay in 1980 and as Mayor in 1985 . She served as a director on the Capital Regional District board from 1985 to 1990 , and chaired the board from 1988 to 1989 .
Ms. Brice also served on the board of the Better Business Bureau .
Electoral record
References
External links
Profile at the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia
British Columbia Liberal Party MLAs
Women MLAs in British Columbia
Living people
21st-century Canadian politicians
21st-century Canadian women politicians
Women government ministers of Canada
Members of the Executive Council of British Columbia
Year of birth missing ( living people )
The Civilian Response Corps ( sometimes referred to as CRC ) is a program of the United States Department of State , Office of the Coordinator for Reconstruction and Stabilization ( S/CRS ) . The Civilian Response Corps is currently a group of federal employees and volunteers from the private sector , state and local governments who are trained to deploy rapidly in countries that are in crisis or emerging from conflict in order to provide reconstruction and stabilization assistance . They are diplomats , development specialists , public health officials , law enforcement , corrections officers , engineers , economists , lawyers , public administrators , agronomists and others – offering the full range of skills needed to help fragile states in order to restore the stability and rule of law to achieve economic recovery and sustainable growth .
The assistance is partly humanitarian , and partly to prevent failed states from becoming `` havens '' for terrorist groups or otherwise the possibility of a threat to the security of the United States . Originally proposed by Senators Richard Lugar ( R-Ind . ) and Joseph Biden ( D-Del . ) , the Civilian Response Corps is responsible for the U.S. government efforts to stabilize war-torn societies and rebuild nations .
America 's federal civilian workforce has a long and distinguished history of service in difficult environments abroad . Yet the challenges of the 21st century require a significant increase in the capacity to respond quickly and effectively to emerging threats to the security of the United States and to its friends and allies . The President has empowered the Secretary of State to coordinate and lead integrated U.S. government efforts to prepare , plan for , and conduct stabilization and reconstruction activities , and to coordinate with the Secretary of Defense to harmonize civilian and military activities .
Funding and size
Civilian Stabilization Initiative
The need for the Civilian Stabilization Initiative ( CSI ) has been consistently illustrated over the past two decades in a range of reconstruction and stabilization crises , including Afghanistan , Iraq , Haiti , Sudan , Kosovo , and Somalia . It builds on four years of interagency development , exercises , and pilot efforts to create a robust civilian response capability , and underpins it with new and innovative approaches to integrated civilian-military planning and operations management . CSI also answers Congress ' call for the U.S. government to build its civilian capacity .
2010
President Barack Obama 's Fiscal Year 2010 budget , released on May 7 , 2009 requested $ 323.3 million for the CSI to build U.S. civilian capacity for reconstruction and stabilization efforts .
The initiative would expand the current Civilian Response Corps and established a permanent U.S. government-wide civilian reconstruction and stabilization response capacity . The President 's budget request supports the recruitment , development , training , and equipping of the Civilian Response Corps .
2009
President George W. Bush requested $ 248.6 million in Fiscal Year 2009 budget for the CSI , which includes the Civilian Response Corps . The intent of CSI was to :
Create 250 full-time positions for members of the Civilian Response Corps Active across the eight participating U.S. departments and agencies . These “ first responders ” are experts who can deploy to a crisis with as little as 48 hours ' notice .
Train 2,000 members of the Civilian Response Corps Standby in the same eight departments and agencies . These are current federal employees who volunteer to undertake additional training and to be available to serve in stabilization missions in case of need . Standby members are deployable within 30 days for up to 180 days .
Recruit and train 2,000 members of the Civilian Response Corps Reserve : volunteers from the private sector and state and local governments who will bring additional skills and capabilities that do not exist in sufficient quantities in the federal government , such as police officers , city administrators , and health officials .
2008
In the Supplemental Appropriations Act of 2008 United States Congress provided up to $ 75 million in initial funding for the active and standby components of the Civilian Response Corps .
1207 funding
Section 1207 of the FY 2006 National Defense Authorization Act authorized the United States Secretary of Defense to transfer up to $ 100 million per year for two years to the Department of State for programs that support security , reconstruction or stabilization . In passing section 1207 , United States Congress recognized the pressing need previously expressed by the Bush administration for a civilian response capability for stabilization and reconstruction activities in countries that are prone to conflict . After funding $ 110 million in projects in FY06 and FY07 , it was apparent that 1207 was a promising way to respond to stabilization and reconstruction needs . As a result , section 1207 was renewed for an additional $ 100 million in 2008 .
FY 06 and FY 07 1207 projects
Lebanon : $ 10 million to support training for Lebanese Internal Security Forces and to assist Lebanese Armed Forces with recovering unexploded ordnance .
Colombia : $ 4 million focused on capacity building , community organization , and supporting improved public outreach .
Haiti : $ 20 million focused on volatile communities to create jobs , build infrastructure , and strengthen governance .
Nepal : $ 10 million to improve public safety , promote rule of law , and promote quick development activities .
Somalia Reconciliation and Stabilization Program Ethiopia , Kenya : $ 25 million to support security sector reform , promote capacity building , and mitigate conflict and instability .
Trans-Saharan Counterterrorism Initiative Mali , Mauritania , Niger : $ 15 million to support teacher training , job skills training , and training local leaders .
Tri-Border Initiative Indonesia , Malaysia , Philippines : $ 16.9 million to enhance infrastructure , economic development , and law enforcement activities .
Yemen : $ 8.8 million to improve social services among youth , increase youth workforce opportunities and youth involvement .
Civil-military
The 2009 Capstone Concept for Joint Operations ( CCJO ) reinforces the role of the military in reconstruction and stabilization by listing ‘ relief and reconstruction ' as one of the four basic military activities . The Defense Department has identified the importance of integrated civilian and military environments as essential to stability operations and other government and non government agencies and organizations have identified the preference of civilians over military actors . Currently to coordinate reconstruction efforts between the military and civilian elements , the President signed into law National Security Presidential Directive 44 on December 7 , 2005 .
In National Security Presidential Directive – 44 ( NSPD-44 ) , the president stated the need to create a cohesive and permanent mechanism for the US government to address stabilization and reconstruction issues abroad . The Civilian Response Corps was created as a civilian interagency mechanism that would interface with the military to bring peace and stability to war torn countries . In this capacity the Secretaries of State and Defense integrate stabilization and reconstruction responsibilities to maintain clear accountability and to lead and support operations .
Composition
No one U.S. agency has the full range of skills needed to undertake effective reconstruction and stabilization operations . That is why the Civilian Response Corps is an interagency body that will promote “ whole of government ” planning and implementation of such missions with members in the Departments of State , Agriculture , Commerce , Health and Human Services , Homeland Security , Justice , and Treasury , as well as the U.S. Agency for International Development .
Participants will be diplomats , development specialists , public health officials , law enforcement and corrections officers , engineers , economists , trade specialists , demographers , lawyers , public administrators , agronomists and others – offering the full range of skills needed to help fragile states restore stability and the rule of law , and achieve economic recovery and sustainable growth as quickly as possible .
Pilot program
The U.S. Department of State 's Office of the Coordinator for Reconstruction and Stabilization ( S/CRS ) coordinates the Civilian Response Corps and has developed pilot groups of Active and Standby members who have deployed to Sudan , Chad , Haiti , Lebanon , Kosovo , Iraq , and Afghanistan to assist with conflict prevention and mitigation .
The State Department coordinates with the Secretary of Defense to harmonize civilian and military activities .
References
External links
Civilian Response Corps
New State Department team to the rescue in disaster areas , war zones by Howard Lafranchi ( Christian Science Monitor )
U.S . Civilians Recruited To Help Troubled Nations by Jessica Wanke ( NPR )
Securing the Peace by Trevor Keck and Ann Vaughan ( Foreign Policy in Focus )
United States Department of State
FK Kubanochka Krasnodar was a Russian women 's football team , competed in the Russian Women 's Football Championship .
History
Founded in 1988 as Zhemchuzhina Krasnodar , it took its current shortly after the dissolution of the Soviet Union . Kubanochka chained two consecutive promotions to reach the top division in 1996 . In its first season the team ranked 6th . In 2000 Kubanochka was 4th , their best result to date , but the team was disbanded following the end of the season .
The club was reestablished in 2007 . The new Kubanochka was 5th in the Second Level in its first season . In 2009 the team was promoted after succeeding in its second try in the promotion play-offs . In its return to the national top division Kubanochka was last with 5 points , but kept its spot as the category was expanded to eight teams .
In 2014 they lost the Russian Cup final to VDV Ryazan .
On 2020 the club has been dissolved .
References
Women 's football clubs in Russia
Football clubs in Krasnodar
Association football clubs established in 1988
1988 establishments in Russia
2020 disestablishments in Russia
Association football clubs disestablished in 2020
Defunct football clubs in Russia
Basil Hameed ( born 15 April 1992 ) is an Emirati cricketer . In December 2019 , he was named in the One Day International ( ODI ) squad for the 2019 United Arab Emirates Tri-Nation Series . He made his ODI debut for the UAE , against the United States on 8 December 2019 .
In February 2020 , he was named in the UAE 's Twenty20 International ( T20I ) squad for the 2020 ACC Western Region T20 qualifier tournament . He made his T20I debut for the UAE , against Iran , on 23 February 2020 . In December 2020 , he was one of ten cricketers to be awarded with a year-long part-time contract by the Emirates Cricket Board .
In February 2022 , in the second match against Oman , Hameed took his first five-wicket haul in ODI cricket .
Personal life
Hameed was born in Panniyankara , Kerala , India . He was `` on the verge of playing Ranji Trophy cricket for his native Kerala '' before moving to the UAE for work reasons in 2015. he was an assistant sales manager with Al Nabooda Insurance Brokers ( ANIB ) and also played cricket for the company team in the UAE domestic competitions .
References
External links
1992 births
Living people
Emirati cricketers
United Arab Emirates One Day International cricketers
United Arab Emirates Twenty20 International cricketers
Indian expatriates in the United Arab Emirates
People from Kozhikode district
SV Horn is an Austrian association football club playing in the city of Horn .
The club plays in the Austrian Second League . The team was champion of the Landesliga Niederösterreich in 1991 , 1998 and 2007 . In 2008 , SV Horn won the Austrian Cup by beating SV Feldkirchen in the final . The club lost the unofficial Austrian Supercup match 2008 against SK Rapid Wien 1–7 .
On 8 June 2015 , Keisuke Honda 's management company , `` Honda ESTILO '' owned by his two brothers Hiroyuki and Youji , bought 49 % of the shares in the club .
Honours
Austrian Cup
Winners : 2007–08
Current squad
Out on loan
Managerial history
From 1990 onwards
Anton Dragúň ( 1990–1994 )
Karl Daxbacher ( 1994–1995 )
Peter Leitl ( 1995 )
Andreas Singer ( 1995–1999 )
Willhelm Schuldes ( 1999–2003 )
Reinhard Schendlinger ( 2003–2004 )
Bohumil Smrček ( 2004 )
Attila Sekerlioglu ( 2005 )
Rupert Marko ( 2005–2010 )
Michael Streiter ( 2010–2013 )
Willhelm Schuldes ( 2013–2014 )
Christoph Westerthaler ( 2014–2015 )
Hans Kleer ( 2015–2016 )
Christoph Westerthaler ( 2016 )
Hamayoshi Masanori ( 2016–2017 )
Carsten Jancker ( 2017–2018 )
Hamayoshi Masanori ( 2017–2019 )
Hans Kleer ( 2019–2020 )
Aleksandr Borodyuk ( 2020– )
References
External links
Football clubs in Austria
Association football clubs established in 1922
1922 establishments in Austria
Horn District
Vankhama ( 1906-1970 ) was a traditional writer , composer and poet from Mizoram , India . He is known in Mizo literature for a unique lyrical style . He composed over 50 song . Among his famous works are Tlaizawng Par , Nunrawng Hmelṭha , Rimawi Ram and Mizo Vaihlo . He received much of his musical training from the British Christian missionaries in Mizoram .
Personal
He was born in Diarkhai village . His father was the first Mizo pastor Vanchhunga . He studied in various places including Shillong , Silchar and Calcutta ( now Kolkata ) . He is also father of two well known mizo singers Vanhlupuii and Vanlalruati .
Songs
Vankhama was the first Mizo Musician who brought the violin and Hawaiian Guitar from Kolkata in 1926 , soon local craftsman started making guitars locally .
Some of his more famous works are :
Khawngai Hnuchham
Rimawi Ram
Mizo Vaihlo
Nunrawng Hmelṭha
References
Scholars from Mizoram
Mizo people
Indian male writers
Writers from Mizoram
1906 births
1970 deaths
Mohammed Amal El-Hajji , BEM , known as Kamal El-Hajji , is a British Security Official and civil servant . From February 2016 to 2019 he was the Serjeant-at-Arms of the House of Commons , replacing Lawrence Ward . He had formerly been the Head of Front of House and VIP Relations at the Ministry of Justice headquarters , based at 102 Petty France .
Career
Since 2004 , El-Hajji held a number of security and operational roles in the Department for Constitutional Affairs , and later the Ministry of Justice . From 2010 to 2015 , he worked as the Head of Front of House and VIP Relations at the Ministry of Justice headquarters at 102 Petty France in London .
In 2015 , El-Hajji was chosen by a panel of MPs headed by the Speaker of the House of Commons , John Bercow , to replace Lawrence Ward , who had retired in September 2015 , as the next Serjeant-at-Arms of the House of Commons .
Honours
In the 2015 New Year Honours , El-Hajji was awarded the British Empire Medal ( BEM ) `` for services to the Ministry of Justice ''
References
Serjeants-at-Arms of the British House of Commons
Living people
Moroccan emigrants to the United Kingdom
Recipients of the British Empire Medal
Naturalised citizens of the United Kingdom
Year of birth missing ( living people )
One Way Passage is a 1932 American pre-Code romantic film starring William Powell and Kay Francis as star-crossed lovers , directed by Tay Garnett and released by Warner Bros . The screenplay by Robert Lord won the Academy Award for Best Story .
Plot
Dan Hardesty is an escaped murderer , sentenced to hang and on the run . In a Hong Kong bar , he literally bumps into Joan Ames , a terminally ill woman whose friends are wishing her bon voyage . It is love at first sight . In what will become a signature gesture for the couple , they share a Paradise Cocktail , then Dan breaks the bowl of his glass , followed by Joan ; they leave the stems crossed on the bar .
San Francisco Police Sergeant Steve Burke captures Dan at gunpoint when he leaves the bar ( though out of sight of Joan ) and escorts him aboard an ocean liner bound for San Francisco . Dan jumps into the water , dragging Steve with him . He takes the key from Steve 's pocket and frees himself . Then he spots Joan among the passengers looking over the rail at them . He rescues floundering non-swimmer Steve rather than escape . Once the ship is underway , he persuades Steve to remove the handcuffs .
Dan and Joan fall in love on the month-long cruise , neither knowing that the other is under the shadow of death .
By chance , two of Dan 's friends are also aboard , pickpocket Skippy and con artist `` Barrel House Betty '' , masquerading as `` Countess Barilhaus '' . The countess distracts Steve as much as she can to help Dan . Just before the only stop , at Honolulu , Steve has Dan put in the brig , but Dan gets out with their help and goes ashore to arrange escape on a steamer leaving that night . Joan intercepts him as he leaves the ship , and they spend an idyllic day together . When they drive back to the dock that evening , Dan starts to tell her why he can not return to the ship , only to see her faint . Dan carries her aboard for medical help and stays by her side , forfeiting his chance at escape . Later , Joan 's doctor tells Dan about her condition and that the slightest excitement or shock could be fatal . Dan tells the doctor the truth about himself .
Meanwhile , a romance blooms between Steve and the countess . When they near the end of the voyage , he awkwardly proposes to her . He wants to give up being a cop and live on a chicken ranch he owns . ( Earlier in the film , Betty told Skippy that she dreamed of giving it all up and buying herself a chicken ranch . ) She starts to tell him her true identity , but her confession is interrupted when a steward delivers a telegram to Steve . It is from his boss , telling him to find notorious con-woman Barrelhouse Betty and bring her in . He says nothing , as he still wants to marry her . They kiss , and Steve throws the telegram overboard .
Steve and Dan get ready to disembark , an overcoat draped over the handcuffs that link them . On an impulse , Joan goes to their cabin , where a steward who overheard the grim truth tells her about it . She frantically searches for Dan , and finds him with Steve . The two lovers part for the last time without letting on that they know each other 's secret , and Joan collapses after Dan is out of sight .
They had agreed to meet again a month later , on New Year 's Eve , at a bar in Agua Caliente , Mexico . At the appointed time and place , the dance floor is full , but the long bar is empty except for Skippy , standing solemnly at one end , and two bartenders at the other . The bartenders are startled by the sound of glass breaking . They turn to find the crossed stems and shattered pieces of two cocktail glasses lying on the bar . They glisten there for a moment and then vanish .
Cast
William Powell as Dan [ Hardesty ]
Kay Francis as Joan [ Ames ]
Aline MacMahon as Betty , aka `` Barrel House '' Betty and `` Countess Barilhaus '' and Betty Crowley
Frank McHugh as Skippy
Warren Hymer as Steve [ Burke ]
Roscoe Karns as Cruise Ship Bartender
Frederick Burton as The Doctor
Mike Donlin as Hong Kong bartender
Production
As the ship draws near San Francisco , Dan and Joan talk about the Golden Gates , remembering the words of a hymn . Dan says that when he was a little boy growing up in San Francisco , he thought the gates in the hymn were the Golden Gate of San Francisco . He is referring to the Golden Gate Strait at the mouth of San Francisco bay , not the Golden Gate Bridge . Construction on the bridge would begin in January 1933 .
The film 's working title was S.S. Atlantic .
This was the sixth time that Powell and Francis played together , and it was their biggest moneymaker .
Francis ' gowns were created by Orry-Kelly , who had just joined Warner Bros. in 1932 . He went on to win three Academy Awards for costume design .
James Kendis and Lou Klein are credited as composers . The pervasive love theme was reportedly written by W. Franke Harling , uncredited . Aloha O ' e by Hawai ' i 's Queen Lili'uokalani , also figures prominently in the soundtrack .
Wilson Mizner and Joseph Jackson are credited as screenwriters . Critic Ken Hanke gave credit to Garnett 's role in honing the final screenplay : “ The comedy content — involving unscrupulous but lovable con artists — has all the earmarks of being the work of noted cynic and part-time con artist Mizner . ”
Reception
Mordaunt Hall wrote in The New York Times , `` In its uncouth , brusque and implausible fashion , 'One Way Passage ' ... offers quite a satisfactory entertainment . ... Tay Garnett 's direction is clever . He keeps the story on the move with its levity and dashes of far-fetched romance . ''
Leonard Maltin gives the film 3 1/2 out of 4 stars , high praise for a “ tender shipboard romance of fugitive Powell and fatally ill Francis , splendidly acted , with good support by MacMahon and McHugh “ .
Writing in 2013 for the Ashville , N.C. , Mountain Express , Ken Hanke described the film as : “ The classic doomed lovers/shipboard romance movie ... a perfect blend of romantic tragedy and hard-boiled comedy ... The two elements perfectly complement each other in a way you find in very few films ... A strange and strangely magical film from the very uneven filmmaker Tay Garnett , One Way Passage is a movie that once seen is unlikely to be forgotten ... the film 's brilliant balance of cynical comedy ( provided by Frank McHugh and the wonderful Aline MacMahon ) and tragic — ultimately mystical — romance . ”
In his autobiography Looking for a Street , Charles Willeford describes seeing the movie as a thirteen-year-old : `` One Way Passage '' is still my all-time favorite movie , but I have never risked seeing it again . I cried so hard when the movie ended the usher took me out of the lobby and gave me a glass of water .
Box office
According to Warners records , the film earned $ 791,000 in the US and Canada and $ 317,000 elsewhere . This success led the studio to remake the film in 1940 .
Accolades
Robert Lord won an Oscar for his original story .
The film is recognized by American Film Institute in these lists :
2002 : AFI 's 100 Years ... 100 Passions – Nominated
Remake
One Way Passage was remade in 1940 as 'Til We Meet Again , featuring Merle Oberon , George Brent , Pat O'Brien , Binnie Barnes and Geraldine Fitzgerald . Although some scenes strongly echo the original , It is not a word for word , shot for shot remake , and there are new characters . Frank McHugh reprises his role as Dan 's pickpocket friend ; his state of perpetual inebriation is a pose in the later film .
Radio adaptations
`` One Way Passage was presented on Warner Brothers Academy Theater April 3 , 1938 . Ronald Reagan and Gloria Dickson starred in the 30-minute adaptation .
`` One Way Passage ” was presented on Lux Radio Theatre March 6 , 1939 . Original stars William Powell and Kay Francis reprised their roles , although Kay Francis filled in for Norma Shearer who bowed out due to illness . The production was 60 minutes in three acts .
One Way Passage was presented on Philip Morris Playhouse September 12 , 1941 .
One Way Passage was presented on The Screen Guild Theater April 5 , 1948 starring Barbara Stanwyck , Robert Taylor , and Ward Bond .
One Way Passage was presented on Hollywood Sound Stage '' February 14 , 1952 . The 30-minute adaptation starred Ruth Roman and Frank Lovejoy .
References
External links
William Powell : The Life And Films
1932 films
1932 romantic drama films
American romantic drama films
American black-and-white films
1930s English-language films
Films about capital punishment
Films directed by Tay Garnett
Films set on ships
Films that won the Academy Award for Best Story
Films set around New Year
Films produced by Robert Lord ( screenwriter )
Films produced by Hal B. Wallis
Warner Bros. films
1930s American films
Houle Island is a low rocky island west of Ressac Island and about north-northeast of Zelee Glacier Tongue , Antarctica . It was photographed from the air by U.S. Navy Operation Highjump , 1946–47 , was charted by the French Antarctic Expedition , 1949–51 , and so named by them because the surf breaks over this low-lying island . `` Houle '' is a French word for surge or swell .
See also
List of Antarctic and sub-Antarctic islands
References
Islands of Adélie Land
Carrollton School of the Sacred Heart is a Catholic college preparatory day school for girls , founded in 1961 in Coconut Grove , Miami , Florida .
Description
Carrollton School of the Sacred Heart was founded in 1961 . Its oldest building , El Jardin , built in 1918 , was donated to the Society of the Sacred Heart by the O'Neil family . The school now resides across two campuses in Coconut Grove , Florida , and still uses El Jardin for classes , along with many other buildings . Carrollton has a student population of around 862 .
A member of the Network of Sacred Heart Schools , Carrollton is divided into five independent learning communities or schools : Montessori , Primary , Intermediate , Junior High and High School .
Carrollton has a nationally recognized debate and robotics team . In 2007 , the school hosted a national robotics competition . Its athletic mascot is the Carrollton Cyclone .
History
In 2019 , the school had plans to build an elementary school for boys on the property of Villa Woodbine , which prompted complaints from area residents .
Alumnae
Sofia Carson , actress
Lauren Jauregui , member of Fifth Harmony
Ana Navarro , political strategist and television commentator
Génesis Rodríguez , actress
Notes and references
External links
Carrollton 's website
Network of Sacred Heart Schools
Girls ' schools in Florida
International Baccalaureate schools in Florida
Educational institutions established in 1961
Catholic elementary schools in Florida
Catholic secondary schools in Florida
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Miami
Education in Miami
Private K-12 schools in Miami-Dade County , Florida
Sacred Heart schools in the United States
Coconut Grove ( Miami )
1961 establishments in Florida
A dipole glass is an analog of a glass where the dipoles are frozen below a given freezing temperature Tf introducing randomness thus resulting in a lack of long-range ferroelectric order . A dipole glass is very similar to the concept of a spin glass where the atomic spins do n't all align in the same direction ( like in a ferromagnetic material ) and thus result in a net-zero magnetization . The randomness of dipoles in a dipole glass creates local fields resulting in short-range order but no long-range order .
The dipole glass like state was first observed in Alkali halide crystal-type dielectrics containing dipole impurities . The dipole impurities in these materials result in off-center ions which results in anomalies in certain properties like specific heat , thermal conductivity as well as some spectroscopic properties . Other materials which show a dipolar glass phase include Rb ( 1-x ) ( NH4 ) xH2PO4 ( RADP ) and Rb ( 1-x ) ( ND4 ) xD2PO4 ( DRADP ) . In materials like DRADP the dipole moment is introduced due to the deuteron O-D -- O bond . Dipole glass like behavior is also observed in materials like ceramics , 3D water framework and perovskites .
Random-bond-random-field Ising model ( RBRF )
The model describing the pseudo-spins ( dipole moments ) is given by the Hamiltonian as :
,
where is the Ising dipole moments . The refers to the random bond interactions which are described by a gaussian probability distribution with mean and variance . The second term provides a description of the interactions of the pseudo-spins in presence of random local fields where are represented by an independent gaussian distribution with zero mean and variance . The final term denotes the interaction in presence of an external electric field .
The replica method is used to obtain the glass order parameter :
.
where is the gaussian measure and under the assumption that the free energy is given by :
.
where and with .
The term is zero in case of magnetic spin glasses and with no presence of an external electric field this model reduces to the Edwards–Anderson model which is used to describe spin glasses . This model has been used to give quantitative description of DRADP type systems .
References
Wikipedia Student Program
Electromagnetism
Electromagnetic compatibility
Types of magnets
Daniel , Dan or Danny Kelly may refer to :
Academics
Daniel Kelly ( sociologist ) ( born 1959 ) , British sociologist and nursing professor
Daniel Kelly ( philosopher ) ( born 1975 ) , American philosopher
Daniel P. Kelly , American physician and Professor of Diabetes and Metabolic Diseases at the University of Pennsylvania
Entertainment
Dan Kelly ( musician ) ( born 1974 ) , Australian musician
Dan Kelly ( recording artist ) ( 1842– ? ) , American pioneer recording artist
Daniel Hugh Kelly ( born 1952 ) , American stage , film , and television actor
Daniel Kelly ( artist ) ( born 1947 ) , American artist based in Japan
Daniel Kelly ( actor ) ( born 1992 ) , Canadian actor and rapper
Danny Kelly ( BBC WM presenter ) ( born 1970 ) , British radio presenter
Danny Kelly ( journalist ) ( born 1956 ) , British music journalist
Sports
Dan Kelly ( fighter ) ( born 1977 ) , Australian Olympic judoka and mixed martial artist
Dan Kelly ( footballer ) ( 1904–1941 ) , Scottish footballer
Dan Kelly ( ice hockey ) ( born 1989 ) , American ice hockey defenceman
Dan Kelly ( sportscaster ) ( 1936–1989 ) , broadcaster best known for National Hockey League coverage
Dan Kelly ( rugby union ) ( born 2001 ) , English-Irish rugby union player
Dan P. Kelly ( born 1973 ) , National Hockey League broadcaster and son of sportscaster Dan Kelly
Daniel Kelly ( athlete ) ( 1883–1920 ) , American long jumper
Daniel Kelly ( Scottish footballer ) ( 1893–1948 ) , Scottish footballer
Daniel Kelly ( handballer ) in Australia men 's national handball team
Danny Kelly ( boxer ) , see Colombia at the 2011 Pan American Games
Danny Kelly ( footballer , born 1990 ) , English footballer
Danny Kelly ( soccer ) ( born 1969 ) , American soccer player and coach
Others
Dan Kelly ( bushranger ) ( 1861–1880 ) , Australian bushranger and outlaw
Dan Kelly ( poker player ) ( born 1989 ) , poker player
Daniel Kelly ( Medal of Honor ) ( 1841–1912 ) , American Civil War soldier
Daniel Kelly ( Wisconsin judge ) ( born 1964 ) , Wisconsin Supreme Court Justice
Daniel M. Kelly ( 1915–1982 ) , member of the New York State Assembly
Places
Dan Kelly , Trinidad , a street in Laventille , Trinidad and Tobago
See also
Daniel Kelley ( disambiguation )
The Príncipe speirops ( Zosterops leucophaeus ) is a species of bird in the family Zosteropidae . It is endemic to the island of Príncipe in São Tomé and Príncipe . Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and plantations . It is threatened by habitat loss .
References
Birds described in 1857
Endemic fauna of Príncipe
Endemic birds of São Tomé and Príncipe
Zosterops
Taxa named by Gustav Hartlaub
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Juan Padilla Alfonso ( born September 16 , 1965 in Havana ) was a member of the Gold Medal-winning Cuban team at the Olympics in 1992 and 1996 .
Cuban leagues
He drove in 63 runs for the Industriales in the 1987–1988 Serie Nacional to lead the league . In 1995–1996 , he homered in the last game of the finals to give the Industriales the pennant . Overall , Padilla hit .307/.363/.447 in 17 seasons in Cuba and fielded .978 . Through 2009 , he ranked 10th all-time in assists ( 4,621 ) and 7th in double plays ( 1,224 ) . He was 12th in sacrifice flies ( 70 ) and 7th with 68 triples , right between brothers Wilfredo Sanchez and Fernando Sanchez .
For the 1990s , he hit .322 , tied for 10th with Luis Ulacia in that span .
An eye injury ( unrelated to baseball ) ended Padilla 's career after the 2000 season . He later managed the Metropolitanos for several years .
International career
Juan played for the Cuban national team in over a dozen events . He played in the 1986 Amateur World Series ( 2 for 3 ) and 1986 Central American and Caribbean Games ( 1 for 2 ) . In the 1988 Baseball World Cup , the 22-year-old was 1 for 6 and made one error in six chances as a backup to Antonio Pacheco at 2B and Luis Ulacia at SS . With the gold medal game tied at three in the bottom of the 9th , he pinch-ran for Orestes Kindelan and came home on a single by Lazaro Vargas off Andy Benes to give Cuba a 4-3 come-from-behind win over Team USA .
Padilla played in the 1989 Intercontinental Cup , going 0 for 2 for the champs . In the 1990 Baseball World Cup , Padilla was two for four with a double as the backup to Pacheco at second , Cuba taking Gold . In the 1991 Intercontinental Cup , Juan was Cuba 's starters and hit .275/.333/.450 with 9 RBI in 11 games , tying Lazaro Junco for second on Cuba behind Luis Casanova . He tied for 4th in the event with two homers . He was named the tournament All-Star second baseman , beating out Japan 's Koichi Oshima , who had better stats . He was 0 for 3 in the gold medal game and made an error but Cuba squeaked past Taiwan , 2-1 .
In the 1992 Olympics , Padilla got into just one game as Pacheco 's backup , going 3 for 5 with 3 RBI against Spain . The Havana native was 0 for 1 in the 1993 Intercontinental Cup as a defensive sub for Pacheco ; in four games , he handled two chances without an error . He did not play in the gold medal game win versus the USA . He went 0 for 1 in the 1993 Central American and Caribbean Games .
Padilla was 0 for 1 in the 1994 Baseball World Cup , backing up Omar Linares at third base . In the 1995 Intercontinental Cup , he went 2 for 12 while backing up Pacheco . He was 1 for 4 in the 1995 Pan American Games . He played six innings in five games as a defensive sub for Pacheco in the 1996 Olympics and singled in his lone at-bat , scoring a run . He was with Cuba for game two of the 1999 Baltimore Orioles – Cuban national baseball team exhibition series .
Padilla managed Cuba in the 2004 Haarlem Baseball Week and the Ecuador national baseball team in the 2006 COPABE Olympic Qualifiers .
References
1965 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Havana
Olympic baseball players of Cuba
Olympic gold medalists for Cuba
Olympic medalists in baseball
Medalists at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Baseball players at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Baseball players at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Pan American Games gold medalists for Cuba
Baseball players at the 1995 Pan American Games
Baseball players at the 1999 Pan American Games
Pan American Games medalists in baseball
Medalists at the 1995 Pan American Games
Medalists at the 1999 Pan American Games
The 2012 Orkney Council election took place on 3 May 2012 to elect members of Orkney Council . The election used the six wards created as a result of the Local Governance ( Scotland ) Act 2004 , with each ward electing three or four Councillors using the single transferable vote system form of proportional representation , with 21 Councillors being elected .
As in 2007 Independents took all of the 21 seats on the Council . The Scottish National Party contested 4 wards in Orkney for the first time in 2012 but only secured 3 % of the vote . The Council is again administered solely by Independents .
Election result
Note : `` Votes '' are the first preference votes . The net gain/loss and percentage changes relate to the result of the previous Scottish local elections on 3 May 2007 . This may differ from other published sources showing gain/loss relative to seats held at dissolution of Scotland 's councils .
Ward results
Kirkwall East
2007 : 4xIndependent
2012 : 4xIndependent
2007-2012 Change : No change
Kirkwall West & Orphir
2007 : 4xIndependent
2012 : 4xIndependent
2007-2012 Change : No change
Stromness and South Isles
2007 : 3xIndependent
2012 : 3xIndependent
2007-2012 Change : No change
West Mainland
2007 : 4xIndependent
2012 : 4xIndependent
2007-2012 Change : No change
East Mainland , South Ronaldsay and Burray
2007 : 3xIndependent
2012 : 3xIndependent
2007-2012 Change : No change
North Isles
2007 : 3xIndependent
2012 : 3xIndependent
2007-2012 Change : No Change
Post-Election Changes
† Kirkwall West and Orphir Independent Cllr Jack Moodie resigned his seat for personal reasons on 9 September 2014 . A by-election was held on 27 November 2014 and was won by the Independent Leslie Manson .
†† West Mainland Independent Cllr Alistair Gordon died on 19 May 2015 . A by-election was held on 18 August 2015 to fill the vacancy and it was won by the Independent Rachael King .
By-elections
References
https : //web.archive.org/web/20120608070718/http : //www.orkney.gov.uk/Council/C/results-by-ward.htm
2012 Scottish local elections
2012
21st century in Orkney
Homeward Point ( ) is a point forming the west side of the entrance to Security Bay , on Doumer Island in the Palmer Archipelago , Antarctica . It was first charted by the French Antarctic Expedition , 1903–05 , under Jean-Baptiste Charcot , and so named by the British Naval Hydrographic Survey Unit in 1956–57 because the point was sighted as a prominent landmark almost daily by the crew of their motor-launch when homeward bond for Port Lockroy at the end of a day 's survey work in the Bismarck Strait .
References
Headlands of the Palmer Archipelago
Doumer Island
Late Night Double Feature is a Canadian horror anthology film which premiered at the 2014 New York City Horror Film Festival . The film was picked up for distribution by Parade Deck Films in North America .
Summary
During a late night taping of Dr . Nasty 's Cavalcade of Horror , bloody chaos takes place while screening two features ( Dinner for Monsters and Slit ) . Samantha/Nurse Nasty is frustrated with how the show is being run by its womanizing director and its drunk and crazy host , Dr . Nasty .
Reception
Late Night Double Feature won `` Best in Horror '' at the 2015 Hot Springs International Horror Film Festival . The film received a 3 out of 4 rating from Fangoria .
References
2014 films
Canadian horror anthology films
English-language Canadian films
2010s Canadian films
Ukrainian Educational Council USA ( UCCA Ukrainian Educational Council , Ukrainian Educational Council ; ) is the central organ of Saturday schools of Ukrainian Studies in the United States . The responsibilities of the organization include conducting a general oversight of the schools it controls and providing advice , setting and revising programs and curricula , training teachers , as well as vetting and publishing textbooks for Ukrainian Saturday schools in the US . Ukrainian Educational Council is an autonomous organization within the Ukrainian Congress Committee of America , an umbrella organization which unites around two dozens Ukrainian American organizations .
History
Ukrainian Educational Council was created in 1953 at the school conference , where delegates from 22 schools decided to set up a central body which would assume control over the system of private Ukrainian schools . The goal of the Ukrainian schools was for the American Ukrainians to `` preserve the Ukrainian language and Ukrainian culture '' . In the 1960s , the Educational Council controlled more than 60 schools , which gave education for around 6,000 students and employed some 400 teachers . The number of schools that comprise the Ukrainian Educational Council has declined since then . For example , as of 2003 , the Educational Council had 35 member-schools , which consisted of around 2,600 students and teachers ; in 2011 , this number slightly increased to 40 schools , while the number of student and teachers generally remained stable . Over the history , more than 30,000 students studied in these schools .
The first president of the Educational Council was Edward Zarskyi , who served as president in 1953-1954 . He was replaced by Volodymyr Kalyna ( 1954-1961 ) , before returning to his post in 1961 and serving as president until 1977 . Edward Zarskyi was then followed by Roman Drazhniowsky ( 1977-1983 ) . After Drazhniowsky , Eugene Fedorenko became the next president and served until 2016 , when he was succeeded by George Gajecky and then , in 2019 , by Volodymyr H. Bodnar .
Since 1985 , the Ukrainian Educational Council has been organizing an annual two-week seminar for teachers of Ukrainian Saturday schools , where teachers attend lectures on disciplines related to Ukrainian studies . The seminar is held at Soyuzivka , a Ukrainian cultural center in New York State maintained by the Ukrainian National Association .
Activity
As the Educational Council is the central governing body of Ukrainian Saturday schools in the United States , it `` performs the necessary task of centralizing and guiding Ukrainian private education , establishing standards and goals for the schools , and providing standardized final exams '' . Apart from the general task of setting the standards of Ukrainian education in the US , the Ukrainian Educational Council is involved in organizational work such as providing training to teachers and preparing and distributing textbooks to Ukrainian schools The organization prepares journal Ridna Shkola , which is published three times a year .
The network of schools which comprise the Educational Council is nationwide , stretching from Boston , Massachusetts to Washington state . The specific curricula differ from school to school , with the majority of schools offering an 11-years course of study , while several schools maintain a full 12-year program . The study disciplines taught in Ukrainian Saturday schools include Ukrainian language , Ukrainian literature , history of Ukraine , as well as Ukrainian geography and culture . Some schools provide optional religious instruction .
The governing structure of the Education Council consists of :
Executive Council ( president , vice-presidents , secretaries , treasurer , members ) ;
Auditing Committee ;
Arbitration Board
References
External links
Official site of the Ukrainian Educational Council
Ukrainian American
Ukrainian-American culture
Ukrainian-American history
Ukrainian diaspora organizations
Danny Gabriel Carvajal Rodríguez ( ; born 8 January 1989 ) is a Costa Rican footballer who plays for Japanese club FC Ryukyu as a goalkeeper . He was a Costa Rica national player for many championships .
Club career
Born in San Ramón , Carvajal was a Deportivo Saprissa youth graduate . He made his first team debut for Brujas F.C . on 6 December 2009 by coming on as a second-half substitute in a 0–0 away draw against A.D. Ramonense .
Carvajal started to appear more regularly during the 2010–11 season , contributing with 12 appearances . In July 2011 , after leaving the club after the end of the campaign due to economic problems , he joined fellow league team A.D. San Carlos .
Carvajal was an undisputed starter for San Carlos during his two-year spell , and on 15 May 2013 he returned to Saprissa , now assigned to the first team . Initially a backup to Donny Grant and Luis Ernesto Michel in his first campaign , he subsequently became first-choice and featured regularly in the following three years .
On 29 June 2017 , Carvajal moved abroad for the first time in his career , signing for Segunda División side Albacete Balompié and becoming the third Costa Rican goalkeeper to represent the club ( after Luis Conejo and Keylor Navas ) . The following 16 January , however , he was loaned to Tokushima Vortis until the end of the year .
International career
Carvajal was called up to Costa Rica under-20s ahead of the 2009 FIFA U-20 World Cup , but was only a backup to Esteban Alvarado during the tournament . In June 2011 he was included in the main side 's squad ahead of 2011 Copa América , but again remained a second-choice to Alvarado .
Carvajal was also called up to 2015 CONCACAF Gold Cup , Copa América Centenario , 2017 Copa Centroamericana and 2017 CONCACAF Gold Cup , mainly behind Alvarado and Navas . He only made his full international debut on 18 January 2017 , starting in a 0–0 draw against Nicaragua .
Honours
Brujas
Liga FPD : 2009 Invierno
Saprissa
Liga FPD : 2014 Verano , 2014 Invierno , 2015 Invierno , 2016 Invierno
Costa Rican Cup : 2013
References
External links
1989 births
Living people
People from San Ramón , Costa Rica
Costa Rican footballers
Association football goalkeepers
Liga FPD players
Brujas FC players
A.D. San Carlos footballers
Deportivo Saprissa players
Segunda División players
Albacete Balompié players
J2 League players
Tokushima Vortis players
Mito HollyHock players
FC Ryukyu players
2011 Copa América players
2015 CONCACAF Gold Cup players
Copa América Centenario players
2017 Copa Centroamericana players
2017 CONCACAF Gold Cup players
Costa Rica international footballers
Costa Rican expatriate footballers
Costa Rican expatriate sportspeople in Spain
Costa Rican expatriate sportspeople in Japan
Expatriate footballers in Spain
Expatriate footballers in Japan
Martin Hall may refer to :
People
Martin Hall ( rugby league ) ( born 1968 ) , British rugby league footballer and coach
Martin Hall ( archaeologist ) , former vice-chancellor at the University of Salford
Places
Martin Hall ( Hendrix College ) , Conway , Arkansas , listed on the NRHP in Faulkner County
Martin Hall ( Providence College ) , Providence , Rhode Island
Glidden-Martin Hall , Sioux Falls , South Dakota , building listed on the NRHP in Minnehaha County
Martin Hall at Texas College , Tyler , Texas , building listed on the NRHP in Smith County
See also
Martin Building ( disambiguation )
Martin Hotel ( disambiguation )
Martin House ( disambiguation )
Architectural disambiguation pages
Jules Halbert , born in 1886 in Landreau , was a French clergyman and bishop for the Roman Catholic Diocese of Port-Vila . He was appointed bishop in 1939 . He died in 1955 .
References
1886 births
1955 deaths
French Roman Catholic bishops
Roman Catholic bishops of Port-Vila
Luda za tobom ( Crazy About You ) is the thirteenth studio album by Yugoslav pop-folk singer Lepa Brena . It was released in December 1996 through the record label Zabava miliona .
This album was sold in a circulation of 220,000 copies .
Track listing
Personnel
Instruments
Goran Ratković – guitar
Josip Boček – guitar ( 10 )
Nebojša Aleksić – guitar ( 4 )
Saša Vasić – acoustic guitar ( 3 )
Srki Boy – keyboards , accordion
Ferus Mustafov – saxophone , clarinet , bagpipes ( 1 , 3 )
Jane Jonuzović – bongos ( 1 , 7 )
Boki Milošević – clarinet ( 6 )
Enes Mavrić – accordion ( 4 )
Production and recording
Goran Ratković – mixing
Srki Boy – mixing
Crew
Dejan Milićević – photography
References
1996 albums
Lepa Brena albums
Grand Production albums
Monsefú is a town in Northern Peru , capital of the Monsefú district in the Chiclayo Province that is part of the Lambayeque Region . It is renowned for its food and handicrafts , which are on display at the annual FEXTICUM festival , < ref > Municipalidad Distrital de Monsefú . Municipalidad Distrital de Monsefú . Retrieved March 18 , 2008 < /ref > named in 1973 by Professor Limberg Chero Ballena and held in July during Fiestas Patrias . Monsefú is also the home of the cumbia groups Grupo 5 and Hermanos Yaipen . Monsefú was elevated to the category of `` city '' on October 26 , 1888 .
Etymology
The priest Fernando de la Carrera , in his work Arte de la lengua yunga , argues that the word `` monsefu '' comes from Omænssefæc '' .
History
Before the arrival of the Spanish , Monsefú would have been part of the chieftainship of Cinto , with the name of Chuspo , whose main center have been located in the vicinity of the hill San Bartolo . Early in the second half of the sixteenth century , they would have been reduced in Callanca , heavy rains and floods in 1578 , blighted the crops and affected the population composed of `` huacotoledistas '' . In 1612 , the population of Callanca were attacked by a disease . The population was reduced by the disease and survivors after a few years were located in what is now Monsefú .
The headquarters of the Chilean army during the occupation of Peru ( 1879-1893 ) was located in Monsefú . Chilean troops entered Monsefú without shooting a single bullet . The commander in chief of the invader , Gen. Patricio Lynch , acted as a major of the city . During his tenure , he improved the sanitation system , organized a garbage collection service , built the first sewage system and reorganized the whole administration . Historians concur that Gen. Lynch was probably the best authority of Monsefú at that time .
The town of Monsefú was created at the time of Independence by the Liberator Simon Bolivar .
Climate
It has a varied semitropical temperature , since part of its territory is on the shore of the sea , and another is located in the valley of the Reque River .
References
External links
Municipalidad Distrital de Monsefú
Populated places in the Lambayeque Region
James Curry , ( born October 26 , 1957 ) was a defensive tackle who played seven seasons in the Canadian Football League . He won Grey Cups in 1983 with the Toronto Argonauts and 1989 with the Saskatchewan Roughriders -- his first and last seasons in the league .
Following his retirement , he was a colour commentator for the CFL on CBC .
References
Canadian football defensive linemen
Canadian Football League announcers
BC Lions players
Toronto Argonauts players
Ottawa Rough Riders players
Saskatchewan Roughriders players
Nevada Wolf Pack football players
Players of American football from California
1957 births
Living people
People from Madera County , California
Kaori Kusuda ( née Kawakami , 楠田香穂里、旧姓川上、born 29 May 1974 ) is a Japanese former basketball player who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics .
References
1974 births
Living people
Japanese women 's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of Japan
Basketball players at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Asian Games medalists in basketball
Basketball players at the 1998 Asian Games
Basketball players at the 2002 Asian Games
Asian Games gold medalists for Japan
Medalists at the 1998 Asian Games
20th-century Japanese women
21st-century Japanese women
The National People 's Congress Agriculture and Rural Affairs Committee ( ) is one of nine special committees of the National People 's Congress , the national legislature of the People 's Republic of China . The special committee was created during the first session of the 9th National People 's Congress in March 1998 , and has existed for every National People 's Congress since .
Membership
References
Agriculture and Rural Affairs Committee
Gabriel Zucman ( born 30 October 1986 ) is a French economist who is currently an associate professor of public policy and economics at the University of California , Berkeley ‘ s Goldman School of Public Policy . The author of The Hidden Wealth of Nations : The Scourge of Tax Havens ( 2015 ) , Zucman is known for his research on tax havens and corporate tax havens .
Zucman 's research has found that the leading corporate tax havens are all OECD–compliant , and that tax disputes between high–tax locations and havens are very rare . His papers are some of the most cited papers on research into tax havens . Zucman is also known for his work on the quantification of the financial scale of base erosion and profit shifting ( BEPS ) tax avoidance techniques employed by multinationals in corporate tax havens , through which he identified Ireland as the world 's largest corporate tax haven in 2018 .
In 2018 , Zucman was the recipient of the Prize for the Best Young Economist in France , awarded by the Cercle des économistes and Le Monde in recognition of his research on tax evasion and avoidance and their economic consequences .
Early life and education
Zucman was born in Paris in 1986 , and is the son of two French doctors . His mother is an immunology researcher while his father treats HIV patients .
In interviews , Zucman describes the `` traumatic political event of my youth '' , as being when Jean-Marie Le Pen reached the final rounds of the 2002 French presidential election , when Zucman was 15 . In 2018 , Zucman said of that event : `` A lot of my political thinking since then has been focused on how we can avoid this disaster from happening again . So far , we 've failed '' .
From 2005 to 2010 , Zucman attended the École normale supérieure de Cachan , one of France 's prestigious Grandes Écoles . Hereafter , he first earned his M.Sc . in economic policy analysis in 2008 and a PhD in economics in 2013 , both from the School for Advanced Studies in the Social Sciences ( EHESS ) and the Paris School of Economics , for which he received the French Economic Association 's award for best PhD dissertation in 2014 .
Career
After finishing his studies , Zucman worked for a year as a postdoctoral scholar at the University of California at Berkeley ( UC Berkeley ) before accepting a position as assistant professor of economics at the London School of Economics ( LSE ) and the same position at UC Berkeley , being currently on leave from LSE . Moreover , Zucman has worked as Co-Director of the World Wealth and Income Database ( WID ) , a database aiming at the provision of access to extensive data series on the world distribution of income and wealth , since 2015 .
Besides his research and teaching activities , Zucman has refereed for several economic journals , including the Quarterly Journal of Economics , the Review of Economic Studies , Econometrica , and the Journal of Political Economy . He also co–founded and acted as editor–in–chief for Regards croisés sur l'économie , a review aimed at exposing the French general public to academic research in economics .
Research
In August 2014 in Capital is Back , Zucman and French economist Thomas Piketty investigate the evolution of aggregate wealth–to–income ratios in the top eight developed economies , reaching back as far as 1700 in the case of the U.S. , U.K. , Germany , and France , and find that wealth–income ratios have risen from about 200–300 % in 1970 to 400–600 % in 2010 , levels unknown since the 18th and 19th centuries . Most of the change can be explained by the long-run recovery of asset prices , the slowdown of productivity , and population growth . Zucman has co-written several papers with Thomas Piketty .
Much of Zucman 's research is on issues of economic inequality and , most importantly , tax havens . In 2015 in his book , The Hidden Wealth of Nations , Zucman uses the systematic anomalies in international investment positions to show that the net foreign asset positions of rich countries are generally underestimated because they do n't capture most of the assets held by households in offshore tax havens . Based on his calculations , he finds about 8 % of the global financial wealth of households , or $ 7.6 trillion , to be held in tax havens , three–quarters of which go undeclared .
In 2017–18 , Zucman focused on the scale of multinational tax avoidance by base erosion and profit shifting ( `` BEPS '' ) tools in the largest corporate tax havens . Zucman believes Ireland , recognised as a major corporate tax haven , is still materially underestimated by Orbis–database studies due to technical factors ( even though these studies rank Ireland as the 5th largest global corporate Conduit OFC ) . Research published by Zucman , Tørsløv and Wier in June 2018 , showed that Ireland is the largest corporate tax haven in the world , even larger than the entire Caribbean corporate tax haven system . This research also showed that tax disputes between high–tax jurisdictions and corporate tax havens are extremely rare , and that tax disputes really only occur between high–tax jurisdictions .
Along with James R. Hines Jr. and Dhammika Dharmapala , Gabriel Zucman is noted as a leader in the study of tax havens , and his papers are amongst the most cited research on tax havens . , Zucman ranks 1st out of `` 19,829 economists whose first publication of any kind is 10 or fewer years ago '' , on the IDEAS/RePEc St Louis Reserve database of papers by global economists .
Much of Zucman 's other research deals with the effect of the G20 's crackdown on tax havens and corporate tax havens , cross–border taxation and multinational profit shifting , the long–term relationship between wealth and inheritance , and the trajectory of wealth inequality in the United States . Zucman is frequently quoted in the leading global news media .
Tørsløv-Wier-Zucman 2018 list
The only tax havens from the Tørsløv-Wier-Zucman list that have ever appeared on an OECD list of tax havens , are some Caribbean locations , namely The British Virgin Islands ( but not the Cayman Islands ) . Nine of the top ten locations from the Tørsløv-Wier-Zucman list , match the top ten on the James R. Hines 2010 list ( assuming that Zucman 's `` Caribbean '' is mostly two locations , The Cayman Islands and The British Virgin Islands ; Zucman lists Bermuda separately ) .
( * ) Identified as one of the largest 10 tax havens by James R. Hines Jr. in 2010 ( the Hines 2010 List ) .
( † ) Identified as one of the 5 Conduits ( Ireland , Singapore , Switzerland , the Netherlands , and the United Kingdom ) , by CORPNET in 2017 .
( ‡ ) Identified as one of the largest 5 Sinks ( British Virgin Islands , Luxemburg , Hong Kong , Jersey , Bermuda ) , by CORPNET in 2017 .
( Δ ) Identified on the first , and the largest , OECD 2000 list of 35 tax havens ( the OECD list only contained Trinidad & Tobago by 2017 ) ; only some Caribbean territories were listed by the OECD in 2000 .
Personal
Zucman is married to the French economist Claire Montialoux , whom he met in 2006 .
In May 2020 , Zucman criticized White House Advisor Kevin Hassett 's usage of the term `` human capital stock '' , claiming it `` only makes sense in the context of slave societies '' . Twitter users discovered that Zucman himself used the term in his own academic work , which has since been revised .
Bibliography
See also
Conduit and Sink OFCs
Corporate tax havens
Ireland as a tax haven
Tax havens
Base erosion and profit shifting
Double Irish , Single Malt , and CAIA , BEPS tools
James R. Hines Jr .
References
External links
Gabriel Zucman 's website
The World Inequality Database
The Wealth Detective Who Finds the Hidden Money of the Super Rich , Bloomberg News ( 23 May 2019 )
1986 births
French economists
Living people
Writers from Paris
Goldman School of Public Policy faculty
University of California , Berkeley College of Letters and Science faculty
Social scientists
Horace Valentin Crocicchia ( 6 November 1888 – 1976 ) was a colonial administrator in various colonies of the French Colonial Empire .
Titles Held
See also
List of colonial governors in 1942
List of colonial governors in 1943
List of colonial governors in 1944
Colonial heads of Guinea
Colonial heads of Côte d'Ivoire
References
French colonial governors and administrators
People of French West Africa
Governors of French India
1888 births
1976 deaths
Hercynia may refer to :
Hercynians
The Hercynian Forest
A range of mountains mentioned in several classical sources , in apparently various regions of Europe
, a journal published by the Universities and Landesbibliothek of Sachsen-Anhalt , which covers ecology and environmental biology
Hercynia , possibly an early Celtic toponym ; see Perkwunos
458 Hercynia , an asteroid
Hercynia , a junior synonym of the ant genus Wasmannia
See also
Hyrcania ( disambiguation )
Hercynian orogeny , a synonym for the Variscan orogeny of the Carboniferous
Hercynian massifs , part of the Massif Central of France
Prince Siriraj Kakudhabhand ( ; ; 27 November 1885 – 31 May 1887 ) was the Prince of Siam ( later Thailand ) . He was a member of the Siamese royal family and was the son of King Chulalongkorn and Queen Saovabha Phongsri .
Siriraj Hospital is named after him . He was the 53rd child of King Chulalongkorn and the fifth child of Queen Saovabha Phongsri .
Ancestry
References
1885 births
1887 deaths
19th-century Thai royalty who died as children
Thai male Chao Fa
Children of Chulalongkorn
Electrical Ward is a ward located under Nagaland 's capital city , Kohima . The ward falls under the designated Ward No . 17 of the Kohima Municipal Council .
See also
Municipal Wards of Kohima
References
External links
Map of Kohima Ward No . 17
Kohima
Wards of Kohima
Paul Ezra Rhoades ( January 18 , 1957 – November 18 , 2011 ) was an American spree killer and suspected serial killer convicted of three murders committed in Idaho during a three-week crime spree in 1987 . He is the prime suspect in at least four additional killings in Utah and Wyoming dating back to 1984 , however , he was never conclusively linked to these murders . He was executed for two of his confirmed murders in 2011 , becoming the first person to be executed in Idaho in over seventeen years .
Early life
Paul Ezra Rhoades was born on January 18 , 1957 , in Idaho Falls , Idaho , the first of four children born to Augustus and Teresa Rhoades . His early life proved turbulent , as Rhoades was struck with polio since the age of 4 , for which he constantly had to be hospitalized , and at home , his parents constantly argued . At the age of 10 , he began drinking and soon dropped out of high school , after which he started using various drugs . Because of this , Rhoades developed an addiction to methamphetamines which would persist up until his arrest . To provide for his family , he took on various odd jobs both in Idaho and the surrounding states , specializing in sheetrocking . At the same time , however , he started breaking into various homes and stole any valuables he could find .
Murders
On the morning of March 1 , 1987 , the body of 21-year-old Stacy Dawn Baldwin , a Red Mini Barn clerk who was working the night shift , was found in an archery range about five miles northwest of Blackfoot . She had been shot three times , and it was quickly determined that her killing was likely linked to a robbery gone wrong that occurred the night before .
Soon after , on the morning of March 17 , 20-year-old Nolan Haddon , a clerk working at a convenience store in Idaho Falls , was found critically injured in the establishment 's walk-in cooler . Haddon was quickly rushed to the Eastern Idaho Regional Medical Center for treatment , but succumbed to his injuries only hours later .
Four days later , the body of 34-year-old Susan Michelbacher , a special ed teacher , was found in a remote lava field west of Idaho Falls . She had been abducted from the parking lot of a supermarket two days prior while out to cash a $ 1,000 check at a bank , before being shot nine times and then raped , quite possibly after she was already deceased .
Arrest and trials
On March 27 , 1987 , an arrest warrant for grand larceny was put out for Rhoades , who was promptly arrested in Wells , Nevada . While he was detained at the Nevada Highway Patrol Office , his items , including a handgun , were confiscated and handed over to authorities in Idaho . Shortly after , the handgun 's bullets were proven to be an exact match to the ones used in the recent slayings in Blackfoot and Idaho Falls . As a result , Rhoades was first charged with Michelbacher 's murder , in addition to first-degree kidnapping , robbery , rape , desecration of a corpse and five counts of firearm violations . It was decided that the two other murder charges would be tried in separate trials .
On January 18 , 1988 , Rhoades ' first trial began , after his attorneys ' bid for an insanity defense was rejected by the Idaho Supreme Court . Among the possible choices for jurors was then-Governor Cecil Andrus , who was later excused from the panel due to his familiarity with the case due to signing the extradition documents from Nevada . Among the prosecution 's witnesses was Nevada detective Victor Rodriguez , who claimed that he and five other officers had heard the defendant admit to Michelbacher 's murder while in their custody , but had failed to file the statement in a report due to `` an oversight '' . This claim was later contested by defense attorney John Radin , as Rodriguez later claimed that this had never occurred while being questioned by him . By January 26 , the defense team had rested their case , with the proceedings being delayed for two hours as court officials had to wait for Rhoades ' suit to be returned from a dry cleaning store . On the following day , after less than five hours of deliberations , the jury returned a verdict of guilty on all counts against Rhoades , with his sentencing phase set for March 16 .
In the meantime , Rhoades was sent off to stand trial for the murder of Baldwin , which was held on March 3 . His attorneys contended that the circumstantial evidence of the prosecution was flimsy , and that his client 's alibi of babysitting his sister 's two children at the supposed time of the crime could be easily corroborated by his family members . In addition , they also claimed that a man 's watch found in Rhoades ' possession , which was claimed to have been stolen from Baldwin , was actually bought by Teresa Rhoades as a Christmas gift for her son . While the prosecution team did admit that the evidence was largely circumstantial , they pointed out that it overwhelmingly pointed towards Rhoades : most notably , a distinct shoe imprint that was an identical match to the defendant 's unusually large foot , as well as the bullets from his handgun . On March 12 , Rhoades was again found guilty on all counts by jury verdict , and his sentencing date regulated for May 9 of that year . His final trial for the murder of Haddon was subsequently set for April 25 .
On March 24 , Rhoades was sentenced to death for Michelbacher 's murder and to life imprisonment for all the remaining charges . After the sentence was read out , he grabbed the chair he had been sitting in and threw it at the prosecutor , but it was caught by Sheriff Rodriguez before anyone could be hurt . Rhoades was subsequently escorted out of the courtroom by deputies , while his sister hurled verbal abuses at the prosecutor . Once the Haddon trial approached , Rhoades ' lawyers filed a motion to have Justice Larry Boyle to be disqualified from presiding over this trial , citing the fact that he had sentenced him to death in the Michelbacher trial . That motion was denied , and Boyle was allowed to proceed as the main judge . In a bid to avoid another prolonged trial , Rhoades pleaded guilty to all charges , while still retaining his right to appeal his convictions . As a result of the plea , he was subsequently sentenced to two life terms , but still claimed that he was innocent of this crime .
In the beginning of the sentencing phase for the Baldwin charges , Rhoades ' attorneys filed a motion for a retrial by request of his family members , which was initially denied by Justice James Herndon . On the following day , however , he overruled that decision and announced that he would reconsider , as he considered the defendant 's complaint about not being present for the arguments phase in the original ruling . This was eventually denied , and Rhoades was promptly sentenced to death for this murder as well , in addition to a life term plus 45 years for the other charges relating to Baldwin 's death .
Possible additional murders
While awaiting trial for Haddon 's murder , Rhoades was interviewed by Utah police for a possible connection to at least three murders in their jurisdiction that matched his modus operandi . The killings , which occurred in Salt Lake City and Layton , were the following :
Christine Gallegos ( 18 ) : shot to death at a parking lot in suburban Salt Lake City on May 15 , 1985 .
Carla Maxwell ( 20 ) : clerk who was shot five times while working at a 7-Eleven store in Layton on April 25 , 1986 .
Lisa Strong ( 25 ) : shot on a street corner in Salt Lake City on May 12 , 1986 , while apparently running away from her assailant .
According to the task force established to investigate these murders , all of which had been linked via the copper-jacketed , hollow pointed bullets used , they had received information that placed Rhoades in the area at the time of the killings . In addition , they had located another handgun which linked him to numerous burglaries and thefts committed at the Wasatch Front . Around the same time , he was proposed as a possible suspect in the June 21 , 1984 murder of 25-year-old Lisa Ehlers , who was found shot to death at a roadside in the Jackson Hole valley , near Bondurant , Wyoming . The main investigator for the task force , Jim Bell , later revealed in an interview with the Jackson Hole Guide that he was able to place Rhoades in the area at the time after conducting an interview with him . However , despite appeals for information to the public , no evidence connecting Rhoades to the killings ever surfaced , and he was never charged .
Execution
For the remainder of his life , Rhoades and his legal team filed appeal after appeal in an attempt to have his sentence commuted , citing reasons such as various legal technicalities , his abusive childhood and the supposed cruelty of capital punishment as mitigating factors . All of these appeals were rejected , and he was subsequently executed via lethal injection at the Idaho Maximum Security Institution in Kuna on November 18 , 2011 .
As his final statement , Rhoades addressed his mother and executioners , stating that he forgave them , before confessing that he indeed had committed the Michelbacher killing , apologizing to her husband . However , he continued to deny responsibility in the Baldwin and Haddon murders , telling the family members that ' [ they ] still have to keep looking ' , and apologizing that he could not help them . At the time of his execution , he was the second inmate to be executed in the state following Gregg v. Georgia after Keith Wells , who had been executed 17 years earlier . His last meal consisted of hot dogs , sauerkraut , mustard , ketchup , onions , relish , baked beans , veggie sticks , ranch dressing , fruit with gelatin and strawberry ice cream cups . It was the same meal that was offered to all other Idaho Maximum Security inmates that night .
See also
Capital punishment in Idaho
List of people executed by lethal injection
List of people executed in Idaho
List of people executed in the United States in 2011
List of serial killers in the United States
External links
FindAGrave
References
1957 births
2011 deaths
20th-century American criminals
American male criminals
American spree killers
Suspected serial killers
Necrophiles
American people convicted of murder
People convicted of murder by Idaho
American people convicted of rape
American people convicted of kidnapping
American people convicted of robbery
American prisoners sentenced to life imprisonment
Prisoners sentenced to life imprisonment by Idaho
21st-century executions of American people
People executed by Idaho by lethal injection
Executed American people
People executed for murder
Executed people from Idaho
Criminals from Idaho
People from Idaho Falls , Idaho
The Minister of State for Prisons and Probation is a mid-level ministerial office in the Ministry of Justice .
The office has switched between being of Minister of State and Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State 'rank ' .
The office is currently simply designated as 'Minister of State ' gov.uk website , but its responsibilities remain very similar to the previous Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State for Prisons and Probation .
Responsibilities
The minister currently has responsibility of the following policy areas :
Prison operations , policy , reform and industrial relations
Probation services , policy , reform and industrial relations
Public protection ( including Parole Board , Imprisonment for Public Protection and Serious Further Offences )
Offender health
Female offenders
Transgender offenders
Veteran offenders
Foreign national offenders ( joint work with the Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State for Immigration Compliance and the Courts )
Offender rehabilitation and release
Reducing Reoffending ( joint work with the Minister of State for Crime and Policing )
Extremism , Release On Temporary License and Home Detention Curfew
Electronic monitoring ( joint work with Minister of State for Crime and Policing )
Youth Justice
The minister also provides support on Global Britain and the promotion of legal services .
List of Ministers for Prisons
References
See also
Ministry of Justice ( United Kingdom )
His Majesty 's Prison Service
Lists of government ministers of the United Kingdom
Prison ministers
Ministerial offices in the United Kingdom
Prisons in the United Kingdom
Ministry of Justice ( United Kingdom )
English law
Home Office ( United Kingdom )
2010 establishments in England
2010 establishments in the United Kingdom
1995 establishments in the United Kingdom
British government officials
Szentkatalin is a village in Baranya county , Hungary .
External links
Street map
Populated places in Baranya County
J.W . Mays , Inc. ( ) is a real estate firm based in Brooklyn , New York , United States . From 1927 until 1988 the company ran a chain of discount department stores in the area surrounding New York City referred to as Mays , with stores located in three of New York City 's five boroughs , Long Island , and Putnam County . At its height as a retailer , the firm had 5000 employees working in 9 stores during the early 1970s .
History
The chain grew from a Brooklyn women 's clothing store founded by Joe Weinstein , a Polish Jewish immigrant from Galicia , in 1924 . In 1929 , Weinstein incorporated the company and added his initials . The first location opened its doors at 510 Fulton Street in Brooklyn in September 1929 . The reason why he chose the name to begin with was because , as Weinstein said , `` it reminded me of the countryside and the flowers and the springtime '' .
Mays grew throughout the 1950s and 1960s . Its slogan , `` Every day 's a sale day at Mays '' , was imprinted , in big red , script lettering , on every white paper shopping bag , and every white cardboard shopping box . Mondays were `` super-sales '' days , and stores were especially crowded then . Weinstein was aggressive in his competition against other discount retailers such as Ohrbach 's and Alexander 's , as well as the higher -- end department stores . At one point , Weinstein discussed a merger between Mays and his two main discount competitors , but it never came to be .
At the company 's peak in the 1970s , Mays operated nine stores . At that time , the company had about 5,000 employees . By the late 1970s , it started losing market share to other discount retailers , and in 1982 the store declared Chapter 11 bankruptcy . The company closed five locations that operated outside the city , leaving one store in Manhattan , two stores in Queens , and the original store in Brooklyn .
In 1987 , Mays closed one of its two stores in Queens ( Glen Oaks ) , leaving three in the chain . The chain continued on but announced on December 28 , 1988 that they would be closing the remaining three stores in the chain immediately , with the final sale occurring on December 31 of that year . Beginning on January 1 , 1989 , J.W . Mays , Inc. reincorporated as the real estate company that currently does business , using the real estate that its stores had previously occupied .
References
External links
J.W . Mays
Companies based in New York City
Defunct department stores based in New York City
Retail companies disestablished in 1988
Companies that filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in 1982
Companies listed on the Nasdaq
Real estate companies established in 1989
Retail companies established in 1927
1927 establishments in New York ( state )
Hunters Quay ( ) is a village , on the Cowal peninsula in Argyll and Bute , Scottish Highlands . Situated between Kirn to the south and Ardnadam to the north , Hunters Quay is the main base of Western Ferries , operating between Hunters Quay and McInroy 's Point .
Structures
Esplanade
Hunters Quay 's esplanade was built in 1880 , protected by a breast wall , along the north shore of Balgay Bay at a cost of £500 .
Victoria Bridge
Spanning Balgay Bay , Victoria Bridge was built in 1878 .
Royal Marine Hotel
The current building was built in 1890 . This and the previous building was , between 1872 and the 1950s , the home of the Royal Clyde Yacht Club , which was founded in 1856 .
Hafton House
Built in 1815 for James Hunter .
Villas
In the mid 19th century , the principal villas at Hunters Quay were Claver House ( Mr Miller ) , Linnwood ( Mr Somerville ) , Rock Hill ( Capt . Littlejohn ) , Whinhill ( Mrs Ross ) , Woodside ( Mr Bell ) and Craigend ( Mr Bryson ) .
1908 Summer Olympic Games
The 12-metre class yacht race in the 1908 London Olympic Games took place at Hunters Quay . Most of the sailing took place on the Solent , but only two boats entered the 12-metre class : Mouchette from the Royal Liverpool Yacht Club and Hera from the Royal Clyde Yacht Club . They were allowed to race on the Clyde for convenience . The course was twice round a lap of the Clyde , starting and finishing at Hunters Quay . Thomas C. Glen-Coats ' Hera won .
Jim Crow Rock – Puffin Rock
`` Jim Crow '' ( earlier `` The Jim Crow '' ) , a pointed glacial erratic rock lying horizontally on the beach , was known as the `` Jim Crow Stone '' by 1864 , and by 1904 was painted with a face . There have been various suggestions for the inspiration behind the name and design : the Jim Crow character featured in Jump Jim Crow , a song and dance popularised in 1832 by the American minstrel show performer Thomas D. Rice ; local stories suggest it could have been the name of the owner of a nearby builders'/joiners yard ; a jackdaw [ which has a black beak but not a red mouth ] ; or the later Jim Crow laws which were state and local laws enforcing racial segregation in the Southern United States . Another suggestion is that it was named after the line `` So they canonized him by the name of Jim Crow ! '' in the 1837 poem The Jackdaw of Rheims .
Due to concerns about racism the rock was painted over a number of times , but repeatedly returned to its original state . In 2017 Neville Lawrence , father of Stephen Lawrence , saw the rock when he was on holiday in the area , and described it as saddening and disappointing , an uncomfortable reminder of division . It later attracted Black Lives Matter protests , and was painted black . In community efforts to find a way forward , a competition was held for young people to propose a unifying design . The winning design was by a Dunoon Grammar School pupil , who with other pupils re-painted the rock in 2021 as a puffin .
Gallery
References
Villages in Cowal
Ports and harbours of Scotland
Olympic sailing venues
Venues of the 1908 Summer Olympics
Firth of Clyde
Highlands and Islands of Scotland
Glacial erratics of Great Britain
Shapwick School was a specialist school at Shapwick Manor in Shapwick , a village on the Somerset Levels in Somerset , England . In March 2020 , it was announced that the school would close at the end of term in March due to financial difficulties .
The fee-paying school specialised in the holistic education of pupils with dyslexia and its related learning disabilities such as dyscalculia , Developmental coordination disorder , pragmatic language impairment , and specific language impairment . It had pupils aged 8 to 18 , most of whom were boarders , while the rest were day pupils . The therapy department offered speech and language and occupational therapy within the timetable according to assessed need . Pupils in the 6th form received direct support from the school but studied at Bridgwater College .
The school was accredited by the Council for the Registration of Schools Teaching Dyslexic Pupils ( CReSTeD ) , and the Royal College of Speech and Language Therapists .
In November 2010 , the school gained national attention when it briefly featured in a BBC Three documentary Kara Tointon : Do n't Call Me Stupid about actress Kara Tointon who has dyslexia . Tointon visited the school to see how it approaches the teaching of pupils with dyslexia . She sat in a class , learning new techniques for addressing her own dyslexia , and talked to some of the pupils about their experiences .
History
In 1974 , Colin Atkinson , a former cricketer for Somerset County Cricket Club and head of Millfield , established the Chalice School in Glastonbury to teach pupils with dyslexia . When Chalice closed two years later , Chalice headmaster Gerald Trump established Edington School in the old primary school building in Burtle . In 1981 a Senior School was created called Edington Senior School . In 1984 , Shapwick Senior School was established . The two schools worked together until 1994 when they merged to become Edington & Shapwick School , operating on the two sites in Shapwick and Burtle , and run by joint headmasters . In 2015 , the school 's two sites were merged again onto the Shapwick campus
From 1984 , Jon Whittock and David Walker were joint headmasters , until David Walker 's death in May 2011 .
In May 2013 , Jon Whittock stepped down as Headmaster of Shapwick School for the next Headmaster , Mr Lee . Adrian Wylie was Principal from September 2014 until his retirement in July 2019 . The final Joint Principals were Gareth Wright and Hellen Lush .
On 31 March 2020 , the school closed permanently .
Successor schools
In March 2020 upon the announcement of the closure of Shapwick School , Abbot 's Way School in Meare , Somerset was proposed by Shapwick 's last Heads , Gareth Wright and Hellen Lush . An independent specialist day school for students with dyslexia , dyspraxia and dyscalculia is planned .
In April 2020 , it was reported that a group of former staff from Shapwick School were planning to open a new school locally . The new school , called The Levels School , is in the village of Ashcott , close to the site of Shapwick School , and was founded by Bradley Middleton , who formerly worked in a pastoral capacity at Shapwick . Moving with him to The Levels School were teachers and therapists from Shapwick , including the former head of therapy . The school was given the green light by Sedgemoor District Council following a virtual meeting of its development committee on 4 August 2020 . At the end of October , the school was awaiting an Ofsted visit before fully opening . The BBC reported on the 26th November that The Levels School had received the green light from the Department for Education and would be opening in January 2021 . Parents will be able to pay privately to send their children to the school , or they can apply for education , health and care plan ( EHCP ) funding through their local authority . It will be open for eight to 16-years-olds , for students with dyslexia and learning differences associated with the condition .
References
External links
Defunct schools in Somerset
Special schools in the United Kingdom
Educational institutions established in 1974
1974 establishments in England
Educational institutions disestablished in 2020
2020 disestablishments in England
Defunct special schools in England
The Great Western Business and Normal College ( sometimes called `` Concordia Normal School and Business College '' or `` Concordia Business College '' ) located in Concordia , Kansas was a private business college and normal school . The school was founded in 1889 by L. H. Hausam . Records show students attending as late as 1930 .
The college eventually moved its operations to Webb City , Missouri
Alumni
Frank Carlson , governor of Kansas
Gallery
References
Education in Cloud County , Kansas
Defunct private universities and colleges in Kansas
Sebastián Darío Morquio Flores ( born 22 January 1976 in Montevideo ) is a Uruguayan footballer playing for Deportivo Español .
External links
Player profile
Uralan Squad 2003 at RSSSF.com
Apertura 2002 Statistics at Terra.com.ar
1976 births
Living people
Uruguayan footballers
Uruguayan expatriate footballers
Association football defenders
Club Nacional de Football players
Montevideo Wanderers F.C . players
C.A . Progreso players
Club Atlético Huracán footballers
El Porvenir footballers
Curicó Unido footballers
Club Alianza Lima footballers
Aldosivi footballers
FC Elista players
Deportivo Español footballers
Atlético de Rafaela footballers
Russian Premier League players
Chilean Primera División players
Argentine Primera División players
Expatriate footballers in Argentina
Expatriate footballers in Chile
Expatriate footballers in Peru
Expatriate footballers in Russia
Jacobus Coelemans or Jacob Coelemans , known in France as Jacques Coelemans ( Antwerp , 23 August 1654 – Aix-en-Provence , 11 February 1732 ) was a Flemish engraver and printmaker , known for his reproductive prints after famous painters and portraits . He trained in his native Antwerp and later moved to Aix-en-Provence in France where he worked for the remainder of his life .
Life
Jacob Coelemans was registered as a pupil of Frederik Bouttats the Younger at the Antwerp Guild of Saint Luke in the Guild year 1672-1673 . Bouttats was a print artist , art dealer ( person ) , painter and mezzotint artist from an extensive Antwerp dynasty of artists .
He was never registered as a master in the Guild of Saint Luke of Antwerp . On 20 October 1680 he joined the 'Sodaliteit van de Bejaerde Jongmans ' , a fraternity for bachelors established by the Jesuit order .
He must have enjoyed a certain reputation as he moved in 1690 to Aix-en-Provence in France to which he was called by Jean-Baptiste Boyer d'Éguilles . His patron was Attorney General of the Parliament of Provence and a famous art collector and scholar . Boyer d'Aguilles commissioned him to engrave his entire art collection . He was thereby completing the work which was commenced by the French engraver Sébastien Barras and Boyer d'Aguilles himself , who was also an amateur engraver .
He died in Aix-en-Provence on 11 February 1732 .
Work
Coelemans worked as an engraver and etcher who mainly produced reproductive prints after paintings made by other artists . The commission by Boyer d'Aguilles required him to reproduce paintings in all genres . He was a versatile printmaker who was able to complete the commission successfully .
The plates that he executed for Boyer d'Aguilles were published after his patron 's death by Coelemans , in a folio volume containing 118 plates , under the title . Pierre-Jean Mariette published a second edition in 1744 , adding a note on the former owner of the gallery and an explanation of the paintings reproduced . A third edition was printed by Brother Basan , but the plates were too worn to provide good proofs . Most of the engravings by Sébastien Barras and those of Boyer d'Aguilles are missing from these two editions .
He executed his engravings in a vigorous style , with sometimes too much black . Almost all of his prints show a judicious sense of line and a good understanding of chiaroscuro . He was scrupulous in his attempt to accurately reproduce the work of the Flemish , French or Italian masters in the Boyer d'Aguilles ' collection . He is generally recognized for the brilliance of his palette .
References
External links
Flemish engravers
Artists from Antwerp
1654 births
1732 deaths
Portland Ice Arena may refer to :
Portland Ice Arena ( Maine )
Portland Ice Arena ( Oregon )
The Veracruz Canyon is an underwater canyon . It is located off the eastern coast of Mexico in the Gulf of Mexico not far from the port city of Veracruz , Veracruz . Pemex is considering drilling for oil in the area in and around Veracruz Canyon .
Canyons and gorges of Mexico
Landforms of Veracruz
Submarine canyons of the Gulf of Mexico
Edmund Taylor ( 30 December 1853 – 25 December 1936 ) was an English cricketer . He played for Gloucestershire between 1876 and 1886 .
References
1853 births
1936 deaths
English cricketers
Gloucestershire cricketers
Cricketers from Bristol
The Nazi Euthanasia Centre at Bernburg ( ) operated from 21 November 1940 to 30 July 1943 in a separate wing of the State Sanatorium and Mental Hospital ( Landes-Heil- und Pflegeanstalt ) in Bernburg on the River Saale in the German state of Saxony-Anhalt . It was one of several euthanasia centres run by the Nazis under their official `` Euthanasia Programme '' , later referred to after the war as Action T4 . A total of 9,384 sick and handicapped people from 33 welfare institutions and nursing homes as well as around 5,000 prisoners from six concentration camps were killed there in a gas chamber using carbon monoxide gas .
Today there is a memorial in Bernburg commemorating the victims of the Bernburg Euthanasia Centre .
First phase of operation
The victims at the killing centre in Bernburg were categorized by their place of origin . According to the organization chart they included : sick and disabled people from institutions in the provinces of Brandenburg , Saxony and Schleswig-Holstein , the states of Anhalt , Brunswick and Mecklenburg as well as the capital city Berlin and the city of Hamburg from where the victims were transported to Bernburg directly or via the intermediate centres which included :
In the Province of Saxony : Jerichow ( 390 ) , Uchtspringe ( county of Stendal ) ( 864 ) , Altscherbitz near Schkeuditz ( county of Delitzsch ) ( 1,385 )
In the Province of Brandenburg : Görden near Brandenburg ( 1,110 ) , Neuruppin ( 1,497 ) Teupitz , county of Teltow ( 1,564 )
In the State of Brunswick and others : Königslutter ( 423 )
According to a surviving internal summary , the so-called Hartheim Statistics , 8,601 people were killed at Bernburg in 1941 . These statistics cover only the first phase of the T4 killings that were carried out by Hitler 's order of 24 August 1941 , and do not include any figures for 1940 .
Euthanasia doctors
The organizers of the Nazi Euthanasia Programme , later known as Action T4 , Viktor Brack and Karl Brandt , ordered that the killing of patients could only be carried out by clinicians , because the letter of authorization from Hitler dated 1 September 1939 only referred to doctors . The operation of the gas tap was therefore the job of the gas doctors in the extermination centres . Despite that , during the course of the Euthanasia Programme , in the absence of the doctors or for other reasons , the gas tap was also operated by non-medical personnel . In correspondence with the outside world , the doctors employed false names .
The following doctors carried out euthanasia in Bernburg :
Head : Irmfried Eberl ( `` Dr. Schneider '' ) : November 1940 to August 1941 ; transferred from Berlin back to Bernburg , 1942–1943
Deputy : Heinrich Bunke ( `` Dr. Keller '' ) : November 1940 to August 1941
End of first phase
On 31 January 1941 , Joseph Goebbels wrote in his diary : `` Discussed with Bouhler the question of the silent liquidation of the mentally ill. 40,000 are gone , 60,000 must still go . This is difficult , but necessary work . And it must be done now . Bouhler is the right man to do it . `` < ref > The quotation is found along with other figures in Ralph George Reuth 's Joseph Goebbels - Diaries , Volume 4 , Munich , 1992 , , p. 1525 . In the new edition , published in 1998 by Elke Frohlich , the figures are corrected as a reading error and are as stated here . See also : Heinz Faulstich : Goebbels Diaries and the Cessation of `` Action T4 '' In : Christian Gerlach ( ed . ) : Durchschnittstäter – Handeln und Motivation ( `` Average Criminal '' - Action and Motivation , ( Contributions to the History of National Socialism , Vol . 16 ) , Berlin , 2000 , , p. 211 < /ref > The planned figure of 100,000 victims mentioned here was not achieved according to the Hartheim Statistics and the diary entry is cited as evidence that the programme was prematurely halted .
It is debated whether it was the numerous public protests of senior clergymen and other dignitaries , who made the programme public knowledge , or a fear of disruptive action by other countries that resulted in the order to officially call off the Euthanasia Programme – the so-called `` Euthanasia Stop '' . The historian , Uwe Dietrich Adam , also posed the question early on as to whether the programme was halted because its euthanasia specialists were urgently needed in the extermination camps to where they were soon deployed .
Action 14f13
Action 14f13 was used to eliminate seriously ill concentration camp inmates or those who , for other reasons , were unable to work ; they were referred to as `` ballast '' . Action 14f13 also dealt with Jewish prisoners , regardless of their actual state of health .
The programme was prepared , alongside Action T4 , in the spring of 1941 when medical commissions visited the concentration camps . In a letter after the cessation of the programme had been ordered , it was announced that Bernburg should `` deal in the near term with concentration camp members '' . By the spring of 1942 , 1,400 women from Ravensbrück had been killed in Bernburg .
Notable victims
Olga Benário Prestes
Friedrich Brauner
Käthe Leichter
Irma Eckler , wife of August Landmesser
Mary Pünjer
Henny Schermann
Rosa Manus
In early June 1942 , 300 prisoners from Neuengamme concentration camp were transported to Bernburg and killed immediately after arrival through the use of carbon monoxide , probably on 5 June 1942 . These 300 victims ( about 80 German Jewish prisoners and 220 detainees , who had either been arrested as so-called `` asocials '' or who were seriously ill and unable to work ) are all named at the Neuengamme concentration camp memorial site . Their names may be seen in the lists ( panels ) in the House of Remembrance and Book of the Dead at the former Neuengamme concentration camp ( also available in digital form ) .
Action Reinhardt
Before working in Bernburg SS-Obersturmführer Irmfried Eberl was a doctor and medical head of the Brandenburg Euthanasia Centre with the same staff . Because of his experience in gassing , from summer 1942 Eberl was appointed commandant of the Treblinka extermination camp as part of the most deadly phase of the Holocaust in Poland known as Action Reinhardt . Irmfried Eberl was appointed the camp 's first commandant on 11 July 1942 . He was the only physician-in-chief to command an extermination camp during World War II . According to some , his poor organisational skills soon caused the operation of Treblinka to turn disastrous ; others point out that the number of transports that were coming in reflected the Nazi high command 's wildly unrealistic expectations of Treblinka 's ability to `` process '' these prisoners .
Post-1945 period
In the early years of the GDR , the subject of euthanasia in Bernburg was not addressed . Only in the 1980s did the hospital staff begin slowly to deal with the topic . In the wake of the Wende , a memorial was opened , which was transferred in 1994 to the state . The director of the memorial is Ute Hoffmann . Since 1 January 2007 , the memorial has been sponsored by the Memorial Foundation of Saxony-Anhalt .
On 29 November 2006 , the Friends of the Memorial to the Victims of Nazi Euthanasia in Bernburg was founded on the premises of the memorial .
See also
Hadamar Euthanasia Centre
Hartheim Euthanasia Centre
Footnotes
References
For other relevant literature see Action T4
Further reading
Friedrich Karl Kaul : Nazimordaktion T4 , Verlag Volk und Gesundheit , Berlin 1972
Dietmar Schulze : `` Euthanasie '' in Bernburg . Die Landes-Heil- und Pflegeanstalt Bernburg/Anhaltische Nervenklinik in der Zeit des Nationalsozialismus . Verlag Die Blaue Eule , Essen 1999 , .
Ernst Klee ( ed . ) : Dokumente zur `` Euthanasie '' . Fischer Taschenbuch Verlag No . 4327 , Frankfurt am Main 1985 , .
Frank Hirschinger : Zur Ausmerzung freigegeben . Halle und die Landesheilanstalt Altscherbitz 1933-1945 . Böhlau , Cologne , 2001 , .
Ute Hoffmann : Todesursache „ Angina “ . Zwangssterilisationen und Euthanasie in der Landes- Heil- und Pflegeanstalt Bernburg . Ministry of the Interior for the State of Saxony-Anhalt , Magdeburg , 1996 .
External links
Memorial site
Online presence of the Saxony-Anhalt State Institute for Teacher Continuation Training ( Landesinstitut Lehrerfortbildung Sachsen-Anhalt ) See : 1940 – 1941 : Euthanasie in Bernburg ''
Euthanasia in the Bernburg Extermination Centre - School project on local history
Bernburg
20th century in Saxony-Anhalt
Euthanasia Centre
Holocaust locations in Germany
Song Wenbin ( born 5 January 1963 ) is a Chinese biathlete . He competed at the 1984 Winter Olympics and the 1992 Winter Olympics .
References
External links
1963 births
Living people
Chinese male biathletes
Olympic biathletes of China
Biathletes at the 1984 Winter Olympics
Biathletes at the 1992 Winter Olympics
Sportspeople from Liaoning
Asian Games medalists in biathlon
Biathletes at the 1990 Asian Winter Games
Asian Games gold medalists for China
Asian Games silver medalists for China
Medalists at the 1990 Asian Winter Games
is a Japanese ski mountaineer and telemark skier . He started telemark skiing at the age of 25 .
Selected results
2007 : 4th , Asian Championship , individual
2012 : 3rd , Asian Championship , individual
References
External links
Ken Fujikawa , Skimountaineering.org
Fujikawa 's blog
1974 births
Living people
Japanese male ski mountaineers
Japanese telemark skiers
Sportspeople from Hokkaido
Woodruff is an unincorporated community in Johnson Township , LaGrange County , Indiana .
Allen Woodruff was the name of an early postmaster .
Geography
Woodruff is located at .
References
Unincorporated communities in LaGrange County , Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
Battle of the Yalu River ( Amnok River ) may refer to :
Battle of the Yalu River ( 1894 ) , during the First Sino-Japanese War
Battle of the Yalu River ( 1904 ) , during the Russo-Japanese War
Opisthotropis zhaoermii , Zhao 's mountain stream snake , is a species of natricine snake found in China .
References
Opisthotropis
Reptiles described in 2017
Reptiles of China
Davos Wiesen ( local ; ) is a village and one of six parts ( former municipalities ) of the municipality of Davos besides Davos Dorf , Davos Platz , Davos Frauenkirch , Davos Glaris and Davos Monstein .
References
External links
Official website of Davos Wiesen
Official website of Davos
Former municipalities of Graubünden
Davos
Geir Sundal ( born 1968 ) is a retired Norwegian football defender .
He played for IL Hødd as early as in 1985 . He eventually became team captain . He participated in their promotion to the highest level after the 1994 season . He played some matches in the 1995 Norwegian Premier League . He later became sporting director in Hødd .
References
1968 births
Living people
Norwegian footballers
Sportspeople from Møre og Romsdal
IL Hødd players
Eliteserien players
Association football defenders
Goodenia corralina is a species of flowering plant in the family Goodeniaceae and endemic to a restricted area near Norseman in Western Australia . It is a low , spreading , perennial , herb with linear to lance-shaped leaves in a rosette at the base of the plant , and racemes of yellow flowers .
Description
Goodenia corralina is a low , spreading perennial herb that typically grows to a height of and is more or less glabrous . The leaves are arranged in a rosette at the base of the plant and are linear to lance-shaped with the narrower end towards the base , long and wide , sometime toothed or lyre-shaped . The flowers are arranged in a raceme long on a peduncle long , each flower on a pedicel long with linear , leaf like bracts at the base . The sepals are linear , long and the corolla is yellow and up to long . The lower lobes of the corolla are about long with wings wide . Flowering has been recorded in May and the fruit is an elliptic capsule long .
Taxonomy and naming
Goodenia corralina was first formally described in 2007 by Leigh William Sage and Kelly Anne Shepherd in the journal Nuytsia from material collected near Norseman by Michael Hislop and Fred Hort in 2004 . The specific epithet ( corralina ) is an anagram of R. Carolin , in honour of Roger Charles Carolin .
Distribution and habitat
This goodenia is only known from the type location near Norseman , where it grows in open woodland near a large granite outcrop .
Conservation status
Goddenia corralina is classified as `` Priority Two '' by the Western Australian Government Department of Parks and Wildlife meaning that it is poorly known and from only one or a few locations .
References
corralina
Eudicots of Western Australia
Plants described in 2007
Taxa named by Kelly Anne Shepherd
Mount Holdgate ( ) is a prominent mountain , high , with steep icefalls and rock buttresses which provides a clear landmark at the southeast end of Cook Island in the South Sandwich Islands . It was named by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee for Martin W. Holdgate , organizer and senior scientist of the survey of the South Sandwich Islands from in 1964 .
References
Mountains and hills of South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
San Martino d'Agri is a hill town and comune in the province of Potenza , in the Southern Italian region of Basilicata . It is a town of less than 800 people most of the year , but in August the population swells to around 2,000 when Sammartinesi return for the Festa della Madonna della Rupe , some coming from as far as North America , South America and Australia . San Martino d'Agri is on the peak of a hill at 666 meters above sea level . At one point in the town 's history , there was a major mudslide ( frana ) that wiped out most of the town ; however , it recovered . Atop the hill stands a medieval castle , which was first owned by the barone . However , after the barone was overthrown , there was an earthquake that destroyed much of the town . The castle was later renovated and divided up into sections for different families ' housing . In the late mid-1900s , a section was abandoned and was n't renovated until 2003 . That part , as well as another is currently owned and still being renovated .
References
Cities and towns in Basilicata
The Wisbech Players is an amateur theatre group based in Wisbech , Isle of Ely . The Players ' aim is to offer a broad base of productions , usually two or three per year .
The society is affiliated to the National Operatic and Dramatic Association ( NODA ) and Fenland Arts .
History
20th century
In the 1940s Sheila Chesters whose husband Allen was the Wisbech Grammar School headmaster , started to run dancing classes for girls in the School gardens . From this strand developed a junior theatre group .
In the 1950s Sheila Chesters , then chair of the County Music Committee was asked to form a children 's choir . The group attended the Eistedfodd in Llangollen . In 1953 Alvin Thompson won a Folk Song class , in 1954 his brother , Michael did the same . In 1955 Basil Isley also won . In 1954 they sent a part of 36 , much effort had been made to ensure authenticity in the costumes by getting a local basket maker to make replicas of hats held in the Cambridgeshire museum . Chesters scoured the area seeking out old folk songs , some of which appear never to have been printed .
The Wisbech Players was founded in 1954 through the amicable break up of the Wisbech Little Theatre drama group run by Mrs Sheila Chesters , who was also busy running this successful children 's choir competing at King 's Lynn Festival , Albert Hall , Edinburgh and Aldeburgh .
The society 's production of A Hundred Years Old , by S & J Quintero took place at the Women 's Institute Hall ( since 2009 The Luxe Cinema ) .
Two productions per year were put on most years once the society was established . This was eventually reduced to one .
The productions at the turn of the century were Arsenic and Old Lace by Joseph Kesselring and 'Allo 'Allo based on the tv series by Jeremy Lloyd and David Croft .
21st century
For the fiftieth anniversary in 2004 , Joan Littlewood 's Oh ! What a Lovely War was put on at the Georgian Angles Theatre .
The society returned to two productions in 2007 with Rebecca ( play ) and Steel Magnolias ( play ) .
Far from the Madding Crowd by Thomas Hardy and adapted by playwright Jessica Swale was the 2018 spring play .
In 2019 Ladies in Lavender directed by Barbara Mews and adapted for the stage by Shaun McKenna was the Spring production performed at the Angles .
The spring 2019 production was Cheshire Cats by Gail Young , which raised £285 for the Breast Care Unit at The Queen Elizabeth Hospital , King 's Lynn , followed by the autumn production of A Bunch of Amateurs , written by Ian Hislop and Nick Newman for a cast of seven .
The spring 2020 productions is The Innocents by William Archibald to be staged at The Angles .
References
Amateur theatre companies in England
Wisbech
Culture in Cambridgeshire
Friedrich Hirschl ( born 24 January 1888 , date of death unknown ) was an Austrian footballer . He played in two matches for the Austria national football team in 1908 .
References
External links
1888 births
Year of death missing
Austrian footballers
Austria international footballers
Place of birth missing
Association footballers not categorized by position
Gizzeria ( Calabrian : ; ) is an Arbëreshë comune and town in the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of Italy .
Overview
The center of town is above sea level . Monte Mancuso is the town 's highest point at above sea level . Gizzeria shares borders in common with the municipalities of Falerna , Nocera Terinese , Lamezia Terme and the Tyrrhenian Sea .
The town 's territory is within 5 minutes driving distance from the Lamezia Terme International Airport , as well as 10 minutes driving distance from the Lamezia Terme Centrale train station .
Gizzeria is located approximately from Catanzaro , its provincial capital .
See also
Lago La Vota
Notes and references
External links
Arbëresh settlements
Cities and towns in Calabria
John Charles Speaks ( February 11 , 1859 – November 6 , 1945 ) was a businessman , soldier , and U.S. Representative from Ohio .
Early life and education
He was born in Canal Winchester , Ohio on February 11 , 1859 . He attended the public schools .
Civilian career
He engaged in milling and the lumber business . He served as the fish , game , and conservation officer of Ohio 1907-1918 .
Speaks was elected as a Republican to the Sixty-seventh and to the four succeeding Congresses ( March 4 , 1921 – March 3 , 1931 ) . He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1930 to the Seventy-second Congress , and for election in 1932 to the Seventy-third Congress , and in 1934 to the Seventy-fourth Congress .
He was an unsuccessful candidate for election in 1918 to the Sixty-sixth Congress .
Military career
He served as member of the Ohio National Guard for more than forty years , advancing from private to brigadier general . During the Spanish–American War served as major of the Fourth Regiment , Ohio Volunteer Infantry , participating in the Puerto Rican Campaign .
He commanded the Second Brigade of the Ohio National Guard on the Mexican Border in 1916 . During the First World War , he commanded the Seventy-third Brigade of the Thirty-seventh Division . He was a lifelong rival of World War I aviator Dr. David Brumbaugh .
Personal life
He married Edna Lawyer of Canal Winchester in 1889 , and they had four children .
Death and legacy
He died in Columbus , Ohio , November 6 , 1945 . He was interred in Union Grove Cemetery , Canal Winchester , Ohio .
References
Retrieved 2009-02-22
1859 births
1945 deaths
People from Canal Winchester , Ohio
American military personnel of World War I
American military personnel of the Spanish–American War
United States Army generals
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
National Guard ( United States ) generals
United States Army generals of World War I
Elkwood is an unincorporated community in Culpeper County , Virginia , United States . Elkwood is located on U.S. Route 15 east-northeast of Culpeper . Elkwood has a post office with ZIP code 22718 .
Climate
The climate in this area is characterized by hot , humid summers and generally mild to cool winters . According to the Köppen Climate Classification system , Elkwood has a humid subtropical climate , abbreviated `` Cfa '' on climate maps .
References
Unincorporated communities in Culpeper County , Virginia
Unincorporated communities in Virginia
HMS Neptune was a 90-gun second-rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy . She was built under the 1677 `` Thirty Great Ships '' Programme and launched in 1683 at Deptford Dockyard .
Naval career
She was first commissioned in 1690 under Captain Thomas Gardiner , as the flagship of Vice-Admiral George Rooke . In that capacity she took part in the Battle of Barfleur in May 1692 .
She underwent her first rebuild at William Johnson 's yard at Blackwall Yard , from where she was relaunched on 6 May 1710 as a 90-gun second-rate built to the 1706 Establishment . She was recommissioned on 3 February 1711 under Capt . Francis Wyvell , but paid off into reserve in July of that year and saw no service .
On 18 August 1724 Neptune was ordered to be taken to pieces and rebuilt as a 90-gun second-rate to the 1719 Establishment at Woolwich Dockyard , from where she was relaunched on 15 October 1730 . She was cut down to a 74-gun third rate at Chatham Dockyard from 1747 to April 1749 , and was renamed HMS Torbay on 23 August 1750 , the previous ship bearing this name having been broken up in 1749 .
Capture of Le Roche
On 28 November 1756 , Torbay engaged and defeated the 22-gun French privateer La Roche off the southwest coast of Wales . All but two of the French crew were brought aboard the British vessel as prisoners ; the remaining two men were left on La Roche with eight of Torbays crew to help sail her into an English port as a prize . Torbay and La Roche then parted company , with the prize vessel heading for the port city of Milford Haven . On the second night of that voyage the two Frenchmen broke out of their cabin and attacked the British sailors , killing one and wounding the others . The seven surviving British men surrendered and were imprisoned on the steerage deck while the French attempted to turn the vessel back towards the French coast .
By the following morning the British had developed a plan for escape ; with some effort a hole was made in the hull and one sailor climbed the outside of the ship , re-entering at the gundeck . Obtaining a musket , he shot dead one of the French ; the other leapt overboard but was persuaded to return to the vessel on a promise of being spared . Again in command of the vessel , the Torbay crewmembers then reset course for Milford Haven . On 3 December they fell in with , whose crew assisted in bringing the captured ship into port ten days later .
In 1759 , under the command of Captain Augustus Keppel , the ship served in the Battle of Quiberon Bay .
Fate
Her last action was as part of the blue squadron at the Battle of the Saintes under Captain Keppel .
Torbay was sold at Portsmouth to be taken to pieces on 17 August 1784 .
Notes
References
Lavery , Brian ( 2003 ) , The Ship of the Line - Volume 1 : The development of the battlefleet 1650-1850 . Conway Maritime Press . .
Winfield , Rif ( 2007 ) , British Warships in the Age of Sail , 1714-1792 . Seaforth Publishing . . ( 2009 ) British Warships in the Age of Sail , 1603-1714 . Seaforth Publishing .
External links
Ships of the line of the Royal Navy
1680s ships
Ships built by the Blackwall Yard
Ships built in Deptford
Jaisinghpur is a village and tehsil headquarters in Sultanpur district , Uttar Pradesh , India . As of 2011 , it has a population of 2,211 people , in 353 households . It has 4 primary schools and one hospital . It hosts a haat on Tuesdays and Saturdays mostly dealing in tat patti . It serves as the headquarters of a nyaya panchayat which also includes 23 other villages . It is also the seat of a community development block , which was inaugurated in 1953 .
History
At the turn of the 20th century , Jaisinghpur was described as a poor village , with narrow , twisting streets . It formed part of the taluqdari estate of the Raja of Hasanpur , serving as a tehsil within the estate . It had a small bazar , where a small sugar refining industry took place , but at that time the sugar refiners were struggling because of competition from beet sugar . Jaisinghpur also had a police station and an upper primary school which was not attended by many students . It was connected by a minor rail line to Sultanpur in one direction and Dostpur in the other . As of 1901 , Jaisinghpur had a population of 909 .
The 1951 census recorded Jaisinghpur ( as `` Jaisinghpur Kalan '' ) as comprising 2 hamlets , with a total population of 892 people ( 482 male and 410 female ) , in 192 households and 180 physical houses . The area of the village was given as 178 acres . 55 residents were literate , all male . The village was listed as belonging to the pargana of Baraunsa and the thana of Jaisinghpur .
The 1961 census recorded Jaisinghpur ( as `` Jaisinghpur Kalan '' ) as comprising 2 hamlets , with a total population of 1,001 people ( 524 male and 477 female ) , in 238 households and 215 physical houses .. The area of the village was given as 183 acres and it had a medical practitioner , maternity and child welfare centre , and post office at that point . Its police force consisted of 2 sub-inspectors , 1 head constable , and 14 constables.Average attendance of the twice-weekly haat was about 150 people .
The 1981 census recorded Jaisinghpur as having a population of 1,360 people , in 252 households , and having an area of 72.04 hectares . The main staple foods were listed as wheat and rice .
The 1991 census recorded Jaisinghpur as having a total population of 1,610 people ( 838 male and 772 female ) , in 235 households and 234 physical houses . The area of the village was listed as 72.04 hectares . Members of the 0-6 age group numbered 290 , or 18 % of the total ; this group was 46 % male ( 132 ) and 54 % female ( 158 ) . Members of scheduled castes numbered 374 , or 23 % of the village 's total population , while no members of scheduled tribes were recorded . The literacy rate of the village was 41.5 % ( 289 men and 259 women , counting only people age 7 and up ) . 362 people were classified as main workers ( 359 men and 3 women ) , while 0 people were classified as marginal workers ; the remaining 1,248 residents were non-workers . The breakdown of main workers by employment category was as follows : 139 cultivators ( i.e . people who owned or leased their own land ) ; 105 agricultural labourers ( i.e . people who worked someone else 's land in return for payment ) ; 0 workers in livestock , forestry , fishing , hunting , plantations , orchards , etc . ; 0 in mining and quarrying ; 34 household industry workers ; 1 worker employed in other manufacturing , processing , service , and repair roles ; 0 construction workers ; 21 employed in trade and commerce ; 1 employed in transport , storage , and communications ; and 61 in other services .
Villages
Jaisinghpur CD block has the following 177 villages :
References
Villages in Sultanpur district
The Roar on the Shore was a motorcycle rally that took place in Erie , Pennsylvania and North East , Pennsylvania .
History
The Roar on the Shore was started in 2007 by the Erie Port Authority as a way to bring visitors to Erie 's bayfront . The Erie Port Authority partnered with other local organizations including ABATE , Erie Motorcycle Club , Legion Riders 773 , Charities for Children and the Manufacturer 's Association of Erie . In 2008 , the Manufacturer 's Association of Erie took the lead role in the rally . Its last event was in 2019 . 2020 was cancelled on grounds of COVID-19 pandemic . It was announced in 2021 that Roar on the Shore would not return .
Events
Every year the rally was kicked off with `` Bringin ' In The Roar '' : a motorcycle parade from Presque Isle Downs and Casino in Summit Township to Lake Erie Speedway in North East . Other major events are the `` Thunder On The Isle '' , a motorcycle ride around Presque Isle State Park , and the `` Roar To The Vineyards Poker Run '' to North East .
See also
List of festivals in Pennsylvania
References
External links
Roar on the Shore
Culture of Erie , Pennsylvania
Festivals in Pennsylvania
Motorcycle rallies in the United States
Recurring events established in 2007
Tourist attractions in Erie , Pennsylvania
Martha Matilda Harper ( September 10 , 1857 – August 3 , 1950 ) was an American businesswoman , entrepreneur , and inventor who launched modern retail franchising and then built an international network of 500 franchised hair salons that emphasized healthy hair care . Born in Canada , Harper was sent away by her father when she was seven to work as a domestic servant . She worked in that profession for 25 years before she saved enough money to start working full-time producing a hair tonic she invented . The product , and the creation of special hair salons that utilized it , was successful . Harper began franchising the salon model to low-income women , and by its peak the company included more than 500 franchises and an entire line of hair care products .
Early years
Martha Matilda Harper was born in Oakville , Ontario , Canada , on September 10 , 1857 . Her date of birth is sometimes disputed because she also used the year 1868 on occasion to reportedly make herself seem younger . However , she is said to have sworn in an affidavit that her true birth year was 1857 . Her parents were Robert and Beadie Harper . She did n't receive much formal education as a child . Harper 's father sent her away at age seven to become a domestic servant for relatives in Orono , Ontario . She worked in that profession for 22 years before moving to the United States to work as a servant in Rochester , New York . Her last Canadian employer , a physician , imparted his knowledge of hair health to her , and bequeathed her his hair tonic formula when he died . She learned to respect scientific principles from the physician which benefitted her while making the hair tonic . While a servant , Harper developed her own hair tonic after becoming concerned that the hair products on the market did more harm than good . She saved enough money to begin producing the hair tonic full-time , and , upon leaving domestic service three years after her immigration to the United States , opened the first public hair salon in the region in order to help market it . Her salon opened in 1888 in Rochester using her life savings of $ 360 .
Company
Harper 's salon , the Harper Method Hair Parlour , and many of her innovations underlie the modern concept of the hair salon . Before Harper , hairdressers used to make home visits . H She used her hair tonic on herself to advertise . Her floor-length hair also served as an effective marketing tool and appeared in many advertisements for her products . She hired former servants to staff her salon . In 1891 , at the urging of Bertha Palmer of the Palmer House fame , Harper became the first to start modern retail franchising , allowing franchisees to open salons under the Harper name . Her first franchise was in Buffalo , New York . Palmer wanted Harper to open her unique hair salon in Chicago in 1893 in time for the Columbian Exposition in Chicago , which Harper did .
Each salon was owned by a woman ; the first 100 shops only went to poor women like Harper . She trained the franchisees and inspect their salons to ensure quality .
Emphasizing customer service and comfort , Harper invented reclining shampoo chairs , which became a common feature of salons worldwide . The salons offered scalp massage and child care , and they provided evening hours . The hair products her company produced were intended to be healthier than those widely available at the time and were made largely with natural products . Harper salons did not carry synthetic dyes or do chemical perms .
Famous clientele
At the height of its success , her company had 500 franchises and produced a full line of hair care and beauty products . Among the Harper customers were British royalty , Susan B. Anthony , Woodrow Wilson , Grace Coolidge , Joseph P. Kennedy , Rose Kennedy , Jacqueline Kennedy , George Bernard Shaw , and Ladybird Johnson .
Company Legacy
In 1920 , at the age of 63 Harper married Robert McBain , a 39 year old army officer . They both ran the company together for 15 years until Harper retired at the age of 78 and gave control of the company to McBain .
The Harper Method Inc. has operated under a variety of different owners . In June 1956 , Robert McBain , Harper 's husband , sold the enterprise to Earl Freese and Gerald Wunderlich who then made three different attempts to sell the business throughout the 1960s and 70s .
In 1971 , Robert Prentices , then manager of the Harper manufacturing centre in St. Catharine 's , Ontario , purchased the factory assets along with Harper manufacturing and distribution rights , renaming the company Niagara Mist Marketing Ltd , also known as the Soap Factory .
On March 10 , 1972 , other Harper Method Inc. , assets were bought by PEJ Beauty Corporation , a wholly owned subsidiary of the Wilfred Academy . At the time , PEJ was one of the largest operators of trade schools in America . According to Philip Jakeway , then President of the Wilfred Academy , he hoped to expand his operation by marketing the Harper products and shops . An agreement was reached whereby Prentice would supply Harper products to Jakeway for U.S. distribution . Jakeway was unsuccessful . ''
The last Harper Method franchise shop operated in Rochester , New York , as the country 's oldest , and longest-running , beauty shop until the early 2000s . It was owned by a woman named Centa Sailer who died in 2014 . The site of Harper 's former laboratory is now a tire warehouse .
Death and legacy
Martha died in Rochester , New York , on August 3 , 1950 , one month short of her 93rd birthday , survived by her husband Robert MacBain , who died on April 30 , 1965 , at the age of 83 . At time of her death there were over 350 shops . Her gravesite is at Riverside Cemetery , in Rochester , New York . She was interred on August 7 , 1950 , under the name Martha H. McBain . Lot , No . PART 427-J .
Aside from business affairs , Harper also liked cooking , travel , and golf . She was a Christian Scientist and a member of First Church of Christ , Scientist , Rochester , New York .
She was a member of the Rochester Country Club and Oak Hill Country Club . She also studied at the University of Rochester for a few classes .
In 2003 , Harper was inducted into the National Women 's Hall of Fame and the American Business Hall of Fame for her achievements in business . She is considered remarkable for helping other servants live the American dream by hiring them as staff and allowing them to become franchisees .
References
1857 births
1950 deaths
American businesspeople
Businesspeople from Ontario
Canadian inventors
Canadian women in business
Women inventors
People from Oakville , Ontario
American women in business
Franchises
Hair salons
American Christian Scientists
Canadian Christian Scientists
Hugo Néstor Conte ( born April 14 , 1963 ) is a volleyball coach and retired player from Argentina , who represented his native country in three Summer Olympics . He was born at Buenos Aires . He currently coaches Volley Cavriago in Italy .
After having finished in sixth place at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles Conte was a member of the men 's national team that claimed the bronze medal four years later in Seoul , South Korea . Twelve years later he was on the squad ending up in fourth place at the 2000 Summer Olympics . He is considered to be one of the 8 greatest Volleyball players of all time , and the best Argentinian player , next to Waldo Kantor .
With Italian Santal Parma , he won the 1984 European Champions League .
Hugo 's son , Facundo is also an international volleyball player .
Clubs history
References
1963 births
Living people
Volleyball players from Buenos Aires
Argentine men 's volleyball players
Argentine volleyball coaches
Olympic volleyball players of Argentina
Volleyball players at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Volleyball players at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Volleyball players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Olympic bronze medalists for Argentina
Olympic medalists in volleyball
Medalists at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Pan American Games medalists in volleyball
Pan American Games bronze medalists for Argentina
Medalists at the 1983 Pan American Games
Divales bipustulatus is a species of beetles belonging to the family Melyridae .
Description
Divales bipustulatus can reach a length of . Elytra show two humeral red patches . Body is glossy , deep black , covered with fine erect hairs . Antennae and legs are black .
Distribution
This species is present in France , Italy , Switzerland , Greece and North Africa .
Subspecies
Divales bipustulatus bimaculatus ( Rossi , 1792 )
Divales bipustulatus bipustulatus ( Fabricius , 1781 )
Divales bipustulatus erithromelas ( Küster , 1852 )
Divales bipustulatus nigromaculatus ( Lucas , 1849 )
Divales bipustulatus quadrimaculatus ( Baudi , 1873 )
Divales bipustulatus variegatus ( Lucas , 1849 )
References
Biolib
Fauna Europaea
Melyridae
Beetles of Europe
Beetles described in 1781
Harishchandrapuram railway station is a railway station on Khurda Road–Visakhapatnam section , part of the Howrah–Chennai main line under Waltair railway division of East Coast Railway zone . It is situated beside NH 16 at Nimmada , Harishchandrapuram in Srikakulam district in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh .
History
In between 1893 and 1896 , the coastal railway track from Cuttack to Vijayawada was built and opened to traffic by East Coast State Railway . The route was electrified in several phases . Khurda–Visakhapatnam section was completely electrified by 2002 and Howrah–Chennai route was fully electrified in 2005 .
References
Railway stations in Srikakulam district
Waltair railway division
Officially titled the State Commission for Consideration of Issues Raised in Applications of Citizens of the USSR from among the Crimean Tatars ( ) – usually simply referred to as the `` Gromyko commission '' in reference to the head of the commission , Andrei Gromyko – was the first state commission on the subject of addressing what the dubbed `` the Tatar problem '' . Formed in July 1987 , it issued a conclusion in June 1988 rejecting all major demands of Crimean Tatar civil rights activists ranging from right of return to restoration of the Crimean ASSR .
Background
For decades , the government maintained that their national issue had been `` solved '' by Decree 493 which proclaimed that `` people of Tatar nationality formerly living in Crimea '' were `` rehabilitated '' but gave no universal right of return and did not restore the Crimean ASSR in addition to normalizing the use of euphemism for the derecognized ethnic group instead of the proper ethnonym . Meanwhile , other deported peoples such as the Chechens , Ingush , Kalmyks , Balkars , and Karachays were all allowed to return to their homelands , had their titular national republics restored , and were recognized as distinct ethnic groups – things highly coveted by the Crimean Tatar civil rights movement . When pressed on the issue by outsiders , the government insisted that Crimean Tatars had equal rights and most simply did not want to return to Crimea , but maintained starkly different policy in practice ; when Crimean Tatars tried to move to Crimea they were almost always denied the required propiska and could then be deported again , while non-Tatar migrants to Crimea faced no such barriers to getting permission to live in Crimea and were frequently encouraged to move there . In Uzbekistan , where most Crimean Tatars lived , those who expressed desire to move to Crimea were chastised , belittled , and reminded that Crimea was closed to them .
Initial Red Square protest and delegations
During the early days of the Crimean Tatar civil rights movement , Crimean Tatars sent large delegations of highly respected Crimean Tatar activists and party members to Moscow to meet with Soviet leaders and ask for right of return and restoration of the Crimean ASSR . However , as time passed and the delegations accomplished nothing besides being participants being chastized for their participation , such delegations and visits to Moscow became smaller and less frequent . However , due to glasnost , Crimean Tatar activists developed a renewed interest in visiting Moscow en mass . In addition , they hoped that under reduced censorship the media would be willing to listen to and include their opinions in media coverage of the national issue instead of maintaining the line everything was fine . On 20 June 1987 the first Crimean Tatar delegates arrived in Moscow , where they visited the offices of various newspapers , magazines , and TV stations as well as the writers union and talked about their exile and requested that their letters and petitions be published , but they were typically turned down . Later on 26 June several Crimean Tatars met with Pyotr Demichev , who only agreed to tell Gorbachev about their comments . Later on in early July several dozen Crimean Tatars began picketing in Red Square holding signs calling for right of return . The size of the protests grew quickly : the picket in front of the building of the Central Committee of the CPSU on 23 July drew around 100 protesters , but the number increased to around 500 just two days later .
Formation of commission
On 9 July 1987 , after decades of the state sweeping the issue under the rug , the government finally agreed to form a commission decide the fate of the Crimean Tatar people . The day before , a small delegation of Crimean Tatars met with People 's Writer of the USSR Yevgeny Yevtushenko , who encouraged Soviet leaders to give them a meeting or at least listen to them . The issue made it to discussion in the politburo , and Gorbachev , who was reluctant to make any solid decisions on the issue , decided to outsource the issue to a commission . Subsequently , Gromyko , who rarely handled domestic issues , was selected by Gorbachev to head the commission despite his extreme reluctance to meet with Crimean Tatars and his hostile attitude towards the ethnic group . In a conversation with Gorbachev , he expressed desire to ignore the Crimean Tatars entirely and keep them in places of exile as was policy for the past decades . Nevertheless , Gromyko was appointed head of the commission , and he reluctantly discussed the issue with other Soviet politicians . The leadership of the commission consisted of various senior Soviet politicians who had strong feelings on the issue including Eduard Shevardnadze , Viktor Chebrikov , Vitaly Vorotnikov , Vladimir Shcherbitsky , Inomjon Usmonxoʻjayev , Pyotr Demichev , Alexander Yakovlev , Anatoly Lukyanov , Georgy Razumovsky , but no Crimean Tatars .
Period of operation
21 Crimean Tatar representatives eventually met in the Kremlin with Gromyko on 27 July 1987 , where he expressed his contempt and failed to offer any significant concessions but demanded that the Crimean Tatars be less emotional . Compounded by the publication of the libelous announcement from TASS in central newspapers that next day about the formation of the commission , the members of the Crimean Tatar delegation were very disappointed , and became increasingly concerned that the project would be a repeat of Decree 493 . Later another statement from Gromyko warning that any attempt to put pressure on state organs would not work out in their favor was republished by TASS . The commission then lasted eleven months before issuing its final statement in June 1988 . Meanwhile , authorities in Crimea remained hostile to the idea of allowing Crimean Tatar right of return , and further tightened the propiska rules in Crimea as additional Crimean Tatars attempted to arrive and register in the peninsula . Meanwhile in the Uzbek SSR , the commission attempted to ascertain Crimean Tatar attitudes by holding meetings with regional Crimean Tatar diaspora populations , but expressed dismay that they expressed support for return to Crimea and restoration of the Crimean ASSR in line with the demands of those deemed `` autonomists '' by Soviet organs .
Central Initiative Group actions
Despite Gromyko 's warning that increased protests and other forms of public discontent would not be taken well , members of the Central Initiative Group ( led by Dzhemilev ) continued to remain in Moscow , holding rallies in Izmailovsky Park . Prominent representatives from the Dzhemilev faction like Sabriye Seutova , Safinar Dzhemileva , Reshat Dzhemilev , and Fuat Ablyamitov ; unlike the original leaders of the Crimean Tatar national movement who were seen as `` orthodox communists '' and strongly rejected the idea of accepting help from abroad , many members of the Dzhemilev faction listed above , among others , openly solicited support from the West , much to the concern of mainstream Crimean Tatar civil rights activists who grew increasingly worried about the rise of the CIG and its potential to cripple the movement , as they knew very well that all Crimean Tatars would be punished with further delay of right of return for the rogue actions of members of the Central Initiative Group - which consisted disproportionately of the younger generation born in exile and had never been part of the national movement before .
Results
Despite being sent various proposals for plans to restore the Crimean ASSR and return Crimean Tatars to Crimea , in addition to polling information of Crimean Tatars showing that a solid majority supported returning to Crimea , the requests of the Crimean Tatar community were rejected . The conclusion statement issued by Gromyko in June 1988 claimed that it was unrealistic to restore the Crimean ASSR because of the demographics of Crimea , and suggested allowing organized recruitment of a small percent of the Crimean Tatars to Crimea to work in agriculture in Crimea , but maintained that there would be no mass return of Crimean Tatars , and instead offered additional small-scale measures to `` better satisfy the cultural needs '' of Crimean Tatars places of exile .
Reception and aftermath
Responses to the conclusions of the commission were overwhelmingly negative ; even people the most loyal communist Crimean Tatars were disappointed by the conclusions of the commission . For example Rollan Qadiyev , by then having evolved politically to the point of meeting criticism from almost all other Crimean Tatar activists for his opposition to the rally in Red Square out of fear it would provoke authorities , expressed dismay at the idea that only a few more Crimean Tatars could be allowed to move to Crimea , which he dubbed `` lottery for the homeland . '' He also criticized Gromyko 's conclusions that the Crimean ASSR could not be restored because of demographic reasons , noting that the Kazakh SSR was formed when Kazakhs were only 13 % of the population of the region . Yuri Osmanov described the commission as anti-socialist and a means of normalizing Stalinism in the perestroika era .
Barely a year after the conclusion of the commission rejecting return and restoration of the Crimean ASSR , a second commission was composed to re-evaluate the issue , but headed by Yanaev instead of Gromyko and inclusive of Crimean Tatars on the board .
References
Politics of the Crimean Tatars
Uzu Hotel or Ozoo or Ouzou Hotel is a hotel in Benghazi , Libya , overlooking the 23 July Lake of the inner harbour . It contains 184 rooms ( or 262 according to two other sources ) and is served by the Jasmine Cafe . The hotel was once nearly destroyed by a missile .
References
Hotels in Benghazi
Hotel buildings completed in 1989
The School of Industrial Engineering is a center of the University of Vigo where industrial engineering studies are taught . It is established in two locations , one in the city center of Vigo , ( province of Pontevedra ) , Spain , and another one on the campus of Vigo .
History
The School of Industrial Engineering arises from the integration of the two facilities of the University of Vigo within the industrial engineering field : the School of Technical Industrial Engineering and Superior Technical School of Industrial Engineers .
The School of Industrial Engineering of Vigo was founded more than 110 years ago . Since its creation in 1901 several name and curriculum changes underwent : it was born with the Industry Collegename , later it was renamed to School of Industrial Experts with the degrees of industrial experts in mechanics , industrial chemistry and electricity . In 1971 , it became the School of Industrial Engineering with the academic title of Industrial Engineering , with specialties in Mechanical , Electrical and Industrial Chemistry , and with a studies duration of three years . In 1988 , the specialty of Industrial Electronics and Automation joined . In 2000 , the Industrial Engineering specialty Electricity ( two escalations ) of specialty Industrial Mechanical Engineering ( four intensifications ) of Industrial Engineering Industrial Chemistry ( two escalations ) and Engineering Industrial Electronics Industrial technical specialty ( two escalations ) were implemented in the curricula .
The School of Industrial Engineering of Vigo was born in 1976 with the specialties of Electronics and Automatics , with a degree duration of six years . Subsequently , provision was expanded with the specialties of Industrial Organization , Electrical and Mechanical . During 2001 curriculum were modified and it was transformed to a five-year academic degree with intensifications of Mechanics , Construction and Facilities , Industrial Design & Manufacturing , Electricity and Automation and Electronics . In addition , the School implanted two second-cycle degrees : Industrial Engineering and Engineering in Automation and Industrial Electronics .
In October 2009 , both schools began the process of convergence in a single center in order to improve and integrate the management and the degrees academic activities . In April 2010 , the creation of the School of Industrial Engineering was approved by the Governing Council of the University of Vigo . Finally , in February 2011 , removal of the old schools and the creation of the new school is published in the Diario Oficial de Galicia .
In 2010–2011 academic year the new curriculum adapted to the European Higher Education Area began teaching . With more than 4,400 students enrolled and 350 teachers it is one of biggests schools in the Galician university system .
References
University of Vigo
Vigo
The Ulster Liberal Party was a liberal and non-sectarian political party in Northern Ireland linked to the British Liberal Party . The party was officially neutral on the constitutional position of Northern Ireland . Members expressed different views on the issue but agreed that Northern Ireland could only join the Republic of Ireland if that was the wish of the majority of the people of Northern Ireland .
History
Active before the First World War , the Ulster Liberal Association sought to avoid a position on the question of Home Rule ( the restoration of an Irish parliament in Dublin ) which had seen Liberal Unionists split and join Conservatives in the Irish Unionist Alliance . In 1908 , the Association dismissed the former Independent Orangeman and Liberal candidate for Mid Armagh in the 1906 parliamentary election , R. Lindsay Crawford as editor of its paper , Ulster Guardian , because it could not allow its pages `` to be used directly or indirectly in support of devolution or Home Rule '' .
After the creation of Northern Ireland as a home-ruled division of the United Kingdom in 1921 , the Association was restyled the Northern Ireland Liberal Association , and in May 1928 relaunched itself as the Ulster Liberal Party . It nominated candidates in the 1929 UK general election , including future Seanad Éireann member Denis Ireland and Unbought Tenants ' Association MP George Henderson , before the party became inactive .
The party was re-founded by Albert McElroy in 1956 , as ( again ) the Ulster Liberal Association . From 1961 to 1969 , the party had one seat in the House of Commons of Northern Ireland , when Sheelagh Murnaghan held one of the four seats allocated to Queen 's University , Belfast . It was represented on the committee of the Northern Ireland Civil Rights Association in 1967 . As a party it sought to end sectarian divisions in Northern Ireland and Murnaghan tried on four occasions to pass a Bill of Rights in the Northern Ireland Parliament to address discrimination .
In 1969 Claude Wilton became a senator for the party in the Senate of Northern Ireland .
After 1970 , it suffered the loss of many of its members to the Alliance Party of Northern Ireland . Its last political contest was the 1985 local government election , after which its last remnants joined the Labour '87 groups . The Liberal Democrats , successor to the British Liberal Party , later formed links with the Alliance Party . There is also a small local party of the Liberal Democrats in Northern Ireland , who do not contest elections .
Leadership
As of 1971 , the party 's president was McElroy , while John Quinn was the chair , and Berkley Farr was the secretary . Cecil Bell replaced Farr as secretary , and James Murray took over in 1979 . From 1978 until 1982 , the chair was Mervyn Cowan , the secretary was James Murray , and the position of president had been abolished . Patricia Cowan was the treasurer throughout .
Electoral performance
Northern Ireland Parliament & Assembly elections
United Kingdom House of Commons elections
References
Liberal parties in the United Kingdom
Defunct political parties in Northern Ireland
Political parties established in 1956
Political parties disestablished in 1987
1956 establishments in Northern Ireland
Ulster unionist organisations
Liberal Party ( UK )
Alliance Party of Northern Ireland
In differential geometry , an almost symplectic structure on a differentiable manifold is a two-form on that is everywhere non-singular . If in addition is closed then it is a symplectic form .
An almost symplectic manifold is an Sp-structure ; requiring to be closed is an integrability condition .
References
Smooth manifolds
Symplectic geometry
Ralph Hayward Young ( December 17 , 1889 – January 23 , 1962 ) was an American football player , coach of football and basketball , college athletics administrator , and state legislator . He was the head football coach at DePauw University ( 1915 ) , Kalamazoo College ( 1916–1917 , 1919–1922 ) , and Michigan Agricultural College/Michigan State College , now Michigan State University , ( 1923–1927 ) During his career as a head coach , he compiled record of 56–41–3 , including an 18–22–1 mark at Michigan Agricultural/State . Young was also the head basketball coach at DePauw during the 1915–16 season and Kalamazoo from 1916 to 1923 , tallying a career college basketball mark of 100–45 . In addition , he served as Michigan State 's first athletic director , from 1923 until 1954 .
Young served three terms in the Michigan Legislature , representing the East Lansing district . He died on January 23 , 1962 , at his home in East Lansing , Michigan .
In 1962 , he was elected to the Michigan Sports Hall of Fame . He was elected to the National Association of Collegiate Directors of Athletics Hall of Fame in 1979 and the Kalamazoo College Hall of Fame in 1986 .
Head coaching record
References
External links
1889 births
1962 deaths
20th-century American politicians
American football fullbacks
Basketball coaches from Indiana
Chicago Maroons football players
DePauw Tigers football coaches
DePauw Tigers men 's basketball coaches
Kalamazoo Hornets football coaches
Kalamazoo Hornets men 's basketball coaches
Michigan State Spartans athletic directors
Michigan State Spartans football coaches
Members of the Michigan House of Representatives
People from Crown Point , Indiana
The Strub Stakes is an American race for thoroughbred horses run at Santa Anita Park in Arcadia , California each year .
Currently a Grade II stakes race with a purse of $ 200,000 , it is for four-year-olds , at one and one-eighth miles on Santa Anita Park 's dirt track . Run in early February , the race is the third leg of Santa Anita Park 's Strub Series .
Inaugurated in 1948 as the Santa Anita Maturity , the name was changed to the Charles H. Strub Stakes in 1963 in honor of Charles H. Strub ( 1884–1958 ) who built and owned Santa Anita Park . In 1994 the billing was shortened to the Strub Stakes to honor both Dr. Strub and Dr. Strub 's son , Robert P. Strub , who succeeded Dr. Strub as CEO at Santa Anita and had died the previous May .
From 1948 to 1969 and from 1971 to 1997 the race was contested at miles .
Records
Speed record :
1:47.25 - Mizzen Mast ( 2002 )
1:57.80 - Spectacular Bid ( 1980 at miles )
Most wins by a jockey :
7 - Bill Shoemaker ( 1951 , 1961 , 1964 , 1966 , 1972 , 1975 , 1980 )
Most wins by a trainer :
5 - Bob Baffert ( 1998 , 2000 , 2001 , 2013 , 2014 )
Most wins by an owner :
3 - Golden Eagle Farm ( 1992 , 1999 , 2000 )
Winners of the Strub Stakes
* † Miz Clementine ( 1955 ) and Nodouble ( 1969 ) both finished first but after a stewards ' inquiry were disqualified to second place .
References
Graded stakes races in the United States
Horse races in California
Open mile category horse races
Santa Anita Park
Recurring sporting events established in 1948
1948 establishments in California
{ { Infobox artist
| image = Portrait of Cornelis Huysmans.jpg
| imagesize =
| caption = Huysmans ' portrait in the Lives of Flemish , German , and Dutch painters
| birth_name =
| birth_date = Baptized on 2 April 1648 , Antwerp
| death_date = , Mechelen
| field = Landscape painting
} }
Cornelis Huysmans ( baptized 2 April 1648 in Antwerp ; died 1 June 1727 in Mechelen ) was a Flemish landscape painter who was active in Antwerp , Brussels and Mechelen . Huysmans held a foremost position in Flemish landscape painting in the late 17th and early 18th century and was particularly known for his pseudo-Italianate landscapes with mountains in the background , which show the influence of Nicolas Poussin and Jacques d'Arthois .
Life
Cornelis Huysmans was born in Antwerp to Hendrik Huysmans and Catharina van der Meyden ( sometimes also referred to as 'Catharina van der Heyden ' ) .Frans Jozef Peter Van den Branden , Geschiedenis der Antwerpsche schilderschool , Antwerpen , 1883 , pp . 1077–1077 His father 's profession has been variously described as that of a 'bouwmeester ' ( master builder ) or that of a 'houtbreker , munter ende werckman in Sijne Majesteytsmunte ' ( wood breaker , coin maker and workman in His Majesty 's Mint ) .
Upon the early death of his parents , his guardian sent him to study under the landscape painter Gaspar de Witte . After completing his studies with de Witte , Cornelis Huysmans moved to Brussels to continue his studies . He set up permanent residence in Brussels between 1675 and 1682 although he continued to visit his hometown Antwerp . He may have been a pupil or at least worked as an assistant in the studio of Jacques d'Arthois in Brussels . Huysmans worked for d'Arthois and drew landscapes from the Brussels area for two years . Around 1675 he did the same in the Meuse valley near Dinant and Namur . In 1675 he was admitted as an independent master of the Guild of Saint Luke in Brussels . During a stay in Anwerp in 1681 the artist declared that he was at the time living in Brussels .
The following year Huysmans moved to Mechelen . Here he married on 26 January 1682 Maria Anna Scheppers . The couple had two sons and one daughter . His son Pieter Balthasar Huysmans , who was born on 7 January 1684 , was trained by his father but died young in 1706 . From about 1686 to 1688 , Cornelis Huysmans stayed in London where he appears to have enjoyed the patronage of prominent members of society . He created several large format landscapes for the London market .
In 1688 Huysmans signed an agreement with the painters ' guild of Mechelen , which allowed him to work as a painter in the city . He had to pay the guild 24 guilders and 14 stuivers for the privilege . In Mechelen Huysmans created the large-scale altarpiece The Road to Emmaus for the local Onze-Lieve-Vrouw-over-de-Dijle church in 1690 . It is still in situ '' . Possibly he later ran into some problems with the painters ' guild in Mechelen as he moved back to Antwerp , where he was admitted as a master in the local Guild of St Luke in the guild year 1706–7 . He worked in Antwerp until 1716 , the year in which he returned to Mechelen where he continued to work until his death in 1727 .
He was the first teacher of his younger brother Jan Baptist ( 1654–1716 ) , who also became a landscape painter , as well as of his son Pieter Balthasar . In Mechelen Augustus-Casimir Redel ( August Casimir Redel or Ridel ) and Jean Edmond Turner were his pupils .
Work
Cornelis Huysmans is mainly known for his landscape works although he also created some religious and history paintings . He worked with Jacques d'Arthois in Brussels , and in 1674 with Adam Frans van der Meulen in Maastricht .
Huysmans ' landscapes are characterised by their intensive and precise observations of nature , especially in his rendering of forests and trees . While there is some similarity with the Arcadian works of Poussin with their classical architecture , the major influence on the artist was Jacques d'Arthois . His highly decorative compositions often depict the edge of a forest with a sandy bank in the foreground . He often used a clearing to create a diagonal in his compositions . He used contrasts between colours and between the sharp light falling on roads and the dark hues of the tree trunks and foliage casting shadows to create a dramatic effect . His works were executed in bold brushstrokes . His use of similar compositional devices in his landscapes creates the impression of uniformity between his works .
Unlike Jacques d'Arthois , Huysmans bathed his landscapes in a warm , Italian light . The decidedly Mediterranean appearance was further emphasized through his choice of vegetation and architecture , which had a southern flavour . Huysmans thus succeeded in giving his landscapes an air of grandeur .
His works are in the collections of various museums including the Louvre in Paris ( eight works ) , the Hermitage Museum in St. Petersburg , the Art Institute of Chicago , the Gemäldegalerie Alte Meister in Dresden , the National Gallery of Scotland in Edinburgh , the Musée Fabre in Montpellier , the Museum of modern art André Malraux - MuMa in Le Havre , the Royal Museum of Fine Arts in Antwerp , the Musée des beaux-arts de Valenciennes and others .
References
External links
1648 births
1727 deaths
Flemish Baroque painters
Flemish landscape painters
Painters from Antwerp
Benji Russell Radach ( born April 5 , 1979 ) is an American professional mixed martial artist currently competing in the middleweight division of Bellator MMA . A professional competitor since 2001 , Radach has also formerly competed for the UFC , the WEC , Strikeforce , and the Los Angeles Anacondas of the IFL .
Mixed martial arts
Early career
Radach made his professional MMA debut in 2001 and compiled an undefeated record of 10-0 before being signed by the UFC to compete as a Welterweight .
Ultimate Fighting Championship
Radach made his UFC debut against Steve Berger at UFC 37 on May 10 , 2002 . Radach originally was declared the winner via TKO 27 seconds into the first round , but the decision was later overturned when replay showed that Radach had the fence in his hand as he finished the final blows that ended the fight via TKO .
Radach next fought against Nick Serra on June 22 , 2002 , at UFC 37.5 . Radach won via unanimous decision .
Radach then made his next appearance against future UFC Lightweight Champion Sean Sherk at UFC 39 on September 27 , 2002 . Radach lost in the first round via TKO from a referee stoppage due to a cut .
Post-UFC
Radach returned to the regional circuit where he went 4-1 before facing former WEC Middleweight Champion Chris Leben under the SportFight 4 on June 26 , 2004 . Radach lost via TKO in the third round after breaking his jaw , and as a result , he was kept away from active competition for three years .
International Fight League
Radach returned to MMA in 2007 after signing a contract to compete for the Los Angeles Anacondas of the IFL , coached by Bas Rutten . He made his first appearance against Ryan McGivern on February 2 , 2007 , at IFL : Houston . Radach won via TKO in the second round .
Radach then faced Brian Foster at IFL : Los Angeles on March 17 , 2007 . Radach won via guillotine choke submission in the first round .
Radach then fought Bristol Marunde at IFL : Everett on June 1 , 2007 , and won via TKO in the first round .
Radach made his next appearance against Gerald Harris at the IFL 2007 semifinals on August 2 , 2007 . Radach won via TKO in the first round .
Radach next fought Brent Beauparlant at the IFL World Grand Prix Semifinals on November 3 , 2007 , and won via knockout in the first round .
Undefeated in the promotion , he next fought for the inaugural IFL Middleweight Championship against Matt Horwich at the IFL World Grand Prix Finals on December 29 , 2007 . Radach lost via knockout in the second round .
EliteXC
Radach signed a three-fight deal with EliteXC in 2008 and won his first bout against top-ranked middleweight Murilo Rua at EliteXC : Heat on October 4 , 2008 . He finished the fight via TKO in the second round .
Strikeforce
After EliteXC 's demise , Radach then moved on to Strikeforce where he lost by a controversial knockout to Scott Smith . He was winning the fight striking until he was knocked out by a straight right from Smith in the final round .
Radach has suffered many injuries throughout his career , including a broken jaw , a herniated disc , neck surgery , ACL replacement , and a broken collarbone , amongst others . Radach would suffer another problem in February 2010 when he caught a staph infection after surgery on a torn pectoral muscle that was suffered in training .
Radach fought Ovince St. Preux for Strikeforce on December 4 , 2010 . Radach lost to St. Preux via unanimous decision ( 30-27 , 30-26 , 30-25 ) .
Radach was expected to return from a three-year hiatus and face Dmitry Samoilov at Tyumen Fight 2 on December 22 , 2013 . However , in the weeks leading up to the fight , the event was cancelled .
Bellator MMA
Over four years after his last fight , Radach made his Bellator debut against undefeated Ben Reiter at Bellator 137 on May 15 , 2015 , replacing an injured A.J . Matthews . He lost the fight by unanimous decision .
Outside MMA
Radach has been a 4-year 01 journeyman electricians since he was 23 and worked as a chaser in the woods logging and also commercial fishing in Petersburg , Alaska and Brystol Bay Alaska to pay for school and MMA training .
In 2006 Radach foiled an armed robbery attempt in Vancouver , Washington , by physically disarming a gunman who was trying to hold up the restaurant that Radach was patronizing .
In 2008 , he was named the corporate director of instructor 's training for LA Boxing . His responsibilities primarily involve training and preparing potential LA Boxing instructors for lessons of various experience levels .
Mixed martial arts record
|-
|Loss
|align=center| 21–7 ( 1 )
|Ben Reiter
|Decision ( unanimous )
|Bellator 137
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Temecula , California , United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 21–6 ( 1 )
| Ovince St. Preux
| Decision ( unanimous )
| Strikeforce : Henderson vs. Babalu II
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 5:00
| St. Louis , Missouri , United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 21–5 ( 1 )
| Scott Smith
| KO ( punch )
| Strikeforce : Shamrock vs. Diaz
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 3:24
| San Jose , California , United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 21–4 ( 1 )
| Murilo Rua
| TKO ( punches )
| EliteXC : Heat
|
| align=center| 2
| align=center| 2:31
| Sunrise , Florida , United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 20–4 ( 1 )
| Matt Horwich
| KO ( punch )
| IFL : World Grand Prix Finals
|
| align=center| 2
| align=center| 1:58
| Uncasville , Connecticut , United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 20–3 ( 1 )
| Brent Beauparlant
| KO ( punch )
| IFL : World Grand Prix Semifinals
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 2:26
| Chicago , Illinois , United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 19–3 ( 1 )
| Gerald Harris
| TKO ( punches )
| IFL : 2007 Semifinals
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 3:03
| East Rutherford , New Jersey , United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 18–3 ( 1 )
| Bristol Marunde
| TKO ( punches )
| IFL : Everett
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 1:28
| Everett , Washington , United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 17–3 ( 1 )
| Brian Foster
| Submission ( guillotine choke )
| IFL : Los Angeles
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 1:04
| Los Angeles , California , United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 16–3 ( 1 )
| Ryan McGivern
| TKO ( punches )
| IFL : Houston
|
| align=center| 2
| align=center| 2:22
| Houston , Texas , United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 15–3 ( 1 )
| Chris Leben
| TKO ( jaw injury )
| SF 4 : Fight For Freedom
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 3:43
| Gresham , Oregon , United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 15–2 ( 1 )
| Danny Lafever
| KO ( punch )
| Ultimate Ring Challenge 6
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 0:55
| Longview , Washington , United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 15–1 ( 1 )
| Gustavo Machado
| KO ( punches )
| KOTC 28 : More Punishment
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 1:31
| Reno , Nevada , United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 14–1 ( 1 )
| Steve Van Fleet
| KO ( punches )
| IFC WC 18 : Big Valley Brawl
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 1:21
| Lakeport , California , United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 13–1 ( 1 )
| Joel Blanton
| KO ( punches )
| UFCF : Seattle
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| N/A
| Seattle , Washington , United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 12–1 ( 1 )
| Chris Irvine
| KO ( punches )
| Ultimate Ring Challenge 3
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 1:02
| Kelso , Washington , United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 11–1 ( 1 )
| Sean Sherk
| TKO ( cut )
| UFC 39
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 4:16
| Uncasville , Connecticut , United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 11–0 ( 1 )
| Nick Serra
| Decision ( unanimous )
| UFC 37.5
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 5:00
| Las Vegas , Nevada , United States
|
|-
| NC
| align=center| 10–0 ( 1 )
| Steve Berger
| No Contest ( overturned by state commission )
| UFC 37
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 0:27
| Bossier City , Louisiana , United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 10–0
| Shannon Ritch
| TKO ( punches )
| MFC 3 : Canadian Pride
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 1:18
| Alberta , Canada
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 9–0
| Eric Davila
| Decision ( unanimous )
| Rumble in the Rockies
|
| align=center| 2
| align=center| 3:00
| Denver , Colorado , United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 8–0
| Oscar Verdusco
| KO ( punch )
| UFCF : Olympia Ring Challenge
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 0:25
| Olympia , Washington , United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 7–0
| Willy Solorio
| TKO ( punches )
| IFC : Warriors Challenge 16
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 1:23
| Oroville , California , United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 6–0
| Royden Demotta
| TKO ( punches and knees )
| WEC 2
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 1:01
| Lemoore , California , United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 5–0
| Eric Perez
| KO ( punch )
| PPKA : Muckelshoot
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 0:18
| Auburn , Washington , United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 4–0
| Dennis Asche
| Decision ( unanimous )
| DesertBrawl 1
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 5:00
| Bend , Oregon , United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 3–0
| Oz Preciado
| KO ( punch )
| UFCF : Everett Extreme Challenge 3
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| N/A
| Everett , Washington , United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 2–0
| Eric Lucas
| KO ( punch )
| Rumble in the Ring 2
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 0:09
| Auburn , Washington , United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 1–0
| Clayton Purvis
| TKO ( punches )
| UFCF : Road To Victory
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| N/A
| Olympia , Washington , United States
|
References
External links
Archived UFC Profile
Benji Radach IFL Page
Washington State Wrestling Championships 1997
Washington State Wrestling Championships 1996
American male mixed martial artists
1979 births
Living people
Light heavyweight mixed martial artists
Middleweight mixed martial artists
Welterweight mixed martial artists
Sportspeople from Washington ( state )
People from Castle Rock , Washington
Ultimate Fighting Championship male fighters
Wendie Malick ( born December 13 , 1950 ) is an American actress and former fashion model , known for her roles in various television comedies . She starred as Judith Tupper Stone in the HBO sitcom Dream On , and as Nina Van Horn in the NBC sitcom Just Shoot Me ! , for which she was nominated for two Primetime Emmys and a Golden Globe Award .
She also starred as Victoria Chase in the TV Land comedy series Hot in Cleveland . She is also known for her recurring role as Gayle Buchannon on Baywatch as well as Ronee Lawrence on the final season of Frasier . Malick also played many character roles in films , including Scrooged , The American President , Racing Stripes , and Confessions of a Shopaholic , has made over 50 guest appearances on television shows , primarily on comedies , starred in a number of made for television movies , and works as a voice actress , notably the voice of Eda Clawthorne on the Disney Channel animated series The Owl House .
Early life
Malick was born on December 13 , 1950 in Buffalo , New York , the daughter of Gigi , a former model , and Kenneth Malick ( 1920–2021 ) , who worked in sales . Her paternal grandfather , Ayad Malick was an Egyptian from a Coptic Christian family who met her grandmother Sarah Belle Float , a Pentecostal missionary in 1913 . Her other ancestry is French , German , and English . She graduated from Williamsville South High School in 1968 . Malick is an alumna of the William Esper Studio for the performing arts in Manhattan , New York City .
Career
Early career
After graduating from Ohio Wesleyan University in Delaware , Ohio , in 1972 , Malick began fashion modeling for the Wilhelmina modeling agency . She left to work for Republican Congressman Jack Kemp . She soon left Washington , D.C. , to pursue a career in stage and screen . She began working as an actress in 1982 in the film A Little Sex . In same year , Malick auditioned for the role of Diane Chambers in the NBC sitcom Cheers , but lost the part . She later was cast as a regular in ABC medical drama series Trauma Center . The series was cancelled after a single season . In 1986 , Malick guest starred as Cecile 's henchwoman in the 5,559th episode of Another World . In the late 1980s , Malick began her career in television comedies . She had a recurring role on Kate & Allie as Allie 's ex-husband 's new wife and played a supporting role in the 1988 film Scrooged as Bill Murray 's sister-in-law .
Dream On and Just Shoot Me !
In 1990 , Malick was cast in the HBO comedy series Dream On as Judith Tupper Stone , Brian Benben 's neurotic but endearing ex-wife . She remained on this show until it ended in 1996 , winning four CableACE Awards for Best Actress in a Comedy Series . During Dream On years , Malick also acted in other television series , appearing in dramas , such as NYPD Blue as a battered socialite in 1993 , and L.A. Law and Tales from the Crypt , and sitcoms , including Mad About You , Seinfeld , and Cybill . She also appeared in several television films , including Dynasty : The Reunion ( 1991 ) , Madonna : Innocence Lost ( 1994 ) , and Apollo 11 ( 1996 ) . Malick starred in the 1999 Lifetime Television movie Take My Advice : The Ann and Abby Story , in which she played the dual roles of identical twin sibling advice columnists Ann Landers ( Eppie Lederer ) and `` Dear Abby '' Abigail Van Buren ( Pauline Phillips ) . As lead actress , she starred in the 1997 independent drama film Jerome .
In 1996 , Malick starred as the lead character in her own comedy series , Good Company on CBS . The show was cancelled after only six episodes . In 1997 , she began starring as Nina Van Horn , a shallow , boozing former supermodel on the NBC sitcom Just Shoot Me ! . She continued in this role until the show ended in 2003 . She was nominated for a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Comedy Series in 1999 and 2002 , and a Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actress – Series , Miniseries or Television Film in 1999 . She also guest-starred on The X-Files in 1998 . She starred in Disney 's animated film The Emperor 's New Groove as Chicha in 2000 alongside her fellow Just Shoot Me co-star David Spade , who voices Emperor Kuzco . In 2000 , Malick was honored by Women in Film as A Woman of Vision , along with Tipper Gore , Gwen Ifill , and Roseanne Barr .
In 2003 , Malick joined the cast of Cheers spin-off Frasier , portraying Ronee Lawrence , a Seattle lounge singer ( and Frasier 's ( Kelsey Grammer ) childhood babysitter ) who develops a relationship with Frasier 's father , Martin Crane ( John Mahoney ) . Eventually , her character married Martin in the series finale `` Goodnight , Seattle '' . Malick and Mahoney also both appeared in 1995 film The American President . In 2002 , she starred opposite Shirley Jones and Cloris Leachman in the comedy film Manna from Heaven . She provided the voice of Principal Folsom for the Disney animated series Fillmore ! until its end in 2004 . In 2005 , she co-starred in the Nickelodeon animated series The X 's as Miss X .
Later career and Hot in Cleveland
From 2005 to 2006 , Malick starred opposite John Stamos in the ABC comedy series Jake in Progress . Malick was to be part of the cast of the series Modern Men , but due to a Jake in Progress renewal , her role on Modern Men was recast with Jane Seymour . Both Jake in Progress and Modern Men were cancelled in 2006 . Also in 2005 , Malick starred as Clara Dalrymple in the movie Racing Stripes . In 2005 and 2006 , she provided the voice of Burdine Maxwell in the animated series Bratz . In late 2006 and early 2007 , she starred in another short-lived comedy series , Big Day on ABC . Starting in 2005 , Malick did voice work on radio and television ads for Marshalls department stores . Malick guest-starred on CSI : Crime Scene Investigation and Law & Order in 2005 . In film , she appeared in Waiting ... , Adventureland , and Confessions of a Shopaholic as the instructor of the `` Shopaholics Anonymous '' group , Miss Korch .
In 2010 , Malick was cast as Victoria Chase , a six-time-divorced , Emmy Award-winning soap opera star , in the TV Land comedy series Hot in Cleveland , alongside Jane Leeves , Valerie Bertinelli , and Betty White . The series made ratings success for TV Land , and won generally favorable reviews from critics . In 2011 , Malick was a promising contender for an Emmy Award in the Outstanding Lead Actress in a Comedy Series category , though she did not receive a nomination . In 2012 , the Hot in Cleveland cast and she were nominated for a Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Comedy Series . On November 17 , 2014 , TV Land announced season six would be the final season for show .
In April 2011 , Malick became the celebrity spokesperson for Budget Rent a Car in a series of online and television ads . Malick starred in the 2013 Hallmark original movie After All These Years based on the book by best-selling author Susan Isaccs .
After Hot in Cleveland , Malick landed the role in the CBS action comedy-drama series Rush Hour , based on the film franchise of the same name . The series was cancelled after one season . Malick later joined the cast of Fox drama series Pitch in a recurring role as Maxine Armstrong . In 2016 she appeared as Sebastian Lund 's ( Rob Kerkovich ) mother , Sylvia in the fourth episode of NCIS : New Orleans . From 2016 to 2021 , she had a recurring role of lead character ' mother in the ABC comedy series , American Housewife . Malick also appeared on Mom , Grace and Frankie , This Is Us , Modern Family , and Physical .
From 2014 to 2020 , Malick had a recurring voice role playing the titular character 's mother on the Netflix animated series BoJack Horseman . In 2018 , she received Annie Awards nomination for her voice acting . From 2018 to 2020 , she also had a recurring role as rancher Lisa Neumann on Netflix comedy series The Ranch . In 2020 , she was cast as the voice of Edalyn Clawthorne on The Owl House .
Malick played Shailene Woodley 's character mother in the 2019 romantic drama film Endings , Beginnings , and title role in the 2020 Lifetime thriller Deranged Granny . In 2022 , she set to appear in a multiple features , include Mack & Rita starring Diane Keaton , Shriver , The Re-Education of Molly Singer , and the leading role in the musical drama Mother of All Shows .
Personal life
Malick has been married twice : from 1982 to 1989 to actor and screenwriter Mitch Glazer , and since 1995 to Richard Erickson . The couple live in Topanga , California in the Santa Monica Mountains where they have three dogs , two horses , and a cat . Malick is a pescetarian . She donates to Democratic political candidates , organizations , and causes .
Filmography
Film
Television
Video games
Awards and nominations
References
External links
1950 births
Living people
Actresses from Buffalo , New York
American female models
American film actresses
American people of Arab descent
American people of Coptic descent
American people of Egyptian descent
American people of English descent
American people of French descent
American people of German descent
American television actresses
American voice actresses
American animal rights activists
California Democrats
Ohio Wesleyan University alumni
People from Topanga , California
William Esper Studio alumni
20th-century American actresses
21st-century American actresses
The 1984-85 French Rugby Union Championship was won by Toulouse that beat Toulon in the final .
Formula
The 40 clubs were divided in four pools of ten .
The two best team in each pool were admitted directly into `` last 16 '' , while the teams classified from 3rd to 6th played a barrage .
Qualification round
The teams are listed as the ranking , in bold the teams admitted directly to `` last 16 '' round .
Knockout stages
Barrage
In bold the clubs qualified for the next round
`` Last 16 ''
In bold the clubs qualified for the next round
Quarter of finals
In bold the clubs qualified for the next round
Semifinals
Final
It was the first Bouclier de Brennus won by Toulouse from 1947 ,
External links
Compte rendu finale de 1985 lnr.fr
1985
France 1985
Championship
is a railway station on the Jōhana Line in city of Nanto , Toyama , Japan , operated by West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) .
Lines
Fukuno Station is a station on the Jōhana Line , and is located 19.4 kilometers from the end of the line at .
Layout
The station has a two opposed ground-level side platforms serving one two tracks , connected to the wooden station building by a wooden footbridge . The station has a Midori no Madoguchi staffed ticket office .
Platforms
Adjacent stations
History
The station opened on 4 May 1897 . With the privatization of Japanese National Railways ( JNR ) on 1 April 1987 , the station came under the control of JR West .
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2015 , the station was used by an average of 734 passengers daily ( boarding passengers only ) .
Surrounding area
Nanto City Hall
Fukuno Junior High School
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
Railway stations in Toyama Prefecture
Stations of West Japan Railway Company
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1897
Jōhana Line
Nanto , Toyama
Bernd Posselt ( born 4 June 1956 ) is a German politician , who served as a Member of the European Parliament from 1994 to 2014 , representing the Christian Social Union in Bavaria ( CSU ) and the European People 's Party ( EPP ) . He is currently a member of the executive board of the CSU .
Personal and professional background
Posselt was born in Pforzheim , Baden-Württemberg as a son of expellees . He was a Member of the European Parliament from 1994 to 2014 . In 1998 he became president of the Paneuropa-Union Deutschland , the German branch of the International Paneuropean Union .
Political and community activities
Posselt is the leading German advocate of the rights of those Germans whose ancestors lived in the Sudetenland area of Bohemia as well as Moravia and who were expelled by the Potsdam conference and the governments in Central and Eastern Europe after the Second World War . His main goal - and the principal aim of the Sudetendeutsche Landsmannschaft that he has led since 2000 - is to revoke the so-called Beneš decrees , as well as other acts of the post-war expulsions that were meant to punish the German population in the Sudetenland as a whole for its prevailing support of Nazism .
Posselt is respected in the Sudeten German community and in his home state of Bavaria . The conservative Bavarian government has often supported the Sudeten German community , and was among those demanding that the Czech Republic should repeal the Beneš decrees before being allowed into European Union .
References
External links
Official website
1956 births
Living people
Politicians from Munich
MEPs for Germany 2004–2009
Christian Social Union in Bavaria MEPs
MEPs for Germany 1999–2004
MEPs for Germany 2009–2014
Recipients of the Cross of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany
Tom Clancy 's Rainbow Six 3 : Raven Shield is a 2003 video game developed and published by Ubisoft . Released on March 18 , 2003 , the Rainbow Six video game series is based on Tom Clancy 's novel of the same name .
Based on the Unreal Engine 2.0 , Raven Shield is a tactical shooter with realistic properties . Raven Shield moved toward mainstream first-person shooters like Counter-Strike , adapting various features absent in previous versions . These included the ability to see one 's weapon while in the first-person view , many new weapons and upgrades ( including larger magazines and sights ) , and a redesigned multiplayer .
A console version , entitled Rainbow Six 3 , was developed for the Xbox , PlayStation 2 , and Nintendo GameCube . This iteration of the game features the same basic engine , models , textures , and artwork , but with significantly different game mechanics , gameplay , and storyline . A port was also released on Mac OS X on December 19 , 2003 . Due to the console version 's success on the Xbox and the popularity of its subscription-based online multiplayer service , Xbox Live , an Xbox-exclusive semi-sequel was released in 2004 titled Rainbow Six 3 : Black Arrow . The next full game in the Rainbow Six series , Rainbow Six : Lockdown , was released in 2005 .
Plot
In 1945 , two high-ranking members of the Nazi-sponsored Ustaše regime in the puppet Independent State of Croatia manage to escape the country with vast amounts of Croatian Holocaust-era loot , just before Allied troops move into Zagreb and Belgrade with the help of Partisan troops . Croatia ceases to exist as an independent state , and a new Yugoslavia is created by the Partisans . The two former Croatian officials are nowhere to be found .
Sixty years later , in 2005 , elite multinational counter-terrorism unit Rainbow finds itself investigating a series of attacks by neo-fascist terrorists against South American oil interests and European financial institutions . The squadron is enlisted to ascertain their location and find out who is ultimately behind these incidents .
Rainbow eventually traces the source of the attacks to Argentina , where Croatian-born billionaire businessman Nikola Gospić and far-right Argentine presidential candidate Alvaro Gutierrez are implicated . Rainbow learns that Gospić is an escaped Ustaše official , one of the two men shown escaping with Holocaust loot in the game 's opening cutscene . Dying of liver cancer , Gospić plans to leave the world one last legacy of hatred from World War II by using his vast wealth to resurrect global fascism . To this end , he has procured a large stockpile of chemical weapons , including VX nerve gas and blister gas .
Gospić , through his ownership of a meat-packing plant , attempts to contaminate large quantities of beef with VX before shipping it off to dozens of countries across the world . Rainbow foils this scheme by raiding the plant and confiscating the nerve agent before it is allowed to proliferate . Gospić then tries to attack Rio de Janeiro with a blister gas bomb hidden inside a float in the Festa Junina parade . Rainbow launches a final assault on Gospić 's operation , preventing the planned attack and killing Gospić himself in the process .
Afterward , John Clark interrogates the captured Gutierrez and learns the full details of the operation . Gospic 's plan was to first buy South American oilfields and then kill hundreds of thousands of people throughout the continent , creating an economic crisis and causing the price of the oilfields to plummet . He would then use the massive oil proceeds to finance a new international Fascist movement , which would then invade each of the former Yugoslav territories to create a new Greater Croatia under neo-fascist rule and to finally have his revenge against the Allies for destroying the Ustaše movement . Gutierrez admits that Gospić was financing his presidential campaign in exchange for political protection , referring to him as `` a raven picking the bones of an old war '' , and that he would shield the former Croatian official until his children were ready to fly . However , Gutierrez admits that since Gospić is now dead and he himself is going to jail , none of it matters anymore .
Expansions
Athena Sword ( 2004 )
Athena Sword is the first expansion for the PC version of Raven Shield . Athena Sword builds upon the original by adding eight new missions , five new multiplayer maps , three new multiplayer game modes , and seven new weapons . Athena Sword was developed by Ubisoft Milan and released on March 9 , 2004 . A Mac port was released on November 23 , 2004 . Athena Sword was packaged with the original game as Tom Clancy 's Rainbow Six 3 Gold Edition in 2004 .
Plot
In Raven Shield , Team Rainbow neutralized the terrorist threat and captured Gutierrez , but the threat is not over yet as there are still remnants of his terrorist group and Gutierrez can still control them although imprisoned . The remaining cell still has some chemical weapons , making them a very dangerous threat .
In 2007 , two years after the events of Raven Shield , the terrorist cell strikes at a castle in Milan , Italy and takes hostages , Team Rainbow is immediately brought onto the scene to deal with the threat . The terrorist hunt is then continued along the Adriatic and Mediterranean coast . The last terrorist action is to be set in Athens , Greece , where the remaining terrorists plan to launch a chemical attack . Team Rainbow launches the operation Athena Sword and manages to prevent the attack .
The final cutscene shows the prison guard who brings a newspaper to Gutierrez where he reads the news about a prevented terrorist attack in Greece . On the last page , he finds a small piece of paper with a message `` It 's over '' and with Clark 's signature . Two days later he is found hanged in his cell .
Iron Wrath ( 2005 )
Iron Wrath is the second expansion for the PC version of Raven Shield . It was in production for almost 2 years before Ubisoft decided to release it as a free download for FilePlanet subscribers on June 9 , 2005 . Developed by Ubisoft-Casablanca , this latest expansion features a 7-mission campaign in which Rainbow neutralizes a terrorist nuclear bomb threat , 3 classic missions , 8 new multiplayer maps , 6 new weapons , as well as 5 new multiplayer game modes . In October 2008 , the CD-key activation server was taken offline , suspending the multiplayer features of Iron Wrath .
Gold Edition and Complete
Rainbow Six 3 : Gold Edition and Rainbow Six 3 : Complete are compilation sets that both consist of Raven Shield and Athena Sword , with Complete also including Iron Wrath .
Console versions
Tom Clancy 's Rainbow Six 3
Tom Clancy 's Rainbow Six 3 was initially ported to Microsoft 's Xbox console to take advantage of the Xbox Live online functionality . The Xbox version was developed by Ubisoft Montreal . The game was later ported to the PlayStation 2 and Nintendo GameCube in early 2004 by developer Ubisoft Shanghai . The Nintendo GameCube version does not take advantage of the Gamecube 's online capabilities and is therefore limited to two players for local multiplayer . Although both games are titled Rainbow Six 3 , this version is not subtitled Raven Shield and contains somewhat different content . For instance , the multiplayer maps in the console and PC versions are different , with some appearing only in the console versions , others in the PC version .
The Xbox version of the game features downloadable content in the form of additional levels for users with access to the Xbox Live service . All of the expansion levels are intended for use in the online multiplayer mode .
Gameplay
The gameplay in the console version of Rainbow Six 3 deviates from its PC counterpart in a number of important areas , notably the exclusion of a mission planning stage and the inability to control multiple characters . Instead , players take the role of Rainbow field commander Ding Chavez and lead a single fireteam consisting of Eddie Price , Louis Loiselle , and Dieter Weber through each of the game 's missions . Orders can be issued to the teammates using either an in-game menu or through voice-commands via the Xbox Live headset . This , however , suffered from slight misunderstandings between similar phrases such as `` Open frag and clear '' and `` open flash and clear '' , and vice versa . To compensate for the decreased control players have over their squad , the squad AI has been improved , with squadmates being able to automatically duck behind objects or assume covering positions within an area . Each teammate has their own unique voice as opposed to generic voices in the PC version .
The action is also slightly more forgiving in the console version . Chavez and his teammates each have a life bar consisting of four units of health , which must be depleted before that Rainbow operative is incapacitated . In the console versions , it is possible for the player to sustain several bullet hits before dying .
Plot
Rainbow responds to a series of terrorist attacks against U.S. interests in South America , apparently being conducted by terrorists sponsored by Saudi Arabia . However , the true mastermind behind the attacks is actually the newly elected President of Venezuela , Juan Crespo . Crespo managed to get elected by advocating a strong anti-terror platform and exploiting the fear caused by the rise in terrorist incidents ( which he himself orchestrated ) . His plan is to discredit Saudi Arabia , then cut off the Venezuelan supply of oil to the United States , leading to a significant increase in the value of petroleum . He would then sell barrels of oil to the United States on the black market at highly inflated prices .
Rainbow prevents the Venezuelan President from carrying out his plans , ultimately assassinating Crespo himself . They subsequently arrange for the international media to credit the terrorists with causing his death .
Development
The Xbox version of Rainbow Six 3 was exhibited at Games Convention 2003 and E3 2003 . A poster in a level of the game contained a link to an unowned website , and subsequently the website was registered and filled with porn by a man who noticed that the URL was unregistered . Ubisoft released a statement saying that they refuse to buy the domain , stating that `` Ubisoft has a clear policy that under any circumstances it will not pay blackmail money to anyone . It was an honest oversight on our part not to register the 'made up ' URL . ''
Tom Clancy 's Rainbow Six 3 : Black Arrow
Developed by Ubisoft Milan , Black Arrow is a semi-sequel to the console version of Rainbow Six 3 . Still titled Tom Clancy 's Rainbow Six 3 , Black Arrow was developed and published by Ubisoft and released for the Xbox on August 5 , 2004 . Like Rainbow Six 3 , Black Arrow was created to take advantage of Microsoft 's popular Xbox Live online service . Along with two new online game modes ; Total Conquest , Retrieval and a new offline mode Lone Rush , changes were also implemented into Black Arrow from the original Rainbow Six 3 . A noticeable change was made to combat the unfair advantages of `` lean walking '' . This change still allows the player to lean but is unable to move until they return to the original standing straight posture .
Reception
By the end of 2003 , sales of Rainbow Six 3 had reached 1.3 million copies . The game sold 2.2 million copies by the end March 2004 .
Reception of the game ranged from positive to mixed . GameRankings and Metacritic gave it a score of 88.06 % and 86 out of 100 for the Xbox version ; 85.64 % and 83 out of 100 for the PC version ; 76.33 % for the first Mobile version of the game and 84.50 % for the second one ; 72.71 % and 70 out of 100 for the PlayStation 2 version ; and 68.35 % and 68 out of 100 for the GameCube version .
IGN gave the PC version an 8.6 out of 10 , saying , `` Not only does it continue the series ' tradition of intense realism and the unforgiving consequences of close-quarters combat , it does it better than any of the previous titles in the series . '' GameSpot said : `` Despite its minor flaws , Raven Shield is still a very impressive addition to the series and a very worthy heir to the Rainbow Six name , '' and gave the same version an 8.7 out of 10 . The publication later named it the best computer game of March 2003 . Famitsu gave the Xbox version a score of 8 , 7 , 8 , and 7 , combined for a score of 30 out of 40 ; Edge gave the same version a score of six out of ten and called it `` a stupefyingly linear experience . While the individual stand-offs and shoot-outs are exhilarating , the removal of any sense of choice or any requirement of tactical thought makes this more of a theme park ride than a military operation . ''
Computer Gaming World nominated Raven Shield for their 2003 `` Shooter of the Year '' award , which ultimately went to Call of Duty . GameSpot named its mobile version the best mobile game of July 2004 .
Athena Sword
The expansion pack Athena Sword was met with average reception , as GameRankings gave it a score of 71.09 % , while Metacritic gave it 72 out of 100 . It was nominated for GameSpots 2004 `` Best Expansion Pack '' award , which went to Rise of Nations : Thrones and Patriots .
Black Arrow
The Xbox-exclusive Black Arrow was met with positive reception ; GameRankings gave it a score of 84.69 % , while Metacritic gave it 84 out of 100 .
References
Notes
External links
( archived )
2003 video games
Cooperative video games
First-person shooters
Interactive Achievement Award winners
MacOS games
Microphone-controlled computer games
Mobile games
Multiplayer and single-player video games
Multiplayer online games
GameCube games
PlayStation 2 games
Tom Clancy games
03
Tactical shooter video games
Unreal Engine games
Ubisoft games
Video games with expansion packs
Video games scored by Bill Brown
Video games set in 2005
Video games set in 2006
Video games set in 2007
Video games set in Argentina
Video games set in Brazil
Video games set in Bulgaria
Video games set in the Cayman Islands
Video games set in Croatia
Video games set in Curaçao
Video games set in France
Video games set in Greece
Video games set in Italy
Video games set in London
Video games set in Monaco
Video games set in Montreal
Video games set in New Orleans
Video games set in Norway
Video games set in Poland
Video games set in Romania
Video games set in Russia
Video games set in San Francisco
Video games set in Switzerland
Video games set in Tunisia
Video games set in Ukraine
Video games set in the United Kingdom
Video games set in Venezuela
Video games developed in Canada
Video games developed in Italy
Video games developed in the United States
Windows games
Xbox games
de : Tom Clancy 's Rainbow Six # Rainbow Six 3 : Raven Shield
D.I.C.E . Award for Action Game of the Year winners
Yŏhaejin station is a railway station in greater Tanch'ŏn city , South Hamgyŏng province , North Korea . Located on the P'yŏngra Line of the Korean State Railway , it is also the starting point of the Kŭmgol Line . The station was opened in 1924 .
References
Railway stations in North Korea
1924 establishments in Korea
Railway stations opened in 1924
Do n't Dare to Dream , also known as Jealousy Incarnate ( ) , is a 2016 South Korean television series starring Gong Hyo-jin , Jo Jung-suk , Go Kyung-pyo , Lee Mi-sook , Park Ji-young , Lee Sung-jae and Seo Ji-hye . It aired every Wednesday and Thursday at 22:00 ( KST ) on SBS from August 24 to November 10 , 2016 , for 24 episodes .
Synopsis
Weather caster , Pyo Na-ri ( Gong Hyo-jin ) , and news anchor , Lee Hwa-shin ( Jo Jung-suk ) , are long-time colleagues at SBC broadcasting station . Na-ri has had a crush on Hwa-shin three years ago but things change when she meets the perfect man Go Jung-won ( Go Kyung-pyo ) , a chaebol heir and close friend of Hwa-shin .
Meanwhile , Sung-sook ( Lee Mi-sook ) and Ja-young ( Park Ji-young ) , who are rivals in both love and career , get entangled with Kim Rak ( Lee Sung-jae ) , a restaurant owner and landlord of the building where Na-ri lives .
Cast
Main
Gong Hyo-jin as Pyo Na-ri
Na-ri is a weather broadcaster with an optimistic personality . Graduating from a third-rate college and having no money or connections , Na-ri is full of insecurities , but continues to persevere and work hard to keep her place at the station . She used to have a crush on Hwa-shin for 3 years .
Jo Jung-suk as Lee Hwa-shin
Hwa-shin is a star reporter and news anchor with a great education and family background . He has a proud , competitive and macho personality ; and gets jealous when Na-ri is with Jung-won as he starts developing feelings for her .
Go Kyung-pyo as Go Jung-won
A polite , friendly man who is serious when it comes to love . Jung-won is the boss of a publishing company , and a chaebol heir of a large corporation that manages several luxury clothing brands . He falls for Na-ri at first sight .
Lee Mi-sook as Kye Sung-sook
A reporter-turned-anchorwoman . Jong-shin 's first wife and Ppal-gang 's mother .
Park Ji-young as Bang Ja-young
Department head of SBC station and announcer . Jong-shin 's second wife .
Lee Sung-jae as Kim Rak
Chef and owner of a restaurant , and landlord to Nari and her family . A kind and caring man who cares for his tenants like family .
Seo Ji-hye as Hong Hye-won
The daughter of the Senior Secretary to the President for Public Affairs and a news anchor for the 7PM news . She 's intelligent and capable in her career . However , in her 29 years of life , she has n't had one ordeal to deal with and she does n't believe people are equal , making her self-conceited and has a mingled reputation .
Supporting
Crazy 18
Moon Ga-young as Lee Ppal-gang
Kim Jung-hyun as Pyo Chi-yeol , Na-ri 's brother
Ahn Woo-yeon as Oh Dae-goo
People around Hwa Shin
Park Jung-soo as Hwa-shin 's mother
Yoon Da-hoon as Lee Jong-shin , Hwa-shin 's brother and Ppal-gang 's father
People around Jung Won
Choi Hwa-jung as Kim Tae-ra , Jung-won 's mother and Kim Rak 's sister
Park Sung-hoon as Secretary Cha
People at SBC broadcasting company
Kwon Hae-hyo as Oh Jong-hwan
Jung Sang-hoon as Choi Dong-ki
Yoo Jae-myung as Uhm Ki-dae
Park Hwan-hee as Keum Soo-jung
Park Eun-ji as Park Jin
Seo Yu-ri as Hong Ji-min
Kim Ye-won as Na Joo-hee
Jun Ji-an as Im Soo-mi
Yoo Jung-rae as Kan Mi-young
Lee Chae-won as Yang Sung-sook
Park Seo-young as Jang Hee-soo
Sung Chang-hoon as New agency staff
Lee Myung-haeng at 7 o'clock news anchors
People at Rak Villa
Seo Eun-soo as Ri Hong-dan , Na-ri and Chi-yeol 's stepmother
Sul Woo-hyung as Pyo Bum , Na-ri 's step brother
Suh Hyun-suk as Lee Seung-han
People at Sun Hospital
Bae Hae-sun as Keum Suk-ho , Oncologist
Park Jin-joo as Nurse Oh Jin-joo
Extended
Min Jung-sub
Song Ha-rim as School office clerk who attended the festival
Yeo Un-bok as surgeon
Choi Kyu-sik as Taxi driver
Lee Do-yeob
Jang Hae-min
Lee Yoon-sang as Executive Officer of Yonee Group 's hotel
Kwan Eun-soo
Special appearances
BamBam as Guy in Thailand nightclub ( Ep . 1 )
Vivian Cha as Guy 's girlfriend ( Ep . 1 )
Yoo Jae-myung as news anchor
Lee Jung-eun as Orthopaedist
Oh Se-deuk as Chinese restaurant chef
Jung Kyung-sun as Pyo Na-ri 's mother
Han Ji-min as Han Ji-min , Hwa-shin 's blind date ( Ep . 11 )
Kim Kyung-ran as announcer open recruitment judge ( Ep . 14 )
Ahn Hye-kyung as announcer applicant ( Ep . 14 )
Jun Hyun-moo as announcer applicant ( SBS announcer ) ( Ep . 14 )
Oh Jung-yeon as announcer applicant ( Ep . 14 )
Kim Yoon-sang as announcer applicant ( SBS announcer ) ( Ep . 14 )
Lee Sun-kyun Na-ri 's blind date ( Voice ) ( Ep . 15 )
Ko Sung-hee as Hong Soo-young , Hwa-shin and Jung-won 's first love ( Ep . 17 )
Broadcast rights bidding
KBS 2TV and SBS both expressed interest in broadcast rights for Do n't Dare to Dream . When the casting was first announced in February 2016 , the drama was then in talks to air on KBS 2TV , but SBS decided to join the bidding war . In April 2016 , it was announced that SBS won the drama 's broadcast rights .
Original soundtrack
Charted songs
Ratings
In the table below , the blue numbers represent the lowest ratings and the red numbers represent the highest ratings .
NR denotes that the drama did not rank in the top 20 daily programs on that date .
Awards and nominations
Miscelleanous
The show has been analyzed as `` a case study of the application of the Tie-Up Theory to a romantic narrative as a form of simulation of human mating processes with social cognition valence '' .
References
External links
Seoul Broadcasting System television dramas
2016 South Korean television series debuts
2016 South Korean television series endings
South Korean romantic comedy television series
Television series about television
Television series about journalism
Television series about cancer
Television series by SM C & C
Television shows written by Seo Sook-hyang
The Central Union of Workers ( CUT ; ) is a Leftist trade union center in Colombia . It was formed in 1986 , and is the country 's largest union federation , with 546,000 members .
ICTUR reports that nearly 800 members of CUT were murdered between 1987 and 1992 .
In 2000 a past president of CUT , Luis Eduardo Garzón was awarded the AFL–CIO human rights award .
References
Trade unions in Colombia
Trade unions established in 1986
1986 establishments in Colombia
Renneke is a German surname .
Geographical distribution
As of 2014 , 68.9 % of all known bearers of the surname Renneke were residents of Germany ( frequency 1:127,347 ) and 29.3 % of the United States ( 1:1,347,953 ) .
In Germany , the frequency of the surname was higher than national average ( 1:127,347 ) in the following states :
1 . North Rhine-Westphalia ( 1:32,077 )
2 . Hamburg ( 1:63,039 )
People
Earl Renneke ( 1928–2021 ) , American politician
Bashkim Renneke ( born 1992 ) , German-Albanian professional footballer
References
German-language surnames
Surnames of German origin
Yankele Hershkowitz was a street singer during the Holocaust in the Łódź Ghetto .
References
Jewish singers
Łódź Ghetto inmates
A prize-linked savings account or PLSA ( also called a lottery-linked deposit account ) is a savings account where some of the interest payment on bank deposits or marketing dollars are distributed as prizes based on chance . They are attractive to consumers as they function both as a sweepstakes or game of chance ( as there is a chance of a large prize ) and as savings vehicle ( the deposit is never lost , unlike normal lotteries ) . PLSAs are similar to lottery bonds except they are offered by banks , credit unions , prepaid card companies , and financial technology companies , and can be held for a period of time determined by the consumer . Sometimes the returns are in-kind prizes rather than cash .
PLSAs have attracted customers who were previously familiar with only raffles or lotteries , but were interested in receiving guaranteed saving security as well as an attractive incentive in the form of lotteries .
United States
The PLSA program in Michigan , USA , `` Save to Win '' , was introduced in 2009 as a full scale demonstration by Commonwealth ( formerly D2D Fund Inc. ) , Filene Research Institute , and the Michigan Credit Union League following research by Peter Tufano from Harvard Business School , who co-founded Commonwealth in 2001 . During this research , 56 % of the participants were non-savers before the program .
PLSAs have been the source of some controversy as some state-run lottery boards have claimed that PLSAs infringe upon their rights , although as time progresses we are seeing more and more states working with institutions to roll out this financial vehicle .
The American Savings Promotion Act was signed into law in 2014 , opening the door for all financial institutions to be included in state-level legislation . As of 2018 , 33 states had passed legislation or taken legal action to ensure banks and credit unions ( or in some states , only credit unions ) can offer savings promotion raffles .
Prize-linked savings accounts have the potential to help combat low rates of savings among Americans . They offer more incentive than a traditional savings account as an individual may be discoursed earning a low rate of return in a standard savings account . US families that play the lottery all tend to spend roughly the same amount regardless of economic status . Because of this , those falling in the low end of the economic distribution have the potential to see true growth of personal savings through the use of a PSLA .
Credit unions
Examples of prize-linked savings in the credit union space include :
Big Prize Savings ( California )
Bucks for Buckeyes ( Ohio )
Lucky Savers ( New York )
Lucky Lagniappe ( Louisiana )
Neighborhood Credit Union ( Texas )
Save to Win ( Connecticut , Illinois , Indiana , Kansas , Michigan , Missouri , Nebraska , North Carolina , Oregon , South Carolina , Washington )
Saver 's Sweepstakes ( Wisconsin )
WINcentive Savings ( Delaware , Massachusetts , Minnesota )
Save to Win ( from the Michigan Credit Union League ) and WINcentive ( operated by the Minnesota Credit Union Network ) are the two largest credit union PLS products . Both operate as multi-institution models meaning multiple credit unions can offer the product and share the prize pool .
Banks
Examples of prize-linked savings in banks include :
FirstPrize from First County Bank in Connecticut
Jackpot Savings from Blue Ridge Bank in Virginia
Lucky Piggy Savings from BankFive in Massachusetts
Win-Win CD from Community Bank offered in Idaho , Oregon , and Washington state
Direct to consumer
Examples of prize-linked savings in direct-to-consumer financial technology applications include PrizePool , Flourish Savings , Yotta , Long Game , WinWin , and Grand .
Prize Savings was launched in 2016 on the Walmart MoneyCard ( a reloadable prepaid debit card ) in partnership with Commonwealth and Green Dot Bank . Each dollar saved in a cardholder 's Vault ( savings pocket ) earns an entry into monthly drawings for one of 999 prizes of $ 25 or one $ 1,000 grand prize . Every Vault user is automatically entered to participate . In the first year alone , over 200,000 people have used the MoneyCard Vault and saved over $ 500 million . Two years after the launch of the Vault and Prize Savings , customers had moved $ 2 billion through the MoneyCard Vault , their savings increased by 35 % on average , and there was a 274 % increase in usage .
Around the world
Prize-linked savings accounts have been offered in Argentina , Brazil , Colombia , Germany , Indonesia , Iran , Japan , Mexico , Oman , Pakistan , Spain , South Africa , Sri Lanka , Turkey , United Arab Emirates and Venezuela . In South Africa , the First National Bank created a program called the Million a Month Account ( MAMA ) , aimed at increasing savings accounts among unbanked people . It was later closed after the state-run lottery sued them for infringing upon their monopoly .
In Iran , PLSAs are the most common form of savings account available to the public , as they are viewed to be in compliance with Islamic law which forbids one to earn guaranteed interest on assets . See Islamic banking .
Economics of prize linked savings
The success of the prize linked savings account can be attributed to several concepts studied in the field of behavioral economics . One such concept is the availability heuristic . Essentially people are likely to associate and have faith in things which readily come to mind , such as winning a lottery , as lottery winners are prevalent in media . Another behavioral economic concept which contributes to the success of prize linked savings is the sunk cost fallacy . This is displayed in prize linked savings as people who use these accounts will often save an increasing amount of money to up their odds in winning the prize , regardless of how small the odds are . The misunderstanding of small probabilities also can be attributed to the success of prize linked savings as it is nearly impossible for any individual to fathom odds in the millions as our day-to-day lives deal with quantities going no higher than a few thousand . The demand for prize linked savings accounts is seen to be highest amongst those with relatively low savings . This group of individuals is also more prone to gambling so Prize-Linked savings accounts have more potential to induce savings in this population . Skewness also plays into the appeal of PLSAs as it is essentially the idea that there is some chance to win a big prize with possible odds that could be realized ( although they are small ) .
Institutional appeal of prize linked savings
Prize linked savings account have several appeals to financial institutions which other savings and investment vehicles do not offer . PLSAs are not very complex in their investment strategy and typically go for risk-averse vehicles so they often require less effort and maintenance on behalf of the institution . They offer the consumer transparency and legitimacy as the institution can consistently offer the same prize through the adjustment of odds in relation to the amount of interest being made on the collective fund . Finally , PLSAs can maximize the liquidity of their consumers by denying those who frequently make withdrawals eligibility to win prizes .
See also
Premium Bond
References
External links
No-Lose Lottery from Freakonomics
`` How to Trick People Into Saving Money '' , The Atlantic , May 2017
`` SaveUp $ 2 Million Jackpot Rewards Saving , Debt-Paying '' , Huffington Post , May 2012
Bank account
The 2016 V.League 2 ( referred to as Kienlongbank V.League 2 for sponsorship reasons ) was the 22nd season of V.League 2 , Vietnam 's second tier professional football league , which began on 9 April 2016 and ended on 20 August 2016 .
Changes from last season
Team changes
The following teams had changed division since the 2015 season .
To V.League 2
Promoted from Vietnamese Second League
Cà Mau
Fico Tây Ninh
Viettel
Relegated from V.League 1
Đồng Nai
From V.League 2
Relegated to Vietnamese Second League
Công An Nhân DânPromoted to V.League 1
Hà Nội ( Sài Gòn )
Rule changes
In season 2016 , clubs finishing second , third and fourth will play play-off matches for a place in the 2016 V.League 1 play-off match with the 13th-placed of 2016 V.League 1 .
Teams
Stadiums and locations
Personnel and kits
League table
Results
Play-off match
Play-off I match
The team which finish 3rd faced the team which finish 4th . The winner earned entry into the play-off II match .
Nam Định advanced to Play-off II match .
Play-off II match
The team which finish 2nd faced the winner of play-off I match . The winner earned entry into the play-off match with the 13th-placed team of 2016 V.League 1
Viettel advanced to Play-off match with V.League 1 team .
Positions by round
Season statistics
Top scorers
Own goals
Hattrick
See also
2016 V.League 1
2016 Vietnamese National Football Second League
2016 Vietnamese National Football Third League
References
External links
Official Page
Second level Vietnamese football league seasons
2
Viet
Viet
Taboo ! is the 3rd studio album ( in the U.S ) by singer/songwriter Jonny Blu , released in the United States on 6 October 2009 by Peer Music and Dao Feng Music . It is a compilation of classic Latin Standards from the Peer Music catalog .
Track listing
`` Taboo '' ( `` Tabú '' ) – 3:12
`` Be True to Me '' ( `` Sabor A Mí '' ) – 3:02
`` Frenesí '' – 2:25
`` Perhaps Perhaps Perhaps '' ( `` Quizas quizas quizas '' ) – 2:42
`` Say No More '' ( `` Mais que Nada '' ) – 4:20
`` Adiós '' – 3:54
`` Bésame Mucho '' – 3:14
`` Time Was '' ( `` Duerme '' ) – 2:24
`` Babaloo '' ( `` Babalú '' ) – 2:31
`` Amor '' – 3:48
`` Sabor A Mí '' ( en Español ) – 3:02
`` Bésame Mucho ( en Español ) '' – 3:14
`` Perhaps Perhaps Perhaps '' ( Duet with Juanita Rosa ) – 2:43
Also contains full instrumentals for the first ten songs
Personnel
Musicians
Jonny Blu – vocals
Bob Malone – piano , music arrangements
John Chiodini – guitar , 12-string guitar
Chris Conner – bass
Lee Thornburg – trumpet
Nick Lanel – trombone
Doug Webb – saxophone , woodwind , clarinet , flute
Jimmy Paxson – drums , percussion
John Acosta – cello
Candy Girard – violin
Sai-Ly – violin
Alex Shlifer – violin
Tom Tally – violin
Todd Herfindal – percussion
Brady L. Benton – percussion
Bob Malone – orchestra leader
Production
Todd Herfindal – producer , engineer , mixing
Louis White – producer , engineer , mixing
Bob Malone – arranger , producer
Brady L. Benton – producer
Jonny Blu – producer
Stephen Marsh – mixing , mastering
Yvonne Gomez – executive producer for Peer-Southern Productions , Inc./Peer Music
Kathy Spanberger – executive producer for Peer-Southern Productions , Inc/Peer Music
Paul Gonzales – artwork , album package design
Rebecca Sapp – front cover photography
Gisela Prishker – inside and back cover photography
2009 albums
Jonny Blu albums
Birds described in 1860 include glittering kingfisher , northern cassowary , white-throated whistler , Knysna warbler , orange-breasted fruiteater , snowy-throated kingbird , Ecuadorian piedtail , azure dollarbird ,
George Newbold Lawrence , Spencer Fullerton Baird and John Cassin , co-author Birds of North America
Jacob Henry Studer begins studying the birds of Ohio .
1860 Oxford evolution debate
Alfred Brehm undertakes an expedition to Norway and Lapland
Johann Jakob von Tschudi publishes Reise durch die Andes von Südamerika
Expeditions
1857–1860 SMS Novara Ornithology directed by Johann Zelebor .
Ongoing events
John Gould The birds of Australia ; Supplement 1851–69 . 1 vol . 81 plates ; Artists : J. Gould and H. C. Richter ; Lithographer : H. C. Richter
John Gould The birds of Asia ; 1850-83 7 vols . 530 plates , Artists : J. Gould , H. C. Richter , W. Hart and J. Wolf ; Lithographers : H. C. Richter and W. Hart
The Ibis
References
Bird
Birding and ornithology by year
The 1905 Baylor football team was an American football team that represented Baylor University as an independent during the 1905 college football season . In its first season under head coach Archie R. Webb , the team compiled a 1–6 record and was outscored by a total of 159 to 20 .
Beginning in 1905 , the team 's home games were played at Carroll Field , between the Carroll Science Building and Waco Creek .
Schedule
Season summary
Nov. 30 vs. TCU
`` The game [ that ] decided the local championship and was witnessed by the largest crowd ever seen on Carroll field '' began with a first half that `` was the most spectacular ever played on a local gridiron . '' In that twenty-minute first half , each team 's defense held the other 's offense scoreless . The game began with TCU receiving the kickoff and advanced from their 20-yard line to Baylor 's 15 when the latter recovered a fumble . Baylor 's own drive advanced to TCU 's 40-yard line , but likewise fumbled . TCU 's next possession brought them to the Baylor 2 , but they could n't convert and Baylor got a turnover on downs . Baylor also could not convert and TCU got the ball forty yards back by a punt , but returned it to the Baylor 5 before fumbling again ; Baylor again had to punt , as did TCU , and the half ended scoreless . In the 30-minute second half , TCU scored three touchdowns and made the first and third tries , for seventeen points , while Baylor struggled on defense and offense .
References
Baylor
Baylor Bears football seasons
Baylor football
Labrostochelys is an extinct genus of bothremydid pleurodiran turtle that was discovered in the Ouled Abdoun Basin , Morocco . The genus consists solely of type species L. galkini .
Discovery
Labrostochelys was discovered in the Ouled Abdoun Basin of Morocco , primarily known for its Maastrichtian and Paleocene fossils . It is known from a nearly complete skull .
References
Prehistoric turtle genera
Paleocene turtles
Fossils of Morocco
Bothremydidae
Paleocene life
Cretaceous Africa
Fossil taxa described in 2006
Monotypic turtle genera
The National Museum of Mauritania , also known as the National Museum of Nouakchott ( ) , is a national museum in Nouakchott , Mauritania . It is located to the southwest of the Hotel Mercure Marhaba , west of Hotel de Ville , northwest of Parc Deydouh , and northeast of the Mosque Ould Abas .
The museum has notable archaeological and ethnographical collections . It contains two galleries that showcase collections of sherds , arrowheads , and local costumes .
The museum building
The National Museum is housed in a two-storey building constructed in 1972 by the Chinese . The building also houses the Mauritanian Institute of Scientific Research , the Mauritanian Manuscripts Conservation Centre and the National Library of Mauritania . The museum consists of two permanent exhibition rooms and a temporary exhibition room .
The collections of the museum
The archaeological collections on the ground floor show Mousterian , Aterian and Neolithic artifacts as well as holdings from excavations carried out in several historic Mauritanian cities such as Koumbi Saleh , Aoudaghost , Tichit , Ouadane and Azougui .
The ethnographic collections on the first floor contain objects belonging to different cultures of the Mauritanian society .
Gallery
See also
List of museums in Mauritania
National Archives of Mauritania
References
Nouakchott
Museums in Mauritania
Mauritania
Bocage 's akalat ( Sheppardia bocagei ) is a species of bird in the family Muscicapidae . It is found in Angola , Cameroon , Democratic Republic of the Congo , Equatorial Guinea , Nigeria , Tanzania , and Zambia . Its natural habitats are boreal forests , subtropical or tropical dry forests , subtropical or tropical swamps , and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests .
The common name and Latin binomial commemorate the Portuguese naturalist José Vicente Barbosa du Bocage .
The short-tailed akalat ( S. poensis ) or Alexander 's akalat was formerly considered conspecific , but was split as a distinct species by the IOC in 2021 . This species ' name commemorates Boyd Alexander , an English ornithologist .
References
Bocage 's akalat
Birds of Southern Africa
Bocage 's akalat
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Tikhon of Kaluga ( died 16 June 1492 ) was a Russian abbot and saint . He grew up in Moscow and became a monk as a young man . He then moved to a forest near Medin in Kaluga , living in the hollow of an oak tree . It was on that spot that he founded ( and became the first abbot of ) a monastery , dedicated to the Dormition of the Mother of God ( and then to Tikhon himself after his death ) .
External links
Orthodox America - Tikhon of Kaluga
1492 deaths
Russian saints
Russian abbots
Year of birth unknown
Events in the year 1226 in Norway .
Incumbents
Monarch : Haakon IV Haakonsson
Events
Arts and literature
Births
Deaths
Sigurd Ribbung , nobleman and pretender to the throne ( born 1203 ) .
References
Norway
Sergei Nikolayevich Nikulin ( ; born 1 January 1951 ) is a former Soviet football player and a current Russian coach .
Honours
Soviet Top League winner : 1976 ( spring ) .
Soviet Cup winner : 1977 , 1984 .
Olympic bronze : 1980 .
International career
Nikulin made his debut for USSR on 30 October 1974 in a UEFA Euro 1976 qualifier against Ireland . He did not play for the national team again until 1979 , when he played in a UEFA Euro 1980 qualifier .
External links
Profile
1951 births
Sportspeople from Dushanbe
Living people
Soviet footballers
Soviet Union international footballers
Soviet Top League players
FC Dynamo Moscow players
Olympic footballers of the Soviet Union
Olympic bronze medalists for the Soviet Union
Footballers at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Olympic medalists in football
Tajikistani people of Russian descent
Medalists at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Association football defenders
Germany has experienced significant terrorism in its history , particularly during the Weimar Republic and during the Cold War , carried out by far-left and far-right German groups as well as by foreign terrorist organisations .
In recent years , far-left , far-right and Islamist extremist violence have resurged , and groups have been suspected of terrorism or terrorist plans .
Weimar Republic
Germany 's loss in the First World War resulted in a chaotic situation , with multiple far-left and far-right organisations attempting to seize power . Both the far left and the far right organised their own militias , and carried out assassinations . For example , the Foreign Minister Walther Rathenau was assassinated in 1922 by a far-right group . Members of the Communist Party of Germany assassinated police captains Paul Anlauf and Franz Lenck in Berlin in 1931 .
Terrorism in Germany
Turkish and Kurdish Islamist groups are also active in Germany , and Turkish and Kurdish Islamists have co-operated in Germany as in the case of the Sauerland terror cell . Political scientist Guido Steinberg stated that many top leaders of Islamist organizations in Turkey fled to Germany in the 2000s , and that the Turkish ( Kurdish ) Hezbollah has also `` left an imprint on Turkish Kurds in Germany . '' Also many Kurds from Iraq ( there are about 50,000 to 80,000 Iraqi Kurds in Germany ) financially supported Kurdish-Islamist groups like Ansar al-Islam . Many Islamists in Germany are ethnic Kurds ( Iraqi and Turkish Kurds ) or Turks . Before 2006 , the German Islamist scene was dominated by Iraqi Kurds and Palestinians , but since 2006 Kurds from Turkey and Turks are dominant .
According to research conducted by the Abba Eban Institute as part of an initiative called Janus Initiative , Shiite clans in Germany are involved in organized crime and are specifically supporting Hezbollah .
Since 2010 , 15 people have died in Islamic terrorist attacks in Germany and an additional 74 have been injured . There are also a number of violent incidents which are disputed to either have been conducted by Lone-wolf Islamic terrorists or by mentally ill people .
In 2015 , 11 verdicts concerning jihadist terrorism related offences were issued by German courts . In 2016 , 28 verdicts for jihadist terrorism related offences were delivered . In 2017 there were 27 verdicts .
Almost all known terrorist networks and individuals in Germany have links to Salafism , an ultra-conservative Islamic ideology .
Terrorism in ( or involving ) West Germany and reunified Germany
During the Cold War , especially in the 1970s , West Germany experienced severe terrorism , mostly perpetrated by far-left terrorist groups and culminating in the German Autumn of 1977 , the country 's most serious national crisis in postwar history . Terrorist incidents also took place in the 1980s and 1990s . Some of the terrorist groups had connections to international terrorism , notably Palestinian militant groups , and were aided and abetted by the communist regime of East Germany .
Islamic terrorism
Thwarted islamist terror attacks
In December 2019 , German authorities reported to have thwarted ten Islamic terrorist plots since the 2016 Berlin truck attack . Among these :
2006 German train bombing plot
2007 bomb plot in Germany
2015 Eschborn-Frankfurt City Loop
2016 Düsseldorf terrorism plot
2016 Chemnitz terrorism plot
2016 Ludwigshafen terrorism plot
2018 Cologne terrorist plot
List of international terrorist incidents ( outside Germany ) with significant German casualties
Eleven German nationals died as a result of the 11 September attacks in The United States on 11 September 2001 .
Six German nationals died as a result of the bombing of several Balinese tourist clubs in Indonesia on 12 October 2002 .
Fourteen German nationals died as a result of the bombing of a synagogue on the island of Djerba in Tunisia on 11 April 2002 .
12 out of 13 tourists killed in the January 2016 Istanbul bombing were German , while another six were injured .
Response to terrorism
The terrorism of the 1970s has formed Germany 's political culture and its policy of not negotiating with terrorists . It also led to the formation of the GSG9 counter-terrorism unit . In 1972 , a law was passed , the Extremist Act ( Radikalenerlass ) , which banned radicals or those with a 'questionable ' political persuasion from public sector jobs .
In 2019 the Federal Criminal Police Office created a department dedicated towards Islamic terrorism and extremism .
Traditionally counter-terrorist organisations in Germany have been slower to respond to extreme right-wing groups than extreme left-wing ones . It has been suggested that this is due to the extreme right being seen as corrigible ( fighting for attainable , tangible goals that can be negotiated ) while the extreme left are regarded as incorrigible ( fighting for ideological goals that are `` pure '' and can not be negotiated ) . Thus because the extreme left are seen as targeting the heart of the German political system while the extreme right is not , this tends to result in a reduced response to extreme right-wing terrorism . In addition , far-right terrorism was at times dubiously regarded as a form of terrorism by the security services , as it did not seem to have self-explanatory political statements nor were any official announcements made by far-right groups explaining the act ; for example , a house burning of Turkish immigrants was initially blamed on organised crime and was only later determined to have been perpetrated by extreme right-wing groups , leading officials to doubt it was a form of terrorism as it did not seem to have any broader political goals beyond the killing itself .
In popular culture
A number of books and films address this topic .
Films
Brandstifter ( Arsonists ) ( 1969 )
The Lost Honor of Katharina Blum ( 1975 )
Germany in Autumn ( 1978 )
The Third Generation ( 1979 )
The German Sisters ( 1981 )
Stammheim ( 1986 )
Die Hard ( 1988 )
Die Hard With A Vengeance ( 1995 )
( 1997 )
The State I Am In ( 2000 )
The Legend of Rita ( 2000 )
Black Box BRD ( 2001 )
Baader ( 2002 )
Enemy of the State ( 2003 )
In Love With Terror ( 2003 )
Munich ( 2005 )
The Baader Meinhof Complex ( 2008 )
Children of the Revolution ( 2010 )
A Most Wanted Man ( 2014 )
NSU German History X ( 2016 )
See also
Right-wing terrorism in Germany
Terrorism in the European Union
NSU murders
List of massacres in Germany
References
German Jihad : On the Internationalisation of Islamist Terrorism by Guido Steinberg . Columbia University Press , 2013
Further reading
Barbara Manthe ( 2018 ) On the Pathway to Violence : West German Right-Wing Terrorism in the 1970s , Terrorism and Political Violence .
Germany
Human rights abuses in Germany
Harmon is a census-designated place ( CDP ) and unincorporated community in Morton County , North Dakota , United States near North Dakota Highway 1806 . It is ten miles north of Mandan and is within Mandan Public Schools district . The nearby eponymous Harmon Lake Recreation Area also uses a Mandan address .
The town was 'sited ' on July 23 , 1913 by Willis T. McConnell and named for two bachelor brothers , George and H.H . Harmon . The town went into decline during the Depression in the 1930s and virtually disappeared . The original cemetery is still in use . On Jan. 15 , 1951 , two Northern Pacific freight trains collided outside of town . The town has repopulated in the 20th century .
Harmon 's population was 259 as of the 2020 census , the year in which it became a CDP .
References
Census-designated places in Morton County , North Dakota
Census-designated places in North Dakota
Unincorporated communities in North Dakota
Unincorporated communities in Morton County , North Dakota
Thompson & Odell ( ca.1874 – ca.1905 ) of Boston , Massachusetts , published music and repaired and manufactured musical instruments . Musicians Charles W. Thompson and Ira H. Odell ran the business . They kept a shop on Tremont Street and later on Washington Street . Towards 1900 `` Carl Fischer purchased their catalogs of fretted instrument , band and orchestra music . ... About 1905 the Vega Company took over their manufacturing interests . ''
References
Images
External links
1870s establishments in Massachusetts
19th century in Boston
20th century in Boston
Economic history of Boston
Music publishing companies of the United States
1900s disestablishments in Massachusetts
Musical instrument manufacturing companies based in Boston
Defunct companies based in Massachusetts
Defunct mass media in Boston
Princess Myat Phaya ( ; born in Madras at 7 March 1886 – 21 July 1962 ) , was a Burmese royal princess and senior member of the Royal House of Konbaung . She is the third daughter of the last ruling king of Burma , King Thibaw and his queen Supayalat .
Biography
Myat Phaya was born on 7 March 1886 at Madras , British India . She returned to Burma from Ratnagiri in 1915 . Later , she had served as Patron of the King Thibaw Funeral Committee in 1949 , and the association for Buddhism as the National Religion in 1958 .
Myat Phaya married her first husband , Prince Hteik Tin Kodawgyi , in 1921 and divorced him in 1930 . He is the son of Maung Maung Thaung , by his wife Princess ( Hteik Hteik Hkaung-tin ) Aye , the Princess of War Nwe Gone , daughter of Crown prince Kanaung Mintha . She gave birth to their only daughter , Phaya Rita , also known as Hteik Su Gyi Phaya , she married her cousin Taw Phaya , a son of the Princess Myat Phaya Galay .
Myat Phaya married her second husband , Mya U ( who died during the Japanese occupation ) , a lawyer on 25 June 1931 . She died from cancer on 21 July 1962 at her home in Maymyo .
Gallery
References
Konbaung dynasty
Pretenders to the Burmese throne
People from Chennai
1886 births
1962 deaths
Burmese people of World War II
Southern Tioga School District is a small , rural public school system located in northern Central Pennsylvania covering parts of Tioga County and Lycoming County . It encompasses . According to 2010 federal census data , it serves a resident population of 15,551 making it a third class school district . The district operates schools in Mansfield , Liberty , and Blossburg . It serves residents in : Covington Township , Rutland Township , Richmond Township , Liberty Township , Bloss Township , Sullivan Township , Ward Township , Morris Township , and Hamilton Township , as well as Roseville Borough and Putnam . In Lycoming County , Southern Tioga School District serves both : Jackson Township and Cogan House Township .
According to the Pennsylvania Budget and Policy Center , 40.6 % of the district 's pupils lived at 185 % or below the Federal Poverty Level as shown by their eligibility for the federal free or reduced price school meal programs in 2012 . In 2013 the Pennsylvania Department of Education , reported that less than 10 students in the Southern Tioga School District were homeless . In 2009 , Southern Tioga School District residents ' per capita income was $ 14,942 , while the median family income was $ 39,106 . In Tioga County , the median household income was $ 44,178 . By 2013 , the median household income in the United States rose to $ 52,100 . In 2014 , the median household income in the USA was $ 53,700 .
Southern Tioga School District operates : 2 high schools ( North Penn Mansfield Junior Senior High School and North Penn-Liberty High School ) grades 7-12 and 3 elementary schools ( ( Blossburg Elementary School , Liberty Elementary School and Warren Miller Elementary School ) grades kindergarten-6th grade . Students residing in the Southern Tioga School District may choose to attend the district 's myCyberCampus or one of the Commonwealth 's 13 public , cyber charter schools . Cogan House Elementary School closed in 1991 and in October 2013 , the school board voted to close Liberty Elementary School and North Penn Junior Senior High School effective with the 2014–15 school year , but rescinded the closure of Liberty Elementary in December of that year .
Extracurriculars
Southern Tioga School District offers an extensive program of after school clubs , arts programs and three times duplicated interscholastic athletics program .
Sports
The district funds athletics at each of its high schools .
Liberty High School :
Boys
Basketball - A
Soccer - A
Tennis - AA
Wrestling - AA
Girls
Basketball - AA
Softball - A
Girls ' Tennis - AA
Liberty Junior High School Sports
Boys
Basketball
Soccer
Tennis
Girls
Basketball
Softball
Tennis
According to PIAA directory July 2012
Mansfield Senior High School
Boys
Baseball - AA
Basketball - A
Cross Country - A
Golf - AA
Girls
Basketball - A
Cross Country - A
Golf - AA
Soccer - A
Softball - AA
Volleyball - AA
Mansfield Junior High School Sports
Boys
Basketball
Cross Country
Soccer
Wrestling
Girls
Basketball
Cross Country
Softball
Volleyball
References
External links
BLaST Intermediate Unit # 17
Northern Tier Regional Planning Work Force Development
Pennsylvania College of Technology
Mansfield University
Lycoming Career & Technology Center
Northern Tier Career Center
School districts in Tioga County , Pennsylvania
School districts in Lycoming County , Pennsylvania
Chen Junefi ( born 15 May 1992 ) is a Paralympian athlete from China competing mainly in T38 classification sprint events .
Chen represented her country at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London , where she won three medals ; a gold in the 100m sprint and silvers in both the 200m sprint and the women 's 4 x 100m relay ( T35-38 ) . As well as her Paralympic success Chen has won medals at both World Championships and the Asian Para Games , dominating her classification in the 2014 Asian Games in Incheon , where she took home four gold medals .
Personal history
Chen was born in China in 1992 . She has an impairment to her left hand . She lives in Hunan Province and received her higher education at Tianshui City Sports Institute . She is a professional athlete .
Notes
Paralympic athletes of China
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 2012 Summer Paralympics
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
Paralympic gold medalists for China
Paralympic silver medalists for China
Living people
1992 births
Medalists at the 2012 Summer Paralympics
Medalists at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
Chinese female sprinters
Paralympic medalists in athletics ( track and field )
Albert E. Carlton or Bert Carlton ( 20 February 1866 – 1931 ) was an investor in Colorado banks , mines and railroads . Based upon the success of his mines in Cripple Creek , he was known as `` King of Cripple Creek '' .
Early life and career
Albert E. Carlton was born on February 20 , 1866 , in Warren , Illinois , to H. M. Carlton , a merchant from Massachusetts . He attended Beloit College in Wisconsin . He accepted a clerk position in the mercantile trade after graduation . Carlton became ill with tuberculosis and came to Colorado in 1889 to improve his health . His health improved dramatically by 1891 .
Carlton was a dry goods store clerk in Colorado Springs . Latching on to the 1891 gold boom in Cripple Creek , Carlton started a freight hauling business from Colorado Midland at Divide with his brother , Leslie . The Colorado Trading and Transfer Company served the mining communities , and `` eventually gained control of much of the freight business '' serving the mining towns . Based upon the income from his freight business , Carlton invested in mines , banks and railroads .
He invested in the Colorado Midland Railroad to carry freight and in businesses in Cripple Creek .
King of Cripple Creek
He was named `` King of Cripple Creek '' due to the success of his mines there , including Cresson Mine , '' one of the most profitable mines in the town . '' He owned `` nearly every mine in Cripple Creek '' and became a millionaire by 1930 .
Carlton House
Carlton and his wife , Ethel Frizzell-Carlton , built the Carlton House in Pine Valley , Colorado Springs . Carlton purchased the property in 1928 from William A. Otis to build a home for his wife . Mrs. Carlton had become enamored of the Spanish Colonial Revival architecture during her travels across Southern California . Subsequently , architect Richard Requa was hired to design their home . The house was a `` leading social center in the region . '' He preferred to live at The Broadmoor resort and never lived at the Pine Valley home .
Death
Mr. Carlton died in 1931 .
See also
Tuberculosis treatment in Colorado Springs
Notes
References
1866 births
1931 deaths
American investors
Beloit College alumni
People from Warren , Illinois
People from Cripple Creek , Colorado
Roberto Policano ( born 19 February 1964 in Rome ) is an Italian former professional footballer who played as a midfielder or as a defender for several Italian clubs .
Honours
Club
Torino
Serie B ( 1 ) : 1989–90
Mitropa Cup ( 1 ) : 1991
Individual
Torino F.C . Hall of Fame : 2019
References
1964 births
Living people
Footballers from Rome
Italian footballers
Italy under-21 international footballers
Italian expatriate footballers
Association football midfielders
Serie A players
Serie B players
Latina Calcio 1932 players
Genoa C.F.C . players
A.S. Roma players
Torino F.C . players
S.S.C . Napoli players
Sliema Wanderers F.C . players
Thiago Raphael Castanho ( born February 8 , 1975 ) is a Brazilian guitarist , record producer , painter and sculptor , best known for being a founding member of alternative rock bands Charlie Brown Jr. , Aliados , A Banca and O Legado , and for his subsequent work with Ira ! and Capital Inicial .
Biography
Thiago Raphael Castanho was born in Santos , São Paulo on February 8 , 1975 , and would learn how to play the guitar with 13 years old , encouraged by a sister . Around 1988 he began performing in his first musical groups , meeting his future Charlie Brown Jr. bandmate André Pinguim through one of them . In 1992 he was invited by Chorão to join his project What 's Up , which would later evolve to become Charlie Brown Jr. ; Castanho took part on the recording of the band 's first three albums , with the final one , Nadando com os Tubarões ( 2000 ) , awarding them their first nomination to a Latin Grammy Award for Best Portuguese Language Rock or Alternative Album . However , Castanho was growing tired of Charlie Brown Jr. 's extensive touring schedule , and left them one year after the album 's release .
Following his departure from Charlie Brown Jr. , Castanho formed the band Aliados 13 ( later renamed to simply Aliados ) , with whom he recorded two albums : the self-titled Aliados 13 ( 2002 ) A Dose Certa ( 2004 ) ; he also founded his own recording studio , Digital Grooves , in Santos , and was invited to take part in band Ira ! 's Acústico MTV live album as a guest musician . Following a major re-shuffle on Charlie Brown Jr. 's line-up in 2005 , Castanho accepted an invitation to return to the band ; during his second tenure with them , he co-produced the album Ritmo , Ritual e Responsa alongside Chorão , and cameod as himself in the 2007 film , written and co-produced by Chorão . He remained with the band until 2013 , when it ended following Chorão 's death due to a cocaine overdose .
Soon afterwards , he and remaining Charlie Brown Jr. members Champignon , Marcão and Bruno Graveto teamed up with Lena Papini to form A Banca , described as a `` tribute act/spiritual successor '' to Charlie Brown Jr. ; they released a single , `` O Novo Passo '' , in August , before splitting up as well due to the suicide of Champignon one month later .
In 2014 he teamed up with former NX Zero vocalist Yuri Nishida to form O Legado ; they split up one year later due to Nishida 's other commitments . Around the same time Castanho was invited by Capital Inicial 's vocalist Dinho Ouro Preto to be a guest musician on their Acústico NYC DVD , recorded at a performance in New York City .
In late 2019 he was a guest musician on the song `` Nosso Lugar '' , by funk singer MC Kevin .
Outside of his musical career , Castanho is also a painter and a sculptor ; in 2013 he organized his first exhibition of sculptures in acrylic in São Paulo .
Controversies
On July 21 , 2013 , while travelling to Manaus for a performance with A Banca , an elderly woman accused Castanho of sexual harassment inside the airplane . After a discussion , the musician headed to the Federal Police to give his statement ; his bandmates later confirmed that he was n't arrested .
In 2019 he was a vehement critic of Charlie Brown Jr. 's return with guest vocalists , stating that `` the band ca n't exist without Chorão '' . However , when the band reunited once again in 2021 for a tour celebrating Chorão 's 50th birthday , Castanho agreed to return as guitarist . He parted ways alongside bandmate Marcão on October 25 , citing creative divergences with Chorão 's son Alexandre , the tour 's organizer .
Discography
Charlie Brown Jr .
( 1997 ) Transpiração Contínua Prolongada
( 1999 ) Preço Curto ... Prazo Longo
( 2000 ) Nadando com os Tubarões
( 2005 ) Imunidade Musical
( 2007 ) Ritmo , Ritual e Responsa
( 2009 ) Camisa 10 Joga Bola Até na Chuva
( 2012 ) Música Popular Caiçara
( 2013 ) La Familia 013
( 2021 ) Chegou Quem Faltava
Aliados
( 2002 ) Aliados 13
( 2004 ) A Dose Certa
References
External links
1975 births
Living people
Charlie Brown Jr. members
Brazilian record producers
Brazilian rock guitarists
Brazilian male guitarists
Alternative rock guitarists
Rap rock musicians
Reggae rock musicians
Brazilian painters
Brazilian sculptors
People from Santos , São Paulo
Musicians from São Paulo ( state )
Magne may refer to :
Magne ( given name ) , origin of and people with the given name
Magne ( surname ) , origin of and people with the surname
, several ships of the Swedish Navy
Magne Charge , an inductive charging system
Magne ( My Hero Academia ) , a character in the manga series My Hero Academia
See also
MagneRide , a magneto rheological suspension system
Magne Robo Gakeen , an anime series
Magné ( disambiguation )
Cathedral Rock is a mountain located in the Cascade Range , in Kittitas County of Washington state . It is situated within the Alpine Lakes Wilderness , on land managed by Wenatchee National Forest . Its nearest higher peak is The Citadel , to the southwest , and the dominant mountain in the area , Mount Daniel , rises to the west-northwest . Precipitation runoff from the peak drains into tributaries of the Yakima River .
Climate
Cathedral Rock is located in the marine west coast climate zone of western North America . Most weather fronts originate in the Pacific Ocean , and travel northeast toward the Cascade Mountains . As fronts approach , they are forced upward by the peaks of the Cascade Range , causing them to drop their moisture in the form of rain or snowfall onto the Cascades ( Orographic lift ) . As a result , the west side of the Cascades experiences high precipitation , especially during the winter months in the form of snowfall . During winter months , weather is usually cloudy , but , due to high pressure systems over the Pacific Ocean that intensify during summer months , there is often little or no cloud cover during the summer .
Geology
Cathedral Rock is an intrusive andesite volcanic complex . The Alpine Lakes Wilderness features some of the most rugged topography in the Cascade Range with craggy peaks and ridges , deep glacial valleys , and granite walls spotted with over 700 mountain lakes . Geological events occurring many years ago created the diverse topography and drastic elevation changes over the Cascade Range leading to the various climate differences . These climate differences lead to vegetation variety defining the ecoregions in this area .
The history of the formation of the Cascade Mountains dates back millions of years ago to the late Eocene Epoch . With the North American Plate overriding the Pacific Plate , episodes of volcanic igneous activity persisted . In addition , small fragments of the oceanic and continental lithosphere called terranes created the North Cascades about 50 million years ago .
During the Pleistocene period dating back over two million years ago , glaciation advancing and retreating repeatedly scoured the landscape leaving deposits of rock debris . The last glacial retreat in the Alpine Lakes area began about 14,000 years ago and was north of the Canada–US border by 10,000 years ago . The `` U '' -shaped cross-section of the river valleys are a result of that recent glaciation . Uplift and faulting in combination with glaciation have been the dominant processes which have created the tall peaks and deep valleys of the Alpine Lakes Wilderness area .
Climbing Routes
Established climbing routes on Cathedral Rock :
Southwest Face -
Northwest Couloir -
Southeast Face Chimney -
Northeast Buttress -
Gallery
See also
List of peaks of the Alpine Lakes Wilderness
Geography of Washington ( state )
References
External links
Alpine Lakes Wilderness U.S. Forest Service
Weather forecast : Cathedral Rock
Mountains of Washington ( state )
Mountains of Kittitas County , Washington
Cascade Range
North American 2000 m summits
The World Religions and Spirituality Project ( WRSP , formerly known as the New Religious Movements Homepage Project ) publishes academic profiles of new and established religious movements , archive material related to some groups , and articles that provide context for the profiles . It is referenced by scholars , journalists , and human rights groups to provide a scholarly representation of threatened communities .
History
WRSP developed from Jeffrey K. Hadden 's Religious Movements Homepage Project , which he founded in 1995 . After Hadden 's death in 2003 , Douglas E. Cowan became Project Director . In 2007 , it was described as `` one of the largest information sites on new religious movements '' . In 2010 , David G. Bromley became the Project Director . He expanded the scope of the project to recruit international scholars instead of local students and renamed it the World Religions and Spirituality Project .
Purpose
In an article that discusses the challenge of teaching students about new religious movements , Douglas E. Cowan explains that , because of `` the thousands of NRMs that exist in the world at any one time , only a relative handful are ever discussed in the various print resources [ … ] , and the Internet is , by default , the only source of information available . The issue then becomes how credible the information is that they obtain online . '' Websites like CESNUR , the Ontario Consultants on Religious Tolerance , the Internet Sacred Text Archive , the Association of Religion Data Archives , and WRSP are understood as examples of websites that respond to this problem . These websites serve to popularize the academic study of new religious movements .
Special projects
In addition to publishing profiles , it has ten special projects , thematic or regional , which are directed by recognized scholars .
Thematic Special Projects
Marian Apparitional and Devotional Groups
Joseph Laycock ( Texas State University )
Religious and Spiritual Movements and the Visual Arts
Massimo Introvigne ( CESNUR )
Spiritual and Visionary Communities
Timothy Miller ( University of Kansas )
Women in the World 's Religions and Spirituality Project
Rebecca Moore ( San Diego State University ) and Catherine Wessinger ( Loyola University )
Yoga in World Religions and Spiritualities
Suzanne Newcombe ( Open University ) and Karen O'Brien-Kop ( University of Roehampton )
Regional Special Projects
Australian Religious and Spiritual Traditions
Carole M. Cusack ( University of Sydney ) and Bernard Doherty ( Charles Sturt University )
Canadian Religious and Spiritual Traditions
Susan Palmer ( McGill University ) and Hillary Kael ( Concordia University )
Japanese New Religions
Ian Reader ( University of Lancaster ) , Erica Baffelli ( University of Lancaster ) , and Birgit Staemmler ( University of Tubingen )
Religion and Spirituality in Russia and Eastern Europe
Kaarina Aitamurto ( University of Helsinki ) and Maija Penttilä ( University of Helsinki )
Spiritual and Religious Traditions in Italy
Stefania Palmisano ( University of Turin ) and Massimo Introvigne ( CESNUR )
Local Special Projects
World Religions in Richmond
David G. Bromley ( Virginia Commonwealth University )
Student Research on North American Buddhist Communities ( defunct )
Kevin Vose ( College of William & Mary )
Arch City Religion
Rachel McBride Lindsey ( Saint Louis University )
A Journey through NYC Religions
Tony Carnes ( editor and publisher )
Community Religious Project
Melanie Prideaux ( University of Leeds )
Religious Diversity in New Orleans ( defunct )
Timothy Cahill ( Loyola University )
World Religions in Arizona ( defunct )
David Damrel ( Arizona State University )
The Religious Landscape in Orlando , Florida
Yudit D. Greenberg and Arnold Wettstein ( Rollins College )
Portland Muslim History Project
Kambiz GhaneaBassiri ( Reed College )
Buddhism in Virginia Beach
Steven Emmanuel ( Virginia Wesleyan University )
New Vrindaban Project
Greg Emery ( Ohio University )
Hindu and Jain Communities in North Texas
Pankaj Jain ( University of North Texas )
The Changing Religious Landscape of Atlanta , Georgia
Gary Laderman ( Emory University )
Buddhist , Hindu , Jain , Muslim , and Sikh Religious Centers in Atlanta
Kathryn McClymond ( Georgia State University )
Mapping Post-1965 Immigrant Religious Communities in Northern Ohio
David Odell-Scott and Surinder Bhawdwaj ( Kent State University )
Pluralism in the `` Bible Belt '' : Mapping the Religious Diversity of South Georgia
Michael Stoltzfus ( Valdosta State University )
Religious Diversity in Upstate South Carolina
Claude Stulting and Sam Britt ( Furman University )
References
External links
Official website
Projects listings :
Thematic
Regional
Local
2010 establishments in Virginia
Virginia Commonwealth University clubs and organizations
Organizations based in Richmond , Virginia
Jefferson County is a county located in the southern part of the U.S. state of Illinois . According to the 2020 census , it has a population of 37,113 . The county seat is Mount Vernon .
Jefferson County contains the Mount Vernon , Illinois micropolitan area . It is located in the southern portion known locally as `` Little Egypt '' .
The western border of the county adjoins the Greater St. Louis consolidated metropolitan statistical area , the Metro-East region , and the St. Louis commuter region and market and viewing area .
History
The first settler in Jefferson County is believed to have been Andrew Moore . In 1810 , he settled near the southeast corner of the county , near where the Goshen Road emerges from the forest of Hamilton County into what is now known as Moore 's Prairie . Moore arrived from the Goshen Settlement , near Edwardsville . His migration was therefore retrograde , from the west toward the interior of the State .
In 1814 , Andrew Moore departed with his eight-year-old son for Jordan 's settlement , a journey from which he never returned . A skull that was believed to have been Moore 's was found several years later about two miles from his cabin . Jordan 's Settlement , also called Jordan 's Fort , was southeast of modern Thompsonville , Illinois , about twenty miles south of Moore 's cabin . This episode occurred during the War of 1812 when many of the Indian tribes were allied with the British .
In 1816 , Carter Wilkey , Daniel Crenshaw and Robert Cook settled in Moore 's Prairie . Daniel Crenshaw moved into Moore 's cabin . This settlement is believed to be the first permanent settlement in the county .
Jefferson County was organized in 1819 , out of parts of White , Edwards and Franklin Counties . It was named in honor of Thomas Jefferson , principal draftsman of the Northwest Ordinance , among other things . The baseline along the northern border of the County crosses the Third Principal Meridian at the northwest corner of the county .
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 2.2 % ) is water .
Climate and weather
In recent years , average temperatures in the county seat of Mount Vernon have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July , although a record low of was recorded in January 1994 and a record high of was recorded in July 1936 . Average monthly precipitation ranged from in January to in May .
Major highways
Interstate 57
Interstate 64
U.S. Highway 51
Illinois Route 15
Illinois Route 37
Illinois Route 142
Illinois Route 148
Adjacent counties
Marion County - north
Wayne County - northeast
Hamilton County - southeast
Franklin County - south
Perry County - southwest
Washington County - west
Demographics
As of the 2010 United States Census , there were 38,827 people , 15,365 households , and 10,140 families residing in the county . The population density was . There were 16,954 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 88.4 % white , 8.4 % black or African American , 0.6 % Asian , 0.2 % American Indian , 0.8 % from other races , and 1.6 % from two or more races . Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 2.1 % of the population . In terms of ancestry , 24.3 % were German , 15.8 % were Irish , 13.6 % were English , and 10.2 % were American .
Of the 15,365 households , 30.1 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 50.0 % were married couples living together , 11.4 % had a female householder with no husband present , 34.0 % were non-families , and 29.1 % of all households were made up of individuals . The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 2.92 . The median age was 40.6 years .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 41,161 and the median income for a family was $ 51,262 . Males had a median income of $ 41,193 versus $ 29,645 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 21,370 . About 12.4 % of families and 17.1 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 24.8 % of those under age 18 and 10.7 % of those age 65 or over .
Agencies
In 2015 the county police department announced that the words `` In God We Trust '' will be on police squad cars .
Jeff Bullard is the current Sheriff of Jefferson County .
Politics
Jefferson is politically a fairly typical “ anti-Yankee ” Southern Illinois county . Opposition to the “ Yankee ” Republican Party and that party 's Civil War meant that Jefferson County voted solidly Democratic until Theodore Roosevelt carried the county in his 1904 landslide . It was to again vote Republican in the greater landslides of 1920 and 1928 , but otherwise was firmly Democratic until World War II .
Following the New Deal , Jefferson became something of a bellwether county , voting for every winning Presidential candidate between 1928 and 2004 except in the Catholicism-influenced 1960 election , and that of 1988 which was heavily influenced by a major Midwestern drought . Disagreement with the Democratic Party 's liberal views on social issues since the 1990s has caused a powerful swing to the GOP in the past quarter-century : as is typical of the Upland South , Barack Obama in 2012 and Hillary Clinton did far worse than any previous Democrat .
Communities
Cities
Mount Vernon
Nason
Villages
Belle Rive
Bluford
Bonnie
Dix
Ina
Waltonville
Woodlawn
Census-designated place
Opdyke
Other unincorporated communities
Bakerville
Camp Ground
Dareville
Divide
Drivers
Harmony
Roaches
Scheller
Texico
Townships
Jefferson County is divided into sixteen townships :
Bald Hill
Blissville
Casner
Dodds
Elk Prairie
Farrington
Field
Grand Prairie
McClellan
Moore 's Prairie
Mt . Vernon
Pendleton
Rome
Shiloh
Spring Garden
Webber
Education
School districts include :
K-12 :
Bluford Unit School District 318
Hamilton County Community Unit School District 10
Sesser-Valier Community Unit School District 196
Waltonville Community Unit School District 1
Wayne City Community Unit School District 100
Woodlawn Unit District 209
Secondary :
Benton Consolidated High School District 103
Centralia High School District 200
Mount Vernon Township High School District 201
Nashville Community High School District 99 - Primary school can go to Woodlawn School
Salem Community High School District 600
Elementary :
Ashley Community Consolidated School District 15 - Can attend secondary school in Woodlawn
Bethel School District 82
Centralia School District 135
Ewing Northern Community Consolidated District 115
Farrington Community Consolidated School District 99 - Can attend secondary school at Bluford
Field Community Consolidated School District 3
Grand Prairie Community Consolidated School District 6 - Can attend secondary school in Woodlawn
Kell Consolidated School District 2
McClellan Community Consolidated School District 12
Mount Vernon School District 80 - Can attend elementary school at Bluford and Woodlawn
Opdyke-Belle Rive Community Consolidated School District 5 - Can attend secondary school at Bluford
Spring Garden Community Consolidated School District 178
Rome Community Consolidated School District 2 - Can attend secondary school in Woodlawn
Summersville School District 79
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Jefferson County , Illinois
References
Illinois counties
1819 establishments in Illinois
Populated places established in 1819
Jefferson County , Illinois
Mount Vernon , Illinois micropolitan area
The Mauritius national rugby union team represents Mauritius in international rugby union . Mauritius is a member of the International Rugby Board ( IRB ) , but the national team is ranked as third tier , and Mauritius have yet to compete in either the Africa Cup or Rugby World Cup .
Rugby Union Mauritius represents Mauritius internationally and is member of CAR ( Confederation Africaine de Rugby ) , AROI ( Association de Rugby Ocean Indien ) , IRB ( International Rugby Board ) and FIT ( Federation of International Touch ) .
The national side is ranked 93rd in the world ( as of 29 July 2019 ) .
History
Introduced by the English Army ( Colonial Time 1810 to 1968 Independence ) Rugby started in the early 1900s in Mauritius . The game was then introduced to the Franco-Mauritians by a group of rugby players who created the Dodo Club in 1928 which enhanced the start of Rugby competition on the island . From 1928 to 1975 rugby was played at senior level between various clubs remembered as the Buffalos , HMS Mauritius , Blue Ducks , Dodo , the Navy , SMF and the Stags .
Stags and the Dodo remained active and competed against one another resulting in the closure of the Stags in 1982 . The Dodo Club remained the only active club which carried on developing the passion and culture of this sport , but unfortunately due to the retreat of the Dodo Club in all sports at national level , there was a need to phase out rugby from this club in order to develop the sport at a regional level .
During these times , many youngsters went to boarding schools in South-Africa and England . Others went to university in South-Africa , England , France and Australia , and when they came back to Mauritius on holidays , there was a need to play rugby and show their friends that they did not only study overseas . This created an enthusiastic rugby atmosphere which led to traditional games between The Students and local players .
Between 1992 and 2001 various tours were organised to Reunion Island participating to seven a side tournament and XV rugby .
We participated in the Kenya Safaris Sevens in 1996 and 1997 .
In 1995 , during the third rugby World Cup in South Africa , six games were broadcast for the first time on Mauritian TV . 1996 saw the birth of the Mauritian Seven a side Tournament with 4 Teams . In 1997 we started a development program in schools which led to the creation of three coaching centres in different parts of the island in 2003 .
In 1998 , the Stags Club was re-created and thus triggered the thought that rugby had a place in the Mauritian Sport and the potential needed to be exploited . Mauritius rugby needed to be given a chance and the means for development at a national level . After three years of competition with clubs from surrounding countries and more players getting attracted by the rugby fever leading to an increasing demand for the creation of new clubs , three new regions/clubs were created in 2001 : The Curepipe Starlights , the Northern Pirates and the Western Cowboys .
Today we have 4 Clubs in Division A and 6 Clubs in Division B , 3 Coaching Centres , around 650 licensed members , 18 Coaches , 6 Referees , National Sides in Senior ( 7s & XV ) Under 18 ( 7s ) . Players are coming from all over the island and from all the communities to play Rugby . Rugby is starting to develop through the CSR for all the vulnerable groups and in all the rural areas as Black River , La Gaulette , Petite Riviere Noire , La Source , Quatre Bornes , Roches Bois and the north of the island .
Competitions
The National Team has been participating in AROI and CAR competitions as follows : -
Africa cup 1B in Uganda . 2015 .
Africa cup 1c in Botswana 2014 . - winner
Africa Cup 1 D in Johannesburg - Winner against Nigeria
2010 : CAR Tournament in Tanzania - Winner against Tanzania
2009 : CAR Tournament in Botswana - Ranking 2nd
2008 : Hosted CAR Tournament in Mauritius - Ranking 2nd
2007 : CAR Tournament in Botswana - Ranking 3rd Senior and 2nd Junior
2006 : CAR Tournament in Reunion - Ranking 2nd
2005 : Hosted CAR Tournament in Mauritius - Won against Burkina Faso
2005 : CAR Tournament in Tanzania - Winner
Until 2010 RUM was in Africa Cup Division 2 and since 2011 , played in first Division Group D and won it . This year we will be participating in Division 1 group C from 22 to 29 July in Botswana and will be in competition with the following countries : , , , ,
In 2015 , Mauritius compete against Sénégal , Uganda And Madagascar
Overall
Below is table of the representative rugby matches played by a Mauritius national XV at test level up till 2019
References
External links
Mauritius on IRB.com
Mauritius on rugbydata.com
Mauritius Rugby
Mauritius Rugby Union
R
African national rugby union teams
Rugby union in Mauritius
Khaniabad ( ) may refer to :
Khaniabad , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari
Khaniabad , Tehran
Enock Mukiibi ( born 6 June 1991 ) commonly known as DJ Mavious ( Omwana w'eka ) is a Ugandan born-USA based songwriter , musician and DJ .
Career
At the age of 14 , he ventured into the music industry as a DJ at several house parties and functions in the USA at the start of his music career . In 2018 he started songwriting and singing where he is popularly known for his songs such as Bantuma , Kakuba , Boss among others .
Discography
Boss 2019
Tinder 2019
Kaloosa 2019
Slow wine 2020
Bantuma 2020
Kakuba 2021
Everyday 2021
Personal life
DJ Mavious was born in Kampala , he studied from Hilltop Academy , Shimoni Demonstration School but later he was taken to the USA at the age of 14
References
External links
Meet Mavious , US-Based Ugandan DJ Flying Uganda 's Flag High
Ugandan born DJ Mavious shining on the International stage
Omwana Weka Dj Mavious ' ‘ Bantuma ' : Everything We Know About New Song .
Omwana Weka Dj Mavious Finally Releases ‘ Bantuma ' Video . Watch It Here !
1991 births
Living people
21st-century Ugandan male singers
People from Kampala
Ugandan musicians
Jovaughne Joash Leader ( born 20 August 1990 ) is a Saint Kitts and Nevis international footballer who plays for St. Paul 's United , as a midfielder .
International career
International goals
|-
| 1 . || 5 September 2014 || Warner Park Sporting Complex , Basseterre || || align=center | 5–0 || align=center | 5–0 || 2014 Caribbean Cup qualification
|-
| 2 . || rowspan= '' 2 '' | 26 March 2015 || rowspan= '' 2 '' | TCIFA National Academy , Providenciales || rowspan= '' 2 '' | || || rowspan= '' 2 '' | || rowspan= '' 2 '' | 2018 FIFA World Cup qualification
|-
| 3 . ||
| }
References
External links
1990 births
Living people
Saint Kitts and Nevis footballers
Saint Kitts and Nevis international footballers
St. Paul 's United FC players
Association football midfielders
The Hampton Hammers Football & Netball Club is an Australian rules football and netball club located in the southern suburbs of Melbourne . The club participates in the Southern Football Netball League , based in the south and south eastern suburbs of Melbourne , Victoria .
History
In 1947 a group of young people met at the back of the Hampton Methodist Hall to see if they could form a football Club . Thereby the `` Hampton Methodist Football Club '' was formed that same year , debuting in the Melbourne Methodist League until it went into recess in 1951 .
The club reformed in 1959 , joining Eastern Suburban Protestant FA , where they won the C grade premiership . Promoted into B grade the club won the flag in 1961 and were again elevated to A grade .
In 1976 the club changed its name to `` Hampton United '' and then again in 2000 to just Hampton .
Senior Premierships
Eastern Suburban Protestant FA/ Eastern Suburban Churches FA ( 7 ) : 1959 , 1961 , 1972 , 1974 , 1978 , 1986 , 1990
Southern Football League ( 2 ) : 2002 , 2010
References
External links
Official website
Australian rules football clubs in Melbourne
Southern Football League ( Victoria )
1947 establishments in Australia
Sport clubs established in 1947
Australian rules football clubs established in 1947
Netball teams in Victoria ( Australia )
Victoria Edward ( born 1977 ) was a New Zealand netball player who played 22 international matches for the national team , known as the Silver Ferns .
Early life
Victoria Edward Edgar was born in Lower Hutt ( ) in the Wellington Region of the North Island of New Zealand on 3 February 1977 . She attended Palmerston North Girls ' High School , followed by Otago Polytechnic and the University of Otago in Dunedin on the South Island . She trained as nurse and worked as a nurse during much of her netball playing career .
Netball career
In 1998-99 Edward played with the Otago Rebels team , which competed in the nationwide National Bank Cup . She then joined the Waikato/Bay of Plenty Magic located in Hamilton , playing there from 2000 to 2002 . Having moved to Auckland , she transferred to the Auckland Diamonds for the 2003 to 2006 seasons , captaining the team in 2006 . She played her first game for the Silver Ferns , the New Zealand national netball team , in June 2001 , against South Africa . Edward played 22 matches for the team but was not selected for the 2003 World Netball Championships in Kingston , Jamaica , when New Zealand won the gold medal .
References
1977 births
Living people
New Zealand international netball players
Waikato Bay of Plenty Magic players
Auckland Diamonds players
Otago Rebels players
All Samples Cleared ! is the fourth studio album by rapper Biz Markie . Produced by Biz Markie and his cousin Cool V , it was released on June 22 , 1993 , and was Biz Markie 's final studio album released by Cold Chillin'/Warner Bros. Records . The title references a court battle over a sample Markie used on his 1991 song `` Alone Again '' .
The album peaked at # 43 on the Top R & B/Hip-Hop Albums , though the single `` Let Me Turn You On '' made it to # 7 on the Hot Rap Singles . It was Markie 's last studio album until 2003 's Weekend Warrior .
Track listing
`` I 'm the Biz Markie '' – 4:08
`` I 'm a Ugly Nigga ( So What ) '' – 4:57
`` Young Girl Bluez '' – 4:08
`` Family Tree '' – 2:18
`` Let Me Turn You On '' – 5:34
`` The Gator ( Dance ) '' – 4:03
`` Groovin ' '' – 5:18
`` I 'm Singin ' '' – 5:12
`` Hooker Got a Boyfriend '' – 4:47
`` Bad by Myself '' – 5:07
`` Funk Is Back '' – 3:43
`` Thanks '' – 5:21
Charts
References
1993 albums
Biz Markie albums
Cold Chillin ' Records albums
Albums produced by Biz Markie
( March 26 , 1894 – February 12 , 1963 ) was a Rear Admiral in the Imperial Japanese Navy during World War II .
Career
Naoji Doi was a member of the 43rd Class of the Imperial Japanese Naval Academy , ranking 24 out of 95 Cadets . He commanded the 32nd Naval Special Base Force , a force of naval troops occupying the island of Mindanao during the course of World War II . When Lieutenant-General Gyosaku Morozumi left to command the IJA 35th Army , he left Naoji Doi to command his own force by himself . When the United States Marines landed on Mindanao , they were aided by the regular and constable troops of the Philippine Commonwealth Army and Philippine Constabulary and pushed the Japanese back to the northern end of the island . Naoji Doi and his troops fought until the end of the war on August 15 .
Assignments
Crewmember , Iwate – 16 December 1915 – 22 August 1916
Division Officer , Ise – 1 December 1921 – 1 December 1922
Division Officer , Izumo – 1 December 1927 – 15 January 1928
Equipping Officer , Nachi – 15 July 1928 – 10 September 1928
Torpedo Officer , Nachi – 10 September 1928 – 1 December 1931
Executive Officer , Sasebo Sailor Corps – 5 December 1938 – 15 October 1941
Executive Officer , Amoy Area Special Base Force – 15 October 1941 – 15 January 1942
Commanding Officer , 15th Guard Unit – 1 February 1942 – 20 August 1942
Chief of Administration & Worker Training Bureaus , Toyokawa Navy Yard – 12 September 1942 – 5 May 1944
Commanding Officer , Rashin Area Special Base Force – 25 June 1944 – 20 September 1944
Commanding Officer , 32nd Special Base Force – 6 October 1944 – 15 August 1945
Promotions
Midshipman – 16 December 1915
Ensign – 1 December 1916
Sub-Lieutenant – 1 December 1918
Lieutenant – 1 December 1921
Lieutenant Commander – 1 December 1927
Commander – 15 November 1933
Captain – 15 November 1938
Rear Admiral – 1 May 1944
References
Japanese admirals of World War II
Imperial Japanese Navy admirals
1894 births
1996 deaths
The Ames Schoolhouse is a historic school building at 450 Washington Street in Dedham , Massachusetts . It was originally part of the Dedham Public Schools . It currently serves as the town hall and senior center for the Town of Dedham .
The Colonial Revival structure was built in 1897 . It was named in honor of American Revolution-era politician Fisher Ames . It is a large H-shaped building , with a central section flanked by symmetrical projecting bays on either side . It has a hip roof with a deep dentillated eave , and pilastered corners . The main entrance is set under broad arch at the center , with a Palladian window above . Above the front door is the following inscription :
1644 AMES SCHOOL 1897
Named in honor of Fisher Ames . A native of Dedham ,
a wise statesman . And a friend of Washington . `` With a
united government well administered , we have nothing to
fear and without it nothing to hope . ''
The building was dedicated in June 1898 . On the first floor , in addition to the master 's room and teachers ' room , were eight classrooms . Each classroom was 28 ' by 36 ' and was designed for 56 students . At the southern end of the second floor were four classrooms , the library , and a chemical lab . The northern end housed the main hall with a stage and two dressing rooms .
In 1937 , it was painted and renovated by the Works Progress Administration . The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983 and sold in the same year . It was an office building for the next three decades .
At the 2014 Spring Annual Town Meeting , the Town of Dedham voted to repurchase the building for $ 5.85 million and renovate it to be used as a Town Hall and Senior Center . The project was long overdue and over budget . On June 19 and 20 , 2020 , most departments moved from the old town hall into the Ames Schoolhouse . The annual town election was delayed in 2020 due to the COVID-19 pandemic , and so the Town Clerk 's office remained at the old town hall until the end of June .
The senior center portion of the building includes an outdoor patio , arts and crafts room , fitness center , media room , lounge , and more .
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Norfolk County , Massachusetts
Notes
References
Works cited
Schoolhouses in Massachusetts
School buildings completed in 1898
School buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Massachusetts
Shingle Style architecture in Massachusetts
Schools in Norfolk County , Massachusetts
Buildings and structures in Dedham , Massachusetts
National Register of Historic Places in Norfolk County , Massachusetts
Town halls in Massachusetts
High Performance was a quarterly arts magazine based out of Los Angeles founded in 1978 and published until 1997 . Its editorial mission was to provide support and a critical context for new , innovative and unrecognized work in the arts .
High Performance started out covering exclusively performance art and gradually grew to include video , sound , and public art . It dealt with viewing the arts in the larger context of contemporary life , examining how the arts contribute in addressing social and cultural concerns , and also how those concerns impact the arts . In 1994 , High Performance received the Alternative Press Award for Cultural Coverage from the Utne Reader , and was nominated three other times for the same award .
Editors and publishers
Linda Frye Burnham served as the magazine 's founding editor from 1978 to 1985 . Steven Durland was the editor from 1986 until its end in 1997 . From 1983 to 1995 , High Performance was published by Astro Artz ( renamed 18th Street Arts Center in 1988 ) . In July 1995 , High Performance was acquired by Art in the Public Interest ( API ) , a new organization formed by Burnham and Durland to research and develop information about artists collaborating with their communities . After a brief hiatus , the magazine renewed publication in early 1996 and published five more issues , but rising costs and an inability to garner needed stabilization funding forced API to cease publication in 1997 . In 1999 , Burnham and Durland initiated the Community Arts Network on the Web . Much of the content from High Performance is available on that site .
External links
High Performance Magazine Complete Issue List Art in the Public Interest
Finding aid for High Performance magazine records , 1953-2005 , Getty Research Institute , Los Angeles .
References
Visual arts magazines published in the United States
Quarterly magazines published in the United States
Performance art in Los Angeles
Magazines established in 1978
Magazines disestablished in 1997
Performance art
Contemporary art magazines
Defunct magazines published in the United States
Magazines published in Los Angeles
Imma rotia is a moth in the family Immidae . It was described by John Frederick Gates Clarke in 1986 . It is found on the Marquesas Islands .
References
Moths described in 1986
Immidae
Moths of Oceania
The 2013 Traralgon Challenger was a professional tennis tournament played on outdoor hard court . It was the first edition of the tournament which was part of the 2013 ATP Challenger Tour . It took place in Traralgon , Australia between 28 October - 3 November 2013 .
Singles main draw entrants
Seeds
Rankings are as of October 21 , 2013 .
Other entrants
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw :
Maverick Banes
Blake Mott
Darren K. Polkinghorne
Gavin van Peperzeel
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw :
Sean Berman
Brendon Moore
Bumpei Sato
Richard Yang
The following players received entry as a Lucky loser :
Chanchai Sookton-Eng
Champions
Singles
Yuki Bhambri def . Bradley Klahn 6–7 ( 13–15 ) , 6–3 , 6–4
Doubles
Ryan Agar / Adam Feeney def . Dane Propoggia / Jose Statham 6–3 , 6–4
External links
Official Website
ATP official site
Traralgon Challenger
Latrobe City Traralgon ATP Challenger
2013 in Australian tennis
Mulachara ( ) ( Fundamental Conduct ) is a Jain text composed by Acharya Vattakera of the Digambara tradition , around 150 CE . Mulachara discusses anagara-dharma – the conduct of a Digambara monk . It consists twelve chapters and 1,243 verses on ( mendicant discipline ) . It is also called Digambara Acharanga .
The text is written in a dialect that is distinct but shares characteristics with Ardhamagadhi . Its dialect has been called Digambara Sauraseni ( or Jain Sauraseni ) and proposed to reflect the language of ancient Mathura region by Indian scholars . Many characteristics of the Mulachara manuscript , as found in Karnataka , share elements of monastic conduct found in Svetambara scriptures . Some of the verses of Mulaccara are almost same as those found in Svetambara 's Dasavaikalika . This suggests the existence of an ancient shared textual tradition between Digambaras and Svetambaras , one that likely split and differentiated later .
Vasunandin wrote a Sanskrit commentary on the Mulacara , and it is titled Acaravrtti .
See also
List of Jain texts
References
Bibliography
External links
Hindi translation of Mūlacāra ( Digital Library of India )
Jain texts
Stanley Clive Perry Turnbull ( 22 December 1906 – 25 May 1975 ) was an Australian writer and journalist .
He was born in Glenorchy in Tasmania . He joined The Mercury newspaper as a reporter in 1922 and then moved to Melbourne where he worked on The Herald . He is best known for his book Black War that examined the extermination of Indigenous Australians in Tasmania . He also wrote a series of biographies .
Bibliography
Black War : The Extermination of the Tasmanian Aborigines , F. W. Cheshire , 1943 ; Sun Books , 1948
A Concise History of Australia , Thames and Hudson , 1965 .
References
The Australian Dictionary of Biography
1906 births
1975 deaths
Australian biographers
Male biographers
20th-century biographers
20th-century male writers
20th-century Australian journalists
The Mercury ( Hobart ) people
FC Precizia Săcele is a Romanian football club from Săcele , Brașov County , founded in 1950 . They currently compete in the Liga IV , rejoining senior competitions from the 2013–14 season , after they retired from the Liga III during the 2008–09 season due to financial reasons .
History
In the year 1950 , the team of the Electroprecizia Factory from the City of Săcele ( Brașov County ) was established , under the name of Fotbal Club Precizia Săcele .
In the 1950–51 season , the newly founded team makes its first appearance in the Romanian football competitions , starting to play in the Regional League of Brașov County ( at the time , Stalin Region ) , also known as Division D of Brașov ( a group of the Romanian Fourth League , belonging to Brașov County ) . This is the league where the only team from the City of Săcele will continue to play for the next 20 years , among other teams from the County of Braşov , registering average results .
In the 1972–73 season , Precizia Săcele finishes on the first place in the league and obtains the promotion to Division C , the Romanian Third League , achieving the first major success . In the 1973–74 season , it makes its debut in the Romanian Third League , finishing on the fifth place of the table .
In the 1981–82 season , the club becomes the champion of the Third League , finishing on the first place of the table , and registers the second major success , by winning the promotion to Division B , the Romanian Second League . At its debut in the Second League , in the 1982–83 season , it is unable to avoid relegation , finishing on the last place of the table .
Therefore , in the 1983–84 season , it returns to the Third League , where it will play until the 1991–92 season , when it finishes on the seventh place of the table , but it relegates to the Fourth League , as a result of the reduction of the number of teams playing in the Third League . After three years , Precizia Săcele promotes to the Third League , in the 1994–95 season , after finishing on the first place of the table .
Only one year later , in the 1995–96 season , the club wins the promotion to the Second League , after finishing on the first place of the table . The next season will mark the third major success and the best performance in the history of the team , Precizia Săcele finishing on the second place of the table in the Second League , being very close to win the promotion to Division A , the Romanian First League . After five years spent in the Second League , in the 2000–01 season , the club finishes on the penultimate place of the table in the Second League and relegates to the Third League .
The next season , the team is very close to return to the Second League , finishing on the second place of the table in its league , but it will win the promotion to the Second League just one year later , in the 2002–03 season , when it finishes on the first place of the table in the Third League .
In the 1983–84 season , the team achieves its best performance in the Romanian Cup , winning all ten preliminary rounds , played against other teams from Brașov County , and reaching to the round of the Sixteen Finals , where it is eliminated by Dinamo Brașov , which wins the match with the score of 1–0 . Later on , the team was coached by Ferencz Bajko .
In the 2006–07 season , the team changes its name to Fotbal Club Săcele , as the most important sponsor , the Factory Electroprecizia , withdrew its financial support and ceded the stadium and the playing field in the property of the local authorities . As a result , the Municipality became the most important supporter of the team FC Săcele and the owner of the stadium , playing field and training base situated nearby . The local stadium , where the team plays its home matches , is called the Electroprecizia Stadium and has a total capacity of 3,500 seats . The club is one of the teams with tradition from Brașov County and last time played in the Liga III , in the 2008–09 season , rejoining senior competitions from the 2013–14 season , in the Liga V , as Fotbal Club Precizia Săcele .
From 2015-16 the team is playing Liga IV and won 2 Romanias Cup 2018 and 2019 .
Honours
Leagues
Liga II
Runners-up ( 1 ) : 1996–97
Liga III
Winners ( 2 ) : 1981–82 , 1995–96
Runners-up ( 2 ) : 2001–02 , 2002–03
Liga IV – Brașov County
Winners ( 3 ) : 1972–73 , 1992–93 , 1994–95
Runners-up ( 1 ) : 2018–19
Cups
Cupa României – Brașov County
Winners ( 2 ) : 2017–18 , 2018–19
Club Officials
Board of directors
Current technical staff
References
External links
Football clubs in Brașov County
Association football clubs established in 1950
Liga II clubs
Liga III clubs
1950 establishments in Romania
Săcele
The Deesbach Forebay ( ) is a dam in the German state of Thuringia in the Thuringian Highland . It impounds the river Lichte and lies between the municipalities Lichte ( Geiersthal ) and Unterweissbach . That particular forebay belongs to the Leibis-Lichte Dam ( de : Talsperre Leibis-Lichte ) .
The name , Deesbach Forebay , was derived d from the close proximity to the municipality Deesbach .
See also
List of reservoirs and dams in Germany
References
External links
Leibis-Lichte Dam on homepage of the Thuringian long-distance water supply ( de : Tueringer Fernwasserversorgung
Homepage ( private ) concerning the Leibis-Lichte Dam
Pictures of the building site on baustellen-doku.info
Reservoirs in Thuringia
Dams in Thuringia
Lichte
Dams completed in 1991
Buildings and structures in Saalfeld-Rudolstadt
1991 establishments in Germany
RDeesbach
The 2004–05 Divizia B was the 65th season of the second tier of the Romanian football league system .
The format has been maintained to three series , each of them consisting of 16 teams . At the end of the season , the winners of the series promoted to Divizia A and the last three places from all the series relegated to Divizia C .
Team changes
To Divizia B
Promoted from Divizia C
Botoșani
Dunărea Galați
Otopeni
Ghimbav
Oltul Slatina
Politehnica Timișoara
Unirea Sânnicolau Mare
Unirea Dej
FC Sibiu
Dinamo II București * *
Liberty Salonta * *
Relegated from Divizia A
Ceahlăul Piatra Neamț
Petrolul Ploiești
FC Oradea
From Divizia B
Relegated to Divizia C
Metalul Plopeni
Medgidia
Poiana Câmpina
Rarora Râmnicu Vâlcea
CSM Reșița
Oltul Sfântu Gheorghe
Cimentul Fieni
FC Baia Mare
FC Onești
ARO Câmpulung
Minaur Zlatna
Promoted to Divizia A
Politehnica Iași
Sportul Studențesc
CFR Cluj
Note ( * * )
CSM Medgidia sold its Divizia B place to Liberty Salonta .
Metalul Plopeni sold its Divizia B place to Dinamo II București .
Renamed teams
Electrica Constanța was renamed as Altay Constanța .
Electromagnetica București was renamed as Rapid II București .
FC Craiova was moved from Craiova to Caracal and renamed as FC Caracal .
League tables
Seria I
Seria II
Seria III
Top scorers
14 goals
Dumitru Gheorghe ( Unirea Urziceni )
Daniel Stan ( FC Oradea )
12 goals
Gabriel Apetri ( Jiul Petroșani )
Claudiu Boaru ( Gaz Metan Mediaș )
11 goals
Emil Jula ( Universitatea Cluj )
Valentin Badea ( FC Vaslui )
10 goals
Iulian Ștefan ( Pandurii Târgu Jiu )
Cristian Constantin ( Unirea Urziceni )
9 goals
Romeo Buteseacă ( Dacia Unirea Brăila )
8 goals
Tihamer Török ( FC Vaslui )
7 goals
Dorel Zaharia ( Gaz Metan Mediaș )
Gigel Ene ( Electromagnetica București )
Radu Neguț ( Pandurii Târgu Jiu )
János Székely ( Universitatea Cluj )
See also
2004–05 Divizia A
References
Liga II seasons
Rom
2004–05 in Romanian football
Time in Mongolia is officially represented by the Mongolian Standard Time ( UTC+08:00 ) . However , the far western provinces of Khovd , Uvs and Bayan-Ölgii use UTC+07:00 .
Daylight saving time
Mongolia used daylight saving time in 1983-1998 , 2001-2006 and 2015-2016 .
IANA time zone database
The IANA time zone database contains three zones for Mongolia in the file zone.tab .
See also
Historical time zones of China
References
External links
http : //www.statoids.com/tmn.html
See also
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Hyderabad ( ) is an archdiocese located in the city of Hyderabad in India .
History
1851 : Established as the Apostolic Vicariate of Hyderabad from the Apostolic Vicariate of Madras
1 September 1886 : Promoted as the Diocese of Hyderabad
19 September 1953 : Promoted as the Metropolitan Archdiocese of Hyderabad
Leadership
Archbishops of Hyderabad
Anthony Poola ( 19 November 2020 - present )
Thumma Bala ( 12 March 2011 - 2020 )
Marampudi Joji ( 29 January 2000 – 27 August 2010 )
Samineni Arulappa ( 6 December 1971 – 29 January 2000 )
Joseph Mark Gopu ( 19 September 1953 – 28 February 1971 )
Bishops of Hyderabad
Joseph Mark Gopu ( later Archbishop ) ( 8 January 1953 – 19 September 1953 )
Alphonsus Beretta , P.I.M.E . ( 23 December 1950 – 8 January 1953 )
Dionigi Vismara ( 11 May 1909 – 19 February 1948 )
Pierre-André Viganò , P.I.M.E . ( 25 October 1897 – 11 May 1909 )
Vicars Apostolic of Hyderabad
Daniel Murphy ( later Archbishop ) ( 20 May 1851 – 14 November 1865 )
Suffragan dioceses
Adilabad
Cuddapah
Khammam
Kurnool
Nalgonda
Warangal
References
External links
GCatholic.org
Catholic Hierarchy
Catholic Encyclopedia : Diocese of Hyderabad-Deccan
Roman Catholic dioceses in India
Christianity in Telangana
Religious organizations established in 1851
Roman Catholic dioceses and prelatures established in the 19th century
1851 establishments in India
Religion in Hyderabad , India
Ayhan Kaynak ( born 4 March 1967 ) is a Turkish former footballer who played one season in the Süper Lig with Adana Demirspor .
Professional career
Ayhan made his professional debut with Adana Demirspor in a 2–1 Süper Lig win over Karşıyaka S.K . on 11 June 1989 . After his debut season with Adana Demirspor , Ayhan spent the rest of his career in the lower divisions in Turkey .
Personal life
Ayhan was born in to a large family of 8 children . His brothers Orhan , Reşit , İrfan , Kayhan and İlhan were all professional footballers .
References
External links
1967 births
Living people
People from Adana
Turkish footballers
Adana Demirspor footballers
Alanyaspor footballers
Bucaspor footballers
Sarıyer S.K . footballers
Kartalspor footballers
Süper Lig players
TFF First League players
TFF Second League players
Association football midfielders
Horrall Glacier ( ) is a tributary glacier in the Kohler Range of Marie Byrd Land , Antarctica . It flows east-northeast from Faulkender Ridge to join Kohler Glacier at Klimov Bluff . The glacier was mapped by the United States Geological Survey from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos , 1959–65 , and was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Thomas R. Horrall , a United States Antarctic Research Program and a University of Wisconsin glaciologist and engineer with the Marie Byrd Land Survey party , 1963–64 and aeromagnetic surveys in West Antarctica , 1965–66 .
References
Glaciers of Marie Byrd Land
Cirquent ( formerly Softlab Group ) was a subsidiary of NTT Data that provides IT , consulting and professional services . The company 's headquarters is in Munich , Germany , with offices in Austria , Switzerland and the UK .
The company provides consulting services for automotive , banking , insurance , telecommunications and manufacturing companies , in customer management , IT management , finance transformation , and application management . Services include business process consulting , conceptual design , implementation and integration , and support , operation and maintenance of IT systems .
Customers include Allianz Germany , BMW Group , Deutsche Börse , Heidelberger Druckmaschinen , Kabel Deutschland , Munich Re , O2 , and T-Mobile .
In 2008 , with 1.750 employees , the company generated sales of €260 million .
Cirquent UK
Cirquent Ltd , a fully owned subsidiary of Cirquent GmbH , was founded in the UK , as Softlab Ltd. , in 1989 to sell and support the Maestro I product line . Initially based in Hammersmith , the company expanded with the launch of Maestro II , a software development environment used by British Gas plc and Barclays Bank .
Softlab was purchased by BMW AG in the 1990s and following the purchase of Rover Group by BMW , Softlab Ltd. acquired AT & T Istel 's Rover Group services , increasing in size from about 60 staff to one of over 500 . With the acquisition came a move of headquarters near Birmingham . The business moved from software tools to CRM and Contact center system integration . In 2001 BMW Group sold Rover , and soon after the automotive team was sold to Computer Sciences Corporation .
Softlab continued to focus on CRM software and contact centre projects , partnering with Microsoft ( Dynamics CRM ) , Oracle ( Siebel ) , Genesys , Interactive Intelligence , CDC ( Pivotal ) and BMC ( Remedy ) . Following acquisitions , in 2008 Softlab was rebranded Cirquent .
In 2008 a majority 72.9 % stake in Cirquent was taken by NTT Data .
References
External links
Cirquent 's international site
Cirquent 's automotive site
Cirquent 's German site
Cirquents UK Site
Companies based in Munich
German brands
Consulting firms established in 1971
Software companies of Germany
Poe Ei Ei Khant ( ; born 7 April 1993 ) is a Burmese actress and singer . She is best known for her leading roles in several Burmese films . Throughout her career , she has acted in over 100 films .
Early life and education
Poe Ei Ei Khant was born on 7 April 1993 in Yangon , Myanmar to parent Thein Lwin , a real-estate developer and chairman of Myanmar Real Property Development Association ( MRPDA ) and his wife Moe Moe Thein . She is the youngest child among two siblings , having an older brother .
She finished her primary and secondary education at Basic Education High School No . 1 Dagon . She studied law in distance education at the University of West Yangon and then switched to Master of Laws at the East Yangon University . She graduated with LLB ( Law ) at the University of West Yangon in 2016 , and Master of Laws ( LLM ) at the East Yangon University in 2019 .
Career
2013–2016 : Beginning and film debut
In 2013 , she competed in the fifth season of Eain Met Sone Yar ( Where dreams meet ) and placed as the eighth runner-up in the final completion . Thereafter she entered the film industry . She made her acting debut with a leading role in the film O Ay Ay O , alongside Lu Min in 2015 . She then starred in her second film Myay Thin Nant , where she played the leading role with Myint Myat , film released in March 2016 . The film was both a domestic hit in Myanmar , and led to increased recognition for Poe Ei Ei Khant . From 2013 to present , she has acted in more than 100 films and 6 big-screen films .
2017–present : Breaking into the big-screen
In 2017 , she filmed her first big-screen film Black Rose Mission ( A Yu Taw Mingalar ) where she played the leading role with Myint Myat and Nan Su Oo . The film was directed by Nyo Min Lwin and which premiered in Myanmar cinemas on 6 June 2019 . She then starred in action film Original Gangster 3 , but the censors not allowed to screen in Myanmar cinema . The same year , she starred in drama film A Htet Tan Sar ( High Standard ) , alongside Nay Toe , Nyi Htut Khaung and Thu Riya which premiered in Myanmar cinemas on 22 August 2019 . The film was a huge commercial success , topping film ratings and ranked third on The Myanmar Times `` Top 10 Myanmar films 2019 '' .
In 2018 , she was cast in the drama series Tu Nhing Maya Tae Myitta , alongside Nay Dway and Khine Hnin Wai .
Selected filmography
Film ( Cinema )
Film
Over 100 films , including
Television series
Personal life
Poe Ei Ei Khant is married to Aung Thu , a footballer , on 31 May 2018 and the wedding ceremony held on 26 March 2019 at the Western Park . She gave birth to their first son Thwin Oo Han on 19 July 2019 .
References
External links
Films on Burmese Video Directory
Films on Shwe Dream
1993 births
Living people
Burmese film actresses
21st-century Burmese actresses
People from Yangon
The First Troop Philadelphia City Cavalry , also known as the First City Troop , is a unit of the Pennsylvania Army National Guard . It is one of the oldest military units in the United States still in active service and is among the most decorated units in the U.S. Army . Accordingly , the Troop operates under a number of principles of self-governance unique in the U.S. military , including the election of unit members and officers , voluntarily forgoing pay for military service to the country , continuing to practice horse cavalry skills and tactics , and recruiting a high percentage of its members from veterans of prior active duty service across all branches ( many of whom resign past officer commissions to join ) , as well as older civilian mid-career professionals .
It is the only U.S. military unit that owns its own armory building , built with private funds in Philadelphia 's Rittenhouse Square neighborhood .
As of November 2017 , the troop had 46 active members ( 33 drilling with the A-1/104th CAV ) , up from 35 in 2014 .
History
The First Troop Philadelphia City Cavalry , or `` First City Troop '' , was organized in 1774 as the Light Horse of the City of Philadelphia , often referred to as the Philadelphia Light Horse , one of the first patriotic military organizations established in the American Revolution .
Abraham Markoe was the founder and the first Captain of the Philadelphia Light Horse , known today as the First Troop Philadelphia City Cavalry .
Early members came from a number of local social organizations , including the Schuylkill Fishing Company , the Schuylkill Company of Fort St. Davids , the St. Andrew 's Society of Philadelphia , the Society of the Friendly Sons of St. Patrick , the Society of the Sons of St. George , and especially the Gloucester Fox Hunting Club . Captain Samuel Morris was Gloucester 's first president and Captain Robert Wharton its last .
During the Revolution , the troop fought in the battles of Trenton , Princeton , Brandywine , and Germantown . It often served as George Washington 's personal bodyguard . The unit also saved James Wilson at the `` Battle of Fort Wilson '' riot .
During the American Civil War , the First City Troop was called into active duty several times , beginning with the 1861 Campaign that led to the First Battle of Bull Run . During the Gettysburg Campaign , the company , under the command of future U.S. Speaker of the House Samuel J. Randall , performed scouting duties leading into the Battle of Gettysburg , Pennsylvania , in late June before being redeployed to York County following a brief skirmish on June 26 , 1863 . The company later screened Columbia-Wrightsville Bridge against the Confederate forces of John Brown Gordon .
John J. Pershing said that `` no National Guard organization in the country did more , relatively , in the First World War than '' the First City Troop .
Today , the First City Troop deploys overseas with the Pennsylvania National Guard in support of Army operations . Since 9/11 , the unit has deployed to Bosnia , Iraq , Egypt , and Kuwait , with elements of the unit additionally deploying to Afghanistan , the Persian Gulf , Europe , and Latin America . Membership is by election . Soldiers on the active roll continue to donate their drill pay back to the unit , in order to maintain a tradition of voluntary service .
The troop draws its membership from Troop A , 1st Squadron , 104th Cavalry Regiment , 28th Infantry Division ( United States ) , Pennsylvania Army National Guard .
Battle Streamers
Revolutionary War
Trenton
Princeton
Brandywine
Germantown
New Jersey 1776
New Jersey 1777
Pennsylvania 1777
Civil War
Peninsula
Manassas
Antietam
Fredericksburg
Gettysburg
Wilderness
Spotsylvania
Cold Harbor
Petersburg
Shenandoah
Appomattox
Virginia 1861
Virginia 1862
Virginia 1863
Virginia 1864
Maryland 1863
Pennsylvania 1863
War with Spain
Puerto Rico
World War I
Ypres-Lys
Champagne-Marne
Aisne-Marne
Oise-Aisne
Meuse-Argonne
Champagne 1918
Lorraine 1918
World War II
Northern France
Central Europe
Operation Enduring Freedom
Global War on Terrorism Expeditionary Streamer
See also
City guard
References
Further reading
Brooke , George , III . With the First City Troop on the Mexican Border . Philadelphia : 1917 .
Clark , William P. Official History of the Militia And the National Guard of the State of Pennsylvania from the Earliest Period of Record to the Present Time . 3 vols . Philadelphia : 1909–1912 .
First Troop Philadelphia City Cavalry . By-Laws , Muster Roll , and Papers Selected from the Archives of the First Troop Philadelphia City Cavalry , 1840 .
First Troop Philadelphia City Cavalry . History of the First Troop Philadelphia City Cavalry ; From Its Organization November 17th 1774 to Its Centennial Anniversary .... Philadelphia : Hallowell , 1875 .
Hendler , Charles J. , compiler . Official History of the Militia and National Guard of the State of Pennsylvania . 4 vols . Philadelphia : 1936 .
Hudson , Richard L. 1980 . `` At Ease , Troopers : Fall Out for Caviar and Pickled Herring- That 's the Order Often Heard at Elite Philadelphia Club , A Unit of the National Guard . '' Wall Street Journal . February 29 , 1980 . Page A1 , A26 .
Risley , Clyde A. ; James P. Simpson ; and John R. Elting . `` Light-Horse of the City of Philadelphia , 1776-1777 . '' Military Collector and Historian , 23 ( Winter 1971 ) , pp . 121–122 .
`` A Return of the First City Troop , 1799 . '' Pennsylvania Magazine of History and Biography , 23 ( 1899 ) , p. 127 .
Meschter , G. Andrew . `` The Gentlemen of Gloucester : A New Look at the First Troop Philadelphia City Cavalry '' Agamemnon Publishing , 2015 .
External links
First City Troop in the Spanish–American War
Initial roster
Gentlemen of Gloucester
Pennsylvania National Guard
United States militia in the American Revolution
Military units and formations established in 1774
Pennsylvania in the American Civil War
Philadelphia in the American Revolution
Military units and formations in Pennsylvania
1774 establishments in Pennsylvania
Companies of the United States Army National Guard
Edward Kendall Crace ( 1844–1892 ) was an Australian pastoralist who owned extensive land holdings around Canberra .
Crace was the son of the English interior designer John Gregory Crace ( 1809-1889 ) and his wife , Sarah Jane Hine Langley .
Crace owned the properties of Ginninderra and Gungahlin and added Charnwood to his holdings in 1880 . He arrived in Australia in 1865 on the Duncan Dunbar after being shipwrecked . In 1871 he married Kate Marion who had also been on the Duncan Dunbar and they had six daughters and two sons . One son , Everard Crace founded a farmers union to promote more scientific farming methods , and his other son , also named John Gregory Crace became a commander in the Royal Australian Navy . Edward Crace and his coachman died when trying to cross a flooded Ginninderra Creek in 1892 .
The suburb of Crace is named after him , as is Crace Street in Weetangera .
References
Exploring the ACT and Southeast New South Wales , J. Kay McDonald , Kangaroo Press , Sydney , 1985
1844 births
1892 deaths
People from the Australian Capital Territory
Australian pastoralists
19th-century Australian businesspeople
Neta Harpaz ( , born Neta Goldberg in 1893 , died 11 October 1970 ) was a Zionist activist and Israeli politician .
Biography
Born in the village of Kosów Lacki near Siedlce in the Russian Empire ( today in Poland ) , Harpaz was educated in a heder and yeshiva . He made aliyah to Ottoman-controlled Palestine in 1909 . He joined the Poale Zion party , and in 1914 was elected to the central committee of Hapoel Hatzair . In 1919 he was amongst the founders and leadership of Ahdut HaAvoda ( amongst Eliahu Golomb , Schlomo Kaplanski , and David Bloch ) , and also helped establish the Histadrut trade union . Harpaz was also a member of Po'alei Tzion . He was also a member of the Provisional World Council for HeHalutz , and in 1926 became a member of the Agricultural Association and its director of the Department of Villages . He helped unionise workers in agricultural villages , and was amongst the founders of the Yakhin and Hekel food processing factories .
He served as a delegate to the Assembly of Representatives and was a member of the Jewish National Council . In the elections to the first Knesset in 1949 , he was elected on the Mapai list . He lost his seat in the 1951 elections and died in 1970 .
References
External links
1893 births
1970 deaths
Members of the Assembly of Representatives ( Mandatory Palestine )
Emigrants from the Russian Empire to the Ottoman Empire
Jews from the Russian Empire
Jewish Israeli politicians
Jewish National Council members
Ashkenazi Jews in Ottoman Palestine
Ashkenazi Jews in Mandatory Palestine
Polish Zionists
Mapai politicians
Ahdut HaAvoda politicians
Members of the 1st Knesset ( 1949–1951 )
Burials at Segula Cemetery
The 2011 Seguros Bolívar Open San José was a professional tennis tournament played on hard courts . It was the first edition of the tournament which is part of the 2011 ATP Challenger Tour . It took place in San José , Costa Rica between 14 and 20 March 2011 .
ATP entrants
Seeds
Rankings are as of March 7 , 2011 .
Other entrants
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw :
Andrea Collarini
Juan Sebastián Gómez
Ignaci Roca
Eduardo Struvay
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw :
Felipe Escobar
Edgar López
Rodrigo Grilli
Esteban Vargas
The following player received entry as a lucky loser :
Enrique Naranjo
Champions
Singles
Giovanni Lapentti def . Igor Kunitsyn , 7–5 , 6–3
Doubles
Juan Sebastián Cabal / Robert Farah def . Luis Díaz Barriga / Santiago González , 6–3 , 6–3
External links
Official Site
ITF Search
ATP official site
Seguros Bolivar Open San Jose
Hard court tennis tournaments
Monocerotesa proximesta is a moth of the family Geometridae first described by Jeremy Daniel Holloway in 1993 . It is found in Borneo .
The wingspan is 9–10 mm .
External links
Boarmiini
Sanski Most ( , ) is a town and municipality located in the Una-Sana Canton of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina , an entity of Bosnia and Herzegovina . It is situated on the banks of the Sana River in northwestern Bosnia and Herzegovina , in the region of Bosanska Krajina , between Prijedor and Ključ . As of 2013 , it has a population of 41,475 inhabitants .
Geography
It is located on the Sana River in Bosanska Krajina , between Prijedor and Ključ . Administratively it is part of the Una-Sana Canton of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina . The Town sits on Nine Rivers , the Nine Rivers are : Sana , Dabar , Zdena , Bliha , Majdanska Rijeka , Japra , Sasinka and Kozica
History
In 1878 the little town ( varošica ) of Sanski Most was described as Muslim by Croatian historian Vjekoslav Klaić . From 1929 to 1941 , Sanski Most was part of the Vrbas Banovina of the Kingdom of Yugoslavia .
During World War II it was part of the Axis Independent State of Croatia ( NDH ) , where the fascist Ustaše regime committed the Genocide of the Serbs and the Holocaust . At the beginning of May 1941 in several villages south-east of Sanski Most ( Kijevo , Tramošnja , Kozica , etc . ) the first armed conflict between the Ustaše and insurgent Serbs occurred . The event is known as the Đurđevdan uprising . In August 1941 on the Eastern Orthodox Elijah 's holy day , who is the patron saint of Bosnia and Herzegovina , between 2,800 and 5,500 Serbs from Sanski Most and the surrounding area were killed and thrown into pits which have been dug by victims themselves . The State Anti-fascist Council for the National Liberation of Bosnia and Herzegovina ( ZAVNOBiH ) held its second meeting from 30 June to 2 July 1944 in the town ; it declared the equality of Muslims ( Bosniaks ) , Serbs and Croats .
During the Bosnian War , the town was controlled by the Army of Republika Srpska ( Bosnian Serbs ) and remained under its control until October 1995 when the Army of Bosnia and Herzegovina took over it during Operation Sana shortly before the end of the war . The Bosniaks and other Non Serbs were set to large ethnic cleansing during its control by the Army of Republika Srpska ( VRS ) . Many Serbs from Sanski Most and Bosniaks from Prijedor exchanged homes due to their refugee status and the opposing federations .
In 1996 , Serb-inhabited Oštra Luka was split from Sanski Most and ceded to the Republika Srpska entity .
Demographics
Population
Ethnic composition
Economy
There are several non-governmental organisations in Sanski Most . Center for Peacebuilding , in the local language `` Centar za Izgradnju Mira ( CIM ) '' has been active in the city since 2004 . The `` Fenix Center '' , Centar Fenix provides humanitarian aid to the persons in need in the local community . The organisation `` Krajiška Suza '' is providing care in medical , social , psychological , cultural and existential needs of people living in and around Sanski Most . Austrian manufacturer of exhaust pipes Remus has a manufacturing facility in Sanski Most that employs around 300 people . Sanski Most was selected as one of the most successful local communities within the UNDP project that was financed by Swiss embassy .
Sport
The football club of the town is NK Podgrmeč .
Gallery
Notable people
Mehmed Alagić , general
Milan Vukić , chess grandmaster
Anna Ibrisagic , Swedish politician
Enver Redžić , historian
Kemal Malovčić , singer
Milenko Zorić , Serbian sprint canoer , silver medalist at the 2016 Summer Olympics , World and European champion
Vukašin Brajić , singer
Milka Milinković , Paralympic track and field athlete , Croatia 's most successful Paralympian
See also
Una-Sana Canton
Bosanska Krajina
References
Citations
Bibliography
External links
Official site
http : //www.sanskimost.com/
http : //www.sanski-most.info
https : //web.archive.org/web/20090106174502/http : //www.sanskaognjista.org/
Center for Peacebuilding web presence
Krajiška Suza web presence
Samma may refer to :
Samma ( tribe ) , a Sindhi clan in Pakistan and India
Samma , Estonia , a village in Viru-Nigula Parish , Lääne-Viru County , Estonia
Samma , Jordan , a village in Irbid Governorate , northern Jordan
Samma dynasty , a 14th century dynasty in Sindh , parts of Balochistan and Punjab
Sultan Samma ( born 1986 ) , Indonesian footballer
See also
Stjepan Veselic ( born October 24 , 1974 in Rotterdam , Netherlands ) is a retired Dutch middleweight Muay Thai kickboxer . He is a former World and European champion in Muay Thai . Veselic had a tendency to go head-to-head with his opponents , which made him a favorite with fight fans .
Biography and career
Born of mixed Croatian-Dutch descent , Veselic started kickboxing at the age of 16 . He fought out of Rotterdam for Pattaya Gym . His trainer was Ruud de Ronde alongside Herman Van Den Berge , Peter Mul , Ronald Wismeyer and Elroy Hage . Veselic is passionate fan of football club Feyenoord and during his career he fought in the Feyenoord colours and with the initials of Sporting Club Feyenoord 1908 on his short . He retired as a former WPKL Muay Thai Dutch , European and World Champion .
Titles
2000 World Professional Kickboxing League ( WPKL ) Muay Thai World Middleweight Champion ( 3 title defenses )
2000 WPKL Muay Thai European Middleweight Champion
2000 WPKL Muay Thai Dutch Middleweight Champion
1998 WPKL Muay Thai Dutch Super Welterweight Champion ( 1 title defense )
1996 NKBB Kickboxing Dutch Super Welterweight Champion
Kickboxing record
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 2005-10-05 || Win ||align=left| Chiba || The Last Performance || Rotterdam , Netherlands || KO || 1 || || 38-14
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 2005-04-03 || Win ||align=left| Mot Eck Muangsemaa || A Tribute to Leo de Snoo || Rotterdam , Netherlands || TKO || || || 37-14
|- style= '' background : # fbb ; ''
| 2004-05-20 || Loss ||align=left| Gago Drago || It 's Showtime 2004 Amsterdam || Netherlands || Decision ( Unanimous ) || 5 || 3:00 || 36-14
|- style= '' background : # fbb ; ''
| 2004-03-21 || Loss ||align=left| Pajonsuk || Veselic vs. Lumpini 's No . 1 || Rotterdam , Netherlands || KO ( Elbows ) || 3 || || 36-13
|-
! style=background : white colspan=9 |
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 2003-10-05 || Win ||align=left| Laurant Piriqet || Night of Explosions || Rotterdam , Netherlands || KO || || || 36-12
|- style= '' background : # fbb ; ''
| 2003-04-06 || Loss ||align=left| Gago Drago || K-1 World Grand Prix 2003 Preliminary Holland || Netherlands || KO ( Right Knee Strike ) || 3 || 2:40 || 35-12
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 2003-02-16 || Win ||align=left| Sakmongkol Sithchuchok || || Rotterdam , Netherlands || TKO ( Corner Stoppage ) || 2 || || 35-11
|-
! style=background : white colspan=9 |
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 2002-10-13 || Win ||align=left| Vincent Vielvoye || 2H2H 5 : Simply the Best || Rotterdam , Netherlands || KO || 4 || || 34-11
|-
! style=background : white colspan=9 |
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 2002-09-08 || Win ||align=left| Eddy Saban || || Rotterdam , Netherlands || KO || || || 33-11
|- style= '' background : # fbb ; ''
| 2002-04-21 || Loss ||align=left| Najim Ettouhlali || Victory or Hell || Amsterdam , Netherlands || KO || || || 32-11
|- style= '' background : # fbb ; ''
| 2002-02-03 || Loss ||align=left| Rayen Simson || || Rotterdam , Netherlands || Decision ( Unanimous ) || 5 || 3:00 || 32-10
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 2001-04-29 || Win ||align=left| Sergei Karpin || || Rotterdam , Netherlands || TKO ( Doctor Stoppage ) || 1 || || 32-9
|-
! style=background : white colspan=9 |
|- style= '' background : # fbb ; ''
| 2001-03-03 || Loss ||align=left| Jomhod Kiatadisak || The Night of Explosion || Rotterdam , Netherlands || Decision || 5 || 3:00 || 31-9
|- style= '' background : # fbb ; ''
| 2000-12-12 || Loss ||align=left| Sergei Karpin || It 's Showtime || Haarlem , Netherlands || KO || 1 || || 31-8
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 2000-11-12 || Win ||align=left| Andreas Marchetti || The Night of Explosion || Rotterdam , Netherlands || KO || 3 || || 31-7
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 2000-09-03 || Win ||align=left| Dejpitak Sityodtong || Veselic meets Dejpitak || Rotterdam , Netherlands || KO || || || 30-7
|-
! style=background : white colspan=9 |
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 2000-06-04 || Win ||align=left| Andy Souwer || Night of Revenge || Amsterdam , Netherlands || KO || 1 || || 29-7
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 2000-04-16 || Win ||align=left| Hassan Ettaki || Thrill of the Year || Rotterdam , Netherlands || KO || 1 || || 28-7
|-
! style=background : white colspan=9 |
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 2000-01-23 || Win ||align=left| Vincent Vielvoye || Day of No Mercy || Rotterdam , Netherlands || KO || 3 || || 27-7
|-
! style=background : white colspan=9 |
|- style= '' background : # fbb ; ''
| 1999-12-05 || Loss ||align=left| Yodsuriyan Sith Yodthong || King 's Birthday 1999 || Bangkok , Thailand || KO || 1 || || 26-7
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 1999-10-30 || Win ||align=left| Gerold Mamadeus || Night of Sensation || Rotterdam , Netherlands || KO || 2 || || 26-6
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 1999-09-25 || Win ||align=left| Rachid Biner || || Vlaardingen , Netherlands || KO || || || 25-6
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 1999-02-07 || Win ||align=left| Abdel Terzati || Matter of Honour || Rotterdam , Netherlands || Decision ( Unanimous ) || 5 || 3:00 || 24-6
|-
! style=background : white colspan=9 |
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 1998-12-03 || Win ||align=left| Abdel Terzati || Night of Superstars || Amsterdam , Netherlands || DQ ( Illegal Blow ) || || || 23-6
|-
! style=background : white colspan=9 |
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 1998-11-28 || Win ||align=left| El Azzouz || || Rotterdam , Netherlands || KO || || || 22-6
|- style= '' background : # fbb ; ''
| 1998-05-23 || Loss ||align=left| Rayen Simson || Muay Thai Champions League || Roosendaal , Netherlands || KO || 1 || || 21-6
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 1998-05-23 || Win ||align=left| Mangonjuk || Muay Thai Champions League || Roosendaal , Netherlands || KO || 3 || || 21-5
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 1997-12-13 || Win ||align=left| Yucel Fidan || || Den Bosch , Netherlands || Decision ( Unanimous ) || 5 || 3:00 || 20-5
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 1997-11-02 || Win ||align=left| Dave Delville || || Rotterdam , Netherlands || KO || || || 19-5
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 1997-06-01 || Win ||align=left| Arnold Sas || Battle of Amsterdam || Amsterdam , Netherlands || Decision ( Unanimous ) || 5 || 3:00 || 18-5
|- style= '' background : # fbb ; ''
| 1997-04- ? || Loss ||align=left| Najim Ettouhlali || || Amsterdam , Netherlands || KO || || || 17-5
|- style= '' background : # fbb ; ''
| 1997-02-01 || Loss ||align=left| Hassan Ettaki || || Rabat , Morocco || KO || || || 17-4
|- style= '' background : # fbb ; ''
| 1996-09-10 || Loss ||align=left| Dmitriy Pyasetsky || || Prague , Czech Republic || KO || || || 17-3
|-
! style=background : white colspan=9 |
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 1996-05-18 || Win ||align=left| Marvin Irion || || Emmen , Netherlands || KO || 2 || || 17-2
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 1996-02-04 || Win ||align=left| Robbie Nelson || || Dordrecht , Netherlands || TKO || 2 || || 16-2
|-
! style=background : white colspan=9 |
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 1995-11-14 || Win ||align=left| Rogier van der Heijden || Zilvermeeuwen || Zaandam , Netherlands || Decision ( Unanimous ) || 5 || 3:00 || 15-2
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 1995-06-18 || Win ||align=left| Nadir LaReche || || Breda , Netherlands || TKO || 1 || || 14-2
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 1995-05-08 || Win ||align=left| Aad Aldus || || Rotterdam , Netherlands || KO || 2 || || 13-2
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 1995-02-06 || Win ||align=left| Jimmy Hoover || || Rotterdam , Netherlands || Decision ( Unanimous ) || 5 || 2:00 || 12-2
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 1994-12-18 || Win ||align=left| Kaci || || Amsterdam , Netherlands || TKO || || || 11-2
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 1994-10-10 || Win ||align=left| Santjoe || || Rotterdam , Netherlands || KO || 1 || || 10-2
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 1994-06-27 || Win ||align=left| Mehmet Coban || || Rotterdam , Netherlands || KO || 1 || || 9-2
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 1994-05-16 || Win ||align=left| Damink || || Rotterdam , Netherlands || KO || 1 || 0:01 || 8-2
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 1994-04-18 || Win ||align=left| Franssachio || || Germany || KO || 3 || || 7-2
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 1994-03-05 || Win ||align=left| Don Kempers || || Breda , Netherlands || TKO ( Referee Stoppage ) || 3 || || 6-2
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 1993-11-27 || Win ||align=left| Bernard Veenstra || || Marum , Netherlands || KO || 1 || || 5-2
|- style= '' background : # fbb ; ''
| 1993-05-16 || Loss ||align=left| El Ejjouri || || Sliedrecht , Netherlands || TKO ( Corner Stoppage ) || || || 4-2
|- style= '' background : # fbb ; ''
| 1996-09-10 || Loss ||align=left| Renato Haseth || || Groningen , Netherlands || Decision ( Unanimous ) || || || 4-1
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 1993-01-23 || Win ||align=left| van de Berg || || Amsterdam , Netherlands || KO || 1 || 0:15 || 4-0
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 1992-12-14 || Win ||align=left| Wokke || || Rotterdam , Netherlands || Decision ( Unanimous ) || || || 3-0
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 1992-06-14 || Win ||align=left| Kemmeren || || Breda , Netherlands || Decision ( Unanimous ) || || || 2-0
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 1992-04-10 || Win ||align=left| Ozden || || Germany || KO || 1 || 0:25 || 1-0
|-
| colspan=9 | Legend :
See also
List of K-1 events
List of male kickboxers
References
1974 births
Living people
Dutch male kickboxers
Middleweight kickboxers
Dutch Muay Thai practitioners
Sportspeople from Rotterdam
Presidential elections were held in the Maldives on 1 October 1993 . Maumoon Abdul Gayoom was the sole candidate nominated by Parliament . His candidacy was approved by 92.8 % of voters .
Results
References
Maldives
1993 in the Maldives
Presidential elections in the Maldives
Single-candidate elections
October 1993 events in Asia
Election and referendum articles with incomplete results
St. Paul Camp Ground , also known as St. Paul A.M.E. Zion Camp Ground , is a historic African Methodist Episcopal camp meeting and national historic district located near Harleyville , Dorchester County , South Carolina . The district encompasses 43 contributing buildings . It was established about 1880 , and the buildings and grounds are used for one week each year . The tabernacle is a one-story building clad in rough-sawn weatherboard . Also on the property are 54 tents , two stores , and a storage house .
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1998 .
References
African-American history of South Carolina
Methodist churches in South Carolina
Properties of religious function on the National Register of Historic Places in South Carolina
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in South Carolina
Churches in Dorchester County , South Carolina
National Register of Historic Places in Dorchester County , South Carolina
Kosmos 801 ( meaning Cosmos 801 ) , also known as DS-P1-I No.16 was a satellite which was used as a radar target for anti-ballistic missile tests . It was launched by the Soviet Union in 1976 as part of the Dnepropetrovsk Sputnik programme .
It was launched aboard a Kosmos-2I 63SM rocket , from Site 133/1 at Plesetsk . The launch occurred at 14:39 UTC on 5 February 1976 .
Kosmos 801 was placed into a low Earth orbit with a perigee of , an apogee of , 71 degrees of inclination , and an orbital period of 95.3 minutes . It decayed from orbit on 5 January 1978 .
Kosmos 801 was the sixteenth of nineteen DS-P1-I satellites to be launched . Of these , all reached orbit successfully except the seventh .
See also
1976 in spaceflight
References
1976 in spaceflight
Kosmos satellites
Spacecraft launched in 1976
Dnepropetrovsk Sputnik program
Eduardo Díez de Medina ( 8 February 1881 – 27 June 1955 ) , was born in La Paz , Bolivia , and was Bolivia 's Minister of Foreign Affairs and Worship on three occasions . In 1941 Diez de Medina submitted himself to trial after he was accused of selling life-saving Bolivian visas to up to 15,000 Jews in Europe during World War II .
Political career
Medina was Bolivia 's Minister of Foreign Affairs and Worship in 1923 , 1925 and from 1936 to 1939 .
He signed on 9 July 1925 the Carillo-Diez de Medina treaty with Argentine representative Horacio Carillo , which settled a long border dispute between Argentina and Bolivia . He also negotiated with U.S. Secretary of State Frank B. Kellogg a plan to grant Bolivia the city of Arica , thereby granting it access to the sea . The plan , which was to result from an American mediation between Peru and Chile , failed due to a change in U.S. foreign policy following the election of President Herbert Hoover . Diez de Medina also enacted , together with Peruvian emissary M. Elias Bonemaison , the Treaty of 23 September 1902 , which demarcated the border between Bolivia and Peru . In addition , he served as Latin American liaison to the League of Nations .
In 1941 Diez de Medina fell out of favor amidst a jingoistic political climate when he voluntarily submitted himself to trial after he was accused of selling life-saving Bolivian visas to up to 15,000 Jews in Berlin , Warsaw , Kaunas and Stockholm . Over 1,000 blank immigration permits were found for distribution in Warsaw , Hamburg , Genoa and Paris .
References
http : //www.argentina-rree.com/7/7-069.htm
https : //web.archive.org/web/20050411104310/http : //www.rree.gov.bo/MINISTERIO/Ministros.htm
http : //www.boliviaweb.com/mar/capitulo11.htm
https : //web.archive.org/web/20051220085409/http : //www.rree.gob.pe/portal/pexterior.nsf/0/71678f6d2373afad05256c5b0076c3bc ? OpenDocument
Specific
1881 births
1955 deaths
People from La Paz
Foreign ministers of Bolivia
Bolivian diplomats
Hayales is a barrio in the municipality of Coamo , Puerto Rico . Its population in 2010 was 1,221 .
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States . In 1899 , the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the population of Hayales barrio was 989 .
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
References
External links
Barrios of Coamo , Puerto Rico
Pierre Girault de Nolhac ( 15 December 1859 , Ambert – 31 January 1936 , Paris ) , known as Pierre de Nolhac , was a French historian , art historian and poet .
Biography
After studying at Le Puy-en-Velay , in Rodez and Clermont-Ferrand , Pierre de Nolhac went to Paris in 1880 to undertake a literature degree at the Sorbonne and the École pratique des hautes études , where he later became director of studies . A Member of the French School of Rome in 1882 , he worked there on Italian humanism of the sixteenth century . In 1886 , he was attached to the Museum in the Palace of Versailles and became curator in 1892 , founding a chair of art history within the École du Louvre in 1910 , then retiring to the Musée Jacquemart-André in 1920 . He was elected a member of the Académie française in 1922 .
His activities in the museum of Versailles were crucial , since they contributed greatly to modernisation and to restoring the collections , including the furniture , which had been dispersed during the French Revolution . He played a role in the preparations for the Treaty of Versailles , which took place in the Palace in June 1919 .
Pierre de Nolhac left a substantial body of work largely devoted to history , especially to Renaissance humanism . During his stay at the French School of Rome ( 1882-1885 ) , he discovered unpublished manuscripts of Petrarch in the Vatican library , and the discovery helped advance knowledge about his subject . His monograph on Fulvio Orsini is still authoritative . He also devoted several books to Queen Marie-Antoinette at Versailles . His work as a poet was recognised in his own time , notably by his friend , the Italian poet Gabriele d'Annunzio .
The central library of Versailles has many manuscripts of major works by Pierre de Nolhac , including Erasmus and Italy , Queen Marie Antoinette , Nattier , Louis XV and Marie Leszczynska . Also available are the original of his 1924 acceptance speech to the Académie française and his very extensive correspondence with figures as diverse as Marcel Proust , Henri Bergson , Leconte de Lisle , Ernest Renan , Mussolini or Lyautey .
A postage stamp was issued bearing his image February 13 , 1960 .
A street in Versailles , near the castle between the Dufour Pavilion and the Grand Commun , bears his name .
He is the father of the painter Henri de Nolhac .
Works
Le Dernier Amour de Ronsard ( 1882 )
Lettres de Joachim Du Bellay publiées pour la première fois d'après les originaux ( 1883 )
Le Canzoniere autographe de Pétrarque ( 1886 )
La Bibliothèque de Fulvio Orsini ( 1887 )
Petite Notes sur l'art italien ( 1887 )
Erasme en Italie . Les études grecques de Pétrarque ( 1888 )
Les Correspondants d'Alde Manuce ( 1888 )
Matériaux nouveaux d'histoire littéraire ( 1483–1514 ) ( 1888 )
Le Château de Versailles au temps de Marie-Antoinette ( 1889 )
Piero Vettori et Carlo Sigonio , correspondance avec Fulvio Orsini ( 1889 )
La Reine Marie-Antoinette ( 1889 )
Les Consignes de Marie-Antoinette au Petit Trianon ( 1890 )
Le De viris illustribus de Pétrarque , notice sur les manuscrits originaux , suivie de fragments inédits ( 1890 )
Il viaggio in Italia di Enrico III , re di Francia , e le feste a Venezia , Ferrara , Mantova e Torin ( 1890 )
De Patrum et bledii Aevi scriptorum codicibus in Bibliotheca Petrarcae olim collectis , thesis ( 1892 )
Pétrarque et l'Humanisme , thèse ( 1892 )
Marie-Antoinette à Trianon ( 1893 )
Paysages de France et d'Italie ( 1894 )
Pietro Bembo et Lazare de Baïf ( 1894 )
Le Château de Versailles musée d'art décoratif ( 1896 )
La Dauphine Marie-Antoinette ( 1896 )
Le Musée de Versailles . Le Virgile du Vatican et ses peintures ( 1897 )
Le Premier Travail français sur Euripide : la traduction de François Tissard ( 1898 )
Le Château de Versailles sous Louis XV ( 1898 )
Les Dernières Constructions de Le Vau à Versailles ( 1899 )
Histoire du château de Versailles ( 1899–1900 )
L'Allée d'eau des jardins de Versailles ( 1900 )
Louis XV et Marie Leszczynska ( 1900 )
Trianon de porcelaine . La Création de Versailles ( 1901 )
Louis XV et Madame de Pompadour ( 1903 )
Poèmes de France et d'Italie ( 1904 )
Jean Marc Nattier ( 1905 )
Les Jardins de Versailles ( 1906 )
François Boucher ( 1907 )
Les Sonnets ( 1907 )
Jean-Honoré Fragonard ( 1910 )
Versailles sous Louis XIV ( 1911 )
Versailles au XVIIIe siècle ( 1918 )
Vers pours la Patrie ( 1920 )
Ronsard et l'Humanisme ( 1921 )
Souvenirs d'un vieux Romain ( 1922 ) ( 1930 )
Un poète rhénan ami de la Pléiade : Paul Melissu ( 1923 )
Études sur la Cour de France ( 1924 )
Le Trianon de Marie-Antoinette ( 1924 )
Pierre de Ronsard ( 1924 )
Pascal en Auvergne ( 1925 )
Versailles inconnu ( 1925 )
Le Testament d'un Latin ( 1928 )
L'Art de la miniature chez Pétrarque ( 1928 )
Autour de la Reine ( 1929 )
La Vie et l'œuvre de Maurice Quentin de Latour ( 1930 )
Pages auvergnates ( 1931 )
L'Art à Versailles ( 1931 )
Contes philosophiques ( 1932 )
Laus Florentiae , con la versione italiana di Adolfo Mabellini ( 1932 )
Le Rameau d'or ( 1933 )
Louis XV à Versailles ( c1934 )
La Duchesse de la Valliere after Mignard
Other works
Saint-André , Claude , A king 's favourite : Madame du Barry and her times from hitherto unpublished documents London , Herbert Jenkins , 1915 . Introduction by Pierre de Nolhac .
References
Bibliography
Pierre de Nolhac , La Résurrection de Versailles , Souvenirs d'un conservateur , 1887-1920 ( Plon , 1937 ) ; reissue presented and annotated by Christophe Pincemaille , coll . La Société des Amis de Versailles ( Paris , Perrin , 2002 , p. 251 )
Franck Ferrand , Ils ont sauvé Versailles ( Perrin , 2004 )
Claire Salvy , Pierre de Nolhac 1859-1936 ( Les Editions du Roure , 2009 )
External links
Académie française
Digitised version of Nolhac 's Versailles and the Trianons ( 1906 ) in English
1859 births
1936 deaths
20th-century French historians
French poets
French art historians
Members of the Académie Française
French male poets
French male non-fiction writers
19th-century French historians
The Raleigh and Gaston Railroad was a Raleigh , North Carolina , based railroad opened in April 1840 between Raleigh and the town of Gaston , North Carolina , on the Roanoke River . It was North Carolina 's second railroad ( the Wilmington and Weldon Railroad opened one month earlier ) . The length was and built with gauge . Part of the Raleigh and Gaston 's tracks remains in service today as part of CSX 's S Line as the Norlina Subdivision of CSX 's Florence Division .
History
Construction on the line began in 1836 . At the north end , the line initially crossed the Roanoke River near Roanoke Rapids on a 1,040-foot long bridge to connect the line to Gaston . In Gaston , it connected with the Greensville and Roanoke Railroad ( which was operated by the Petersburg Railroad ) . In 1852 , the line was extended from Roanoke Rapids east to Weldon .
The Raleigh and Gaston Railroad served the Confederacy during the American Civil War . Its track provided a link in a route that provided the most direct route from Richmond , Virginia and Raleigh at the time . During the fall of Richmond , the original bridge over the Roanoke River at Gaston was destroyed and was never rebuilt . After the war , the line was reconnected to the north side of the river when the Seaboard and Roanoke Railroad rebuilt their bridge over the Roanoke River at Weldon .
The railroad built the Franklinton Depot in 1886 . It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990 .
The Raleigh and Gaston Railroad merged with the Seaboard Air Line Railroad ( SAL ) in 1900 . At the same time , SAL finished a line running from Norlina north to Richmond , Virginia ( which was chartered by the Richmond , Petersburg and Carolina Railroad ) . This line , along with the former Raleigh and Gaston Railroad from Norlina south became the SAL 's main line . The line from Norlina to Weldon became part of SAL 's Portsmouth Subdivision .
In 1967 , the SAL merged with its rival , the Atlantic coastline Railroad ( ACL ) . The merged company was named the Seaboard coastline Railroad ( SCL ) . After the merger , the ex-SAL main line became known as the S Line in the combined network . Track from Norlina to Weldon was then known as the Roanoke Rapid Subdivision , which has since been abandoned .
In 1980 , the Seaboard coastline 's parent company merged with the Chessie System , creating the CSX Corporation . The CSX Corporation initially operated the Chessie and Seaboard Systems separately until 1986 , when they were merged into CSX Transportation . CSX abandoned the S Line ( the designation for the former Seaboard Air Line main line ) north of Norlina into Virginia in 1985 .
Current Conditions
Today , much of the Raleigh and Gaston Railroad remains in service . Track from Raleigh to Norlina is now CSX 's Norlina Subdivision . Track from Norlina to Roanoke Rapids was abandoned in 1983 , but the short segment from Weldon to Roanoke Rapids is still in service as CSX 's Roanoke Rapids Spur ( which connects to CSX 's A Line ) .
Station listing
Notes
See also
Raleigh and Gaston / Seaboard coastline Building
List of defunct North Carolina railroads
References
External links
North Carolina Office of Archives and History : Marker E-22 : Raleigh and Gaston Railroad
CSA-railroads.com : Raleigh & Gaston Railroad
DocSouth : Proceedings of the Sixth Annual Meeting of the Stockholders of the Raleigh & Gaston Railroad Company
NY Times : Raleigh and Gaston shareholders approve Seaboard consolidation
NPS : Early History -- Raleigh : A Capital City
NC Go - History of Transportation - 1800-1850
4 ft 8 in gauge railways in the United States
Defunct North Carolina railroads
Predecessors of the Seaboard Air Line Railroad
Railway companies established in 1835
Railway companies disestablished in 1901
Defunct Georgia ( U.S. state ) railroads
Defunct South Carolina railroads
American companies established in 1835
American companies disestablished in 1901
is a Shinto shrine in Naha , Okinawa Prefecture , Japan , the ichinomiya ( primary shrine ) of the prefecture . It sits atop a high bluff , overlooking Naminoue Beach and the ocean .
Originally a sacred space of the native Ryukyuan religion , due to its location and natural beauty , it was dedicated to nirai kanai , the mythical source of all life , and to the sea . At some point it came to be known as Hana gusuku and Nanminsan ; Nanmin is the Okinawan reading of 波上 , meaning `` above the waves '' , which is pronounced as Naminoue in standard Japanese .
In 1890 , it was recognized in the system of State Shinto . It is among the ranked , nationally significant shrines or .
History
According to legend , it was founded after a fisherman , who had come to that spot to fish everyday , caught a mysterious stone . He began to pray to it , and began to receive better hauls in his fishing ; the stone glowed , and the man treasured it . However , the gods ( kami ) stole the stone , and the man fled . From then on , there was an oracle at that spot , until the time when it became known as Nanminsan . Other stories tell that the man was visited by an avatar of , who commanded the spiritual protection of the nation , and that , the man having related such to the royal government , the shrine was erected .
According to the historical document Ryūkyū-koku yurai-ki ( 琉球国由来記 , `` Record of the Origin of the Kingdom of Ryūkyū ) , a Buddhist temple was founded on the site , to be associated with the shrine , in 1367 , by Raijū , a monk from Japan 's Satsuma province . This was called Naminoue-san Gokoku-ji ( 波上山護国寺 , `` Temple for the Protection of the Country , Naminoue Mountain '' ) .
The shrine then came to be associated with protection of the many ships coming and going from Naha 's port , as Okinawa 's trade with Korea , China , Japan , and regions to the south expanded . Prayers were made for safe journeys , and kami of the sea , of navigation and related matters were enshrined there . In addition , at the beginning of each year , the King visited the shrine and formally prayed on behalf of all the nation for good harvests and good fishing , and for the peace and prosperity of the nation . Thus , Naminoue came to be the top shrine of the kingdom . It was officially recorded as such in 1605 , in Ryūkyū Shintō-ki ( A Record of Ryūkyū Shinto ) by Taichū Shōnin , a Japanese Buddhist monk .
In 1633 , the shrine was destroyed by fire ; and it was re-built .
Following the Meiji Restoration , the Ryūkyū Kingdom was dissolved and formally annexed by Japan as Okinawa Prefecture . The shrine was formally established as a Shinto shrine under the Imperial Household Agency in 1890 , and designated as the shrine for the protection of the tranquility of all Okinawa ( 沖縄総鎮守社 , Okinawa sōchinshu sha ) . In 1924 , it was officially designated the center of religious affairs on the island . Symbols of Minamoto no Tametomo , and Ryukyuan kings Shunten , Shō En , Shō Nei , and Shō Tai were enshrined there as the primary objects of worship , as part of efforts to integrate the Ryukyuan royal line into the Japanese system of nobility and Imperial authority .
During the Sino-Japanese War ( 1894-5 ) and Russo-Japanese War ( 1904-5 ) , it was common for women to come to Naminoue to pray that their sons be deemed unfit for military service to the Japanese Empire .
The shrine was destroyed in the 1945 battle of Okinawa ; the honden ( main hall ) and shrine office were rebuilt in 1953 , as was the worship hall ( haiden ) , eight years later . Construction of a number of other buildings , including a number of smaller shrines within the grounds , was completed in 1993 .
See also
List of Shinto shrines
Twenty-Two Shrines
Modern system of ranked Shinto Shrines
Notes
References
Naminoue-gū ryakki ( 波上宮略記 ) . Official explanatory pamphlet from the shrine .
Shinto shrines in Okinawa Prefecture
Religious organizations established in 1890
Religious buildings and structures completed in 1890
Kumano faith
Kumano shrines
Beppyo shrines
The Wisconsin Tax Appeals Commission is an independent state agency that was created by the Wisconsin State Legislature to hear and determine disputes between taxpayers and the Wisconsin Departments of Revenue and Transportation . The Wisconsin Tax Appeals Commission also resolves tax disputes in the areas of individual income , corporate income , county sales tax , cigarette use , homestead credit , and many more . It has its own website , beginning in 2021 , at https : //taxappeals.wi.gov/Pages/home.aspx .
References
State agencies of Wisconsin
Natsumi Yabuuchi ( 薮内夏美 , born 21 July 1977 ) is a Japanese former basketball player who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics .
Born : Jul 21 , 1977 in Osaka
Height : 175 cm / 5.7 feet
Positions : Point Guard
Previous teams : Japan ( W ) ( )
References
1977 births
Living people
Japanese women 's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of Japan
Basketball players at the 2004 Summer Olympics
The Halifax Explosion Memorial Sculpture was a work of public art in Halifax , Nova Scotia , created in 1966 by the Quebec artist Jordi Bonet to commemorate the Halifax Explosion . The sculpture was located at the Halifax North Memorial Library but was dismantled in 2004 by the Halifax Regional Municipality and accidentally destroyed while in storage .
Background
On December 6 , 1917 , almost 2000 people were killed by the accidental explosion of the French ammunition ship Mont-Blanc in Halifax Harbour . The Halifax Relief Commission was created to take over relief and rehabilitation work , as well as the reconstruction of the city . In 1965 the Relief Commission donated $ 100,000 to assist construction of library branch in the North End of Halifax which would serve as a memorial to those killed in the disaster . The library was built in 1966 . As part of the new library , architects Keith L. Graham & Associates commissioned artist Jordi Bonet to create an outdoor sculpture that would commemorate the disaster and rebirth of the city . Bonet was a Spanish-born sculptor who worked in Quebec and who was known for his work with public art and spirituality .
Design
The sculpture was made of steel , iron , bronze and wood . Measuring 15 by 7 feet , it consisted of four parts . The first was a ball of jagged curved steel blades facing the street which symbolized the explosion . An actual fragment from the Mont-Blanc ammunition ship was attached to the base . The second part faced north and used bronze and battered wood to symbolize the human cost of the tragedy . It included a bronze casting with the outline of a doll symbolizing the hundreds of children who died . A third part facing south included a battered cogwheel representing industry and a bronze casting of a flower representing life . The fourth part , closest to the library , was a circular vertical column of uniform steel rods depicting the rebirth of the city .
Removal and destruction
Over 40 years the sculpture suffered some damage from exposure to weather . Damaged and detached parts were removed and stored at the library . In 2004 the sculpture was dismantled during library renovations which included reconstruction of the library courtyard . The sculpture was replaced by a new work North is Freedom by Doug Bamford and Stephen Brathwaite . According to the Halifax Regional Municipality , the sculpture could not be repaired and posed a safety risk and had to be stored while its fate was decided .
The sculpture was broken into pieces which were left unmarked and stored at various warehouses and city works yards across the city . A 2006 report by a consultant urged the city to identify the parts and bring them together . However this did not happen and several parts have disappeared including the key component known as `` the doll '' , the bronze casting representing the children of the explosion . The fragment from Mont-Blanc which was included in the sculpture has been preserved at the Maritime Museum of the Atlantic .
In 2010 a committee of artists and citizens was formed to urge the Halifax Regional Municipality to secure the surviving pieces and conduct an inventory to determine whether the sculpture can be restored and reintroduced into the public realm . By the summer of 2011 , the sculpture fragments had been brought together in a secure city storage location and the committee widened their search for the missing bronze `` doll '' from the sculpture . The city auditor , Larry Munroe , investigated the fate of the sculpture which he valued at $ 90,000-100,000 . Munroe said that all portions had been together until 2008 when they were dispersed and many were lost including the bronze doll which disappeared from city storage , `` There has been quite a search but the missing piece has never been found . There is no hope it will be found . '' The auditor made six recommendations to prevent further loss to the city 's art collection including a comprehensive inventory and a deaccessing procedures .
The citizen 's committee that had requested the preservation of sculpture hoped that the fragments would be stabilized and returned to display in the North End of Halifax as a continuing memorial to the Halifax Explosion . However in 2015 , the city secretly shipped the remnants of the sculpture to the family of the artist in Montreal . The final fate of the sculpture only emerged in 2018 when questions were asked about the security of the city 's art storage in the wake of the removal of the controversial Statue of Edward Cornwallis .
See also
List of firefighting monuments and memorials
List of public art in Halifax , Nova Scotia
References
External links
Paul Dunphy , Director , Community Development “ Status Update - Halifax Explosion Memorial ” Halifax Regional Municipality February 2 , 2011
Steel sculptures in Canada
1966 sculptures
Monuments and memorials in Nova Scotia
Outdoor sculptures in Canada
Culture of Halifax , Nova Scotia
Bronze sculptures in Canada
Wooden sculptures in Canada
Destroyed sculptures
1966 establishments in Canada
Firefighting memorials
is a music video game by Konami and is the eighth release in the main Dance Dance Revolution ( DDR ) series . It was released on December 25 , 2002 for Japanese arcades , on October 9 , 2003 for the Japanese PlayStation 2 , and on September 21 , 2004 for the North American PlayStation 2 . This game is the ninth release in North America , but despite having the same name as its Japanese counterpart , its gameplay and soundtrack is significantly different and won the Video Music Awards in 2005 on MTV for Best Video Game Soundtrack .
While the PlayStation 2 version came out in North America , the arcade version was exclusive to Japan . Despite this , the arcade version was exported to many arcades worldwide , most of them being bootlegged . Dance Dance Revolution Extreme was the last game in the main DDR arcade franchise for almost four years , until the worldwide release of Dance Dance Revolution SuperNova ( branded Dancing Stage SuperNova in Europe ) in 2006 . The arcade release of Extreme contains one of the largest soundtracks of any DDR game , featuring 240 songs , as well as music from other Bemani music titles . Konami issued an in-game thank you to the fans of Dance Dance Revolution and announced a rejuvenation of the entire series , but did not go into details . Konami 's announcement led people to believe that DDR Extreme might be the final DDR release , or that the series might be on hiatus or rebooted in the same manner as Beatmania and Beatmania IIDX .
Gameplay
DDR Extreme is similar to DDRMAX2 7th mix . The game introduced `` Beginner '' and `` Nonstop '' modes , a mode similar to the previous `` Challenge mode '' , but with an updated `` life bar '' , a graded rating at the end of each course and a random banner . Perhaps the most noticeable changes in DDR Extreme are the extra stage and the updated green color scheme . Players can pick their own song to try to pass the extra stage , including `` The Legend of Max '' . If they do well on the `` Extra Stage '' , they can progress to One More Extra Stage . The banner of Dance Dance Revolution unlocks access to other songs . If the player passes , a special ending is unlocked . New songs are introduced , including the Bemani revival songs , like `` Beatmania IIDX '' , `` pop'n music '' or `` Keyboardmania '' , and versions of DDR Solo , Home DDR and DDR Club songs created by DDR Extreme . A `` cheat code '' reveals the true number of songs , including hidden songs . Pressing the left and right buttons simultaneously unlocks the Series , Alphabetical , Beats-per-minute , Player-best and Default sort orders .
The home version was released October 9 , 2003 . This was a follow-up to the DDR Party Collection which featured 58 characters . DDR Extreme added characters Bus and Train , the dancer helpers in beginner mode . DDR Extreme included lesson mode and credits too . Also included were 4 new Bemani songs , 6 CS Extreme songs and a new song , Max . ( period ) . Unlocked characters can play all nonstop modes , Nonstop orders can be turned into Oni orders and a 'diet ' mode is available .
Courses
Nonstop mode uses the same gameplay and life found in regular modes , except that players must complete four consecutive songs without pausing . Also , players lose more of the dance gauge bar for each missed step as they progress further along each song .
Challenge mode , returning from DDRMAX2 Dance Dance Revolution 7thMix , is the most difficult game mode . In the arcade version , each player begins with four lives , and loses a life for breaking a combo ( getting a judgment of `` Good '' or inferior ) or letting go of a freeze arrow . Some songs replenish the life bar when completed , but if a player runs out of lives during a song , the game ends for that player . In the PlayStation 2 version , players are presented with specific goals to meet , such as passing a particular section of a song with different variations , playing a song with special modifiers , or earning a set score .
Nonstop and Challenge modes contain a new step judgment called Marvelous . The judgment uses a stricter timing window than Perfect , representing very accurate steps made by players . Marvelous is displayed after each such step in white , and is not displayed during normal gameplay . A fan project known as Dance Dance Revolution Extreme Pro enables the Marvelous judgment in all play modes .
Difficulty
DDR Extreme introduces two difficulty modes as mainstays in the series .
The first is Beginner mode , which appeared in Dance Dance Revolution USA and Dancing Stage EuroMix . It is easier than Light , only available in four-panel mode , and represented by a light-blue color . The background animations in Beginner mode are replaced with an on-screen dancer who follows the actual step patterns of the song , cueing the player when and where to step . Players are also given a brief tutorial on how to play Dance Dance Revolution after selecting their first stage . By default , `` Beginner '' mode automatically passes players on their first stage regardless of accuracy ; subsequent stages play to end of the song even if failed . Players can exit or enter Beginner mode anytime during stage selection .
The `` Challenge '' difficulty level is above `` Heavy '' , but the complexity of its step patterns are not necessarily always greater than `` Heavy '' . Challenge mode can not be selected at the start of the game ; instead , players must enter during stage selection , represented by a purple color . Unlike other difficulty levels , relatively few songs have a Challenge difficulty level . In contrast , some songs contain only Challenge step patterns and selecting them automatically chooses the Challenge level for those songs . In the arcade release of DDR Extreme , no visual indicates that a song has Challenge step patterns . In the PlayStation 2 release , icons representing each difficulty level including Beginner and Challenge light up when a highlighted song is playable on those levels . During normal gameplay , Challenge uses the same rules as other levels .
Extra Stage
DDR Extreme uses a slightly different rule for Extra Stage , although the basic principle remains the same . Players who rate AA or better on Heavy/Challenge difficulty access the Extra Stage . However , the player can choose any song for Extra Stage , though the regular ES modifiers ( 1.5x ( speed ) , Reverse ( scroll ) , Heavy ( difficulty ) , No Recovery dance meter ) still used . The Legend of MAX will be added on ES . If the player gets AA on The Legend of MAX as ES , the player access One More Extra Stage ( OMES ) , where Dance Dance Revolution is the sole choice ( using 3x ( speed ) , Reverse ( scroll ) , Challenge ( difficulty ) , and Sudden Death dance meter ) .
Extreme ( 2004 ) gameplay
Party Mode
Dance Dance Revolution Extreme introduced Party Mode which contains a number of mini games , some of which require the EyeToy accessory to play .
Hyper Dash
Hyper Dash does not require the EyeToy . The game uses the dance pad like the Power Pad and has players race each other down a city street avoiding obstacles and using power ups .
Feeding Time
Feeding Time does not require the EyeToy . A type of food is assigned to each arrow and players must step on the one that best matches the animal being displayed on screen .
Watch Me Dance
Watch Me Dance uses the EyeToy to place a live video of the player as the background during normal game play .
Clean the Screen
Clean the Screen requires players to move their arms across the EyeToy 's view to wipe away visual obstructions during normal game play .
Hands and Feet
Hands and Feet add two hand targets to the arrow receptors at the top of the screen during normal game play . A special difficulty appears during song select that lets players play with their hands and feet at the same time .
Magical Ball
Magical Ball does not require the dance pad . Players use their hands to knock a ball into a set of block in an effort to clear them all without losing the ball , similar to Arkanoid .
Coconut Panic
Coconut Panic does not require the dance pad . Players shake palm trees with their movement and attempt to catch all the falling coconuts .
Song wheel
In Dance Dance Revolution Extreme the song wheel introduced in Dance Dance Revolution 5thMix was altered and put in the center of the screen , song scrolling left and right instead of up and down . The banners are displayed at the top of screen with the Foot Ratings listed below in the center of the wheel . The Groove Radar has been removed and Nonstop and Challenge modes are selectable on the wheel instead of during difficulty select .
Workout Mode
Music
The arcade release of Dance Dance Revolution Extreme features 80 new songs of 240 total . Among the new songs , three are from Dancing Stage EuroMix 2 , and 11 are from both Club Version releases . The game received two regional releases for the PlayStation 2 ( PS2 ) , each with a different soundtrack . The Japanese release features a total of 111 songs , of which 68 are from the arcade release ; `` Senorita ( Speedy Mix ) '' and Club Version songs are excluded . The North American release features a total of 71 songs , of which 41 are from the arcade version .
Development
Dance Dance Revolution Extreme was developed by Konami Computer Entertainment Tokyo ( KCET ) and published in 2002 by Konami Digital Entertainment , Inc. ( KDEI ) . Yoshihiko Ota served as executive producer of the arcade release , with Naoki Maeda serving as the lead sound director .
The official soundtrack was released on Toshiba EMI 's Dancemania series of albums and contains two discs . The first disc contains a portion of the new music featured on the arcade and PlayStation 2 game along with the game 's menu music and an uncut version of Graduation ~~ performed by BeForU . The second disc is a nonstop megamix of the tracks from the first disc into a single uninterrupted performance . The megamix features the game 's menu music and the in-game announcer mimicking the feel of playing the arcade game .
Burger King promotion
In the fall of 2006 , Burger King in North America held a Dance Dance Revolution-themed promotion . Part of the promotion was a minigame on the Burger King website that if beaten provided an unlock code for the then two-year-old Dance Dance Revolution Extreme . Entering this code into the game unlocks the song `` Memories '' . Prior to the release of this code DDR fan groups who had read the contents of the game disc and noticed the song believed its absence to be a last minute change or a glitch .
Reception
It received a runner-up position in GameSpot 's 2004 `` Best Puzzle/Rhythm Game '' award category across all platforms , losing to Katamari Damacy .
Legacy
Fans have modified the Dance Dance Revolution Extreme engine to implement features that were first introduced in subsequent games . DDR Extreme Pro enables the Marvelous timing window in all play modes , a feature that debuted in Dance Dance Revolution SuperNova 2 . DDR Extreme Clarity improves upon Pro by adding Slow and Fast timing indicators , a feature only available at the operator 's discretion beginning with Dance Dance Revolution X2 , and only available with an e-Amusement membership since the 2014 release of DDR .
The lack of official releases outside of Japan led to bootlegged versions of Dance Dance Revolution Extreme . Most of these merely remove security checks compared to the original . Some have additional modifications , however :
Dance Dance Revolution Megamix modifies game graphics .
Dance Dance Revolution Extreme Plus modifies game graphics , including block-style graphics for regular arrows . It also adds a CPU speed modifier on Beginner , Light or Standard difficulties . If activated , this overclocks the System 573 CPU by 10 % or 20 % , which could cause damage to the CPU .
Dance Dance Revolution Extreme Clean replaces several songs , which could be considered inappropriate , with `` Healing Vision ~Angelic mix~ '' .
Dance Dance Revolution Extreme also saw bootleg cabinets , which use a PlayStation 2 home version of Extreme . These were recalled by Namco Cybertainment , as the game was of poorer quality than described .
To celebrate the 20th anniversary of Dance Dance Revolution , Dance Dance Revolution A received a DDR Selection mode , featuring songs from older mixes . Nine songs available in DDR Extreme , including two DDRMAX songs and three DDRMAX2 songs , can be played with the Extreme interface by using this mode . Dance Dance Revolution A20 also offers this mode .
Dance Dance Revolution A20 introduced the Legend License campaign on golden cabinets , adding a new cover version of a song from previous games as free downloadable content monthly . Of the five songs released to date , four are available in DDR Extreme :
A Barbie Young cover of `` Cartoon Heroes '' by Aqua was exclusively featured in DDR Extreme . On April 25 , 2019 , DDR A20 introduced a remix of `` Cartoon Heroes '' by nc featuring Jasmine And Dario Toda .
A Bus Stop cover of `` Long Train Runnin ' by The Doobie Brothers premiered in DDRMAX2 and returned in Extreme , while the SuperNova series and DDR X replaced it with a new cover by the artist X-Treme with different lyrics . On May 30 , 2019 , DDR A20 introduced a remix of `` Long Train Runnin ' '' by Haruki Yamada ( ATTIC INC. ) with Bodhi Kenyon , which incorporates lyrics from both the Bus Stop and X-Treme covers .
A DJ Miko cover of `` Sky High '' by Jigsaw premiered in DDR Solo 2000 and returned in Extreme . On June 27 , 2019 , DDR A20 will introduce a remix of `` Sky High '' by Haruki Yamada ( ATTIC INC. ) with Martin Leroux . This song is not to be confused with `` Sky High '' by Lucyfer , which exclusively appeared in DDR 4thMix Plus and DDR 5thMix .
`` Butterfly '' by Smile.dk was featured in the first Dance Dance Revolution video game and returned in many subsequent releases , including Extreme . On July 25 , 2019 , DDR A20 introduced a remix of `` Butterfly '' by Sota F. from BEMANI Sound Team .
See also
DDR Festival Dance Dance Revolution ( engine used for North American release )
Dancing Stage Fusion ( similar to Extreme 's North American release )
References
External links
Dance Dance Revolution Global Gateway
Dance Dance Revolution Extreme arcade website
Dance Dance Revolution Extreme PlayStation 2 website
Dance Dance Revolution Extreme Original Soundtrack
2002 video games
2004 video games
Arcade video games
Dance Dance Revolution games
EyeToy games
PlayStation 2 games
Video games developed in Japan
Video games developed in the United States
Video games with cel-shaded animation
Azem is a given name . Notable people with the name include :
Azem Galica ( 1889-1924 ) , Albanian soldier
Azem Hajdari ( 1963-1998 ) , Albanian politician
Azem Maksutaj ( born 1975 ) , Albanian kickboxer
Azem Vllasi ( born 1948 ) , Kosovo Albanian politician
Cooper “ Azem ” 3D Animator
See also
Ezem
Albanian masculine given names
Arabic masculine given names
Sir Francis Bacon ( 1587–1657 ) was an English judge .
Life
He was the son of John Bacon , of King 's Lynn , Norfolk , born about 1587 . He began his legal studies at Barnard 's Inn , and was admitted a member of Gray 's Inn in February 1607 . He was not called to the bar until eight years later in 1615 . His name as counsel is not found in contemporary reports , and it has been inferred that his practice must have been either in chancery or in the provinces .
In 1634 he was Autumn Reader at Gray 's Inn ; in 1640 he was admitted to the degree of serjeant-at-law . In October 1642 , the king , being then at Bridgnorth on his way to London , appointed Bacon to a seat in the King 's Bench . Among the propositions tendered by parliament to the king in February 1643 were demands for the dismissal of several of the judges , but 'Mr . Justice Bacon may be continued ' . While Charles was at Oxford , Bacon was one of the sworn judges still at Westminster , of which there were three , and presided alone in the King 's Bench , as Edmund Reeve and Trevor did in the Common Pleas and Exchequer .
At the trial of Connor Maguire , in Hilary term 1645 , on the charge of high treason for his share in the Irish Rebellion of 1641 , Bacon was the only judge . Lord Maguire had demanded to be tried by a jury of Irish peers ; Bacon delivered his judgment that a baron of Ireland could be tried by a jury in England , and this judgment was formally approved of by both houses .
He committed to prison James Symbal and others in 1647 'for speaking of words against the king in time of war ' , with Serjeant Cresheld . He continued to sit on the bench until 1649 , when new commissions were issued to the judges , and they were required to take the oath in the name of the people instead of in the king 's name . Bacon and five of his brethren resigned their seats , while the other six judges agreed to hold office . After his resignation Bacon lived in retirement until his death on 22 August 1657 .
His splendid monument survives in St. Gregory 's Church , Norwich .
Notes
References
1587 births
1657 deaths
Justices of the King 's Bench
Ana Kokić ( ; born 11 March 1983 ) , is a Serbian singer-songwriter , television personality and actress . She rose to prominence as a member of the less-known group called Energija , with whom she released three albums . Kokić eventually pursued a solo career with her debut album Mojna mala in 2009 , followed by her second album Šta če meni ime ... ( 2007 ) , which was sold in 200,000 copies . In 2011 , she made a comeback with her third release Psiho , which featured a duet with Romanian artist Costi Ioniță , titled `` Idemo na sve '' .
She additionally received wide attention for winning the first series of Serbian television show Tvoje lice zvuči poznato in December of 2013 . Kokić also starred as singer Silvana Armenulić in the movie Bićemo prvaci sveta ( 2015 ) and made her theatre debut in the comedy play Čekajući ministra in 2017 .
Between 2008 and 2019 she was married to Serbian water polo player Nikola Rađen , with whom she has two daughters .
Discography
Studio albums
Mojne mala ( 2006 )
Šta će meni ime ... ( 2007 )
Psiho ( 2011 )
Filmography
References
External links
1983 births
Living people
21st-century Serbian women singers
Serbian folk-pop singers
Serbian pop singers
Grand Production artists
Serbian television personalities
Your Face Sounds Familiar winners
Richard David Fenwick OStJ ( born 3 December 1943 ) is an Anglican prelate , and was Bishop of St Helena from 2011 to 2018 .
Early life
Fewnwick was born on 3 December 1943 to Ethel May Fenwick and William Samuel Fenwick . He was educated at Glantaf School , a Welsh medium state school in Llandaff North , at Monkton House , an independent school in Cardiff , and Cantonian High School , a state school in Fairwater , Cardiff . He then studied at University of Wales , Lampeter ( BA , MA , PhD ) , Trinity College , Dublin ( B.Mus , MA ) , Fitzwilliam College , Cambridge , Ridley Hall , Cambridge .
Clerical career
Fenwick was made deacon in 1968 and ordained priest in 1969 , he was consecrated bishop in 2011 .
He was assistant curate at Skewen from 1968 to 1972 and at Penarth with Lavernock 1972–1974 .
Fenwick moved to England and was priest-vicar , succentor and sacrist of Rochester Cathedral from 1974 to 1978 . At St Paul 's Cathedral he was a minor canon 1978–83 , succentor 1979-83 and warden of the College of Minor Canons 1981–83 . Fenwick was vicar at St Martin 's Church , Ruislip 1983-90 and priest-vicar of Westminster Abbey 1983–90 . At Guildford Cathedral he was canon residentiary and precentor 1990-97 and sub-dean from 1996–97 ;
He returned to Wales as Dean of Monmouth 1997–2011 . In 2011 he was elected as Bishop of St Helena , a diocese of the Anglican Church of Southern Africa . In 2018 he was succeeded by Dale Bowers , who was consecrated at St Paul 's Cathedral on the island .
Awards and honours
He received the Archbishop of Wales 's Award in Church Music ( Honoris causa ) in 2012 . He was warden of the Guild of Church Musicians 1998–2011 ; Liveryman in the Worshipful Company of Musicians , Honorary Liveryman and Master 's Chaplain in the Worshipful Company of Gold and Silver Wyre Drawers 1981–2011 ;
He received an honorary D.Litt . from Central School of Religion in 2012 . In 2001 he was appointed a Brother Officer in the Venerable Order of St John ( OStJ ) .
Notes and references
Living people
Anglican bishops of St Helena
Deans of Monmouth
1943 births
People educated at Ysgol Gyfun Gymraeg Glantaf
Alumni of Fitzwilliam College , Cambridge
Reverend Paula Stone Williams ( born 1951 ) is an American pastoral counselor . She served as president of the Christian church planting organization Orchard Group from 1989 to 2009 . Williams came out as a transgender woman in December 2012 .
Williams was fired from Orchard Group and from the Christian Standard periodical , where she had worked as the editor . She now is a pastor at Left Hand Church in Longmont , Colorado . She has hosted several TED Talks , sometimes accompanied by her son , Jonathan Williams . She currently lives in Colorado . Her book , As a Woman , was published in 2021 .
References
1951 births
Living people
Women Christian clergy
LGBT Christian clergy
LGBT people from Colorado
Transgender women
Religious leaders from Colorado
Hyposidra picaria is a geometer moth in the Ennominae subfamily first described by Francis Walker in 1866 . It is found throughout Sundaland .
Larvae have been reared on Acacia mangium .
External links
Boarmiini
Ennominae
Moths of Borneo
Moths of Malaysia
Moths described in 1866
Spillover may refer to :
Behavioral spillover , the effect that one behavior has on other behaviors with a shared motive
Spillover ( book ) : Spillover : Animal Infections and the Next Human Pandemic ( 2012 ) by David Quammen
Spillover ( experiment ) , an effect on subjects not the direct target of the experiment
Spillover ( economics ) , an economic event that occurs because of an event in a seemingly unrelated context
in economics , spillover from disequilibrium in one market may influence effective demand in another market
Spillover of a war :
Spillover of the Syrian Civil War
Spillover of the Tigray War
Spillover ( imaging ) , in e.g . tomography , an imaging effect that exaggerates small objects , because of limited resolution
Spillover infection or pathogen spillover occurs when an infectious reservoir population affects a novel host
Spillover-crossover model , in psychology distinguishes spillover from crossover as components of transfer of well-being
Adsorption spillover , a chemical phenomenon involving the movement of atoms adsorbed onto a metal surface
Knowledge spillover , exchange of ideas among individuals
See also
Spillover II , an artwork by Jaume Plensa
Catalyst support # Spillover
Hydrogen spillover
Moltke Bridge is a bridge over the Spree River in Berlin , Germany . Completed in 1891 , it connects Alt-Moabit near the main railway station on the north bank to Willy-Brandt-Straße and the Chancellery on the south bank . The bridge is named after Field Marshal Helmuth von Moltke the Elder ( 1800–1891 ) , chief of staff of the Prussian Army for thirty years . Moltke died just before the bridge 's completion and it was inaugurated by his funeral cortege . The bridge has three crossed arches spanning the Spree made from red Main sandstone , decorated with statues of Johannes Boese , Carl Piper and Carl Begas .
History
Construction started in 1888 and was completed in 1891 .
The bridge saw heavy fighting during the Battle of Berlin in April 1945 at the end of World War II . German defenders , about 5000 members of the SS and Volksturm , barricaded the bridge at both ends and wired it for demolition . On 28 April , units of the Soviet 3rd Shock Army , commanded by Major-General S.N . Perevertkin , fought their way down Alt-Moabit towards the bridge . Their goal was the capture of the German Reichstag , only 600 metres ( about 660 yards ) from the bridge . At dusk , the Soviets assaulted the bridge . The detonation charges damaged the bridge , with a section falling into the Spree , but enough stood for men and vehicles to cross . By midnight , the Soviet 150th and 171st rifle divisions had secured the bridgehead against any counterattack the Germans could muster . From here they moved on the Reichstag , which they captured on 2 May .
Though damaged , the bridge was one of the few to survive the war and looks similar to the original construction , though it was repaired and strengthened to take the weight of modern traffic .
References
Sources
Read , Anthony & Fisher , David , `` The Fall of Berlin '' , W. W. Norton & Company , New York , 1992 ,
Beevor , Antony `` Berlin : The Downfall 1945 '' , Viking-Penguin Books , 2002 ,
External links
1891 establishments in Germany
Bridges completed in 1891
Bridges in Berlin
Buildings and structures in Mitte
Schweik in Civilian Life ( Czech : Švejk v civilu ) is a 1927 Czech-Austrian silent comedy film directed by Gustav Machatý and starring Karel Noll , Dina Gralla and Albert Paulig . It is a sequel to the 1926 film The Good Soldier Schweik .
The film 's sets were designed by the art directors Vilém Rittershain , Hans Ledersteger and Alois Mecera . Location shooting took place in Vienna , Karlovy Vary and Prague .
Cast
Karel Noll as Josef Švejk
Dina Gralla as Anička , Foster-child
Jiří Hron as Pavel
Albert Paulig as Baron Camra
Renati Renée as Dancer Lo
Jan Richter as Žížala
Josef Rovenský as Pižla
Robert Ford as Hotel Manager
Jindřich Fiala as Referee
References
Bibliography
Taylor , Richard . The BFI companion to Eastern European and Russian cinema . BFI , 2000 .
External links
1927 films
Czech silent films
Czech comedy films
Austrian silent films
Austrian comedy films
1927 comedy films
1920s Czech-language films
Films directed by Gustav Machatý
Czech black-and-white films
Czech sequel films
The Good Soldier Švejk
Films based on Czech novels
Films based on works by Jaroslav Hašek
This is a list of Chabad houses in the US state of California . It may not include every one .
Notes
References
Chabad houses in California
Chabad houses
Chabad in the United States
Reunion in Reno is a 1951 American comedy film directed by Kurt Neumann and starring Mark Stevens , Peggy Dow and Gigi Perreau . The screenplay concerns a girl who hires an attorney to get her a divorce from her parents . The film 's sets were designed by the art directors Bernard Herzbrun and Nathan Juran .
Plot
A nine-year-old girl , Maggie Linaker , gets off a bus in Reno , Nevada and goes to find Norman Drake , a divorce lawyer there . Norman has just wrapped up a divorce case , after which Laura Carson , a stenographer in Judge Kneeland 's court , scolds the lawyer for accepting payments over couples ' breakups , rather than trying to steer them toward reconciliation .
Maggie explains that she 'd like to divorce her parents . She offers the lawyer all the money she has , $ 3.27 . Norman accepts . Neither he nor Laura , however , can persuade the little girl to give them her parents ' names or how they can be found . She just wants to divorce them .
A clothing label mentioning a California town results in Norman finding the parents , Doris and Frederick Linaker , who are shocked to hear what their daughter has done . Maggie was supposed to be on a bus trip to a Nevada summer camp . It turns out Doris is pregnant and that she is not the birth mother of Maggie , who had been an abandoned child .
A mock trial is held in Judge Kneeland 's court , at which Maggie explains that she overheard her parents say they wo n't be able to afford to raise two children . Doris reassures her that was merely a worry , not a reason to leave . They return home , whereupon Norman and Laura begin to think they might like to have a try at this parenthood thing .
Cast
Mark Stevens as Norman Drake
Peggy Dow as Laura Carson
Gigi Perreau as Margaret 'Maggie ' Angeline Linaker
Frances Dee as Mrs. Doris Linaker
Leif Erickson as B. Frederick Linaker
Ray Collins as Judge Thomas Kneeland
Fay Baker as Miss Pearson
Myrna Dell as Mrs. Virginia Mason
Dick Wessel as Taxi Driver
Sid Tomack as Serge Field
Stuart Morgan Dancers as Dancing Ensemble
References
Bibliography
Quinlan , David . The Film Lover 's Companion : An A to Z Guide to 2,000 Stars and the Movies They Made . Carol Publishing Group , 1997 .
External links
1951 films
1951 comedy films
American comedy films
Films directed by Kurt Neumann
Films set in Nevada
Universal Pictures films
American black-and-white films
1950s English-language films
1950s American films
Gordus or Gordos ( ) was a town located on the Rhodius River in the ancient Troad mentioned by Strabo .
Its site is unlocated , but probably located between the Karamenderes River ( the ancient Scamander ) and the Çan Çayı ( the ancient Granicus ) .
References
Populated places in ancient Troad
Former populated places in Turkey
Lost ancient cities and towns
KNM-WT 17000 ( also known as `` The Black Skull '' ) is a fossilized adult skull of the species Paranthropus aethiopicus . It was discovered in West Turkana , Kenya by Alan Walker in 1985 . Estimated to be 2.5 million years old , it is an adult with an estimated cranial capacity of 410 cc .
Its characteristics include a robust build with a prominent sagittal crest . Its coloration is due to the high manganese content of the material it was embedded in . This fossilized cranium 's face projects far outward from the forehead , has wide flared zygomatic arches , and has the largest sagittal crest of any early human . The molar and premolar roots in the jaw are indicative of this early human having massive cheek teeth ; an adaptation for heavy chewing . It is the only known adult skull of the species .
While its relationship to other fossil hominin taxa was not immediately clear at the time of its discovery , further studies have suggested it is a possible ancestor of two species : Paranthropus boisei , of east Africa , and Paranthropus robustus , of South Africa .
See also
List of fossil sites ( with link directory )
List of hominina ( hominin ) fossils ( with images )
References
External links
Archaeology Info
Smithsonian Institution
Paranthropus fossils
Prehistoric Kenya
Quaternary fossil record
Wola Korybutowa-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedliszcze , within Chełm County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
References
Villages in Chełm County
Hope For The Hills ( HFTH ) is a non-profit grassroots organization based in Chino Hills , California , USA . It is protesting a 5-mile segment of 500kV overhead transmission lines that occupy a 150-foot right of way through a residential area in Chino Hills . The segment is part of the Tehachapi Renewable Transmission Project ( TRTP ) . On July 11 , 2013 Hope for the Hills won its long fight when the California Public Utilities Commission voted to put the lines underground .
TRTP overview
The TRTP is a 187-mile transmission project developed by Southern California Edison ( SCE ) that promises to bring up to 4,500 megawatts of renewable energy from windfarms in Kern County to substations in Los Angeles County and San Benadino County . On December 17 , 2009 , the California Public Utility Commission ( CPUC ) approved segment 8A through the city of Chino Hills , calling it the `` Environmentally Superior Route. '' . The city of Chino Hills spent almost $ 2.4 million to fight the decision in the Superior Court and the State Court of Appeals . The court actions was unsuccessful . SCE erected the first tubular steel tower in Chino Hills in May 2011 . In October 2011 , the CPUC ordered SCE not to string the transmission lines until further notice . Construction on the Chino Hills segment stopped . In November 2011 , CPUC ordered Southern California Edison to provide alternatives to TRTP . Private negotiations between the City of Chino Hills and SCE concluded that SCE should prepare further studies of the cost , timing , and environment impacts of undergrounding the line . SCE 's formal testimony is due February 28 , 2013 .
HFTH organization
Since 2009 , Hope for the Hills has organized numerous protests at CPUC hearings , city board sessions , and SCE meetings and events . Bob Goodwin serves as the current President .
The group has been mentioned in the LA Times , and discussed in the Inland Valley Daily Bulletin and NBC Los Angeles . The group 's YouTube video , `` Pack it up , Get it Out '' was featured by NBC .
CalWatchdog described the CPUC ruling that SCE should find alternatives to the power lines as a `` landmark case in citizen activism '' and credited HFTH for the victory .
According to HFTH , no other transmission line in the United States uses such a narrow right of way in a seismically active residential community for a 500kV line . The 2008 Chino Hills earthquake was an example of an event with sufficient intensity to cause significant damage . HFTH maintains that this line is detrimental to the safety , health , aesthetics , and property values of their community .
CPUC and TRTP
The California Public Utilities Commission ( CPUC ) is a government-run organization that regulates privately owned electric , natural gas , telecommunications , water , railroad , rail transit , and passenger transportation companies . They are the agency that exclusively made the decision to allow Southern California Edison ( SCE ) to begin building their Tehachapi Renewable Transmission Project ( TRTP ) . On December 17 , 2009 , the CPUC , in a press release , announced that they had approved the construction of Segments 4–11 of TRTP in order to increase access to new renewable energy . Prior to this decision , in March 2007 , the CPUC had already approved Segments 1–3 of TRTP , and at the time of this press release , those segments were nearly finished and they planned to be fully energized by the end of the year . Today , Segments 1 , 2 , 3a , and 3b are complete and energized . And with the approval of the CPUC , SCE began erecting towers for Segments 4–11 .
On November 10 , 2011 , the CPUC ordered Edison to stop the construction of transmission lines through Chino Hills . The CPUC deemed this stop necessary in order to preserve the decision pending on the Chino Hills Application for Rehearing and a Motion for Partial Stay . This stop-work was to be in effect until there was a resolution to the Application for Rehearing or until the CPUC decided it was fit for Edison to resume construction . In addition , the President of the CPUC , Michael R. Peevey , requested that SCE create a list of alternatives to their project 's current design and route . In response to this ruling , Commissioner Timothy Alan Simon stated , “ In my visit to Chino Hills , it was clear that the local impact issues of the transmission line warrant a review by this Commission. ” .
On May 3 , 2012 , settlement negotiation began between SCE and the city of Chino Hills on the routing of the 500k-volt power line . These negotiations included the potential undergrounding of these power lines beneath the existing right of way ( public throughway ) that Edison has in the city . The CPUC hoped that the potential undergrounding would produce an outcome that satisfied both parties .
In its most recent press release regarding the Tehachapi Renewable Transmission Project , which occurred on July 2 , 2012 , the CPUC ordered SCE to prepare a testimony based on preliminary studies of undergrounding options of the transmission lines running through Chino Hills ; the report needs to be given to the CPUC by February 28 , 2013 . This testimony will provide a detailed description on the estimated costs and construction timeline for undergrounding the lines in Chino Hills . The previous stop on SCE construction in Chino Hills will remain in effect until the CPUC considers these undergrounding options and makes its final decision .
References
Environmental organizations based in California
Algorism is the technique of performing basic arithmetic by writing numbers in place value form and applying a set of memorized rules and facts to the digits . One who practices algorism is known as an algorist . This positional notation system has largely superseded earlier calculation systems that used a different set of symbols for each numerical magnitude , such as Roman numerals , and in some cases required a device such as an abacus .
Etymology
The word algorism comes from the name Al-Khwārizmī ( c. 780–850 ) , a Persian mathematician , astronomer , geographer and scholar in the House of Wisdom in Baghdad , whose name means `` the native of Khwarezm '' , which is now in modern-day Uzbekistan . He wrote a treatise in Arabic language in the 9th century , which was translated into Latin in the 12th century under the title Algoritmi de numero Indorum . This title means `` Algoritmi on the numbers of the Indians '' , where `` Algoritmi '' was the translator 's Latinization of Al-Khwarizmi 's name . Al-Khwarizmi was the most widely read mathematician in Europe in the late Middle Ages , primarily through his other book , the Algebra . In late medieval Latin , algorismus , the corruption of his name , simply meant the `` decimal number system '' that is still the meaning of modern English algorism . During the 17th century , the French form for the word – but not its meaning – was changed to algorithm , following the model of the word logarithm , this form alluding to the ancient Greek . English adopted the French very soon afterwards , but it was n't until the late 19th century that `` algorithm '' took on the meaning that it has in modern English . In English , it was first used about 1230 and then by Chaucer in 1391 . Another early use of the word is from 1240 , in a manual titled Carmen de Algorismo composed by Alexandre de Villedieu . It begins thus :
which translates as :
The word algorithm also derives from algorism , a generalization of the meaning to any set of rules specifying a computational procedure . Occasionally algorism is also used in this generalized meaning , especially in older texts .
History
Starting with the integer arithmetic developed in India using base 10 notation , Al-Khwārizmī along with other mathematicians in medieval Islam , documented new arithmetic methods and made many other contributions to decimal arithmetic ( see the articles linked below ) . These included the concept of the decimal fractions as an extension of the notation , which in turn led to the notion of the decimal point . This system was popularized in Europe by Leonardo of Pisa , now known as Fibonacci .
See also
Algorithmic art
Positional notation
Hindu–Arabic numeral system
History of the Hindu–Arabic numeral system
Johannes de Sacrobosco
References
Numeral systems
Algorithms
Blake Baxter ( born 1963 ) is an American techno musician , associated with the first wave of Detroit techno . AllMusic called him `` perhaps the most underrated figure '' of the early Detroit techno scene .
Baxter was born in Detroit , Michigan , United States , and first began mixing records in the middle of the 1980s . Some of his first releases were recorded in Chicago on the label DJ International , which was later remixed and released in Detroit on the record label KMS Records , KMS-011 , also in Detroit . He released music on the Underground Resistance label , including an EP 12-inch vinyl The Prince of Techno UR-06 in the late 1980s and early 1990s . He also had several of his productions featured on the Techno ! The New Dance Sound of Detroit compilation . Around 1989-92 , he released three 12-inch records on Incognito Records .
While touring in Germany in Berlin , he released One More Time on Tresor Records and `` Brothers Gon na Work it Out '' on Logic Records in Frankfurt ; a track based on Willie Hutch 's 1973 eponymous release , which was later sampled by The Chemical Brothers . After returning to Detroit , he set up the labels Mix Records and Phat Joint and opened a record store in downtown Detroit called Save the Vinyl from 1992 to 1999 .
Discography
Work Jack Master 2 compilation album DJ International Westside Records
In This House We Jack Jack Master 4 compilation album DJ International Westside Records
When We Used to Play EP KMS Records , 1987
`` Forever and a day '' , Techno ! The New Dance Sound of Detroit album compilation ( Virgin 10 Records ) , 1988
`` Ride em Boy '' , Techno ! The New Dance Sound of Detroit album compilation ( Virgin 10 Records ) , 1988
Sexuality Incognito Records , 1989
The Crimes of the Heart EP Incognito Records , 1990
The Prince of Techno EP Underground Resistance Records , 1991
One More Time Tresor Records , 1992
Brothers Gon na Work it Out Logic Records , 1993
The Vault ( Disko B , 1995 )
The H Factor ( Hurricane Melt ) ( Disko B , 1997 )
A Decade Underground DJ Mix ( Tresor Records , 1998 )
Dream Sequence ( Tresor , 2000 )
Dream Sequence 3 ( Tresor , 2001 )
References
External links
Blake Baxter discography at Discogs .
American techno musicians
African-American musicians
Musicians from Detroit
Living people
1963 births
21st-century African-American people
20th-century African-American people
Jesús Alvarado Nieves ( October 7 , 1959 – April 28 , 2017 ) was a Mexican luchador , or professional wrestler , who worked under the ring name Brazo de Oro ( Spanish for `` Golden Arm '' ) . He was a part of the Alvarado wrestling family , the son of Shadito Cruz and brother of Brazo de Plata , El Brazo , Brazo Cibernético , Super Brazo and Brazo de Platino . His son Felipe de Jesús Alvarado Mendoza currently works as La Máscara for Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre . His nephews , Máximo Sexy and Psycho Clown are featured wrestlers for CMLL and Lucha Libre AAA Worldwide respectively .
Alvarado made his debut in 1975 and for over a decade wrestled under a wrestling mask , until he and his brothers Brazo de Plata and El Brazo lost a Lucha de Apuestas match to Los Villanos in 1988 and was forced to unmask . Over the years he has teamed with his brothers to win various championships such as the CMLL World Trios Championship , Mexican National Tag Team Championship , Mexican National Trios Championship , NWA Americas Tag Team Championship , NWA World Tag Team Championship ( Los Angeles version ) , UWA World Tag Team Championship , UWA World Trios Championship , WWA World Tag Team Championship and WWA World Trios Championship . He started focusing more on behind the scenes activities in the early 1990s , where he worked as one of the bookers for CMLL and served as the head of the wrestlers ' union for many years .
Early life
Jesús Alvarado Nieves was born on October 7 , 1959 , in Mexico City , Mexico , the youngest son of Juan Alvarado Ibarra , better known as professional wrestler Shadito Cruz . Growing up Jesús Alvarado often had to look after his younger brothers , especially when his father was touring Mexico , wrestling several days a week . In a 1991 interview , he recalled how he did not have time to play with other boys , as he was watching over all the Alvarado kids while both his father and mother had to work to make ends meet . At one point he began taking his younger brothers Juan and Pepe to the local wrestling arenas where they sold old wrestling magazines and worked as ushers for tips . Jesús Alvarado began training for a professional wrestling career while still a teenager , despite the misgivings of his father . Local promoter and trainer Felipe Ham Lee began training Alavardo and helped convince his father to let his oldest son train for a wrestling career . When his son was ready to make his in-ring debut Shadito Cruz allowed him to use one of Cruz ' old ring names `` El Hombre de Brazo de Oro '' ( `` The man with the golden arm '' ) , based on a movie starring Frank Sinatra , but the younger Alvarado soon shortened to simply `` Brazo de Oro '' .
Pro wrestling career
Alvarado made his debut as `` Brazo de Oro '' an enmascarado ( masked wrestler ) who worked mainly in tag team action with his brother who worked as Brazo de Plata ( `` Silver Arm '' ) and in trios action with another brother known simply as El Brazo ( `` the arm '' ) . Los Brazos , as they were billed , wrestled all over Mexico and made appearances for the Los Angeles-based `` NWA Hollywood Wrestling '' . While working for NWA Hollywood Oro and Plata won the NWA Americas Tag Team Championship from Chino Chou and the Kiss on November 7 , 1981 . The brothers were also last holders of the Los Angeles version of the NWA World Tag Team Championship in 1982 .
Losing the masks
Over the years Brazo de Oro and his brothers competed in a large number of Luchas de Apuestas ( `` Bet fights '' ) where they put their masks or hair on the line against their opponents . Los Brazo 's most famous Luchas de Apuestas occurred on October 21 , 1988 , when Plata , Oro and El Brazo all placed their masks on the line in a match against another well known Lucha libre family , Los Villanos , in this case Villano I , Villano IV and Villano V. The match was the culmination of a long feud ( Storyline ) between the two families and saw all six wrestlers bleed profusely during the bout . In the end Los Villanos won the match forcing all three Brazos to unmask and reveal their real names as is tradition in these types of matches . Despite losing their masks Los Brazos remained successful in the ring winning various tag team and trios titles such as the UWA World Tag Team Championship , UWA World Trios Championship , WWA World Tag Team Championship and the WWA World Trios Championship
By the 1990s Los Brazos worked mainly for Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre ( CMLL ) where Oro , Plato and El Brazo won the CMLL World Trios Championship from Los Infernales ( Pirata Morgan , El Satánico and MS-1 ) on April 6 , 1993 . Los Brazos lost the title to Dr. Wagner Jr. , Gran Markus Jr. and El Hijo del Gladiador . In the 1990s Brazo de Oro became the head of the wrestler 's union , and also worked as a booker for CMLL . From that point on he only wrestled occasionally , on smaller CMLL shows outside of Mexico . In 2006 he announced his retirement , but ended up working select dates and matches until 2015 where he had his last known match .
Personal life
The Alvarado wrestling family spans three generations starting with Shadito Cruz followed by his 6 sons who all took up wrestling , as well as a third-generation of Alvarados who followed in their father or grandfather 's footsteps . Jesús Alvarado 's younger brothers all adopted a variation of the `` Brazo '' name that he had made popular , as the began wrestling as El Brazo ( `` The Arm '' ) , Brazo de Plata ( `` Silver Arm '' ) , Brazo Cibernético ( `` Cyborg Arm '' ) , Brazo de Platino ( `` Platinum Arm '' ) and Super Brazo ( Super Arm ) . At least one of Jesús Alvarado 's children followed in his footsteps as his son , Felipe de Jesús Alvarado Mendoza , began his wrestling career under the name `` Brazo de Oro Jr. '' He later changed his name and became better known as La Máscara when all of the then-active third-generation Alvarados stopped using the `` Brazo '' name and created their own independent characters . In 2013 his daughter made her in-ring debut under the name `` Aramís '' , wearing a modified version of the Brazos mask .
Death
Alvarado was rushed to a Mexico City hospital in the early hours of April 28 , 2017 , due to respiratory problems . A few hours later he died of a heart attack .
Alvarado family tree
† = deceased
Championships and accomplishments
Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre
CMLL World Trios Championship ( 1 time ) – with Brazo de Plata and El Brazo
Mexican National Tag Team Championship ( 1 time ) – with Brazo de Plata
Mexican National Trios Championship ( 2 times ) – with Brazo de Plata and El Brazo
Federación Internacional de Lucha Libre
FILL Trios Championship ( 1 time ) – with Brazo de Plata and El Brazo
NWA Hollywood Wrestling
NWA Americas Tag Team Championship ( 1 time ) – with Brazo de Plata
NWA World Tag Team Championship ( Los Angeles version ) ( 1 time ) – with Brazo de Plata
Universal Wrestling Association
UWA World Tag Team Championship ( 1 time ) – with Brazo de Plata
UWA World Trios Championship ( 3 times ) – with Brazo de Plata and El Brazo
World Wrestling Association
WWA World Tag Team Championship ( 1 time ) – with Brazo de Plata
WWA World Trios Championship ( 1 time ) – with Brazo de Plata and El Brazo
Wrestling Observer Newsletter
Wrestling Observer Newsletter Hall of Fame ( Class of 2021 ) as part of Los Brazos
Mexican regional wrestling
Distrito Federal Trios Championship ( 1 time ) – with Brazo de Plata and El Brazo
Distrito Federal Welterweight Championship ( 1 time )
Distrito Federal Heavyweight Championship ( 1 time )
Puebla Tag Team Championship ( 1 time ) – with Brazo de Plata
Mexico State Welterweight Championship ( 1 time )
Naucalpan Welterweight Championship ( 1 time )
Lucha de Apuesta record
Notes
References
1959 births
2017 deaths
20th-century professional wrestlers
21st-century professional wrestlers
Mexican male professional wrestlers
Masked wrestlers
Professional wrestlers from Mexico City
Alvarado wrestling family
Mexican National Tag Team Champions
Mexican National Trios Champions
CMLL World Trios Champions
UWA World Trios Champions
UWA World Tag Team Champions
NWA Americas Tag Team Champions
Sherman William Finger ( May 4 , 1883 – May 7 , 1937 ) was an American football , basketball , and track coach . He served as the head football coach at Cornell College in Mount Vernon , Iowa from 1907 to 1923 , compiling a record of 57–49–9 . Finger was also Cornell 's head basketball coach from 1910 to 1924 , tallying a mark of 83–82 . He was a 1907 graduate of the University of Chicago , where he was a member of the freshman football squad in 1905 .
References
External links
1883 births
1937 deaths
American football fullbacks
Chicago Maroons football players
Cornell Rams football coaches
Cornell Rams men 's basketball coaches
College track and field coaches in the United States
Sportspeople from Oshkosh , Wisconsin
Coaches of American football from Wisconsin
Players of American football from Wisconsin
Basketball coaches from Wisconsin
Georgia is an unincorporated community in Spice Valley Township , Lawrence County , Indiana .
History
Georgia was platted in 1853 . The community was named after the state of Georgia . A post office was established at Georgia in 1857 , and remained in operation until it was discontinued in 1917 .
Geography
Georgia is located at .
References
Unincorporated communities in Lawrence County , Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
1853 establishments in Indiana
Populated places established in 1853
Garrett Bradbury ( born June 20 , 1995 ) is an American football center for the Minnesota Vikings of the National Football League ( NFL ) . He played college football at NC State and was selected by the Vikings in the first round of the 2019 NFL Draft .
Early years
Bradbury attended Charlotte Christian School in Charlotte , North Carolina , where played high school football as a tight end and defensive lineman .
College career
Bradbury was originally a tight end at NC State before moving to the offensive line in 2015 . As a senior in 2018 , he was a consensus All-American and won the Rimington Trophy . He did not allow a single quarterback sack in over 900 snaps in 2018 .
Professional career
Bradbury was drafted by the Minnesota Vikings in the first round with the 18th overall pick in the 2019 NFL Draft . As a rookie , he started all 16 regular season games and both of the Vikings ' playoff games in the 2019 season . In 2020 , Bradbury started all 16 games .
On January 2 , 2022 , Bradbury was part of a play that re-enacted former Pittsburgh Steelers running back Franco Harris ' Immaculate Reception . Quarterback Sean Mannion attempted a pass to tight end Tyler Conklin , who was hit by two Green Bay Packers defenders . The hit on Conklin caused the ball to be deflected into the air , where Bradbury caught it and turned the play into a 21-yard reception .
The Vikings declined the fifth-year option on Bradbury 's contract on May 2 , 2022 , making him a free agent after the season .
References
External links
Minnesota Vikings bio
NC State Wolfpack bio
Living people
Players of American football from Charlotte , North Carolina
American football centers
NC State Wolfpack football players
Minnesota Vikings players
1995 births
All-American college football players
Charles Stuart Rangeley-Wilson is an author of three works of non-fiction : Somewhere Else ( 2004 ) The Accidental Angler ( 2006 ) and Silt Road ( 2013 ) . He is known for his writing in the periodicals The Field in the UK ( in 2001 he won the Periodical Publishers Association Specialist Writer of the Year Award for his work in that magazine ) and Gray 's Sporting Journal in the USA , as well as in newspapers such as The Times and The Daily Telegraph . A broadcaster and film-maker he has written and presented for the BBC , including the critically acclaimed BBC4 film Fish ! A Japanese Obsession and the BBC2 series The Accidental Angler . In 2006 The Angling Writers Association voted The Accidental Angler their Travel book of the Year and in 2011 the same organisation voted Rangeley-Wilson Travel Writer of the year and Arthur Oglesby Writer of the Year .
Rangeley-Wilson studied at the Ruskin School of Drawing and Fine Art in Oxford and taught Art for a decade before turning to writing . He is a passionate conservationist with a particular interest in English chalk-streams . In 1997 he was a founder of The Wild Trout Trust - a UK charity founded to promote grass-roots river conservation – and he is currently serving as President of that organisation . In recent years he has worked with WWF UK to promote more sustainable water management in chalk rivers . In 2011 he helped found The Norfolk Rivers Trust to promote river conservation in his home county and he is currently their Technical and Projects Advisor . He also serves as Ambassador for The Angling Trust .
Rangeley-Wilson 's most recent work , the non-fiction novel Silt Road - The Story of a Lost River ( Chatto and Windus 2013 ) is an elegy to the English landscape , an exploration of the layers of history that make a place , told through the history of a small chalk river and the biographies of a handful of men whose lives the river shaped .
Rangeley-Wilson was appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire ( OBE ) in the 2022 Birthday Honours for services to chalk stream conservation .
Works
Somewhere Else , Yellow Jersey Press , 2004 .
The Accidental Angler , Yellow Jersey Press , 2006 .
The Accidental Angler , 4 x 60 mins , BBC2 2006 . The series combines travel and culture with fishing adventures in India , Bhutan , Brazil and London .
Chalk-Stream , The Medlar Press , 2006 . An anthology of prose and poetry in praise of the English chalk-stream , edited by Rangeley-Wilson .
Fish ! A Japanese Obsession , 1 x 90 mins , Keo Films 2009 . The author 's attempt to understand the notoriously impenetrable Japanese culture and mindset through a shared passion for fish and fishing .
Silt Road - The Story of a Lost River , Chatto and Windus , 2013 .
Silver shoals _The Five Fish that made Britain , 2018
‘ 'Lifelines-An Anthology of Angling Anecdotes , and More… ‘ ' NAROD Publishing , 2021 . A collection of 27 short stories centred around angling by 27 different authors including “ The best waste of time ever invented ” by Charles Rangeley-Wilson .
References
External links
Rangeley-Wilson 's homepage
British writers
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Officers of the Order of the British Empire
Aiguafreda ( ) is a municipality in the comarca of Vallès Oriental , in the province of Barcelona , Catalonia , Spain . It is located near the Montseny massif . It has a population of 2,190 and occupies an area of 7.96 km² .
The principal economic activities are tourism and the textile industry .
There is a large dolmen located in the center of the property of can Brull , and the church of Aiguafreda de Dalt , founded by the abbess Emma , daughter of the count Wilfred the Hairy .
Demography
According to Spanish census data , this is the population of Aiguafreda in recent years .
References
Panareda Clopés , Josep Maria ; Rios Calvet , Jaume ; Rabella Vives , Josep Maria ( 1989 ) . Guia de Catalunya , Barcelona : Caixa de Catalunya . ( Catalan ) .
External links
Official city website
Government data pages
Municipalities in Vallès Oriental
Populated places in Vallès Oriental
C.B.I . Shankar is a 1989 Indian Kannada language drama film directed by P. Nanjundappa . It stars Shankar Nag in the titular role as Shankar , an officer with the CBI , who investigates a murder case closed down by the local police . The supporting cast features Devaraj , Doddanna , Vajramuni , Suman Ranganathan and Shashikumar . The film was a blockbuster and further established Nag as a leading actor in Kannada cinema .
Plot
Sub-inspector Galappa Doddamani stumbles at Sathya 's filming location in a forest , of the film CBI Shankar . The president of the local Zilla Parishad Narayana Gowda ( Vajramuni ) reaches the spot with a businessman Amar ( Devaraj ) , and grant the crew permission to continue filming . Following Gowda 's inappropriate behavior with Tara ( as herself ) , the film 's female lead , at a party hosted by the film producer , she storms out of the party and walks out of the film . Sathya , also the film 's director , persists Amar 's sister Asha ( Suman Ranganathan ) to replace her , to which an initially hesitant Asha agrees in her brother , Amar 's absence , who had other plans for her .
Amar away from home strikes a business deal with an agency with the help of Radha , who has a crush on him . Filming with CBI Shankar , Asha , while performing a scene in the film , falls unconscious on seeing blood-stained clothes and backs out of the film . Sathya woos her and convinces her to overturn her decision , and is successful . Amar , on returning home , is furious to find Asha acting and confronts Sathya . He gets the police to the filming location to arrest Sathya on grounds of having forced Asha to act in the film . Sathya then reveals his real identity of Shankar , a CBI officer who , with his team have come down to the town to unearth the murder case of Santosh ( Shashikumar ) , having been closed down previously by the local police calling it a suicide .
In a series of flashback sequences as narrated by the potential suspects to Shankar as part of the investigation , it is seen that Santosh was a dancer who was given a ticket by a political party to contest at the local Zilla Parishad elections . Foreseeing his win , the opposition political party led by Gowda plans on giving him cash in return for his withdrawal . Reluctant to withdraw , Gowda asks Bullet Basya ( Sudheer ) to `` deal with Santosh '' . Basya tails him and involves him in a fistfight , and shockingly finds Amar stabbing Santosh from behind killing him . Cut to the present , Basya reveals to Shankar that it was Amar who killed Santosh for the reason that the latter pursued Amar 's sister . The CBI team proceed to arrest a newlywed Amar only to find him stabbed by Radha , his wife , who reveals that she did so , to avenge her ex-husband 's murder by Amar , who had murdered him owing to a business-related dispute . An unhurt Amar manages to escape , who is pursued by Shankar and hands him over to the police .
Cast
Shankar Nag as Sathya / Shankar
Suman Ranganathan ( credited as Suman Ranganath ) as Asha
Shashikumar as Santosh
Vajramuni as Narayana Gowda
Devaraj as Amar
Doddanna as Sub-inspector Galappa Doddamani
Avinash as Vikram
Sudheer as Bullet Basya
Lohithaswa
Dinesh as Subramanya
K. V. Manjayya
Kunigal Nagabhushan as Seenappa
Tara as herself in a cameo appearance
Rockline Venkatesh ( uncredited )
Soundtrack
Hamsalekha composed the background score for the film and the soundtrack . The soundtrack album consists of five tracks .
References
External links
1989 films
1980s Kannada-language films
Indian drama films
Films scored by Hamsalekha
Central Bureau of Investigation in fiction
Indian nonlinear narrative films
Mats Anders Green ( born 6 April 1979 ) is a Swedish politician of the Moderate Party . He has been Member of the Riksdag since the 2014 general election , representing his home constituency Jönköping County . He served as Mayor of Jönköping from 2011 to 2014 .
In the Riksdag , Green is a member of the Committee on Civil Affairs and a deputy member of the Committee on Defence . In May 2015 the Government appointed Green as the Riksdag 's only representative to The Swedish Commission for Shoreland Protection and Management , which mission was completed by December 2015 . On 10 October 2017 , Green was appointed his party 's spokesperson on housing , being further promoted to spokesperson on employment and integration in May 2019 .
Green was elected member of the national executive board of the Moderate Party at the party congress in October 2019 .
References
Municipal commissioners of Sweden
Moderate Party politicians
People from Huskvarna
1979 births
Living people
Members of the Riksdag from the Moderate Party
Members of the Riksdag 2014–2018
Members of the Riksdag 2018–2022
Members of the Riksdag 2022–2026
Gračanica ( ) is a city located in Tuzla Canton of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina , an entity of Bosnia and Herzegovina . It is located in northeastern Bosnia and Herzegovina , east of Doboj and west of Tuzla . As of 2013 , it has a population of 45,220 inhabitants .
Gračanica
Gračanica is located in the lower valley of the River Sokoluša along the main road from Tuzla to Doboj , about 50 km west of Tuzla .
Settlements
History
First writings about Gračanica were found in Turkish archives from 1528 , in which Gračanica was known by its iron mine . Some away from the town was a middle age fortress named Sokol . Gračanica got the status of a town in 1548 . It grew bigger during the 17th century , with the help of Ahmed-paša Budimlija , who built the White Mosque , a public bath and a clock tower . Through the time of Austrian Empire , Gračanica experienced huge economic , urban and culture development . From 1929 to 1941 , Gračanica was part of the Vrbas Banovina of the Kingdom of Yugoslavia .
Climate
The average temperature during January is , and during July .
This area is characteristic for small quantity of downfalls , which average year amount is 830mm/m2 . Maximum quantity of downfalls is in May ( 121mm ) and June ( 101mm ) , and minimum in March ( 41mm ) .
Snowfalls are most often at January , February and March ( Average : 50 days in a year ) .
Gračanica is area with continental climate type .
Demographics
Population
Ethnic composition
Notable people
Branko Cvetković , basketball player
Muhamed Konjić , football player
Nebojša Radmanović , politician
Mitar Lukić , football player
Vedin Musić , football player
Edvin Kanka Ćudić , human rights defender
Twin towns – sister cities
Gračanica is twinned with :
Fleury-les-Aubrais , France
Formia , Italy
Pljevlja , Montenegro
Sports
NK Bratstvo Gračanica , an association football club
RK Gračanica , a handball club
References
Official results from the book : Ethnic composition of Bosnia-Herzegovina population , by municipalities and settlements , 1991. census , Zavod za statistiku Bosne i Hercegovine - Bilten no.234 , Sarajevo 1991 .
External links
Official site
Gračanica online community site
Gračanički Glasnik
Selo Buk , Općina Gračanica
Cities and towns in the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina
Populated places in Gračanica
Municipalities of the Tuzla Canton
Yvonne Dausab is a Namibian lawyer and politician . She is the Minister of Justice of Namibia since March 2020 .
Early life and career
Dausab grew up in Katutura , a segregated area for Blacks in Windhoek . She completed A Shipena Secondary School as the head girl . Dausab completed secondary school not long after Namibia 's independence , and went on to study a BA in Law and LLB at the University of the Western Cape and a LLM with a specialization in Human Rights and African Democratisation at the University of Pretoria thanks to various scholarships .
Dausab was admitted as a legal practitioner of the High Court of Namibia in April 2000 at the age of 25 . She then worked in human rights at an African NGO based in Lusaka , Zambia for five years before returning to Namibian and joining a private law practice . In 2007 , Dausab joined the University of Namibia as a part-time law lecturer . In 2009 , she received a faculty position and was later appointed the deputy dean .
Political career
Dausab left academia in 2015 when she was appointed the chairperson of the Law Reform and Development Commission . in 2015 by Namibian president Hage Geingob . In March 2020 , she was appointed Minister of Justice , replacing Sacky Shanghala .
External links
Official Twitter
References
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Women government ministers of Namibia
Justice ministers of Namibia
University of the Western Cape alumni
University of Pretoria alumni
University of Namibia academics
People from Windhoek
The philosophy of engineering is an emerging discipline that considers what engineering is , what engineers do , and how their work affects society , and thus includes aspects of ethics and aesthetics , as well as the ontology , epistemology , etc . that might be studied in , for example , the philosophy of science or the philosophy of technology .
History
Engineering is the profession aimed at modifying the natural environment , through the design , manufacture and maintenance of artifacts and technological systems . It might then be contrasted with science , the aim of which is to understand nature . Engineering at its core is about causing change , and therefore management of change is central to engineering practice . The philosophy of engineering is then the consideration of philosophical issues as they apply to engineering . Such issues might include the objectivity of experiments , the ethics of engineering activity in the workplace and in society , the aesthetics of engineered artifacts , etc .
While engineering seems historically to have meant devising , the distinction between art , craft and technology is n't clearcut . The Latin root ars , the Germanic root kraft and the Greek root techne all originally meant the skill or ability to produce something , as opposed to , say , athletic ability . The something might be tangible , like a sculpture or a building , or less tangible , like a work of literature . Nowadays , art is commonly applied to the visual , performing or literary fields , especially the so-called fine arts ( 'the art of writing ' ) , craft usually applies to the manual skill involved in the manufacture of an object , whether embroidery or aircraft ( 'the craft of typesetting ' ) and technology tends to mean the products and processes currently used in an industry ( 'the technology of printing ' ) . In contrast , engineering is the activity of effecting change through the design and manufacture of artifacts ( 'the engineering of print technology ' ) .
Ethics
What distinguishes engineering design from artistic design is the requirement for the engineer to make quantitative predictions of the behavior and effect of the artifact prior to its manufacture . Such predictions may be more or less accurate but usually includes the effects on individuals and/or society . In this sense , engineering can be considered a social as well a technological discipline and judged not just by whether its artifacts work , in a narrow sense , but also by how they influence and serve social values . What engineers do is subject to moral evaluation .
Modeling
Socio-technical systems , such as transport , utilities and their related infrastructures comprise human elements as well as artifacts . Traditional mathematical and physical modeling techniques may not take adequate account of the effects of engineering on people , and culture . The Civil Engineering discipline makes elaborate attempts to ensure that a structure meets its specifications and other requirements prior to its actual construction . The methods employed are well known as Analysis and Design . Systems Modelling and Description makes an effort to extract the generic unstated principles behind the engineering approach .
Product life cycle
The traditional engineering disciplines seem discrete but the engineering of artifacts has implications that extend beyond such disciplines into areas that might include psychology , finance and sociology . The design of any artifact will then take account of the conditions under which it will be manufactured , the conditions under which it will be used , and the conditions under which it will be disposed . Engineers can consider such `` life cycle '' issues without losing the precision and rigor necessary to design functional systems .
See also
Carl Mitcham
Henry Petroski
Philosophy of technology
Philosophy of science
Ethics
Science and Engineering Ethics
Publications
Books
P. & Gunn A.S. ( 1998 ) , Engineering , Ethics , and the Environment , Cambridge University Press , New York
Addis W ( 1990 ) Structural Engineering : The Nature of Theory and Design , Ellis Horwood , Chichester , UK
Addis W ( 1986 ) Theory and Design in Civil and Structural Engineering : A Study in the History and Philosophy of Engineering , PhD Thesis , University of Reading
Bucciarelli L.L . ( 2003 ) Engineering Philosophy , Delft University Press , Delft
Bush V. ( 1980 ) Science , The Endless Frontier , National Science Foundation Press , Washington DC
Beale N. , Peyton-Jones S.L . et al . ( 1999 ) Cybernauts Awake Ethical and Spiritual Implications of Computers , Information Technology and the Internet Church House Publishing ISBN
Cutcliffe S.H . ( 2000 ) Ideas , Machines and Values : An introduction to Science , Technology and Social Studies , Rowman and Littlefield , Lanham , MD
Davis , M. ( 1998 ) Thinking like an Engineer : Studies in the Ethics of a Profession , Oxford University Press , New York .
Florman , Samuel C. ( 1981 ) Blaming Technology : The Irrational Search for Scapegoats , St Martin 's Press , New York
Florman , Samuel C. ( 1987 ) The Civilized Engineer , St Martin 's Press , New York
Florman , Samuel C. ( 1968 ) Engineering and the Liberal Arts : A Technologist 's Guide to History , Literature
Florman , Samuel C. ( 1994 ) The Existential Pleasures of Engineering , 2nd ed , St Martin 's Press , New York
Florman , Samuel C. ( 1996 ) The Introspective Engineer , St Martin 's Press , New York
Goldman S.L . ( 1991 ) `` The social captivity of Engineering '' , Critical Perspectives on non academic Science and Engineering , ( ed Durbin P.T . ) , Lehigh University Press , Bethlehem , PA
Goldman S.L . ( 1990 ) `` Philosophy , Engineering and Western Culture '' , in Broad and Narrow interpretations of Philosophy of Technology , ( ed Durbin P.T . ) , Kluwer , Amsterdam
Harris E.C , Pritchard M.S . & Rabins M.J. ( 1995 ) , Engineering Ethics : Concepts and Cases , Wadsworth , Belmont , CA
Johnston , S. , Gostelow , P. , Jones , E. ( 1999 ) , Engineering and Society : An Australian perspective , 2nd Ed . Longman ,
Lewis , Arthur O. Jr. ed . ( 1963 ) , Of Men and Machines , E.P . Dutton
Martin M.W . & Schinzinger R ( 1996 ) , Ethics in Engineering , 3rd ed . McGraw-Hill , New York
Mitcham C. ( 1999 ) , Thinking through Technology : The Path between Engineering and Philosophy , University of Chicago Press , Chicago , pp . 19–38 .
Mumford L. ( 1970 ) The Myth of the Machine , Harcourt Brace Javonovich , New York
Blockley , David ( 1980 ) The Nature of Structural Design and Safety , Ellis Howood , Chichester , UK . ( Free download )
Blockley , David ( Editor ) ( 1992 ) Engineering Safety , McGraw Hill , ( Free download )
Blockley , David ( 2010 ) A Very Short Introduction to Engineering Oxford University Press ,
Petroski , Henry ( 1992 ) To Engineer Is Human : The Role of Failure in Successful Design
Petroski , Henry ( 2010 ) The Essential Engineer : Why Science Alone Will Not Solve Our Global Problems
Simon H. ( 1996 ) , The Sciences of the Artificial , 3rd ed . MIT Press , Cambridge , MA
Unger S.H . ( 1994 ) , Controlling Technology : Ethics and the Responsible Engineer , 2nd ed. , John Wiley , New York
Vincenti W.G . ( 1990 ) What Engineers Know and How They Know It : Analytical Studies from Aeronautical History , The Johns Hopkins University Press , Baltimore , Md .
Jeroen van den Hoven , Seumas Miller & Thomas Pogge ( 2017 ) . Designing in Ethics . Cambridge University Press , Cambridge .
Priyan Dias ( 2019 ) . Philosophy for Engineering : Practice , Context , Ethics , Models , Failure . Springer Singapore .
Carl Mitcham ( 2019 ) . Steps toward a Philosophy of Engineering : Historico-Philosophical and Critical Essays .
Articles
Philosophy in the Making by Natasha McCarthy Ingenia March 26 , 2006
Creed M.J. ( 1993 ) `` Introducing Structures in a Modern Curriculum '' , Proceedings of the Conference , Innovation and Change in Civil Engineering Education , The Queen 's University of Belfast
Davis , M. ( 2001 ) The Professional Approach to Engineering Ethics : Five Research Questions , Science and Engineering Ethics 7 ( July 2001 ) : 379-390 .
Lewin D ( 1981 ) Engineering Philosophy - The Third Culture , Paper to the Royal Society , UK
Mitcham C. ( 1994 ) , `` Engineering Design Research and Social Responsibility '' , Ethics of Scientific Research , pp . 153–196 and 221-223
Hess , J.L . and Fore , G. , ( 2018 ) . `` A systematic literature review of US engineering ethics interventions '' , Science and Engineering Ethics , 24 ( 2 ) , pp.551-583 .
Mitcham , C. and Englehardt , E.E. , 2019 . `` Ethics across the curriculum : Prospects for broader ( and deeper ) teaching and learning in research and engineering ethics '' , Science and Engineering Ethics , 25 ( 6 ) , pp.1735-1762 .
Notes and references
External links
Philosophy in the Making by Natasha McCarthy Ingenia March 26 , 2006
Royal Academy of Engineering 'philosophy ' and ethics
philosophy
Raffaello Riccardi ( Moscow , 4 February 1899 – Rome , 1977 ) was an Italian Fascist politician . He was the minister for Exchanges and Currencies of the Kingdom of Italy from October 1939 to February 1943 .
Biography
Born to a Russian mother , he took part in the First World War as a cavalry officer . After the war he joined the nascent Fascist movement , and was among the founders of the Senigallia section of the Italian Fasces of Combat in July 1920 and of that of Pesaro a few months later , where he founded and directed the weekly magazine L'Ora . He was also a prominent leader of the Fascist `` squads '' in the Marche , leading several expeditions against anti-fascists ; in October 1922 he commanded an expedition to Fossombrone in retaliation for the killing of two Fascists , in which the Communist activist Giuseppe Valenti was tortured and shot . In order to escape the subsequent arrest warrant for voluntary murder , he temporarily moved under a false identity to Sicily , where he assisted the mafia in placing workers of the sulfur mines in the Fascist trade unions ; he was sentenced to four months and fifteen days in prison for the murder of Valenti , but the sentence was cancelled by an amnesty proclaimed by the newly established Fascist regime on 22 December 1922 ( in the meantime , Riccardi had participated in the March on Rome ) . In 1939 he published a memoir on the period of the squadrismo in the Marche , Pagine Squadriste , in which he recalled numerous episodes of political violence of which he had been the protagonist , directing the Fascist squad of Pesaro , writing : `` Violence is the midwife of the revolution , in whose hands the new order is born ( ... ) The great ascensional parables that peoples build and launch beyond their own destiny are illuminated by the blood that generated them . I believe in violence ; and to it I attribute thaumaturgical faculties . Violence is , in the political life of a people , what the crisis is in its economic life : the corrective par excellence '' .
In the early 1920s he was a provincial trustee of the National Fascist Party and private secretary of deputy Silvio Gai , and in 1924 he was elected to the Italian Parliament , and re-elected in 1929 . He held various offices within the Mussolini Cabinet during the following years , serving as undersecretary of the Ministry of Communications from 9 July 1928 to 11 September 1929 , and as undersecretary of the Ministry of Air Force from 12 September 1929 to 6 November 1933 . In 1934 he was once again re-elected as member of the Chamber of Deputies , and in 1939 he became a member of the Chamber of Fasces and Corporations , as well as consul general of the Volunteer Militia for National Security . On 31 October 1939 he was appointed Minister for Exchange and Currencies , as well as president of the National Institute for Foreign Exchange and Commissioner of the Fascist National Institute for Foreign Trade . As Minister , he brought Mussolini evidence of the involvement of Marcello Petacci in several financial scandals in 1942 . In 1938-1939 he was also president of the Polisportiva S.S. Lazio and of the Italian Boxing Federation . In 1942 he was awarded an honorary law degree from the University of Urbino .
His political rise was accompanied by considerable enrichment , and at the beginning of the 1930s he was involved in a series of government inquiries on a number of enterprises in Pesaro , such the Pesaro Savings Bank , the Consortium of Production and Work Cooperatives , and the Società Anonima Industria Bagni e Alberghi ( SAIBA ) , which revealed a control system of these institutions , managed by former squadristi , still headed by Riccardi . According to the investigations , the executives of these companies exploited them for the purpose of personal enrichment , in a dense network of abuses and irregularities . The investigations revealed instances of Riccardi 's direct influence on the system , money flows to him , and the use of his name by local executives to strengthen their control . In 1940 Mussolini asked him to clarify persistent rumors relating to his economic interests ; Riccardi replied by affirming his honesty . In 1942 further investigations indicated that Riccardi had invested capital in Switzerland . On 6 February 1943 he was dismissed from his post and replaced as Minister by Oreste Bonomi .
After the fall of the Fascist regime on 25 July 1943 , Riccardi was arrested by order of Marshal Pietro Badoglio and imprisoned in the Regina Coeli prison , from which he was freed by the Germans after their occupation of Italy in September 1943 . He was then taken to Munich and joined the Italian Social Republic , without however holding any political office . After the end of the war , in July 1947 he was tried for the 1922 murder of Valenti , but was acquitted due to insufficient evidence , and declared that the episodes narrated in Pagine Squadriste were fictional . He publishes a memoir in 1946 , and retired to private life in Lugano , Switzerland . He died in Rome in 1977 .
References
External links
1899 births
1977 deaths
Finance ministers of Italy
Mussolini Cabinet
Italian military personnel of World War I
Members of the Chamber of Deputies ( Kingdom of Italy )
Members of the Chamber of Fasces and Corporations
National Fascist Party politicians
Deputies of Legislature XXVII of the Kingdom of Italy
Deputies of Legislature XXVIII of the Kingdom of Italy
Deputies of Legislature XXIX of the Kingdom of Italy
Emigrants from the Russian Empire to Italy
Italian people of Russian descent
20th-century Italian journalists
Italian magazine founders
The 461st Bombardment Squadron is an inactive United States Air Force unit . Its last assignment was with 346th Bombardment Group at Kadena Airfield , Okinawa , where it was inactivated on 30 June 1946 . From 1942 the squadron served as a replacement training unit for heavy bomber aircrews . It was inactivated in the spring of 1944 in a general reorganization of Army Air Forces training units . The squadron was activated again in 1944 as a Boeing B-29 Superfortress unit . Although it deployed to the Pacific , it arrived too late to see combat service .
History
Heavy bomber replacement training
The 461st Bombardment Squadron was first activated in July 1942 at Salt Lake City Army Air Base , Utah as one of the original squadrons of the 331st Bombardment Group . In September it moved to Casper Army Air Field , where it conducted Boeing B-17 Flying Fortress replacement training until 1943 , when it converted to the Consolidated B-24 Liberator . Replacement training units were oversized units which trained aircrews prior to their deployment to combat theaters . However , the Army Air Forces found that standard military units , based on relatively inflexible tables of organization , were not proving to be well adapted to the training mission . Accordingly , it adopted a more functional system in which each base was organized into a separate numbered unit , while the groups and squadrons acting as replacement training units were disbanded or inactivated . This resulted in the 462d , along with other units at Casper , being inactivated in the spring of 1944 and being replaced by the 211th AAF Base Unit ( Combat Crew Training Station , Heavy ) , which assumed the 331st Group 's mission , personnel , and equipment .
Very heavy bomber operations
In August 1944 , the squadron was reactivated as a Boeing B-29 Superfortress unit at Dalhart Army Air Field , Texas and assigned to the 346th Bombardment Group . It trained with Superfortresses at Dalhart and Pratt Army Air Field , Kansas until June 1945 , when it began moving to Okinawa to become part of Eighth Air Force . Although the war ended before the squadron could begin operations , a few of its crews formed part of its forward echelon and flew missions with B-29 units of Twentieth Air Force .
The squadron flew several shows of force missions from Okinawa over Japan following VJ Day . It also evacuated prisoners of war from camps in Japan to the Philippines . The squadron was inactivated on Okinawa in June 1946 .
Lineage
Constituted as the 461st Bombardment Squadron ( Heavy ) on 1 July 1942
Activated on 6 July 1942
Inactivated on 1 April 1944
Redesignated 461st Bombardment Squadron , Very Heavy on 4 August 1944
Activated on 18 August 1944
Inactivated on 30 June 1946
Assignments
331st Bombardment Group , 6 July 1942 - 1 April 1944
346th Bombardment Group , 18 August 1944 - 30 June 1946
Stations
Salt Lake City Army Air Base , Utah , 6 July 1942
Casper Army Air Field , Wyoming , 15 September 1942 - 1 April 1944
Dalhart Army Air Field , Texas , 18 August 1944
Pratt Army Air Field , Kansas , 12 December 1944 - 29 June 1945
Kadena Airfield , Okinawa , 13 August 1945 - 30 June 1946
Aircraft
Boeing B-17 Flying Fortress , 1942-1943 , 1945
Consolidated B-24 Liberator , 1943-1944
Boeing B-29 Superfortress , 1945-1946
Curtiss C-46 Commando , 1946
References
Notes
Bibliography
Military units and formations established in 1942
Bombardment squadrons of the United States Army Air Forces
The Weldon Gin Company Historic District encompasses a historic cotton gin complex in Weldon , Arkansas . With a history dating to 1833 , the Weldon Gin Company was long a staple of the local economy . Located in the center of the town at the junction of Weldon and Washington Streets , the company complex includes a main gin building , built in 1939 , and four outbuildings . The present mill was built to replace an earlier steam-powered mill after electricity was introduced to the area in the 1930s .
The complex was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008 .
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Jackson County , Arkansas
References
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Arkansas
Buildings and structures in Jackson County , Arkansas
National Register of Historic Places in Jackson County , Arkansas
The Kapitan Khlebnikov ( , ) is a Russian ( formerly Soviet ) icebreaker . The vessel now operates as a cruise ship offering excursions to the Arctic and Antarctic .
History
The Kapitan Khlebnikov was completed in Finland in 1981 as one of four Kapitan Sorokin class icebreakers . She was refitted in 1990 as a tour ship . and was the first ship to circumnavigate Antarctica with passengers in 1996–97 .
In February 2006 the Kapitan Khlebnikov reached the Bay of Whales in the Antarctic , reaching 78° 40.871 ' south and equalling the record set by Roald Amundsen in the Fram in 1911 .
Construction and layout
A polar-class icebreaker , combining power and technology with creature comforts , Kapitan Khlebnikov was originally designed for the rigors of the Arctic Ocean . The vessel has twin decks with superstructure and engine room in the middle , an icebreaker bow and transom stern . The stern region is cushioned to allow for the close towing of other vessels when helping them through the ice .
Passenger accommodation is in 54 cabins and suites , with 2 dining rooms , a lounge and bar . Facilities include a heated indoor swimming pool , exercise room and sauna , theatre-style auditorium and shop . The library has a collection of polar-themed books .
The double hull has water ballast between , with pumps that can move ballast water at up to 74 tonnes a minute to aid ice breaking . The hull thickness is 45 mm at the ice skirt and 25–35 mm elsewhere . Friction between the ship and the ice is reduced by a polymer-paint coating at the level of the ice skirt . An air bubbling system helps ice breaking . Air can be forced under pressure from 2 m above the keel from the bow to halfway down the ship .
Service
In addition to charters for scientific missions , and for supplying mines and other resource exploitation industries , the vessel is chartered for adventure cruises .
Stuck in the ice
In November 2009 , the vessel was trapped in Antarctic ice in a bay near to Snow Hill Island .
The Guardian reports that 101 passengers , mainly United Kingdom citizens , were among the 184 trapped ship 's complement . The excursion was called the `` Emperor Penguin Safari '' , and was arranged by an adventure travel firm called `` Exodus '' . Three of the UK passengers were a BBC film crew , working on a documentary , entitled `` Frozen Planet '' . The ship was placed a few days behind schedule but not endangered .
See also
She is one of four large icebreakers operated by the Far East Shipping Company :
Icebreaker Admiral Makarov
Icebreaker Magadan
Icebreaker Krasin
References
External links
General information on the Kapitan Khlebnikov at Quark Expeditions
- Hughes describes his journey on the Kapitan Khlebnikov
Icebreakers of Russia
Icebreakers of the Soviet Union
Expedition cruising
1981 ships
Articles containing video clips
Sergei Shipov ( born 17 April 1966 ) is a Russian chess player , trainer , journalist and writer . He was awarded the title Grandmaster by FIDE in 1996 .
Career
Shipov founded the chess website Crestbook where , among other services , he provides online commentary to current chess events in Russian . One of the most popular areas of the site is `` Ask Shipov '' where Shipov answers questions on chess-related topics .
Shipov is also a chess trainer and a chess writer . Among other players , he worked with Alexandra Kosteniuk , Ian Nepomniachtchi , Daniil Dubov , Grigoriy Oparin , and Andrey Esipenko . Shipov wrote a book about a system for black in Sicilian Defence , `` The Complete Hedgehog '' . He is also a strong blitz chess player with a rating around 2700 on the chess.com website . Shipov has a YouTube channel where he publishes videos with chess analysis .
In 2006 Shipov won the Midnight Sun Chess Challenge in Tromsø , Norway , with a score of 7½/9 , a half point ahead of Magnus Carlsen .
In February 2022 , FIDE referred Shipov to an internal disciplinary commission for supporting the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine , but the commission acquitted him in March .
Books
Дамский Я. , Шипов С. Последняя интрига века . Каспаров-Крамник . Лондон 2000 , Москва 2000 ,
Шипов С. , Еж . Хищники на шахматной доске , Москва 2004 ,
References
External links
Sergei Shipov 's chess related articles , interviews , commentary , and analysis translations in English . Chess in Translation .
Interview with GM Sergey Shipov by Natalia Pogonina
1966 births
Living people
Chess grandmasters
Russian chess players
Russian chess writers
Russian sports journalists
People from Murom
Russian YouTubers
Russian male YouTubers
María Elena Sánchez González ( born 22 October 1994 ) is a Spanish water polo goalkeeper who won the silver medal with the women 's national water polo team at the 2020 Summer Olympics celebrated in Tokyo , Japan .
International career
In 2018 she won the gold medal at the Mediterranean Games in Tarragona and the bronze at the European Water Polo Championship in Barcelona .
See also
List of Olympic medalists in water polo
List of World Aquatics Championships medalists in water polo
References
External links
Spanish female water polo players
Living people
1994 births
Sportspeople from Terrassa
Water polo players at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Mediterranean Games gold medalists for Spain
Mediterranean Games medalists in water polo
Competitors at the 2018 Mediterranean Games
Medalists at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Olympic silver medalists for Spain in water polo
The Klingon scripts are fictional alphabetic scripts used in the Star Trek movies and television shows to write the Klingon language .
In Marc Okrand 's The Klingon Dictionary , the Klingon script is called , but no information is given about it . When Klingon letters are used in Star Trek productions , they are merely decorative graphic elements , designed to simulate real writing and to create an appropriate atmosphere .
The Astra Image Corporation designed the letters currently used to `` write '' Klingon for Star Trek : The Motion Picture , although they are often incorrectly attributed to Michael Okuda . They based the letters on the Klingon battlecruiser hull markings ( three letters ) first created by Matt Jeffries and on Tibetan writing because the script had sharp letter forms—used as an allusion to the Klingons ' love for bladed weapons .
KLI pIqaD
The Klingon Language Institute ( KLI ) version of the pIqaD script was created by an anonymous source at Paramount , who based the characters on letters seen in the show . This source sent the script in to the Klingon Language Institute , which uploaded it onto its website . The vast majority of Klingonists , however , prefer Latin-based romanization .
The script itself is quite simple : It contains twenty-six letters with a one-to-one grapheme-phoneme correspondence : that is , one letter represents one sound and one sound is written with one letter . The set of characters also includes ten digits . It is written from left to right , top to bottom like English . There is no actual punctuation ; however , those that use punctuation with the script use Skybox punctuation symbols ( see below ) .
The KLI pIqaD script is registered in the ConScript registry in the Private Use Area of Unicode .
Bing translate between many languages and Klingon , including the KLI pIqaD script . Bing currently uses a private use script code of `` Qaak '' for pIqaD instead of the official ISO 15924 script code `` Piqd '' .
ConScript Unicode Registry
In September 1997 , Michael Everson made a proposal for encoding KLI pIqaD in Unicode , based on the Linux kernel source code ( specifically `` Documentation/unicode.txt '' by H. Peter Anvin ) . The Unicode Technical Committee rejected the Klingon proposal in May 2001 on the grounds that research showed almost no use of the script for communication , and the vast majority of the people who did use Klingon employed the Latin alphabet by preference . A modified version of the Linux kernel allocation for pIqaD in the Private Use Area of Unicode was added to the ConScript Unicode Registry ( U+F8D0 to U+F8FF ) by Michael Everson . Since then several fonts using that encoding has appeared , and software for typing in pIqaD has become available . Existing text in the Latin alphabet can easily be converted to pIqaD also . Bing translator can transliterate between pIqaD and Latin forms , but does not convert letters correctly if there are English words .
If a ConScript-compliant font is installed , the following PUA text should display :
The following is a pangram :
Earlier variations
Until the Klingon Language Institute promoted a standardized form of pIqaD for Klingon , there were variations used primarily for decorative effect . Because the letters did not map the Okrandian phonology of the Klingon language , these variants were never adopted by the Klingon speaking community and are n't used in modern Klingon .
Skybox pIqaD
The KLI-adapted version of pIqaD utilizes the character set originally assembled by author Thomas E. Scheuer in his publication `` Mortas-te-Kaase - the Death 's Hand Battle Fleet '' fan organization group operations manual ( compiled , written , illustrated and published by author Thomas E. Scheuer from 1989–1994 ) which the author and founder of the KLI later became a member of , and learned of the MTK character assemblage and membership booklet designations , is n't the only mapping of Klingon letters . The Astra Image letters as released in the `` Mortas-te-Kaase '' were taken and used in the Paramount-endorsed Bitstream font pack . They were used to make a font with ten letters of the English alphabet : `` e '' to `` n '' being represented by the ten different klingon letters . This font itself has been used by the Star Trek production team when creating Klingon graphics ; however it is still used only as random gibberish on the shows . Dr. Schoen would often refer inquiries to Thomas Scheuer as he was still a student of the Klingon language at the time . The Mortas-te-Kaase organisation was also in very close contact with linguist Marc Okrand , who was also an active member of MTK and would often release exclusive additional words and phrases through the regular publications of the organisation via their newsletter `` veS QonoS '' . Scheuer was never credited however , in any of Dr. Schoen 's works or publications , and thus following commercial usage was not credited properly either . A copy of the original release as photocopied from MTK member manual is displayed at the right . ( See also the MTK 1990 Klin-Kon flier utilizing the MTK pIqaD )
The trading card company Skybox used this font when they created the Klingon language cards in their Star Trek : The Next Generation trading card collection . The Klingon cards themselves detail aspects of Klingon culture and feature pIqaD text and a transliteration and translation provided by Marc Okrand . Some of these cards , notably S7 , S8 , and S9 , feature pIqaD , which corresponds to the Latin transcription .
Other known cards include S19 and S20 ( which contain belittling references to Blockbuster , probably an allusion to Blockbuster Video ) the season seven card selection s37 , s38 and s39 ( which featured no actual tlhIngan Hol , but only English and on card S39 Latin , written in the Skybox alphabet ) , and finally , the Checklist cards for each season 's set of cards had the word cards written in Klingon on them when listing the above-mentioned cards .
The script is written in horizontal lines running from left to right , top to bottom , just like English . Klingon can be written with spaces between words ( a word being defined as any noun , verb or leftover , plus any prefixes and suffixes attached to it ) and punctuation . When this is the case , two punctuation marks are used :
An `` up-turned triangle '' with a function similar to a comma , semi-colon or colon .
A `` down-turned '' triangle with a function similar to a full stop , question mark or exclamation mark .
The triangular punctuation marks have been accepted into the common usage of the KLI pIqaD ( see above ) .
Klingon can also be written with no spaces or punctuation at all ; this form is more common on the TV shows . As in English , Klingon text can be left-justified , center-justified , or right-justified , and written in vertical columns on banners .
Due to its nature , the `` Skybox '' Alphabet is ill-suited to writing Klingon , in that ambiguity in the alphabet is apparent , so different words are spelled the same way ; these are homographs . The heartiest commendations and the gravest insults could be written identically ; however , context would go a long way to disambiguating homographs .
Mandel script
A third script , known as the Klinzhai or Mandel script , was included in The U.S.S . Enterprise Officer 's Manual ( 1980 ) . It holds more closely to the D7 battlecruiser hull markings and is also loosely based upon the conceptual art of Matt Jeffries , TOS set designer .
Its letters map to various letters and digraphs of English , but they have no relation to Marc Okrand 's Klingon language . Like the other two alphabets , it is probably written in the same direction as English .
Some fans have suggested this alphabet could be used to write Klingon in its native form .
In 1989 , a fan by the name of David Christensen of Seattle , Washington , developed the first computer text font based on the Mandel script , prior to there being font software , meaning the font was built entirely in ResEdit .
Wikipedia logo
A pIqaD r ( ) using the Code2000 font was used in the upper right corner of the Wikipedia globe logo from 2003 until 2010 . It was replaced with the Ethiopic syllable wə ( ው ) in the May 2010 redesign of the logo .
See also
Alien language
References
External links
Klingon Language Institute ( KLI )
Omniglot : Klingon Alphabet
information on the Skybox Trading cards , with Klingon writing
Installer for a custom Klingon locale , keyboard mapping and pIqaD font for Windows Vista/Windows 7
font used in Bing translator
Custom keyboard mapping for Windows XP
custom locale for using Klingon pIqaD on Windows Vista , font , keyboard and custom locale
Transliterate Between and Latin alphabet transcription
font used for the eurotalk Talk Now ! Learn Klingon course by Jonathan Brown and Marc Okrand . Change case to convert between a Latin and characters
Constructed scripts in fiction
Alphabet
Miscellaneous Unicode blocks
In mathematics , a rod group is a three-dimensional line group whose point group is one of the axial crystallographic point groups . This constraint means that the point group must be the symmetry of some three-dimensional lattice .
Table of the 75 rod groups , organized by crystal system or lattice type , and by their point groups :
The double entries are for orientation variants of a group relative to the perpendicular-directions lattice .
Among these groups , there are 8 enantiomorphic pairs .
See also
Point group
Crystallographic point group
Space group
Line group
Frieze group
Layer group
References
External links
`` Subperiodic Groups : Layer , Rod and Frieze Groups '' on Bilbao Crystallographic Server
Nomenclature , Symbols and Classification of the Subperiodic Groups , V. Kopsky and D. B. Litvin
Euclidean symmetries
Discrete groups
Population ageing is an increasing median age in a population because of declining fertility rates and rising life expectancy . Most countries have rising life expectancy and an ageing population , trends that emerged first in developed countries but are now seen in virtually all developing countries . That is the case for every country in the world except the 18 countries designated as `` demographic outliers '' by the United Nations . The aged population is currently at its highest level in human history . The UN predicts the rate of population ageing in the 21st century will exceed that of the previous century . The number of people aged 60 years and over has tripled since 1950 and reached 600 million in 2000 and surpassed 700 million in 2006 . It is projected that the combined senior and geriatric population will reach 2.1 billion by 2050 . Countries vary significantly in terms of the degree and pace of ageing , and the UN expects populations that began ageing later will have less time to adapt to its implications .
Overview
Population ageing is a shift in the distribution of a country 's population towards older ages and is usually reflected in an increase in the population 's mean and median ages , a decline in the proportion of the population composed of children , and a rise in the proportion of the population composed of elderly . Population ageing is widespread across the world and is most advanced in the most highly developed countries , but it is growing faster in less developed regions , which means that older persons will be increasingly concentrated in the less developed regions of the world . The Oxford Institute of Population Ageing , however , concluded that population ageing has slowed considerably in Europe and will have the greatest future impact in Asia , especially since Asia is in stage five ( very low birth rate and low death rate ) of the demographic transition model .
Among the countries currently classified by the United Nations as more developed ( with a total population of 1.2 billion in 2005 ) , the overall median age rose from 28 in 1950 to 40 in 2010 and is forecast to rise to 44 by 2050 . The corresponding figures for the world as a whole are 24 in 1950 , 29 in 2010 , and 36 in 2050 . For the less developed regions , the median age will go from 26 in 2010 to 35 in 2050 .
Population ageing arises from two possibly-related demographic effects : increasing longevity and declining fertility . An increase in longevity raises the average age of the population by increasing the numbers of surviving older people . A decline in fertility reduces the number of babies , and as the effect continues , the numbers of younger people in general also reduce . Of the two forces , declining fertility now contributes to most of the population ageing in the world . More specifically , the large decline in the overall fertility rate over the last half-century is primarily responsible for the population ageing in the world 's most developed countries . Because many developing countries are going through faster fertility transitions , they will experience even faster population ageing than the currently-developed countries will .
The rate at which the population ages is likely to increase over the next three decades ; however , few countries know whether their older population are living the extra years of life in good or poor health . A `` compression of morbidity '' would imply reduced disability in old age , but an expansion would see an increase in poor health with increased longevity . Another option has been posed for a situation of `` dynamic equilibrium . '' That is crucial information for governments if the limits of lifespan continue to increase indefinitely , as some researchers believe . The World Health Organization 's suite of household health studies is working to provide the needed health and well-being evidence , such as the World Health Survey , and the Study on Global Ageing and Adult Health ( SAGE ) . The surveys cover 308,000 respondents aged at least 18 and 81,000 aged at least 50 from 70 countries .
The Global Ageing Survey , exploring attitudes , expectations , and behaviours towards later life and retirement , directed by George Leeson , and covering 44,000 people aged 40–80 in 24 countries from across the globe , has revealed that many people are now fully aware of the ageing of the world 's population and the implications that it will have on their lives and those of their children and grandchildren .
Canada has the highest per capita immigration rate in the world , partly to counter population ageing . The C. D. Howe Institute , a conservative think tank , has suggested that immigration can not be used as a viable means to counter population ageing . That conclusion is also seen in the work of other scholars . The demographers Peter McDonald and Rebecca Kippen commented , `` As fertility sinks further below replacement level , increasingly higher levels of annual net migration will be required to maintain a target of even zero population growth . ''
Around the world
The world 's older population is growing dramatically .
Asia and Africa are the two regions with a significant number of countries facing population ageing . Within 20 years , many countries in those regions will face a situation of the largest population cohort being those over 65 and the average age approaching 50 . In 2100 , according to research led by the University of Washington , 2.4 billion people will be over the age of 65 , compared with 1.7 billion under the age of 20 . The Oxford Institute of Population Ageing is an institution looking at global population ageing . Its research reveals that many of the views of global ageing are based on myths and that there will be considerable opportunities for the world as its population matures , as the Institute 's director , Professor Sarah Harper , highlighted in her book Ageing Societies .
Most of the developed countries now have sub-replacement fertility levels , and population growth now depends largely on immigration together with population momentum , which also arises from previous large generations now enjoying longer life expectancy .
Of the roughly 150,000 people who die each day across the globe , about two thirds , 100,000 per day , die of age-related causes . In industrialised nations , that proportion is much higher and reaches 90 % .
Well-being and social policies
The economic effects of an ageing population are considerable . Older people have higher accumulated savings per head than younger people but spend less on consumer goods . Depending on the age ranges at which the changes occur , an ageing population may thus result in lower interest rates and the economic benefits of lower inflation . Some economists in Japan see advantages in such changes , notably the opportunity to progress automation and technological development without causing unemployment , and emphasise a shift from GDP to personal well-being .
However , population ageing also increases some categories of expenditure , including some met from public finances . The largest area of expenditure in many countries is now health care , whose cost is likely to increase dramatically as populations age . This would present governments with hard choices between higher taxes , including a possible reweighing of tax from earnings to consumption and a reduced government role in providing health care . However , recent studies in some countries demonstrate the dramatic rising costs of health care are more attributable to rising drug and doctor costs and the higher use of diagnostic testing by all age groups , not to the ageing population that is often claimed .
The second-largest expenditure of most governments is education , with expenses that tend to fall with an ageing population , especially as fewer young people would probably continue into tertiary education as they would be in demand as part of the work force .
Social security systems have also begun to experience problems . Earlier defined benefit pension systems are experiencing sustainability problems because of the increased longevity . The extension of the pension period was not paired with an extension of the active labour period or a rise in pension contributions , which has resulted in a decline of replacement ratios .
Population ageing also affects workforce . The older workers would spend more time on work and human capital of an ageing workforce is low , reducing labor productivity .
The expectation of continuing population ageing prompts questions about welfare states ' capacity to meet the needs of the population . In the early 2000s , the World Health Organization set up guidelines to encourage `` active ageing '' and to help local governments address the challenges of an ageing population ( Global Age-Friendly Cities ) with regard to urbanization , housing , transportation , social participation , health services , etc . Local governments are well positioned to meet the needs of local , smaller populations , but as their resources vary from one to another ( e.g . property taxes , the existence of community organizations ) , the greater responsibility on local governments is likely to increase inequalities . In Canada , the most fortunate and healthier elders tend to live in more prosperous cities offering a wide range of services , but the less fortunate lack access to the same level of resources . Private residences for the elderly also provide many services related to health and social participation ( e.g . pharmacy , group activities , and events ) on site , but they are not accessible to the less fortunate . Also , the environmental gerontology indicates the importance of the environment in active ageing . In fact , promoting good environments ( natural , built , social ) in ageing can improve health and quality of life and reduce the problems of disability and dependence , and , in general , social spending and health spending .
An ageing population may provide incentive for technological progress , as some hypothesise the effect of a shrinking workforce may be offset by automation and productivity gains .
Generally in West Africa and specifically in Ghana , social policy implications of demographic ageing are multidimensional ( such as rural-urban distribution , gender composition , levels of literacy/illiteracy as well as their occupational histories and income security ) . Current policies on ageing in Ghana seem to be disjointed , and ideas on documents on to improve policies in population ageing have yet to be concretely implemented , perhaps partly because of many arguments that older people are only a small proportion of the population
Global ageing populations seem to cause many countries to be increasing the age for old age security from 60 to 65 to decrease the cost of the scheme of the GDP . Age discrimination can be defined as `` the systematic and institutionalized denial of the rights of older people on the basis of their age by individuals , groups , organisations , and institutions . '' Some of the abuse can be a result of ignorance , thoughtlessness , prejudice , and stereotyping . Forms of discrimination are economic accessibility , social accessibility , temporal accessibility and administrative accessibility .
In most countries worldwide , particularly countries in Africa , older people are typically the poorest members of the social spectrum and live below the poverty line .
See also
Ageing
Ageing of Europe
Ageing of Japan
Aging in the American workforce
Centre of Excellence in Population Ageing Research ( CEPAR )
Demographic transition
Gerontology
Overpopulation
Political demography
Population decline
Senescence
The Silver Tsunami
List of countries and regions by population ages 65 and above
References
Additional references
Gavrilov L.A. , Heuveline P. Aging of Population . In : Paul Demeny and Geoffrey McNicoll ( Eds . ) The Encyclopedia of population . New York , Macmillan Reference USA , 2003 , vol.1 , 32–37 .
United Nations , World Population Prospects : The 2004 Revision Population Database , Population Division , 2004 .
Gavrilova N.S. , Gavrilov L.A . Aging Populations : Russia/Eastern Europe . In : P. Uhlenberg ( Editor ) , International Handbook of the Demography of Aging , New York : Springer-Verlag , 2009 , pp . 113–131 .
Jackson R. , Howe N. The Greying of the Great Powers , Washington : Center for Strategic and International Studies , 2008 Major Findings
Goldstone , J . A. , Grinin , L. , and ; Korotayev , A . Research into Global Ageing and its Consequences / History & Mathematics : Political Demography & Global Ageing . Volgograd , Uchitel Publishing House , 2016 .
External links
HelpAge International and UNFPA : Ageing in the 21st Century - A Celebration and A Challenge report ( 2012 )
Global AgeWatch - website providing the latest data , trends and response to global population ageing
AARP International : The Journal - a quarterly international policy publication on global aging ( 2010 )
Deloitte study ( 2007 ) - Serving the Aging Citizen
CoViVE Consortium Population Ageing in Flanders and Europe
UN Programme on Ageing
Oxford Institute of Population Ageing
Human Development Trends 2005 Presentation on UN Human Development Report 2005
Jill Curnow . 2000 . Myths and the fear of an ageing population url=http : //www.population.org.au/media/pub/ageingmyths.pdf } }
Aging Population and Its Potential Impacts
Population Aging and Public Infrastructure in Developed Countries
Projections of the Senior Population in the United States
Centre of Excellence in Population Ageing Research website
Ageing
Demographics indicators
Demographic economics
These are the official results of the men 's 110 metres hurdles event at the 1983 IAAF World Championships in Helsinki , Finland . There were a total number of 28 participating athletes , with four qualifying heats , two semi-finals and the final held on 12 August 1983 .
Records
Existing records at the start of the event .
Results
Qualifying heats
The qualifying heats took place on 11 August , with the 28 athletes involved being split into 4 heats . The first 3 athletes in each heat ( Q ) and the next 4 fastest ( q ) qualified for the semifinals .
Wind : Heat 1 : +1.1 m/s , Heat 2 : +1.9 m/s , Heat 3 : +1.9 m/s , Heat 4 : +2.1 m/s
Heat 1
Heat 2
Heat 3
Heat 4
Semifinals
The semifinals took place on 12 August , with the 16 athletes involved being split into 2 heats . The first 4 athletes in each heat ( Q ) qualified for the final .
Wind :
Heat 1 : +0.9 m/s , Heat 2 : –0.7 m/s
Heat 1
Heat 2
Final
The final took place on August 12 .
Wind : +1.3 m/s
References
H
Sprint hurdles at the World Athletics Championships
Mathew Charles Goggin ( born 13 June 1974 ) is an Australian professional golfer .
Amateur career
As an amateur , he won the 1995 Australian Amateur , played at Huntingdale Golf Club in Melbourne , Victoria , 2 & 1 over American Jamie Crow . He also won the 1995 Tasmanian Amateur , played at Seabrook Golf Club in Wynyard , Tasmania , over fellow Tasmanian Peter Toogood .
Professional career
Goggin is currently a member of the Nationwide Tour . He was previously a member of the PGA Tour from 2000 to 2003 , and regained his card in 2006 . He was a member of the Nationwide Tour in 1999 , 2004 and 2005 . His best PGA Tour year-end money list finish was in 2008 when he finished in 40th . Before playing in the States , he played in Europe . He was a member of the Challenge Tour in 1996 and played on the Challenge Tour and the European Tour in 1997 . He was also a member of the European Tour in 1998 . He also played on the PGA Tour of Australasia .
Goggin was on the PGA Tour until 2010 , when he lost his Tour card after finishing 159th . He went back to the Nationwide Tour for 2011 . He won the first tournament of the season , the Panama Claro Championship .
Family
Mathew is divorced from his former wife Felicity who he has two children with . His mother is Australian golfer , Lindy Goggin . His father , Charlie Goggin , now largely retired , had a career as a leading Tasmanian horse trainer . Mathew 's sister , Luella Meaburn , has worked with her father as a horse trainer . Mathew 's uncles on his father 's side , Bill Goggin and Matt Goggin are former Australian rules football players who both played for the Geelong Football Club .
Amateur wins
1995 Australian Amateur , Tasmanian Amateur
Professional wins ( 9 )
PGA Tour of Australasia wins ( 1 )
PGA Tour of Australasia playoff record ( 1–1 )
Web.com Tour wins ( 5 )
Web.com Tour playoff record ( 0–1 )
Challenge Tour wins ( 2 )
Other wins ( 1 )
1994 Tasmanian Open ( as an amateur )
Results in major championships
CUT = missed the half-way cut
`` T '' = tied
Results in The Players Championship
CUT = missed the halfway cut
`` T '' indicates a tie for a place
Results in World Golf Championships
QF , R16 , R32 , R64 = Round in which player lost in match play
`` T '' = Tied
Team appearances
Amateur
Nomura Cup ( representing Australia ) : 1995
Australian Men 's Interstate Teams Matches ( representing Tasmania ) : 1993 , 1994 , 1995
See also
1999 Nike Tour graduates
2002 PGA Tour Qualifying School graduates
2005 Nationwide Tour graduates
2011 Nationwide Tour graduates
List of golfers with most Web.com Tour wins
References
External links
Australian male golfers
PGA Tour golfers
European Tour golfers
PGA Tour of Australasia golfers
Korn Ferry Tour graduates
People from Hobart
1974 births
Living people
Busta `` Cherry '' Jones ( born Michael Jones , September 26 , 1951 – December 6 , 1995 ) was an American musician , songwriter and producer . He is known for his bass work both live and in the studio with Albert King , Talking Heads , Gang of Four , Chris Spedding as well as many others during a decade spanning career that lasted from the late 1960s until his death in 1995 .
Early life
Jones was born in Memphis Tennessee on September 26 , 1951 . At an early age , he began to teach himself guitar . By the time he had reached his teens , Jones had earned himself a spot in Albert King 's touring band on bass , playing alongside future collaborators and The Kinsey Report band members , Ralph Kinsey and Donald Kinsey .
Career
Early career in Memphis ( 1969-1972 )
Following his time with Albert King , Jones became increasingly involved with the blues revival music scene in Memphis , playing with musicians such as Jim Dickinson and Lee Baker . With Dickinson , Jones would play bass on the Delta Experimental Project , which was a series of compilation albums made up of recordings of older bluesmen from the Mississippi delta , such as Sleepy John Estes and Johnny Woods . However , Jones did n't feel as deep a connection to older traditional blues as Dickinson , feeling that `` “ I 'd sit around with them and get the feel of it , but there was n't really a bass guitar involved , it was mostly acoustic . ''
Rather Jones was much more into the idea of `` crossover music , '' which is what drove him to work with white artists like Lee Baker in the band Moloch . Following lackluster sales of their self-titled debut , Moloch as a band more or less dissolved , leaving Baker as the sole original member . When reforming the band to create the follow-up 7-inch single , Baker recruited Jones to play bass for the songs `` Cocaine Katy '' and `` The Terrorizing Of Miss Nancy Jane '' , both released in 1972 .
Moving to London , work with Sharks and Brian Eno ( 1972-1973 )
Having a fascination with British bands who were at this time also creating a crossover sound , Jones would leave Memphis and join the British band Sharks in July 1972 . Originally formed with ex-Free bassist Andy Fraser , drummer Marty Simon , guitarist Chris Spedding , and lead singer Stephen `` Snips '' Parsons , Sharks toured England , supporting acts like Roxy Music . Fraser would leave the band following a car accident with Simon and Spedding , and Jones was recruited to replace him .
Jones recorded bass for Shark 's sophomore album Jab It In Yore Eye . Released in 1974 , the album also features Jones ' first songwriting credit for the song Baby Shine A Light . The new lineup of the band , which also included keyboardist Nick Judd , were recruited to play tracks on Brian Eno 's first solo record Here Come The Warm Jets , which was recorded September 1973 and released January 1974 .
Return to North America , work in the US and Canada ( 1973-1980 )
Sharks would break up following their second album , and although the band would reunite in the 1990 's and again in the late 2010 's , Jones would not be a part of either lineup . Instead , Jones would again work with Donald and Ralph Kinsey and form the band White Lightnin ' . The group would go on to put out a self titled album on Island Records , featuring production by Mountain bassist Felix Pappalardi and arrangements by future Talking Heads manager Gary Kurfirst . The band would open for acts like Aerosmith , Peter Frampton and Black Oak Arkansas .
By 1977 , White Lightnin ' had broken up and Jones would begin to work in the Canadian rock scene , especially around Montreal . Through his former Sharks bandmate , Marty Simon , Jones would begin working with Walter Rossi , Dwayne Ford and Michel Pagliaro , eventually forming the short lived band The Rockers . Although never releasing any recorded material , The Rockers would eventually become the studio musicians for a later project Rossi would do with George Lagios called Bombers .
Bombers would go on to release their first self titled album , Bombers , in 1978 , with Jones providing both bass and vocals to the album 's songs . Bombers are made up of mostly reworked tracks that were originally by Kurt Haunenstein , as well as a reworking of the traditional Mexican song `` Per Quaiche Dollero in Piu '' , that was called `` The Mexican '' on the album .
Although Bombers was not a runaway success , the first album did generate enough buzz to warrant the band 's sophomore album , appropriately titled Bombers 2 . This time , the songs would be mostly originals written by Jones and Simon . Bombers 2 would spawn the minor hit `` ( Everybody ) Get Dancin ' '' , which peaked at # 3 on the Billboard Dance Club chart in March 1979 .
In 1979 and 1980 , Jones would begin more directly working with members of the band Talking Heads . In September 1979 , Jones would play backing bass alongside David Byrne , credited as `` Absalm el Habib '' , on the Robert Fripp songs `` Under Heavy Manners '' and `` The Zero Signified '' . Following this in early 1980 Jones was asked to play bass alongside Chris Frantz on drums for the Brian Eno-David Byrne album My Life In The Bush of Ghosts . Additionally , Jones would work with Jerry Harrison on two different projects . First , the self titled album for the band Double , which saw Jones writing music and playing multiple instruments alongside Harrison on keyboards and synth , and then the self titled EP for the band Escalators , which again had Jones writing most of the songs and Harrison playing guitar as well as synth .
Solo album and touring with Talking Heads ( 1980-1981 )
In late 1979 , Jones would drop his first solo single `` ( You ) Keep On Making Me Hot '' , produced with the help of a frequent Canadian collaborator , Gino Soccio . This would be followed by Busta Jones ! , the only full length solo album Jones would ever release . Featuring performance by Parliament-Funkadelic members Tyrone Lampkin on drums and Bernie Worrell on keyboards and synth , as well as longtime collaborator Walter Rossi . Despite receiving lukewarm reviews , Hugh Wyatt of the New York Daily News called the album `` hard-driving urban funk '' , the album failed to perform well commercially .
Despite this however , 1980 would see Jones enter possibly his most well-known era of his career , his touring stint with Talking Heads . Following the recording of Talking Heads ' third album Remain in Light , the band decided that in order to perform the newly recorded songs live , Talking Heads would have to expand from 4-piece core member group to a 9-person ensemble . Jones , having already worked directly with most of the band at one point or another , was asked to join as a second bassist as well as tasked with the job of finding other musicians to be fill out the lineup . Jones would be responsible for recruiting both back up singer Dolete McDonald and percussionist Steve Scales for the tour .
McDonald and Jones had known and worked with each other previously , with McDonald having performed backing vocals for Jones ' album . Steve Scales on the other hand , was openly thinking of quitting music all together and going to business school . Luckily , Jones called Scales just in time , and he was onboard for the project . The other two touring members , keyboardist Bernie Worrell and guitarist Adrian Belew , had also played with Talking Heads and/or Talking Heads solo projects previously .
This new expanded lineup would perform during 1980 and 1981 as part of to Remain in Light Tour . The first appearance with the large band was on August 23 , 1980 at the Heatwave festival in Canada in front of 70,000 people ; Robert Hilburn of the Los Angeles Times called the band 's new music a `` rock-funk sound with dramatic , near show-stopping force '' . Since the album would n't be released until October , Heatwave , as well as the following tour stop in Central Park , New York City , would be the first time songs like `` Once in a Lifetime '' and `` Houses in Motion '' were heard by the public . Jones would continue to tour with Talking Heads until February 28 , 1981 when the tour ended in Tokyo Japan . But when Talking Heads began to tour again in 1982 , Jones had left the lineup .
Live recordings from to Remain in Light Tour would end up on Talking Head 's first live album , 1982 's The Name of This Band is Talking Heads . With the albums release , Jones received recognition alongside other touring members for his contributions to the band 's sound and direction . Terry Lawson of Dayton , Ohio 's The Journal Herald said that `` With the help of musicians like Busta Jones and Bernie Worrell , the Heads achieve a sort of suburban soulfulness that 's cool , clean and precise . ''
Chris Spedding , Gang of Four , and other work post-Talking Heads ( 1981 )
Within two weeks of finishing his time with Talking Heads , Jones would record yet another live album , this time with former Sharks bandmate Chris Spedding . The album , called Friday the 13th since it was recorded on Friday March 13 , 1981 at Trax in New York City , was focused on a rock power trio performance of songs by both Spedding and Jones . Rounding out the trio for the album was drummer Tony Machine , who was known at the time for his work with the New York Dolls as well as solo projects by Doll 's members David Johansen and Sylvain Sylvain . During the performance of the song `` Hey Miss Betty , '' Spedding directly references Jones during some on stage banter , saying `` Maybe you think we 're taking a bit of a risk here , Friday the 13th , you know , doing a live album . But I ai n't superstitious . I mean I 've even got a black cat in the band . ''
The group would tour for most of 1981 under the name `` The Trio '' , although occasionally billed as just `` Chris Spedding '' or `` The Chris Spedding Band . '' Their show was loud and full of energy , Tom Harrison , music critic for The Province in Vancouver , British Columbia , wrote that The Trio 's performance was `` enough to batter the kidneys . '' Some time around late summer of 1981 , Tony Machine would leave The Trio to work again with David Johansen . He was replaced by New York experimental composer percussionist David Van Tieghem .
Concurrent with The Trio tour , Jones would also play bass as a member of Gang of Four . Dave Allen , the band 's previous bassist , had quit the band after a show in Montreal , Canada , following months of distress while touring . The other three members of Gang of Four would go to New York City in search of a replacement bassist for upcoming tour dates . They all knew Jones from his work with Talking Heads and Brian Eno and asked if he could do the dates . Jones agreed , and thus began a marathon rehearsal session to get Jones settled into the band . Although skeptical that Jones could so quickly replace Allen , guitarist Andy Gill and singer Jon King quickly changed their minds as they saw how immediately Jones understood the band 's dynamic . Jones would play a number of shows with Gang of Four , most notably a gig at the Showbox in Seattle which had future members of Nirvana in the audience . King , when reflecting on Jones ' time with the group said `` There was incredible energy and an amazing audience . It became a transcendental symbiosis of crowd and band . The Busta Jones gigs were the best gigs we did , I think . '' Despite all of this , Jones would not continue to work with Gang of Four , being replaced by Sara Lee by the end of 1981 .
Later career
Later on , Jones was associated with other new wave and/or punk bands such as The Ramones ( Jones co-wrote the song “ Chasing the Night ” off the Too Tough to Die record , with Joey Ramone and Dee Dee Ramone ) .
Busta worked with video director Robert Milton Wallace for `` My Hands are Shaking '' featuring harrowing footage from the Tiananmen Square massacre where Chinese authorities cracked down on a civil rights protest by students in 1989 . When asked how he dealt with his own experiences of inequality and racism he said his mother had told him to `` just laugh '' and he did .
Jones died of heart failure on December 6 , 1995 in Memphis , Tennessee .
References
1951 births
1995 deaths
Musicians from Memphis , Tennessee
American male singer-songwriters
Guitarists from Tennessee
American male bass guitarists
20th-century American bass guitarists
20th-century American singers
20th-century American male singers
Singer-songwriters from Tennessee
Adna Romulus Johnson ( December 14 , 1860 – June 11 , 1938 ) was a teacher , lawyer , and U.S. Representative from Ohio for one term from 1909 to 1911 .
Biography
Born in Sweet Springs , Missouri , Johnson moved with his mother to a farm in Lawrence County , Ohio , in 1864 , where attended the common schools . He taught school seven years and then studied law . He was admitted to the bar in 1886 .
Johnson graduated from the University of Michigan Law School at Ann Arbor in 1887 and practiced his profession in Ironton , Ohio . He served as the prosecuting attorney of Lawrence County in 1889 .
Johnson was elected as a Republican to the Sixty-first Congress ( March 4 , 1909–March 3 , 1911 ) . He was renominated without opposition in 1910 , but declined to accept . He resumed the practice of law in Ironton . He also engaged in banking and was financially interested in various manufacturing concerns . Johnson served as president of the Ohio State Bar Association in 1933 .
Death
He died in Ironton on June 11 , 1938 , and was interred in Woodland Cemetery .
Sources
1860 births
1938 deaths
University of Michigan Law School alumni
People from Sweet Springs , Missouri
People from Lawrence County , Ohio
Ohio lawyers
County district attorneys in Ohio
People from Ironton , Ohio
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Sadotti is a surname . Notable people with the surname include :
Giorgio Sadotti ( born 1955 ) , British conceptual artist
Mirco Sadotti ( born 1975 ) , Italian footballer
The American Negro Academy ( ANA ) , founded in Washington , DC in 1897 , was the first organization in the United States to support African-American academic scholarship . It operated until 1928 , and encouraged African Americans to undertake classical academic studies and liberal arts .
It was intended to provide support to African Americans working in classic scholarship and the arts , as promoted by W.E.B . Du Bois in his essays about the Talented Tenth , and others of the elite . This was in contrast to Booker T. Washington 's approach to education at Tuskegee University in Alabama , which he led . There he emphasized vocational and industrial training for southern blacks , which he thought were more practical for the lives that most blacks would live in the rural , segregated South .
Founding members
The founders of the ANA were primarily authors , scholars , and artists . They included Alexander Crummell , an Episcopal priest and Republican from New York City , who had also worked in Liberia for two decades and founded the first independent black Episcopal church in Washington , DC ; John Wesley Cromwell of Washington , DC ; Paul Laurence Dunbar , poet and writer in Washington ; Walter B. Hayson ; Archibald Grimké ( brother of Francis ) , attorney and writer ; and scientist Kelly Miller . Crummell served as founding president .
Their first meeting on March 5 , 1897 included eighteen members :
Blanche K. Bruce
Levi J. Coppin
William H. Crogman
John Wesley Cromwell
Dr. Alexander Crummell , an Episcopal clergyman , trained in theology and a prominent church founder .
W.E.B Du Bois , scholar and activist , a co-founder in 1909 of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People ( NAACP ) .
Paul Laurence Dunbar
William H. Ferris
Francis J. Grimké , PhD a Presbyterian clergymen , trained in theological studies . Brother of Archibald .
Benjamin F. Lee
Kelly Miller , PhD professor of Mathematics , known as the first black graduate student to enroll at Johns Hopkins University .
William S. Scarborough
John H. Smythe
Theophilus G. Steward
T. McCants Stewart
Benjamin Tucker Tanner
Robert Heberton Terrell
Richard R. Wright
Other prominent members
Orishatukeh Faduma , missionary and educator
George Washington Henderson , theologian and academic
John Hope , president of Morehouse College and Atlanta University
James Weldon Johnson , writer and civil rights advocate for the NAACP
Alain Locke , philosopher
Robert Pelham Jr. , journalist , civil servant , and civil rights activist
Arturo Alfonso Schomburg , historian , writer , activist , and founder of the Schomburg Center for Research in Black Culture
Carter G. Woodson , historian , editor
Monroe Work , sociologist , activist , and editor
Robert Tecumtha Browne ( 1882-1978 ) , was a prominent member . In 1914 he co-founded the Negro Library Association in New York City . In 1919 he published his masterwork , The Mystery of Space , considered a synthesis of `` mathematics , hyperspace , Eastern religious philosophy , theosophy , and mysticism , '' which was highly praised by mainstream press . He had concealed his race to get the book published . Browne served as the vice president of ANA in 1921 , the same year in which he delivered the keynote address , entitled `` Einstein 's Theory of Relativity . '' He revised the group 's bylaws , at the invitation of Arturo Schomburg .
Early meetings
The Academy was organized in 1897 in Washington , D.C. Black newspapers expressed excitement that the Academy would have possibilities to serve a large audience , seeking to elevate the race through educational enlightenment . Through an assessment of statistical tends , mainly concerning black illiteracy , the Academy planned its work to be published in its Occasional Papers . The scholarly contributions aided the spirit of blacks in the South , who were being disenfranchised by white-dominated legislatures , who also imposed Jim Crow laws .
The Academy generally held an annual meeting of one-two days at Lincoln Temple Memorial Church in Washington , D.C . The public was invited to attend all but the Academy 's business meetings , reserved solely for members . The schedule would occupy the entire day . Reports were presented by the Academy 's secretary and treasurer . During this time , new membership applications to the Academy were considered , as well as discussions on current business . In the evening , an annual address was delivered . For example , W.E.B . Du Bois presented the Academy 's second annual address . A presentation of a paper would follow . The following day , after several paper presentations , discussions took place . Discussions centered around the efficacy of a scholar 's musings . Copies of papers were available upon requests made directly to the Academy 's secretary , or through newspaper requests .
Legacy and efficacy
The ANA was part of the early struggle for equal rights for blacks , seeking to support their academic efforts . It was organized shortly after the United States Supreme Court had upheld the principle of `` separate but equal '' in the 1896 case , Plessy v. Ferguson .
DuBois suggested that a Talented Tenth of African Americans , primarily composed of blacks trained in classical higher education , could lead in educating masses of black citizens . He knew that most of the latter , who still lived in the rural South , would likely work in rural or unskilled jobs . But he wanted to provide opportunities for blacks who could surpass those limits . Through a publication of works among the Academy 's Occasional Papers , the group wanted to expand the reach of its scholarship . As Crummel said , to aid the black intellectual 's efforts to have influence on “ his schools , academies and colleges ; and then enters his pulpits ; and so filters down into his families and his homes…to be a laborer with intelligence , enlightenment and manly ambitions ” .
Scholars have disputed the influence of the Academy . Dr. Alfred A. Moss Jr. argued for its efficacy in The American Negro Academy : Voice of the Talented Tenth . In his analysis of a collection of private letters written by Crummell , Moss said that nearly from the beginning , the Academy was bound to decline . It was unable to consistently organize ; it struggled to recruit new members , and especially to raise scholarship funds for the education of more students . Moss claims that founding member Archibald Henry Grimké expressed in his writings an understanding of the difficulties and socio-economic hardships among African Americans , but , given efforts to unseat him as ANA president , he spent more effort on self-serving interests .
See also
Talented Tenth
Negro
African-American upper class
Footnotes
References
American Negro Academy Occasional Papers , Issues 1-22 , Ayer Publishing , 1970
Moss , Alfred A. , The American Negro Academy : Voice of the Talented Tenth , Louisiana State University Press , 1981 ,
Moses , Wilson Jeremiah , Alexander Crummell : A Study of Civilization and Discontent , Oxford University Press , 1989 , pp 365–366 : reproduces the organization 's bylaws .
Peress , Maurice , Dvořák to Duke Ellington : a conductor explores America 's music and its African American Roots , Oxford University Press , 2004 , pp 54–65 .
Smith , Jessie Carney , and Wynn , Linda T. , Freedom facts and firsts : 400 years of the African American civil rights experience , Visible Ink Press , 2009
African-American history of Washington , D.C .
African Americans and education
African-American literature
African-American arts organizations
Clubs and societies in the United States
Learned societies of the United States
Educational institutions established in 1897
1897 establishments in Washington , D.C .
Organizations disestablished in 1928
1928 disestablishments in the United States
Dženan Ćatić ( born May 26 , 1992 ) is a Bosnian former footballer .
Playing career
College and youth
He attended East Kentwood High School . After graduation he spent time with the youth team and second team of German club 1 . FC Kaiserslautern , Catic moved back to the United States to play NAIA college soccer at Davenport University .
While at college , Catic played with USL PDL club Michigan Bucks during their 2014-15 season , where he scored 16 goals in 14 appearances .
Professional
On January 15 , 2015 , Catic was selected 31st overall in the 2015 MLS SuperDraft by Philadelphia Union . He signed with the club on March 1 , 2015 .
Catic was loaned to the Union 's USL partner club Harrisburg City Islanders in March 2015 .
Catic signed with USL club Rio Grande Valley FC Toros on February 1 , 2016 . Catic opted to miss the 2017 season due to concussion .
Personal
Catic is a dual citizen of the United States and Bosnia & Herzegovina .
References
External links
1992 births
Living people
People from Jablanica , Bosnia and Herzegovina
Bosnia and Herzegovina emigrants to the United States
Soccer players from Michigan
Association football forwards
Bosnia and Herzegovina footballers
American soccer players
1 . FC Kaiserslautern II players
Flint City Bucks players
Philadelphia Union draft picks
Philadelphia Union players
Penn FC players
North Carolina FC players
Rio Grande Valley FC Toros players
Regionalliga players
North American Soccer League players
USL League Two players
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Germany
American expatriate sportspeople in Germany
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate sportspeople in Germany
American expatriate soccer players
Fencing competitions at the 2021 Junior Pan American Games in Cali , Colombia were scheduled to be held from December 3 – 5 , 2021 .
Medal summary
Medal table
Medalists
References
Fencing
Pan American Games
Qualification tournaments for the 2023 Pan American Games
Quorn and Woodhouse railway station is a heritage station on the Great Central Railway ( preserved ) serving Quorn & Woodhouse in Leicestershire . Travelling south from Loughborough , it is the first station that is reached . Here there is a large station yard which is suitable for parking . There is also disabled access through the yard ( Loughborough now has a lift for disabled as well as access via stairs ) . Quorn is laid out to appear as it would in the 1940s , as a typical rural LNER station . The signal box is not original but was taken from Market Rasen .
The station is grade II listed and has a number of attractions , including the 1940s era NAAFI Tea Room situated underneath the station road bridge , a period Station Master 's office , as well as wartime films showing in one of the waiting rooms . In 2011 , a new café called Butler-Henderson Tearooms was opened ; the building , whilst not in keeping with the station itself , complements its surroundings and provides another reason to stop off at the station .
A turntable ( 60-foot balance model ) was delivered to the station in January 2010 from Preston Docks . It had previously seen use in the ex-York Roundhouse in the days of steam . The turntable was built in 1909 by Cowans Sheldon Ltd of Carlisle . Work began on digging the foundations in June 2011 with work being completed during the late summer of that year in time for the annual Steam Railway Magazine gala in early October 2011 .
In film & television
The station and Great Central Railway line were featured in the fourth episode of the 17th series of BBC 's Top Gear programme , shown on 17 July 2011 during a train/car feature , which was filmed in June 2011 .
Route
References
Former Great Central Railway stations
Heritage railway stations in Leicestershire
Grade II listed buildings in Leicestershire
Grade II listed railway stations
Great Central Railway ( preserved )
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1899
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1963
Yellow Fever is a play by R. A. Shiomi , which takes place on Powell Street in Japantown , Vancouver , a gathering place for the local Japanese-Canadian culture . Set in the 1970s , the Sam Spade-like main character , Sam Shikaze , must work to unravel the mysteries that surround him . First produced by the Pan Asian Repertory Theatre in 1982 , it received positive reviews and had a successful run off-Broadway .
Plot summary
Sam Shikaze , a smooth private eye , narrates his own story about what happened when he was hired to find the missing Cherry Blossom Queen . He is soon trapped in a web of racism and political intrigue that seems to lead back to the Hong Kong tongs . Chuck Chan is a lawyer who tried to help solve the case , while Nancy Wing is a beautiful reporter who is searching for a story . Captain Kadota , an old friend of Sam 's , offers his aid as a member of the police force , although Sam and he does not see eye-to-eye on politics .
Characters and actors in the premier production
Sam Shikaze ( Donald Li )
Rosie ( Carol Honda )
Goldberg ( James Jenner )
Chuck Chan ( Henry Yuk )
Nancy Wing ( Freda Foh Shen )
Sergeant Mackenzie ( Jeffrey Spolan )
Capt . Kenji Kadota ( Ernest Abuba )
Superintendent Jameson ( James Jenner )
Presented by the Pan Asian Repertory Theater :
Raul Aranasm , stage director
Tisa Chang , artistic director
Susan Socolowski , administrative director
Awards and honors
1982 : Bay Area Theater Circle Critics Award
1982 : `` Bernie '' for new play from the San Francisco Chronicle
1983 : Obie Award to Ernest Abuba for performance
References
External links
http : //www.panasianrep.org
http : //www.panasianrep.org/panasian/pastplays.htm
http : //www.nytimes.com/1982/12/02/theater/theater-yellow-fever-by-the-pan-asian-rep.html
1982 plays
Canadian plays
The basketball tournaments of NCAA Season 91 were the Philippines ' National Collegiate Athletic Association tournaments for the current season . The Mapua Institute of Technology hosted the season , started with an opening ceremony held on June 27 , 2015 , at the Mall of Asia Arena followed by a double-header . Games are expected to be followed at the Filoil Flying V Arena in San Juan , with two seniors and juniors games . The seniors ' games are aired live by ABS-CBN Sports and Action and in High Definition on Balls HD 167 .
Seniors ' tournament
Teams
Elimination round
Team standings
Match-up results
Scores
Seeding playoffs
The top 5 teams are separated by 1 game .
Letran and San Beda were tied for first and second ; a playoff was held to determine which will be the # 1 seed .
JRU , Mapua and Arellano were tied for third to fifth ; a series of playoffs were held . JRU had the bye as the team with the best head-to-head record among the three :
Mapua and Arellano played for the # 4 seed ; the loser is eliminated ; the winner advances to the third-seed playoff , and is guaranteed no less than a # 4 seed
JRU waited for the third-seed playoff ; the winner gets the # 3 seed , while the loser is the # 4 seed
First–seed playoff
Winner faces the # 4 seed , while the loser faces the # 3 seed . Both still have the twice-to-beat advantage in the semifinals .
Fourth–seed playoff
Winner advances to the third seed playoff and is guaranteed of no less than a # 4 seed , while the loser is eliminated .
Third–seed playoff
Winner is the third seed , while the loser settles for the # 4 seed .
Bracket
Game went into overtime
Semifinals
San Beda and Letran have the twice-to-beat advantage ; they only have to win once , while their opponents twice , to advance to the Finals .
San Beda vs. JRU
Letran vs. Mapua
Finals
This is a best-of-three playoff .
Finals Most Valuable Player :
All-Star Game
The 10 member schools were divided into East and West . The East squad is represented by players from San Beda College , University of Perpetual Help , Arellano University , Jose Rizal University and San Sebastian College-Recoletos , while the West team draws from Lyceum of the Philippines University , Emilio Aguinaldo College , College of Saint Benilde , Mapua Institute of Technology , and Colegio de San Juan de Letran .
All-Star Game MVP : Jonathan Grey ( CSB )
Side events winners
3-Point Shootout Champion : Mark Cruz ( Letran )
Slam Dunk Champion : Jebb Bulawan ( Lyceum )
Miss NCAA : Lyra Velchez ( Perpetual )
Miss NCAA 1st Runner-Up : Rycca Timog ( Lyceum )
Miss NCAA 2nd Runner-Up : Zahara Soriano ( Arellano )
Awards
The awards were given prior to Game 1 of the Seniors ' basketball finals on October 23 , 2015 , at the Mall of Asia Arena .
Most Valuable Player :
Rookie of the Year :
Mythical Five :
All-Defensive Team :
Defensive Player of the Year :
Most Improved Player :
Coach of the Year :
Broadcast notes
Finals
Simulcast over ABS-CBN Sports and Action , The Filipino Channel or ABS-CBN Sports and Action International , and Balls HD 195 with replays on Balls and Balls HD 195 .
Additional Game 3 crew :
Award presenter : Andrei Felix
Juniors ' tournament
Elimination round
Team standings
Match-up results
Scores
Fourth–seed playoff
Bracket
Stepladder semifinals
The semifinals consist of two rounds of single-elimination .
First round
Second round
Finals
Since San Beda swept the elimination round , the Finals is a de facto best of five series with San Beda automatically leading 1–0 . Therefore , San Beda has to win twice , while Arellano needed thrice , to win the championship .
Finals Most Valuable Player :
Awards
Most Valuable Player :
Mythical Five :
Defensive Player of the Year :
Rookie of the Year :
Most Improved Player :
Coach of the Year :
Controversies
Wrong uniform
The NCAA Management Committee , chaired by Melchor Divina of Mapua , upheld the recommendation of commissioner Arturo Cristobal forfeiting La Salle-Greenhills ' 88–49 victory over Letran . LSGH 's Jesmar Pedrosa , Alain Madrigal and Ladis Lepalam wore Nos . 20 , 28 and 27 , respectively , which violated a league rule limiting the use of jersey numbers to Nos . 4 to 19 .
See also
UAAP Season 78 basketball tournaments
References
External links
Official website
90
2015–16 in Philippine college basketball
Illusions are jazz saxophonist Arthur Blythe 's third album for the Columbia label , recorded in New York City in 1980 .
Reception
From contemporary reviews , Robert Palmer placed the album at fifth place in his best of 1980 list for the New York Times , proclaiming Blythe to be a `` formidable alto saxophonist '' and that the funk tunes on the album `` proved that substantial yet danceable jazz is n't an impossible dream . ''
From retrospective reviews , Scott Yanow of AllMusic states that `` the distinctive alto of Blythe is heard in top form on six of his unusual originals ... It 's recommended . ''
Track listing
All compositions by Arthur Blythe
`` Bush Baby '' - 6:28
`` Miss Nancy '' - 7:24
`` Illusions '' - 4:10
`` My Son Ra '' - 5:59
`` Carespin ' With Mamie '' - 7:04
`` As of Yet '' - 5:04
Recorded at CBS Recording Studios , New York in April & May 1980 .
Personnel
Arthur Blythe - alto saxophone
Abdul Wadud - cello ( tracks 1 , 3 & 5 )
James Blood Ulmer - guitar ( tracks 1 , 3 & 5 )
Bob Stewart - tuba ( tracks 1 , 3 & 5 )
John Hicks - piano ( tracks 2 , 4 & 6 )
Fred Hopkins - bass ( tracks 2 , 4 & 6 )
Bobby Battle ( tracks 1 , 3 & 5 ) , Steve McCall ( tracks 2 , 4 & 6 ) - drums
References
Sources
1980 albums
Columbia Records albums
Arthur Blythe albums
Julio César Méndez Montenegro ( November 23 , 1915 – † April 30 , 1996 ) was the Revolutionary Party President of Guatemala from July 1 , 1966 to July 1 , 1970 . Mendez was elected on a platform promising democratic reforms and the curtailment of military power . The only civilian to occupy Guatemala 's presidency during the long period of military rule between 1954 and 1986 . Mendez had assumed the presidency under a pact in July 1966 that gave the armed forces carte blanche with respect to internal security matters and an effective veto over governmental policy . Nevertheless , his election and swearing in was considered a major turning point for the long military-led Guatemala . He was the first cousin of César Montenegro Paniagua whose kidnapping , torture and murder during the Julio César Méndez presidency is rumored to have been undertaken with presidential sanction .
Presidency ( 1966–1970 )
In 1966 , the left-of-center Méndez defied odds after being elected and successfully sworn in as President of Guatemala . As a civilian who previously made a career as a law professor , Méndez 's election , despite challenges , was also considered a historical transition from longstanding military rule in Guatemala . At the time of Méndez 's election , Juan Jose Arévalo , who served as President of Guatemala from 1945 to 1951 , was the only civilian to complete a full presidential term since Guatemala 's independence in 1847 .
It was during the Mendez presidency that the United States dramatically expanded its military mission in Guatemala . Within days of Mendez taking office , US Colonel John Webber Jr. was dispatched to the country to assist in modernizing Guatemala 's counterinsurgency apparatus . Under Colonel Webber 's command , the United States expanded training within Guatemala 's 5,000-man army and outfitted the Guatemalan security forces with the most modern counterinsurgency equipment available . The United States also assisted the Guatemalan security forces in the implementation and use of counter-terrorism , and the establishment of counter-terror units under the supervision of U.S. police advisors . With increased US military support , the Guatemalan Army launched a counter-insurgency campaign that successfully combated and dispersed the left-wing guerrilla organizations fighting in the mountains and country . The guerrillas , including the Rebel Armed Forces ( Fuerzas Armadas Rebeldes — FAR ) , then concentrated their attacks in Guatemala City , assassinating many leading representatives of the military government , U.S. military advisors , and the American ambassador John Gordon Mein , in 1968 .
`` White Terror '' and paramilitarism
The repression that began to take shape under the presidency of Enrique Peralta Azurdia intensified under Mendez . With the onset of the Guatemalan army 's first major anti-guerrilla offensive , the army and security forces carried out widespread extrajudicial killing , torture and forced disappearances . The repression was most intense in the southeastern region of the country , particularly in the department of Zacapa , under the command of Colonel Carlos Manuel Arana Osorio .
In March 1966 , thirty Guatemalan Party of Labour ( PGT ) associates were kidnapped , tortured , and killed by the security forces . This was one of the first major instances of forced disappearance in Latin American history . These 30 disappearances marked the beginning of a dramatic increase of state repression in 1966 . When law students at the University of San Carlos used legal measures ( such as habeas corpus petitions ) to require the government to present the detainees at court , some of the students were `` disappeared '' in turn .
In exchange for military support of his administration , President Mendez authorized the armed forces to use `` any means necessary '' to suppress the insurgency . No longer bound to the rule of law , the security forces resorted to terror to control the population and dismantle the civilian support base of the insurgency . Guatemalan government forces killed or `` disappeared '' thousands of civilians during the escalation of the counterinsurgency . The repression was most intense in the eastern regions where the MR-13 operated , and in Guatemala City where the PGT operated . In eastern Guatemala , government forces engaged in the massacre of civilians and destruction of peasant communities as a means of breaking up guerrilla bases .
Some observers referred to the policy of the Guatemalan government as `` White Terror '' -a term previously used to describe similar periods of anti-communist mass killing in countries such as Taiwan and Spain- Observers estimate that as many as 15,000 Guatemalans were killed by the military and government-led death squads in three years of Mendez 's presidency to eliminate fewer than 300 Marxist guerrillas . Amnesty International cited lower estimates of 3,000 to 8,000 peasants killed by the military during that time . Colonel Arana , who commanded the Guatemalan army , earnt the nickname `` Butcher of Zacapa '' or `` Jackal of the East . '' The victims included guerrilla sympathizers , labor union leaders , intellectuals , students , and people vaguely defined `` enemies of the government . ''
The government 's use of `` any means necessary '' resulted in the opposition increasing its level of resistance to ensure its survival . The `` White Terror '' ( which led to the destruction of the FAR 's ladino peasant base in the eastern provinces ) caused the MR-13 to retreat to Guatemala City . There , the MR-13 began to engage in selective killings of members of the security forces as well as U.S. military advisors . The insurgents assassinated the American ambassador to Guatemala , John Gordon Mein , in 1968 , and the German ambassador to Guatemala , Karl Von Spreti , in 1970 .
SCUGA
Following the inauguration of Méndez Montenegro , he appointed Colonel Rafael Arriaga Bosque to Defense Minister . Mendez activated the 'Special Commando Unit of the Guatemalan Army ' ( SCUGA ) . The SCUGA was placed under the command of Colonel Máximo Zepeda in January 1967 , after which point it assumed command over most of the Guatemalan government 's urban counterinsurgency operations against PGT . Composed of both military and civilian personnel , the SCUGA functioned both as a counter-terror apparatus and as an intelligence-gathering apparatus . SCUGA commandos routinely carried out abductions , bombings , street assassinations , torture , `` disappearances '' and executions of both documented and suspected communists . The SCUGA often collaborated with the Fourth Corps of the Guatemalan National Police , which carried out similar activities . Together these forces often carried out various counter-terror and counter-insurgency operations under the guise of fictitious paramilitary death squads and anti-communist front organizations ( known by acronyms such as the NOA , CADEG , CRAG and RAYO ) . In addition to engaging in operations under the guise of para-militarism , the SCUGA nominally worked with paramilitary death squads such as the infamous Mano Blanca ( `` White Hand '' ) .
Mano Blanca
Mano Blanca , or the Movement of Organized Nationalist Action , was set up in 1966 as a front for the MLN to carry out its more violent activities , along with many other similar groups , including the New Anticommunist Organization and the Anticommunist Council of Guatemala . These three groups operated within the United States supported government arm known as the Regional Telecommunications Center , which linked them to various government , military and police agencies . This network was built on the Committees against Communism created by the Central Intelligence Agency after the coup in 1954 . The members of Mano Blanco were largely army officers , and the outfit received a lot of its funding from planters . It also received information from military intelligence . It was one of the only death squads directly affiliated with a political party . Most such groups were `` phantom organizations , '' created so that the Guatemalan military could carry out illicit activities .
Armed with this support , Mano Blanca began a campaign described by the United States Department of State as one of `` kidnappings , torture , and summary execution . '' One of the main targets of Mano Blanca was the Partido Revolucionario ( PR ) , an anti-communist group that was the only major reform oriented party allowed to operate under the military-dominated regime . Other targets included the banned leftist parties . The PR drew a lot of its members from the activist base that had been created during the agrarian reform program begun by former president Jacobo Arbenz in 1952 , and these individuals were targeted by the Mano Blanca . When it was founded , the group had the specific aim of preventing Méndez Montenegro from taking power . During the 1970s , Mano Blanca was led by Raúl Lorenzana .
Human rights activist Blase Bonpane described the activities of Mano Blanca as being an integral part of the policy of the Guatemalan government , and by extension the policy of the United States government and the Central Intelligence Agency . One of the deaths Mano Blanca was responsible for was that César Montenegro Paniagua , a communist politician who was killed in retribution for the killing of West German ambassador Karl von Spreti by FAR guerrillas . Mano Blanca also sent death threats to one of the leaders of a student organization . When he was questioned about the reason for the death threats , the leader of Mano Blanca stated that the student needed to be killed because he was a communist , and would `` give his life for the poor . '' Overall , Mano Blanca was responsible for thousands of murders and kidnappings , leading travel writer Paul Theroux to refer to them as `` Guatemala 's version of a volunteer Gestapo unit . ''
References
Bibliography
Presidents of Guatemala
People of the Guatemalan Civil War
Revolutionary Party ( Guatemala ) politicians
1915 births
1996 deaths
People from Guatemala City
20th-century Guatemalan people
A parvenu is a person who is a relative newcomer to a high-ranking socioeconomic class . The word is borrowed from the French language ; it is the past participle of the verb parvenir ( to reach , to arrive , to manage to do something ) .
Origin
The word parvenu typically describes a person who recently ascended the social ladder , especially a nouveau riche or `` new money '' individual . The famous Margaret Brown , who survived the sinking of the Titanic in 1912 , was portrayed as a `` new money '' individual , most notably in the `` climbing social classes '' musical The Unsinkable Molly Brown , because of her impoverished Irish immigrant roots and lack of social pedigree .
The Oxford English Dictionary defines a parvenu as : `` A person from a humble background who has rapidly gained wealth or an influential social position ; a nouveau riche ; an upstart , a social climber . Also in extended use . Generally used with the implication that the person concerned is unsuited to the new social position , esp . through lacking the necessary manners or accomplishments . ''
The term designates individuals not socially accepted by individuals already established in their new class . It expresses a form of classism .
Social climber
A social climber is a derogatory term that denotes someone who seeks social prominence through aggressive , fawning , or obsequious behavior . The term is sometimes used as synonymous with parvenu , and may be used as an insult , suggesting a poor work ethic or disloyalty to roots .
Examples
Several examples might include athletic and entertainment professionals born and raised in poverty and suddenly finding themselves with significantly higher income due to their new-found celebrity status .
Royalty
Established royal families of Europe regarded the Bonaparte family as parvenu royalty . Napoleon III tried to marry into Swedish and German royalty , but was unsuccessful because he was a parvenu . For instance , his plan to marry Anna Pavlovna , one of the sisters of the Emperor Alexander , did not push through because the Empress Mother objected to the union on account of Napoleon 's status as a parvenu . The reason given for the misalliance was difference of religion .
This was also said to be the case with the marriage of Egyptian Princess Fawzia to the future Shah of Iran , Mohammad Reza Pahlavi . One of the reasons speculated for their divorce is that Fawzia 's family , including King Farouk I , viewed the Pahlavis as parvenus . Though the Muhammad Ali dynasty of Egypt and Sudan , to which Fawzia belonged , had humble beginnings , it had solidified its status in Egypt and the Arab World since 1805 . In contrast , the Pahlavis were a far more recent dynasty , owing their position entirely to the coup d'état of Mohammad Reza Pahlavi 's father , Reza Khan , in 1921 .
In the United States
Many parvenus in the United States arrived there as poor immigrants , then worked their way up the social ladder . Beginning as laborers , they took advantage of better economic opportunities in the U.S. , moving on to become civil servants , `` white collar '' ( business/office ) workers and finally members of respectable society . Such an example might be John Jacob Astor , whose family once skinned rabbits for a living . With his brother , he went on to build such icons of New York City as the Waldorf-Astoria Hotel . His grandson moved to England , where he eventually became the first Viscount Astor .
In France
In the 19th century , the French aristocracy viewed Jewish women who converted to Christianity upon marriage as parvenus . Professor Catherine Nicault of the University of Reims Champagne-Ardenne has argued that this exemplified the way in which the French aristocracy was hostile toward Jews .
In Literature
Vanity Fairs Becky Sharp is considered an archetype of the social climber , having flirted her way up the British upper class . The character was not born to affluence or the aristocracy , but climbed the social ladder through opportunism and her personal ambition .
In the novel Enigma Otiliei by Romanian writer George Călinescu , Stănică Rațiu represents the newly rich . He obtains his wealth by stealing money from a rich old man and by marrying into the elite .
In the novel The Great Gatsby , Gatsby represents the newly rich . He obtains his wealth through bootlegging , spends it lavishly , and struggles to gain the acceptance of older money .
In the novel The Red and the Black , the provincial protagonist Julien Sorel thinks of himself as a parvenu after establishing himself in the service of the Marquis de la Mole .
In The Cherry Orchard , Gayev regards Lophakhin as a parvenu , as many critics interpret his remarks .
Pip , from Dickens 's Great Expectations , would be considered a parvenu by many .
Edmond Dantès as The Count of Monte Cristo in Alexandre Dumas ' work .
John and Alisoun in `` The Miller 's Tale '' by Geoffrey Chaucer .
The Franklin in `` The Franklin 's Tale '' by Geoffrey Chaucer .
Mrs. Bennet , and the Bingleys , in Jane Austen 's novel Pride and Prejudice .
Philip Elton in Jane Austen 's novel Emma .
Jane Wilson in Anne Brontë 's novel The Tenant of Wildfell Hall .
Barry Lyndon , the protagonist of the novel The Luck of Barry Lyndon by William Makepeace Thackeray .
The Necklace by Guy de Maupassant tells the story of Madame Mathilde Loisel and her husband . Mathilde always imagined herself in a high social position with wonderful jewels . However , she has nothing and marries a low-paid clerk who tries his best to make her happy .
`` William Wilson '' , a short story by Edgar Allan Poe .
Philosophy
Friedrich Nietzsche in The Gay Science section 176 on Compassion `` les souverains rangent aux parvenus '' translated `` the sovereign put themselves before the parvenu '' .
Film and television
In Miss Potter , Beatrix Potter refers to her parents as `` Parvenus ... social climbers '' after they attempt to prevent her from marrying her publisher Norman Warne since he is a tradesman , despite them coming from a trading background .
In Downfall , Adolf Hitler furiously accuses Hermann Göring of being a parvenu .
In The Crown , Queen Mary says Prince Philip `` represents a royal family of carpetbaggers and parvenus '' .
Hyacinth Bucket , the protagonist of the British sitcom Keeping Up Appearances
In Stan & Ollie , Stan Laurel calls Hal Roach a parvenu when he refuses to give them a raise .
See also
Nouveau riche
Social mobility
Snobbery
Hypergamy
Covetousness
Novus homo
Yuppie
References
External links
Class discrimination
French words and phrases
Social classes
Upper class culture
Socio-economic mobility
ja : 成金
zh : 暴发户
Belgium competed at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , from 7 to 18 September 2016 .
Medalists
The following Belgian competitors won medals at the games . In the by discipline sections below , medalists ' names are bolded .
Administration
Olek Kazimirowski served as Chef de Mission .
Disability classifications
Every participant at the Paralympics has their disability grouped into one of five disability categories ; amputation , the condition may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness ; cerebral palsy ; wheelchair athletes , there is often overlap between this and other categories ; visual impairment , including blindness ; Les autres , any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories , for example dwarfism or multiple sclerosis . Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications , dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition . Events are given a code , made of numbers and letters , describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing . Some sports , such as athletics , divide athletes by both the category and severity of their disabilities , other sports , for example swimming , group competitors from different categories together , the only separation being based on the severity of the disability .
Athletics
Men
Track & road events
Women
Track & road events
Field events
Boccia
Belgium qualified for the 2016 Summer Paralympics in this sport at the Guilford hosted 2015 Boccia European Team And Pairs Championships , London in the BC3 Pair event . They claimed gold ahead of silver medalist Greece and bronze medalists Spain . They scored 7 - 1 against Spain in the gold medal match .
Cycling
With one pathway for qualification being one highest ranked NPCs on the UCI Para-Cycling male and female Nations Ranking Lists on 31 December 2014 , Belgium qualified for the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio , assuming they continued to meet all other eligibility requirements .
Road
Men
Women
Track
Pursuit
Time trial
Equestrian
The country qualified to participate in the team event at the Rio Games .
Swimming
Men
Women
Table tennis
Men
Wheelchair tennis
Belgium qualified two competitors in the men 's single event . Joachim Gerard qualified via the standard route . Mike Denayer qualified via a Doubles World Ranking Allocation place .
Men
See also
Belgium at the 2016 Summer Olympics
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
2016 in Belgian sport
Parliamentary elections were held in Egypt in May 1936 . The result was a victory for the Wafd Party , which won 169 of the 232 seats .
Results
References
Egypt
Elections in Egypt
1936 in Egypt
May 1936 events
Election and referendum articles with incomplete results
Statistics of Bahraini Premier League in the 1967–68 season .
Overview
Bahrain Club won the championship .
References
RSSSF
Bahraini Premier League seasons
Bah
1967–68 in Bahraini football
John Crafts Wright ( August 17 , 1783 – February 13 , 1861 ) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio and a journalist . He was the brother-in-law of Benjamin Tappan , U.S . Senator from Ohio from 1839 to 1845 .
Born in Wethersfield , Connecticut , Wright completed preparatory studies and then learned the trade of printer .
He moved to Troy , New York , and edited the Troy Gazette for several years .
He studied law at Litchfield Law School .
He was admitted to the bar and commenced practice in Steubenville , Ohio , in 1809 .
United States district attorney in 1817 .
Wright was elected to the Seventeenth Congress , but resigned on March 3 , 1821 , before the beginning of the congressional term . Elected again to the Eighteenth Congress , he began his service in that body as a National Republican , and continued to serve in the Nineteenth , and Twentieth Congresses , his three terms running from March 4 , 1823 , through March 4 , 1829 . He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1828 to the Twenty-first Congress .
Wright was elected to the Ohio Supreme Court in 1831 and served until February 2 , 1835 , when he resigned .
In 1833 , Wright , along with Edward King and Timothy Walker , founded the Cincinnati Law School , the first law school in the West .
He moved to Cincinnati in 1835 and engaged in newspaper work , and for thirteen years published the Cincinnati Gazette .
He served as director of the Cincinnati , Hamilton and Dayton Railroad .
He served as delegate to and honorary president of the Peace conference of 1861 held in Washington , D.C. , in an effort to devise means to prevent the impending war , and died while serving in that capacity at Washington , D.C. , February 13 , 1861 . He was interred in Spring Grove Cemetery , Cincinnati , Ohio .
Wright married Mary Buell Collier Aug. 22 , 1805 . They raised four children .
Notes
References
John C. Wright - the Father of `` the Popular Vote '' in US Presidential Elections
1783 births
1861 deaths
American male journalists
Politicians from Cincinnati
Burials at Spring Grove Cemetery
19th-century American newspaper editors
Ohio National Republicans
Justices of the Ohio Supreme Court
University of Cincinnati College of Law faculty
Litchfield Law School alumni
United States Attorneys for the District of Ohio
Democratic-Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
National Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives
19th-century American male writers
19th-century American politicians
19th-century American judges
John Cheney Wood ( July 10 , 1922 – July 20 , 2012 ) was an American artist and educator who challenged traditional photography and often incorporated other mediums into his work . He was born in California in 1922 . In 1943 he volunteered for the Army Air Corps , where he served as a B-17 pilot until 1945 . At the time of his death he lived in Baltimore , Maryland , with artist Laurie Snyder .
Education
John Wood studied at the Institute of Design in Chicago under the direction of Harry Callahan and Art Sinsabaugh and earned a degree in 1954 . During his final year as a student , he taught a course on visual fundamentals . Immediately after graduation he was offered a teaching position at Alfred University where he taught for 35 years until he retired .
Artwork
Wood had the ability to work across a variety of artistic forms , from straight photography , collage , cliché verre , solarization , mixed media , offset lithography to drawing . Wood moved freely between conceptual and visual exploration , not adhering to a single style . Although he often raised questions about political , social and environmental issues , he avoided promoting personal solutions or adding narratives to the images . The artist instead preferred to focus on the viewer 's interpretation and the possibility for multiple meanings .
Exhibitions
Wood has been exhibited widely , including a 2009 retrospective at the International Center of Photography and two exhibitions at Bruce Silverstein Gallery in New York . Other exhibitions were held at the Corcoran Gallery of Art , Washington D.C. ; Metropolitan Museum of Art , New York ; Art Institute of Chicago ; Philadelphia Museum of Art , National Gallery of Canada , Ottawa ; Los Angeles County Museum of Art ; Museum of Fine Arts , Houston ; San Francisco Museum of Modern Art ; and the George Eastman House , Rochester among others .
Collections
His work can be found in major collections , notably the Center for Creative Photography , Tucson ; Los Angeles County Museum of Art ; Museum of Fine Arts , Houston ; Baltimore Museum of Art ; Art Institute of Chicago ; Museum of Modern Art , New York ; National Gallery of Canada , Ottawa ; San Francisco Museum of Modern Art ; Smithsonian Institution , Washington D.C. ; and at the Visual Studies Workshop , Rochester .
References
1922 births
2012 deaths
American artists
United States Army Air Forces bomber pilots of World War II
Artists from Baltimore
The Centre de recherche politiques Raymond Aron is the research center of the Ecole des Hautes Etudes en Sciences Sociales that specializes in political philosophy .
Created by François Furet in 1982 , the center 's goal was to give a new basis to the study of politics in France and moving away from the dominant marxist paradigm . Its members have been at the forefront of the rediscovery of the French liberal tradition and the reintroduction of classical philosophy in contemporary political studies .
The center 's seminars concentrate on a multidisciplinary approach ( Philosophy , History , Sociology and Law ) .
The CRPRA holds seminars solely to Master and Doctorate students .
Members
Agnès Antoine
François Azouvi
Monique Canto-Sperber , also director of the École normale supérieure
Vincent Descombes , also visiting professor at the University of Chicago
Luc Foisneau
Marcel Gauchet
Patrice Gueniffey
Ran Halévy
Claude Lefort
Catherine Maire
Pierre Manent , also visiting professor at Boston College
Mona Ozouf , Directrice de recherche , CNRS
Philippe Raynaud , also member of l'Institut Universitaire de France
Olivier Remaud
Lucien Karpik
See also
http : //crpra.ehess.fr/
Raymond Aron
Research institutes in France
French National Centre for Scientific Research
The Howard DGA-4 a.k.a . Mike , and DGA-5 a.k.a . Ike and `` Miss Chevrolet '' was the next in a series of racers from Ben Howard . He built two examples , `` Mike '' and `` Ike '' , each with a different landing gear design .
Design and development
In 1932 work started on a larger follow-on racer to Howard 's `` Pete '' racer . Both aircraft were built to ATC design requirements for ATC racing that never came about .
The DGA-4 was a low-wing , wire braced monoplane . Ventilation came from 30 holes drilled into the windscreen .
Operational history
1932 National Air Races - `` Ike '' flown by Howard finished with two firsts and one second-place finish . Pilot Bill Ong flew `` Mike '' to one second , one fourth and two fifth-place finishes .
1932 Thompson Trophy race - Bill Ong placed seventh in `` Ike '' .
1932 Women 's Free for all - Gladys O'Donnell piloted `` Ike '' .
1933 American Air Races - Pilot Harold Neumann flew `` Ike '' with the tandem wheels converted back to a single wheel configuration . Howard placed third in one event , then went on to fly the Folkerts SK-1 for the remainder of the races .
1933 National Air Races - Pilot Roy Minor won four firsts , two seconds , two thirds and one fourth place in `` Mike '' .
1933 John H. Livingston crashed his Cessna CR-3 , and flew `` Mike '' around the country as part of the Curtiss Candy Company `` Baby Ruth '' airshow team .
1933 International Air Races - Roy Minor won four firsts and one third place at 199.87 mph , racing against Gordon Israel , `` Mike 's '' own designer .
1934 National Air Races - Pilot Roy Hunt won two fifth places in `` Mike '' . Harold Neumann won two fourths in `` Ike '' .
1935 National Air Races - Nicknamed the `` Benny Howard National Air Races '' due to the number of victories . Harold Neumann finished with three firsts in `` Mike '' . `` Ike '' was sponsored by Chevrolet and was renamed `` Miss Chevrolet '' . `` Ike '' s fuel system was modified to win the World 's fastest inverted speed record . Pilot Neumann missed the race , after the gear collapsed on `` Ike '' , but won the Thompson Trophy in Howard 's DGA-6 , `` Mr. Mulligan .
1936 National Air Races - Harold Neumann flew `` Mike '' to on a speed dash . Pilot Jacobsen flew `` Mike '' in the Greve race , nosing over on landing .
1937 National Air Races - Both `` Mike '' and `` Ike '' could not fly due to engine trouble . `` Ike '' continued to fly as part of Fordon-Brown Air Shows .
1939 National Air Races - `` Mike '' and `` Ike '' were sold and repainted yellow , but not raced again .
`` Ike '' and `` Mike '' are currently undergoing restoration in Hinckley , Ohio by P & K Airmotive , INC > .
Variants
Howard DGA-4 `` Mike '' - Mike and Ike were virtually identical , except that Mike had a supercharged Menasco B-6S and a slightly different landing gear structure . Mike featured more cooling louvers and a cowling designed for a spinner . In 1933 , many of the louvers were closed in , and smaller wheels were used .
Howard DGA-5 `` Ike '' - Ike featured a unique landing gear with two small wheels spaced one behind the other , with a wheel pant covering both . This landing gear was replaced with a single wheel configuration in 1933 . Ike also used a higher octane fuel in races and had a Menasco B-6 ( S/N 6008 ) rated at 160 HP at 1975 RPM .
Aircraft on display
The Port Townsend Aero Museum in Port Townsend , Washington has a replica of `` Mike '' on display
Kermit Weeks ' Fantasy of Flight museum has a replica of `` Ike '' on display
Specifications ( Howard DGA-4 )
References
External links
The Port Townsend Aero Museum replica
Racing aircraft
Single-engined tractor aircraft
1930s United States civil aircraft
DGA-04
Low-wing aircraft
Aircraft first flown in 1932
The 2012 East Renfrewshire Council election took place on 3 May 2012 to elect members of East Renfrewshire Council . The election used the six wards created as a result of the Local Governance ( Scotland ) Act 2004 , with each ward electing three or four Councillors using the single transferable vote system a form of proportional representation , with 20 Councillors being elected .
The election saw Labour gain 1 seat while also increasing their vote share . The Scottish Conservative and Unionist Party lost 1 seat and saw their vote share fall as they now become the second largest party on the Council . The Scottish National Party gained 1 seat to increase their numbers to 4 and remained the third largest party . Independents retained their 2 seats while the Scottish Liberal Democrats were wiped out again losing their single seat on the authority .
Following the election the Labour Party formed a Coalition with SNP and the Independent Danny Devlin . This was in effect a continuation of the previous Labour - SNP - Independent - Lib Dem coalition administration which had existed before 2012 .
Election result
Note : `` Votes '' are the first preference votes . The net gain/loss and percentage changes relate to the result of the previous Scottish local elections on 3 May 2007 . This may differ from other published sources showing gain/loss relative to seats held at dissolution of Scotland 's councils .
Ward results
Neilston , Uplawmoor and Newton Mearns North
2007 : 2xCon ; 1xLab ; 1xSNP
2012 : 2xLab ; 1xCon ; 1xSNP
2007-2012 : Lab gain one seat from Con
Barrhead
2007 : 2xLab ; 1xIndependent ; 1xSNP
2012 : 2xLab ; 1xIndependent ; 1xSNP
2007-2012 : No change
Giffnock and Thornliebank
2007 : 1xLab ; 1xCon ; 1xLib Dem
2012 : 1xLab ; 1xCon ; 1xSNP
2007-2012 : SNP gain one seat from Lib Dem
Netherlee , Stamperland and Williamwood
2007 : 1xLab ; 1xIndependent ; 1xCon
2012 : 1xLab ; 1xIndependent ; 1xCon
2007-2012 : No change
Newton Mearns South
2007 : 2xCon ; 1xLab
2012 : 2xCon ; 1xLab
2007-2012 : No change
Busby , Clarkston and Eaglesham
2007 : 1xLab ; 1xCon ; 1xSNP
2012 : 1xLab ; 1xSNP ; 1xCon
2007-2012 : No change
Post-Election Changes
† Netherlee , Stamperland and Williamwood Conservative Cllr Gordon McCaskill was suspended by the party following comments he made on Twitter about Scotland 's First Minister , Nicola Sturgeon , and Islamic State . He has since been reinstated by the Conservative Group .
References
Source : http : //www.eastrenfrewshire.gov.uk/index.aspx ? articleid=3565
2012 Scottish local elections
2012
Dunston is a small village which lies approximately 3 miles south of Norwich . The population is included in the civil parish of Stoke Holy Cross . It is located in the valley of the River Tas between Stoke Holy Cross and Caistor St. Edmund . It has a common which is popular with walkers .
The villages name means 'Dun ( n ) ( i ) 's farm/settlement ' .
Parish records for Dunston exist as far back as 1557 but the village is now in the civil parish of Stoke Holy Cross .
Dunston Hall is now a hotel .
Notes
http : //kepn.nottingham.ac.uk/map/place/Norfolk/Dunston
External links
Dunston Hall
Villages in Norfolk
South Norfolk
The 1990 Bromley Council election took place on 3 May 1990 to elect members of Bromley London Borough Council in London , England . The whole council was up for election and the Conservative party stayed in overall control of the council .
Background
Election result
Ward results
References
1990
1990 London Borough council elections
Robert Beaton of Creich ( died 1567 ) was a Scottish landowner and courtier . He served as a Master of Household to Mary , Queen of Scots .
Robert Beaton was a son of John Beaton of Creich , keeper of Falkland Palace and Janet Hay . He went to France with Mary , Queen of Scots in 1548 .
His homes in Scotland included Creich Castle and the Place of Dunbog . He was extremely well-connected through his sisters and aunts .
Robert 's older sister , Janet Beaton married James Crichton of Cranston Riddel , and secondly Simon Preston of Craigmillar Castle . In 1543 she divorced him to marry Walter Scott of Buccleuch . He was killed in a feud on Edinburgh 's High Street in 1552 , and she was later associated with the Earl of Bothwell .
Another sister , Margaret Beaton , married Arthur Forbes of Reres ( d. 1586 ) , and was known as `` Lady Reres '' . She was also a companion of the queen . Rires Castle was in Kilconquhar , Fife .
Another sister , Grisel Beaton , married William Scott , younger of Buccleuch , and secondly in 1552 Andrew Murray of Blackbarony , and was the mother of Gideon Murray .
His aunt , Janet Beaton , was the second wife of James Hamilton , 1st Earl of Arran . Another aunt , Elizabeth Beaton was a mistress of James V of Scotland . They had a daughter , Jean Stewart , who married Archibald Campbell , 5th Earl of Argyll . Elizabeth later married John Stewart , Lord Innermeath , and was the mother of James Stewart , 5th Lord Innermeath and the poet John Stewart of Baldynneis .
The Laird of Creich and Alexander Forrester of Torwood were both in Paris in October 1560 and carried letters from the English ambassador Nicholas Throckmorton to William Cecil in London .
Robert Beaton of Creich died in May 1567 , after making his will with his wife Jeanne de la Rainville at Falkland Palace .
Marriage and family
In May 1539 Robert Beaton married Jeanne de la Rainville , or Delareynveil ( d. 1576 ) , a French lady-in-waiting to Mary of Guise . Her name at that time seems also to be recorded as `` Jehanne Gresmor '' or `` Gresoner '' , and perhaps adding to confusion , it seems that both mother and daughter were members of the household of Mary of Guise . `` Madame Gresinor '' made passementerie from gold thread .
James V gave Jeanne a dowry and bought her a red velvet gown and a white velvet kirtle or skirt lined with yellow taffeta . The wedding was held at St Andrews . The royal wardrobe servant George Steill bound up twelve tapestries with scenes of the History of Aeneas with cords and carried them from Edinburgh to decorate the venue .
Jeanne Delareynveil died at the Place of Dunbog in 1576 . Their children included :
David Beaton of Creich , who married Beatrix Leslie , daughter of George Leslie , 4th Earl of Rothes of Ballinbreich Castle .
James Beaton of Creich , Parson of Old Roxburghe . who married Helen Leslie of Kinnaird , Fife , widow of the Edinburgh merchant James Baron and James Kirkcaldy ( d. 1573 ) brother of William Kirkcaldy of Grange , and secondly married Margaret Wemyss daughter of David Wemyss of Wemyss Castle .
Mary Beaton , companion of Mary , Queen of Scots , who married Alexander Ogilvy of Boyne .
Lucrece Beaton , who married ( 1 ) David Beaton of Melgund , ( 2 ) Andrew Wishart of Mylneden .
Elizabeth Beaton , who married James Sandilands of St Monans .
Christian Beaton .
Anna Beaton .
References
16th-century Scottish people
1567 deaths
Masters of the Scottish royal household
Michael Rault ( born 22 January 1989 ) is a Canadian singer-songwriter and guitarist . He was born in Edmonton , Alberta .
Career
Rault released Living Daylight in 2015 . The album received a rating of 7.3 on Pitchfork . The single `` Nothing Means Nothing '' was premiered by Spin magazine . In 2018 , he released It 's A New Day Tonight on Wick Records , the indie rock subsidiary of Daptone Records . Rault has shared stages with Charles Bradley , Whitney , and Dent May .
Discography
Living Daylight ( 2015 )
It 's a New Day Tonight ( 2018 )
Michael Rault ( 2022 )
References
External links
1989 births
Living people
Canadian male singer-songwriters
Canadian singer-songwriters
Canadian male guitarists
Musicians from Edmonton
David Barron may refer to :
David Barron ( film producer ) ( born 1954 ) , British film producer
David Barron ( footballer ) ( born 1987 ) , Scottish footballer
David J. Barron ( born 1967 ) , federal judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit
David W. Barron ( 1935–2012 ) , British computer scientist
David Barron ( actor ) , American actor in the 1989 Broadway revival of Sweeney Todd
David Barron ( Highland games ) , American competitor at Highland games , including the Highlander Challenge World Championships
David Barron Corona ( 1963–1997 ) , Mexican drug trafficker
See also
David Baron ( disambiguation )
St. Casimir Parish - designated for Polish immigrants in Warren , Rhode Island , United States .
In September , 1908 , St. Casimir 's was established as a parish andBishop Harkins appointed Peter Switala its first pastor . It is one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Diocese of Providence .
Church plans were drawn by architect , Walter Fontaine and contractor , Thomas Loughran . The cornerstone was laid on July 25 , 1909 , by Bishop Matthew Harkins and the dedication ceremonies were held on December 19 , 1909 . A large bell for the Church was donated by the family of Anthony Mikulski . In the year of 1910 , the Rosary Society was organized by Father Peter Switala .
Church & rectory demolished 2017 .
http : //liturgicalcenter.org/media/parish_pdf/PRO/pro-2.2.pdf
See also
Catholic Church in the United States
Catholic parish church
Index of Catholic Church articles
Pastoral care
References
Bibliography
The Official Catholic Directory in USA
External links
Official site of the Holy See
Churches in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Providence
Polish-American culture in Rhode Island
Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England
Warren , Rhode Island
Churches in Bristol County , Rhode Island
Roman Catholic parishes and churches in Rhode Island
1905 establishments in Rhode Island
John Albert Kucab ( December 17 , 1919 – May 26 , 1977 ) was an American professional baseball pitcher who is best known for leading the Philadelphia Athletics to victory in Connie Mack 's last game as a Major League Baseball ( MLB ) manager on October 1 , 1950 .
Early years
Kucab was born in Olyphant , Pennsylvania . He threw and batted right-handed , stood tall and weighed . In 1940 , he signed with the Cincinnati Reds and began his minor-league apprenticeship . After missing most of his debut pro season with an injury , he won ten games in 1941 for the Harrisonburg Turks of the Class C Virginia League and , according to his 1977 obituary , `` seemed headed to stardom '' .
World War II intervened , however , and Kucab would spend 47 months in the United States Army , where he saw active duty in both the European and Pacific theaters . His obituary states that his four years in the military may have `` kept him from attaining a longer stay in the major leagues '' .
Major league career
The Reds released Kucab following the war , and Kucab signed with the Pittsburgh Pirates ' organization . In 1946 , his first of four consecutive seasons pitching for Youngstown of the Class C Middle Atlantic League , Kucab posted a 12–1 record . Two losing seasons followed ; however , in 1949 , the 29-year-old Kucab led the Middle Atlantic League in wins with 21 ( he lost seven ) and was named to his circuit 's All-Star team . With his major-league rights now held by the Philadelphia Athletics , Kucab moved up in the Philadelphia farm system . In 1950 , he won another 16 games for the Lincoln A 's of the Class A Western League . The stellar season earned him a September call-up to Mack 's Athletics .
Kucab made his major league debut at age 30 on September 14 , , throwing five innings of scoreless relief against the Chicago White Sox at Comiskey Park . Ten days later , he made a start against the Washington Senators and hurled a complete game , but was saddled with a 3–2 defeat . One week later , on October 1 at Shibe Park , Kucab started again in a rematch with Washington on the final day of the regular season . He tossed another complete game , but this time he came away with a 5–3 victory , allowing 12 hits but only three earned runs . It was Kucab 's first MLB victory but an `` historic achievement '' as Mack 's 3,729th and final win as a big-league manager in a 53-year career that included a half century with the Athletics . The ball used is currently housed in the Baseball Hall of Fame , at Cooperstown , New York .
Kucab was able to remain with Philadelphia for the full seasons of and , almost exclusively as a relief pitcher . In 59 career major-league games , he split ten decisions , earned five saves , and posted a 4.44 career earned run average . In 152 innings pitched , he surrendered 169 hits and 51 bases on balls , with 48 strikeouts .
Later years
He returned to the minors in 1953 and pitched through 1958 . His obituary stated : `` Among his top performances in baseball is a string of 19 straight wins while pitching for Ralph Houk at a New York Yankees farm team '' .
As his career wound down , Kucab settled in Youngstown , Ohio , where he had met his wife , Mary , in 1946 . During the last decade of his life , he was associated with Youngstown 's Hovanec Distributing Company . In 1977 , John Kucab died of a heart attack at his home in neighboring Campbell ; he was 57 .
References
External links
1919 births
1977 deaths
American people of Slovak descent
Anniston Rams players
Baseball players from Pennsylvania
Baseball players from Youngstown , Ohio
Birmingham Barons players
Columbia Reds players
Denver Bears players
Harrisonburg Turks players
Kansas City Blues ( baseball ) players
Lenoir Reds players
Lincoln A 's players
Major League Baseball pitchers
People from Campbell , Ohio
People from Olyphant , Pennsylvania
Philadelphia Athletics players
United States Army personnel of World War II
Youngstown A 's players
Youngstown Colts players
Youngstown Gremlins players
Bishofstein Castle ( or Ruine Bischofstein ) is a castle in the municipality of Sissach of the canton of Basel-Land in Switzerland . It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance .
See also
List of castles in Switzerland
References
External links
Castles in Basel-Landschaft
Cultural property of national significance in Basel-Landschaft
Ruined castles in Switzerland
Shezan International Limited ( ) is a Pakistani beverage manufacturer based in Lahore . It is one of the biggest food and beverage manufacturers in Pakistan . Two of their most famous brands are All Pure and Twist . This company is a part of Shahnawaz Group and is traded on the Pakistan Stock Exchange .
Since its inception in 1964 , Shezan has produced various products including soft drinks , juices , ketchups , and jams . The company is also the single largest grower of mangoes in Pakistan , and employs roughly 1,000 persons . The company is best known for its trademark product , 'Shezan Mango ' , a mango juice drink popular in Pakistan .
History
Shezan International was incorporated on May 13 , 1964 ; conceived as a joint venture by the Shahnawaz Group , Pakistan and Alliance Industrial Development Corporation , United States in 1964 .
Shezan remains amongst Pakistan 's largest food processing units , having developed and installed the capacity to meet the country 's domestic as well as export needs .
In 1971 , Shahnawaz Group purchased all the shares of Alliance Industrial Development Corporation with the permission of the Government of Pakistan . In 1980–81 , a separate unit was installed in Karachi , which now caters for Karachi , Sindh and also meets the export demand . A bottle filling plant was set up in 1983 in Lahore , Punjab . An independent Tetra Brik plant was commissioned in 1987 . In 1990 , it was decided to install a juice factory at Hattar , Khyber Pakhtunkhwa , Pakistan .
Shezan International 's head office is located in Lahore , Pakistan . In England , Nuovo Foods Limited is the authorized distributor for all Shezan products . They conduct all the import and distribution of juices , jams , pickles , chutneys , sauces , syrups and squashes .
In Canada , Target Foods is authorized distributor . In Bangladesh , Sajeeb foods is authorized distributor for all Shezan products .
Controversy
Shezan has been the frequent target of controversy due to the Ahmadi affiliation of its owners . Several campaigns led by religious conservatives have in the past targeted Shezan , calling for its boycott , and subsequent ban .
Shezan products ban
In 2012 , campaigns by traditionally bright Islamic groups found a more liberal voice , amongst these were lawyers from Lahore Bar Association . Soon thereafter , The Lahore Bar Association also banned Shezan products from its premises and subordinate court complexes , threatening tough actions against anyone found buying the drink . The move came as 100 lawyers unanimously voted for the ban on Shezan drinks and products .
Attacks
As a consequence of the numerous initiatives to boycott Shezan products in systematic Anti-Ahmadiyya campaigns , several attacks have been recorded against Shezan factories . In June 2010 , unidentified assailants stormed a Shezan factory after which high-explosive bombs were detonated that left four injured .
References
External links
Shezan International Limited
Pakistani drinks
Pakistani brands
Food and drink companies established in 1964
1964 establishments in Pakistan
Desi cuisine
Drink companies of Pakistan
Manufacturing companies based in Lahore
Ahmadiyya in Pakistan
Companies listed on the Pakistan Stock Exchange
A sodenbrunnen is a sod cistern used in the saltwater marshlands of Northern Germany from the early first millennium AD to the Middle Ages to collect rain water for drinking .
External links
Insel-Museum
History of water supply and sanitation
Water supply and sanitation in Germany
The Prag Cine Awards North-East 2015 ceremony , presented by the Prag Network , honored the actors , technical achievements , and films censored in 2014 from Assam and rest of Northeast India , and took place on March 21–22 , 2015 , at the Chowkidingee field in Dibrugarh , Assam . This was the first time when films produced in other Northeastern states were also honored in this ceremony . Assamese actress Nishita Goswami and television host Nabish Alam hosted the show . Film fraternities from Northeast as well as Bollywood personalities such as Neha Dhupia , Gulshan Grover , Adil Hussain were present in this event .
Actor Bishnu Kharghoria was honored with the lifetime Achievement Award for his contribution towards the Assamese film Industry . Arup Baishya received the best actor award for Othello and the best actress award has gone to Amrita Gogoi for Ahetuk . Manas Saikia directed North Bank won the best film award , while Anmol Chan , Nepali language film from Sikkim , won the best film north-east award .
Winners and nominees
In this edition of Prag Cine Awards , awards were given in 22 categories to the Assamese and non-Assamese films produced from Assam and in another 4 categories to the films produced from rest of northeast India and censored in the year of 2014 . Ahetuk topped the nomination list with fifteen nominations , followed by North Bank and Othello with twelve and eleven nominations respectively .
Awards for films from Assam
Winners are listed first and highlighted in boldface .
Awards for films from rest of northeast India
Winners are listed first and highlighted in boldface .
Lifetime achievement award
Actor Bishnu Kharghoria was honored with the lifetime Achievement Award for his contribution towards the Assamese film Industry .
Other awards
Best Writing on Cinema : Dr. Subratjyoti Neog
Jury 's Special Mention : Shabnam Borgoyari – Aarohi
See also
List of Assamese films of the 2010s
References
Cinema of Assam
2014 film awards
The South Coast Trunk Road is a former designation of a long route in southern England , sometimes called the Folkestone to Honiton trunk route . It is made up of several numbered roads ( from west to east ) :
the A35 from Honiton ( ) to Bere Regis ( )
the A31 from Bere Regis to Cadnam ( )
the M27 from Cadnam to Portsmouth ( )
the A27 from Portsmouth to Pevensey ( )
the A259 from Pevensey to Brenzett ( )
the A2070 from Brenzett to Ashford ( )
the M20 from Ashford to Folkestone ( )
Roads in England
Transport in West Sussex
Transport in East Sussex
Transport in Hampshire
Transport in Devon
Transport in Dorset
Transport in Kent
Roads in Kent
Roads in West Sussex
Roads in East Sussex
Roads in Hampshire
Roads in Devon
Roads in Dorset
Muse ( ; ) is the capital town of Mu Se Township ( also spelled as Muse Township ) in northern Shan State , Myanmar . It is situated on the Shweli River ( Nam Mao ) , and is connected by a bridge and road to Ruili ( Shweli , , in Burmese ) in Yunnan Province , China .
History
MuSe , pronounced Mu Zay , is a town situated on the bank of the ShweLi River ( Nam Mao in Shan ) bordering with China , Yunnan Province . The meaning of Muse is said to be Mu ( community ) Zay ( province ) = Community Province . It is one of the towns in ShweLi ( toung mao in Shan ) . Toung Mao ( ShweLi ) consists of MuSe , NamKham and SeLan .
It is not known exactly who the founders of Muse were , and when was it founded . ( Edited by Sai Htwe Maung from Muse )
The old bridge in Muse , dubbed the `` Gun Bridge '' by locals in reference to the frequency of illegal armaments trafficking through the bridge , was closed in 2005 , replaced by a wider bridge parallel to it .
In 2014 , the governments of Myanmar and China have been discussing a border dispute in the area of Namkham and Muse .
On May 23 , 2021 , the People 's Defense Force , the armed forces of the National Unity Government clashed with Tatmadaw forces in Muse , killing 13 security guards .
Transport
Muse is today connected to Mandalay via Lashio by the National Highway 3 450 km Asian Highway route 14 ( AH14 ) , The old Burma Road links the new road to Bhamo in Kachin State which links to the Ledo Road . Mandalay-Lashio-Muse Road included part of the Burma Road and was rebuilt and upgraded for heavy traffic in 1998 on a Build-Operate-Transfer basis ( BOT ) by the Asia World Company headed by the son of the former opium warlord Lo Hsing Han . It has cut the journey time from 2 days , even a week in the rainy season , to just 12–16 hours . Muse is also connected to central Burma via the Mandalay-Lashio Northern Shan State Railway .
Economy
Cross-border trade was banned by Ne Win after the military came to power in Burma in 1962 but the ban was lifted following negotiations in 1988 . Bilateral trade has risen steadily since , increasing by 60 % in the fiscal year ending 31 March 2008 , and constitutes 24 % of Burma 's trade ranking China as a major trading partner second only to Thailand .
Burma exports mainly raw materials such as agricultural produce , fish , timber , gems and minerals , and imports consumer goods , electronics , machinery and processed food . Muse 's '105th mile Trade Zone ' , a border zone of 150 hectares , opened in April 2006 , the first and largest border trade camp of its kind in Burma , handling as much as 70 % of cross border trade with China . A trade fair has been held annually every December since 2001 alternating between the two border towns each year with India , Bangladesh and Thailand as well as China taking part .
In 2007 the local militia , under orders of the military authorities , seized of land in the area , mainly tea and orange plantations as well as small farms , with little or no compensation , in a drive to cultivate physic nuts for biodiesel as an alternative fuel .
On 8 May 2008 , the military seized 20 truck loads of biscuits and other goods at Muse allegedly for the relief of Cyclone Nargis victims .
A joint enterprise between Burma and China to construct oil and gas pipelines from the Bay of Bengal via Mandalay through Muse to Kunming in Yunnan Province starts operations in 2009 .
Narcotics
Recently China built a 4 km long fence on the border near Ruili in order to stop drug trafficking and two more are under construction . Drug addiction is a major problem in the area . The opium poppy harvest had increased since Lo Hsing Han managed to rebuild his drug empire after becoming the intermediary for cease-fire agreements between the military intelligence chief Khin Nyunt and the Kokang and Wa insurgents who had rebelled against and toppled the Communist leadership in 1989 . The World Food Program carried out emergency food assistance to former poppy farmers in 2004-2005 as pressure mounted to stop cultivation of the poppy .
Gambling , drugs and prostitution flourished in Ruili , but Muse 's own efforts to share in the Las Vegas style business atmosphere met with much less success . The Chinese authorities cracked down on heroin entering - but not the chemical ingredients for the amphetamine-type stimulant ( ATS ) called yaba leaving - and also on Chinese men enjoying the same pleasures on the Burmese side of the border . Besides the UNODC , a number of groups and organisations such as the Asian Harm Reduction Network ( AHRN ) and Buddhist monks are also involved in the amelioration of the HIV/AIDS problem among drug users .
Notes
External links
Muse , bridge over Shweli , and Ruili WikiMapia
Kyegaung checkpoint , Myanmar-China border at Muse-Ruili Asterism
Shan State map : 1 = Muse , I = Ruili Asterism
Photo of the `` Gun Bridge '' over the Shweli Renaud Egreteau
Mandalay-Lashio-Muse Union Highway MRTV3 video
Fifth Destruction of Seized Narcotic Drugs , March 21 , 2005 Ministry of Foreign Affairs
2008 Myanmar-China border trade fair ( Muse ) Department of Border Trade
Htoo Trading ; only company with timber export license illegal-logging.info , 17 August 2006
Shan : Rare Tree Trade Aggravates Deforestation illegal-logging.info , 19 June 2007
China provides more military trucks to Burma Mizzima News , 14 January 2009
Populated places in Shan State
China–Myanmar border crossings
Township capitals of Myanmar
The women 's 150m individual medley events at the 2022 World Para Swimming Championships were held at the Penteada Olympic Swimming Complex in Madeira between 12–18 June .
Medalists
Results
SM3
Final
Six swimmers from five nations took part .
References
2022 World Para Swimming Championships
2022 in women 's swimming
The Embassy of Montenegro in Washington , D.C. is the diplomatic mission of Montenegro to the United States . The embassy is located at 1610 New Hampshire Avenue , Northwest , Washington , D.C . The embassy is also accredited on a non-resident basis to Canada and Mexico .
The current Ambassador of Montenegro to the United States is Mr. Nebojša Kaluđerović .
There is one Consulate General in New York City ( Consul General Branko Milić ) .
Montenegro 's Permanent Mission to the United Nations in New York is led by Ambassador Željko Perović .
See also
Montenegrin diplomatic missions
Montenegro – United States relations
Foreign relations of Montenegro
List of Washington , D.C. embassies
References
External links
Official website
Washington , D.C .
Montenegro
Montenegro–United States relations
Dupont Circle
Wajid Khan may refer to :
Wajid Khan , Baron Khan of Burnley ( born 1979 ) , British Labour Party politician and MEP
Wajid Khan ( Canadian politician ) ( born 1946 ) , Conservative Party politician and businessman
Wajid Khan ( composer ) ( 1977–2020 ) , part of the Sajid–Wajid musical duo
Wajid Ullah Khan , Pakistani politician
See also
Wahid Khan
Askhat Kadyrkulov ( ; born 14 November 1974 ) is a former Kazakhstani professional footballer .
Club career
He made his professional debut in the Soviet Second League B in 1990 for FC Ak-kanat Uzynagash . He played two games in the 2000–01 UEFA Cup for PFC CSKA Moscow .
Career statistics
International goals
References
External links
1974 births
People from Almaty Region
Living people
Soviet footballers
Kazakhstani footballers
Association football midfielders
Kazakhstan international footballers
FC Kairat players
PFC CSKA Moscow players
Kazakhstani expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Russia
Russian Premier League players
FC Zhenis Astana players
FC Shakhter Karagandy players
FC Zhetysu players
Kazakhstan Premier League players
Footballers at the 1998 Asian Games
Asian Games competitors for Kazakhstan
Bisi Silva ( Olabisi Obafunke Silva ) ( 29 May 1962 – 12 February 2019 ) was a Nigerian contemporary art curator based in Lagos .
Biography
Bisi Silva graduated with an MA in Visual Arts Administration : Curating and Commissioning Contemporary Art at the Royal College of Art , London , in 1996 . In the early days of her career , Silva worked as an independent curator and founded Fourth Dial Art , a non-profit project in London dedicated to promoting and cultivating cultural practice in the visual arts , and to help artists form meaningful collaborations with artistic institutions and professionals . One of the outcomes of Fourth Dial Art was a traveling exhibition , Heads of State , featuring the work of Faisal Abdu'Allah , who was then an emerging artist of the London art world .
She visited Lagos , Nigeria in 1999 with the idea of starting a project there . Silva was the founder and artistic director of the Centre for Contemporary Art , Lagos ( CCA , Lagos ) , which opened in December 2007 . CCA Lagos promotes research , documentation and exhibitions related to contemporary art in Africa and abroad . At CCA , Lagos , Silva curated numerous exhibitions , including one with the Nigerian painter Ndidi Dike . Silva was also the founder of the Asiko Art School , which describes itself as `` part art workshop , part residency , and part art academy . ''
She was co-curator of The Progress of Love , a transcontinental collaboration across three venues in the United States and Nigeria ( October 2012 – January 2013 ) . Silva was co-curator of J. D. 'Okhai Ojeikere : Moments of Beauty , Kiasma , Helsinki ( April – November 2011 ) . She was also co-curator for the second Thessaloniki Biennale of Contemporary Art , Greece , Praxis : Art in Times of Uncertainty in September 2009 . In 2006 , Silva was one of the curators for the Dakar Biennale in Senegal . In collaboration with the Portuguese art critic Isabel Carlos , she selected artists for the third Artes Mundi prize in Wales . She also curated Contact Zone : Contemporary Art from West and North Africa ( October 2007 ) and an exhibition titled Telling ... Contemporary Finnish photography , in the Seventh Biennial of African Photography in Bamako ( November 2007 ) .
Silva wrote on contemporary art for international publications , including Art Monthly , Untitled , Third Text , M Metropolis , Agufon and for Nigerian newspapers such as This Day . She was on the editorial board of n.paradoxa , an international feminist art journal , and was the guest editor for the Africa and African diaspora issue of n.paradoxa ( January 2013 ) .
Silva died in Lagos , Nigeria , at the age of 56 after a four-year battle with breast cancer .
Curators Nina Zimmer and Touria El Glaoui named Silva among the decade 's most influential curators .
Exhibitions curated or co-curated
2009
In the Light of Play , Durban Art Gallery and Johannesburg Art Fair
Chance Encounters , Seven Contemporary Artists from Africa , Sakshi Gallery , Mumbai India e Sakshi Gallery , Taipei , Taiwan
Like A Virgin ... , Lucy Azubuike ( NIG ) and Zanele Muholi ( SA ) , CCA , Lagos
Praxis : Art in Times of Uncertainty , Second Thessaloniki Biennale of Contemporary Art , Greece
Maputo : A tale of One City , Oslo , part of the Africa in Oslo season .
2008
George Osodi , Paradise Lost : Revisiting the Niger Delta , CCA , Lagos
Ndidi Dike , Waka-into-bondage : The Last ¾ Mile , CCA , Lagos
2007
Fela , Ghariokwu Lemi and The Art of the Album Cover , CCA , Lagos
Contact Zone : Contemporary Art from West and North Africa , National Museum of Mali
Telling ... Contemporary Finnish photography , Settima Biennale di Fotografia Africana , Bamako
2006
Dak'Art , Biennale di Dakar , Senegal
Bibliography
Jayne O. Ifekwunigwe : Mixed Race Studies : A Reader — Routledge , 2004 .
References
External links
Bisi Silva 's blog
Centre for Contemporary Art , Lagos
Bisi Silva on powerofculture.nl
Bisi Silva Obituary On NaijaGists.com
Bisi Silva Obituary , Artforum , 12 March 2019
Bisi Silva remembered in Aperture . 1 Feb 2019
On AICA website , UK
On Art Throb , South Africa
On Africa 's Country
Arts Council of African studies Association
Art Africa Magazine
ContemporaryAnd tribute
Nigerian Tribune
Jumoke Sanwo Bisi Silva 1962–2019 African Arts : The MIT Press Volume 52 , Number 4 , Winter 2019
In Memoriam : Okwui Enwezor and Bisi Silva
1962 births
2019 deaths
Yoruba women artists
Nigerian artists
Place of birth missing
People from Lagos
People from London
Nigerian art curators
Nigerian women curators
Alumni of the Royal College of Art
Deaths from breast cancer
Deaths from cancer in Nigeria
WKRX ( 96.7 FM ) is a radio station broadcasting a Country format . Licensed to Roxboro , North Carolina , United States . The station is currently owned by Roxboro Broadcasting Company .
Programming includes local news , Person County High School sports , Orange County Speedway races , and bluegrass and beach music . The station also airs NASCAR racing and is affiliated with MRN and PRN .
References
External links
KRX
Kampf or Kaempf may refer to :
Arthur Kampf ( 1864–1950 ) , German painter ; ( de )
David Kämpf ( born 1995 ) , Czech ice hockey player
Dietrich Kampf ( born 1953 ) , former East German ski jumper
Edward S. Kampf ( 1900–1971 ) , American federal judge
Johannes Kaempf ( 1842–1918 , Berlin ) , German politician banker ; ( de )
Lars Kampf ( born 1978 ) , German football player ; ( de )
Laura Kampf ( born 1983 ) , German YouTuber , designer , and craftswoman
Max Kämpf ( 1912–1982 ) , Swiss painter
Paul Kämpf ( 1885–1953 ) , German publicist ; ( de )
Paul Müller-Kaempff ( 1861–1941 ) , German painter and lithographer
Saul Isaac Kaempf ( 1818–1892 ) , Austrian rabbi and Orientalist
Serge Kampf ( born 1934 ) , French businessman
Sieghard-Carsten Kampf ( born 1942 ) , German politician ; ( de )
Warren Kampf , American politician and attorney
See also
Kampf ( disambiguation )
Kempf ( surname )
Kempf ( disambiguation )
German-language surnames
de : Kämpf
Hornaday Rock ( ) is a rock lying in Bird Sound , west-southwest of Cape Alexandra at the west end of South Georgia . The feature appears on charts dating back to the 1930s . It was recharted by the South Georgia Survey in the period 1951–57 , and named by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee for William T. Hornaday , an American zoologist who was Director of the New York Zoological Park , 1896–1926 . From 1907 he was a leader in the fight to introduce protective legislation for fur seals ; fur seals breed on nearby Bird Island .
References
Rock formations of Antarctica
Upper Weald , Middle Weald and Lower Weald are three hamlets in the parish of Calverton ( where the 2011 Census populations were added ) in the City of Milton Keynes , England . They are located to the south east of the village centre , all three on the road to Whaddon .
References
Hamlets in Buckinghamshire
Areas of Milton Keynes
Museo Casa Enzo Ferrari ( also known as Museo Enzo Ferrari ) is a museum in Modena focused on the life and work of Enzo Ferrari , the founder of the Ferrari sports car marque . The museum complex includes two separate buildings , a former house and workshop that belonged to Enzo Ferrari 's father , and a new building designed by the architectural practice Future Systems . The new building houses , in a large gallery , a permanent exhibition displaying some of the most noteworthy Ferrari 's automobiles , including rare cars of the 1950s , Formula One race cars and more recent sports cars .
The museum exhibition gallery was substantially renewed and updated in February 2014 .
The exhibits feature Ferrari , Alfa Romeo and Maserati cars and also a large video-projection depicting the life of Enzo Ferrari .
See also
Museo Ferrari
References
External links
Museo Casa Enzo Ferrari official website
Automobile museums in Italy
Ferrari
Museums in Modena
Enzo Ferrari
Archaeosyodon is an extinct genus of dinocephalian therapsids . It was medium-sized , reaching about 1.5–2 m ( 4–5 ft ) in length .
See also
List of therapsids
References
Anteosaurs
Prehistoric therapsid genera
Permian synapsids of Asia
Prehistoric synapsids of Europe
Guadalupian synapsids
Fossil taxa described in 1960
Guadalupian genus first appearances
Guadalupian genus extinctions
Florida Tropics SC is a professional soccer club based in Lakeland , Florida . They are owned by Central Florida Sports Ventures , LLC , led by Dr. Panos Iakovidis , and former USL commissioner and Rochester Rhinos owner Chris Economides . The organization was originally founded in 2015 as a team in the Major Arena Soccer League before expanding into other leagues .
The Tropics organization operates three senior teams across two different leagues . The first team is Florida Tropics SC , which plays in the professional Major Arena Soccer League . The club also fields two men 's outdoor teams . The top outdoor is Tropics SC , which plays in the United Premier Soccer League First Division . There is also a Tropics Reserves team playing the UPSL 's Second Division .
The club previously fielded a USL League Two team known as the Lakeland Tropics , and a Women 's Premier Soccer League team .
In addition to the senior squads , the Tropics organization also oversees two youth clubs in Central Florida . Lakeland Tropics FC in Lakeland , and Celebration FC Tropics in Celebration .
History
On May 3 , 2016 , the Tropics , in conjunction with the newly formed IPL , held a press conference at the RP Funding Center and stated they would be joining the IPL alongside the Baltimore Blast , Harrisburg Heat , and St. Louis Ambush . However , on August 29 , 2016 , it was announced that all IPL teams including Florida would be joining the MASL . The team finished 3rd in their division in their inaugural season , and averaged over 2,500 fans a game including one sell out . In their second season in the MASL , the Tropics again fell just short of the playoffs , finishing 3rd in the Eastern Division . It was in 2017 that the club fielded their first USL League Two franchise , and in 2019 a new squad was created to play in the UPSL Pro Premier Florida Division , who went on to win the leagues national championship . The official supporter group of the Tropics organization is the Swan City Syndicate .
The Tropics succeed the Tampa Bay area as the local indoor soccer club . The team is unrelated to the original Tampa Bay Rowdies , who were notorious for their indoor soccer success , as well as their outdoor . A current Rowdies team began to play in 2010 and is also unrelated to that club ; the team exclusively plays outdoor soccer . Indoor soccer by the original Rowdies had officially ended when the team played in the American Indoor Soccer Association for one season ( 1986–87 ) . For two seasons , another Tampa Bay area team played in the same league , from 1995 to 1997 , called the Tampa Bay Terror ; however , the team did not last more than two seasons , despite having some members of the Rowdies on the roster . It would not be until the Tropics first season that indoor soccer would return to the area .
Personnel
2022–23 roster
Active players
As of June 17 , 2022
Inactive players
Staff
Clay Roberts – Head coach , ( 2016–present )
Kevin Curtin – Assistant coach , ( 2022–present )
Chris Frederick – Assistant coach , ( 2022–present )
Nick Olgee - Trainer , ( 2021–present )
Dr. Panos Iakovidis - Team owner , ( 2017–present )
Notable players
Rodrigo Fernandes Alflen – MASL
Robbie Aristodemo - MASL
Marko Bedenikovic – MASL
Christian Blandon – MASL
Lucas Coutinho – MASL & PDL
Gordy Gurson – MASL
Daniel Mendes – MASL
Pascal Millien – UPSL
David Paul – MASL
Tosan Popo – MASL
Victor Rojas - MASL & PDL
Raheem Taylor-Parkes – PDL/League Two
Juan Tejada – PDL
Venues
RP Funding Center , Lakeland ( MASL ; 2016–present )
Bryant Stadium , Lakeland ( USL2 & WPSL ; 2017–2019 )
St. Petersburg High School Stadium , St. Petersburg ( WPSL ; 2018 )
Lake Myrtle Sports Complex , Auburndale ( UPSL & USOC ; 2019–present )
Tournament Sportsplex of Tampa Bay , Tampa ( WPSL ; 2019 )
Premier Sports Complex , Lakewood Ranch ( WPSL ; 2019 )
References
External links
Official website - MASL team
Official website - PDL team
Major Arena Soccer League teams
Sports in Lakeland , Florida
Indoor soccer clubs in the United States
Soccer clubs in Florida
2016 establishments in Florida
Association football clubs established in 2016
Sports in Polk County , Florida
Tropics SC
Women 's Premier Soccer League teams
Sports in St. Petersburg , Florida
Sports in Manatee County , Florida
Veere Di Wedding ( ) is a 2018 Indian Hindi-language female buddy comedy film directed by Shashanka Ghosh and produced by Rhea Kapoor , Ekta Kapoor and Nikhil Dwivedi . Loosely based on the 2015 film The Wedding Ringer , the film stars Kareena Kapoor Khan , Sonam K Ahuja , Swara Bhaskar and Shikha Talsania in lead roles as four friends attending a wedding , with Sumeet Vyas , Vishwas Kini , Neena Gupta and others in supporting roles .
Veere Di Wedding released theatrically on 1 June 2018 and received negative reviews . Made on a budget of , the film earned over worldwide to emerge as the fifth highest grossing Hindi film of the year , and the highest for a film featuring female leads . It received three Nominations at the 64th Filmfare Awards including Best Supporting Actress for Talsania and Bhaskar .
Plot
The story is about four friends , all young women , who are facing issues with relationships , both familial and sexual .
Kalindi has been living in with her boyfriend , Rishabh , for two years in Australia , but she has a phobia about marriage and professes theoretical opposition to the idea of marriage . Her parents used to fight a lot , and her father , Kishan , remarried soon after her mother 's death . When Rishabh proposes to her , Kalindi is taken aback , but then agrees to marriage for Rishabh 's happiness . Avni is a practising lawyer in Delhi whose specialization is divorce cases . Her mother is looking for a suitable groom for her , but Avni 's daily professional experience makes her very nervous about marriage . Sakshi is already married but is living with her parents after moving out of her husband 's home . The reasons for her break up with her husband are not known at this point . Meera has married an American , John , with whom she has a son named Kabir . Her father , also named Kabir , was intensely opposed to the marriage for cultural reasons . Meera is still estranged from her father , and though she misses him , she refuses to meet him until he accepts John and her son .
Kalindi travels to Delhi to get married , and stays with her uncle Kuki and his partner for these few weeks . Kishan and his current wife , Paromita , offer to help Kalindi in her wedding , though she remains disinterested . Kalindi is overwhelmed by Rishabh 's affectionate , wholesome family and their deep , supportive involvement with each other . She is disturbed by the fact that they place way too much importance on the religious ceremonies connected to a Hindu wedding and on the significance of each ritual . She finds this cloying and thinks they will expect a lot from her after marriage , as she has always cherished her independence and individualism . Rishabh 's family are surprised at the fact that Kalindi hardly seems to have any family , that she is even estranged from Kishan , and that the rather weird Kuki is unmarried and has a live-in partner .
All three of Kalindi 's friends attend the engagement ceremony , which turns into a fiasco . Avni gets drunk and ends up sleeping with Rishabh 's cousin Bhandari , who is a perfect stranger to her ; they are caught . Sakshi , distraught at the gossipy women 's jibes , leaves the party midway , Meera is questioned about her family 's religious inclinations . Rishabh , too , ends up commenting on Kalindi not having `` proper '' family and friends . This infuriates her , and she leaves her own engagement party .
The next morning , Avni , Sakshi , and Meera find Kalindi in her old home , where she grew up . Rishabh apologizes to Kalindi , and they patch up . Kalindi tells him that she would be unable to live up to his family 's expectations , and they amicably break off the engagement . Unhappy about it , Avni , Sakshi and Meera try to reason with her . Kalindi points out each of her friend 's flaws instead , resulting in an argument .
Sakshi , believing they have become too overwhelmed with troubles , buys her friends a vacation to Thailand . They reconnect and come clean about their respective issues : Kalindi about her commitment issues , Avni about wanting to marry the right guy , and Sakshi about why her husband wants to divorce her . One day , he walked into their bedroom and found her masturbating with a vibrator ; appalled , he decided to divorce her . Sakshi is embarrassed to tell her parents the truth . Meera explains that she and John have n't had sex in a year after her son 's birth . Everyone decides to go back and face their problems .
The friends are recharged this way and resolve to get their families and boyfriends to either go their way or just go away . Sakshi tells her parents about the vibrator and her husband not understanding her need for it . They decide to support her in securing a divorce , of course with large alimony . Meera phones John and they make up . John calls Kabir Sr. and tells him about Kabir Jr. ; he then flies down to India to meet everyone and take his wife and child back with him . Avni tells her mother about her reluctance to settle for an arranged marriage . She cheekily promises to keep her mother informed about her adventures as she tries out various hookups before making her decision . Kalindi 's friends pressurize Kuki to resolve his feud with Kishan , which is both about property and lifestyle . Eventually , the brothers talk and resolve their issues , and as neither of them has other heirs , they accept the suggestion of transferring the family house to Kalindi as their wedding gift . She then proposes to Rishabh , and they decide to marry . The wedding is held in her home ( as is traditional in India ) , and the ceremony is a smaller affair with fewer guests . Sakshi breaks the news of her generous divorce settlement to the gossipy women . Avni finds that Bhandari is interested in her , and decides to give him a chance .
Cast
Kareena Kapoor Khan as Kalindi Puri Malhotra
Smriti Setya as Little Kalindi
Sonam K Ahuja as Avni Sharma , a lawyer
Muskaan Khubchandani as Little Avni
Swara Bhaskar as Sakshi Soni
Muskaan Malhotra as Little Sakshi
Shikha Talsania as Meera Kaur Sood Stinson ,
Kashish Kanwar as Little Meera
Sumeet Vyas as Rishabh Malhotra , Kalindi 's friend-turned-Husband
Vishwas Kini as Bhandari , Rishabh 's cousin , Avni 's admirer turned lover
Neena Gupta as Kavita Sharma , Avni 's mother
Kavita Ghai as Ritu Puri , Kalindi 's mother
Vivek Mushran as Kuki Puri , Kalindi 's Uncle
Ayesha Raza Mishra as Mrs. Malhotra , Rishabh 's mother
Manoj Pahwa as Mr. Malhotra , Rishabh 's father
Alka Kaushal as Santosh , Rishabh 's aunt , Bhandari 's mother
Ekavali Khanna as Paromita Puri , Kalindi 's stepmother
Sukesh Arora as Kuki 's boyfriend
Anjum Rajabali as Kishan Puri , Kalindi 's Father
Ishwak Singh as Nirmal , Avni 's former suitor
Suraj Singh as Vineet , Sakshi 's ex-husband
Edward Sonnenblick as John Stinson , Meera 's husband
Kamlesh Gill as Jhaaiji
Bubbles Sabharwal as Sakshi 's mother
Babla Kochar as Sakshi 's father
Kalpana Jha as Shanti
Jitpreet Singh Gill as Kabir Singh Sood , Meera 's father
Production
Development
In December 2015 , Sonam Kapoor Ahuja indicated that she would be working on a project with her sister Rhea Kapoor . The project was officially announced in June 2016 .
The project was delayed due to Kareena Kapoor Khan 's pregnancy . Principal photography began in September 2017 . The film was shot in Delhi , Mumbai and Bangkok .
Swara Bhaskar , Kareena Kapoor Khan and Shikha Talsania agreed to act in the film . Pakistani actor Danish Taimoor was initially cast as Rishabh opposite Kareena Kapoor Khan with dates finalised for filming ; however delays due to Kapoor Khan 's pregnancy and rising tensions between India and Pakistan caused him to pull out of the film . Sumeet Vyas replaced him .
The project underwent three major schedules in Delhi , Mumbai and Phuket .
The trailer was released on 25 April . The first song from the film , Tareefan , was released on 2 May .
Legal issues
Another Hindi film with a similar title Veerey Ki Wedding , starring Pulkit Samrat , Kriti Kharbanda and Jimmy Shergill appeared while the movie was in production . Legal action brought by father-daughter duo Anil Kapoor and Rhea Kapoor to challenge the use of such a similar name was unsuccessful .
The film was banned in Pakistan and not screened Kuwait for its explicit language and sexuality . When asked about the ban in Pakistan , Swara Bhaskar responded that it 's evident that it would be banned in a non-secular nation states run by Sharia Law , like Pakistan and further elaborated that the people of Pakistan would in fact watch the movie citing tweets from them .
Swara Bhaskar lashed out at trolls who brought up her masturbation scene from Veere Di Wedding , when they put up election placards during the fourth phase of 2019 Indian general election , attempting to shame her .
Soundtrack
The music of the film is composed by Shashwat Sachdev , Vishal Mishra and White Noise while the lyrics are penned by Anvita Dutt Guptan , Raj Shekhar , Qaran , Rupin Pahwa , White Noise , Shashwat Sachdev , Badshah , Shellee and Gaurav Solanki . The first song of the film , Tareefan which is sung by Badshah was released on 2 May 2018 . The soundtrack was released by Zee Music Company on 8 May 2018 .
Reception
Box office
Veere Di Wedding had net earnings of on its first day in India , setting the record for the highest opening day collection for a Hindi film with female protagonist ( s ) .
Critical response
Several critics noted the film 's similarities to the television series Sex and the City .
Comparisons were also drawn with the comedy Bridesmaids ( 2011 ) , Bachelorette ( 2012 ) and the Indian television miniseries The Trip ( 2016 ) . On the review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes , Veere Di Wedding has an approval score of on the basis of reviews .
India
Rachit Gupta of The Times of India gave the film a 1.5 ( out of 5 ) rating , calling it a `` weak effort . '' He criticized the concept of the film , the performances and the chemistry between the leads , and the pace and felt that the story lacked depth . A reviewer for Bollywood Hungama giving a similar rating and review to the film commented that `` Veere Di Wedding rests on a great idea but weak characters . It does n't translate into a fully entertaining fare . It 's the acting that plays spoilsport . '' Sweta Kaushal of Hindustan Times gave the film 2/5 stars and said it `` tries to subvert the male dominant stereotype but these moments are so few and far between that you almost miss the point . ''
Devesh Sharma of Filmfare rated it 1.5 ( out of 5 stars ) and opined that the film 's greatest drawback was the weak chemistry between the leads and the poor acting : `` that beneath all the cuss words and the sex jokes you get a whiff of laziness . '' Alludingly , Chaya Unnakrishnan ( writing for Daily News and Analysis ) felt that the chemistry between the leads seemed forced at times . She rated the film 1 ( out of 5 ) stars and insisted that it should not be watched as one that dealt with women empowerment . Raja Sen , writing for NDTV , in a 1.5/5 rating , noted that the film `` lands no blows to the patriarchy while giving up its masala entertainer roots . ''
Saibal Chatterjee , also from NDTV , however , was critical of the screenplay and the predictability of the plot , and wrote that it was watchable `` because of the lively performances from the four actresses . '' He gave the film 1/5 stars . Rajeev Masand , writing for News18 , criticized the film along the same lines , and added that it was `` largely contrived and forgettable . '' On the other hand , Shubhra Gupta of The Indian Express rated the film 1/5 stars , but in a positive note , remarked that it `` squeezes into its creaky tropes and partial squelchiness by some weak casting choices , and poor performances . ''
Rohit Bhatnagar of Deccan Chronicle rated the film 1.5 ( out of 5 ) stars and thought that it was `` an boring , annoying , can be skipped watch . '' Meanwhile , Kunal Guha of Mumbai Mirror concluded that `` while this one works as a breezy film on girl bonding , it gets a bit tedious while taking a stab at patriarchy '' and stated `` it almost seems like old wine in a new bottle . '' He gave the film 3 stars ( out of 5 ) . Writing for Firstpost , Anna M.M . Vetticad described Veere Di Wedding as `` an unapologetic commentary on the lives of women '' ; Pradeep Menon ( also of Firstpost ) in a less favorable review largely credited Kapoor Khan for `` effortlessly anchor [ ing ] this flawed but fun film . '' Baradwaj Rangan , in a mixed review , called Veere Di Wedding `` a plasticky but passable entertainer whose existence may not be the worst thing in the world . ''
Overseas
Saeed Saeed of The National awarded the film 1 stars out of 5 and described it as “ a boring , feisty and slightly ribald comedy but with a weak heart lurking not far beneath. ” Manjusha Radhakrishnan of Gulf News rated the film 1 ( out of 5 ) stars . She was appreciative of Swara Bhaskar 's performance and remarked that “ Veere Di Wedding will go down as a toxic film that hurts the eye. ” Shilpa Jamkhandikar of Reuters negatively stated “ In terms of humor , “ Veere Di Wedding ” works well , but it stutters when it comes to the emotional conflicts , which feel unreal , boring and contrived . ”
A particular scene in which Bhasker 's character masturbates using a sex toy received a polarized response on social media . However , it was critically praised for its realistic portrayal of female sexuality .
As of 23 December 2020 , the FILM has a rating of 3.2 on a scale of 10 on the movie review aggregator site , IMDb .
Awards and nominations
Sequel
Veere Di Wedding 2 , is currently on hold due to the COVID-19 pandemic .
References
External links
2010s Hindi-language films
2010s buddy comedy films
Indian female buddy films
Films about Indian weddings
Indian buddy comedy films
Films scored by Shashwat Sachdev
Films shot in Mumbai
Films shot in Thailand
Balaji Motion Pictures films
Films directed by Shashanka Ghosh
2018 comedy films
Robert F. Kennedy 's speech at Ball State University was given on April 4 , 1968 , in Muncie , Indiana .
Background
On March 16 , 1968 , Robert F. Kennedy declared his candidacy for president of the United States . On March 28 , he flew into Weir Cook Airport in Indianapolis to file as a presidential candidate in the Indiana primary .
On April 4 , Kennedy made his first campaign speech in Indiana at University of Notre Dame , entitled `` Feeding America 's Hungry . '' Kennedy then went on to Muncie , Indiana . The landing strip at Delaware County Regional Airport was too small for his campaign 's plane , so he had to take a smaller aircraft to Muncie while most of his staff and the accompanying press continued to Indianapolis .
Kennedy stepped off of his chartered Convair at 5:40 PM on April 4 , about a half an hour behind schedule . He quickly embarked on a red convertible with his wife , Ethel , driving two miles to Ball State University .
The Ball State appearance had been arranged by Earl Conn , an assistant professor at the university 's journalism department . He was aided by campaign staffer Bill Foley and a local attorney and former 10th District coordinator for John F. Kennedy 's presidential campaign , Marshall Hanley . In preparation for the speech Foley had considered using both Emens Auditorium and the men 's gym as a venue . Foley was reluctant to use the gym because he was worried it could n't be adequately filled . Only when he was assured that the second level could be curtained off , did he agree to make use of it .
The speech
The men 's gym was completely filled with 10,000-12,000 students , contrary to Foley 's initial concerns about a small audience .
On stage Kennedy was accompanied by his wife , Delaware County Democratic county chairman Robert Stewart , former vice county chairman Armena Rahe , Mayor Paul Cooley , and Marshall Hanley . After an introduction by Hanley , Kennedy spoke for 34 minutes .
Summary
Kennedy opened with a joke about his brother , Senator Ted Kennedy , supposedly trying to enter the campaign after President Johnson 's withdrawal . He proceeded to talk about more serious issues . Kennedy told the audience that with the Vietnam War `` on the way to being settled , '' they needed to ask themselves `` What kind of help and how much should we give to the underdeveloped nations of the world ? ''
Concerning domestic poverty , he said `` What kind of programs can we develop to build a better America here at home for people who live lives of desperation ? '' Kennedy suggested that if America could invest millions in developing a supersonic jet , then it `` can afford to feed the hungry children of the state of Mississippi . '' He mentioned how seven out of ten children in Latin America die before their tenth birthday and in Africa many suffered from disease . Kennedy said of them , `` These men and women and children we hear about and that I 'm talking about here , they 're not statistics , they are human beings whom I have seen ... each with a right to live a life of dignity and purpose just as much as you and I have . '' Kennedy highlighted the responsibility of the American people for this poverty and for the Vietnam War .
Kennedy utilized many fillers and paused frequently during his speech .
Student questions
The senator subsequently spent 21 minutes answering questions presented by the audience . The first of which came from a skeptical student who accused him of `` telling jokes '' and `` double talking '' without promising any specific solutions . The crowd erupted in boos . Kennedy noted , `` He 's perfectly entitled to disagree with me and that 's the only way were going to make progress in this country-if people stand up and speak their minds . ''
Kennedy discussed a potential tax credit program that would encourage businesses to invest in areas suffering from high unemployment . He called the draft `` inequitable and unfair '' and opposed student deferrals , instead supporting an impartial lottery system .
One of the twenty black students in the auditorium asked , “ Your speech implies that you are placing a great deal of faith in white America . Is that faith justified ? ” Kennedy answered , “ Yes ” and added that “ faith in Black America is justified , too ” although he said there “ are extremists on both sides . ”
Aftermath
It has been argued that although the speech has been largely overlooked and ignored , due to the assassination of Martin Luther King Jr. , it was one of the most powerful and heartfelt ones Kennedy delivered .
From Muncie , the Kennedy entourage flew back to Indianapolis that night where Robert F. Kennedy delivered what many call his greatest speech , announcing the Martin Luther King , Jr. assassination to a predominantly African-American audience . Discarding the themes of his earlier speeches , Kennedy addressed the crowd for six minutes , speaking entirely about King 's death and its meaning for the nation and the world , ending by asking for prayers for King , his family , and “ for our country . ”
On May 7 , 1968 , Kennedy won Indiana 's Democratic primary with 42 % of the vote compared to 31 % for Indiana Governor Roger D. Branigin and 27 % for Eugene McCarthy . Kennedy 's trip to Muncie had a positive impact on Delaware County voters , as he received 40 % of the votes cast in the county .
Notes
References
External links
Robert F. Kennedy Speech Collection
Speeches by Robert F. Kennedy
1968 in American politics
Ball State University
1968 speeches
Godstone railway station is on the Redhill to Tonbridge Line and serves Godstone in Surrey , England . It is measured from via . It is approximately two miles south of the centre of the large semi-rural village , at South Godstone , an even more rural settlement overall in the civil parish which was entirely farmland until the coming of the railway , with a few scattered woodlands . The Bletchingley Tunnel ( ) , less than one mile due west of the station is about ½ mile long .
Tonbridge is not the natural terminus of the line , which continues straight to Ashford , Kent which has international links with France and Belgium .
History
The station was opened in 1842 by the South Eastern Railway .
The station became unstaffed in 1967 following which the original station buildings were demolished and replaced with small shelters .
In 1993 the line was electrified and services started to run through to London rather than being an extension of the Reading to Tonbridge North Downs Line service .
In 2007 , a PERTIS machine was installed at the street entrance to the Tonbridge-bound platform . The station was until December 2008 operated by Southeastern before the Department for Transport approved the transfer suggested by Southern to its operations , whose green signage was installed before October 2008 .
Facilities
The station is unstaffed and there is a self-service ticket machine available as well as information screens and help points for train information . Step-free access is available to the Tonbridge bound platform only at the station .
There is a small free car park and bicycle storage is available at the station .
Services
All services at Godstone are operated by Southern using Class 377 EMUs .
The typical off-peak service in trains per hour is :
1 tph to
1 tph to
Services increase to 2 tph in each direction during the peak hours .
Bus Connections
The station is served by the Southdown PSV route 409 which provides connections to Selsdon , Caterham and East Grinstead .
References
External links
Railway stations in Surrey
Former South Eastern Railway ( UK ) stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1842
Railway stations in Great Britain served by Govia Thameslink Railway
1842 establishments in England
René Bol ( born 5 July 1956 ) is a Canadian water polo player . He competed in the men 's tournament at the 1984 Summer Olympics .
References
External links
1956 births
Living people
Canadian male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of Canada
Water polo players at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Wellington City
The 1998 NBA draft took place on June 24 , 1998 , at General Motors Place in Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada . This draft helped turn around four struggling franchises : the Dallas Mavericks , the Sacramento Kings , the Boston Celtics , and the Toronto Raptors .
The Vancouver Grizzlies and the Toronto Raptors were not able to win the NBA draft lottery ; as they were expansion teams , they were not allowed to select first in this draft .
The Mavericks , despite having a talented nucleus of Jason Kidd , Jamal Mashburn and Jimmy Jackson in the mid-1990s , had not had a winning season since 1989-90 , which was also the last time they made the playoffs . By the end of the 1997 season , all three players were traded and it was time to rebuild . With the sixth selection in 1998 , they drafted Robert Traylor and quickly traded him to the Milwaukee Bucks for Dirk Nowitzki and Pat Garrity . They then traded Garrity in a package to the Phoenix Suns for Steve Nash . With Nash and Nowitzki , the Mavericks quickly went from a lottery team in the late 1990s to a perennial playoff contender throughout the 2000s . Nowitzki went on to win the 2011 NBA Finals with Dallas without Nash , but with Kidd .
Meanwhile , the Raptors were a recent expansion team that had failed to win more than 30 games in its first three seasons . With the fourth pick they selected Antawn Jamison , whom they quickly dealt to the Golden State Warriors for Vince Carter . Carter went on to win Rookie of the Year .
First overall pick Michael Olowokandi from mid-major University of the Pacific is regarded by Sports Illustrated as one of the biggest draft busts in NBA history . As of February 2019 , he is the last top selection to come out of a university that is considered mid-major .
Five players from the 1998 draft class have played in the NBA All-Star Game at least once in their careers : Nowitzki , Carter , Jamison , Paul Pierce and Rashard Lewis . All of them have reached the 20,000 points plateau during their careers except for Lewis .
Carter retired in 2020 , making him the last active player drafted in the 1990s to retire . He set the record for most seasons played in the NBA with 22 and is the only player to play in 4 decades . Nowitzki retired in April 2019 and remained with the Mavericks for his entire career , making him the only person to ever play 21 seasons with one team .
Draft selections
Notable undrafted players
These players were not selected in the 1998 NBA Draft but have played at least one game in the NBA .
See also
List of first overall NBA draft picks
References
External links
1998 NBA Draft at Basketball-Reference.com
Draft
National Basketball Association draft
National Basketball Association lists
Gilbert Community School District is a rural public school district headquartered in Gilbert , Iowa .
The district is mostly in Story County but has a portion in Boone County . The district serves Gilbert and sections of northern Ames .
The district covers 48 square miles .
List of Schools
The Gilbert Community Schools consists of Gilbert Elementary , Gilbert Intermediate School , the Gilbert Middle School , and Gilbert High School . The grade structure is a K–2 , 3–5 , 6–8 , and 9–12 system .
Enrollment
As of 2006 , the enrollment had increased by more than 55 % since 1990 , with the number of students climbing to over 1,061 as of July 2006 . Many students live in the northern part of Ames . Enrollment in the district increased by eight percent during the 2005–2006 school year . The school board , anticipating that it will build another elementary school within a few years if the district continues to grow at its current pace , has obtained an option to buy just west of Gilbert 's residential area and on the north side of the main highway through town .
From 2006 to 2020 , the enrollment grew an additional 41 % .
See also
List of school districts in Iowa
List of high schools in Iowa
References
Further reading
External links
Gilbert Community School District
School districts in Iowa
Education in Boone County , Iowa
Education in Story County , Iowa
Ames , Iowa
Kandalakbashevo ( ) is a rural locality ( a village ) in Taktagulovsky Selsoviet , Bakalinsky District , Bashkortostan , Russia . The population was 67 as of 2010 . There are 2 streets .
Geography
Kandalakbashevo is located 35 km east of Bakaly ( the district 's administrative centre ) by road . Kamayevo is the nearest rural locality .
References
Rural localities in Bakalinsky District
Rajko Aleksić ( ; born 19 February 1947 ) is a former Yugoslav and Serbian footballer who played as a defender .
Career
During his active years , Aleksić played for Vojvodina in Yugoslavia ( 1965–1977 ) and Lyon in France ( 1977–1979 ) , winning the Yugoslav First League in his debut season .
At international level , Aleksić was capped two times for Yugoslavia . He was also a member of the team at UEFA Euro 1968 , as Yugoslavia lost in the final to Italy .
Honours
Club
Vojvodina
Yugoslav First League : 1965–66
International
Yugoslavia
UEFA European Championship : Runner-up 1968
References
External links
Association football defenders
Expatriate footballers in France
FK Vojvodina players
Ligue 1 players
Olympique Lyonnais players
Serbian footballers
UEFA Euro 1968 players
Yugoslav expatriate footballers
Yugoslav expatriates in France
Yugoslav First League players
Yugoslav footballers
Yugoslavia international footballers
1947 births
Living people
Kristen Lynne Soltis Anderson is a Republican pollster , television personality , and writer whose work has appeared in The Daily Beast , Politico , and HuffPost .
In 2013 Time named Anderson one of the 30 People Under 30 who are changing the world . Marie Claire declared Anderson one of the `` New Guard '' of fifty rising female leaders .
Early life and education
Kristen Lynne Soltis grew up in Orlando , Florida . She graduated from the University of Florida with a B.A . in political science in 2005 ; she obtained her M.A . in government from Johns Hopkins University in 2009 . As a junior in college , she interned with the finance department of the National Republican Congressional Committee and was appointed by Florida Governor Jeb Bush to the Florida Commemorative Quarter Committee . As a senior , she interned at The Winston Group , an opinion research and political communications firm based in Washington , D.C .
Career
After graduation in 2005 , she accepted a full-time position with The Winston Group , where she focused on the youth vote and education reform . After earning her graduate degree in 2009 , she published excerpts from her thesis as articles on Pollster.com and conservative blog The Next Right . In 2010 , her findings were mentioned by Democratic political strategist and commentator James Carville , leading to appearances on television news shows as a guest commentator and political pundit . She received one million dollars from a Republican super PAC to research the youth vote and served as its communications director .
During the 2012 elections , she was a communications adviser to Crossroads Generation , a Republican organization focused on the youth vote . After Mitt Romney lost the 2012 youth vote , she co-developed a guidebook outlining strategies for the Republican Party to garner more votes from young people . In 2014 , she made the National Journals annual Women of Washington list of the 25 most influential Washington women under 35 .
In 2014 , she left The Winston Group and founded research organization Echelon Insights with Patrick Ruffini . In 2015 , she published The Selfie Vote : Where Millennials are Leading America ( and How Republicans Can Keep Up ) .
Anderson has cohosted two live media blogs : The Week In Blog for Bloggingheads.tv and Wilshire and Washington for Variety . She served as an issue-advocacy adviser to the YG Network in support of its efforts to develop conservative women activists . She co-hosts a podcast called The Pollsters .
Works
Personal life
Kristen and Chris Anderson were married on April 28 , 2012 .
Soltis Anderson has a golden retriever named Wallace ( `` Wally '' ) .
References
External links
Jonathan Miller ( Kentucky politician ) , Kristen Soltis ' Bio The Recovering Politician
Living people
American political writers
American women television personalities
Pollsters
American political commentators
1984 births
Writers from Orlando , Florida
University of Florida alumni
Johns Hopkins University alumni
Washington , D.C. , Republicans
Television personalities from Florida
The Euskirchen court shooting was an act of mass murder that occurred at the district court in Euskirchen , Germany on March 9 , 1994 . Just after his appeal against a sentence for assaulting his former girlfriend , Vera Lamesic , had ended with an upholding of his conviction , 39-year-old Erwin Mikolajczyk re-entered the court building armed with .45-caliber Colt pistol and a homemade bomb in a backpack . In the hallway he approached Lamesic , hugged her , then fatally shot her , two women who had accompanied her , as well as two other people , and then entered the courtroom where he killed 33-year-old Alexander Schäfer , the judge who had convicted him . When he ran out of ammunition , Mikolajczyk killed himself by detonating the bomb . A total of eight people were also wounded in the attack .
Victims
Peter Kurth
Vera Lamesic , 56
Agnes Müller
Peter Preuß
Marianne Rübsam
Alexander Schäfer , 33
In popular culture
The film , released the same year and starring Christoph Waltz as Erwin Mikolajczyk , is based on the incident .
References
External links
Tödlicher Aufschub , Focus ( 11/1994 )
Schlimmes passiert , Der Spiegel ( 11/1994 )
Bei dem Anschlag sterben sieben Menschen , General-Anzeiger ( March 8 , 2004 )
Amoklauf im Amtsgericht , Kölner Stadt-Anzeiger ( March 8 , 2009 )
Germany - Courtroom shootout , Associated Press ( March 10 , 1994 ) ( Video )
Euskirchen
Explosions in 1994
Mass murder in 1994
1994 murders in Germany
Suicide bombings in Germany
Deaths by firearm in Germany
Mass shootings in Germany
Murder–suicides in Germany
Spree shootings in Germany
1990s in North Rhine-Westphalia
Crime in North Rhine-Westphalia
March 1994 events in Europe
Attacks on buildings and structures in Germany
1994 mass shootings in Europe
Building bombings in Germany
Interaksyon ( stylized in all lowercase ) is a Philippine digital news website owned by Philstar Global Corporation , a subsidiary of MediaQuest Holdings 's Philstar Media Group ( Hastings Holdings ) . The website contains news aggregation from Philstar Media Group 's properties such as The Philippine Star and BusinessWorld , as well as human-interest stories .
Interaksyon is headed by Philstar Global president and chief executive officer Kevin Belmonte .
History
It was launched in 2011 as a news portal of TV5 Network 's news division despite the latter 's having launched its own news portal website News5 Everywhere .
Following the suffrage in the media company 's loss of revenues , TV5 decided to shut down the InterAksyon website by March 2018 . However , TV5 transferred ownership of InterAksyon to sister company Philstar Media Group , which currently runs the site under Philstar Global since March 2018 .
See also
The Philippine Star
BusinessWorld
References
External links
Official Website
Renowned Companies
Decentralized Finance News
Internet properties established in 2011
Philippine news websites
The Philippine Star
Philippine companies established in 2011
The Samsung Digimax A6 was a digital camera produced by Samsung Techwin . It featured a 6-megapixel CCD , 12x zoom ( 3x optical and 4x digital ) , 4 cm macro , voice recording and 30 frame/s MJPEG video recording . It was succeeded by the Samsung Digimax A7 .
External links
Digimax A6 details
Digimax A6
Kenneth James `` Kenny '' Hope ( 6 July 1941 – 14 December 2021 ) was a football referee from Scotland . He officiated the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul . He is referenced in Willie Miller 's autobiography , The Don , as being the best referee who ever lived . Hope died in December 2021 .
References
FIFA Profile
1941 births
2021 deaths
Scottish football referees
Scottish Football League referees
Flight Lieutenant Stanley Harry Wallage ( 24 July 1895 – 17 April 1926 ) was a British flying ace credited with ten aerial victories in World War I . He would continue to serve in the RAF post-war until his death in a flying accident .
Early life
Wallage was born in Ipswich , Suffolk , the son of Christopher and Mary Wallage .
World War I
Wallage first served with the Suffolk Regiment , but on 3 May 1917 he was commissioned from cadet to temporary second lieutenant on the General List to serve in the Royal Flying Corps . On 26 July 1917 he was appointed a flying officer and confirmed in his rank .
After his training as a pilot , he was posted to No . 22 Squadron RFC to fly a Bristol F.2 Fighter . His first aerial victory came on 18 February 1918 . His second and third came on 11 March , and he gained six more in May , bringing his total to nine . His exploits earned him the Military Cross , which was gazetted on 16 September 1918 . His citation read :
Temporary Second Lieutenant Stanley Harry Wallage , General List and RAF .
`` For conspicuous gallantry and devotion to duty during recent operations . He personally destroyed seven enemy machines . He showed a fine spirit of dash and tenacity , and his skill and success as a fighting pilot was a fine example to others in his squadron . ''
On 26 September 1918 , he was promoted to temporary captain while so employed and gained his tenth and final victory on 4 November , just a week before the Armistice brought an end to the fighting .
He was again graded for purposes of pay and allowances as a captain on 1 May 1919 , but he was then transferred to the unemployed list on 18 May .
List of aerial victories
Post-war career
Wallage returned to the RAF on 21 January 1921 when granted a Short Service Commission with the rank of flying officer , and he was promoted to flight lieutenant on 1 January 1924 . On 4 February 1925 he was granted a permanent commission .
On 17 April 1926 Wallage was serving in No . 14 Squadron when he and Squadron Leader Harley Alec Tweedie were killed when their Airco DH.9A crashed at Amman , Transjordan .
References
Notes
Bibliography
1895 births
1926 deaths
Military personnel from Ipswich
Suffolk Regiment soldiers
Royal Flying Corps officers
Royal Air Force officers
British World War I flying aces
Recipients of the Military Cross
Aviators killed in aviation accidents or incidents
Victims of aviation accidents or incidents in 1926
British Army personnel of World War I
Cinédis was a French film distribution company active from the 1930s to the 1960s , releasing a mixture of French films and dubbed imports from aboard . The company enjoyed its strongest years during the 1950s , when French audience numbers reached their peak . It handled a number of co-productions between France and Italy . The artist René Ferracci designed many of the company 's posters .
Selected filmography
A Man of Gold ( 1934 )
Holiday for Henrietta ( 1952 )
The Wages of Fear ( 1953 )
Ali Baba and the Forty Thieves ( 1954 )
House of Ricordi ( 1954 )
Wild Fruit ( 1954 )
Knave of Hearts ( 1954 )
Flesh and the Woman ( 1954 )
Madame du Barry ( 1954 )
Marianne of My Youth ( 1955 )
Spring , Autumn and Love ( 1955 )
Les Diaboliques ( 1955 )
Don Camillo 's Last Round ( 1955 )
The Grand Maneuver ( 1955 )
Madelon ( 1955 )
Race for Life ( 1955 )
Elena and Her Men ( 1956 )
L'homme aux clefs d'or ( 1956 )
Paris , Palace Hotel ( 1956 )
Fernandel the Dressmaker ( 1956 )
Le secret de soeur Angèle ( 1956 )
Le couturier de ces dames ( 1956 )
Death in the Garden ( 1956 )
Women 's Club ( 1956 )
A Kiss for a Killer ( 1957 )
Les Espions ( 1957 )
On Foot , on Horse , and on Wheels ( 1957 )
Gates of Paris ( 1957 )
Mademoiselle and Her Gang ( 1957 )
La Parisienne ( 1957 )
Vacanze a Ischia ( 1957 )
Send a Woman When the Devil Fails ( 1957 )
No Sun in Venice ( 1957 )
He Who Must Die ( 1957 )
Anna of Brooklyn ( 1958 )
The Law Is the Law ( 1958 )
That Night ( 1958 )
Resurrection ( 1958 )
Too Late to Love ( 1959 )
Du rififi chez les femmes ( 1959 )
Fortunat ( 1960 )
Classe Tous Risques ( 1960 )
Wasteland ( 1960 )
The Nina B . Affair ( 1961 )
All the Gold in the World ( 1961 )
The Devil and the Ten Commandments ( 1962 )
Emile 's Boat ( 1962 )
Jules and Jim ( 1962 )
How to Succeed in Love ( 1962 )
The Trip to Biarritz ( 1963 )
Mare matto ( 1963 )
Shéhérazade ( 1963 )
References
Bibliography
Smith , Ian Hayden . Selling the Movie : The Art of the Film Poster . Quarto Publishing Group , 2018 .
French film studios
Film distributors of France
The foreign relations of Venezuela had since the early twentieth century been particularly strong with the United States . However , with the election of Hugo Chávez as President of Venezuela in 1998 , Venezuela 's foreign policy differed substantially from that of previous Venezuelan governments . This change in foreign policy direction continues under the current ( disputed ) president Nicolás Maduro
After a disputed election in 2019 , there is a dispute between whether Maduro or Juan Guaidó is the head of state of Venezuela . Different nations are split between which leader to recognize , although Maduro does retain de facto power over Venezuela . In general , western-allied nations such as the United States recognize Guaidó while non-western allied nations recognize the Maduro government ,
Bilateral relations
Africa
Americas
Asia
Europe
Oceania
Multilateral organizations
Organisation of American States
By virtue of its geographical location , Venezuela became one of the members of the Organisation of American States ( OAS ) on `` April 30 , 1948 '' when they signed the `` CHARTER OF THE ORGANIZATION OF AMERICAN STATES ( A-41 ) '' . On 21 December 1951 , the treaty was ratified by Venezuela `` IN ACCORDANCE WITH ARTICLE 145 OF THE CHARTER '' .
In looking at the treaty , one would note that there are three parts with twenty-two chapters in total to the Treaty of the OAS . According to the OAS website . `` Chapter XXI RATIFICATION AND ENTRY INTO FORCE , Article 141 '' the OAS Treaty or Charter `` shall be registered with the Secretariat of the United Nations through the General Secretariat ''
In accordance with `` Chapter XIII THE INTER-AMERICAN COUNCIL FOR INTEGRAL DEVELOPMENT- Article 94 – The purpose of the Inter-American Council for Integral Development is to promote cooperation among the American States for the purpose of achieving integral development and , in particular , helping to eliminate extreme poverty , in accordance with the standards of the Charter , especially those set forth in Chapter VII with respect to the economic , social , educational , cultural , scientific , and technological fields . '' To a large extent over the years , the people of Trinidad and Tobago have benefited from the generosity of the Venezuelans , whether it was due to their innate ability to give and share or whether it was provided by the articles of the Treaty as a means to share and for that they are grateful .
On 26 April 2017 , Venezuela announced its intention to withdraw from the OAS . Venezuelan Foreign Minister Delcy Rodríguez said that President Nicolás Maduro plans to publicly renounce Venezuela 's membership on 27 April 2017 . It will take two years for the country to formally leave . During this period , the country does not plan on participating in the OAS .
Summits of the Americas
`` The Summits of the Americas are institutionalized gatherings of the heads of state and government of the Western Hemisphere where leaders discuss common policy issues , affirm shared values and commit to concerted actions at the national and regional level to address continuing and new challenges faced in the Americas . To date there have been seven Summits of the Americas . There have also been at least two Special Meetings which were held between 1996 and 2004 .
`` At the Third Summit , '' which was held in Quebec , Canada in 2001 `` leaders instructed their foreign ministers to prepare an Inter-American Democratic Charter which was adopted on September 11 , 2001 in Lima '' .
The Fifth Summit of the Americas was held in Port of Spain , Trinidad and Tobago in 2009 was attended by Hugo Chávez on behalf of Venezuela . Also in attendance were Prime Minister Patrick Manning of Trinidad and Tobago and President Barack Obama of the United States of America .
The Seventh Summit of the Americas was held in Panama City , Panama on 10–11 April 2015 .
Peru will host the Eighth Summit of the Americas in 2018 .
Indigenous Leaders Summits of Americas ( ILSA )
With Venezuela having tribes of indigenous persons , given the geographical location of the country , recent developments in the oil and gas sector internationally and offshore , ( such as Eliza I and II , the developments offshore of Suriname ) the contributions of the Venezuelans to the OAS with respect to this area , that is , indigenous people may be significant going forward .
The position of the OAS with respect to indigenous persons appears to be developing over the years . The following statements appear to capture the position of the OAS with respect to the ILSA : '' The `` OAS has supported and participated in the organisation of Indigenous Leaders Summits of Americas ( ILSA ) '' according to the OAS 's website . The most recent `` statement made by the Heads of State of the hemisphere was in the Declaration of Commitments of Port of Spain in 2009 – Paragraph 86 '' according to the OAS 's website . ''
The Draft American Declaration of the Rights of the Indigenous Persons appears to be a working document . The last `` Meeting for Negotiations in the Quest for Consensus on this area appeared to be Meeting Number ( 18 ) eighteen and is listed as being held in May 2015 according to the website .
Betancourt Doctrine
The Betancourt Doctrine , named after one of the first presidents of Venezuela 's democratic era , Rómulo Betancourt `` whereby Venezuela refused to maintain diplomatic relations with governments formed as a result of military coups , was adhered to by both administrations ( first two presidents of Venezuela 's democratic era ) . Although the doctrine was much praised , it gradually isolated Venezuela as most other Latin American nations became dominated by nonelected regimes . ''
Other international organisations to which Venezuela belongs
`` In the democratic era , Venezuela has attempted to fulfill the principles of Simon Bolivar 's ideals through a variety of means . It maintained active membership in the United Nations ( UN ) and its related agencies , other than this ; the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries ( OPEC ) , the Organization of American States ( OAS ) and its related entities , and a host of other world and hemispheric organizations . In all these forums , Venezuela consistently aligned itself with other democracies ''
Venezuela and the United States belong to a number of the same international organizations , including the related agencies of the UN such as the International Monetary Fund , World Bank , and World Trade Organization .
In October 2019 , Venezuela competed for one of the two seats to the United Nations Human Rights Council , along with Brazil and Costa Rica , and was elected with 105 votes in a secret ballot by the 193-member United Nations General Assembly . Brazil was re-elected with 153 votes , while Costa Rica was not having garnered 96 votes and entering the month of the election as competition to Venezuela . The United States , Lima Group and human rights groups lobbied against Venezuela 's election .
When the UN General Assembly voted to add Venezuela to the UN Human Rights Council in October 2019 , US Ambassador to the UN Kelly Craft wrote : `` I am personally aggrieved that 105 countries voted in favor of this affront to human life and dignity . It provides ironclad proof that the Human Rights Council is broken , and reinforces why the United States withdrew . '' Venezuela had been accused of withholding from the Venezuelan people humanitarian aid delivered from other nations , and of manipulating its voters in exchange for food and medical care . The council had been criticized regularly for admitting members who were themselves suspected of human rights violations .
International disputes
Border dispute
Venezuela claims most of Guyana west of the Essequibo River , in a dispute which dates back to the early nineteenth century and which saw the Venezuela Crisis of 1895 . It also has a maritime boundary dispute with Colombia in the Gulf of Venezuela . The country also has an active maritime boundary dispute with Dominica over the Isla Aves archipelago located in the Caribbean .
See also
Foreign policy of the Hugo Chávez government
List of diplomatic missions in Venezuela
List of diplomatic missions of Venezuela
Maletinazo
Notes
Michael Daniel Harter ( April 6 , 1846 – February 22 , 1896 ) was a two-term U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1891 to 1895 . He was the grandson of Robert Moore .
Biography
Born in Canton , Ohio , Harter attended the public schools .
He engaged in mercantile pursuits and banking .
He moved to Mansfield , Ohio , in 1869 .
At the age of twenty-three became treasurer and manager of the Aultman &
Taylor Co. upon its organization .
He established the Harter Bank in 1866 . He established the Isaac Harter Milling Company in Fostoria , the largest producer of flour in the state .
Harter was elected as a Democrat to the Fifty-second and Fifty-third Congresses ( March 4 , 1891 – March 3 , 1895 ) .
He declined to be a candidate for renomination in 1894 .
In congress , he was strongly in favor of the Gold Standard , and against free silver , views in opposition to his own party . His views won out during the Panic of 1893 , when congress , in special session , repealed the Sherman Silver Purchase Act .
He moved to Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , but spent his summers in Mansfield .
Death
He committed suicide in Fostoria , Ohio , February 22 , 1896 .
He was interred in Mansfield Cemetery , Mansfield , Ohio .
Family life
Harter was married to Mary L. Brown in 1869 , and they had three sons and two daughters . His wife and children , except one daughter survived him .
References
Sources
1846 births
1896 deaths
American Lutherans
Politicians from Canton , Ohio
Politicians from Mansfield , Ohio
Suicides by firearm in Ohio
American politicians who committed suicide
19th-century American politicians
19th-century Lutherans
1890s suicides
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Oberto Cantone ( Genova , 16th century ) was an Italian mathematician .
Life
He was a professor in Naples . He is well-known for his works about the use of maths in the business field , in particular `` L'uso pratico dell'artimetica '' , printed in Naples in 1599 , which is inspired by the work of Pietro Borghi .
Works
References
Scientists from Genoa
16th-century Italian mathematicians
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
University of Naples Federico II faculty
Jorge Luis Visintini ( born 8 September 1988 ) is an Argentine professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Vélez de San Ramón .
Career
Visintini , after a spell with Tucumán Central , went to Torneo Argentino B with Atlético Concepción . He made sixty-nine appearances and netted six goals in four years , either side of a stint with Mitre in 2013 . In 2014 , Visintini joined Deportivo Lastenia . Two goals in fourteen games followed , prior to the midfielder agreeing a move to Torneo Federal A with Concepción of Tucumán in 2015 . He made his bow in April versus Unión Aconquija , with his first goal coming in a loss to Américo Tesorieri . He featured in fourteen fixtures as they suffered relegation . Visintini split time in 2016 with Unión Santiago and Central Norte .
On 27 January 2017 , Visintini agreed to join Deportivo Riestra of Primera B Metropolitana . Eleven appearances occurred as the club won promotion to Primera B Nacional , a competition he subsequently appeared four times in ; as they were relegated back down . It was announced that the club would not renew his contract at the conclusion of 2018–19 . In 2020 , Visintini headed to Vélez de San Ramón .
Career statistics
.
References
External links
1988 births
Living people
Sportspeople from San Miguel de Tucumán
Argentine footballers
Association football midfielders
Torneo Argentino B players
Torneo Federal A player
Primera B Metropolitana players
Primera Nacional players
Club Atlético Mitre footballers
Concepción Fútbol Club players
Central Norte players
Deportivo Riestra players
State Route 107 ( SR 107 ) is a state highway in the U.S. state of California that forms part of Hawthorne Boulevard in the Los Angeles Area from State Route 1 ( Pacific Coast Highway ) in Torrance north to Redondo Beach Boulevard at the Redondo Beach–Lawndale border .
Route description
Route 107 begins at State Route 1 in south Torrance and runs north along Hawthorne Boulevard in its entirety . ( Hawthorne Boulevard continues south of Route 1 as Los Angeles County Route N-7 . ) The route is a principal arterial surface road in its entirety with grade crossings and maintains a wide right-of-way , often having as many as eight lanes and maintaining a 40 mph ( 60 km/h ) speed limit . Route 107 goes through light and medium industrial areas and office towers . It also comes in contact with two malls : The South Bay Galleria and the Del Amo Fashion Center . It only met one other route along the way : State Route 91 at Artesia Boulevard , which has since been deleted .
SR 107 is part of the California Freeway and Expressway System , and is part of the National Highway System , a network of highways that are considered essential to the country 's economy , defense , and mobility by the Federal Highway Administration .
History
In 1964 , Route 107 was defined to run past Interstate 405 along Hawthorne Boulevard , which renamed itself La Brea Avenue upon entering Inglewood at Century Boulevard , then turned west on Centinela Avenue to meet Interstate 405 again in Culver City . In 1965 , the portion from Route 405 in Lawndale to Route 405 in Culver City was deleted . It was to have been upgraded to a freeway and was tentatively named the `` Torrance Freeway . ''
Until 1998 , Route 107 continued further north to Interstate 405 . In 1998 , state law was changed to allow the relinquishment of Route 107 to the City of Lawndale . In 2003 , the legislative definition was updated to eliminate the portion in Lawndale . The route currently ends at Redondo Beach Boulevard at the city limits of Lawndale .
Major intersections
See also
References
External links
California @ AARoads.com - State Route 107 and Los Angeles County N7
Caltrans : Route 107 highway conditions
California Highways : SR 107
107
State Route 107
Lawndale , California
Redondo Beach , California
Torrance , California
Alana Dalzell ( born 26 March 2001 ) is a Northern Irish cricketer who plays as a right-handed batter and right-arm medium bowler . She was named in Ireland 's squad for their series against South Africa in June 2022 , and made her Women 's One Day International ( WODI ) debut , against South Africa , on 14 June . She became the first player from the North West of Ireland to play a WODI since Julie Logue in 1996 .
Dalzell has played in the Women 's Super Series since 2020 , playing for Scorchers in 2020 and 2021 before joining Dragons in 2022 . She plays club cricket for Bready Cricket Club .
References
External links
2001 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Derry ( city )
Irish women cricketers
Ireland women One Day International cricketers
Scorchers ( women 's cricket ) cricketers
Dragons ( women 's cricket ) cricketers
Shaun Rankin ( born 1972 ) is an English-born British chef , restaurateur , and television personality . He has been awarded one Michelin star for Bohemia restaurant in 2005 . Rankin ran Ormer Mayfair in London until 2021 .
Early life and education
Shaun Rankin was born in 1972 , in [ Ferryhill ] County Durham , North East England . Rankin grew up in North Yorkshire , leaving secondary school at 16 to begin a three-year apprenticeship at the Mayfair Hotel in London . He then attended a cooking course at the Thames Valley University , Slough . He returned to Yorkshire in 1992 to take on position as chef de partie at the Black Bull Inn in Moulton , soon beginning to gain experience all over the world including Charlie Trotter 's in Chicago and Fraser 's in Western Australia .
Career
Rankin moved in 1994 to work at Longueville Manor in Jersey . After eight years at Longueville – and the hotel 's sister restaurant , Sumas – he was asked to head up the opening of Bohemia in St Helier , the capital of Jersey . The restaurant was awarded a Michelin star in 2005 .
In 2009 Rankin represented the southwest in the fourth series of BBC Two 's Great British Menu , winning the show with a dish of `` Treacle Tart with Jersey clotted cream and raspberry ripple coulis '' . Since appearing on national TV he made numerous further appearances on popular cookery show Saturday Kitchen . In 2010 Rankin launched his own food range in partnership with Cimandis in the Channel Islands . He also embarked on more TV work and filmed his first series 'Shaun Rankin 's Island Feast ' with Channel Television ITV travelling across Jersey , Guernsey , Alderney , Sark and Herm .
Rankin launched his debut recipe book 'Shaun Rankin 's Seasoned Islands ' in 2010 . It included over 75 recipes and imagery of the Channel Islands where he is based . The book ( published by The Refinery ) sold over 5000 copies in its first six months . His recipes also feature in 'Yes Chef ! ' , 'Nigel Haworth 's Obsession ' and alongside the Michel Roux Jr and Raymond Blanc in 'The Good Food Guide Recipes ' .
In June 2011 , Rankin represented Britain in Tasmania at the major food festival Savour Tasmania . He has also appeared at UK food events such as Taste London , Southampton Boat Show and Dorset Seafood Festival , also presenting a pop-up restaurant at The Dorchester , London .
In January 2013 , Rankin left Bohemia after nine years as head chef to focus on opening his own venture . In May 2013 he opened the highly anticipated restaurant 'Ormer ' in the centre of St Helier , Jersey . Named after a seafood delicacy native to the Channel Islands 'Ormer ' was awarded a Michelin star within four months of opening . In January 2014 , Ormer was accredited with 3 AA rosettes , later on in the year the business was named 'Best Newcomer ' at the coveted Food and Travel Magazine Awards 2014 . The restaurant was also shortlisted for Food and Travel Magazine 'Restaurant of the Year – Outside London ' 2016 .
In December 2013 Shaun opened his own delicatessen 'Don Street Deli ' adjacent to Ormer restaurant in Jersey . The Deli offers luxury retail products and artisan food offerings . In December 2014 Shaun was selected to set up the food and beverage offering of elite members club 12 Hay Hill in London Mayfair .
In March 2016 Shaun began his partnership with the Flemings Mayfair hotel as part of a £15million refurbishment programme . The boutique hotel 's 85-cover restaurant , Ormer Mayfair , opened on 20 September 2016 .
Shaun and Ormer Mayfair featured in the 2017 Masterchef UK when the restaurant became a location for the programme . The contestants were put to the test in the professional kitchen under the guidance of Shaun Rankin .
In November 2017 Shaun was removed from Ormer Jersey by its owners and announced that he would be leaving Jersey to concentrate on Ormer Mayfair .
Personal life
Rankin was married to Cheryl and he has two sons .
Rankin is a British Celebrity Ambassador for Teenage Cancer Trust , helping to raise funds for the charity and consulting on food related issues for young cancer sufferers and their families . In 2011 he was appointed as an ambassador for The Jersey Royal Company .
Television appearances
The Great British Menu ( BBC Two , 2009 )
Saturday Kitchen ( BBC one )
Shaun Rankin 's Island Feast ( ITV , November 2010 )
Meet What You Eat ( Channel 4 , June 2016 )
MasterChef UK ( BBC One , April 2017 )
Bibliography
Shaun Rankin 's Seasoned Islands ' ( 2010 ) ,
References
English chefs
Living people
1972 births
Head chefs of Michelin starred restaurants
People from Ferryhill
The Norwegian Forest and Landscape Institute ( ) was a research institute based in Norway .
Organizationally subordinate to the Norwegian Ministry of Agriculture and Food , it is autonomous in its research . It was established on 1 July 2006 through a merger of the Norwegian Forest Research Institute ( ) and the Norwegian Institute of Land Inventory ( ) . Headquarters are in Ås , and regional offices are in Bergen , Steinkjer and Tromsø .
The director is Arne Bardalen .
On June 30 , 2015 the Institute was merged into the Norwegian Institute of Bioeconomy Research .
References
Research institutes in Norway
Multidisciplinary research institutes
Earth sciences organizations
Forest research institutes
Government agencies of Norway
Education in Viken ( county )
Forestry in Norway
Scientific organizations established in 2006
2006 establishments in Norway
Stolonica socialis is a species of tunicate or sea squirt in the family Styelidae , commonly known as orange sea grapes . It is native to the northeastern Atlantic Ocean , where it lives on the rocky seabed in shallow water .
Description
Stolonica socialis is a colonial tunicate forming small clusters of zooids , joined at the base by a mat of stolons . Each zooid is up to high , rectangular or ovoid . Both of the small siphons on each zooid are situated near the apex . The outer surface of all zooids is smooth and sand does not adhere to it , although sand does adhere to the mat of stolons . Although most colonies are orange , some are yellow and others pale brown . The colonies spread across the rocks and can form large sheets . In winter , orange-red buds develop on the stolons . Similar species with which it could be confused include Dendrodoa grossularia and Distomus variolosus , but both of these are red .
Distribution
Stolonica socialis is found in the northeastern Atlantic Ocean , the Irish Sea and the English Channel . Its range includes the coasts of northwestern Ireland and southeastern Ireland , Wales , southwestern England and northwestern France . It grows on rocks , including those swept by strong currents , at depths from or more . It favours shaded rocks , boulders and overhangs , and can form large populations . At exceptionally low tides , it may be found under overhanging rocks on the foreshore .
Biology
Like other tunicates , Stolonica socialis is a filter feeder , water being sucked into the hollow body of each zooid via an inhalent siphon , large particles being rejected by tentacles at the siphon entrance . Edible particles are sieved out of the water stream , and the water is then pumped out through the exhalent siphon . The colony grows by the stolons extending across the rock surface and budding new zooids at intervals , with large patches of zooids often being formed . In winter these buds may remain dormant as small spherical outgrowths , and with the arrival of warmer weather in the spring , growth can restart and the spherules can develop into zooids . In adverse conditions , sexual reproduction takes place , with eggs and sperm being liberated into the water column .
The tissues of this tunicate contain stolonoxides , secondary metabolites that have been found to have cytotoxic effects ; this may be the reason that the tunics remain largely clear of epibionts whereas many other tunicates are heavily colonised by other organisms .
References
Stolidobranchia
Fauna of the Atlantic Ocean
Animals described in 1903
Bernhard Robert Tessmann ( August 15 , 1912 in Zingst – December 19 , 1998 ) was a German expert in guided missiles during World War II , and later worked for the United States Army and NASA .
Life
Tessmann first met rocket expert Wernher von Braun in 1935 . He had little interest in spaceflight , even though he had seen the sets of the film Frau im Mond since his father worked at Universum Film AG studios . Tessmann was involved in the basic planning for Army Research Center Peenemünde , moving there in late 1936 to supervise construction and conduct first engine testing there at Test Stand I. Tessmann worked on wind tunnels , then on thrust measuring systems for V-2 engines .
He was evacuated after the bombing in August 1943 to Koelpinsee where he designed ground equipment for V-2 mobile units and was involved in the planning for the `` Projekt Zement '' underground V-2 facilities at Ebensee , Austria , and test facilities near Lehesten .
Tessmann was a key man in securing the V-2 legacy at the end of the war . Once von Braun became afraid the SS would follow the Führer 's `` scorched earth '' policy and destroy the tons of precious V-2 documents and blueprints , he instructed his personal aide , Dieter Huzel , and Bernhard Tessmann , chief designer of the Peenemünde test facilities , to hide the documents in a safe place .
It took three Opel trucks to carry the 14 tons of papers . The little convoy headed north on April 3 , 1945 toward the nearby Harz Mountains . By the end of the day Tessmann and Huzel found an abandoned iron mine in the isolated village of Dornten . Thirty-six hours later , all of the documents had been hauled by a small locomotive into the heart of the mine and hand-carried into the powder magazine .
Eventually , von Braun and his leading V-2 engineers and scientists voluntarily surrendered to the U.S. 44th Division . Almost as important was the recovery of the 14 tons of V-2 documents hidden by Tessman and Huzel in the Dornten iron mine .
Tessmann was transferred to the United States at the end of the war ( see Operation Paperclip and German rocket scientists in the US ) , and as of January 1947 , was working at Fort Bliss , Texas . Thereafter he worked his entire life with the rocket team , at Fort Bliss , White Sands Missile Range , and then at Huntsville . As of 1960 , he was a Deputy Director of Test Division at NASA Marshall Space Flight Center .
He died in Huntsville , Alabama .
The Ilse and Bernhard Tessmann Music , and Foreign Language Scholarship , are awarded at the University of Alabama , Huntsville .
References
External links
Bernhard Tessmann Collection , The University of Alabama in Huntsville Archives and Special Collections
German aerospace engineers
1912 births
1998 deaths
German emigrants to the United States
German people of World War II
Operation Paperclip
Engineers from Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania
People from Zingst
Derek Wiggan ( born July 27 , 1992 ) is a professional Canadian football defensive lineman for the Calgary Stampeders of the Canadian Football League ( CFL ) .
Early career
From 2006 to 2009 , Wiggan played high school football for St. Michael 's College School . In 2008 , he was a part of the championship team that won the Metro Bowl . He also participated in shot put events with the track and field team from 2008 to 2010 .
Wiggan played college football for the Queen 's Golden Gaels from 2010 to 2014 as a defensive end . In 2013 , he made 28 tackles , 5.5 sacks , and forced two fumbles to become a first-team OUA all-star . He recorded 36 tackles , 5.5 sacks , and recovered four fumbles the next year . Wiggan was named a second-team OUA all-star in 2014 .
Professional career
Wiggan was selected by the Calgary Stampeders in the fourth round of the 2014 CFL Draft with the 34th overall pick after being ranked as high as 14th by the CFL Scouting Bureau in January of that year . He was signed on May 27 , 2014 . After attending training camp with the Stampeders , Wiggan returned to Queen 's University for his final year before re-signing with the team on February 18 . 2015 . He transitioned from a defensive end into the role of defensive tackle for his first season . He made his CFL debut in the first week game against the Hamilton Tiger-Cats . In his first three seasons in Calgary , Wiggan played in 46 games accumulating 44 defensive tackles , seven sacks , four special teams tackles and one forced fumble . Following the 2017 season Wiggan and the Stamps agreed to a two-year contract extension .
References
External links
Calgary Stampeders bio
1992 births
Living people
Canadian football defensive linemen
Calgary Stampeders players
Queen 's Golden Gaels football players
University of St. Michael 's College alumni
Players of Canadian football from Ontario
Sportspeople from Toronto
`` Tempted '' is a song by Canadian rapper Jazz Cartier . It was released on January 6 , 2017 , as the lead single from his debut studio album , Fleurever . The song was produced by T-Minus and Lantz , with additional production by Sean Fischer .
Background and release
The song premiered on Zane Lowe 's Beats 1 Radio on January 3 , 2017 on Apple Music , but was released for digital download as a single on iTunes on January 6 , 2017 . `` Tempted '' is the lead single from his debut album , Fleurever .
Music video
The music video was released on May 5 , 2017 on Jazz Cartier 's Vevo account on YouTube .
Commercial performance
`` Tempted '' debuted at number 91 on Canadian Hot 100 for the chart dated February 4 , 2017 . The song became his first chart entry on the chart and his most successful one to date .
Cultural crossover
A brief clip from the `` Tempted '' video was used in the TV version of The Cuckoo 's Calling to represent the work of character Deeby Macc , who otherwise does n't appear on screen .
Charts
Release history
References
External links
2017 singles
2017 songs
American hip hop songs
Songs written by T-Minus ( record producer )
Song recordings produced by T-Minus ( record producer )
Gerrit Albertus Beneker ( January 26 , 1882 – October 23 , 1934 ) was an American painter and illustrator best known for his paintings of industrial scenes and for his poster work in World War I .
Biography
Beneker was born on January 26 , 1882 in Grand Rapids , Michigan , the son of Bartel Albertus Beneker , who had immigrated from Serooskerke in the Netherlands , and Pauline Catherine Steketee . He first studied at the Chicago Art Institute , where his teachers included John Vanderpoel and Frederick Richardson ; later he transferred to the Art Students League in New York . In September 1907 he married Flora Judd Van Vranken from Marcellus , New York , with whom he would have four children .
After working as an illustrator in New York , he became a student of Charles Webster Hawthorne in 1912 at the Cape Cod School of Art ; although his work brought about frequent moves , he returned to the area in the summers and in 1920 bought a summer house in Truro , Massachusetts .
In July 1918 , Beneker was hired , under the title of `` Expert Aid , Navy Department '' , to create posters and illustrations for the war effort . It was in this period that he painted his most familiar work , `` Sure We 'll Finish the Job '' , which sold over three million copies .
Later Beneker spent four years painting workers of the Hydraulic Pressed Steel Company in Cleveland , Ohio as part of a labor-management relations improvement project ; similar projects were carried out at the General Electric plant in Schenectady , New York and at the Rohm and Haas plant in Philadelphia .
He died on 23 October 1934 in Truro .
Beneker was one of the founders of the Provincetown Art Association and Museum . His papers are held by the Archives of American Art of the Smithsonian Institution .
Analysis
Beneker 's output was prodigious , with some five hundred works in oil produced over a thirty-year period , exclusive of his many illustrations .
Most of his work consists of portraits , landscapes , and genre paintings of industrial and manual labor , and it is for the last that he is best known .
Beneker 's industrial paintings are optimistic and uplift the common laborer . James Guimond lists him , along with such other artists as Alfred Stieglitz , Joseph Stella , and Margaret Bourke-White , as a participant in `` a popular genre of industrial art that was a kind of sooty romanticism . '' His industrial paintings toured the country , and Beneker was in great demand as a lecturer .
While his portraiture and industrial works are conservatively realistic , his landscapes are noted for their impressionism .
In addition , Beneker 's illustrations appeared in over eighty publications including Scientific American and Harper 's Weekly . He was noted for his Ivory Soap advertisements .
References
External links
1882 births
1934 deaths
American genre painters
American illustrators
20th-century American painters
American male painters
Artists from Michigan
Art Students League of New York alumni
American people of Dutch descent
20th-century American male artists
Constantia was launched in 1782 at the Delft Shipyard as an East Indiaman for the Delft Chamber of the Dutch East India Company ( VOC ) . The British Royal Navy captured her in 1795 when the British occupied Malacca .
Career
1st VOC voyage ( 1784–1785 ) : Captain Adriaan van Katersveld sailed from Goeree on 14 September 1784 , bound for Batavia . Consantia arrived at the Cape of Good Hope on 23 December , and left on 16 January 1785 . She arrived at Batavia on 21 April .
2nd VOC voyage ( 1786 ) : Captain Adriaan van Katersveld sailed from Bengal on 22 January 1786 with cargo for the Delft and Rotterdam Chambers of the VOC . Constantia arrived at the Cape on 3 April , and left on 11 May . She arrived at Goeree on 20 July .
3rd VOC voyage ( 1787 ) : Captain Jan Hendrik van der Linden sailed from Goeree on 16 May 1787 , bound for Batavia . Constantia arrived at the Cape on 29 August , and left on 12 October . She arrived at Batavia on 18 December .
4th VOC voyage ( 1790–1791 ) : Captain Johan Gallo sailed from Batavia on 28 October 11790 , bound for Goeree with cargo for the Delft Chamber . Constantia arrived at the Cape on 25 January 1791 , and left on 20 February . She arrived at Goeree on 20 May .
5th VOC voyage ( 1793–1794 ) : Captain Andries Laurens Kanters sailed from Goeree on 8 July 1793 , bound for Batavia . Constantia arrived at the Cape on 22 November , and left on 8 December . She arrived at Batavia on 18 February 1794 .
Fate
The Dutch government at Malacca arranged with the British government to turn Malacca over to the British rather than the having the Batavian Government , allies of the French , take possession . The British sent an expedition from Bengal that arrived off Malacca on 15 August 1795. arrived on the 17th , and the operation began that morning .
Constantia had been run into the mud between the fleet and the Fort . Resistance fired a few shots in her direction ; Constancia fired two shots in return , and then struck . The British troops landed , took possession of the Fort , and the Dutch signed Articles of Capitulation .
Citations
1782 ships
Ships built in the Netherlands
Ships of the Dutch East India Company
Captured ships
`` Provas de Amor '' is the eighteenth single by Titãs , released in 2004 . The song was featured on the 2004 Rede Globo telenovela Como uma Onda . Written by vocalist/guitarist Paulo Miklos , it questions the existence of love .
The music video , directed by Oscar Rodrigues Alves , features the band performing in the Cardeal Arcoverde Subway Station in Rio de Janeiro while certain psychological aspects of the passengers are unfolded . It premiered on MTV Brasil on June 30 , 2004 .
Track listing
References
2004 singles
Titãs songs
2004 songs
Songs written by Paulo Miklos
State Highway 158 ( SH 158 ) is a state highway running from near Goldsmith , Texas eastward to Ballinger , Texas .
Route description
SH 158 begins at an intersection with State Highway 302/Farm to Market Road 181 northwest of Odessa in unincorporated Ector County . The highway runs in a northeast–southwest direction until Philips Plant Road , turning into a more east–west direction . SH 158 enters the town of Goldsmith , intersecting with Farm to Market Road 866 . The highway resumes its rural route and has an interchange with U.S. Route 385 north of Odessa . SH 158 turns into a southeast–northwest direction near the Ector–Midland county line . The highway shares a short overlap with State Highway 191 in west Midland . The overlap ends at an interchange with Loop 250 , with SH 158 following Loop 250 until Interstate 20 . The highway leaves Interstate 20 in southeast Midland , running southeast–northwest through rural Midland County . SH 158 runs through Glasscock County and Garden City before entering Sterling County . SH 158 shares an overlap with U. S. Route 87 , with the two highways running through Sterling City together . SH 158 leaves US 87 at the eastern edge of Sterling City , running in a north–south direction before resuming an east–west direction . The highway runs through Coke County , serving the towns of Robert Lee and Bronte and later enters Runnels County . SH 158 ends at an intersection with U.S. Route 67/U.S . Route 83 in the town of Ballinger .
History
SH 158 was designated on March 19 , 1930 on a route from Robert Lee to Bronte , replacing SH 70A . SH 158 was extended northeast to Abilene and west to Sterling City on January 20 , 1932 . SH 158 was extended west to Garden City on April 23 , 1932 . On July 15 , 1935 , the section from Robert Lee to Garden City was cancelled . On December 21 , 1935 , a section from Garden City to Midland was added , creating a gap . On February 11 , 1937 , the western section extended westward to Gardendale , replacing SH 216 . On August 1 , 1938 , the section from Garden City to Sterling City was restored , partially closing the gap . On November 19 , 1938 , SH 158 was extended west to 7.5 miles northeast of Ector-Winkler County line , its current end . On July 9 , 1945 , FM 652 was designated from SH 158 to SH 302 . On September 26 , 1945 , FM 652 became part of SH 158 .
On February 12 , 1948 , the section from Bronte to Abilene was transferred to U.S. Route 277 . On August 19 , 1948 , SH 158 was extended southeast to Ballinger , replacing SH 109 . On September 26 , 1963 , SH 158 was extended along old location US 83 . Some time between 1958 and 1969 , Farm to Market Road 387 was signed , but not designated , as SH 158 . The two disconnected portions were finally connected on May 6 , 1969 when Farm to Market Road 387 , completed in 1959 , was officially re-designated as SH 158 ( which it was part of in 1935 ) .
Business routes
SH 158 has one business route .
Business State Highway 158-B ( formerly Loop 546 ) is a business loop that runs on the former routing of SH 158 through Midland . The route was created in 1984 when SH 158 was rerouted around town on top of Loop 250 and SH 349/IH 20 . Loop 546 was redesignated as Business SH 158-B on June 21 , 1990 . On June 30 , 2011 , the road was rerouted to IH 20 Business ( replacing SH 58 ) , the former route from Loop 268 to Business SH 349 was returned to Midland and the former route from Business SH 349 to SH 158 was transferred to SH 140 .
Junction list
Notes
References
158
Transportation in Ector County , Texas
Transportation in Midland County , Texas
Transportation in Glasscock County , Texas
Transportation in Sterling County , Texas
Transportation in Coke County , Texas
Transportation in Runnels County , Texas
Judo competitions at the 2021 Junior Pan American Games in Cali , Colombia were scheduled to be held from November 26–28 , 2021 .
Medal summary
Medal table
Medalists
Man 's
Woman 's
Mixed
References
Judo
Pan American Games
Far Out Recordings is a UK-based record label specialising in the music of Brazil . It was founded in the mid-1990s and is run by DJ , entrepreneur and producer Joe Davis . Music released on the label extends from samba , jazz , MPB , soul and disco , to house , broken beat , electronica and remixes .
Since the mid-1990s Far Out Recordings has been releasing new albums by Azymuth , Arthur Verocai , Marcos Valle , Joyce , Sabrina Malheiros , The Ipanemas , Banda Black Rio , Antonio Adolfo and Amaro Freitas .
The label has released numerous previously unreleased archival recordings , including Hermeto Pascoal 's Viajando Com O Som , Azymuth 's Demos ( 1973-75 ) , a Milton Nascimento performance of two ballets , Marcos Resende & Index 's 1976 debut album , and Jose Mauro 's A Viagem Das Horas . The latter was released as part of Far Out 's Quartin series : reissuing the catalogue of Brazilian producer Roberto Quartin 's 1970s label , this reissue series also included Jose Mauro 's Obnoxius and early works by Victor Assis Brasil and Piry Reis .
The label is also well known for its electronic , dance and club releases having put out original productions and remixes by Theo Parrish , Mark Pritchard , Dego , Andres , Marcellus Pittman , Kirk Degiorgio , Nicola Conte , Henry Wu and Rick Willhite among others .
Among Far Out 's catalogue also is a series of mixes called Brazilika , which includes entries from 4hero , Andy Votel , Gilles Peterson and Kenny `` Dope '' Gonzalez .
Artists
Azymuth
Marcos Valle
Hermeto Pascoal
Joyce
Milton Nascimento
Amaro Freitas
The Ipanemas ( with Wilson das Neves )
Sabrina Malheiros
Zeep ( with Nina Miranda )
Nomade Orquestra
Nicola Conte
Nana Vasconcelos
Sean Khan
Grupo Batuque
Dori Caymmi
Banda Black Rio
Irakere
Heidi Vogel
Kirk Degiorgio
References
External links
– official site
British record labels
House music record labels
World music record labels
Folk record labels
Electronic music record labels
Psychedelic trance record labels
Pop record labels
Easy listening record labels
Smooth jazz record labels
Soundtrack record labels
Hip hop record labels
Electronic dance music record labels
Experimental music record labels
Statistics of Latvian Higher League in the 1937–38 season .
Overview
It was contested by 7 teams , and Olimpija won the championship .
League standings
References
RSSSF
Latvian Higher League seasons
1937 in Latvian football
1938 in Latvian football
Latvia
Farhat Begum ( ) is a Pakistani politician who has been a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from 2008 to 2013 .
Political career
She was elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan as a candidate of Pakistan Peoples Party on a seat reserved for women from Khyber Pakhtunkhwa in the 2008 Pakistani general election .
References
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
Pakistan People 's Party politicians
Alcatrazes is a Brazilian archipelago , located some 35 km south of São Sebastião , in the northern coast of the State of São Paulo , one hour away by boat , approximately . It is protected by the largest marine integral conservation unit of Brazil after the Abrolhos Marine National Park .
Etymology
The name of the archipelago comes from a bird which forms its second largest bird population , with some three thousand specimens : the brown bobby , which is also known as `` alcatraz '' , a word that in Arabic means `` the diver '' , due to its ability to dive into the sea to capture fishes or squids .
Geography
Geology
The islands are believed to present their very current format since at least 2.5 million years ago . However , during the last glacial period ( in between 85 thousand and 15 thousand years ago ) , the seawater was receded in such a way that the archipelago was actually a mountain still connected to the continent .
Alcatrazes is formed by five main islands . The biggest one is known as Alcatrazes Island ( 2.5 km long with an area of ) and the other ones are called da Sapata , do Paredão , do Porto ( or do Farol ) and do Sul . There are also four unnamed islets ; five lajes ( Dupla , Singela , do Paredão , do Farol and Negra ) ; and two placers ( Nordeste and Sudeste ) . Its depth can reach 50 m. Its total oceanic coverage is of .
The highest point of the archipelago is the Boa Vista ( or dos Alcatrazes ) Peak , 316 m high . Another peak is done Oratório at 154 m. The islands ' faces are marked by rocky , steep walls that can reach up to in height . Between the southern and eastern arms of the main island is the Saco do Funil , the most protected part of the island and the place where the Brazilian Navy used to practice shooting ( see details in the `` History '' section below ) .
The Farol Island , also known as Porto Island , has a 7m tall lighthouse ( hence its name ; `` farol '' is Portuguese for lighthouse ) .
Biodiversity
Alcatrazes possesses rich fauna and flora ; by December 2019 , 1,3 thousand species had been registered there , 93 of which were deemed endangered and 20 were endemic , including the Bothrops alcatraz , the Scinax alcatraz and the true frog Cycloramphus faustoi . Other endemic species yet to be discovered are believed to exist there , including a species of coral snake which two only known individuals were lost during the fire at the Instituto Butantan .
Such occurrence of endemism lead the archipelago to be nicknamed `` the Galápagos of Brazil '' by some researchers , who believe Charles Darwin would have come to the same conclusions he came to in the Equatorian archipelago had he studied the fauna of Alcatrazes . As described in the sub-section `` Geology '' above , the islands were for tens of thousands of years linked to the continent , which provided easy access to the place for several species . As the waters rose again and the mountains returned to their island status , the animals that were stranded there either died or adapted and evolved , giving birth to all those unique species .
On the main island there is the world 's biggest cluster of frigatebirds ' nests , with a gathering of 6,000 individuals . Some 10,000 birds live in the archipelago , with over 100 different confirmed species , including endangered ones like the American oystercatcher and the South American tern .
In the waters surrounding the archipelago , several species live among the grooved brain corals , including 400 species of invertebrates and between 200 and 250 species of fish , a number superior to anywhere else in Brazil , including the much bigger Fernando de Noronha archipelago , with 150 species . The place is also visited by cetaceans . The not so long but also not so short distance between island and continent combined with the fact that it is located in a transition zone of warm tropical waters to colder subtropical ones make for the big diversity of fishes .
The sea around the islands would n't receive much attention until the 1990s , because diving was not yet regarded as a true scientific tool in Brazil . It was in the archipelago that such reality began to change .
Beside the Navy exercises , another threat to the local ecosystem is the sea pollution , be it from chemical dejects ( which contaminate the plankton and , consequently , the whole food chain involved with it ) or incorrectly disposed waste . The invasive orange cup coral is another risk to the local fauna . They were first detected in 2011 and , since then , they are monitored and removed so they do not become a plague , although its eradication is no longer considered possible to achieve .
History
2,5 million years ago , Alcatrazes was a mountain covered and surrounded with Atlantic Forest , and not an island . For around 65 thousand years one could simply walk from where today lies the municipality of São Sebastião to Alcatrazes .
Due to that , archeological remains indicate Alcatrazes was visited by pre-Columbian peoples . Its first known visitors , the tupinambás , named the place `` Uraritã '' ( `` land of birds '' ) .
After Brazil 's colonization by the Portuguese , Alcatrazes 's first mention comes from 1530 , on Pero Lopes de Souza 's diary . Souza was one of the leaders of the first Portuguese expedition assembled to take over the new colony . Back then , the main island served as a stock-up point for their fleet . Explorers would collect fish and wood before proceeding to Southern Brazil .
In the 18th century , the main island was used by fishermen and caiçaras for fisingh , shelter and guano extraction , the latter a valuable fertilizer .
The first scientific expedition took place in 1912 , under the leadership of Hermann Luederwalt . Scientists would only go there more often from the 1980s on . It was only then that the island 's fauna and flora started to become known .
Navy exercises
Until the 1980s , the Brazilian Navy had to sail to Puerto Rico to carry out shooting sessions with its ships . The elevated costs of such trips prompted the military to search for a proper place at the Brazilian coast . They eventually came up with three potential archipelagos : Alcatrazes , Fernando de Noronha and Abrolhos . Alcatrazes was ultimately chosen due to the lower anticipated environmental impact and its proximity to Rio de Janeiro , where the fleet is kept moored .
The shots , however , caused considerable environmental damage , motivating a number of lawsuits willing to cease them , although some researchers admit that the military presence helped protect the islands from fishermen .
In 1989 , environmentalists concerned with the damage started to promote visits to the islands to gather as much information as possible and show the extension of the damage the Navy was causing . In doing so , they expected to convince the military to stop . Until then , the last registered trip to the archipelago dated from 1920 .
At that time , the Navy promised to carry out studies of their own to determine the impact of the shots in the local ecosystem and the analysis confirmed the damage . In the meantime , then congressman Fábio Feldmann proposed a law that created the Marine National Park of Alcatrazes in 1990 . The shooting exercises continued and were only interrupted between 1991 and 1998 by a court decision . In 1998 , environmentalists protested with the help of Greenpeace right at one of the targets before one more exercise was carried out .
In 2004 , one shot caused a wildfire that consumed 20 hectares of the main island 's plants , which gave a new momentum to Feldmann 's proposal , but it was n't until 2013 that the Navy finally agreed with the creation of a park , as long as the Sapata Island ( with an area of 4 hectares ) , to the northeast of the main island , was excluded from the park so they could keep firing there . The Navy sustains that the exercises are `` essential to the training of the troops and the alignment of the cannons of the fleet '' , and that Alcatrazes is the only proper place for such trainings . Since then , and after an environmental impact assessment conducted by a joint team of researchers from the Environment and Defence Ministries , the exercises take place only once per year .
Status and preservation
When the Navy took over the place in the 1980s , visitation to the island was forbidden . Diving , even for leisure purposes , was also forbidden until 2016 ; it would only be allowed for special purposes , such as researching . Transgressors could be charged by the Navy with fines ranging from R $ 40 to R $ 2,200 , or by ICMBio , with fines ranging from R $ 700 to R $ 100,000 .
Since 1987 , a small part of the island was , in theory , protected by the federal government in the form of the Tupinambás Ecological Station , although there was no personnel or resources in the archipelago to prevent it from being harmed and although that particular area was not hit by the Navy fires .
In March 2012 , the deputy mayor of São Sebastião , Wagner Teixeira ( PV ) was caught committing illegal fishing near the Paredão Island . He was at his personal boat with five more men , and did n't stop until his engine ran out of oil , even with the coast guard on his tail with the sirens on . He was carrying 116 kg of fish , including endangered species , and stated he was n't aware of the prohibition of fishing in that area . In a later interview , he said the only ran out of fuel after he agreed to return to the continent with the inspectors . He also said he was n't aware the area was protected and that he always fought for the archipelago 's preservation .
In 2016 , Alcatrazes received Wild Life Refuge status and had its protection area increased so the whole archipelago is included ( except for the Sapata Island , as explained in the sub-section `` Navy exercises '' above ) , totalizing 673 km2 – a size met with criticism by some environmentalists , who predict too high a cost to watch over the whole area . Fishing and deforesting remain forbidden , but at that time boat rides and diving were planned to be opened to the public , according to criteria to be defined in a management plan .
In September 2017 , it was determined that the waters surrounding the islands would be , indeed , opened for boat rides and diving , but docking at the islands would not be an option due to the lack of beaches and other safe places for that . Visitations , which were to be exclusively promoted by companies authorized by ICMBio , were expected to begin in 2018 , with the year of 2017 reserved to the preparation for the activities ( registration of companies , trainings and issuing of licenses ) . A 60-foot boat would be installed at the island and would stay there all time to facilitate research and protection . Some researchers support touristic visitation to the archipelago , sustaining that the constant presence of people may discourage illegal fishermen .
In December , Alcatrazes was finally opened to the public for free-of-cost visitation . One year later , around a thousand people had dived in its waters , with an average 50 people/day ( the local infrastructure supports up to 200 hundred a day ) . By then , it was estimated that tourism in the archipelago generated R $ 2,5 million ( another source reports R $ 4 million ) . Besides , the number of transgressions registered by ICMBio inside the area dropped from 2017 's 98 to 4 in 2019 .
Also in December 2019 , new activities were authorized , such as night diving and overnight stays . In May 2020 , ICMBio established a set of rules and prohibitions to be followed by touristic companies and visitors alike .
In November 2021 , Educa Brasil Institute asked for the suspension of a then-imminent shooting exercise by the Brazilian Navy .
References
External links
Refúgio de Alcatrazes at the ICMBio official website
News story about the first touristic diving session after the archipelago 's reopening at Folha de S.Paulo ( in Portuguese )
Archipelagoes of Brazil
Geography of São Paulo ( state )
São Sebastião , São Paulo
A luminogram is an image , usually made with an artistic purpose , created by exposure of photosensitive materials to light without the intervention of an object ,
( The term has also been used for two unrelated photographic techniques : as a synonym for arteriogram in angiography , for measuring coronary atherosclerosis ; and as a term of the hand-writing expert W. R. Mansfield for an early means of reproducing images of normally invisible fluorescence phenomena . )
Technique
The luminogram is a variation on the photogram , made in the darkroom directly on photosensitive paper and chemically developed and fixed normally .
While the photogram employs the shadows of objects , in the luminogram the light is modulated by varying the intensity through distance from the photosensitive surface , by the power or shape of the light source , or tempered by filters or gels , or by moving the light , often a low-powered torch ( flashlight ) . The paper can itself be shaped to create the desired effects in the final image .
The photography theorist and practitioner of the luminogram Gottfried Jäger describes this as `` the result of pure light design ; the rudimentary expression of an interaction of light and photosensitive material… a kind of self representation of light . ''
History
Twentieth century
Many of László Moholy-Nagy 's `` photograms '' were luminograms . In the 1920s , Moholy-Nagy , with his wife Lucia Moholy , began experimenting with photograms . He produced photogram and luminogram images from 1922 in Berlin and continuously until his death in 1946 . Chronologically they fall into three groups :
Berlin Bauhaus period ( 1923–1928 )
exile in London ( 1935–1937 )
exile in the United States ( 1937–1946 )
Moholy-Nagy considered the `` mysteries '' of the light effects and the analysis of space as experienced through the photogram to be important principles that he experimentally explored and advanced in his teaching throughout his life . His luminograms are related to his sculptural experiments with projected light on his 'light modulator ' machines starting with the Lichtrequisit einer elektrischen Bühne [ Light Prop for an Electric Stage ] ( completed 1930 ) , a device with moving parts meant to have light projected through it in order to create mobile light reflections and shadows on nearby surfaces .
Moholy-Nagy 's luminograms are concerned exclusively with light and design . Moholy-Nagy approached the light-sensitive photographic paper as a blank canvas and used light to paint on the surface with and without the interference of an intervening object .
German immigrant to America Lotte Jacobi , encouraged by colleague Leo Katz , produced a large number of luminograms 1946 and 1951 , which she called Light Pictures using electric torches covered in fabric and candles to project light onto photographic paper with a dancing motion .
The experimental German fotoform group , from 1949 , produced luminograms , though their leader Otto Steinert and member Peter Keetman produced their abstract images by pointing a camera , with shutter open , at light sources to produce light trails . Another , Heinz Hajek-Halke , eliminated the camera .
Photographie Concrète was a movement first exhibited in 1967 in Bern , and comprised Swiss photographers , including Roger Humbert , who made luminograms first shown in Ungegenständliche Fotografie ( 'Nonrepresentational Photography ' ) , 1960 in Basel , amongst René Mächler , Rolf Schroeter , Jean Frédéric Schnyder who each made camera-less imagery . Associated with them was Heinrich Heidersberger who made 'rhythmogrammes ' with a machine devised to control the motion of a light globe swinging repeatedly across the surface of photographic paper to create looping and arrayed patterns .
Contemporary practice
Irish artist Martina Corry 's series Colour Works ( 2008 ) and Photogenic Drawings ( 2000 ) , she folds and crumples photographic paper , then flattens it before exposing it to the light of the enlarger so that after development it retains photographic representation of folds on top of the actual folded photograph , and as Corry notes , “ although abstract in appearance , the works document the history of their own making ” . In other works , such as Lumen and Luminograms ( both 2004 ) , she 'draws ' directly on the paper using optical fibres at varying distances from the surface of the photographic emulsion .
British duo , the husband and wife team Rob and Nick Carter make artworks in a range of media that are concerned with visual perception . These include photograms , some made directly from stained-glass windows in-situ , and also luminograms in the form of Harmonograms , achieved with a technique similar to Heidersberger 's 'rhythmogrammes ' ( above ) . Their series entitled Luminograms from around 2007 to 2011 , are harmonograms of colours arranged in a concentric 'target ' pattern and others made by illuminating direct-positive photographic paper to produce an edge-to-edge gradated tone . The one-metre-square prints are then presented under the continuously-changing illumination of C-200s LED light sources scrolling through the spectrum . The arrangement perverts the human ability to perceive a colour as constant even under changing lighting conditions . Instead , the static photographic prints themselves appear to change hue perversely . The artworks have attracted the interest of perceptual psychologists .
Oliver Chanarin and Adam Broomberg used the luminogram in their approach to imaging war , in a project The Day that Nobody Died ( 2008 ) in which they adopted the conceptual , pragmatic strategy of exposing a roll of photographic paper directly to ‘ front line ' Afghanistani light and filming British troops , with whom they were embedded , carrying the heavy cardboard box containing it . The wittingly ludicrous video documentation of the journey of the box and the content-free , but suggestive , luminogram brings to the fore the legitimacy of art as a representation of the theatre of war . The work was included in the Tate Modern exhibition Conflict , Time , Photography November 26 , 2014 March 15 , 2015 .
References
Photographic processes
Artistic techniques
Photographic techniques
Light art
The Tolucan Times is a community weekly newspaper based in the Toluca Lake area of Los Angeles , California . Founded in 1937 , it is one of the oldest newspapers in the San Fernando Valley . It covers politics and local news , as well as books , films , theatre and art reviews for the Los Angeles region . It has a readership in the Los Angeles entertainment industry , as the newspaper is carried on all of the studio lots and is featured in various production businesses . Better Business Bureau believes it to be out of business .
References
External links
Newspapers published in Greater Los Angeles
Alternative weekly newspapers published in the United States
Toluca Lake , Los Angeles
Eva Winther ( née Fornander ; 1921–2014 ) was a Swedish Liberal People 's party politician who served as the minister for migration and gender equality in the period 1978–1979 .
Early life and education
She was born in Stockholm on 3 August 1921 to Captain Martin Fornander and Gunhild Fornander . She received education in the field of paediatric nursing .
Career
Winther started her political career when she was elected to the Kiruna town council from the Liberal People 's party in 1966 and remained in the post until 1976 . Then she became a member of the Norrbotten county council and was elected to the Swedish parliament in the 1976 election . At the parliament she served as the chair of the labour market committee ( 1977–1978 ) and then as a member of the same committee ( 1979–1982 ) . On 18 October 1978 Winther was named as the minister for migration and gender equality as part of the cabinet led by Prime Minister Ola Ullsten and she remained in the office until 12 October 1979 . She served at the parliament until 1982 . Then she became a member of the Halland county council in the period 1985–1991 and was the deputy chair of the council from 1988 to 1991 .
Personal life and death
Winther was married and had three children , a son and two daughters . She died in Kungsbacka on 26 May 2014 and buried at the Skogskyrkogården cemetery in Stockholm .
References
External links
20th-century Swedish women politicians
21st-century Swedish women
1921 births
2014 deaths
Burials at Skogskyrkogården
Members of the Riksdag from the Liberals ( Sweden )
Women government ministers of Sweden
Swedish Ministers for Gender Equality
Swedish Ministers for Migration and Asylum Policy
Swedish nurses
Politicians from Stockholm
Members of the Riksdag 1976–1979
Members of the Riksdag 1979–1982
Women members of the Riksdag
`` Something Up There Likes Me '' is a science fiction short story by American writer Alfred Bester . The story was first published in Astounding : The John W Campbell Memorial Anthology ( 1973 ) .
Plot summary
Jake Madigan , an exobiologist , and engineer Florinda Pot ( pronounced `` Poe '' ) , both based at Goddard Space Flight Center , are assigned the preparation/launch of a satellite containing an Orbiting Biological Observatory . The assignment has various delays and failures , but eventually the satellite , containing experimental packages contributed by various research institutions , is delivered to Cape Kennedy and launched . During this time , Jake and Florinda 's relationship evolves from mutual dislike to mutual attraction .
Within a day , they find that an experimental boom has not extended as ordered and that OBO is focusing on it , causing the satellite to spin in circles . This means that the solar array is not continuously focused on the sun , and so insufficient power is being generated . They calculate that at a certain moment , they can bypass the batteries and give the satellite a high-voltage 'swift kick ' . This allows the boom to extend , but within a week , the experimenters begin receiving transmissions unrelated to OBO 's mission .
They eventually realize that the satellite has developed its own intelligence ( most likely as a result of the swift kick ) , naming itself `` OBO '' . Moreover , it is communicating with other satellites ( including Soviet spy birds , resulting in attempts to transmit Cyrillic words using the standard English alphabet coding ) and increasing its abilities .
The authorities at Goddard want to initiate the self-destruct on OBO , as they are worried it 's sharing secrets with the Soviets . Jake and Florinda are opposed , until OBO sends a message telling the two that it considers them to be its parents , and expressing shame that they are in an `` illikit '' relationship . When the DESTRUCT command is transmitted , OBO is unaffected . In a seemingly unrelated disaster , all electrical devices in a city overload , causing a huge fire . During the next pass , the signal is sent again . Another city goes up in flames .
Jake and Florinda realize that OBO is behind the fires , and that he ( and his satellite network ) have the ability to control all electrical systems on Earth . Looking for a solution , they consult `` Stretch '' , an IBM 2002 mainframe computer at Goddard , who directs them to find a safe place in a small , rural town . Once there , they get a telephone call from `` Stretch '' , which has become part of OBO 's intelligent network ( and has been narrating the story ) . He tells them that OBO will be passing overhead , and would like them to go outside and see their `` child . '' Jake and Florinda resignedly wave at OBO , wondering how long until OBO 's orbit decays .
1973 short stories
Short stories by Alfred Bester
Lin Tsung-hsien or Lin Tsong-shyan ( ; born 22 February 1962 ) is a Taiwanese politician . He was elected Yilan County Magistrate in 2009 and served until 2017 , when he was appointed to lead the Council of Agriculture .
Education and early career
Lin was born in Luodong to a family of farmers , and received his bachelor 's degree from Chiayi Agricultural College and master 's degree from Fo Guang University . Upon completion of mandatory military service , Lin became an insurance agent .
Political career
Lin became active in Luodong Township 's local politics in 1988 , having worked his way up to the position of district secretary-general by 1994 . In 1998 , Lin joined the Democratic Progressive Party . In February 2002 , he became the mayor of Luodong Township , serving for two terms until December 2009 .
Yilan County Magistracy
Lin assumed the magistracy of Yilan County on 20 December 2009 after winning the 2009 Republic of China local election on 5 December 2009 under the Democratic Progressive Party .
During his first term as county magistrate , Lin improved the county 's standing through reform . He also restored the annual Yilan International Children 's Folklore and Folkgame Festival which was suspended by his predecessor Lu Kuo-hua . Lin had also supported several agricultural policies , such as banning chemical herbicides in farms and ending the use of unprocessed manure as fertilizer . In terms of housing development , he had created regulations on farmhouses and reduced the number of residential buildings permitted on farmland .
On 29 November 2014 , Lin won the Yilan County magistrate election as the DPP candidate .
In his second term , Lin supported Ko Wen-je 's proposal to build a railway connecting Yilan and Taipei . However , the project drew harsh criticism for its predicted negative effects on the environment .
Minister of Agriculture
Lin was appointed the head of the Council of Agriculture in February 2017 . He resigned the position on 1 December 2018 .
References
Magistrates of Yilan County , Taiwan
Living people
1962 births
Democratic Progressive Party ( Taiwan ) politicians
Taiwanese Ministers of Agriculture
People from Luodong , Yilan County , Taiwan
Güssenburg Castle ( also Güssenberg ) is a ruined castle on a hill near Hermaringen in Heidenheim County in Baden-Württemberg , Germany . It was built around 1346 , during the High Middle Ages and much of the curtain wall and keep remain .
Location
The ruin sits an elevation of about above sea level and about above the floor of the Brenz valley . The castle hill , known as the Schloßberg , is very steep on the north , west and east sides which made it an ideal location for a fortification .
History
Berg Güssenburg was the ancestral seat of the House of Güssenberg ( German : von Güssenberg ) , which was later known ( around the 15/16th century ) as the Güß von Güssenberg . The family was quite large and eventually ruled over many castles and communities in the region , including Brenz an der Brenz , Haunsheim and Leipheim . Because of the numerous branches of the family the entire Güssenberg family was generally known under the name of Güssen . The family ruled as Ministerialis or unfree knight in the service of another noble . Initially the Ministerialis ruled a fief for a noble , but could not inherit the fief . However , by the 13th century the fiefs had become much more heritable . The Güssen served as ministerialis for the Diepoldinger and later the Hohenstaufen families .
The first mention of the Güssen is from 1 and 7 May 1171 when Diepold Gusse is listed as a witness on two documents issued by Emperor Frederick I. Heinrich von Güssenberg is mentioned in 1216 as a witness to the peace settlement between the monastery at Ellwangen and Kaisheim .
In 1328 the fief went to the Counts of Helfenstein but the Güssen seem to have held the Güssenburg . Around 1346 the keep was expanded and the curtain wall was built . About twenty years later , the Güssen von Güssenburg line died out and the castle was taken over by the Güssen von Haunsheim family . A few years later , in 1372 the Haunsheim line sold the Güssenburg to the Count of Helfenstein . The Güssenburg was the administrative center of the Count 's fief in the Brenz valley .
The count 's vogt or bailiff was located at the Güssenburg until 1448 . The central location of the castle made it an ideal location to administer the grafschaft or fief of the Count . In 1448 the fief fell to the House of Württemberg . However , the castle was destroyed in 1449 during the Städtekreig by troops from Ulm , Giengen and Lauingen , and never rebuilt .
In 1709 the community of Hermaringen inherited the ruins and the associated farms below the hill . In 1970/71 the ruins were repaired and cleaned . A further renovation occurred from 1981 until 1998 through the local Castle Society .
Description
The keep and curtain wall form an irregular rectangle of about . On the south side , a wide dry moat separates the castle area from the flat hill top . Near the moat a massive curtain wall rises up , the Ashlar wall is up to thick . A post , found in the wall , has been dendrochronology dated to 1350 .
The curtain wall is long , and the western portion is partially collapsed . On the ends there are short , angular sections of wall . The western , somewhat longer section , might be the remains of the former castle gate . The eastern section is the beginning of the inner wall .
About behind the curtain wall , currently nearly flat , runs the old inner ditch . Behind the inner ditch , portions of the inner castle still remain . These include debris , barriers and the ruins of the keep .
The square keep is still about high . During the early 20th century the outer layer of the keep was still visible . However , today only the brick fill of the walls is still visible . The inner surface ( about ) is decorated with 26 small squares .
See also
List of castles in Baden-Württemberg
Schloss Brenz
References
Günter Schmitt : Burgenführer Schwäbische Alb . Band 6 · Ostalb . Wandern und entdecken zwischen Ulm , Aalen und Donauwörth . Biberacher Verlagsdruckerei . Biberach an der Riß 1995 .
Ruined castles in Germany
Swabian Jura
The following article presents a summary of the 1960 football ( soccer ) season in Brazil , which was the 59th season of competitive football in the country .
Taça Brasil
Semifinals
| }
Final
Palmeiras declared as the Taça Brasil champions by aggregate score of 11-3 .
Torneio Rio-São Paulo
Final Standings
Fluminense declared as the Torneio Rio-São Paulo champions .
State championship champions
Brazilian clubs in international competitions
Brazil national team
The following table lists all the games played by the Brazil national football team in official competitions and friendly matches during 1960 .
References
Brazilian competitions at RSSSF
1960 Brazil national team matches at RSSSF
Seasons in Brazilian football
Brazil
Banbury Reservoir is located in the London Borough of Waltham Forest at Walthamstow . It is one of the storage reservoirs in the Lee Valley Reservoir Chain . The reservoir is owned by Thames Water .
History
The reservoir , which was completed in 1903 , was originally owned by the East London Waterworks Company , before being taken over by the newly formed Metropolitan Water Board in 1904 .
See also
London water supply infrastructure
References
Drinking water reservoirs in England
Thames Water reservoirs
Reservoirs in London
The Science Policy Support Group Ltd ( SPSG ) contributed to UK science policy between 1986 and 2003 . SPSG was set up by the Economic and Social Research Council ( ESRC ) , with the initial support of the other Research Councils , to organise programmes of research and information on issues of science and technology policy
identified as of strategic importance .
Description
Its main means of operation was through defining , developing , seeking funding , and managing research programmes , bringing together scholars from a variety of institutions and disciplines , initially across the UK but later at European level . Themes included Defence Technology Management and Dual Use ( co-funded by the MoD – leading to a European defence technology network ) , Academic Industry Relations ( leading to the Triple Helix theory of innovation and the stream of activity organised by the Triple Helix Association ) , understanding the European Context for UK Science Policy , and Public Understanding of Science , including the original specification of the ESRC Science in Society Programme and evidence to the House of Lords Select Committee on Science & Technology 's enquiry on this theme ( 2000 ) .
SPSG also organised a London-based science policy lunch club , and a series of thematic international conferences including the influential 1989 NATO advanced studies institute which led to the book The Research System in Transition about the wide range of consequences of science budget cuts and of new approaches to the evaluation and management of the scientific enterprise .
By 1989 , SPSG had become a non-profit company , registered as a charity , by taking over the shell of the Technical Change Centre , an earlier cross-Research Council initiative . The SPSG Board was chaired by Professor David Edge ( 1989–1992 ) , Professor ( later Sir ) Roger Williams ( 1992–1998 ) and Sir Ian Lloyd MP ( 1998–2003 ) . The first director of SPSG was Professor John Ziman , FRS and the programme manager Peter Healey , who became managing director in 1993 .
A review in 1999 concluded that SPSG had been responsible for much of the work which underpinned the 1993 S & T white paper Realising our Potential , but SPSG never lost a controversial reputation with science funders for producing uncomfortable knowledge , and this ultimately cost it its core funding . This reputation started with its encouragement in the late 1980s of independent debate on research which purported to show the decline in UK science , and continued with John Ziman 's exploration of the bounds of government support of science and the risks of excessive accountability which he later developed into the book Prometheus Bound : science in a dynamic steady state ( Cambridge University Press , 1994 ) and with research which some considered gave undue emphasis to social and economic perspectives on science and technology . SPSG was wound up in 2003 .
References
Science and technology in the United Kingdom
Maria do Ceo ( 1658–1753 ) , was a Portuguese poet , writer , and playwright . She went by the pseudonyms of Marina Clemencia , Sister Maria do Cêu , Sor Maria do Ceo del Cielo and Maria del Cielo . ( 11 September 1658 – 28 May 1753 ) . Born in Lisbon , Portugal . Her work was written during the Baroque era , which is the period of artistic style that uses exaggerated motion and clear interpreted detail to produce work . This period started around 1600 and quickly spread throughout Europe . She has been compared to the prominent authors from the Iberian peninsulas including Giambattista Marino , a Neapolitan Poet , and another writer and nun Juana Inés de la Cruz . Comparatively Juana was a self-taught scholar and poet of the Baroque school . Her reasoning for becoming a nun was so she could continue her studies more freely .
Personal life
Maria was born in Lisbon , Portugal , the daughter of nobility to António de Eça de Castro and Catarina de Távora . Her Sisters were Francisca Benta de Távora and Isabel de Silva , both sisters ' married high-ranking military officials . Like Maria , Isabel was a poet , the author of such works like Comédia de Santa Iria , Estrela Errante , Noites de Sol or Obras de Misericórdia .
At the age of eighteen , Maria entered the Franciscan convent of Nossa Senhora de Piedade de Esperança in Lisbon , in June 1676 . Maria served many roles while in the convent . These roles included the function of porter , mistress of novices , and twice as office of prioress .
Literary work
In service , the Sister Maria do Céu reflected and used all the basic tendencies of literary-aesthetic in baroque . The Lisbon literary writer includes both religious compositions and works of secular character in the novel allegorical poems and collections of poems and parables . In 1681 , Maria do Ceo wrote the first novel allegorical Escarmentos de flores , while the original English version , officially the next track this type of Preciosa was established in 1690 . Later works were printed in Lisbon under the religious name ( Maria do Ceo ) or pseudonym ( Marina Clemencia ) author . In the 1740s , two volumes of her works were published in Madrid , where she had become quite popular . For the most outstanding work by Maria do Ceo recognized by modern literary historians , include A Preciosa . This work was written in prose and verse , a two part allegorical novel issued with a manuscript in the early 1690s . Some motifs from A Preciosa include the books of the Bible , as well as Greek and Roman mythology , the novel also has references to classical philosophy and scholastic , romantic court , and novel pastoral . For the nuns the allegorical song Aves Ilustradas , which is a collection of examples constructed from the avian debate . This work is considered one of the best examples of Portuguese literature and fairy tales with animals included in its didactic function . Maria do Ceo started signing as Sor Maria del Cielo due to her key personalities associated with the royal court , including Teresa de Moncada u Beanavides , Duchess of Medinaceli and her daughter .
Works
A Feniz Aparecida on vida , morte , sepulture , & Milagres de gloriosa S. Catharin , rainha de Alexandria , Virgem & martyr . Lisboa : Offician Real Deslandesian , 1715
Rozario dos attributos divinos . Lisboa : Officina Joaquinanna da Musica , 1730s
A preciosa . Allegoria moral . Lisboa : D Jamie de La Té e Sagau , 1731 .
A preciosa . Obras de Misericordia I primorosos that mysticos dialogos expostas . Lisboa Occidental : Officina da Muscia , 1733 .
Aves ilustrada I avisos para server as Religiosas os seus officios dos Mosteiros , Lisboa Offician Miguel Rodrigues , 1734 ; ed . II 0 Lisboa : Officina Miguel Rodrigues , 1738
Obras varias e admiraveis give MR Madre Maria do Ceo . Lisboa Occidental , Officina de Manoel da Costa Fernandes , 1735
Engoñosa to the bosque , dezenganos to Rio , Lisboa : Officina de Manoel Fernandes da Costa , 1736 ; ed . II Lisbon : Officina de Lisboa António da Fonseca , 1741
Trifuno to Rosario repartido I sinco autos mesmo muito devotos that Divertidos , pelas Singularian ideas , com que os compoz a muito Reverend Madre Maria , Lisboa Occidental : Officina de Manescal Miguel da Costa , 1740
Obras y varias de la Madre Maria do Ceo , religiosa y francisca Abadesa del convent de la Esperança de Lisboa . Corregidas de los muchos defectos de la Edición portuguesa , é ilustradas con breves notas por el Doct . Fernando Setien Calderon de la Barca , Madrid : Antonio Marin , 1744 ( two volumes )
Meraforas das flores pela MR Madre Maria do Ceo , Lisboa : Typographia da rua dos Retrozeiros , 1873
A Preciosa de Soror Maria do Céu . Ediçāo actulizada to Códice 3733 da Biblioteca Nacinal de um precedida estudo histórico , Lisboa : Instituo Nacional de Investigaçāo Cientifica , 1990
Triunfo do Rosário repartido I cincos autos , Lisboa : Quimera , 1992
Rellaçāo da vida e morte da Serva Deos and veneravel Madre Elenna da Crus see Soror Maria do Céu . Transciçāo to Códice 87 can Bibloteca Nacional de um precedida estudo historico , Lisboa : Quimera , 1993
References
Further reading
Augusto , Sara ( 2005 ) . About Papgaio Ilustrado - liçāo e exemplo on Ficçāo Barroca . p. 137 .
Augusto , Sara ( 2008 ) . A predestinada peregrina . Dos engañosa the bosque aos desenganos to Rio . p. 158 .
de Azecedo , Conde ( 1916 ) . `` Fernando Pinto de Mendonça Ferrão de Castello Cranco Tavares de Aimedia e e Távara '' . Revisita de ex-libris portugueses : 151 .
Céu , Maria . `` BLX Rede de bibliotecsas de Lisboa '' .
Hatherly , Ana ( 1990 ) . `` A Preciosa de Sorror Maria do Céu . Ediçāo actulizada to Códice 3773 da Biblioteca Nacional , precedida dum estudo historico '' . Instituto Nacional de Incestigaçāo Cientifica .
Partyka , Joanna . Wife Trained : The woman who writes in the culture of the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries . Warsaw Institute of Literary Research . pp . 111 , 178 , 195 , 196 .
Pinal , Francisco Aguillar ( 1993 ) . Bibliography de Autores españoles del siglo XVIII . Madrid Consejo Superior de Investigaciones Cientificas .
External links
http : //digitarq.arquivos.pt/details ? id=1375739
1658 births
1753 deaths
Portuguese women poets
Portuguese women writers
18th-century Portuguese dramatists and playwrights
Baroque writers
Kenneth `` Ken '' James Forbes Scotland ( born 29 August 1936 ) is a former Scotland international rugby union player ; and former Scotland international cricket player . He played at full-back in rugby union .
Rugby Union career
Amateur career
He played his club rugby for Leicester Tigers , London Scottish FC , Heriot 's FP , Aberdeenshire , and Ballymena .
After his first international season he ran into trouble , when he had a trial for Cambridge University , and it is claimed he lost his form all that autumn , and was only third choice for the university . An injury to Robin Chisholm brought him back onto the Scotland team , and played for another five seasons without discussion . Gordon Waddell was one of his more famous teammates at Cambridge .
After graduating from Cambridge , Scotland 's career took him to work in Tamworth , he joined Leicester Tigers , making his debut against Bath in September 1961 . In his first season , despite international callups limiting his availability , he was the club 's top point scorer with 138 from 24 games . In 1963 , work took Scotland to Edinburgh and he left Leicester after 40 games and 240 points .
On 1 November 1999 Scotland was named in Leicester Tigers Team of the Century despite only playing 40 games in 18 months for the club .
Ken Scotland published his autobiography in 2020 .
Provincial career
After moving to Aberdeen , Ken Scotland played for Aberdeenshire , and for the North and Midlands district team .
International career
He played for Scotland 27 times between 1957 and 1965 , and 5 times for the British Lions on their 1959 tour of New Zealand .
Scotland was originally picked for the match against France , while doing his National Service in the Army , and scored the only points in the match , a drop goal and a penalty .
Richard Bath writes of him that :
`` Like Gavin Hastings against France nearly three decades later , Ken Scotland started his international career on a high note , scoring all six points in his country 's win over France . Yet although Scotland made a huge impact when he won his first cap aged 19 , it could all have been so different . Until circumstances caused his selection at full-back at for the Scottish Trial earlier that year , Scotland had always played fly-half . That experience of playing fly-half added another dimension to his game , and he soon emerged as the first true attacking full-back in an age where a safety-first attitude and a large boot were the most important attributes for any No . 15 ... Novel at the time , it is now the staple diet of attacking full-backs the world over . ''
Scotland 's goal kicking style was highly influential :
`` As a goal kicker he popularized the instep style , then deplored by most coaches , now adopted by most kickers ... His record as a goal-kicker hardly compares with Andy Irvine , but then the modern ball flies further and truer . ''
But on the other hand , Scotland missed three penalty kicks against in the 1962 Calcutta Cup match .
Cricket career
He also played for the Scottish national cricket team .
Tributes
Tom Kiernan was being interviewed on the occasion of his fiftieth cap for Ireland , and was asked who he thought was the greatest rugby player of his time , and replied , : '' Ken Scotland . It was a privilege to be on the same field as him . '' Arthur Smith called him `` the best passer of a ball I played with . ''
Allan Massie puts him in a class with Jackie Kyle , Mike Gibson and Barry John , and says :
`` His sense of position was very fine , sometimes uncanny ; it was very rare to see him caught out , and he played in the days when full-backs received even more bombardment than they do now ... He kicked beautifully with either foot . His tackling , though not destructive in the Bruce Hay manner , for he was slim and light of build , was very safe . I recall vividly one try-saving tackle in 1961 on the Welsh winger Dewi Bebb ; it could have been used to illustrate a textbook and carried Bebb well into touch .
`` He was first full-back fully to exploit the attacking possibilities of the game . He was n't of course the first to refuse to be restricted to a fielding , tackling and kicking role , but not even the great New Zealander Bob Scott had brought the same spirit of intelligent adventure to the position . ''
See also
List of Scottish cricket and rugby union players
References
Sources
Bath , Richard ( ed . ) The Complete Book of Rugby ( Seven Oaks Ltd. , 1997 )
Massie , Allan A Portrait of Scottish Rugby ( Polygon , Edinburgh ; )
External links
Profile & Statistics on ESPN Scrum
1936 births
Living people
Scottish rugby union players
Scotland international rugby union players
Army rugby union players
Royal Corps of Signals soldiers
Cambridge University R.U.F.C . players
British & Irish Lions rugby union players from Scotland
Scottish cricketers
Heriot 's RC players
Cricketers from Edinburgh
Scotland cricketers
North and Midlands players
Leicester Tigers players
Rugby union players from Edinburgh
Aberdeenshire RFC players
Rugby union fullbacks
