Emma Roberta Steiner ( 1856February 27 , 1929 ) was an American composer and conductor . She was one of the first women in the United States to make a living from conducting , and did so at more than 6,000 performances during her lifetime . She was additionally the first woman to conduct a Theatre orchestra in New York . Her career spanned nearly five decades , from the 1870s , when she first began conducting for touring comic opera companies , until her death in 1929 . In the early 1900s , she took a decade-long hiatus from her musical career to move to Alaska , where she was a prospector and traveler . Steiner wrote hundreds of musical pieces , including seven operas .
Biography
Steiner was born in Baltimore , Maryland , in 1856 . Her father , Colonel Frederick Steiner , was a Mexican War hero and her mother an accomplished pianist . Thus , she was exposed to music at a young age , composing songs by age 7 and a piano duet at 9 . Others recognized her talents early , and even suggested to her father that he send her to Paris to study music , but her parents refused and did not encourage her to develop the talent . She nonetheless continued composing , starting on an opera at age 11 , Aminaide , one scene of which was produced at the Peabody Conservatory , a prominent music school in Baltimore that Steiner was not able to attend .
Music historians are unsure exactly how or when , but by the age of 21 , Steiner had left her family behind to pursue her musical career . She moved to Chicago , where she became assistant music director at the Rice and Collier Opera Company , run by American musical-theatre composer E. E. Rice . However , there is still ambiguity around what her first steps were into the realm of professional music making . Some say that she was noticed for her beautiful singing , other say it was her light music which garnished attention , while others point to the important role E. E. Rice played in hiring her , despite her being a woman . In the following years , she worked as a conductor for a series of touring light opera companies that performed Gilbert and Sullivan and other comic operas that were popular during that period . In 1889 and again in 1891 , her opera Fleurette was produced to good reviews . Steiner rose to further prominence when one of her compositions was performed at the 1893 Chicago World 's Columbian Exhibition . The next year , she conducted a performance of her own works in New York City by the well-respected Anton Seidl Orchestra . It is said that she thought this to be her proudest moment of her career thus far .
Despite a bout of pneumonia in 1896 , Steiner continued to conduct , compose , and perform . Among the many people she worked for , including George Baker , Maurice Grau , and Julius Howe , was the conductor and Metropolitan Opera Director Heinrich Conried . During his time at The MET from 1903-1908 , he had considered allowing her to conduct at the theatre , but was off-put due to her feminine stature , such a statement being a radical choice for the early 20th century . She continued developing her musical dexterity by founding the company Emma R. Steiner Gaiety Opera Company , one of the first and only female-led and female-advocating opera companies in America in the late 1890s . However , by 1900 her eyesight was worsening due to her contraction of an unknown illness , but also funding for her operas was started to become difficult to obtain . Despite this , she continued composing and created the operas The Man From Paris in 1900 , and later The Burra Pundit in 1907/08 .
In order to continue writing and producing her operas , she left for Nome , Alaska to pan for gold . There , she became traveler and a prospector in the tin mining fields northwest of Nome , where she was highly regarded due to her discovery of important tin deposits . She then educated herself in mineralogy and metallurgy during her study at Columbia University . Following her return after nearly a decade , she became an outspoken advocate for Alaska , often giving talks about the state and its history . But later , she again turned to music and continued writing and performing into the 1920s . The Metropolitan Opera held a special performance of her works in 1925 , the last time a woman would conduct there until 1976 . She also helped found a home for elderly and infirm musicians , to which she dedicated the proceeds of some of her later concerts . In its obituary after her death on February 27 , 1929 , The New York Times claimed that the stress of running the home had brought on the collapse that ended her life .
Tragedy
During her lifetime , Emma R. Steiner had to experience a series of life-altering events . A 1902 warehouse fire in New York destroyed many of her works , including the only remaining copy of her first opera Aminaide . In 1909 , she filed a lawsuit after the death of her father , who had remarried after her mother 's death and had written Steiner out of his will in preference to his stepdaughter . She tried to revoke the ruling by taking the will to court , but in the end she lost and was left with nothing from her father 's inheritance .
Legacy
During her career , Steiner conducted more than 6,000 ( some say 7,000 ) performances of operas , operettas , and other works including a number of her own . She wrote hundreds of musical pieces , including seven operas . In addition to her original works she is credited along with Caroline B. Nichols as being among the first women in the United States to make a successful career out of conducting musical performances .
Works
Operettas
1877 : Fleurette
1894 : Daydream ( based on Alfred Tenneyson 's `` Sleeping Beauty '' )
1894 : Brigands
1894 : La belle Marguerite
1900 : The man from Paris ( libretto by James A. Russell , modeled on the likeness of the novel by J. W. Castle and M. I. MacDonald )
1907/8 : Burra Pundit
The little Hussar
The Viking
The Sleeping Beauty
The Alchemist
A flower divinely fair
Orchestral
The Flag – Forever May It Wave
References
External links
`` Steiner , Emma Roberta ” , Composers Classical Music
`` Emma Steiner : Conductor , Composer , Miner '' , Song of the Lark Blog
The Democratic advocate . [ volume ] , June 12 , 1908 , Image 1 , Library of Congress
The evening world . [ volume ] , January 31 , 1894 , 6 O'CLOCK EXTRA. , Image 1 , Library of Congress
American women classical composers
American classical composers
People from Nome , Alaska
1856 births
1929 deaths
Musicians from Baltimore
American opera composers
Women conductors ( music )
19th-century conductors ( music )
19th-century classical composers
20th-century American conductors ( music )
20th-century classical composers
19th-century American composers
Women opera composers
20th-century American women musicians
20th-century American composers
20th-century women composers
19th-century women composers
19th-century American women musicians
Danny Huwé ( 1 December 1943 – ) was a Belgian journalist who was working for VTM , Vlaamse Televisie Maatschappij ( English : Flemish Television Company ) , at the time of his death . Before VTM he worked as a radio journalist at the BRT ( national radio and television ) for many years together with journalists such as Rudi Dufour , Rudi Vranckx , Mark Ooms , and Piet Deslé . He was killed during the Romanian Revolution .
Biography
He was born in Geraardsbergen ( Belgium ) , and killed on 24 or 25 December 1989 in Bucharest ( Romania ) during the Romanian Revolution . He was shot by a sniper thought to be loyal to Nicolae Ceaușescu . Huwé was travelling by car from Sofia , Bulgaria towards central Bucharest . His car was in the southwestern part of the city , in the Drumul Taberei neighborhood , when it was blocked by a tank . Border guards opened fire , hitting him in the head .
Legacy
The square where Huwé was killed has been named after him . The Danny Huwé Square ( Piața Danny Huwé in Romanian ) is located at the Răzoare traffic circle which is at the intersection of Timișoara Boulevard , Drumul Taberei Boulevard , and Progresului Street . Also , the bus stations in the area bear his name .
Huwé had one son , Tim , who was 18 years old at the time of his father 's death .
References
1943 births
1989 deaths
People from Geraardsbergen
Male journalists
Belgian television journalists
Belgian radio journalists
Flemish journalists
20th-century Belgian journalists
People of the Romanian Revolution
Deaths by firearm in Romania
Belgian people murdered abroad
Journalists killed in Romania
Journalists killed while covering military conflicts
Alexander George Findlay ( 1812–1875 ) was an English geographer and hydrographer . His services to geography have been compared with those of Aaron Arrowsmith and August Heinrich Petermann .
Life
Findlay was born in London , 6 January 1812 , a descendant of the Findlays of Arbroath , Forfarshire . His grandfather was a shipowner there , who moved his business to the River Thames . Findlay 's father , Alexander Findlay was one of the original fellows of the Royal Geographical Society .
The son Alexander George Findlay devoted himself to the compilation of geographical and hydrographical works . On the death of John Purdy , the hydrographer , in 1843 , he took a leading position . In 1844 he was elected a fellow of the Royal Geographical Society , and was a member of its council and committees . His researches in meteorology attracted the attention of Robert FitzRoy .
On the death of Richard Holland Laurie of Laurie & Whittle , the London geographical and print publisher , in 1858 , Findlay took over the business . In 1885 , when Van Keulen of Amsterdam , founded in 1678 , was dissolved , it became the oldest active firm in Europe for the publication of charts and nautical works .
Findlay died at Dover on 3 May 1875 .
Works
Findlay 's atlases of Ancient and Comparative Geograph were known internationally . In 1851 he completed the revision of Richard Brookes 's Gazetteer , and the same year published his first major work , on the Coasts and Islands of the Pacific Ocean , in 2 vols . of 1,400 pages .
Findlay issued six large nautical directories , which have proved invaluable to the maritime world . They included The North Atlantic Ocean , The South Atlantic Ocean , The Indian Ocean , Indian Archipelago , China , and Japan , The South Pacific Ocean , and The North Pacific Ocean . Sir Henry Rawlinson commented that these works had become standard authorities ; he also executed a series of charts widely used by the mercantile marine . The Society of Arts awarded Findlay its medal for his dissertation on The English Lighthouse System . Subsequently , he published Lighthouses and Coast Fog Signals of the World .
He also wrote a paper on the connection of Lake Tanganyika with the Nile , accompanying it by a comparative series of maps relating to the northern end of the lake . Findlay served on various committees appointed by the British Association for the Advancement of Science , and contributed the following papers to section E : at Liverpool in 1853 , On the Currents of the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans ; Exeter , 1869 , On the Gulf Stream , and its supposed influence upon the Climate of N.-W. Europe .
Findlay 's publications came to 10,000 pages . He contributed several papers to the Journal of the Royal Geographical Society , the Transactions of the Royal United Service Institution , and the Transactions of the Society of Arts . At the time of Sir John Franklin 's loss he sifted all the possible routes ; and as a member of the Arctic committee of the Royal Geographical Society worked on the arguments which induced the government to send out the Alert and Discovery expedition of 1875 . Findlay devoted much time to the labours of his friend David Livingstone , in central Africa , and he also investigated the sources of the Nile . For the record of the Burton and Speke explorations during 1858–59 he constructed a map of the routes traversed . In 1870 the Società Geografica Italiana elected him one of its foreign honorary members .
References
Archive Alexander Findlay , Royal museum of central Africa
Attribution
1812 births
1875 deaths
Publishers ( people ) from London
English hydrographers
English geographers
19th-century geographers
19th-century English businesspeople
Chocalho is the generic name for `` shaker '' in Portuguese . There are various types of idiophones using this name in Portuguese , not always being the same instrument :
a shaker ;
a kind of jingle stick used to play samba music ;
a cowbell ;
Chocalhos are typically used as a support to the sound of the pineapple caixas , to sustain the rhythm in the bateria . This instrument consists of an aluminum or wooden frame with a number of rows , each carrying pairs of jingles ( platinelas ) . The chocalho is played by shaking it back and forth and pumping the arms up and down .
Also known as Rocar .
Idiophones
Brazilian musical instruments
Bed & Breakfast is a 1992 American romantic comedy film directed by Robert Ellis Miller , and stars Roger Moore , Talia Shire , Colleen Dewhurst ( in her final film role ) and Nina Siemaszko . It began filming on York Beach , Maine in 1989 .
Plot
A charming Englishman changes the lives of three generations of women who run a near-bankrupt bed and breakfast . Three women find him out cold on a beach and offer him free board in return for fixing the place up and being the handy man . Claire , widow of Senator Blake Wellesly , is initially unwilling to let him in the house , partly due to the mystery around him caused by amnesia . Her mother-in-law Ruth , recently retired and craving adventure , insists on allowing him inside . Claire 's teenage daughter Cassie , who is rebellious against her mother 's old-fashioned behavior most of the time , names him Adam .
Cast
Roger Moore as Adam
Talia Shire as Claire Wellesly
Colleen Dewhurst as Ruth Wellesly
Nina Siemaszko as Cassie Wellesly
Ford Rainey as Amos
Stephen Root as Randolph
Jamie Walters as Mitch
Cameron Arnett as Hilton
Bryant Bradshaw as Julius
Victor Slezak as Alex Caxton
Jake Weber as Bobby
References
External links
1992 films
1992 romantic comedy films
American romantic comedy films
Films directed by Robert Ellis Miller
Films scored by David Shire
Films shot in Maine
1990s English-language films
1990s American films
A Jewish Girl in Shanghai ( ) is a 2010 Chinese animated family film written by Wu Lin and based on his graphic novel of the same name . It is directed by Wang Genfa and Zhang Zhenhui , and voiced by Cui Jie , Zhao Jing and Ma Shaohua .
Set mainly in and around the Shanghai Ghetto in Japanese-occupied Shanghai during the Second World War , the film tells the story of three children . Rina and her younger brother Mishalli are Jewish refugees who escaped Europe but are without their parents . A-Gen is a Chinese orphan boy who meets Rina and helps her and her brother to survive . The children form strong friendships and have adventures as they try and fend off the Japanese army occupying the city , and their allies , the Nazis . In the background , the Second Sino-Japanese War takes place , while the children must face the uncertainty that concerns the fate of Rina and Mishalli 's parents in Europe .
Well received in China and internationally , A Jewish Girl in Shanghai has been heralded as the first animated Chinese film to address the Holocaust , and has been described as `` China 's first homegrown Jewish film '' . The film has been nominated for awards in China and Israel , and has been considered an important step towards improving China 's relations with Israel and intercultural relations between the Chinese and Jewish peoples .
Plot
An old blue eyed lady arrives in modern-day Shanghai , holding an old locket .
Back in the 1940s , the children Rina and Mishalli , European Jews sought refuge within Shanghai Ghetto , having escaped the Nazis in their home Germany . A-Gen , was a Chinese boy who sold bread for a living . Rina gave her locket in exchange of food . A-Gen tries to find Rina to return her locket .
She was welcomed upon by A-Gen to his home , as he was raised by his father 's friend , who was once alongside his father , fought the Japanese , in which A-Gen 's father died .
Together , the three children live in Shanghai , until a collaborator reveal their location to the Japanese Army . A-Gen 's guardian held and allowed himself to be caught by the soldiers .
1945 , the Japanese surrendered . A-Gen sees his friend Rina one last time as she was taken to the ship back to Europe .
Rina is the old woman from the beginning , trying to search for A-Gen , who came as an old man .
Historical background
During the Second World War , approximately 20,000 Jewish refugees fleeing German-occupied Europe were given an area of approximately one square mile in the Hongkou District of Shanghai by the Japanese Empire , designated the Restricted Sector for Stateless Refugees , one of the poorest and most overcrowded areas of the city . Shanghai had previously had a small population of Baghdadi Jews and Russian Jews , the latter mostly having fled the Russian Empire as a result of anti-Jewish pogroms .
The new Ashkenazi Jews that immigrated to Shanghai began arriving from 1933 , firstly German Jews following the Nazi Party 's rise to power . Despite the cultural differences they faced , and restrictions imposed by the Japanese under Nazi pressure , the Jews of Shanghai survived the war unharmed , as the Japanese refused to hand them over to the Germans .
Following the end of the Second World War , many Jews who had sought refuge in Shanghai returned to Europe or decided to settle in countries with much larger Jewish populations , such as the United States and Palestine . Most of the Jews that chose to stay in Shanghai left shortly afterwards as a result of the resumption of the Chinese Civil War , and by the late 1950s very few Jews remained in Shanghai . As a result of Chinese economic growth in recent years , however , the city 's Jewish population has grown to around 1,500 in 2010 . This compares to a Jewish population of fewer than 100 around 20 years before .
Production
Wu , a former history teacher , first became interested in the history of Shanghai 's Jews , obscure to both Jews and Chinese alike , in 2005 . To mark the 60th anniversary of the end of the Second World War , many newspapers and magazines in Shanghai published the stories of Jewish refugees , seeing parallels between the Jewish and Chinese peoples ' oppression by the Germans and Japanese respectively . Wu had previously lived in Los Angeles , and he based the character of Mishalli on Jerry Moses , a Jewish American friend , originally from Breslau ( now Wrocław , Poland ) . Jerry Moses obtained a safe haven in Shanghai . Moses and other Jewish friends helped Wu to learn about Jewish religious practices . Wu has stated that his main reason for making the film was to let children know about what really happened , and to promote the story and the history so that people all over the world can learn from it .
The story was originally conceived for adults , but Wu decided to aim the film at children in the hope that the film could influence the future generation . Glenn Timmermans , the organiser of the Macau Jewish Film Festival , has stated that he believes the film 's intended age group is between around eight and fourteen years , though he notes its wider appeal . One of the film 's characters , a talking monkey , has been noted as one of the more child-orientated features of the film .
Wu first created a A Jewish Girl in Shanghai as a graphic novel , published in 2008 by East China Normal University Press . The graphic novel has been described as a `` great success '' by Wu , selling 4,000 copies in the first six months since its release , though , as it was only published in English , its Chinese market was naturally limited . Wu has stated that a Hebrew version of the graphic novel is under consideration .
In 2009 , Wu began work on a film adaptation to bring the work to a broader audience in China . The film , produced using 35 mm film , is , unlike the graphic novel , in Mandarin Chinese , and was developed by the Shanghai Film Group Corporation and the Shanghai Animation Film Studio . The film score was composed by Shi Jiayang .
Release
A Jewish Girl in Shanghai made its world premiere in Shanghai in May 2010 . The film began showing across China from 28 May . After a month following the film 's general release , it was being shown in 200 Chinese cinemas . When it was first shown in China , it was in front of 700 school pupils , who , according to Wu , `` laughed and cried several times '' . He described the emotional impact of the film as `` very rare for an animated film '' .
The film subsequently made its premiere in Macau on November 14 , 2010 at the Cultural Centre of the University of Macau , as part of the 1st Macau Jewish Film Festival . The Hong Kong premiere took place a week later , on November 21 , at the Jewish Community Centre on Robinson Road , as part of the 11th Hong Kong Jewish Film Festival .
The film 's Israeli premiere took place in July 2010 , when it was shown as part of the 27th Jerusalem Film Festival on July 13 and 14 . The film was well received by the Israeli audience .
The British premiere took place in November 2010 , when it was shown at the Tricycle Theatre in Kilburn , London . The film was first shown on November 20 as part of the 14th UK Jewish Film Festival . The film 's subtitles in English were noted as containing a few mistranslations and mistakes , including the anachronistic use of the word `` badass '' .
Reception
The critical reception to A Jewish Girl in Shanghai has been generally positive . The film was nominated for the Jewish Experience Award at the Jerusalem Film Festival , becoming the first Chinese film nominated for that award . At the China International Animation and Digital Arts Festival in Changzhou , Jiangsu , China , the film received the Golden Cartoon Award Best Chinese Film Prize .
The film 's animation has been widely praised , being described as `` beautifully drawn '' with `` breathtaking traditional animation '' and as being `` artfully created with traditional animated imagery '' .
The sensitive treatment of the Holocaust has also been commended : `` The fresh perspective of the main characters means that the events of the times are freed from clichéd depictions of the Holocaust and the viewer is able to draw their own conclusions . ''
Some criticism has been directed towards the historical grounding of the film . One flashback scene of the film , set in 1936 , sees Rina and Michaili , in what appears to be an alpine setting in Europe , escaping being bombed by Nazi planes , despite the date preceding the aerial warfare of the Second World War . Wu himself has said that the film is `` both true and untrue '' in that it is a composition of fiction and history ; `` the main characters were all based on real prototypes ... I ca n't promise it 's 100 % accurate , but I think it fits the background of the time . ''
The clothing of the Jews was notably inaccurate , especially in Europe , where the orthodox Jewish mother is wearing slacks and a T-shirt . The film also minimizes the Japanese role in saving most of these Jews . Most famously , 6,000 Lithuanian Jews were saved by Japanese Vice-Consul Chiune Sugihara in Vilna , many of whom live through the war in Shanghai .
Intercultural relations
A Jewish Girl in Shanghai has been praised by commentators for being a positive step towards improving Chinese–Jewish and Chinese–Israeli relations at a time where there is growing interest in China about Jewish life .
Wu has stated that only by remembering the past can friendship for the future be built , declaring that while `` the friendship between the Jewish people and the Chinese people is only a spray in the long river of world history '' , it is `` extremely meaningful because it took place in the hard times of anti-Fascism . ''
Sequel
In an interview with Asian Jewish Life , Wu revealed he was planning to write a sequel to A Jewish Girl in Shanghai , stating his intentions that the second animated work would tell the as-yet unseen story of Rina and Mishalli 's father . Wu explained the reason for this on the basis that he wrote `` the front of the face and now need to write from the back . ''
See also
Shanghai Ghetto ( film )
References
External links
Chinese animated films
Animated films based on manhua
Films set in Shanghai
Films set in the 1930s
Films set in the 1940s
History of Shanghai
Holocaust films
Films about refugees
Jewish Chinese history
Second Sino-Japanese War films
Chinese World War II films
2010 animated films
2010 films
Jews and Judaism in Shanghai
2010s Mandarin-language films
Under the average cost method , it is assumed that the cost of inventory is based on the average cost of the goods available for sale during the period .
The average cost is computed by dividing the total cost of goods available for sale by the total units available for sale . This gives a weighted-average unit cost that is applied to the units in the ending inventory .
There are two commonly used average cost methods : Simple weighted-average cost method and perpetual weighted-average cost method .
Weighted average cost
Weighted average cost is a method of calculating ending inventory cost . It can also be referred to as `` WAVCO '' .
It takes cost of goods available for sale and divides it by the number of units available for sale ( number of goods from beginning inventory + purchases/production ) . This gives a weighted average cost per unit . A physical count is then performed on the ending inventory to determine the number of goods left . Finally , this quantity is multiplied by weighted average cost per unit to give an estimate of ending inventory cost . The cost of goods sold valuation is the amount of goods sold times the weighted average cost per unit . The sum of these two amounts ( less a rounding error ) equals the total actual cost of all purchases and beginning inventory .
Moving-average cost
Moving-average ( unit ) cost is a method of calculating ending inventory cost .
Assume that both beginning inventory and beginning inventory cost are known . From them the cost per unit of beginning inventory can be calculated . During the year , multiple purchases are made . Each time , purchase costs are added to beginning inventory cost to get cost of current inventory . Similarly , the number of units bought is added to beginning inventory to get current goods available for sale . After each purchase , cost of current inventory is divided by current goods available for sale to get current cost per unit on goods .
Also during the year , multiple sales happen . The Current goods available for sale is deducted by the amount of goods sold , and the cost of current inventory is deducted by the amount of goods sold times the latest ( before this sale ) current cost per unit on goods . This deducted amount is added to cost of goods sold .
At the end of the year , the last Cost per Unit on Goods , along with a physical count , is used to determine ending inventory cost .
See also
FIFO and LIFO accounting
Income statement
Inventory
Specific identification
References
Intermediate Accounting 8th Canadian Edition , page 447 , Kieso , Weygandt , Warfield , Young , Wiecek , John Wiley & Sons Canada , Ltd , 2007 ,
Accounting systems
Inventory
Management accounting
Senator Angel may refer to :
Denise Harper Angel ( born 1953 ) , Kentucky State Senate
Jan Angel , Washington State Senate
Wilkes Angel ( 1817–1889 ) , New York State Senate
See also
Homer D. Angell ( 1875–1968 ) , Oregon State Senate
The Armenian name , transliterated Varoujan ( in Western Armenian ) , Varujan , or Varuzhan ( ) , is both a masculine given name and a surname . It may refer to :
Varoujan
Varoujan Garabedian ( born 1954 ) , Syrian-Armenian activist
Varoujan Hakhbandian , Iranian composer and songwriter of Armenian descent
Varoujan Hergelian ( born 1946 ) , Archbishop , Catholicosal Vicar of the Armenian Prelature of Cyprus
Varoujan Koroghlian ( born 1987 )
American musician from The Apocalyptic Fist Of The Black Death
Varujan
Daniel Varujan ( 1884–1915 ) , ( Taniel Varoujan in Western Armenian ) , Armenian poet
Varujan Boghosian ( born 1926 ) , American sculptor
Varujan Kojian ( 1935–1993 ) , American conductor
Varujan Vosganian ( born 1958 ) , Romanian politician , economist , essayist and poet
Varuzhan
Varuzhan Akobian ( born 1983 ) , Armenian-American chess grandmaster
Varuzhan Sukiasyan ( born 1956 ) , Armenian footballer and manager
Varuzhan Yepremyan ( born 1959 ) , Armenian painter
Armenian masculine given names
Armenian-language surnames
Nicolaus August Otto ( 10 June 1832 , Holzhausen an der Haide , Nassau – 26 January 1891 , Cologne ) was a German engineer who successfully developed the compressed charge internal combustion engine which ran on petroleum gas and led to the modern internal combustion engine . The Association of German Engineers ( VDI ) created DIN standard 1940 which says `` Otto Engine : internal combustion engine in which the ignition of the compressed fuel-air mixture is initiated by a timed spark '' , which has been applied to all engines of this type since .
Biography
Nicolaus August Otto was born on 10 June 1832 in Holzhausen an der Haide , Germany . He was the youngest of six children . His father died in 1832 . He began school in 1838 . After six years of good performance he moved to the high school in Langenschwalbach until 1848 . He did not complete his studies but was cited for good performance .
His main interest in school had been in science and technology but he graduated after three years as a business apprentice in a small merchandise company . After completing his apprenticeship he moved to Frankfurt where he worked for Philipp Jakob Lindheimer as a salesman of colonial goods and agricultural products ( he was a grocery salesman ) . Otto worked for various companies , first for IC Alpeter and then in 1860 for Carl Mertens . He traveled throughout Western Germany and sold colonial goods—coffee , tea , rice , and sugar .
Lenoir engine
In late autumn of 1860 Otto and his brother learned of a novel gas ( illuminating gas ) engine that Jean Joseph Etienne Lenoir had built in Paris . The brothers built a copy of the Lenoir engine and applied for a patent in January 1861 for a liquid fueled engine based on the Lenoir ( Gas ) engine with the Prussian Ministry of Commerce , but it was rejected .
First four-stroke engine , 1861
Otto was aware of the concept of compressed fuel charge and tried to make an engine using this principle in 1861 . It ran for just a few minutes before breaking . Otto 's brother gave up on the concept , resulting in Otto looking for help elsewhere .
From 1862 to 1863 Otto experimented with the help of Cologne Mechanic Michael J. Zons in an effort to improve the engine . Running low on funds , in 1862 Otto worked for Carl Mertens in order to continue work on his engine .
Partnership with Eugen Langen
Early in 1864 , Otto sought investors to fund his research . He found Eugen Langen , whose father was a sugar industrialist . Together they entered into a partnership on 31 March 1864 and named it NA Otto & Cie in Cologne . This was the world 's first company focused entirely on the design and production of internal combustion engines .
The 1864 Otto & Langen engine was a free piston atmospheric engine ( the explosion of gas was used to create a vacuum and the power came from atmospheric pressure returning the piston ) . It consumed less than half the gas of the Lenoir and Hugon atmospheric engines and so was a commercial success . The Lenoir engine was a double acting engine . In essence these engines are a steam engine altered to run on illuminating gas . The engines of Italian inventors Eugenio Barsanti and Felice Matteucci in their British Patent no 1625 of 1857 , were built and are in a museum . Unlike Otto 's engine these are two stroke atmospheric engines which are not in any way comparable .
Lenoir 's engines were the first to be put into serial production with numbers sold being around 700 .
The Otto engine which is the predecessor of the modern engine as specified by the VDI is Otto 's fourth design . He built the following engines :
1861 : a copy of Lenoir 's atmospheric engine
1862 : a four cycle compressed charge engine ( prior to Rochas 's patent ) which failed as it broke almost immediately
1864 : the first successful atmospheric engine
1876 : the four stroke compressed charge engine which is acknowledged as the `` Otto '' cycle engine . The term `` Otto cycle '' is applied to all compressed charge , four-cycle engines .
For all its commercial success , with the company producing 634 engines a year by 1875 , the Otto and Langen engine had hit a technical dead end : it produced only , yet required headroom to operate .
Otto turned his attention to the four stroke cycle at which he had failed in 1862 . Largely due to the efforts of Franz Rings and Herman Schumm , who were brought into the company by Gottlieb Daimler Otto succeeded in making the Four Stroke , Compressed Charge engine . It is this engine ( the Otto Silent Engine ) , and not the Otto & Langen engine , to which the `` Otto cycle '' refers . This was the first commercially successful engine to use in-cylinder compression . The Rings-Schumm engine appeared in autumn 1876 and was immediately successful .
Otto married Anna Gossi and the couple had seven recorded children . His son Gustav Otto grew up to become an aircraft builder .
The Otto cycle
The Otto engine was designed as a stationary engine and in the action of the engine , the stroke is an upward or downward movement of a piston in a cylinder . Used later in an adapted form as an automobile engine , four strokes are involved :
( 1 ) downward intake stroke—coal-gas and air enter the piston combustion chamber ,
( 2 ) upward compression stroke—the piston compresses the mixture ,
( 3 ) downward power stroke—ignites the fuel mixture by flame and later electric spark ,
( 4 ) upward exhaust stroke—releases exhaust gas from the piston chamber .
Otto only sold his engine as a stationary motor .
Earlier patents
Otto had obtained many patents from several different nations and for several different features . When his former manager Gottlieb Daimler wanted to build small engines for transportation Otto showed no interest . Daimler left and took Maybach with him . Daimler had no desire to pay royalties to Otto ( Deutz AG ) and so hired a lawyer to find a solution . What the lawyer found was a patent for the concept of a four-cycle engine that had been issued to Beau De Rochas , a French engineer , in 1862 . This resulted in Otto losing one of his patents and allowed Daimler to sell his engines in Germany without paying royalties . Neither Otto nor Daimler were aware of the Rochas patent . Rochas never built an engine . It is likely he could not have done so .
Several of the inventions that are sometimes mentioned as having preceded the Otto engine , such as Marcus , Barsanti , etc . are for two cycle ( two stroke ) atmospheric engines which do not compress the fuel charge . Otto 's atmospheric engine is not the VDI ( and other associations ) Otto engine type . The only significant engines were those from Lenoir . His engines were the first to go into serial production . Lenoir eventually sold approximately 700 engines .
Production
Over 50,000 engines were produced in the 17 years following introduction .
Honors
Otto received numerous honors for his engines .
The 1864 atmospheric engine won the gold medal in the 1867 World Exhibition in Paris .
In 1882 Otto received an Honorary Doctorate from the University of Würzburg .
His home has been turned into a museum which is promoted by the local government .
in 1936 Professor Nagël , head of the Association of German Engineers , decreed that DIN Standard 1940 specify that `` Ottomotor '' applies to all engines that draw in a fuel mix , compress it and ignite it by special device , thus replacing the terms such terms as `` explosion motor '' , `` detonation engine '' , `` benzine engine '' , and `` ignition engine . ''
Milestones
1862 : First experiments with four-stroke engines
1864 : Establishing the first engine factory in the world : NA Otto Cie
1867 : Gold Medal of the World Exhibition in Paris for the gas engine
1869 : The company relocates and changes its name to Langen , Otto , and Roosen
1872 : The company relocates to larger facilities and changes its name to Deutz Gasmotoren Fabrik
1876 : Development of four-stroke engine ( Otto-motor )
1882 : Production of the Atmospheric engine is discontinued after 2649 were made
1884 : Nicolaus Otto invents the electric ignition
1885 : Gottlieb Daimler and Karl Benz built the first automobiles using liquid petroleum engines .
See also
History of the internal combustion engine
German inventors and discoverers
References
Wise , David Burgess . `` Daimler : Founder of the Four-Wheeler '' , in Northey , Tom , ed . World of Automobiles Volume 5 , pp . 481–3 . London : Orbis , 1974 .
External links
—1877
1832 births
1891 deaths
19th-century German inventors
German company founders
19th-century German businesspeople
German industrialists
People associated with the internal combustion engine
Articles containing video clips
Catiuscia is a feminine given name in the Italian language .
List of people with the given name
Catiuscia Grillo ( born 1996 ) , Italian professional racing cyclist
Catiuscia Marini ( born 1967 ) , Italian politician who served as President of Umbria from 2010 to 2019
Catiuscia Ricciarelli ( born 1946 ) , birth name of Katia Ricciarelli , the Italian opera singer
Italian feminine given names
Gary Weir Hill ( October 7 , 1941 – January 17 , 2009 ) was an American professional basketball player . Before playing professional basketball in the NBA , Hill came from Rocky , Oklahoma , where Bud , Henry and Ron Koper , Jay and Dennis Harris and Steve Fite came from before starring at Oklahoma City University . They became known as the Rocky Rockets . Hill scored 2,739 points and averaged 24.5 points , setting state records and becoming an all-American during his high-school career .
College career
Hill played for Oklahoma City University from 1959 to 1963 with Coach Abe Lemons ( Lemons was later the head coach at the University of Texas ) , and Assistant Coach Paul Hansen ( Hansen was later the head coach of Oklahoma State University ) .
As a junior , Hill scored 17.4 points a game , becoming one of four on that team who averaged double figures in points . Senior Larry Jones was OCU 's leading scorer at 19.7 points a game , sophomore Bud Koper added 15.9 points a game and senior Eugene Tsoodle averaged 14 points a game in 1961–62 . That was the first time in program history an OCU team featured four double-digit scorers for the season . The 1961–62 Chiefs averaged 82.1 points a game , the most in a season by any college basketball team in Oklahoma to that point .
Hill scored 21.1 points a game as a senior in 1962–63 . OCU 's team was billed as the tallest ever in college basketball to that point with an average height of 6-foot-7 and one fifth .
In 1962–63 , OCU went 19-10 and advanced to the NCAA Tournament for the first time in six years , finishing fourth in the NCAA Midwest Regional in Lawrence , Kansas . The Chiefs had a 13-game win streak . Hill scored nine of his team 's final 11 points against in a 70-67 win over Colorado State in the NCAA Tournament at Lubbock , Texas .
Hill , 6-foot-4 , 185 lb guard , was known as an outstanding ball handler , great defensive player and a high-percentage shooter . He was named All-American by the Helms Foundation . { Source Oklahoma City University Athletic Department }
Hill played in the East-West NCAA all-American game in Lexington , Kentucky , and scored a game-high 18 points . He was also an alternate on the Pan American team .
Along with his coach Abe Lemons , Hill was part of the inaugural class of the OCU athletic hall of fame in 1979 . Other members of that class were Bud Koper , Farrell Craig , Paul Hansen , Hub Reed and Arnold Short . Hill played for OCU from 1959–63 .
Professional career
The San Francisco Warriors selected Hill as the 3rd pick in the second round of the 1963 NBA draft , 11th overall , and the 2nd pick by the Warriors behind Basketball Hall of Famer Nate Thurmond .
Hill was on the 1963–64 San Francisco Warriors team who finished first in the NBA Western Division and featured Wilt Chamberlain , Al Attles , and Nate Thurmond . Hill spent two years playing in the NBA for the Warriors and the Baltimore Bullets .
External links
Gary Hill statistics at basketball-reference.com
Gary Hill 's obituary
1941 births
2009 deaths
American men 's basketball players
Baltimore Bullets ( 1963–1973 ) players
Basketball players from Oklahoma
Guards ( basketball )
Oklahoma City Stars men 's basketball players
San Francisco Warriors draft picks
San Francisco Warriors players
Limatula maoria is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Limidae .
References
Powell A. W. B. , New Zealand Mollusca , William Collins Publishers Ltd , Auckland , New Zealand 1979
Limidae
Bivalves of New Zealand
Jim Miles may refer to :
Jim Miles ( politician ) ( born 1941 ) , politician
Jim Miles ( baseball ) ( born 1943 ) , pitcher in Major League Baseball
James John Miles ( born 1959 ) , Professor of Computer engineering at the University of Manchester
See also
James Miles ( disambiguation )
Procidis is a French animation studio , founded by Albert Barillé , which among other things produced the educational series Once Upon a Time ... ( Man 1978 , Space 1982 , Life 1987 , The Americas 1992 , The Discoverers 1994 , The Explorers 1997 , Music 2007 , and Planet Earth 2008 ) . Its programs are sold in more than 100 countries . The last series launched that was translated into English was `` Les Zooriginaux '' ( Wild Instinct ) , which was released in 2001 in France , Belgium , Germany , Italy , and the United Kingdom . The Music ( Spanish ) and Planet Earth ( French ) series have not yet been translated into English .
References
External links
Official website
French companies established in 1978
Once Upon a Time ...
French animation studios
The 1912–13 Ohio Bobcats men 's basketball team represented Ohio University . C.M . Douthit was the head coach for Ohio . The Bobcats played their home games in Ohio Gymnasium .
Schedule
|-
! colspan=9 style= '' background : # 006A4D ; color : white ; '' | Non-conference regular season
References
Ohio Record Book
Ohio Basketball at 100
OAC History
Ohio Bobcats men 's basketball seasons
Ohio
Ohio Bobcats
Ohio Bobcats
USS Washington was a large row galley , with a rowing crew of 60 , that was placed into service under the control of the Continental Congress in 1776 . During this age of sail , row galleys were highly maneuverable compared to sailing ships whose movements were dependent on the wind . Washingtons war record consisted of an attack on several British warships , and , after finding itself on the losing side of the battle , the row galley rowed away , out of danger . There is no further report of her efforts for the Continental Navy .
Authorized by Rhode Island
In the autumn of 1775 , the Rhode Island General Assembly ordered the construction of two row galleys , Washington and Spitfire , and in January 1776 appointed John Grimes commodore of galleys . During the winter and spring of 1776 , these galleys operated in Narragansett Bay , protecting the colony 's shipping , carrying troops , and covering foraging parties seeking supplies .
The General Assembly voted and resolved that ;
Seeking battle with the British
In July , the galleys were sent to New York City to join the tiny flotilla George Washington was fitting out on the Hudson River and apparently came under Continental control .
On the afternoon of 3 August , Washington served as flagship for Lieutenant Colonel Benjamin Tupper as that officer led an attack on the Royal Navy 's warships Phoenix and Rose . As the galleys approached , Phoenix opened fire on the American boats to begin an action at grapeshot range which lasted some two hours before the Americans retired to Dobb 's Ferry . During the engagement , four Americans were killed , and 14 others were wounded . On the British side , Phoenix was hulled twice and suffered substantial damage .
Fate
There is no record of Washington and her sister galleys after the British captured Manhattan Island late in the summer .
See also
Captain Abraham Godwin , Captain of Marines
References
Sources
External links
Row galleys of the Continental Navy
Ships of the Continental Navy
Rhode Island in the American Revolution
Ships built in Rhode Island
1776 ships
Ships named for Founding Fathers of the United States
The Humanitarian League was a British radical advocacy group formed by Henry S. Salt and others to promote the principle that it is wrong to inflict avoidable suffering on any sentient being . It was based in London and operated between 1891 and 1919 .
Background
Howard Williams , the author of The Ethics of Diet ( 1883 ) , a history of vegetarianism , proposed in the book the concept of a `` humane society with a wider scope than any previously existing body '' . William 's idea was developed by fellow writer and advocate , Henry S. Salt , in an 1889 article on humanitarianism .
History
The League was formed by Henry S. Salt , who was also the General Secretary and Editor . Other founding members included Edward Maitland , Ernest Bell ( Chairman ) , Howard Williams , Kenneth Romanes and Alice Lewis ( Treasurer ) . The League 's inaugural meeting , in 1891 , was held at the house of Alice Lewis , 14 Park Square , London , who remained Treasurer for the League 's entire existence . Many of its founders were also members of the Shelley Society .
Its aim was to enforce the principle that it is iniquitous to inflict avoidable suffering on any sentient being ; their manifesto stated : The Humanitarian League has been established on the basis of an intelligible and consistent principle of humaneness – that it is iniquitous to inflict suffering , directly or indirectly , on any sentient being , except when self-defence or absolute necessity can justly be pleaded.The League opposed both corporal and capital punishment . Its other objectives included the banning of all hunting as a sport , and it was also strongly opposed to vivisection . The Humanitarian League thus anticipated the modern animal rights movement ; many of its members were vegetarians . However , the League was not confined to animal protection . They were also responsible for the advancement of human rights . For example , they were largely behind the banning of flogging with birch in the Royal Navy in 1906 and campaigning to amend the law relating to imprisonment for debt and other non-criminal offences . The League also opposed flogging in schools , vaccinations because of the pain , and the wearing of feathers and fur .
The League spread its ideas through two journals , Humanity ( 1895–1902 ) , which was later renamed The Humanitarian ( 1902–1919 ) and a quarterly The Humane Review ( 1900–1910 ) .
During the First World War , the League 's membership and output of publications were reduced in number .
The League closed down in 1919 , following the death of Salt 's wife .
Legacy
In 2013 , The Humanitarian League was registered as an organisation in Hong Kong . It operates alongside the Ernest Bell Library , republishing historical humanitarian pamphlets and books .
Notable people associated with the League
Notable members and supporters of the League included Annie Besant , W. H. Hudson , Sydney Olivier , George Bernard Shaw , Edward Carpenter , Colonel William Lisle Blenkinsopp Coulson , John Galsworthy , Leo Tolstoy , J. Howard Moore , Ralph Waldo Trine , Ernest Howard Crosby , Alice Park , Clarence Darrow , Keir Hardie , Thomas Hardy , Bertram Lloyd , Edith Carrington , Christabel Pankhurst , Tom Mann , Enid Stacy , Carl Heath , Thomas Baty , George Ives , John Dillon , Lizzy Lind af Hageby , Stella Browne , Charlotte Despard , Isabella Ford , Anne Cobden-Sanderson , Michael Davitt , Alfred Russel Wallace , G. W. Foote , Conrad Noel , John Page Hopps , Josiah Oldfield , Jessey Wade ( Honorary Secretary of the Children 's Department ; 1906–1919 ) , Henry John Williams ( Humane Diet department ) and Henry B. Amos .
Publications
Books
Moore , J. Howard . The Universal Kinship ( Humanitarian League , 1906 )
Pamphlets
Salt , Henry S. Literae Humaniores : An Appeal to Teachers ( William Reeves , 1894 )
Collinson , Joseph . The Fate of the Fur Seal ( William Reeves ; Humanitarian League , 1902 )
Dickerson , Philip . The Eton College Hare-Hunt ( Humanitarian League , 1904 )
Salt , Henry S. Humanitarianism : Its General Principles and Progress ( Humanitarian League , 1906 )
Salt , Henry S. The Case Against Corporal Punishment ( Humanitarian League , 1912 )
Salt , Henry S . ( ed . ) Killing for Sport : Essays by Various Writers ( G. Bell & Sons , 1915 )
See also
Progressive League , a later group operating on the same basis
Ethical Union , now known as Humanists UK , its sister organisation
List of animal rights groups
References
External links
Aims and objects of the Humanitarian League
Humanitarian League Publications
The Humanitarian League , 1891–1919
Biography of Henry S. Salt
The Humane Review :
Volume 2 ; 1901
Volume 3 : April , 1902 to January , 1903
Volume 7 : April , 1906 to January , 1907
1891 establishments in England
1919 disestablishments in England
Animal rights organizations
Animal welfare organisations based in the United Kingdom
Anti–death penalty organizations
Anti-hunting organizations
Anti-vaccination organizations
Anti-vivisection organizations
Defunct organisations based in London
Organizations established in 1891
Political advocacy groups in England
Prison reform
Maintain involves functional checks and servicing .
Maintain may also refer to :
Maintainability , the ease in engineering
Olu Maintain , a Nigerian artist
`` Maintain '' ( song ) , a 2018 single by Belly featuring Nav
See also
Maintenance ( disambiguation )
Radical 72 or radical sun ( ) meaning `` sun '' or `` day '' is one of the 34 Kangxi radicals ( 214 radicals in total ) composed of 4 strokes .
In the Kangxi Dictionary , there are 453 characters ( out of 49,030 ) to be found under this radical .
is also the 75th indexing component in the Table of Indexing Chinese Character Components predominantly adopted by Simplified Chinese dictionaries published in mainland China , with ( formerly Kangxi Radical 73 `` say '' ) and being its associated indexing components .
Evolution
Derived characters
Literature
External links
Unihan Database - U+65E5
072
075
Garden 5 ( hangul : 가든파이브 ) in Songpa-gu , Seoul is one of South Korea 's largest cultural centers . It includes the Garden 5 shopping mall , a multiplex cinema , wedding and art halls , and the NC department store . Garden 5 was opened in 2009 and built by Seoul Housing Corporation .
Garden 5 is served by Jangji station on line 8 of the Seoul Subway .
It was used as one of the movie lots for the movie Take Off .
External links
Garden 5 English Page
Tourist attractions in Seoul
Buildings and structures in Seoul
Spelthorne Sports F.C . is a football club based in the borough of Spelthorne . They play in the .
History
Spelthorne Sports Football Club , nicknamed The Spelly , was formed in 1922 . The team won the Surrey Elite Intermediate League in the 2010–11 season , gaining promotion to Division One of the Combined Counties League . As well as winning the Surrey Elite Intermediate League title in 2011 , the club also won the League Challenge Cup , beating Ripley F.C . in the final .
In 2013–14 The Spelly won the Middlesex FA Intermediate Cup , beating Middlesex County Premier side Cricklewood Wanderers 3–0 in the Final .
Second half goals from Robert Smith ( 2 ) , and Lee Staples ensured the victory . The match played at North Greenford United on 26 March 2014 .
On 16 April 2014 , Spelthorne Sports were crowned Combined Counties Division One Champions with a 2–1 win away to Epsom Athletic . They lifted the trophy 3 days later following an emphatic 7–0 win at home to local rivals Staines Lammas .
The Spelly also won the RPM Records Division One Challenge Cup against Staines Lammas at Windsor FC on 5 May 2014 .
A single second half Lee Staples goal was enough to make sure The Spelly lifted the trophy , winning the league and cup treble in the process .
The team went on a phenomenal 46 game unbeaten runs in all competitions that season , beating teams in cup competitions from higher divisions such as Frimley Green , Staines Town ( on pens ) , Walton Casuals , Wembley , and Epsom & Ewell ( on pens ) .
That unbeaten run finally came to an end on 7 May 2014 when they played Combined Counties Premier Division side Hanworth Villa in the Southern Combination Cup Final , losing 1–0 . The game was played at home and marked the club 's first ever game under the newly installed floodlights .
The lads then suffered their second defeat of the season to the same opposition when the sides met again 3 days later in the Cherry Red Records Premier Challenge Cup Final , again losing 1–0 .
The 2013–14 season was extremely successful for Spelthorne Sports . Winning two cup finals , and finishing runners-up in another two cup finals .
However the biggest achievement by far was winning the league without losing a single game in the process .
Winning 22 , drawing 8 , losing 0 , scoring 92 , and conceding 23 .
In the 2018–19 FA Vase , Spelthorne Sports were drawn against de facto reserve side AFC Spelthorne Sports , winning 4–1 .
Ground
Their home ground is the Spelthorne Sports Club , 296 Staines Road West , Ashford Common , Ashford , Middlesex TW15 1RY .
The ground does have floodlights , along with a covered seating area holding 50 seats behind the goal at the clubhouse end . On 2 April 2014 the club passed the necessary ground grading inspection which means it is at the grade ' G ' required for playing at step six of the National League System , .
Staff
1st Team Manager – Mark Harper
1st Team Coach/Assistant Manager – Daren Bulman
1st Assistant Manager - Andrew Viney
Club Physio –
Honours
League honours
Surrey Elite Intermediate League
Champions : 2010–11
Combined Counties League Division One
Champions : 2013–14
Cup honours
Southern Combination Cup
Runners-up : 2012–13 , 2013–14
Middlesex FA Intermediate Cup
Winners : 2013–14
RPM Records Division One Challenge Cup
Winners : 2013–14
Cherry Red Records Premier Challenge Cup
Runners-up : 2013–14
References
External links
Spelthorne Sports F.C . official website
Football clubs in Surrey
Football clubs in England
Association football clubs established in 1922
1922 establishments in England
Surrey Elite Intermediate Football League
Combined Counties Football League
Borough of Spelthorne
The Lady Slavey was an 1894 operetta in two acts with a score by John Crook ( with contributions by Henry Wood and Letty Lind , among others ) , to a libretto by George Dance ( with additional lyrics by Adrian Ross , among others ) which opened at the Royal Avenue Theatre in London on 20 October 1894 and which featured May Yohé and Jennie McNulty . After a major rewrite to make it more suitable for American audiences it opened at the Casino Theatre on Broadway on 3 February 1896 where it ran for 128 performances with additional lyrics by Hugh Morton and music by Gustave Adolph Kerker .
Synopsis
Based on the story of Cinderella , Irishman Major O'Neill ( Robert Pateman ) is faced with bankruptcy and financial ruin after running up large milliners bills for his daughters Maud ( Adelaide Astor ) and Beatrice ( Blanche Barnett ) . In an attempt to stave off this disaster , with the assistance of Flo Honeydew ( Jennie McNulty ) he attempts to marry off his youngest daughter Phyllis ( May Yohé ) - the slavey of the title - to a rich man she does n't love . Phyllis loves Vincent A. Evelyn ( Henry Beaumont ) . She , assisted by Roberts , a Sheriff 's Officer ( Charles Danby ) is determined to avoid this fate . Roberts enters disguised as an American millionaire to thwart the plan . All ends well and Phyllis is united with her true love .
Productions
After its premiere at the Opera House in Northampton in 1893 The Lady Slavey was produced by William Greet at the Royal Avenue Theatre in London from October 1894 to January 1895 with Henry Wood as the conductor . The role of Phyllis in the first tour of 1893 was created by Kitty Loftus . During an early stage of one of the show 's various British tours from 1893 to 1907 the conductor was Howard Talbot .
The Lady Slavey had a lot of competition in London in 1894 , which saw the openings of The Chieftain by Arthur Sullivan and F. C. Burnand , His Excellency by F. Osmond Carr and W. S. Gilbert , Go-Bang by Adrian Ross and Carr , Wapping Old Stairs by Stuart Robertson and Howard Talbot , a revival of Little Jack Sheppard by Meyer Lutz and H. P. Stephens at the Gaiety Theatre , Mirette by André Messager and Ross , and The Shop Girl , an extremely successful musical comedy by H. J. W. Dam , Ivan Caryll , Lionel Monckton and Ross .
The critic for The Sketch wrote :
`` Mr. William Greet , in producing The Lady Slavey at the Avenue Theatre , seemed like a rash man . Success seems to have justified his rashness . Yet , at first , failure seemed to be the certain fate of The Lady Slavey . It is a striking proof of the vitality of the work that it survived the harsh notices of the critics and cold reception of the first-nighters . To a great extent , it is a question of company . Miss May Yohé 's singing does not satisfy the exacting critics , nor does her acting endanger other reputations ; but her strange voice , her charming person , and unflagging spirits quickly catch and hold the audience . Mr. Charles Danby 's dictionary probably does not contain the word `` subtlety '' , yet his vast energy and broad sense of humour are far more useful , and certainly , whatever you may think of the means he uses , he is one of the funniest players in his line . Cinderella 's `` Sisters '' are a delightful change from old ideas . Perhaps they rather hurt the tale , for the admirable singing of the handsome Miss Blanche Barnett and the dainty dancing of Miss Adelaide Astor make them dangerous rivals for the heroine . Mr. Robert Pateman , one of our most versatile and able players - who will forget his `` horse '' song in Mdlle . Nitouche , or his terrible death scene in the Princesses ' melodrama Master and Man ? - might have a better part with advantage to the work . The acting of Mr. G. Humphrey is also very clever . ''
The Lady Slavey had a run of less than a week at the Lafayette Square Opera House in Washington D.C. before George Lederer 's production opened at the Casino Theatre on Broadway on 3 February 1896 where it ran for 128 performances . Lederer instructed Dance to `` Americanize '' the piece and it was put on with new lyrics by Hugh Morton and a score by Gustave Adolph Kerker . The lazy Sheriff Dan Daly is set the task of reclaiming the estate of a bankrupt Englishman . In an attempt to stave of financial ruin the Englishman tries to marry off his daughter , the slavey of the title ( Virginia Earle ) to a wealthy young heir with the assistance of Flo Honeydew ( Marie Dressler ) .
The actress Marie Dressler had her first starring role as Flo Honeydew in this production which she performed for four years , two years of which were on tour . The critic of The New York Times called Dressler , `` ... an utterly preposterous music hall performer '' while another stated of her , `` It was hardly a case of acting . Better call it a case of letting herself go ... She seemed a big , overgrown girl and a thoroughly mischievous romp with the agility of a circus performer and the physical elasticity of a professional contortionist ... Her comic resource was inexhaustible , her animal spirits irrepressible and her audacity approached the sublime . ''
A production was held at the Prince 's Theatre in Bristol ( 1893-1894 ) , while in 1897 Robert Courtneidge revived The Lady Slavey at the Prince 's Theatre in Manchester . In 1900 the actress Madge Lessing played the title role when the work was revived in Boston in the USA .
London Cast
Roberts ( a Sheriff 's Officer ) - Charles Danby
Major O'Neill - Robert Pateman
Vincent A. Evelyn - Henry Beaumont/James Leverett
Lord Lavender - Herbert Sparling
Captain Fitz Norris ( a Sheriff 's Officer ) - George Humphrey ]
Flo Honeydew - Jennie McNulty
Maud ( Major O'Neill 's Daughter ) - Adelaide Astor/Lizzie Ruggles
Beatrice ( Major O'Neill 's Daughter ) - Blanche Barnett/Beatrice Granville
Madame Pontet ( Milliner ) - Miss Elcho
Madame Louise ( Milliner ) - Irene Du Foye
Liza ( a Flower Girl ) - Miss Maryon/Rita Yorke/Julie Donna
Emma ( a Laundress ) - Phoebe Turner/Miss Desmond
Phyllis ( The Lady Slavey ) - May Yohé
New York Cast
The cast at the Casino Theatre in New York in 1896 included :
Roberts - Charles Danby
William Endymion Sykes - Dan Daly
Vincent Evelyn - Charles Dickson
Major Tolliver - Henry Norman
Lord Lavender - Richard Carle
Ikey Dinkelbinkel - Charles Kirke
Artemus Snipe - Nicholas Burnham
Phyllis - Virginia Earle
Flo Honeydew - Marie Dressler
Beatrice - Linda da Costa
Maud - Delia Stacey
Marjorie - Mabelle Wallace Howe
Songs
ACT I - The Lawn of the Manor House , Rookholme
No . 1 - Chorus - `` We 're sorry to trouble you , Major O'Neill , but duty compels us to call ''
No . 2 - Major O'Neill & Chorus - `` Of all the noble Irishmen upon the scroll of fame , St. Patrick stands pre-eminent ''
No . 3 - Phyllis - `` Was there ever any poor girl so run after ? I ca n't imagine why it should be so '' ( Words by Joseph Watson to music by Mary Watson )
No . 4 - Song and Chorus ( soloist unspecified ) - `` Oh ! list to me in silence while in solemn tones I tell ''
No . 5 - Beatrice and Vincent - `` Why love in secret ? Why not confess '' ( Music by George Dance , Henry Wood and Joseph Hart )
No . 6 - Finale Act I - `` One , two , three , four , five . Five o'clock chimes from the ivory tower ''
Act II - Reception Hall at the Manor House , Rookholme
No . 7 - Chorus - `` Nature doth fashion the Lord and the Lady , hence our refinement of elegant skill ''
No . 8 - Vincent - `` Must we say farewell , dear heart ? Must we part in bitter sorrow ? '' ( Music by George Dance and Charles Graham )
No . 9 - Phyllis - `` How throbs my heart when I recall that last and long 'goodbye ' '' ( Music by Frank S. N. Isitt )
No . 10 - Roberts & Phyllis - `` It is a wise young child , they say , that knows its own papa '' ( eight verses )
No . 11 - The Animal Duet - Roberts & Phyllis - `` Each bird and beast upon the earth salutes its mate in song '' ( six verses )
No . 12 - Chorus - `` Welcome , welcome Millionaire , be he plain or be he fair , wealth doth each defect repair ''
No . 13 - Roberts and Chorus - `` Guess you fancy I 'm no wonder , guess again , you ai n't correct ''
No . 14 - Song and Chorus ( soloist unspecified ) - `` Lo , the golden sun is setting , all the world is hush 'd and still ''
No . 15 - Phyllis - `` I have left the old plantation now , 't is many years ago '' ( Words by Herbert Walther to music by Alfred Cammeyer )
No . 16 - Song and Dance - Maud - `` When quite a little girl , in shorter frocks than these '' ( Words by Adrian Ross to music by Letty Lind )
No . 17 - Phyllis - `` Of all the sports , there 's none can beat a ride upon a Fee ''
No . 18 - Finale Act II - `` My darling Phyllis I have won ... a lucky girl is she ''
References
1894 musicals
West End musicals
Original musicals
English comic operas
Christopher Mark Grammer ( born 1 October 1984 ) is an English former first-class cricketer .
Grammer was born at Brighton in October 1984 . He was educated at Brighton College , before going up to Homerton College , Cambridge . While studying at Cambridge , he played first-class cricket for both Cambridge University and Cambridge UCCE in 2009 , making three appearances for Cambridge UCCE against Yorkshire , Sussex and Essex , in addition to playing for Cambridge University against Oxford in The University Match at Fenner 's . He scored 97 runs for Cambridge UCCE , with a high score of 64 ,
Notes and references
External links
1984 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Brighton
People educated at Brighton College
Alumni of Homerton College , Cambridge
English cricketers
Cambridge MCCU cricketers
Cambridge University cricketers
Sullivan County is a county in the U.S. state of Indiana , and determined by the US Census Bureau to include the mean center of U.S. population in 1940 . As of 2010 , the population was 21,475 . The county seat ( and the county 's only incorporated city ) is Sullivan .
Sullivan County is included in the Terre Haute , Indiana , metropolitan statistical area .
History
On February 25 , 1779 , Col. George Rogers Clark captured Fort Sackville at Vincennes from the British . About six miles ( 10 km ) west at Pointe Coupee on the Wabash River on March 2 , 1779 , Capt . Leonard Helm commanding three boats and 50 volunteers from Vincennes captured a reinforcement fleet of seven boats carrying 40 soldiers and valuable supplies and Indian trade goods . This small naval battle completed the destruction of British military strength in the Wabash Valley .
The county 's first settlement occurred between 1808 and 1812 , by a religious society of celibates known as Shakers . The 400 members of this communal group occupied , seven miles ( 11 km ) west of Carlisle .
General William Henry Harrison 's army made its last camp in Sullivan County at Big Springs on September 29 , 1811 . Harrison used Benjamin Turman 's fort as his headquarters . With spring water available , it was an ideal location for 1000 men , including 160 dragoons and 60 mounted riflemen . A Kentucky soldier killed a fellow Kentuckian , Clark , either accidentally or in a grudge fight . The deceased was buried at the top of a hill that became the Mann Turman Cemetery . General Harrison and his troops continued north on the Wea Indiana Trail to build Fort Harrison and then proceeded to the Battle of Tippecanoe .
A War of 1812 military action occurred in September 1812 , three miles ( 5 km ) west−southwest of Sullivan County . While escorting supplies from Fort Knox near Vincennes to Fort Harrison at Terre Haute , Sergeant Nathan Fairbanks and approximately a dozen soldiers were ambushed - and most killed - by Indians .
In 1815 , Carlisle was founded .
An act of the Indiana legislature dated December 30 , 1816 , created Sullivan County , with areas partitioned from Knox County . The effective date of the new government was 15 January 1817 , with interim commissioners charged to begin organizing the new government in February . It was named for Daniel Sullivan , a prominent frontiersman killed in 1790 by Native Americans while carrying a dispatch between Fort Vincennes and Louisville .
A log courthouse in Merom served as Sullivan County 's first county seat from 1819 to 1842 . Merom was an important river port and a stop on the stage route known as The Old Harrison Trail . William Henry Harrison 's troops camped near here on their 1811 march to the Battle of Tippecanoe .
Pioneer heroine of abdominal surgery Jane Todd is buried in Sullivan County . Born in Virginia in 1763 , she and her husband , Thomas Crawford , moved to Green County , Kentucky , in 1805 . Suffering from a huge abdominal tumor , she rode to Danville , Kentucky , to submit to a never−before−performed surgical procedure . On Christmas Day 1809 , Dr. Ephraim McDowell performed the first ovariotomy , in his home . The ordeal lasted 25 minutes . There was no anesthesia . Mrs. Crawford recovered completely and years later came to Graysville to live with her son , Thomas , a Presbyterian minister . She died in 1842 at age 78 . The restored McDowell home in Danville , Kentucky , is a surgical shrine .
Sullivan was founded in 1853 and became the county seat .
Dedicated in 1862 , Union Christian College served as a preparatory school and college until 1924 . In 1936 it became Merom Institute—a rural enrichment center . Now owned by the United Church of Christ , it serves as a camp , conference , and retreat center .
Numerous violent conflicts erupted in Sullivan County during the American Civil War over differing war sentiments . On July 14 , 1864 , anti-war Democrat John Drake was fatally shot at a community picnic near here .
In November 1902 , a mob abducted James Dillard from the Sullivan County sheriff , John S. Dudley , as he was being taken to Sullivan . After kidnapping Dillard , they lynched him . In response to the lynching , Governor Winfield Durbin dismissed the sheriff - a decision which was in line with Indiana 's 1899 anti-lynching law . However , Sheriff Dudley ultimately remained in office after he and other officials entered into a legal battle about the decision .
Organized nationally to bring culture to rural communities , Merom 's 10-day religious and educational Chautauqua event featured concerts , debates , plays , and lectures . Carrie Nation , William Jennings Bryan , William Howard Taft , Warren G. Harding , and Billy Sunday were among its speakers .
In 1968 , the Sullivan County Park and Lake was created . It contains a reservoir for swimming , boating , and fishing . The lake is stocked with crappie , hybrid saugeye , bass , bluegill , and channel catfish . Water skiing is popular . Sullivan County Park and Lake has of land for camping and a 9-hole golf course . The campground offers sites ranging from primitive camping to space for motor homes .
Geography
Sullivan County lies on the west edge of Indiana ; its western border abuts the state of Illinois ( across the Wabash River ) . The meanders of the Wabash delineate the county 's west border . The upper part of the county is drained by Turtle Creek , which flows southwestward into the river . The lower part of the county is similarly drained by Busseron Creek .
The county 's abundant woods were largely cleared and devoted to agriculture during the nineteenth century . At present only the drainages remain wooded . Its highest point ( 640 feet/195 meters ASL ) is a small rise six miles ( 10 km ) east of Carlisle .
According to the 2010 census , the county has a total area of , of which ( or 98.46 % ) is land and ( or 1.53 % ) is water .
Adjacent counties
Vigo County − north
Clay County − northeast
Greene County − east
Knox County − south
Crawford County , Illinois − west
Clark County , Illinois − northwest
Protected areas
Elliott Woods State Nature Preserve
Greene-Sullivan State Forest ( part )
Redbird State Recreation Area ( part )
Shakamak State Park ( part )
Sullivan County Park and Lake
Turtle Creek Reservoir
City
Sullivan - county seat
Towns
Carlisle
Dugger
Farmersburg
Hymera
Merom
Shelburn
Unincorporated communities
Baker
Baldridge
Benefiel Corner
Bucktown
Cass
Curryville
Dodds Bridge
East Shelburn
Fairbanks
Gambill
Gilmour − part
Glendora
Graysville
Greenville
Hawton
Jackson Hill
Jericho
Lewis − part
Massacre
Merom Station
New Lebanon
Paxton
Pleasantville
Riverton
Riverview
Scotchtown
Scott City
Shiloh
Standard
Stringtown
Wilfred
Ghost towns
Caledonia
Farnsworth
Townships
Cass
Curry
Fairbanks
Gill
Haddon
Hamilton
Jackson
Jefferson
Turman
Transportation
Major highways
U.S. Route 41
U.S. Route 150
State Road 48
State Road 54
State Road 58
State Road 63
State Road 154
State Road 159
Airport
The county contains one public-use airport , the Sullivan County Airport ( SIV ) at Sullivan .
Economy
Peabody Energy Corporation The Bear Run mine is the largest surface mine in the eastern U.S. and was expected to produce 12 million tons of coal per year . The mine employed 500 employees in 2012 . However , as national coal demand declined , its production was cut back ( to 7.2 million tons in 2016 and 2017 , to 6.8 in 2018 ) , and in November 2019 there were further reductions and layoffs .
Education
Sullivan County is served by two school corporations , the Southwest School Corporation and the Northeast School Corporation . The former 's high school is Sullivan High School in Sullivan , and the latter 's high schools are North Central High School in Farmersburg and Union High School in Dugger . Union Christian College formerly operated in Merom .
Climate and weather
In recent years , average temperatures in Sullivan have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July , although a record low of was recorded in January 1994 and a record high of was recorded in July 1999 . Average monthly precipitation ranged from in February to in July .
Government
The county government is a constitutional body , and is granted specific powers by the Constitution of Indiana , and by the Indiana Code .
County Council : The legislative branch of the county government ; controls spending and revenue collection in the county . Representatives are elected to four-year terms from county districts . They set salaries , the annual budget , and special spending . The council has limited authority to impose local taxes , in the form of an income and property tax that is subject to state level approval , excise taxes , and service taxes .
Board of Commissioners : The executive body of the county ; commissioners are elected county-wide to staggered four-year terms . One commissioner serves as president . The commissioners execute acts legislated by the council , collect revenue , and manage the county government .
Court : The county maintains a small claims court that handles civil cases . The judge on the court is elected to a term of four years and must be a member of the Indiana Bar Association . The judge is assisted by a constable who is also elected to a four-year term . In some cases , court decisions can be appealed to the state level circuit court .
County Officials : The county has other elected offices , including sheriff , coroner , auditor , treasurer , recorder , surveyor , and circuit court clerk . These officers are elected to four-year terms . Members elected to county government positions are required to declare party affiliations and to be residents of the county .
Demographics
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census , there were 21,475 people , 7,823 households , and 5,422 families in the county . The population density was . There were 8,939 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 93.7 % white , 4.5 % black or African American , 0.3 % American Indian , 0.2 % Asian , 0.3 % from other races , and 1.0 % from two or more races . Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 1.4 % of the population . In terms of ancestry , 20.8 % were German , 19.8 % were American , 10.3 % were Irish , and 9.7 % were English .
Of the 7,823 households , 31.7 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 53.4 % were married couples living together , 10.8 % had a female householder with no husband present , 30.7 % were non-families , and 26.7 % of all households were made up of individuals . The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 2.94 . The median age was 39.8 years .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 47,697 and the median income for a family was $ 52,558 . Males had a median income of $ 44,645 versus $ 26,335 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 20,093 . About 8.5 % of families and 11.9 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 12.9 % of those under age 18 and 11.7 % of those age 65 or over .
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Sullivan County , Indiana
References
External links
Discover Sullivan County
Sullivan County Genealogy Trails
Indiana counties
1817 establishments in Indiana
Populated places established in 1817
Terre Haute metropolitan area
Large as Life and Twice as Natural is an album by British musician Davey Graham , released in 1968 .
Reception
In his Allmusic review , critic Ritchie Unterberger wrote , `` With the exception of 1964 's Folk , Blues and Beyond , this is Graham 's finest non-compilation album ... The raga-jazz interpretation of Joni Mitchell 's `` Both Sides Now , '' which moves from meditative opening drones into a freewheeling explosion of modal folk-rock is one of the highlights of Graham 's career on record and one of the best expressions of his ability to make a standard his own . ''
Track listing
`` Both Sides , Now '' ( Joni Mitchell ) – 6:02
`` Bad Boy Blues '' ( Davy Graham ) – 2:17
`` Tristano '' ( Davy Graham ) – 4:00
`` Babe , It Ai n't No Lie '' ( Elizabeth Cotten ) – 2:27
`` Bruton Town '' ( Traditional ) – 3:59
`` Sunshine Raga '' ( Davy Graham ) – 6:19
`` Freight Train Blues '' ( John Lair , Bob Dylan ) – 4:04
`` Jenra '' ( Davy Graham ) – 3:10
`` Electric Chair '' ( Davy Graham ) – 2:45
`` Good Morning Blues '' ( Lead Belly ) – 5:23
`` Beautiful City '' ( Davy Graham ) – 2:28
`` Blue Raga '' ( Ravi Shankar , Ali Akbar Khan ) – 5:48
Personnel
Davey Graham – vocals , guitar
Harold McNair – flute
Dick Heckstall-Smith – saxophone
Jon Hiseman – drums
Danny Thompson – bass
Technical
Bill Price - engineer
References
1968 albums
Davey Graham albums
London Records albums
Wine Hill is an unincorporated community in Randolph County , Illinois , United States . Wine Hill is west-northwest of Campbell Hill .
Wine Hill was so named in the 19th century from the vineyards started by German immigrants .
References
Unincorporated communities in Randolph County , Illinois
Unincorporated communities in Illinois
Chris O'Sullivan ( born May 15 , 1974 ) is an American former professional ice hockey defenseman who played in the NHL with the Calgary Flames , Vancouver Canucks , and Mighty Ducks of Anaheim . He is currently a scout for the New York Islanders , serving in the role since 2006 after three seasons scouting with the Colorado Avalanche .
Playing career
As a youth , O'Sullivan played in the 1988 Quebec International Pee-Wee Hockey Tournament with The Boston Junior Bruins minor ice hockey team .
A top prospect out of high school , O'Sullivan was drafted by the Calgary Flames in the 2nd round , 30th overall in the 1992 NHL Entry Draft . After being drafted O'Sullivan chose to play in the college ranks and played with the Boston University Terriers for 4 years . O'Sullivan missed the majority of his freshman year ( 1992–1993 ) after suffering a neck injury during a game versus Boston College . O'Sullivan eventually recovered and became one of the top defensive players in the nation . His most successful season was during the 1994–1995 season when he led the Terriers in scoring with 56 points in 40 games and eventually leading the Terriers to a national championship in 1995 , in which he was named the Most Outstanding Player .
After college O'Sullivan turned pro and split time with the Flames and their minor league affiliate Saint John Flames for the next 3 years . The 1996–1997 season would turn out to be O'Sullivan 's longest stint in the NHL , playing in 27 games and scoring 10 points . Towards the end of the 1998–1999 season O'Sullivan was traded to the New York Rangers . He played 10 games with the Rangers minor league affiliate Hartford Wolf Pack before being released by the Rangers at the end of the season .
For the 1999–2000 season O'Sullivan was signed by the Vancouver Canucks . He played the majority of the season with the Syracuse Crunch while also playing 11 games with the Canucks . After the season , he was again released and picked up by the Mighty Ducks of Anaheim . He played the whole 2000–2001 season with the Cincinnati Mighty Ducks , scoring 49 points in 60 games . For the 2001–2002 season O'Sullivan played overseas in Switzerland with the Kloten Flyers .
After 1 season in Switzerland O'Sullivan returned to the Mighty Ducks for the 2002–2003 season . After only 2 games with the Mighty Ducks of Anaheim and 27 games with the Cincinnati Mighty Ducks O'Sullivan suffered another neck injury . O'Sullivan officially retired from hockey in September 2003 .
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
International
Awards and honors
References
External links
1974 births
Living people
American men 's ice hockey defensemen
Boston University Terriers men 's ice hockey players
Calgary Flames draft picks
Calgary Flames players
Cincinnati Mighty Ducks players
Colorado Avalanche scouts
Hartford Wolf Pack players
Ice hockey people from Massachusetts
EHC Kloten players
Mighty Ducks of Anaheim players
New York Islanders scouts
Saint John Flames players
Sportspeople from Boston
Syracuse Crunch players
Vancouver Canucks players
NCAA men 's ice hockey national champions
AHCA Division I men 's ice hockey All-Americans
Ice hockey players from Boston
Pedro Manuel Venturo Zapata was the CEO of `` Hacienda Higuereta y Anexos - Negociacion Vinicola Pedro Venturo S.A. '' from 1925 to 1952 .
Creation and Construction
( 1539 ) When establishing the doctrine of the town of Surco . The parish jurisdiction was placed under the order of St. James the Apostle .
The proximity of the Hacienda Higuereta to the sea , good winds , pastures and backwaters turned it into a sort of village of rest for the inhabitants of Lima , from viceroys to officers and officials of all kinds .
( 1800 ) The grounds of the Hacienda Higuereta ( which owes its name to the thriving fruit industry of the area ) and of the Hacienda Vista Alegre were going through many
owners , from Colonial to the Republic . From Don Manuel Martinez of Aparicio ( 1792-1850 ) , Count Montecarmelo , to ultimately be acquired by an Italian immigrant Don Pedro Venturo Toledo .
Pedro Venturo Zapata ( Owner/CEO 1925-1952 )
( 1925 ) Don Pedro Venturo Zapata acquired `` The Hacienda Higuereta '' from his father who died that same year . He led the Hacienda to serious levels of productivity of pisco , Brandy , Cognac , Champagne , red and white wine ( Albilla Superior , Oporto , Moscato Dulce ) , Vermouth and other products such as balsamic vinegar , Grape Juice and Martini .
He also raised livestock finance , with over 300 holstein cows , 2 bulls named Ambrosio and Churchill , chickens , turkeys and pigs , They produced eggs , milk and meat for the community . Don Pedro Venturo was also one of the largest breeders of the Peruvian Paso Horse .
He was an honorary member of various labor organizations and he improved living conditions and planned social assistance , according to modern trends in his `` Hacienda Higuereta '' , building houses for workers and employees ; endowing the negotiation of sports fields , venue for film shows .
The Hacienda was in some ways a small town with homes for the employees and their families , a school , a movie theater with mezzanine for trusted employees , a park , a wood shed , a machine shop a pool , soccer fields , a chapel , a bodega , public restrooms and of course the buildings where the wine and pisco were crushed , distilled and aged .
Don Venturo worked with organizations to provide the population with the abundant food and elements of sports and healthy recreation .
He was a member of the Wine Committee of the National Agrarian Society and organizer of the Advisory Mission , in 1930 , to study the law of alcoholic beverages and promotion of national viticulture.He organized the first Harvest Festival in Peru called `` La Vendimia '' , chairing the Organizing Committee in 1937 in Santiago de Surco . La Vendimia Wine Festival continues today .
( 1956 ) The Hacienda Higuereta was located near an airfield , and in 1956 , the unavoidable happened—a plane crashed on the grounds of the Hacienda during a practice run .
The Hacienda is Demolished
After Don Venturo 's Death in 1952 , the company and hacienda were split and sold to different investors . In 1967 General Juan Velasco Alvarado took power with armed forces in a coup d'État against President Fernando Belaúnde Terry
During General Velasco 's reign from 1968 to 1975 , he restructured parts of Peru . One of his mandates was an agrarian reform program to expropriate farms and diversify land ownership , much of which had been concentrated in Haciendas ' owned by a small percentage of the population .
Hacienda Higuereta was on his target . Under new Peruvian government law any hacienda that is not producing what the quota mandates
must be destroyed . Hacienda Higuereta was ordered to be torn down .
Former populated places in Peru
Khvorakabad ( , also Romanized as Khvorākābād and Khowrākābād ; also known as Kharkābād ) is a village in Mazraeh Now Rural District , in the Central District of Ashtian County , Markazi Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 72 , in 23 families .
References
Populated places in Ashtian County
The 4th Canadian Comedy Awards , presented by the Canadian Comedy Foundation for Excellence ( CCFE ) , honoured the best live , television , and film comedy of 2002 . The ceremony was held in 2003 in London , Ontario , concluding the three-day Canadian Comedy Awards Festival . The ceremony was hosted by the Royal Canadian Air Farce .
Canadian Comedy Awards , also known as Beavers , were awarded in 19 categories . Winners were picked by members of ACTRA ( Alliance of Canadian Cinema , Television and Radio Artists ) , the Canadian Actors ' Equity Association , the Writers Guild of Canada , the Directors Guild of Canada , and the Comedy Association .
For the second consecutive year nominations were LED by TV series Made in Canada with seven nominations , followed by the films Men with Brooms and Rub & Tug with six apiece . Made in Canada and This Hour Has 22 Minutes each won two Beavers , as did Mike Myers for Goldmember .
Festival and ceremony
The Canadian Comedy Awards had been televised in 2000 and 2001 , but due to a lack of sponsorship the broadcasts stopped in 2002 and the awards ceremony was scaled-back . In 2003 the Canadian Comedy Foundation for Excellence ( CCFE ) was incorporated as a non-profit to organize the awards and the accompanying Canadian Comedy Awards Festival , a three-day comedy festival held in London , Ontario . The festival took advantage of having the nominees in sketch , stand-up and improv comedy together in one place , and showcase performances led up to the awards ceremony .
The 4th awards ceremony was hosted by the Royal Canadian Air Farce , who had been inducted into the Canadian Comedy Hall of Fame two years earlier .
Winners and nominees
Winners are listed first and highlighted in boldface :
Live
Television
Film
Multiple wins
The following people , shows , films , etc . received multiple awards
Multiple nominations
The following people , shows , films , etc . received multiple nominations
References
External links
Canadian Comedy Awards official website
Canadian Comedy Awards
Canadian Comedy Awards
Awards
Awards
Adam Skwarczynski ( Stary , Adam Sliwinski , Adam Plomienczyk , 1886–1934 ) was a Polish independence activist and politician , one of main ideologists of the Sanacja movement . A supporter of Józef Piłsudski and his policies , Skwarczynski also was a Freemason and a publicist .
Skwarczynski was born on 3 December 1886 in the village of Wierzchnia , near Kalusz , Austrian Galicia ( today Ukraine ) . He was raised in a patriotic family : his father Wincenty Skwarczynski fought in the January Uprising , his mother Maria ( née Gnoiska ) was the daughter of a soldier of the November Uprising . After the death of Wincenty Skwarczynski ( 1888 ) , whole family moved to Lwów , where Adam , as a teenager , joined Polish independence organizations . A conservative , Skwarczynski was influenced by left-wing writers , such as Edward Abramowski . While in Lwów , he met Józef Piłsudski .
After graduation from high school Skwarczynski began studies at Lwów University , as he planned to be a teacher of the Polish language . In the late 1900s , he completed officer course at a military college of the Union of Active Struggle ( ZWC ) . He joined the ZWC and was a lecturer in the college . In 1910 , he joined the Riflemen 's Association , at the same time becoming a teacher at Rohatyn . Skwarczynski also published his articles in several local newspapers and magazines . Before the outbreak of World War I , he returned to Lwów .
In the summer of 1914 , he joined 1st Brigade , Polish Legions . As a staff officer , he fought in the area of Kielce , and was later transferred to intelligence department of the Polish Legions in World War I . In May 1915 , Józef Piłsudski sent him to former Russian Poland , to look for volunteers , willing to join the Legions . Skwarczynski then joined Polish Military Organisation , and settled in Warsaw . Arrested by the Germans , he was sent to Modlin Fortress , to be released on November 12 , 1918 .
In early 1919 , Skwarczynski began working for Gazeta Polska daily , becoming its editor-in-chief . He also worked for other publications , such as “ Government and Nation ” and “ Nation ” , and wrote a brochure “ The purpose of the war in the East ” , in which he stated that Poland has a peaceful mission to fulfill in Ukraine and Lithuania .
In the early 1920s , he married Anna ( née Pradzynska ) , and together with Adam Koc , Janusz Jędrzejewicz and Tadeusz Hołówko founded the “ Road ” ( “ Droga ” ) monthly magazine . In 1925 , he issued a pamphlet , in which he harshly criticized General Władysław Sikorski , who was regarded as one of main opponents of Józef Piłsudski . During the 1926 May Coup , Skwarczynski supported Piłsudski . At that time , he wrote several press articles about moral revolution ( see Sanation ) , which should be introduced in Poland .
After the coup , Skwarczynski was employed in the chancellery of the President of Poland . In 1929 , due to a Tuberculosis infection , both his legs were amputated . Nevertheless , he remained a very active person , organizing anti-Endecja youth organizations , and supporting the creation of Central Committee of the Country Youth and Association of Country Colleges .
Adam Skwarczynski died on 2 April 1934 in Warsaw , and was buried at Powązki Cemetery . In Communist Poland , all his publications were banned .
See also
Nonpartisan Bloc for Cooperation with the Government
Sanation
Piłsudski 's colonels
Sources
Jacek Czajowski , Jacek M. Majchrowski : Sylwetki polityków drugiej Rzeczypospolitej . Kraków : Wydawnictwo ZNAK , 1987
1886 births
1934 deaths
Nonpartisan Bloc for Cooperation with the Government politicians
Camp of National Unity politicians
Polish Military Organisation members
Paul Moor ( born 3 September 1978 ) , of Kingston-upon-Hull , East Riding of Yorkshire , England is one of the world 's leading ten-pin bowlers . He bowls on the European Bowling Tour ( EBT ) and has been a member of the Professional Bowlers Association ( PBA ) for several years .
Early years
Moor first started bowling at the age of 10 when he joined the Saturday morning Junior League at the AMF Bowling Centre in Hull . His parents were league bowlers at the centre which was the main influence for him taking up the sport . He enjoyed plenty of success in his latter years as a junior , winning many national titles . He also teamed up with fellow Hull Bowler , Robert Batty and won a multitude of Doubles Titles including victories at the BTBA Junior Nationals at both Senior and Graduate level . He represented the Junior England Team in 1997 at the `` European Youth Team Cup '' in Annecy , France where he won a silver medal despite the team having the highest team average in the Championship .
After finishing his time in junior bowling Moor started to bowl more regularly on the Adult circuit in England and won his first English ranking event in 1999 at the AMF World Cup Qualifier , held in Nottingham . Moor went on to represent England , making his first appearance at the AMF World Cup in Las Vegas but his lack of international experience did not help and he failed to qualify for the top 24 .
Today
Moor is one of the top English bowlers on the European bowling scene along with Stuart Williams and Dominic Barrett .
Moor is currently ranked No.6 in Europe ( 2014 EBT rankings ) , is a 3-time winner , of the European Bowling Tour . ( EBT ) and is a Commonwealth Championships double gold medallist .
Moor has 28 Perfect Games , a High 3 Games series of 857 and a high 6 Game Series of 1588 .
In September 2014 Moor became the all-time leader on the EBT with 14 titles when he won the Chandra Open in The Netherlands , averaging 250 over 10 games in the final . Two weeks later he won his 15th title with victory over Tommy Jones in the Columbia 300 Vienna Open .
On 11 January 2015 , Moor won his record 16th EBT title in the Brunswick Ballmaster Open in Helsinki , Finland , defeating Finnish native Joonas Jehkinen in the final match , 225–204 . Because Moor is now a PBA member , he also earned his first PBA title in this event and qualified to bowl in the PBA Tournament of Champions in February , 2015 .
Achievements
World
QubicaAMF World Cup : 5 appearances ( 1999 , 2001 , 2004 , 2007 , 2013 ) . Best finish : - 5th ( 2007 )
World Ranking Masters : 4 appearances ( 2005-2007 , 2009 ) . Best finish : - 3rd ( 2007 )
World Tenpin Masters : 4 appearances ( 2005-2008 ) . Runner-up 3 times ( 2005-2007 ) Semi-Finalist ( 2008 )
Weber Cup : 5 appearances for Team Europe ( 2005-2009 )
World Bowling Writer 's Bowler of the Year : 2005
Commonwealth
2008 Commonwealth Championships : -
Men 's Doubles : - Silver
Team : - Gold
Men 's Master 's : - Gold
European
Moor has 17 EBT titles to his name , since 2004 . This puts him top of the all-time list of EBT titles .
EBT titles : -
2004 Malta Open Championships
2004 26 Trofeo Internacional Ciutat de Barcelona
2005 Irish Open Championships
2005 Championship Golden Bowl - Trofeo Brunswick
2005 Norwegian Open
2006 3rd Istanbul Bowling Open
2006 28 Trofeo Internacional Ciutat de Barcelona
2006 3rd Oltremare Ebonite Championships
2007 Hammer Bronzen Schietspoel Tournament
2007 Ebonite International Luxembourg Open
2009 5th Storm San Marino Open
2013 Brunswick Madrid Challenge
2013 Brunswick Etna Open
2014 Chandra Open
2014 Columbia 300 Vienna Open
2015 Brunswick Ballmaster Open
2016 Storm Irish Open
Moor was won the EBT Masters on three occasions , in 2009 , 2015 and 2017 .
Other Titles : -
2002 British Open
2003 London International
2004 Championship Golden Bowl , Italy
2006 English Open
2008 Malta Open Championships
2008 4th Cockatoos Pafos Open , Cyprus
2009 Irish Open Championships
2009 Welsh Open Championships
2009 2nd EBT Masters
2010 London International
2010 2nd Galactica Open , Cyprus
2012 Welsh Open Championships
2014 English Open
2016 Welsh Open Championships
2017 Sofia Open
2019 Welsh Open Championships
2019 English Open
Domestic
Moor has over 30 English National Titles to his name , spanning several years .
Moor has been voted `` English Bowler of the Year '' 6 times . ( 2002-2006 , 2015 )
Moor has been elected to the 2015 UK Tenpin Hall of Fame .
PBA Tour
2015 : Won the Brunswick Ballmaster Open in January for his first PBA title ; finished runner-up to Parker Bohn III at the PBA Cheetah Championship in December .
Weber Cup
Moor has played for Team Europe in the annual Weber Cup tournament on 7 occasions ( 2005-2011 )
Moor 's record from 48 matches played ( singles and doubles ) is won 31 , lost 17 , with a winning percentage of 64.5 % . Moor has finished on the winning side three times ( 2005 , 2009 and 2010 ) .
Miscellaneous
Moor is nicknamed 'Rodge ' due to his surname being close to James Bond '007 ' Actor , Roger Moore .
Moor was the first bowler to roll a Perfect Game on Live TV in the UK , achieving the historic feat in the first game of the 2006 Weber Cup tournament , against Jason Couch .
Moor has been the unfortunate runner-up in three consecutive World Tenpin Masters tournaments ( 2005 , 2006 and 2007 ) .
Moor 's brother , Ian Moor , won the hit TV talent show `` Stars in Their Eyes . ''
References
External links
European Tenpin Bowling Federation
Bowling Digital
Talk Tenpin
Video clip , 2007 Hammer Bronzen Schietspoel Tournament ( Tilburg , Netherlands )
British ten-pin bowling players
1978 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Kingston upon Hull
Shahrak-e Siah Cheshmeh va Menatul ( , also Romanized as Shahrak-e Sīāh Cheshmeh va Menāṭūl ; also known as Sīāh Cheshmeh and Sīāh Chashmeh ) is a village in Sharifabad Rural District , Sharifabad District , Pakdasht County , Tehran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 303 , in 74 families .
References
Populated places in Pakdasht County
Esther Hamerman ( born Esther Wachsmann ) ( 1886-1977 ) was an American painter . Hamerman , who was self-taught , has been described as a `` leading practitioner '' of memory painting . She is considered a folk artist .
Early life
Esther was born in 1886 in Wieliczka , Poland into a Jewish family . She had 13 siblings . By the age of 18 she was married . She had four children and the family lived in Vienna .
In 1938 , the family fled Vienna because of the Anschluss . For six years they lived in a British internment camp in Trinidad .
Immigration to the United States and career
In 1944 the Hamerman family was released from the camp and moved to New York City . Esther started painting after moving to New York . Her daughter Helen Breger and her husband , Leonard , supported Hamerman 's career and submitted a painting of hers to an exhibition at ACA Galleries . That exhibition was her `` big break '' into the art world .
Hamerman 's husband died in 1950 . As a result , she relocated with her daughter and son-in-law to San Francisco , where she continued to paint .
Later life
She moved back to New York in 1963 . She lived with her other daughter , Nadja Merino-Kalfel . She died in 1977 in New York . Her grand-granddaughter is artist Nicole Eisenman .
Collections
`` Untitled ( East River ) '' , after 1950 , oil on canvas ; Smithsonian American Art Museum
References
1886 births
1977 deaths
American women painters
Polish women painters
Artists from New York City
People from Wieliczka
Jewish women painters
Jewish painters
Akeem Wayne Byron Scott ( [ born September 2 , 1983 ) is an American basketball player who plays for RANS PIK Basketball in the Indonesian Basketball League and the Jamaica national basketball team .
Early life
A native of Harlem , Scott starred at Gar-Field Senior High School in Woodbridge , Virginia . He attended Garrett College for two years , earning All-American honors , before transferring to High Point ahead of his junior season .
Professional career
Scott began his professional career with Finnish club Korihait in 2006 and averaged 17.3 points , 1.7 assists and 2.1 steals per game . He signed with second-tier club PuHu Juniorit the following season , recording 29.2 points and 2.9 assists per game across 23 games before he was moved up to first-tier club Espoon Honka in February 2008 . He played in the final seven regular season games before leading his team to a Korisliiga league title , scoring 36 points and the game-winning basket to earn Finals MVP honors . He played with Espoon Honka again during the 2008–09 season , then appeared in two EuroCup games with Latvian team BK Ventspils in late 2009 . Scott returned to Finland soon after , playing with Lappeenrannan NMKY in 2009–10 . He subsequently played in Montenegro , Mexico and Venezuela .
Scott attended a two-day open tryout in Atlanta for the Bakersfield Jam in October 2014 and was invited to their training camp the following month . He made the final roster and averaged 10.4 points , three assists and 1.8 rebounds per game in five games .
Scott signed with the Brampton A 's of Canada in November 2014 .
He spent the 2015–16 season with AB Ancud in Chile , averaging 28.3 points , 6.3 rebounds and 4.3 assists across 30 games . He then signed with Uruguayan club Biguá in February 2016 .
He played with Chilean team Universidad de Concepción in 2016–17 , earning first-team all-league and defensive player of the year honors .
He joined the Saigon Heat in October 2017 .
In August 2018 , he signed with the Laguneros de La Comarca ahead of the 2018–19 LNBP season . He then played for the Venados de Mazatlán during the 2019 CIBACOPA season . He recorded 35 points , five assists and five rebounds in his team debut , a 93–90 victory against the Tijuana Zonkeys on April 12 .
Scott signed with the Danang Dragons in Vietnam in June 2021 .
Scott signed with the RANS PIK Basketball in Indonesia in March 2022
References
External links
Akeem Scott at RealGM
https : //www.sports-reference.com/cbb/players/akeem-scott-1.html
https : //www.basketball-reference.com/gleague/players/s/scottak01d.html
https : //basketball.asia-basket.com/player/Akeem-Scott/Vietnam/Danang-Dragons/52625
1983 births
Living people
American expatriate basketball people in Canada
American men 's basketball players
American people of Jamaican descent
Bakersfield Jam players
Basketball players from New York City
BK Ventspils players
Espoon Honka players
Expatriate basketball people in Canada
Expatriate basketball people in Chile
Expatriate basketball people in Finland
Expatriate basketball people in Latvia
Expatriate basketball people in Mexico
Expatriate basketball people in Montenegro
Expatriate basketball people in Uruguay
Expatriate basketball people in Venezuela
Expatriate basketball people in Vietnam
Garrett Lakers men 's basketball players
High Point Panthers men 's basketball players
Jamaican expatriate basketball people
Jamaican men 's basketball players
KK Mornar Bar players
Laguneros de La Comarca players
London Lightning players
Jamaican expatriate basketball people in Canada
Jamaican expatriate sportspeople in Latvia
Jamaican expatriate basketball people in Mexico
Jamaican expatriate sportspeople in Montenegro
Jamaican expatriate sportspeople in Vietnam
People from Harlem
Pioneros de Quintana Roo players
Point guards
Saigon Heat players
Sportspeople from Manhattan
Venados de Mazatlán ( basketball ) players
Lindsay A. Rosenwald is an American doctor and biotechnology and life-sciences industry investor . and one of two co-founders and partners of Opus Point Partners , an asset management company that invests in the healthcare space , primarily in biotechnology . He has been a prolific founder of development stage biotech companies .
Rosenwald has started many biotechnology companies who have over 100 licensed clinical-stage medicines . Many of those drugs were approved by the United States Food and Drug Administration as well as in foreign countries . One medicine was approved for Acute promyelocytic leukemia , a routinely fatal disease , that has cured many thousands of incurable patients over the last decade and continues that achievement today , marking a change to how this disease is treated . Another cancer drug developed by one of his start-up companies is today a near billion dollar-selling drug for prostate cancer . Additionally , that company was the first company to acquire approximately $ 1 billion after only phase 2 studies . Other drugs approved by the United States and many other countries include drugs for schizophrenia , fibromyalgia , obesity , influenza , and infant respiratory distress syndrome .
Early life
Rosenwald graduated from Abington Senior High School , located in southeast Pennsylvania , in 1973 , and went on to graduate from Pennsylvania State University with a major in Finance and Economy in 1977 , graduating from Beta Gamma Sigma . Then he worked as an independent management consultant for health care companies from 1977 to 1979 before entering Temple University at their School of Medicine . After graduating from Temple in 1983 , Rosenwald took an internship at Abington Medical Hospital and remained in private medical practice until 1986 . At that time , he moved to Wall Street to serve as a physician/financial analyst , a specialized combination of fields which very few boasted at that time .
Career
In 1988 Lindsay A. Rosenwald became a managing director of corporate finance for D.H. Blair & Co. , a privately owned investment firm headed by J. Morton ( `` Morty '' ) Davis . D.H. Blair underwrote hundreds of companies , many in the biotechnology industry . Several D.H. Blair brokers were indicted for fraud and the firm was shut down . Rosenwald headed a team of three physician-financiers who searched in the medical community for the latest developments that could be marketed with the help of private investment . They got in touch with hospitals , medical schools , pharmaceutical companies , universities , scientific firms and research groups .
In 1991 , Rosenwald founded Paramount BioCapital , where he dealt with fields of bioresearch and biotechnology . Since 1992 , he became a NASD-member dealer . In 1995 Paramount Capital Investments LLC , a merchant and investment bank , was founded . Paramount Capital Asset Management , Inc. , owned by Rosenwald , managed the investments of several funds specializing in the technology and biotechnology sectors , since 1994 . Rosenwald also serves as a member of the Columbia-Presbyterian Health Sciences Advisory Counsel .
Rosenwald was number one in the 2002 edition of Genetic Engineering News ' 100 Molecular Millionaires . Since 2002 , Rosenwald was in the board of directors for Keryx Biopharmaceuticals , Inc. , which he resigned in 2006 to devote more time to the biotechnology market .
Cougar Biotechnology , another company founded by Rosenwald , was purchased by Johnson & Johnson in 2009 based solely on abiraterone acetate . This drug was not yet in phase III clinical trials for its application in prostate cancer treatment and therapy , but was so promising that Johnson & Johnson bid & purchased the company in a `` short-term merger '' for approximately $ 1 billion .
In addition to his activities which have provided capital and funding to many portfolio companies , Rosenwald also started the Rosenwald Foundation , a nonprofit organization which has provided millions of dollars to support various scientific and medical education institutions .
In 2009 , Rosenwald and Michael S. Weiss founded a new company called OpusPoint Partners . This company specializes in healthcare and life sciences investments and consulting . In October 2010 , he invested in securities in National Holdings Corporation purchasing approximately 23.6 % of NHC .
References
1955 births
Living people
Smeal College of Business alumni
Biotechnologists
The Canada A 's are an independent professional baseball team representing Canada ( and Cathedral City , California ) that will be based in Palm Springs , California as a part of the new California Winter League . They play their games in a short-season schedule from January to February at Palm Springs Stadium along with the Palm Springs Chill , Coachella Valley Snowbirds and Palm Desert Coyotes .
They started as Team Canada in the rival Arizona Winter League , a short-season instructional winter league affiliated with the Golden Baseball League and played in the International Division . But they were reported to have left the AWL and joined the CWL as the Canada A 's .
Year-By-Year Records
Arizona Winter League :
California Winter League :
External links
California Winter League official website
Professional baseball teams in California
2009 establishments in California
Baseball teams established in 2009
Palm Springs , California
Synopiidae is a family of amphipods belonging to the order Amphipoda .
Genera
Genera :
Austrosyrrhoe Barnard , 1925
Bruzelia Boeck , 1871
Bruzeliopsis Chevreux , 1911
References
Amphipoda
Crustacean families
Götz Kauffmann ( 15 January 1949 – 26 January 2010 ) was an Austrian stage , film and television actor , cabaret artist and writer .
Life
Gottfried Maria Kauffman was born in the fifteenth district of Vienna . His father was the noted Vienna organ builder , Johann M. Kauffmann ( 1910-1965 ) . The Kauffmanns had indeed been active in Vienna as organ builders since 1877 : between 1964 and 1968 Götz Kauffmann also studied as an apprentice to master the craft . He then decided to pursue a career not as an organ builder but as an actor and cabaret artist . Kauffmann undertook his drama training at Vienna 's Max Reinhardt Seminar where he completed the four-year course in 1972 . Early theatre engagements took him to the Salzburger Landestheater and then , in 1977 , to the Raimund Theater and the Theater in der Josefstadt in Vienna .
He reached a wider audience through appearances in several long running television series such as `` Ein echter Wiener geht nicht unter '' ( loosely `` You ca n't knock a true Viennese down '' , 1975-1979 ) in which he featured as the concierge , `` Kurt Blahovec '' . There were also `` Mozart und Meisel '' ( 1987 ) , in which he played the leading part and `` Kaisermühlen Blues '' ( 1992-1999 ) in which he also took one of the lead roles . He was also becoming known in film roles , featuring in numerous national and international cinema productions . He played the part of Oskar in `` Tales from the Vienna Woods '' directed by Maximilian Schell and was a member of the cast of `` Verlassen Sie bitte Ihren Mann ! '' ( `` Please leave your husband '' , 1993 ) directed by Reinhard Schwabenitzky , and starring Reinhard Schwabenitzky 's wife , Elfi Eschke , Wolfgang Böck and Helmut Griem . More recently , in 2008 , he appeared in `` Echte Wiener – Die Sackbauer-Saga '' ( 2008 ) , a successful cinema reprise of the 1970s television series .
Alongside his film career Kauffman continued to sustain his career as a theatre performer , and also pursued his interest in cabaret . In 1980 he founded the `` Arge Kabarett '' and in 1983 he presented his first solo programme , `` Götz-Zitate '' . During his final years he worked as a freelance performer in Vienna , also reprising various lead roles in the Gloria-Theater .
Götz Kauffmann was honoured with the Goldener Rathausmann award by the city of Vienna . He was also a notable freemason .
His strikingly confessional autobiography , `` Meine Abrechnung . Zwischen Kaisermühlen-Blues und Suff '' , appeared in 1999 . It disclosed a sometimes difficult life , featuring three broken marriages , depression and alcohol issues . For many years he was also badly affected by diabetes . A few days before he died Kauffmann was able to celebrate his sixty-first birthday , surrounded by colleagues , his three children and his brother . His body is buried in the family grave at the Baumgartner Cemetery ( Group K1 , Nr . 75 ) in Vienna .
Theatre roles ( selection )
1970–1972 : Die Zwillinge von Venedig , Bauernhof-Theater in Meggenhofen ( OÖ )
1970–1972 : Das Kaffeehaus von Carlo Goldoni , Bauernhof-Theater in Meggenhofen ( OÖ )
1970–1972 : Urfaust , Bauernhof-Theater in Meggenhofen ( OÖ )
1972 : Wie es Euch gefällt ( Probstein ) , Landestheater Salzburg
1972 : Wiener Blut ( Kagler ) , Landestheater Salzburg
1972 : Lumpazivagabundus ( Knieriem ) , Landestheater Salzburg
1978 : Tscharlie der Kegel : Der uneheliche Sohn des Herrn Karl , one person piece by Herwig Seeböck , written for Götz Kauffmann
1978 : Der tolle Tag oder die Hochzeit des Figaro , Salzburger Festspiele
1979 : Die Heirat , Volkstheater Wien
1980 : Die letzten Tag der Menschheit , Wiener Festwochen
1981–1982 : Professuren , Theater der Courage
1981–1982 : Mir san net aso , Theater in der Drachengasse
1981–1982 : Der Talisman , Theater in der Josefstadt
1981–1982 : Liliom , Theater in der Josefstadt
1985–1986 : Turnhalle , Theater in der Drachengasse
1989 : Das vierte Gebot , Sommerfestspiele Berndorf/Stadttheater
1990 : Haben Sie nichts zu verzollen , Theater in der Josefstadt
1991 : Orpheus in der Unterwelt , Wiener Kammeroper
2005 : Wiener Blut , Musik Theater Schönbrunn
2007 : Die Fledermaus , Musik Theater Schönbrunn
Film roles ( selection )
1971 : Tatort - Mordverdacht , at that times till identified as Gottfried Kauffmann
1975–1979 : Ein echter Wiener geht nicht unter
1976 : Die Alpensaga , Teil 1 – Liebe im Dorf
1977 : Tatort – Der vergessene Mord
1977 : Die Alpensaga , Teil 3 – Das große Fest
1978 : Aus dem Leben eines Dicken
1978 : Singles
1979 : Tales from the Vienna Woods
1980 : Car-napping
1981 : Kottan ermittelt – Die Beförderung
1984 :
1987 : Mozart und Meisel
1992–1999 : Kaisermühlen Blues
1993 : Verlassen Sie bitte Ihren Mann !
1993 : Die Rebellion
1995 : Schwarze Tage
1995 : Tödliche Liebe
1995 : El Chicko – der Verdacht
1996 : Der See
1996 :
1999 : Fink fährt ab
2001–2002 : Dolce Vita & Co 2001 : Ene mene muh – und tot bist du 2008 : Cabaret ( selection )
1977 : Stichwort über … 1983 : Götz-Zitate ( first solo programme )
1987 : Aber der Kopf is ' no oben 1988 : Geschafft 1988 : Duell/Duett 1988 : Alles Theater 1991 : Mir stinkt 's 1999 : Tick Tak Talk 1999 : Warten auf die Talkshow Books
Meine Abrechnung . Zwischen Kaisermühlen-Blues und Suff . Ueberreuter , Vienna 1999 .
Küss die Hand ? Mein Wiener Wörterbuch '' . Verlag 66 , Amstetten 2003 .
References
Male actors from Vienna
Austrian male writers
Austrian cabaret performers
Austrian male film actors
Austrian male stage actors
Austrian Freemasons
1949 births
2010 deaths
Brad Drewett ( 19 July 1958 – 3 May 2013 ) was an Australian tennis player and ATP official . He was the 1975 and 1977 Australian Open junior champion and the youngest player at age 17 to win the title since Ken Rosewall and John Newcombe . He was also the third-youngest Australian Open quarterfinalist in his first Grand Slam appearance , at 17 years 5 months in 1975 , behind Boris Becker , 17 years 4 days in 1984 and Goran Ivanišević , 17 years 4 months in 1989 .
Drewett won two career singles titles , reached the quarterfinals of the 1976 Australian Open and attained a career-high singles ranking of world No . 34 in March 1984 . In doubles , he won seven titles and reached as high as world No . 18 in November 1988 .
Tennis career
Juniors
Drewett won the Australian Open boys ' singles title in 1975 and 1977 ( in January ) .
Pro tour
During his professional career , Drewett won two singles titles ( Cairo 1982 and South Orange 1983 ) and seven doubles titles and reached the quarterfinals of the Australian Open singles in 1976 . He was a finalist on four other occasions : Adelaide 1981 , Cleveland 1985 , Newport 1988 and Seoul 1989 . He also achieved a career-high doubles ranking of world No . 18 , reaching the semifinals in doubles ( partnering Martin Davis ) at the Australian Open in 1988 and 1989 . Brad was also a member of the Australia Davis Cup team in 1981 and 1985 . He broke the top 50 for the first time in 1984 .
Post-retirement
After his retirement as a professional tennis player , he worked as a commentator for Channel 9 and Channel 10 in Australia . Drewett began serving as Association of Tennis Professionals ( ATP ) Executive chairman and President on 1 January 2012 . He was appointed for three years , replacing Adam Helfant . Drewett had previously served as the ATP 's chief executive officer for the International Group since January 2006 and oversaw the ATP 's operations in the Middle East , Asia and Pacific regions . Prior to that , he led the region as managing director from 2003 to 2005 and was executive vice-president from 1999 to 2003 . He has previously served as an elected ATP Player Council representative and from 1993 until 1999 , as an elected ATP Player Board Representative . Since 2001 , Drewett has been the tournament director of the ATP World Tour 's season-ending event , the Barclays ATP World Tour Finals . As well as overseeing the event when held in Sydney and Houston , Drewett negotiated a multi-year deal with the Shanghai Administration of Sport and Shanghai Ba-shi Industrial Company to stage the Tennis Masters Cup in Shanghai from 2005 to 2008 .
Illness and death
On 14 January 2013 , Drewett announced he would enter a transitional period as ATP Executive Chairman and President because of illness , after he was diagnosed with motor neuron disease ( also known as ALS or Lou Gehrig 's disease ) , writing : `` It has been a privilege to serve as Executive Chairman and President of the ATP , an organization that I 've been a part of for more than 35 years since I became a professional tennis player . I hold the ATP very close to my heart , and it 's with sadness that I make the decision to enter this transition period due to my ill-health '' . He died at home in Sydney on 3 May 2013 .
In memory of his contribution to the development of world tennis and particularly tournaments in China , Show Court 1 at the National Tennis Center in Beijing was officially renamed the Brad Drewett Court ahead of the 2013 China Open final . In recognition of his influence on the ATP World Tour Finals , in 2013 the ATP World Tour Finals trophy was renamed The Brad Drewett Trophy . There is also a memorial brass bust of Drewett at The Australian Open , Melbourne Park , reading ' A top-40 player , Australian Davis Cup representative , ATP Executive Chairman and President , Brad left an indelible mark on the sport he loved , ensuring our great game was in a better place than he found it . ' .
References
External links
1958 births
2013 deaths
Neurological disease deaths in New South Wales
Deaths from motor neuron disease
People from the Northern Rivers
Tennis people from New South Wales
ATP Tour
Australian male tennis players
Australian Open ( tennis ) junior champions
Australian sports executives and administrators
Grand Slam ( tennis ) champions in boys ' singles
Runkel is a town on the Lahn River in Limburg-Weilburg district in Hesse , Germany .
Geography
Location
Runkel lies in the Lahn Valley on both sides of the river between the Westerwald and the Taunus , some eight kilometres east of Limburg .
Neighbouring communities
Runkel borders in the north on the community of Beselich and the town of Weilburg , in the east on the communities of Weinbach and Villmar and in the south and west on the town of Limburg .
Constituent communities
The town consists of 9 Stadtteile .
History
The town 's first documentary mention came in 1159 in an enfeoffment document in which a nobleman named Siegfried von Runkel had his name appear as a witness . It is believed that this Siegfried was the one who built Runkel Castle . In 1191 Siegfried married a countess of Katzenelnbogen . This high noble family forced Dietrich of Runkel to open his castles Runkel and Dehrn . No later than 1230 , the castle had a chapel , thereby giving Runkel its first church building . In 1288 , after years of family disputes , the Lords of Runkel and those of Westerburg sundered into two lines . In 1440 , building work began on the Lahn bridge , but owing to the rift between the Runkels and the Westerburgs , the work took until 1448 . In 1447 Count Philipp of Katzenelnbogen was the liege lord .
In 1543 , Count Johann IV of Wied had Philipp Melanchthon as a guest at Runkel Castle . In 1568 , the Reformation was introduced . In 1622 , there was yet another family rift when Count Hermann II at Wied drove his younger brother Philipp Ludwig out of the leadership and indeed from the castle . In 1634 , the town and the castle were largely destroyed by Count Johann Ludwig Hektor von Isolani 's troops in the Thirty Years ' War . In 1649 , the castle 's dwelling buildings were newly built as a residential castle .
In the early 18th century , continued French invasions combined with a record cold winter led many people from the Palatinate , including Runkel an Lahn , to emigrate down the Rhine River , then to England in 1709 . There were so many refugees from the German Palatine region that the English government set up a tent city for the winter outside the London walls . In 1710 ten English ships carried nearly 3,000 Germans to the colony of New York . The people worked off their passage in camps on the Hudson River . In 1723 and later they were finally allowed to acquire land in New York 's Mohawk Valley , where they established towns such as German Flatts and Palatine Bridge , New York .
In 1791 , Friedrich Ludwig , the last of the Wied-Runkel line , was made a prince . In 1796 , fighting in Runkel 's streets broke out as troops of the Landgrave of Hesse-Darmstadt drove French revolutionary occupying soldiers out of town .
In 1806 , the Runkel holdings on the Lahn 's right bank , and thereby the part of the town of Runkel lying there , passed to the Duchy of Berg . In 1824 , the Wied-Runkel line died out with Prince Friedrich Ludwig 's death , putting the lordly domain , along with the town of Runkel , in Wied-Neuwied 's hands .
Winegrowing is known to have been practised in Runkel by 1270 . In 1929 , however , it was given up after the phylloxera infestation and a cold winter . In the end , the vinicultural area amounted to 35 hectares .
In 1860 , the first savings and loan association ( Sparkasse ) in Runkel was founded under the name Vorschuss-Verein ( “ Credit Club ” ) . Since 1914 there has been a central water supply in the town .
In the course of administrative reform in Hesse , the formerly autonomous communities of Steeden , Ennerich and Schadeck merged on 1 December 1970 , as did likewise Arfurt , Eschenau , Hofen and Wirbelau on 31 December 1970 , with the town of Runkel . The community of Dehrn was only amalgamated on 1 July 1974 by state law .
The outlying centre with the earliest documentary mention is Ennerich , which can prove its existence in 790 .
Politics
Town council
The municipal election held on 26 March 2006 yielded the following results :
Elections in 2016 :
CDU : 10
SPD : 13
GRÜNE : 1
BL : 7
Total : 31
Culture and sightseeing
Buildings
The ruins of Runkel Castle from the 12th century , expanded in the 14th century , destroyed in 1634 .
The timber-frame houses from the 17th and 18th centuries
The stone Lahn Bridge from the 13th century
Schadeck Castle from the 13th century
The Bannmühle was built jointly by Runkel and Schadeck upstream before the town wall . Since 1800 it has been privately owned . Since 1972 it has no longer been used as a mill , but rather for generating electricity , having been fitted with a turbine .
The town wall 's former watchtower today houses the Evangelical church 's bells . It was destroyed by fire in 1634 and 1700 . The first bell was hung in 1725 ; the last was installed in 1986 .
The parish school building , the first school in Runkel , comes from 1543 .
The former parish house was built in 1664 , later passed into private ownership and was the town hall during the Second World War .
The Evangelical church was built on the site of a former church that was built in 1511 and burnt down in 1634 .
In 1802 , work began on a widow 's seat for Prince Christian Ludwig 's mother . When she died the next year , only the basement level had been finished . The site lay idle until the town bought it and from 1821 to 1825 built a new school building there that in the beginning also housed part of the municipal administration and a guardroom . Today the building houses a kindergarten .
The Burgmannen-Sitz of the Barons of Schütz von Holzhausen was first mentioned in 1424 . In 1651 the building was modernized . In 1718 it was owned by the Counts of Wied and served until 1811 as the official dwelling of their chancellory heads .
Today 's Amtsapotheke ( Amt apothecary 's shop ) was built as a dwelling for an Amtmann ( `` bailiff '' / '' magistrate '' ) . In 1818 the open ( that is , not plastered ) timber-frame building passed into the apothecary 's ownership .
The house of the old Latin school comes from 1711 . After 1800 it was the town hall and until 1818 the court apothecary 's shop . Later the “ Zur Traube ” guesthouse was located there .
The town hall stands on the plot that was once the princely orange garden . From 1883 to 1887 work proceeded on the Prussian provincial administration building . The town hall has been there since 1966 .
The building that was once the Amt courthouse housed a brewery shortly after 1900 and the “ Zum Adler ” guesthouse .
The fountain on Schlossplatz is said to be a model example for artistic cast iron works .
The former princely stockyard with its tithe barn stands at Schlossplatz . It was built after the town was laid waste in the Thirty Years ' War , and expanded in the 19th century . Today the fire station and clubhouse are found there .
The old town hall stands on the site of the former Amtshaus that Count Wilhelm IV of Runkel-Wied had built in 1596 and later transferred to his court physician , Dr. Ersfeld . Ersfeld built the building anew after it had burnt down in the 1634 town fire , as did later his son , who succeeded him in his office , after the building burnt down once again in 1691 . From 1787 to 1965 it was the town hall . Today it is privately owned .
Economy and infrastructure
Transport
The town is linked to the long-distance road network through the Limburg-Süd interchange on the A 3 ( Cologne–Frankfurt ) , 7 km away .
Runkel station and Arfurt ( Lahn ) station both lie within the municipality on the Lahntal railway ( Koblenz-Limburg-Runkel-Wetzlar-Gießen ) at which only regional trains stop . The town lies within the Rhein-Main-Verkehrsverbund area .
Education
In Runkel is found the Johann-Christian-Senckenberg-Schule . This is a primary school , Hauptschule and Realschule with a Förderstufe ( a programme for streaming students into the secondary school best suited to their needs ) . It was named after the German physician and endower Johann Christian Senckenberg .
Further primary schools are found in Arfurt , Dehrn , Steeden and Runkel .
Students from Runkel also attend the Gymnasien in Limburg and Weilburg .
Public institutions
Evangelische Kindertagesstätte `` Pusteblume '' Runkel ( daycare )
Katholischer Kindergarten `` St. Michael '' Arfurt
Katholischer Kindergarten `` St. Nikolaus '' Dehrn
Kindergarten `` Regenbogenland '' Ennerich
Kindergarten `` Konfetti '' Steeden
Kindergarten `` Wirbelwind '' Wirbelau
Runkel Volunteer Fire Brigade , founded 1925 ( includes Youth Fire Brigade )
Arfurt Volunteer Fire Brigade , founded 1901 ( includes Youth Fire Brigade )
Dehrn Volunteer Fire Brigade , founded 1898 ( includes Youth Fire Brigade )
Ennerich Volunteer Fire Brigade , founded 1934 ( includes Youth Fire Brigade )
Eschenau Volunteer Fire Brigade , founded 1934 ( includes Youth Fire Brigade )
Hofen Volunteer Fire Brigade , founded 1934 ( includes Youth Fire Brigade )
Schadeck Volunteer Fire Brigade , founded 1933 ( includes Youth Fire Brigade )
Steeden Volunteer Fire Brigade , founded 1934 ( includes Youth Fire Brigade )
Wirbelau Volunteer Fire Brigade , founded 1934 ( includes Youth Fire Brigade )
External links
The caves of Steeden ( `` The First Hessians '' )
Information about Runkel 's castle
References
Limburg-Weilburg
Duchy of Nassau
Hesse-Nassau
District 29 of the Oregon House of Representatives is one of 60 House legislative districts in the state of Oregon . As of 2013 , the boundary for the district includes a portion of Washington County . The current representative for the district is Democrat Susan McLain of Hillsboro .
Election results
District boundaries have changed over time , therefore , representatives before 2013 may not represent the same constituency as today . General election results from 2000 to present are as follows :
See also
Oregon Legislative Assembly
Oregon House of Representatives
References
External links
Oregon House of Representatives Official site
Oregon Secretary of State : Redistricting Reform Task Force
Oregon House of Representatives districts
Washington County , Oregon
May 16 - Eastern Orthodox Church calendar - May 18
All fixed commemorations below celebrated on May 30 by Orthodox Churches on the Old Calendar .
For May 17th , Orthodox Churches on the Old Calendar commemorate the Saints listed on May 4 .
Saints
Apostles Andronicus of Pannonia and his fellow labourer Junia , of the Seventy Apostles ( 1st century )
Martyrs Solochon , Pamphamer , and Pamphalon , soldiers , at Chalcedon ( c. 286-305 )
Martyrs Adrion , Victor and Basilla , in Alexandria .
Saint Theodoret of Antioch , Hieromartyr , ( 361–363 )
Venerable Dodo of the St David-Gareji Monastery , Georgia ( 6th century )
Saint Stephen the New , Patriarch of Constantinople ( 893 )
Pre-Schism Western saints
Saint Restituta the martyr , in Carthage ( 255 or 304 )
Martyrs Heradius , Paul , and Aquilinus , near Lake Geneva ( 284-305 )
Saint Maden ( Madern , Madron , Madrona ) ( c. 545 )
Saint Cathán ( Catan , Chattan , Cadan ) , Bishop in the Isle of Bute in Scotland ( 6th century )
Saint Mailduf ( Maidulph , Maelduib ) , founder of Malmesbury Abbey ( 673 )
Saint Gerebernus ( Gerebern , Gerebrand ) , Hieromartyr , priest from Ireland who accompanied St Dymphna to Belgium and shared in her martyrdom ( 7th century )
Saint Rasso ( Ratho ) , ascetic , founder of a Benedictine abbey at Wörth , later named Grafrath after him ( 953 )
Post-Schism Orthodox saints
Venerable Andronik the Grave-Digger , of the Kyivan Zverynetsky Monastery ( 1096 )
Venerable Eudoxia of Moscow ( in monasticism Euphrosyne ) , Grand-Duchess of Moscow ( 1407 )
Saints Nectarius ( 1550 ) and Theophanes ( 1544 ) the gate-keepers , brothers , of Meteora
Great-martyr Nicholas of Sofia ( 1555 )
Saint Nicolas ( Basdanis ) the New Martyr ( St Nicolas the Vlach ) ( 1617 )
Saint Athanasius the New , Bishop and Wonderworker of Christianoupolis ( 1707 or 1735 )
Saint Jonah Atamansky , Archpriest of Odessa , Wonderworker ( 1924 )
Other commemorations
Commemoration of the Fall of Jerusalem in 614 AD to the Persians , with the loss of the True Cross to Persia , damage to the Church of the Holy Sepulchre by fire , and the martyrdom of over 65,000 Christians ( 614 )
Translation of the relics ( 1551 ) of Saint Adrian of Ondrusov ( Valaam ) , Abbot ( 1549 )
Icon gallery
Notes
References
Sources
May 17/30 . Orthodox Calendar ( ORTHOCHRISTIAN.COM ) .
May 30 / May 17 . HOLY TRINITY RUSSIAN ORTHODOX CHURCH ( A parish of the Patriarchate of Moscow ) .
May 17 . OCA - The Lives of the Saints .
Dr. Alexander Roman . May . Calendar of Ukrainian Orthodox Saints ( Ukrainian Orthodoxy - Українське Православ ' я ) .
May 17 . Latin Saints of the Orthodox Patriarchate of Rome .
May 17 . The Roman Martyrology .
Greek Sources
Great Synaxaristes : 17 ΜΑΪΟΥ . ΜΕΓΑΣ ΣΥΝΑΞΑΡΙΣΤΗΣ .
Συναξαριστής . 17 Μαΐου . ECCLESIA.GR . ( H ΕΚΚΛΗΣΙΑ ΤΗΣ ΕΛΛΑΔΟΣ ) .
Russian Sources
30 мая ( 17 мая ) . Православная Энциклопедия под редакцией Патриарха Московского и всея Руси Кирилла ( электронная версия ) . ( Orthodox Encyclopedia - Pravenc.ru ) .
17 мая ( ст.ст . ) 30 мая 2013 ( нов . ст. ) . Русская Православная Церковь Отдел внешних церковных связей . ( DECR ) .
May in the Eastern Orthodox calendar
Young Men 's and Young Women 's Hebrew Association Building , also known as the Jewish Community Center , is a historic building located in central Baltimore , Maryland , United States . It is a three-story , flat-roofed , rectangular-shaped Flemish bond brick structure completed in 1930 . The exterior features Moorish and Jewish motifs , such as the Star of David . It was designed by Baltimore architect Joseph Evans Sperry . It is now an apartment building . The establishment of the joining YM/YWHA building was a notable example of an attempt to bridge the divide between uptown Baltimore 's prosperous German Jews and East Baltimore 's impoverished Eastern European and Russian Jews . The association building was constructed midway between uptown and East Baltimore to symbolize this coming together of the two halves of Baltimore 's Jewish community .
The Young Men 's and Young Women 's Hebrew Association Building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985 . It is included in the Baltimore National Heritage Area .
References
External links
, including photo from 1985 , at Maryland Historical Trust
Clubhouses in Maryland
Community centers in Maryland
Mount Vernon , Baltimore
Baltimore National Heritage Area
Buildings and structures completed in 1930
1930 establishments in Maryland
Clubhouses on the National Register of Historic Places in Baltimore
German-Jewish culture in Baltimore
Polish-Jewish culture in Baltimore
Russian-Jewish culture in Baltimore
Ukrainian-Jewish culture in Baltimore
Joseph Evans Sperry buildings
Moorish Revival architecture in Maryland
Jan Erik `` Janne '' Hellström ( born February 21 , 1960 ) is a former Swedish footballer who played as a striker , most notably for IFK Norrköping . He won six caps for the Sweden national team and represented the Sweden Olympic team at the 1988 Summer Olympics .
Football career
Hellström played Swedish top league football for IFK Norrköping ( 247 games , 102 goals ) and Örgryte IS . He started his career in Örtomta GoIS as a youth , then moved , still in his teens , to IF SAAB from Linköping .
In 1977 , his first season as a senior , in the second division , Hellström scored three goals in five games . SAAB was relegated and , in the following year , he had his real breakthrough as a senior playing , netting 25 goals . His achievements were soon recognised by clubs in the top level and , in 1981 , he signed for Norrköping . Local rivals Åtvidabergs FF had tried to sign him since 1980 , but nothing ever came of it .
After the season 1984 and numerous goals for Norrköping , Hellström suddenly left for Örgryte IS from Gothenburg . He commented the move in an interview to Norrköping 's fansite gopeking.net : `` My decision to move was based on several factors . I did not feel the club was trying to invest in anything , the club only played the games , did not sign players and did not show any aspiration that they wanted anything . In addition , the football the coach at the time , Lars-Göran Qwist supported , was not a football I could support . ''
In 1988 , even though his life was well both personally and at work , he eventually agreed on a return to Norrköping , with Tommy Wisell , manager/director at the club , playing an active role in convincing the player . Also during that year , Hellström had a breakthrough in his international career when he played for Sweden at the Seoul Olympic Games ; he finished the tournament as the second best goalscorer in the group play with three goals , only behind Brazil 's Romário ( four ) . Sweden got knocked out of the tournament in the quarterfinal 1–2 defeat against Italy . His total record for the Olympics ( including the qualifiers ) was eight goals in 15 games .
In the following year , 1989 , Hellström was crowned the league 's topscorer for the first and only time in his career , with 16 goals , as IFK Norrköping won the Swedish national championship by defeating Malmö FF in the final games . However , a severe leg injury in left him out of action for a lengthy period , although he continued to play with the club until 1994 .
Subsequently , Hellström left for Hagahöjdens BK in the Swedish fourth division , where he remained until 1996 . After two short half-season comebacks for Åby IF ( in Norrköping ) , he ended his active career in 1999 .
During his career he was linked to Real Zaragoza ( Spain ) and Iraklis Thessaloniki FC ( Greece ) but remained faithful to Norrköping . After retiring , Hellström ( considered one of the best players in the club 's history ) joined the board of directors .
References
External links
1960 births
Living people
People from Söderköping Municipality
Swedish footballers
Association football forwards
Allsvenskan players
IFK Norrköping players
Örgryte IS players
Sweden international footballers
Olympic footballers of Sweden
Footballers at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Östergötland County
Kryłów ( ; ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mircze , within Hrubieszów County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine . It lies approximately , south-east of Hrubieszów , and south-east of the regional capital Lublin .
Jewish Community
The Jewish population numbered 750 Jews in 1921 . Many Jews had left the village during World War I because of its proximity to the battlefront and moved to larger towns in the Lublin district , particularly Hrubieszow . In the inter-war years the Jewish community continued its traditional crafts and trading in the village . Their way of life was religious and the Zionist movement also exerted considerable influence . At the end of September , 1939 the village was occupied by the Germans . Many Jews fled across the Bug River into what is now Ukraine but at the time was a part of Poland .
The remainder were herded into a ghetto . The Jewish community was wiped out in the summer of 1942 . It is unclear how the Jews of the town were exterminated , except that some were sent to the Belzec extermination camp while others were murdered in the town itself . The only survivors were those who managed to escape to the woods .
Castle
There is a castle on an island on the Bug River . The castle was built in the 14th century by J. Ostroróg . In the 17th century the Radziejowski family extended the castle and added reinforcements . The castle was destroyed in the middle of the 17th century . The castle , largely in disrepair , is yet to be archeologically investigated . It 's said to be haunted by the ghost of an owner 's daughter .
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
Ruthenian Voivodeship
Kholm Governorate
Holocaust locations in Poland
From the Wilderness and Lebanon - An Israeli soldier 's story of war and recovery ( ) is the English translation of the first book by Israeli author Asael Lubotzky .
The book records his experiences when serving as an officer in the Israeli army during the 2006 Lebanon War and recounts autobiographically his long period of recovery from the wounds he sustained in battle . The book was originally published in Hebrew by Yedioth Books in 2008 , and became a bestseller , and in English translation under this title in 2016 . The army 's former chief of staff , General Moshe Ya'alon , wrote a laudatory foreword .
Synopsis
The book describes the Second Lebanon War from the perspective of a platoon commander in the Golani Brigade . It records the preparations for battle , the fighting itself , and the responsibilities and challenges that faced him as he led his men forward under fire .
The first section records how the kidnapping of Gilad Shalit compelled Israel to respond and fight in Gaza . Battalion 51 , part of the Golani Brigade , entered Gaza . From fighting there the soldiers were called to fight in the north , in what came to be called the Second Lebanon War and forms the subject of the second section . Among the many engagements , the most memorable was the Battle of Bint Jbeil in which Roi Klein , the deputy-battalion-commander was killed together with seven officers and men . Among the fallen was Amichai , the author 's closest friend , and Asael describes the terrible experience of finding himself holding the dead body of his dearest comrade . It is to the latter 's memory that the book is dedicated . After many days ' fighting at Bint Jbeil , the author himself was severely wounded when an anti-tank missile hit his vehicle .
Then comes the period of his personal struggle , the mental strength he needed in order to undergo numerous operations , lengthy hospitalization , and a protracted period of rehabilitation during which he learned to walk again .
In addition to those personal experiences , there emerge certain stories connected with the past , such as the discovery that the nurse who tended his grandfather , Iser Lubotzky , when injured as a partisan fighting against the Nazis was the mother of the doctor who was treating Asael . As a result of his experiences during his hospitalization , Asael determined that he too would study medicine and , despite the fact that he walks on crutches , Lubotzky has since then become a qualified pediatrician working at the Shaare Zedek Hospital in Jerusalem .
Title of the book
The title of the book has a double meaning , referring both to the location of the Second Lebanon War but also to the biblical verse Deuteronomy 11:24 : `` Every place whereon the soles of your feet shall tread shall be yours : from the wilderness and Lebanon , from the river , the river Euphrates , even unto the uttermost sea shall your coast be '' , defining the boundaries of the Promised Land . There is the further implication that the Desert and Lebanon represent different emotional situations - the first symbolizing the difficult period of his rehabilitation , and the second representing the resilience it demanded .
Reception
The book became a bestseller and received wide coverage , perhaps because it recorded acts of heroism in a war that was perceived by many as a failure . Former IDF chief of staff and former Israeli Defense Minister , Lt. General Moshe ( Bogie ) Ya'alon , wrote in the Foreword :
Many reviews of the book saw it as representing 'the beautiful Israel ' , the embodiment of modern Zionism , while others felt that it should have criticized more forcefully the political and military leadership of the war .
The English translation of the book was launched on October 20 , 2016 , in Jerusalem at an evening event entitled `` Faith and Doubt in Times of Uncertainty '' . The speakers were Rabbi Shlomo Riskin , Brigadier-general Avigdor Kahalani , and the author , Asael Lubotzky . Today the book serves as a text in the IDF 's officers ' course .
External links
From the Wilderness and Lebanon , Official site
References
Books about Israel
2006 Lebanon War
Israeli–Lebanese conflict
Israeli–Palestinian conflict books
2008 non-fiction books
Military autobiographies
Fort Colville was a U.S. Army post in the Washington Territory located north of current Colville , Washington . During its existence from 1859 to 1882 , it was called `` Harney 's Depot '' and `` Colville Depot '' during the first two years , and finally `` Fort Colville '' . Brigadier General William S. Harney , commander of the Department of Oregon , opened up the district north of the Snake River to settlers in 1858 and ordered Brevet Major Pinkney Lugenbeel , 9th Infantry Regiment ( United States ) to establish a military post to restrain the Indians lately hostile to the U. S. Army 's Northwest Division and to protect miners who flooded into the area after first reports of gold in the area appeared in Western Washington newspapers in July 1855 .
It was common practice to use existing Indian trails to develop military roads , and only make necessary improvements for the movement of artillery or supply trains . Brevet Major Lugenbeel followed the long established Hudson 's Bay Company brigade trail from the Fort Walla Walla area to Fort Colvile ( Hudson 's Bay Company ) , but had to leave the trail at current Orin-Rice Road , two miles south of Colville , when the southernmost land claims of the Hudson 's Bay Company started . Washington Territorial Governor Isaac Stevens and the U. S. Army were ordered by the United States Department of State to honor land ownership claims by the Hudson 's Bay Company . The road became the Fort Walla Walla Fort Colville Military Road . Lugenbeel 's command arrived from Fort Walla Walla on June 20 , 1859 .
Major Lugenbeel was appointed special agent for the Indians in the region located near Fort Colville . After Lugenbeel departed , the Indian Agent was a civilian . President U. S. Grant and the U. S. Congress to reduce corruption in the handling of Indian Affairs created , in 1869 , the Board of Indian Commissioners The Indian Agent for the Colville tribe , Lakes people , Sanpoil tribe , Okanogan people , Spokane people , and early on the Kalispel people moved from the fort to Chewelah , Washington by 1872 .
Building the fort
Brevet Major Lugenbeel was directed to build a four-company post able to house 300 men and the U. S. Northwest Boundary Commission personnel . A sawmill owned by R. H. Douglas was two miles from the post at Douglas Falls , but he wanted twice as much as normal for the lumber . Lugenbeel built a sawmill for the fort a half-mile up on Mill Creek to keep costs down .
The U. S. Northwest Boundary Survey personnel arrived at the fort on December 3 , 1859 , but the buildings assigned to them were not complete . Temperatures were down to −22 °F and they were housed in tents until December 19 , 1859 . The newly competed buildings were solid and warm and home to the survey personnel for two years as they surveyed and cut the border on the 49th parallel to the Rocky Mountains .
A small town developed outside the post , Pinkney City , Washington , the name derived from Lugenbeel 's first name . In 1860 , Pinkney City , became the original Spokane County , Washington county seat , and in 1864 , when Spokane County and Stevens County , Washington merged , it remained the county seat for Stevens County . From 1860 to January 1864 , Spokane County used the fort jail for any incarcerations .
On September 28 , 1860 , 1st Lieutenant August V. Kautz arrived at Fort Colville with 150 recruits . His journal recorded the route from Coeur d'Alene to the fort along the road built by the U. S. Northwest Boundary Commission above the Spokane River and then along the Fort Walla Walla Fort Colville Military Road .
Fort Colville during the American Civil War
When the American Civil War started in 1861 , officers were ordered to renew their Oath of Allegiance , with four officers eventually resigning to serve with the Confederate States of America . As the Civil War started , Lugenbeel was ordered to take his two companies of regular army to Fort Walla Walla in November 1861 , to be replaced by volunteers .
Volunteers man the post
Taking over in late 1861 were C and D Companies , 4th California Infantry Regiment . Locals considered these troops , with some recruited from Alcatrez Prison , as a bad lot including one of the fort 's lieutenants who murdered John Burt .
On July 11 , 1862 , B and C Companies , 1st Regiment Washington Territory Volunteer Infantry , took over the fort .
On May 26 , 1865 , one company of the 1st Oregon Volunteer Infantry Regiment took over the fort .
Return of the U.S. Army regular troops
On November 3 , 1865 , regular troops G Company , 14th Infantry Regiment of the U. S. Army , returned to man the fort . On February 18 , 1867 , soldiers of G Company killed Deputy Sheriff Horace P. Stewart as he tried to break up a beating of his business partner , Jack Shaw , at the saloon owned by both men .
On 6 May 1867 , G Company , 23rd Infantry Regiment , took over responsibility for the fort .
On February 10 , 1869 , Company D , 23rd Infantry , took over manning the fort .
On June 10 , 1872 , E Company , 21st Infantry Regiment , took over manning the fort .
Cavalry troops assigned for the first time
In 1875 , for the first time cavalry troops were assigned to the fort , when E Company was reinforced by M Company , 1st Cavalry Regiment ( United States ) . Accommodations for horses were added to the fort . In 1876 , Indian unrest in the Montana Territory continued to show the need for the fort . In 1877 , many soldiers who had been stationed at Fort Colville took part in the pursuit and battles with the Nez Perce .
On October 21 , 1880 , Fort Spokane was established by the U. S. Army at the junction of the Columbia and Spokane Rivers . Cavalry often stayed at Fort Colville due to a scarcity of hay and grain around Fort Spokane until the summer of 1885 .
One of the last actions from the fort was 1st Lt Henry H. Pierce 's expedition from Fort Colville to Puget Sound , Washington Territory by way of Lake Chelan and Skagit River August and September 1882 .
Nine months after the garrison was withdrawn , Commanding General of the United States Army William Tecumseh Sherman visited Fort Colville in August 1883 in a tour of Army posts in the west .
Post closed
Fort Colville was closed in 1882 . On September 11 , 1929 , Colville civic leaders dedicated a monument to the fort .
The bodies of soldiers who died while serving at the fort were disinterred and moved to the Presidio of San Francisco and the San Francisco National Cemetery . Those that stayed in the area are likely buried at the Evergreen Cemetery established immediately west of the old fort .
Notables associated with Fort Colville
In 1859 , Captain John Mullan came to Fort Colville to ascertain improvement to the Fort Walla Walla Fort Colville Military Road in preparation for building the Mullan Road .
First lieutenant John Grubb Parke was a chief astronomer , surveyor , and topographical engineer for the U.S. Northwest Boundary Commission in 1859 . He later served as a general in the Civil War , and retired after serving as the Superintendent , United States Military Academy .
Captain John Wesley Frazer commanded C Company , 9th Infantry and helped build Fort Colville in 1859 . He was a Brigadier General in the Confederacy .
First lieutenant Nathaniel Wickliffe , served at Fort Colville in 1860 and resigned his commission to serve with the 5th Mississippi Cavalry .
Joseph Smith Harris was part of the U. S. Northwest Boundary Commission stationed at the fort 1859-1861 .
Second lieutenant Charles Garrison Harker was part of the escort duty for the U.S. Northwest Boundary Commission in 1859 . He was a U. S. Army Brigadier General in the Civil War and he died in Battle of Kennesaw Mountain on June 27 , 1864 .
First lieutenant George W. Carr , left in 1861 to served with the 57th Virginia Infantry for the Confederacy .
Captain James J. Archer , commander Co I , 9th Infantry protected the U. S. Northwest Boundary Commission and served at the fort . He served as a Brigadier General in the Confederate Army .
Captain Crawford Fletcher commanded Company K , 9th Infantry in 1861 when the fort was built and resigned his commission to join the Confederate Army .
Major James Freeman Curtis commanded Company C and D , 4th California Infantry Regiment . His command consisted partially of men released from Alcatraz Island to form two companies . He served in the Civil War and was retroactively promoted to Brigadier General . He became the Idaho Secretary of State in 1892 .
Major C. W. Rumrill took over the post in 1862 with B and C Company , 1st Regiment Washington Territory Volunteer Infantry .
Captain Fredinand O. McCown in 1865 with one company of the 1st Oregon Volunteer Infantry Regiment , took over command the fort . McCown served three terms as mayor of Oregon City , Oregon and was a co-founder of the Oregon City Electric Company .
Captain George L. Browning on February 10 , 1869 , with D Company , 23rd Infantry Regiment and took over the fort . He later took part in the Battle of the Big Hole Nez Perce War .
First lieutenant William R. Abercrombie was commander of the E Company , 2nd Infantry when he took over the fort in 1871 . After an extensive U. S. Army career , Fort Abercrombie , Alaska was named after him , as was Abercrombie Mountain in Stevens County .
Captain Evan Miles on June 10 , 1872 , with E Company , 21st Infantry Regiment ( United States ) took over the fort . He commanded a battalion during the Paiute War .
Captain Moses Harris , who commanded the fort from 1875 to 1878 , received the Medal of Honor during the Civil War .
Second Lieutenant Frederick S. Foltz , H Company , 1st Cavalry served at the fort in 1878 . He led the 91st Division ( United States ) as commanding general when they went overseas to fight in World War I .
George Washington Goethals arrived at Fort Colville in advance of General Sherman 's tour of army posts in 1883 . He directed building the Panama Canal to completion .
Major William F. Drum , last commander of Fort Colville in 1882 . He joined the 2nd Ohio Infantry as a private , rose to the rank of Lieutenant colonel in the Civil War . He was the commanding officer of Fort Yates , North Dakota when he died on July 4 , 1892 .
John U. Hofstetter , a soldier at the fort when it was built . He left the service and stayed in the area . He was a Spokane and Stevens County Commissioner , Sheriff , and founding father of the City of Colville .
References
Sources
Further reading
External links
Stevens County Historical Society : Fort Colville Museum
Colville
Washington Territory
Closed installations of the United States Army
Buildings and structures in Stevens County , Washington
1859 establishments in Washington Territory
1882 disestablishments in the United States
The qualification competition for the 2008 AFC U-19 Championship took place from 17 October 2007 to 28 November 2007 . Saudi Arabia qualified automatically as hosts .
Teams that did not enter
Group A
All matches played home & away
Group B
Group C
Group D
Group E
Group F
Group G
Qualified For The AFC U-19 Championship 2008
Australia
( host country )
References
External links
Details on AFC.com
2008
Qual
Qual
Kyaw Myint ( , born 22 January 1940 ) is a Burmese physician and former Minister of Health . He previously served as a member of parliament in the House of Representatives for Chanayethazan Township constituency . He has served as the personal physician of Than Shwe , the country 's former head of state .
References
20th-century Burmese physicians
1940 births
Members of Pyithu Hluttaw
Living people
Union Solidarity and Development Party politicians
University of Medicine 1 , Yangon alumni
Health ministers of Myanmar
Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List
Paolo Marostica is an Italian lightweight rower . He won a gold medal at the 1985 World Rowing Championships in Hazewinkel with the lightweight men 's eight .
References
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Italian male rowers
World Rowing Championships medalists for Italy
Living people
The Giant Virus Finder is a free bioinformatics software for finding giant viruses in metagenomes .
Applications
The Giant Virus Finder tool integrates and applies the Giant Virus Toplist , the list of the largest virus genomes . With the tool , giant viruses were found in diverse habitats , like the Great Rann of Kutch
or the Mojave Desert , the Prairie , or the Antarctic dry valleys .
References
Metagenomics software
Free bioinformatics software
Heinz Zednik ( born February 21 , 1940 ) is an Austrian operatic buffo tenor , closely associated with the character tenor roles of Wagner such as Mime and Loge ( Der Ring des Nibelungen ) and David ( Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg ) . He is also distinguished in roles such as Valzacchi ( Der Rosenkavalier ) , Monostatos ( The Magic Flute ) , Pedrillo ( Die Entführung aus dem Serail ) , the Scribe ( Khovanshchina ) , the Captain in Wozzeck , and the Director ( Luciano Berio 's Un re in ascolto ) .
Zednik studied singing in Vienna before making his professional opera début in 1964 at Graz as Maestro Trabuco in La forza del destino . Shortly thereafter he was engaged by the Vienna State Opera where he remains a member to this day . He appeared at the Bayreuth Festival annually from 1970 through 1980 , and was seen as the successor to Gerhard Stolze . During his time at the festival , he sang Loge and Mime in the Jahrhundertring ( Centenary Ring ) in 1976 , celebrating the centenary of both the festival and the first performance of the complete cycle , conducted by Pierre Boulez and staged by Patrice Chéreau , recorded and filmed in 1979 and 1980 .
Zednik made his debut at the Metropolitan Opera in 1981 as Mime in Das Rheingold . He returned to that house numerous times through 1998 in such roles as Don Basilio in The Marriage of Figaro , the Dancing Master in Ariadne auf Naxos , Monostatos , Pedrillo , and Prince Shuisky in Boris Godunov .
He played Mime in the 1990 PBS broadcast from the Metropolitan Opera , for the largest viewing-audience ( world-wide ) of the Ring in history .
He won two Grammy Awards , in 1982 and 1989 , both for recording Wagner roles .
References
Heinz Zednik : Mein Opernleben ( Edition Steinbauer )
External links
Playing Loge , on YouTube
Playing Mime the evil dwarf , on YouTube
1940 births
Living people
20th-century Austrian people
21st-century Austrian people
Austrian operatic tenors
Wienerlied
Grammy Award winners
Austrian people of Czech descent
Musicians from Vienna
Eynabad ( , also Romanized as ‘ Eynābād ) is a village in Fazl Rural District , in the Central District of Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 76 , in 19 families .
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Grape syrup is a condiment made with concentrated grape juice . It is thick and sweet because of its high ratio of sugar to water . Grape syrup is made by boiling grapes , removing their skins , squeezing them through a sieve to extract the juice , and adding sugar . Like other fruit syrups , a common use of grape syrup is as a topping to sweet cakes , such as pancakes or waffles .
Names and etymology
The ancient Greek name for grape syrup is siraios ( σιραίος ) , in the general category of hepsema ( ἕψημα ) , which translates to 'boiled ' . The Greek name was used in Crete and , in modern times , in Cyprus .
Petimezi is the name for a type of Mediterranean grape syrup . The word comes from the Turkish pekmez , which usually refers to grape syrup , but is also used to refer to mulberry and other fruit syrups .
Vincotto ( not to be confused with vino cotto ) is the southern Italian term for grape syrup . It is made only from cooked wine grape must ( mosto cotto ) , with no fermentation involved . There is no alcohol or vinegar content , and no additives , preservatives or sweeteners are added . It is both a condiment and ingredient used in either sweet or savory dishes .
History
Greco-Roman
One of the earliest mentions of grape syrup comes from the fifth-century BC Greek physician Hippocrates , who refers to hépsēma ( ἕψημα ) , the Greek name for the condiment . The fifth-century BC Athenian playwright Aristophanes also makes a reference to it , as does Roman-era Greek physician Galen .
Grape syrup was known by different names in Ancient Roman cuisine depending on the boiling procedure . Defrutum , carenum , and sapa were reductions of must . They were made by boiling down grape juice or must in large kettles until it had been reduced to two-thirds of the original volume , carenum ; half the original volume , defrutum ; or one-third , sapa . The Greek name for this variant of grape syrup was siraion ( Greek : `` σίραιον '' ) .
The main culinary use of defrutum was to help preserve and sweeten wine , but it was also added to fruit and meat dishes as a sweetening and souring agent and even given to food animals such as ducks and suckling pigs to improve the taste of their flesh . Defrutum was mixed with garum to make the popular condiment oenogarum . Quince and melon were preserved in defrutum and honey through the winter , and some Roman women used defrutum or sapa as a cosmetic . Defrutum was often used as a food preservative in provisions for Roman troops .
There is some confusion as the amount of reduction for sapa and defrutum . As James Grout explains in its Encyclopedia Romana , authors informed different reductions , as follows : The elder Cato , Columella , and Pliny all describe how unfermented grape juice ( mustum , must ) was boiled to concentrate its natural sugars . `` A product of art , not of nature , '' the must was reduced to one half ( defrutum ) or even one third its volume ( sapa ) ( Pliny , XIV.80 ) , although the terms are not always consistent . Columella identifies defrutum as `` must of the sweetest possible flavour '' that has been boiled down to a third of its volume ( XXI.1 ) . Isidore of Seville , writing in the seventh century AD , says that it is sapa that has been reduced by a third but goes on to imagine that defrutum is so called because it has been cheated or defrauded ( defrudare ) ( Etymologies , XX.3.15 ) . Varro reverses Pliny 's proportions altogether ( quoted in Nonius Marcellus , De Conpendiosa Doctrina , XVIII.551M ) .Defrutum is mentioned in almost all Roman books dealing with cooking or household management . Pliny the Elder recommended that defrutum only be boiled at the time of the new moon , while Cato the Censor suggested that only the sweetest possible defrutum should be used .
In ancient Rome , grape syrup was often boiled in lead pots , which sweetened the syrup through the leaching of the sweet-tasting chemical compound lead acetate into the syrup . Incidentally , this is thought to have caused lead poisoning for Romans consuming the syrup . A 2009 History Channel documentary produced a batch of historically accurate defrutum in lead-lined vessels and tested the liquid , finding a lead level of 29,000 parts per billion ( ppb ) , which is 2,900 times higher than contemporary American drinking water limit of 10 ppb . These levels are easily high enough to cause either acute lead toxicity if consumed in large amounts or chronic lead poisoning when consumed in smaller quantities over a longer period of time ( as defrutum was typically used ) .
However , the use of leaden cookware , though popular , was not the general standard of use . Copper cookware was used far more generally and no indication exists as to how often sapa was added or in what quantity . There is not , however , scholarly agreement on the circumstances and quantity of lead in these ancient Roman condiments . For instance , the original research was done by Jerome Nriagu , but was criticized by John Scarborough , a pharmacologist and classicist , who characterized Nriagu 's research as `` so full of false evidence , miscitations , typographical errors , and a blatant flippancy regarding primary sources that the reader can not trust the basic arguments . ''
Modern
Cyprus
The ancient Greek name hépsēma ( now pronounced épsēma in Cypriot Greek ) is still used to refer to the condiment , which is still made in Cyprus .
Greece
Petimezi ( Greek : πετιμέζι ) , also called epsima ( έψημα ) and in English `` grapemust '' or `` grape molasses '' , is a syrup that is reduced until it becomes dark and syrupy . Petimezi keeps indefinitely . Its flavor is sweet with slightly bitter undertones . The syrup may be light or dark colored , depending on the grapes used . Before the wide availability of inexpensive cane sugar , petimezi was a common sweetener in Greek cooking , along with carob syrup and honey . Petimezi is still used today in desserts and as a sweet topping for some foods . Though petimezi can be homemade , it is also sold commercially under different brand names .
Fruits and vegetables that have been candied by boiling in petimezi ( epsima ) are called retselia .
From late August until the beginning of December , many Greek bakeries make and sell dark crunchy and fragrant petimezi cookies , moustokoúloura ( Greek : μουστοκούλουρα ) .
Petimezopita ( Greek : πετιμεζόπιτα ) is a spiced cake with petimezi .
Iran
In Iranian cuisine , grape syrup ( in ) is used to sweeten ardeh ( tahini ) , which is consumed at breakfast . An alternative is date syrup , which is also widely used in Middle Eastern cooking .
Italy
Saba , ( from the Latin word sapa , with the same meaning ) , vincotto or vino cotto is commonly used in Italy , especially in the regions of Emilia Romagna , Marche , Calabria , and Sardinia , where it is considered a traditional flavor .
North Macedonia
In North Macedonia , a form of grape syrup known as Madjun ( Macedonian : Гроздов маџун ) has been produced for centuries , commonly used as a sweetener , but also as traditional medicine . It never contains any added sugar .
South Africa
In South Africa , the grape syrup is known as Moskonfyt .
Spain
Arrope is a form of grape concentrate typically produced in Spain . Often derived from grape varieties such as Pedro Ximénez , it is made by boiling unfermented grape juice until the volume is reduced by at least 50 % , and its viscosity reduced to a syrup . The final product is a thick liquid with cooked caramel flavours , and its use is frequent as an additive for dark , sweet wines such as sweet styles of sherry , Malaga , and Marsala .
Turkey
In Turkey , grape syrup is known as pekmez .
The Levant
Grape syrup is known as Dibs al-anab in the Arab Countries of the Levant ( Jordan , Palestine , Lebanon and Syria ) and Davash Anavim in Israel , both means `` Grape Honey '' , it is usually used as a sweetener and as part of desserts alongside carob syrup and bee honey , in Israel it is also used to sweeten wine and eaten with leben and toasted nuts such as walnuts and almonds for breakfast .
See also
Churchkhela , a sausage-shaped candy made from grape must , flour and nuts
Drakshasava , an Ayurvedic tonic made from grapes
Moustalevria
Must
Pekmez , a similar product in the Ottoman world
Pomegranate syrup
Vino cotto
List of fruit dishes
List of grape dishes
List of syrups
References
Further reading
Theodoros Varzakas , Athanasios Labropoulos , Stylianos Anestis , eds. , Sweeteners : Nutritional Aspects , Applications , and Production Technology , 2012 , , p. 201ff .
Harris , Andy Modern Greek : 170 Contemporary Recipes from the Mediterranean . Chronicle Books , 2002 .
Ilaria G. Giacosa ; A Taste of Ancient Rome ; University of Chicago Press ; ( paperback , 1994 )
Pliny the Elder ; Natural History ; tr . H. Rackham ; Harvard University Press ( Loeb Classical Library ) ; ( cloth , 1956 )
Marcus Porcius Cato ; On Agriculture ; Harvard University Press ( Loeb Classical Library ) ; ( hardcover , 1979 )
External links
James Grout , Lead Poisoning , part of the Encyclopædia Romana
Condiments
Fruit dishes
Fruit juice
Grape juice
Greek cuisine
Lead poisoning
Oenology
Roman cuisine
Sugar substitutes
Syrup
Toxicology
The North Devon Hospice is a charity based in Barnstaple , Devon , England , which provides palliative care . It was established in 1983 .
It operates a hospice in Barnstaple and palliative home care . It is developing a new base in the grounds of the Holsworthy Medical Centre .
History
In 2014 , it won the UK Charity of the Year award .
In June 2020 , the Hospice 's volunteers were awarded the Queen 's Award for Voluntary Service .
Max Woosey
In 2020 11-year-old Max Woosey from Braunton , began raising money for the hospice , which had cared for his late neighbour Rick , by camping in his back garden . In August 2021 he spent his 500th consecutive night under canvass , by which time he had raised over £640,000 . In November 2021 , Woosey was given a Pride of Britain 'Spirit of Adventure ' Award presented by Bear Grylls , and invited to send the night camping on the pitch at Twickenham Stadium . Invited by the award organisers to spend the night before the ceremony in a hotel , he instead slept on its balcony .
Woosey was awarded the British Empire Medal in the 2022 New Year Honours .
References
External links
Hospices in England
Health in Devon
1984 establishments in England
Volk 's Electric Railway ( VER ) is a narrow gauge heritage railway that runs along a length of the seafront of the English seaside resort of Brighton . It was built by Magnus Volk , the first section being completed in August 1883 , and is the oldest operational electric railway in the world , though it was not the first electric railway to be built . It was preceded by electrification of Miller 's line in 1875 , Werner von Siemens ' 1879 demonstration line in Berlin and by the Gross-Lichterfelde Tramway of 1881 , although none of these remain in operation .
Operated as an historical seafront tourist attraction , the railway does not usually run during the winter months , and its service is also liable to occasional suspension due to severe weather or maintenance issues .
History
Volk family
On 3 August 1883 Magnus Volk opened a electric railway running for between Swimming Arch ( opposite the main entrance to Brighton Aquarium , and adjacent to the site of the future Palace Pier ) and Chain Pier . Electrical power at 50 V DC was supplied to the small car using the two running rails . On 4 April 1884 the line was extended a further beyond the Chain Pier to Paston Place ( now known as Halfway ) , and regauged to . The electrical supply was increased to 160 V DC and the power plant was installed in the arch built into the cliff face at Paston Place . In 1886 an off-set third rail was added to minimise current leakage .
In 1896 the unusual Brighton and Rottingdean Seashore Electric Railway was built by Volk . Due to problems concerning the construction of lengthened groynes to the east of Paston Place this closed in 1901 , although it was not finally dismantled until 1910 . Following the closure Volk 's original electric railway was extended from Paston Place ( today 's Halfway ) to Black Rock on 21 February 1901 . Paston Place was also the home of Volk 's Seaplane Station , which was used by Volk 's son George Herbert Volk . In 1930 the line was cut back from Palace Pier to its present terminus , still known as Aquarium . In 1935 a lido was built at Black Rock , and the line was shortened by around to accommodate it . In 1937 a new Black Rock station was opened at the end of the shortened line .
Brighton Corporation
In April 1940 , Brighton Corporation took control of the line . On 2 July 1940 , World War II defensive preparations resulted in the line closing . After the war , starting in 1947 , the corporation rebuilt the line using rail for the running line and mounted on insulators for the third rail . At Black Rock a new station was built to replace the 1937 building which had suffered badly during the war . The line reopened for passengers in 1948 .
Winter operation ceased from 1954 , although the line did reopen temporarily in the winter of 1980 to cash in on the large numbers of sightseers who had come to look at the Athina B , a freighter that had beached near the Palace Pier . Two-car multiple operation was introduced in 1964 . In recent years there has been a decline in visitor numbers due to package holidays abroad . In 1995 the Volk 's Electric Railway Association was formed to help the operator of the line ( Brighton & Hove City Council ) promote and operate the line . In 2003 the Volks Railway Institute of Science and Technology was formed to promote the educational and science side of the Victorian railway to schools and special interest groups .
In the late 1990s the Black Rock end of the line was shortened by 211 feet to permit a storm water storage scheme to be built in the marina area . The 1948 station was demolished and replaced by a new single platform station , which opened in 1998 and shares a building with a new Southern Water pumping station .
Lottery funding
In 2014 it was announced that the railway had been awarded a grant of £1.6 million by the Heritage Lottery Fund , a sum which had to be spent by March 2017 . The work funded included : the provision of a new visitor centre and ticket office at the Aquarium station ; a new five-road depot ( 4 stock roads and one through running line ) with engineering facilities , inspection pit , and public viewing gallery at Halfway ; the restoration of cars 4 , 6 , and 10 from a semi-derelict state to full working order ; and the provision of new educational materials about the railway .
Route
Overview
Today the line runs between terminal stations at Aquarium ( a short distance from the Palace Pier ) and Black Rock ( at Black Rock , not far from Brighton Marina ) , with an intermediate station and depot at Halfway .
The line has a narrow gauge , is electrified at 110 V DC using a third rail , and is long .
There are no branch lines , although there was originally a branch at Paston Place ( now Halfway ) , with a line running across Madeira Drive and into the railway 's workshops , which were located ( with Magnus Volk 's office ) inside the cliff on the landward side of the road .
Stations
Palace Pier was the original terminus of 1883 in the centre of Brighton . Named Aquarium at the original opening , it was renamed Palace Pier in 1899 when the pier of that name was opened to the public . The station was closed in 1930 when the western end of the railway was shortened to allow the widening of Madeira Drive .
Aquarium station opened in 1930 , as the new western terminus of the line following its shortening . As the new station was closer to the old Brighton Aquarium than the Palace Pier , the new station revived the old Aquarium name . It remains the western terminus . Originally provided with two platforms , one was closed in the 1960s , and the tracks were later taken up , leaving today 's station as single-platform . The station was completely rebuilt in 2016-2017 and now has toilets , a cafeteria , staff rooms , a ticket office , and an exhibition centre .
Halfway station is located in the middle of the railway , and has previously been known as Paston Place , Children 's Playground , and Peter Pan 's Playground . The original station opened in 1884 when the line was extended , and was both the eastern terminus and the depot . Volk also built his own offices at this location , inland from the station . The original station was located on the same site as the depot , and remained there until the station remodelling just after the second world war , when the new station platforms and passenger shelters were constructed about 50 yards further west than the original site . The station has two platform faces , on a single central island platform , in the centre of a passing loop . There is a public viewing gallery in the neighbouring railway depot and workshop .
Black Rock station opened in 1901 when the railway was extended eastwards . The original station , with two platforms , a ticket office , and a waiting room , was situated in an isolated location . Subsequently , a Corporation swimming pool gave further purpose to the location , and today it is close to the thriving Brighton Marina . The original station was replaced in 1911 with a much larger bungalow-style building . This was in turn closed and demolished in the winter of 1936-1937 when the line was shortened to allow for the construction of the Black Rock swimming pool . The new Black Rock station opened in May 1937 , still with two platforms . The station building was again rebuilt in 1948 in Art Deco style , still with two platforms , although from the mid-1960s the south platform was abandoned . In the 1980s the second ( south ) platform was restored and used for special school visits trains , operating around the timetabled service . This was short-lived , and in 1989 the south platform track was lifted . The station was briefly renamed Marina Station in the early 1990s , but was in turn demolished in the mid-1990s during a storm drain project , with a new Regency style station building opened in 1998 . This new station , which reverted to the original Black Rock name , was provided with only one platform ( plus ticket office and toilets ) , and remains in current use .
No other stations are in current use , although there have been halts associated with intermediate passing loops . Former intermediate passing loop halts have been known as Sussex Square ( or Lift ) , and Kemp Town . There was also a temporary Black Rock station constructed , with platform and booking office , during the storm drain project of the mid-1990s .
Signalling
The line is single throughout , with three passing loops - one at Halfway station ( previously known as Paston Place and Peter Pan 's Playground ) , and two others roughly midway between each terminal station and Halfway . The passing loops are equipped with spring loaded turnouts . These are set so that trains entering a loop are routed to the left track . Trains can exit the loop by pushing the switch blade to the appropriate position . In normal service two trains operate from end to end , passing at Halfway station , and there is generally only one train on each single track section at any one time . This is sufficient to provide a 15-minute interval service . Drivers are now equipped with radios which allow communication between themselves , stations , and control .
Nevertheless , the line is operated using single track tokens . There are four colour coded tokens , one each for the sections between Aquarium and the first passing loop ( red token ) , the passing loop and Halfway ( yellow token ) , Halfway to the next passing loop ( blue token ) , and the passing loop to Black Rock ( white token ) . In practice , the two pairs of tokens ( for the two sections west of Halfway , and for the two sections east of Halfway ) are permanently combined into a single dual token , marked with two colours , as full operation of the line as four block sections is very rare . Due to the low line speed , multiple trains are able to operate in each section , but the token must be carried on the train furthest from Halfway .
There are warning lights at pedestrian crossing points to the beach with a warbling siren to warn of the approach of a train . A following train is required to signal its approach to a pedestrian crossing point by sounding its klaxon horn . One such crossing provides the only external access to Halfway station .
Rolling Stock
The numbering of cars can cause some confusion as numbers were duplicated when new cars replaced scrapped vehicles . In 1948 cars nos . 8 , 9 and 10 were renumbered 5 , 2 and 1 respectively after the cars bearing those numbers were scrapped . All cars reverted to their original numbers in the year 2000 . The cars were often built in pairs . Currently , there are seven electric cars and one diesel locomotive in operation on the line with an additional two electric cars on static display elsewhere .
The railway also has a few service wagons that are used with the diesel locomotive .
A highly detailed model of Volks carriage No . 6 is on show in the foyer of the Brighton Toy and Model Museum , donated by Siemens who provided much of the electrical equipment used on the railway .
Volk 's Electric Railway Association ( VERA )
At the invitation of the Council and the management of the railway a supporters association , 'The Volk 's Electric Railway Association ' was formed in 1995 . Members of the Association provide practical and promotional help to the railway , including operation and maintenance tasks . The Association also attends various exhibitions with a large operating model of the railway as it was in the 1950s . Membership is open to all with an interest in the railway . Members receive a quarterly magazine , reduced rate travel on the railway and free admission to a series of winter meetings held in Brighton . The Association also acts as a collector for Volk 's memorabilia and ephemera , some of which can be seen at the South Downs Heritage Centre in Hassocks . The largest object now in the care of the Association is the ex Southend Car which , between 1950 and 2000 , carried the Volk 's fleet number 9 . Car 3 will become a two-year joint restoration project if the temporary restoration shed gains consent during spring 2014 .
References
Bibliography
External links
Volk 's Electric Railway website
Volks Railway information at Brighton & Hove City Council website
Volk 's Electric Railway Association
Volks Railway Institute of Science and Technology
Southern e-group photos
illustrated description of the railway
Map sources for :
Heritage railways in East Sussex
Transport in Brighton and Hove
Tourist attractions in Brighton and Hove
2 ft gauge railways in England
2 ft 8½ in gauge railways in England
Railway lines opened in 1883
1883 establishments in England
is a district of Shinagawa , Tokyo , Japan . The district is in the northern part of Shinagawa and borders Mita ( Meguro-Mita ) and Ebisuminami on the north , Shirokanedai on the east , Higashigotanda on the southeast , Nishigotanda on the southwest , and Meguro and Shimomeguro on the west .
Kamiōsaki is home to Meguro Station ; therefore , commercial areas around the station are often recognized as a part of the broader Meguro area .
Otherwise , most of Kamiōsaki is a quiet upscale residential district , notably with its 2-chōme and 3-chōme called and , respectively .
Districts of Shinagawa
Fire Maple Games is a game development studio known for creating `` The Secret of Grisly Manor , '' which has reached # 1 paid iPhone app in 16 stores and has been downloaded more than 3.5 million times . This success was replicated by their later release `` The Lost City . ''
Fire Maple Games uses Corona SDK to develop mobile applications .
Published games
The Great International Word Search ! for macOS
The Secret of Grisly Manor for Android and iOS
The Lost City for Android , iOS , Kindle and NOOK
The Hidden World for Android , iOS , Kindle Fire & NOOK
Akkadia for Windows PC XP or Vista and Mac OS 10.4 or later
Stunt Squirrels for Android , iOS , Kindle and NOOK
Danger Cats for Android , iOS , Kindle and NOOK
Return to Grisly Manor for Android and iOS .
Thickety Creek for Android and iOS
Curse of the Cobra for Android and iOS
References
External links
Fire maple Games website
Corona SDK Post
Corona SDK statistics
Information Week sales results
Video game companies of the United States
Video game development companies
Nobody 's Children is a 1994 American TV film directed by David Wheatley . The film was written by Petru Popescu and Iris Friedman for USA Pictures . The film concerns an American couple 's battle through bureaucracy to adopt a Romanian child .
Cast
Ann-Margret as Carol Stevens
Dominique Sanda as Stephanie Vaugier
Jay O. Sanders as Joe Stevens
Reiner Schöne as Sorin Dornescu
Clive Owen as Corneliu Bratu
Allan Corduner as Ion
Katrin Cartlidge as Viorica
Leon Lissek as Dr. Preda
References
1994 films
American television films
Films shot in Romania
Sofa King Killer was an American sludge metal band from Akron , Ohio .
Biography
Sofa King Killer 's ( abbreviated as SKK ) vision was to create a hybrid band of different genres including doom metal , sludge metal , rock and roll and punk rock . The band was known for guitar riffs inspired by Black Sabbath , drums of the Melvins and the vocals of Eyehategod .
Forming in 1999 , Sofa King Killer was part of the Akron and Cleveland heavy metal scene . They played in Greater Cleveland , Ohio with the likes of Abdullah , Boulder , Fistula , Keelhaul , Rebreather , and Rue . They were associated to bands such as Alabama Thunderpussy , Beaten Back To Pure , Mugwart and Weedeater mainly for their sludge metal sound inspired by southern rock .
In 2000 , Sofa King Killer released Stout-Soaked Songs independently . Shifty Records ( USA ) discovered them and set up plans to release a Mini CD with the sludge metal band Fistula . Around the same time of this release Gary , owner of Shifty Records ( USA ) sent a demo of Stout-Soaked songs to Tony Presedo of Tee Pee Records to be released as a split EP with Leechmilk from Atlanta , Georgia in 2001 .
After the release of Leechmilk/Sofa King Killer split EP they went on several short tours along the east coast with sludge metal band Fistula . They played with bands such as Beaten Back To Pure , Slow Horse , Molehill , Mugwart and Weedeater . At the time , members of Sofa King Killer and Gary from Shifty Records ( USA ) booked the first set of tours before their next release .
In 2002 , Sofa King Killer released Lust Crimes And Holiness with record label At A Loss Recordings . Shortly after this release Sofa King Killer signed with UK label Retribute Records and toured the west coast booked by Thunderdome Booking Agency in support of their Midnight Magic album release . They set out on a lengthy tour with sludge metal pioneers 16 as an opening act which would be their last tour of the West Coast only to play local and regional shows until the band broke up in 2009 .
Discography
Albums
Stout-Soaked Songs ( CD ) - DIY , 2000
Midnight Magic ( CD ) - Retribute Records , 2004
Split CDs & EPs
Sofa King Killer/Fistula ( CD ) - Shifty Records ( USA ) , 2000
Leechmilk/Sofa King Killer ( CD ) - Tee Pee Records , 2001
Lust Crimes And Holiness ( CD ) - At A Loss Recordings , 2003
References
American doom metal musical groups
Heavy metal musical groups from Ohio
Musical groups from Cleveland
Musical groups established in 1999
Musical groups disestablished in 2009
1999 establishments in Ohio
Orr Barouch ( ; born 29 November 1991 ) is an Israeli footballer who currently plays for Cal FC .
Career
Early life and career
Barouch is Jewish , and was born in Haifa , Israel . He moved to the United States with his parents as a child . He grew up in Woodland Hills , California , attended El Camino Real High School and played in the youth ranks of Chivas USA . During the summer of 2009 , Barouch was one of the athletes selected to tour Europe with the SuperElite Discover Europe team of top youth soccer players based in America . While with Chivas he drew the interest of Belgian side Club Brugge . However , in 2009 he elected to sign with Mexico 's Tigres de la UANL . While with the Monterrey-based club , Barouch appeared in 24 youth team matches , scoring one goal , primarily as a left winger , and helped Tigres to a first-place finish in the Mexican U-20 Apertura tournament , but he never played for senior Tigres team .
Chicago Fire
During the 2011 Major League Soccer preseason Barouch joined Chicago Fire on trial . Barouch became the third Israeli ever to play in the Major League Soccer , after Guy Melamed and Dedi Ben Dayan .
Barouch impressed during his trial stint and was signed on loan from Tigres on 10 March 2011 , with the American side holding an option to purchase his contract .
He made his professional debut on 19 March 2011 in Chicago 's 1–1 tie with FC Dallas on the opening day of the 2011 MLS season. , and scored his first professional goal on 24 May in a 2–2 tie with Toronto FC . On 2 December 2011 Chicago Fire purchased the rights to Barouch from Tigres .
On 13 September 2012 Chicago Fire announced it loaned Barouch to the Israeli club Bnei Yehuda Tel Aviv for the remainder of the 2012 season .
Bnei Yehuda
In August 2012 , it was reported Bnei Yehuda purchased Orr Barouch for a fee of $ 400,000 signing the player to a four-year contract . However , there have not been any official announcements from either club confirming this .
On 14 February 2014 Chicago Fire announced Orr Barouch re-joined the team after a year and a half on loan with Bnei Yehuda .
After struggling for minutes in 2014 , Barouch and Chicago mutually agreed to part ways on 11 June 2014 .
International
Barouch grew up in Southern California and is a U.S. green card holder . While trialing with the Chicago Fire in February 2011 , he was scouted by then U.S. under-20 coach Thomas Rongen in a preseason match vs. the New York Red Bulls at Lockhart Stadium in Ft. Lauderdale , FL a 4–1 win in which Barouch scored all four goals . Barouch claimed he was trying to gain his U.S. citizenship with the hopes of joining the U.S. U20 team in the 2011 FIFA World Championships in Colombia , but `` hangups '' coupled with the team 's failure to qualify for the tournament put the plans on hold .
With his impressive play for the Fire , Barouch received his first call up and cap for the Israeli U-21 National Team in a 4–1 friendly loss against England U-21 's on 5 September 2011 . Barouch assisted on Israel 's lone goal in the 25th minute .
See also
List of select Jewish football ( association ; soccer ) players
References
External links
Tigres.us
Chicago Fire Profile
1991 births
Living people
Israeli footballers
Tigres UANL footballers
Chicago Fire FC players
Bnei Yehuda Tel Aviv F.C . players
Maccabi Netanya F.C . players
Major League Soccer players
Israeli Premier League players
Swiss Challenge League players
FC Biel-Bienne players
Orange County SC players
USL Championship players
Footballers from Haifa
El Camino Real High School alumni
Association football forwards
Israel under-21 international footballers
Israeli expatriate footballers
Expatriate soccer players in the United States
Expatriate footballers in Switzerland
Israeli expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Israeli expatriate sportspeople in Switzerland
Heidemarie Koch ( 17 December 1943 – 28 January 2022 ) was a German Iranologist .
Life and career
Koch was born in Merseburg , Saxony , Prussia , Germany . She studied mathematics as her major between 1963 and 1966 . Subsequently , she worked as a teacher in Hanover , Lower Saxony , West Germany , until 1972 .
In 1972 , she started Iranian studies at the University of Göttingen and received her doctorate in 1976 . The topic of her dissertation under Walther Hinz wer the religious conditions under Darius I , based on Elamite tablets of Persepolis ( `` Die religiösen Verhältnisse der Dareioszeit . Untersuchungen an Hand der elamischen Persepolistäfelchen. '' ) . Koch took as her minor subjects Classical archaeology , Byzantine art history , and Christian archaeology .
From 1977 to 1986 she was employed at the Department of Iranian Studies and Near Eastern Archaeology at the University of Göttingen . In 1986 , at the University of Marburg , she worked on the topics of labour administration and the economy in the Persian heartland at the time of the Achaemenids , and taught as a lecturer . In 1990–91 Koch worked on research projects funded by German Research Foundation . Between 1993 and 1994 she taught for two semesters as a substitute professor at the Goethe University Frankfurt . Since 1995 she was professor of Iranian studies in the context of ancient history at the University of Marburg .
Her main subject areas were the Persian history and Persian languages of the pre-Islamic period . She focused on cultural and economic history , management and religion , utilising both written sources and the archaeological remains . A second research focus was the exploration of Elam and its neighboring regions , especially in terms of the influences that they exerted on the subsequent Persian Empire .
Koch was married to the Biblical archaeologist . She died on 28 January 2022 , at the age of 78 .
Works
Koch 's works included :
Die religiösen Verhältnisse der Dareioszeit . Untersuchungen an Hand der elamischen Persepolistäfelchen , Harrassowitz , Wiesbaden 1977 ( Göttinger Orientforschungen . Reihe 3 , Iranica Bd . 4 )
The Religious Conditions of the Time of Darius . Investigations with reference to the Elamite Persepolis Tablets . Harrassowitz , Wiesbaden 1977 ( Göttingen Oriental Research . Row 3 , Iranica Vol . 4 )
Kunst , Kultur und Geschichte der Achämenidenzeit und ihr Fortleben ( ed . ) , Reimer , Berlin 1983 ( Archäologische Mitteilungen aus Iran . Ergänzungsband 10 )
Art , Culture and History of the Achaemenids and their Survival ( ed . ) , Reimer , Berlin 1983 ( Archaeological Messages from Iran . Suppl 10 )
Elamisches Wörterbuch ( mit Walther Hinz ) , Reimer , Berlin 1987 ( Archäologische Mitteilungen aus Iran , Ergänzungsband , 17 )
Elamite dictionary ( with Walther Hinz ) , Reimer , Berlin 1987 ( Archaeological Messages from Iran , Supplement , 17 )
Verwaltung und Wirtschaft im persischen Kernland zur Zeit der Achämeniden , Reichert , Wiesbaden 1990 ( Beihefte zum Tübinger Atlas des Vorderen Orients . Reihe B , Geisteswissenschaften Nr . 89 )
Management and Economics in the Persian Heartland at the Time of the Achaemenids , Reichert , Wiesbaden 1990 ( supplements to the Tübingen Atlas of the Near East . Series B , Humanities No . 89 )
Es kündet Dareios der König ... Vom Leben im persischen Grossreich , von Zabern , Mainz 1992 ( Kulturgeschichte der antiken Welt ; Bd . 55 ) ( also published in Persian in Iran )
So Says King Darius ... Life in the Persian Empire , Saverne , Mainz 1992 ( Cultural History of the Ancient World ; Vol . 55 )
Achämeniden-Studien ( Achaemenid Studies ) , Harrassowitz , Wiesbaden 1993 ,
Persepolis . Hauptstadt des achämidischen Großreichs ( Persepolis : Capital of the Achaemid Great Empire ) , Farhangsara Yassavoli , Tehran 1997
Persepolis : Glänzende Hauptstadt des Perserreichs , von Zabern , Mainz 2001 ( Antike Welt Sonderheft/Zaberns Bildbände zur Archäologie )
Persepolis : Shiny Capital of the Persian Empire , Saverne , Mainz 2001 ( Antique World special issue / Saverne Illustrated books on archaeology )
Königreiche im alten Vorderen Orient , von Zabern , Mainz 2006 ( Antike Welt Sonderheft/Zaberns Bildbände zur Archäologie )
Kingdoms in the Ancient Near East , Saverne , Mainz 2006 ( Antique World special issue / Saverne Illustrated boks on archaeology )
Körner , Knollen , Brot und Wein . Die Geschichte unserer Esskulturen . ( Grains , Tubers , Bread and Wine . The History of Our Food Cultures ) Köppe , Köln 2006
Frauen und Schlangen . Die geheimnisvolle Kultur der Elamer in Alt-Iran , von Zabern , Mainz 2007 ( Kulturgeschichte der antiken Welt ; Bd . 114 )
Women and Snakes . The Mysterious Culture of the Elamites in Old Iran , Saverne , Mainz 2007 ( Cultural History of the Ancient World ; vol 114 )
References
External links
German Iranologist Heidemarie Koch honored in Tehran Teheran Times 31 May 2014
1943 births
2022 deaths
People from Merseburg
German scholars
Iranologists
University of Göttingen faculty
University of Marburg alumni
Goethe University Frankfurt alumni
The Bulgarian Cup is a Bulgarian annual football competition . It 's the country 's main cup competition .
Results
Key
Tsar 's Cup ( 1938-1942 )
Soviet Army Cup ( 1946-1982 )
Bulgarian Cup ( 1983-now )
Performance
By Club
By City / Town
A total of 18 clubs have won the Bulgarian Cup , from eight different cities .
Note : Italics indicates defunct clubs .
References
Finals
Bulgarian Cup finals
Bulgarian Cup finals
Alan Michael Ritchson ( born November 28 , 1982 ) is an American actor , model , singer and songwriter . He made his acting debut as Aquaman / Arthur Curry on The CW superhero series Smallville ( 2005–2010 ) , where he appeared as a guest star between the fifth and tenth seasons . Ritchson gained further prominence for portraying Thad Castle on the Spike TV sitcom Blue Mountain State ( 2010–2012 ) , a role he reprised in the 2016 film sequel . He also headlined the SyFy action series Blood Drive ( 2017 ) . In 2018 , he returned to superhero television as Hank Hall / Hawk on the DC Universe / HBO Max series Titans . Ritchson left Titans in 2021 and , in 2022 , began portraying the title character on the Amazon Prime Video series Reacher .
Outside of television , Ritchson played Raphael in the 2014 Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles reboot and its 2016 sequel , along with appearing in The Hunger Games : Catching Fire ( 2013 ) . He made his directorial debut and co-starred in the action-comedy Dark Web : Cicada 3301 ( 2021 ) .
Early life and education
Ritchson was born on November 28 , 1982 , in Grand Forks , North Dakota He is the son of Vickie Ritchson , a high school teacher and David Ritchson , a retired U.S. Air Force chief master sergeant . He is the second of three boys . During his childhood , his family moved to Rantoul , Illinois . At age 10 , Ritchson 's family settled in Niceville , Florida . He attended Niceville High School and graduated in 2001 . In a 2013 interview with Indonesian magazine Da Man , he stated that he once obtained a full music scholarship . From 1999 to 2003 , he attended as a dual-enrollment student and graduated with an Associate of Arts degree at Okaloosa Walton Community College , now Northwest Florida State College . He was a member of the Fine Arts division 's Soundsations and Madrigal Singers .
Career
Modeling
He began his modeling career in the Abercrombie & Fitch catalogue .
Television
Alan Ritchson first came to the attention of the public in 2004 when he appeared on American Idol as one of the top 87 contestants in the third season before being cut in Hollywood . His appearance on the show was noted for his striptease in one episode in which he wooed judge Paula Abdul .
His television acting credits include a recurring guest star role on the television series Smallville as Arthur Curry , a.k.a . Aquaman , a small role as an army officer in the 2006 Hallmark Channel movie Though None Go with Me alongside Cheryl Ladd , and the role of Lucian Manet in the 2009 Lifetime original film Nora Roberts ' Midnight Bayou . His role in Smallville marked the first time that an actor portrayed Aquaman in an officially licensed live-action production . His Smallville co-star , Justin Hartley , has since portrayed Aquaman in an unaired pilot of the same name . Ritchson reprised his role as Aquaman in a voiceover role for the animated film Justice League : The New Frontier , and the final season of Smallville . In 2009 , he appeared on a third-season episode of Starz 's Head Case in which he played a male stripper . Ritchson also made an appearance on CSI : Miami , in which he played a dead victim in episode 19 of season 8 . In 2011 , he appeared in an episode of season 3 of 90210 as a love interest for main character Teddy Montgomery ( Trevor Donovan ) .
In 2010 , he started playing the main role of Thad Castle , the captain of a college football team , in Spike TV 's Blue Mountain State . He stayed on the show until it was cancelled after its third season in February 2012 . He also appeared in a number of television shows , including Hawaii Five-0 . In 2015 , Ritchson became a regular on the NBC variety show I Can Do That ( based on the Israeli variety show ) alongside Nicole Scherzinger , Ciara , Joe Jonas , Cheryl Burke and Jeff Dye , and hosted by Marlon Wayans . In 2016 , he appeared in `` Nosedive '' , an episode of the anthology series Black Mirror .
In 2017 , he played the main character in the Syfy series Blood Drive . In 2018 , Ritchson played the recurring role of Hank Hall / Hawk in the DC Universe series Titans . His initial deal was for just two episodes but he was promoted to a series regular for the second season . Producers decided to reduce the number of characters and Ritchson was written out of the series .
In 2020 , Ritchson was announced to be portraying Jack Reacher in an eponymous series on Amazon Prime .
Films
Movie credits include a role in the 2006 film The Butcher , as well as a minor role in 2009 's Fired Up ! In 2007 , director Robert Zemeckis used Ritchson for his facial image , physique and movement for actor Ray Winstone of the title character of Beowulf .
Ritchson portrayed Gloss , a tribute in the 75th Hunger Games , in The Hunger Games : Catching Fire ( 2013 ) . Ritchson also portrayed Raphael in Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles , a reboot to the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles film series after the four previous films . Ritchson would later criticize producers of the new TMNT live-action films , claiming they mistreated him and other actors portraying the turtles during and after filming .
He returned to his role as Thad Castle in the Blue Mountain State movie , Blue Mountain State : The Rise of Thadland . Ritchson co-starred in Rooster Teeth Production 's first feature-length movie—the science fiction comedy Lazer Team in January 2016 . He also played a medium role in The Wedding Ringer .
In 2018 , Ritchson was announced as the director , co-writer , and producer of Dark Web : Cicada 3301 , a comedy-thriller film inspired by the eponymous organization . He also co-starred as an NSA agent . The film will be the first original project of Phreaker Films , a film fund run by Ritchson . The rights for Dark Web : Cicada 3301 were acquired by Lionsgate in 2020 , who released the film digitally on March 12 , 2021 .
Personal life
Ritchson resides in Florida with his wife Catherine and their three children .
Other work
Other projects include an independent album called This Is Next Time , released in late 2005 and appearing in a Russian commercial for Orbit gum .
Ritchson also appears in a web series entitled , Enormous Friends with his Blue Mountain State co-star , Rob Ramsay .
Filmography
Film
Television
Video games
Beowulf : The Game ( 2007 ) , as Beowulf ( character model )
Discography
Albums
This Is Next Time ( 2006 )
References
External links
21st-century American male actors
American Idol participants
American male film actors
Male models from North Dakota
American male singers
American male television actors
American male voice actors
Songwriters from North Dakota
Aquaman
1982 births
Living people
Male actors from Florida
Male actors from North Dakota
People from Rantoul , Illinois
People from Grand Forks , North Dakota
People from Niceville , Florida
American people of Czech descent
Nice Work If You Can Get It is a 1983 studio album by Ella Fitzgerald and André Previn , with accompaniment from the double bassist Niels-Henning Ørsted Pedersen .
It was Fitzgerald 's only album recorded with Previn , and represented her first album of single composer material since her 1981 album Ella Abraça Jobim .
Nice Work If You Can Get It was the last in a long line of collaborations that Fitzgerald made with predominantly jazz piano accompaniment . Her earlier albums in a similar vein were Ella Sings Gershwin ( 1950 ) , Ella Fitzgerald Sings Songs from `` Let No Man Write My Epitaph '' ( 1960 ) , and Ella and Oscar ( 1975 ) . For these albums she was accompanied by the pianists Ellis Larkins , Paul Smith , and Oscar Peterson respectively . Nice Work If You Can Get It was also Fitzgerald 's first all Gershwin album since 1959 's Ella Fitzgerald Sings the George and Ira Gershwin Songbook .
The album cover is a caricature of Fitzgerald , Previn , and the Gershwin brothers by the American cartoonist Al Hirschfeld . The album notes were written by Benny Green .
Track listing
`` A Foggy Day '' – 6:10
`` Nice Work If You Can Get It '' – 5:14
`` But Not for Me '' – 3:54
`` Let 's Call the Whole Thing Off '' – 2:46
`` How Long Has This Been Going On ? '' – 5:01
`` Who Cares ? '' – 4:30
Medley : `` I 've Got a Crush on You '' / '' Someone to Watch Over Me '' / '' Embraceable You '' – 4:56
`` They Ca n't Take That Away from Me '' – 3:27
All songs composed by George Gershwin , with all lyrics written by Ira Gershwin .
Personnel
Ella Fitzgerald - vocals
André Previn - piano
Niels-Henning Ørsted Pedersen - double bass
References
1983 albums
Albums produced by Norman Granz
André Previn albums
Ella Fitzgerald albums
George and Ira Gershwin tribute albums
Pablo Records albums
Wólka Batorska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Batorz , within Janów Lubelski County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland . It lies approximately north-east of Batorz , north-east of Janów Lubelski , and south of the regional capital Lublin .
References
Villages in Janów Lubelski County
The 2015 Northern Chile floods were a series of mudflows that affected much of northern Chile , product of flash floods from different rivers due to unseasonal heavy rains in the area , causing severe damage in several towns of the Antofagasta , Atacama and Coquimbo regions .
Flooding in Chile and Peru resulted from an unusual cold front which moved across the Andes , bringing heavy rainfall to the region .
The National Office of Emergency of the Interior Ministry ( ONEMI ) has reported more than 27,413 people affected , 5,585 people on shelters and more than 300 isolated due to roads destruction .
26 people died during the mudflow and 101 are officially missing , although it is expected that these numbers will increase as contact is reestablished with remote communities .
Preliminary figures show that property damage reaches more than 28,000 houses , of those 105 are completely destroyed , and at least 5,900 present severe damages .
State of emergency
On March 25 , near the 17:00 ( UTC 3 ) hours , and due to the serious events due to flooding , the president of Chile , Michelle Bachelet declared Constitutional State of Exception Catastrophe throughout the Region of Atacama , where about 320,000 people , mainly settled in the cities of Copiapó and reside Vallenar . This state means that the Armed Forces of Chile take control of the area to protect and maintain public order in the affected area . The officer in charge is Chief Lieutenant Colonel Marcel Urrutia Caro , belonging to the Army Chile . Hours later a state of emergency was extended to the city of Antofagasta .
President Michelle Bachelet is in the areas affected by floods since March 25 . Chañaral visited on March 26 , and that same day was decreed curfew across the Atacama region since 23:00 to 6:00 hours ( UTC −3 ) . The March 26 were deployed Marines in Chañaral to contain looting registered in some shops during the day .
The authorities and citizens reported cases of speculation and hoarding of food and staples . The government announced a lawsuit against those conducting unjustified price increases , and in supermarkets and service stations rationed the sale of certain products and fuels . In La Serena and Coquimbo the stock of bottled water scarcity product sold out due to problems in processing water Elqui river .
The Chilean Navy sent to the port of Chañaral the Rancagua and Chacabuco barges emergency vehicles , supplies and Marines , along with the ship Sergeant Aldea . The government allocated 1.1 billion Chilean peso for the reconstruction .
See also
1991 Antofagasta mudflows
2002 Northern Chile floods and mudflow
Mudflow
Flash flood
Emergency Response Coordination Centre ( ERCC ) –ECHO Daily Map 27/3/2015 : Chile floods
References
External links
1 April 2015 flooding video , CBC News .
2015 floods
Floods in Chile
2015 in Chile
2015 meteorology
Landslides in Chile
Landslides in 2015
March 2015 events in South America
Weather events in Chile
Found may refer to :
Found Aircraft , an aircraft manufacturer based in Ontario , Canada
Found ( album ) , a 2009 album by American pop/rock band Push Play
Found ( band ) , an experimental pop band from Edinburgh , Scotland
Found ( 2012 film ) , a horror film
Found ( 2021 film ) , an American-Chinese documentary film
Found ( novel ) , a 2008 young adult science fiction novel by Margaret Peterson Haddix
Found object , art created from undisguised , but often modified , objects or products that are not normally considered art
Found ( Rossetti ) , an unfinished oil painting by Dante Gabriel Rossetti
Found ( horse ) , Irish-trained thoroughbred racehorse foaled in 2012
`` Found '' , a 2010 episode of NCIS : Los Angeles
`` Found '' ( song ) , a 2016 song by Dan Davidson
See also
Founding ( disambiguation )
Foundation ( disambiguation )
Find ( disambiguation )
Eintou Pearl Springer ( formerly Pearl Eintou Springer ) ( born Cantaro village , Santa Cruz , Trinidad , 24 November 1944 ) is a poet , playwright , librarian and cultural activist from Trinidad and Tobago . In May 2002 , she was named Poet Laureate of Port of Spain , Trinidad and Tobago .
Background
Springer 's work frequently deals with social issues as well as pride in her African heritage . In 2003 she retired as Director of the National Heritage Library of Trinidad and Tobago , having founded the library and been its director since October 1993 . She has served as a founding member of various cultural organizations , including the Writers Union of Trinidad and Tobago , the National Drama Association of Trinidad and Tobago ( NDATT ) , and the Caribbean Theatre Guild . As an acclaimed performer and actress , she received NDATT 's 2004 Vanguard Award , and through her family company , the Idakeda Group , she explores social issues using traditional performance forms . She was honoured as Poet Laureate of Port of Spain from 2002 to 2009 .
She is the author of several books , including poetry collections , for both adults and children , as well as having her writings published in a range of publications and anthologies , including Sturdy Black Bridges : Visions of Black Women in Literature ( 1979 , edited by Roseann P. Bell , Bettye J. Parker and Beverly Guy-Sheftall ) , Daughters of Africa ( 1992 , edited by Margaret Busby ) , and Moving Beyond Boundaries , vol . I . International Dimensions of Black Women 's Writings ( 1995 , edited by Carole Boyce Davies and Molara Ogundipe-Leslie ) . Springer has received acclaim for her work as a storyteller and dramatist . In 2011 , her play How Anansi Brings the Drum celebrated the United Nations ' International Year for People of African Descent ( IYPAD ) and was part of UNESCO 's Youth Theatre Initiative .
Springer is the subject of a 2010 film directed and produced by Amon Saba Saakana , entitled Ida 's Daughter : The World of Eintou Pearl Springer .
Personal life
Springer was born in Cantaro in the Santa Cruz valley above Port of Spain , into a staunchly Roman Catholic family . She is a devotee of the Orisha-Yoruba religion . She has three children and lives in San Juan , Trinidad , having come `` to the traditional African religion as an act of political and ideological self expression . '' Her daughter Dara Healy is a dancer and a politician in Trinidad , and currently serves as Chairman of the Democratic National Assembly party . Writer and activist Attillah Springer is also her daughter .
Awards
1996 : Trinidad & Tobago Hummingbird Medal ( Silver ) for Culture
2004 : Vanguard Award of the National Drama Association of Trinidad and Tobago ( NDATT )
Books
1986 : Out of the Shadows ( poetry ) . London : Karia Press .
1987 : The Caribbean : the lands and their peoples . London : Macdonald ( previous ed . by Ken Campbell , 1980 ) .
1991 : Focussed ( poetry ) [ S.l . ] : Triangle .
1995 : ( Editor ) The New Aesthetic and the Meaning of Culture in the Caribbean ; the dream coming in with the rain : proceedings of the Carifesta V Symposia , Port of Spain , Trinidad , August 1992 . Port of Spain , Trinidad : National Carnival Commission .
2000 : Moving Into the Light ( poetry ) . Kingston , Jamaica : Ian Randle .
2005 : Loving the Skin I 'm In ( poetry ) . Port of Spain : Lexicon Trinidad .
2016 : Survivor : A Collection of Plays for Children and Young Adults . Peepal Tree Press . .
References
External links
Eintou Pearl Springer page
`` Eintou Pearl Springer - Biodata '' , Idakeda Group .
1944 births
Living people
Trinidad and Tobago poets
Trinidad and Tobago librarians
Women librarians
Trinidad and Tobago women poets
Trinidad and Tobago dramatists and playwrights
20th-century Trinidad and Tobago actresses
20th-century women writers
21st-century women writers
Trinidad and Tobago activists
Poets laureate
Recipients of the Hummingbird Medal
21st-century Trinidad and Tobago actresses
21st-century Trinidad and Tobago actors
20th-century Trinidad and Tobago actors
United Nations Security Council resolution 674 , adopted on 29 October 1990 , after recalling resolutions 660 ( 1990 ) , 661 ( 1990 ) , 662 ( 1990 ) , 664 ( 1990 ) , 665 ( 1990 ) , 666 ( 1990 ) , 667 ( 1990 ) and 670 ( 1990 ) on the topic of Iraq , the council condemned the continuing situation in occupied Kuwait after the Iraqi invasion on 2 August 1990 , reaffirming the goal of the international community of maintaining international peace and security .
Details
The resolution firstly demanded that Iraqi forces cease and desist from taking foreign nationals hostage , as well as the mistreatment of Kuwaiti nationals , in violation of decisions of the council , the Fourth Geneva Convention and international law , inviting states to collect information of violations against them and making this information available to the council . It also demanded Iraq fulfill its obligations under the Vienna Convention on Diplomatic Relations and Consular Relations , after the diplomatic missions of some countries were entered by Iraqi forces , and requested Iraq to allow foreign nationals and diplomatic officials to leave . The council further requested Iraq to rescind its removal of diplomatic immunity and the closure of embassies in occupied Kuwait .
Regarding humanitarian issues , Resolution 674 asserted that Iraq should ensure access to food , water and basic services to the civilian population of Kuwait , as well as to foreign nationals and diplomatic staff . The council reminded Iraq that it is liable for any loss , damage or injury following the invasion concerning Kuwait and third states , and those of their nationals and corporations . At the same , the resolution asked Member States to collect information on relevant claims for restitution and compensation .
Noting that the council will be seized of the matter until Kuwait achieves its independence again , the council requested the Secretary-General Javier Pérez de Cuéllar , `` using his good offices '' , to continue to undertake diplomatic efforts in order to reach a peaceful solution to the crisis , reporting back on developments .
Resolution 674 was the tenth resolution adopted on the conflict , threatening `` further measures '' if necessary . It was the most comprehensive resolution on the conflict regarding humanitarian issues , and was adopted by 13 votes to none , with two abstentions from Cuba and Yemen .
See also
Foreign relations of Iraq
Gulf War
Invasion of Kuwait
Iraq–Kuwait relations
List of United Nations Security Council Resolutions 601 to 700 ( 1987–1991 )
References
External links
Text of the Resolution at undocs.org
0674
0674
Gulf War
1990 in Iraq
1990 in Kuwait
0674
October 1990 events
`` We 're in This Together '' is a song by British soul and pop band Simply Red . It was released as the fourth and last single from their album , Life . The song was chosen as the official song for UEFA Euro 1996 held in England . Simply Red performed at the opening and closing ceremony . It reached number 8 in the Czech Republic , number 11 in the UK and number 13 in Scotland . On the Eurochart Hot 100 , the single peaked at number 39 . A music video was also made to accompany it .
Critical reception
William Ruhlmann from AllMusic declared `` We 're in This Together '' as a `` big-time closer '' and a `` South African-style anthem , complete with Hugh Masekela 's flugelhorn . '' Caroline Sullivan from The Guardian described it as `` hymnlike '' and `` lighters-aloft '' . Connie Johnson from Los Angeles Times complimented its `` solemn lushness '' . Alan Jones from Music Week wrote , `` A rather stark and ponderous thing it is , too , although the percussively enhanced Universal Feeling mix is livelier . Its saving grâce is probably that a sublime sax solo is followed by a swelling chorus which finally summons up the stirring qualities it would have been nice to have had from the start . '' Pop Rescue noted that it `` builds up and up with brass , choir , and motivational lyrics '' , stating that it `` aims for epic , and earns its goal . '' Mary DeCicco from The Record said that it has `` messages of hope and affirmation '' . David Gaskey from The Rice Thresher described it as `` soulful '' , adding that the song `` uses the talents of the Umoja Singers Chorale to emphasize the theme of world unity . ''
Track listing
Charts
References
1996 singles
UEFA European Championship songs
UEFA Euro 1996
1996 songs
Simply Red songs
Song articles with missing songwriters
The Maritime University Field Lacrosse League ( MUFLL ) is an association of men 's field lacrosse teams connected with universities in New Brunswick , Nova Scotia and Prince Edward Island . Teams compete in the fall with league playoffs typically in early November . Established in 2005 , MUFLL currently has six member schools competing .
Teams
Former teams
Acadia University ( 2008-2017 )
Champions
References
External links
Maritime University Field Lacrosse League
Lacrosse governing bodies of Canada
Lacrosse leagues in Canada
2005 establishments in Canada
Sport leagues established in 2005
Psyzh ( ) is a rural locality ( an aul ) in Abazinsky District of the Karachay-Cherkess Republic , Russia . Population :
Demographics
In 2002 , the population mainly comprised the following ethnic groups :
Abazins : 79.2 %
Cherkess : 8.6 %
Russians : 7.3 %
Karachays : 1.5 %
Nogais : 0.6 %
Others : 2.8 %
References
Rural localities in Karachay-Cherkessia
The 2007 Cup of Russia was the fifth event of six in the 2007–08 ISU Grand Prix of Figure Skating , a senior-level international invitational competition series . It was held at the Sports Palace Megasport in Moscow on November 22–25 . Medals were awarded in the disciplines of men 's singles , ladies ' singles , pair skating , and ice dancing . Skaters earned points toward qualifying for the 2007–08 Grand Prix Final . The compulsory dance was the Yankee Polka .
Results
Men
Ladies
Kim Yuna set a world record for the free skating score for a lady under Code of Points ( 133.70 ) .
Pairs
Ice dancing
External links
Starting orders and results
Cup Of Russia , 2007
Cup of Russia
Rostelecom Cup
2010 China Open can refer to :
2010 China Open ( snooker ) , a snooker tournament
2010 China Open ( tennis ) , a tennis tournament
2010 China Open Super Series , an edition of the China Open badminton tournament
Three ships of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS Bentinck , named in honor of John Bentinck :
was an iron paddle vessel launched in 1832 . She was commanded by Richard Collinson and used to survey significant portions of the China Coast . She was purchased in 1842 and renamed . She was put up for sale in 1855 .
HMS Bentinck was to have been a , built by the United States under Lend-lease . She was launched in 1942 but was retained as the .
was a Captain-class frigate launched in 1943 and returned to the US Navy in 1946 .
Royal Navy ship names
The 1st Northeast Missouri Cavalry , or 1st NE Missouri Cavalry was a Confederate Army regiment during the American Civil War . One of the commanders was Colonel Joseph C. Porter , who led 125 men through the Battle of Moore 's Mill . This regiment was known for its guerrilla warfare .
Battle of Cherry Grove
This battle was in Marion County , Missouri .
Battle of Memphis
This battle was on June 6 , 1862 , in Scotland County , Missouri .
Battle of Vassar Hill
This battle was on July 19 , 1862 , and was the largest Civil War battle in Scotland County of North East Missouri .
The battle took place on a wooden bridge over the North Fork of the Fabius River . The Pierce 's Mill area is a few hundred yards to the northwest and upstream of the bridge crossing . Oak Ridge is south across and all along the bottom land/timbered hill interface running northwest to southeast following the stream valley .
The Battle of Vassar Hill was fought between the Federal forces of Missouri and the confederates . Col. Porter assembled his 125 riders at Memphis , gave them the plan/orders of the day and rode to the Pierce 's Mill area . Looking for Porter 's riders was a 280-man Federal detachment composed of a battalion of the 11th Missouri Cavalry ( the Merrill Horse ) and a detachment of the 11th MO State Militia . Major Clopper was in command of the Federal riders .
Battle of Florida
This battle was on July 22 , 1862 , in Monroe County , Missouri .
Battle of Santa Fe
This battle was on July 24 , 1862 , in Monroe County , Missouri .
Battle of Moore 's Mill
This battle was on July 28 , 1862 , in Callaway County , Missouri , with a Union victory .
Battle of Newark
This battle was on August 1 , 1862 , in Knox County , Missouri .
Battle of Kirksville
This battle was on August 6 , 1862 , in Kirksville , Adair County , Missouri with a Union victory .
See also
List of Missouri Confederate Civil War units
References
Units and formations of the Confederate States Army from Missouri
KRI Clurit ( 641 ) is a of the Indonesian Navy . She was commissioned in 2011 and was the lead ship in her class .
Characteristics
Clurit has a displacement of 250 tonnes , a length of 43 meters , and a draft of 7.4 meters . She is equipped with C-705 missiles launchers , a 30mm gun , and two 20mm guns , alongside AK-630M CIWS .
Service history
Clurit was built by PT Palindo Marine based in Batam , as part of an order for four similar ships . She contained around 45 percent locally manufactured parts , and costed around US $ 8 million . She was commissioned on 25 April 2011 by Minister of Defense Purnomo Yusgiantoro , and she was assigned to the Western Fleet Command ( Koarmabar ) .
In July 2015 , Clurit seized two Vietnamese fishing vessels off Ranai , Natuna . She rescued 15 fishermen from their burning vessel in 2017 off Sabang .
References
2011 ships
Clurit
Louis Clemens Spiering ( May 8 , 1874 — March 9 , 1912 ) was an American architect and architecture professor based in St. Louis who worked on building designs for the St. Louis World 's Fair of 1904 and other local commissions . He died at the age of 37 .
Family and education
Louis Clemens Spiering was born in St. Louis in 1874 , the middle of three children of Theresa ( Bernays ) Spiering and Ernst Spiering , a violinist and orchestra conductor . His elder brother Theodore became a violinist , and his maternal grandfather was Karl Ludwig Bernays , a German-born Marxist journalist who changed his name to Charles Louis Bernays when he emigrated to St. Louis .
Spiering attended Webster Public School and then was sent to Berlin , Germany , for schooling at the Realgymnasium , from which he graduated in 1891 . After two semesters studying architecture at the Berlin Royal School of Technology , he returned stateside to take up a position with Chicago architect William A. Otis .
In 1895 , Spiering returned to Europe to enter the École des Beaux-Arts in Paris , from which he graduated in 1902 . Along the way , he won a prize in sculpture at the École des Arts Décoratifs , and he studied in the atelier of Noel-Marcel Lambert , the architect in charge of restoration at Versailles . Although the Beaux-Arts style came to signify a type of neoclassicalism in architecture , a critic was later to observe of Spiering that what he gained from his Paris training was actually a `` freedom to design in whatever format he thought appropriate to the circumstances . ''
Architectural career
In 1902 , Spiering returned to St. Louis and took up a position as assistant to E. L. Masqueray , the chief of design for the 1904 Louisiana Purchase Exposition , better known as the St. Louis World 's Fair . For the succeeding eighteen months , Spiering worked on a wide range of elements for the fair , including the general layout of the grounds and specific buildings such as the Palais du Costume , the wireless telegraph tower , the express office , the horticulture building , and the restaurant pavilions and colonnades on Art Hill . He was also Superintending Architect for the French and Austrian governments ' buildings .
Spiering opened his own practice in 1903 . Among his local commissions were a new building for the Artists Guild ( commissioned in 1907 ) , the Soulard Branch Library ( commission won in a design competition in partnership with George Hellmuth ) , and the Sheldon Memorial Building for the St. Louis Ethical Society , now a concert hall .
He also set up a design studio in the then-new architecture program at Washington University and ran evening classes for working draftspeople . He was a member of the American Institute of Architects .
Spiering fell ill in 1910 ( possibly of appendicitis ) and never completely recovered , dying two years later .
References
1874 births
1912 deaths
20th-century American architects
École des Beaux-Arts alumni
Architects from St. Louis
Washington University in St. Louis faculty
For much of the late 19th and early 20th century , New York City maintained a fleet of ten fireboats . In recent decades technology has improved to where smaller boats can provide the pumping capacity that required a large boat in the past . These smaller boats require smaller crews , and the crews themselves require less training . Like many other cities the FDNY operates a fleet with a smaller number of large fireboats , supplemented by a number of unnamed boats in the 10 meter range .
References
External links
Water transportation in New York City
Baghshan-e Gach ( , also Romanized as Bāghshan-e Gach and Bāghshan Gach ; also known as Bāghash Kach , Bāghash Gach , Baghīshan , and Bāghīshan Gach ) is a village in Mazul Rural District , in the Central District of Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 3,712 , in 986 families .
See also
List of cities , towns and villages in Razavi Khorasan Province
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Theodore `` Ted '' Maher ( born June 9 , 1958 ) is an ex-Green Beret turned registered nurse who was convicted of arson in a 1999 fire that killed Edmond Safra and another nurse , Vivian Torrente , at Safra 's Monaco penthouse apartment . In October 2007 Maher was released after serving eight years in jail .
Biography
Maher was born in Maine and lived there and in California before his family settled in Upstate New York when he was 12 years old . After serving a stint in the U.S. Army in the mid-1970s , the former Green Beret received nursing degrees from Dutchess County Community College and Pace University . A brief marriage produced a son . While studying at the Dutchess County Community College Maher met his third wife , Heidi Wustrau . The couple lost contact for two years but started dating in 1991 while both attended Pace and worked at Columbia Medical Center of New York Presbyterian Hospital . They wed on December 12 , 1993 ; this marriage produced two children . The family lived in Stormville , New York .
While working as a registered nurse at the neonatal unit at the Columbia Medical Center , Maher developed film from a camera he found left behind in a discharged patient 's room . The camera 's owners , Laura and Harry Slatkin , were grateful to retrieve the first photographs of their newborn twins . Harry Slatkin offered Ted the `` job of a lifetime . '' Shortly thereafter Maher interviewed with the personal assistant to Edmond Safra , a banker and billionaire based in Monaco who required private nursing care for Parkinson 's and other ailments . ''
According to Heidi Maher , the Safras liked that Ted was an ex-Green Beret and thought he could be both a bodyguard and a nurse . The Safras offered Ted Maher a contract at $ 600 per day , more money than he had ever made , but he 'd have to leave for Monaco right away . With a hospital strike looming and legal bills mounting from a visitation battle with his ex-wife regarding his oldest son , Maher ultimately accepted the job in early August .
Death of Edmond Safra
Safra , the 67-year-old founder and principal stock owner of the Republic National Bank of New York , had Parkinson 's disease and required constant care . On December 3 , 1999 , Maher was scheduled at the last minute to work the overnight shift caring for Safra with Vivian Torrente ( one of seven other nurses who looked after Safra ) at Safra 's Monaco penthouse at La Belle Epoque , a four-story bank and two-story flat at 17 Avenue D'Ostende .
Immediately after his arrest Maher claimed two intruders had gained access to the apartment and that he had fought them off , receiving stab wounds . He had informed the other nurse , Vivian Torrente , of the assailants and had given her his cell phone to call for help . He ordered her to take Edmond Safra into the secure dressing room while he went to the nearby nursing station , where he lit toilet paper in a trash basket to set off a smoke alarm , with the intention of alerting outside people that there was a problem . Maher made his way , bleeding and feeling faint , downstairs to the lobby of the building to get help . But while police and firemen got to the building , they did n't get to Edmond Safra and Vivian Torrente until it was too late .
Several days later , on December 7 , Monaco 's chief prosecutor , Daniel Serdet , announced that Maher had confessed to starting the fire `` to draw attention to himself '' as he was `` jealous '' of Mr. Safra 's seven other nurses . In addition , his stab wounds had been self-inflicted . Maher had slashed himself twice with his own switchblade – once in the thigh and once in the stomach – to corroborate his story about the intruders . On December 6 Safra was buried in Geneva .
Trial and conviction
The case was a sensation for Monaco , a tiny Mediterranean principality better known for sumptuous casinos , Formula One racing and tax breaks that attract the world 's rich and famous . The riviera 's leading newspaper , Nice Matin , dubbed it Monaco 's `` Trial of the Century '' . During his trial , Maher confessed to setting the blaze but said he never expected the fire , part of a bizarre plan to ingratiate himself with Safra , to rage out of control . Maher testified he started the blaze in a small wastebasket , expecting it to set off a fire alarm that would bring help and allow him to reap the credit for saving his employer .
There had been friction between Maher and Sonia Herkrath , Safra 's head nurse , who considered Maher another `` flavor of the month '' , who had gotten into Safra 's good graces by returning a camera a friend forgot in New York six months earlier . Maher reportedly believed Herkrath was intentionally providing him with wrong information , causing him to make mistakes that had not gone unnoticed , and she frequently altered his schedule between day and night shifts with little or no notice .
Fearing the loss of his well-paid job , just six weeks after arriving in Monaco , Maher hatched the idea of setting the fire to ingratiate himself with his boss and earn a promotion . The prosecution described how Maher cut himself with a knife and then set a fire in a wastepaper basket . He called for rescue and told authorities that two masked intruders were in the apartment . But rather than extinguish the fire , Maher let it spread , the prosecution charged , leading to the two deaths . Prosecutors also said that his tale about intruders delayed the work of firefighters .
American lawyer Michael Griffith volunteered to assist with Ted Maher 's defense . Griffith based the defense on the notion that while Maher did set the fire , he never intended to harm anyone . `` It was a stupid , most insane thing a human being could do , '' says Griffith . `` He did not intend to kill Mr. Safra . He just wanted Mr. Safra to appreciate him more . He loved Mr. Safra . This was the best job of his life . '' Maher maintained that the deaths of Safra and Torrente would have been averted if police had not blocked firefighters from launching a rescue attempt until long after Maher was rushed to a hospital . Lawyers for Safra 's widow , Lily , argued that Maher should be judged for his actions , not his intentions .
In December 2002 Maher was convicted in the arson deaths of Edmond Safra and Vivian Torrente and sentenced to 10 years in prison . The prosecution had requested 12 years in prison for Maher . The charges carried a maximum penalty of life in prison . `` He directly caused the deaths of Mrs. Torrente and Mr. Safra '' , said head prosecutor Daniel Serdet . `` He trapped the victims . '' On the final day of his trial Maher called Safra `` the best employer I ever had , '' and said he did not mean to cause his death or the death of the other nurse . `` What 's happened is and always will be a terrible accident '' , reiterating earlier testimony , in the hours before the verdict . Maher 's wife was in court , as was Safra 's widow .
Jail break
Less than two months after being sentenced , on 21 January 2003 Ted Maher and his cellmate , an Italian awaiting trial in Monaco on charges stemming from a robbery , sawed through the bars on their cell , and then , using a rope made of black garbage bags , climbed out and escaped overnight . Maher made it 15 miles to Nice , where he holed up in a hotel and made telephone contact with people in the US , including his wife , his lawyer and a priest . The police apprehended him seven hours later .
Release and interview on Court TV
For his escape Maher served an additional nine months which were added to his sentence . He was released in October 2007 and returned to the United States . In a series of interviews on the American network Court TV , Maher maintained his pretrial statements were coerced , threats were made against his family by authorities , and to this day maintains his innocence . American writer and journalist Dominick Dunne did comprehensive investigations on the case for courtroom television and was reportedly not entirely convinced Maher was responsible for Safra 's death .
Controversy
Maher was imprisoned in Monaco for over two years before his trial began , resulting in a considerable amount of controversy and speculation surrounding the case . Days before his death , Safra finalized the sale of his Republic National Bank to HSBC Holdings plc in a multi-billion dollar deal . His business made him some potent enemies as well . In 1998 , his Republic Bank made a report to the F.B.I . that began an investigation into the possibility of a vast Russian money laundering operation that came to focus on the Bank of New York and ultimately helped break a $ 6bn crime ring .
The increasing security conscious Safra employed a small army of guards , purportedly trained by Mossad intelligence units in Israel . None of his security team was , however , on duty on the night of the fire , which both enabled Maher to carry out the arson attack and hampered police and firefighters ' efforts to gain access to his heavily fortified penthouse . Upon his arrest , Maher initially fabricated the story that two intruders had penetrated the apartment and that he had fought them off , receiving stab wounds . This cover story , combined with Safra 's involvements with the F.B.I. , led to rumours that the incident had been a well-executed Russian mob hit , leaving Maher as the patsy .
Once the trial was underway , however , Maher claimed that he had acted alone , motivated by self-interest and paranoia and specifically out of fear of losing his highly rewarding job . This claim was later repudiated , and Maher alleged he was forced to confess during his initial hospitalization .
Allegations in 2007 by Judge Jean-Christophe Hullin that the outcome of the trial itself had been manipulated through collusion between Hullin , chief investigative judge on the case , along with Monaco 's chief prosecutor and a member of Maher 's state-appointed defence team remain unresolved .
References
1958 births
American escapees
American nurses
American people convicted of arson
American people imprisoned abroad
Arson in Monaco
Escapees from Monegasque detention
Living people
Male nurses
Members of the United States Army Special Forces
People from Auburn , Maine
Prisoners and detainees of Monaco
Lee Schofield ( born 27 August 1976 ) is an Australian handball player . He competed in the men 's tournament at the 2000 Summer Olympics .
References
External links
1976 births
Living people
Australian male handball players
Olympic handball players of Australia
Handball players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Sydney
Koenraad Degroote ( born 30 September 1959 in Kortrijk ) is a Belgian politician and is affiliated to the N-VA . He was elected as a member of the Belgian Chamber of Representatives in 2010 .
He 's mayor of Dentergem since 1989 .
Notes
Living people
Members of the Chamber of Representatives ( Belgium )
New Flemish Alliance politicians
1959 births
People from West Flanders
21st-century Belgian politicians
Paddy Moclair ( 1 September 1907 – 9 May 1983 ) was an Irish Gaelic footballer who played as a full-forward and as a full-back at senior level for the Mayo county team . After retiring from Gaelic football he was a leading greyhound trainer .
Gaelic football career
Moclair joined the team during the 1930 championship and was a regular member of the starting fifteen until his retirement following the conclusion of the 1942 championship . During that time he won one All-Ireland medal , seven Connacht medals , six National League medals and one All-Time All-Star Award .
Moclair experienced a fourteen-year club career with Castlebar Mitchels and Ballina Stephenites , winning nine county championship medals .
Retirement
After retiring from Gaelic football he took up the training of racing greyhounds and gained a good reputation . His training career culminated in winning the 1948 Irish Greyhound Derby with a greyhound called Western Post on 4 September 1948 .
Cup
Starting in 1971 , the Paddy Moclair Cup is awarded to the winners of the Mayo Senior Football Championship .
References
1907 births
1983 deaths
Ballina Stephenites Gaelic footballers
Castlebar Mitchels Gaelic footballers
Clerks
Connacht inter-provincial Gaelic footballers
Drinking establishment owners
Gaelic football forwards
Irish greyhound racing trainers
Mayo inter-county Gaelic footballers
People from Castlebar
Winners of one All-Ireland medal ( Gaelic football )
Leonora Wigan born Leonora Pincott aka Mrs Alfred Wigan '' ( 1805 – 17 April 1884 ) was a British actor , known at first as a stilts and rope dancer .
Life
Wigan was born in 1805 when her family name was Pincott and her father was a showman . Her mother was born Elizabeth Waller and her brother was the actor/manager James William Wallack . She appears to have been more of a show person than an actor as she was known for her performances on stilts and as a rope dancer .
She was first known as an actor when she played a chimpanzee when she appeared in a pantomime titled La Perouse , or , The Desolate Island at the English Opera House . Her uncle James William Wallack was working as the stage manager at Drury Lane and she was there from 1826 to 1828 where she took to appearing in more pantomime or stereotype roles such as a walking lady . Three years later she was `` noticed '' when she appeared at the Olympic as Catherine Seton in a burlesque based on the story of Mary , Queen of Scots and in 1839 she married Alfred Wigan who was a few years younger than her .
She played French women in particular and some headline parts as Mrs Candour in The School for Scandal and as the well known Mrs Malaprop in The Rivals .
The Queen 's Theatre opened in 1867 and her husband became its actor-manager , forming a new company which included Charles Wyndham , Henry Irving , J. L. Toole , Lionel Brough , Ellen Terry , and Henrietta Hodson . He was managing the theatre and acting in productions . The theatre opened with Charles Reade 's The Double Marriage . The Spectator said that the play was a poor choice , but the next play Still Waters Run Deep was much more pleasing . The paper commented on the performance of both Wigan and Mrs Wigan noting `` their remarkable powers '' . Her best part ever was considered to be playing Mrs Hector Sternhold in Still Waters Run Deep .
Her husband died in Folkestone on 29 November 1878 and he was buried in Kensal Green Cemetery . Wigan died in 1884 in Gipsy Hill in Surrey six years after her younger husband . There is a photograph of her in the Royal Collection and in a V & A collection .
References
1805 births
1884 deaths
19th-century British actresses
Grantland L. Johnson ( September 29 , 1948 – August 19 , 2014 ) was a Sacramento-area politician and former Secretary of California 's Health and Human Services Agency , the first African-American to hold the position . He was born in the Del Paso Heights neighborhood in northern section of Sacramento , California . He was raised by his grandmother , Irene Wallace and mother Mae Willie Johnson and grew up with his two sisters , Rosemary and Cathy . Grantland attended Grant High School where he participated in extra curricular activities such as football , the violin , the debate team and baseball .
Political career
Grantland Johnson was one of a limited number of United States politicians who had served in offices on the city , county , state , and federal levels . Johnson began his career in politics in 1983 , when he was elected to the Sacramento City Council . As a councilmember , he helped to establish Sacramento 's Economic Development Department and Neighborhood Services Department .
When Ted Sheedy chose not to seek reelection to the Sacramento County Board of Supervisors in 1986 , Johnson ran for the District 1 seat , defeating Roger Dickinson in a runoff election .
Johnson was reelected in 1990 .
Shortly after Bill Clinton was elected President of the United States in 1992 , Johnson began to pursue a position in the President 's administration .
In 1993 , President Clinton announced that Johnson had been appointed to the position of Regional Director of the United States Department of Health and Human Services by Secretary of Health and Human Services Donna Shalala .
After serving more than six years in the Clinton Administration , Johnson was selected by California Governor Gray Davis in 1999 to become the state 's Secretary of Health and Human Services , the largest state agency in the United States .
Johnson had announced plans for a political comeback in 2010 as he was running for his old seat on the Sacramento County Board of Supervisors that was being vacated after 4 terms by Roger Dickinson who was running for the State Assembly .
Education
Grantland Johnson graduated from Grant Union High School ( Sacramento , California ) in 1966 . Johnson attended American River College , where he received an Associate of Arts degree . He then went on to attend California State University , Sacramento , where he earned a bachelor 's degree in Government in 1974 . He has been awarded honorary doctorate degrees from Sacramento State and Golden Gate University .
He was a member of Kappa Alpha Psi fraternity , where he was initiated into the Gamma Alpha chapter in 1969 .
Awards and recognition
A soccer field in Hagginwood Park–a park in the Del Paso Heights neighborhood of Sacramento , California–was named for Johnson in 2011 .
References
1948 births
2014 deaths
California State University , Sacramento alumni
State cabinet secretaries of California
Sacramento City Council members
Sacramento County Supervisors
United States Department of Health and Human Services officials
California Democrats
Clinton administration personnel
Nathan Ablett ( born 13 December 1985 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Gold Coast and Geelong in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
A key forward , tall and weighing , Nathan is the youngest son of Gary Ablett Sr and the younger brother of Gary Ablett Jr .
Although a standout junior footballer , Ablett chose not to play in the TAC Cup to avoid the media attention which accompanied the preceding careers of his father and brother . After spending a year playing in country leagues , Ablett agreed to sign for Geelong ( his former club ) under the league 's father-son rule and was selected with the 49th overall pick in the 2004 AFL Draft . Ablett made his AFL debut in 2005 , and was part of the Premiership side in 2007 . However , he announced his retirement from professional football at the conclusion of the 2007 season , citing a lack in desire to continue playing at the top level .
Ablett made a short-lived return to the top flight when he joined brother Gary at the Gold Coast Suns in 2011 , playing two games before being delisted at the conclusion of the season .
Early life
Though a gifted junior footballer , Ablett avoided media attention surrounding his junior career by choosing not to play in the TAC Cup . He eventually decided to pursue a career in AFL football , though wary of the pressures placed on him as the son of former league superstar Gary Ablett , Sr. and brother of rising talent and eventual dual Brownlow Medallist Gary Ablett , Jr . Regarded as a shy personality both on and off the field , Ablett rarely participated in media interviews .
AFL career
Ablett debuted midway through the 2005 AFL season after beginning his professional football career with the Geelong reserves team in the VFL . Nathan showed improvement as a player at the end of the 2006 season in the VFL team which contested the Grand Final . By 2007 , Ablett cemented his position in the senior squad at full-forward , including helping the Cats capture the 2007 AFL Premiership by booting three goals in the record-breaking Grand Final win .
Retirement
On 30 November 2007 , Ablett announced he was considering retirement from the game at the age of only 21 , citing a lack of continuing passion for the game . This was not without precedent within the family , as Ablett walked away from his TAC Cup team in 2003 , but he was eventually convinced to return to top-level competition—at least temporarily . Having been given until the start of 2008 to make a decision , Ablett decided on 7 January 2008 to walk away from AFL for at least one year , but he did n't rule out a possible return at some stage .
In May 2008 , media outlets reported Geelong coach Mark Thompson as saying , `` I 've spoken to him ( Nathan Ablett ) a few times and it 's probably a bit late for this year , for him to play AFL , but that 's not the real point , the point is he 's missing footy and he is thinking about a return . '' Nathan re-commenced training with Geelong on 9 July 2008 . Although he was expected to play in Geelong 's VFL side in the later part of the 2008 season , an ankle injury , sustained from playing basketball , sidelined him for the remainder of the year . It was announced on 2 September 2008 that Nathan would not be pursuing an AFL career in 2009 , instead choosing to become a plumber . He subsequently signed with the Broadbeach Cats to play in the AFL Queensland State League .
Ablett returned to AFL football in 2011 , signing for the Gold Coast Suns alongside his brother in the club 's inaugural AFL season . His Suns debut came in Round 22 against Adelaide , almost four years after his previous AFL appearance . He was delisted at the end of the season , playing only two games for the Suns and kicking one goal .
Ablett played for Victorian Football League side Werribee in 2012 .
Statistics
|-
|- style= '' background-color : # EAEAEA ''
! scope= '' row '' style= '' text-align : center '' | 2005
|style= '' text-align : center ; '' |
| 23 || 4 || 8 || 2 || 19 || 8 || 27 || 13 || 5 || 2.0 || 0.5 || 4.8 || 2.0 || 6.8 || 3.3 || 1.3
|-
! scope= '' row '' style= '' text-align : center '' | 2006
|style= '' text-align : center ; '' |
| 23 || 7 || 4 || 3 || 33 || 23 || 56 || 27 || 5 || 0.6 || 0.4 || 4.7 || 3.3 || 8.0 || 3.9 || 0.7
|- style= '' background-color : # EAEAEA ''
| scope=row bgcolor=F0E68C | 2007
|style= '' text-align : center ; '' |
| 23 || 21 || 34 || 18 || 117 || 74 || 191 || 86 || 28 || 1.6 || 0.9 || 5.6 || 3.5 || 9.1 || 4.1 || 1.3
|-
! scope= '' row '' style= '' text-align : center '' | 2011
|style= '' text-align : center ; '' |
| 55 || 2 || 1 || 1 || 9 || 13 || 22 || 5 || 3 || 0.5 || 0.5 || 4.5 || 6.5 || 11.0 || 2.5 || 1.5
|- class= '' sortbottom ''
! colspan=3| Career
! 34
! 47
! 24
! 178
! 118
! 296
! 131
! 41
! 1.4
! 0.7
! 5.2
! 3.5
! 8.7
! 3.9
! 1.2
| }
References
External links
1985 births
Living people
Nathan
Australian rules footballers from Victoria ( Australia )
Broadbeach Australian Football Club players
Geelong Football Club players
Geelong Football Club Premiership players
Gold Coast Football Club players
Werribee Football Club players
One-time VFL/AFL Premiership players
Oleszyce ( , Oleshychi ) is a small town in Subcarpathian Voivodeship , Poland , with 3,089 inhabitants ( 02.06.2009 ) .
History
The history of Oleszyce dates back to the early 15th century , when the village belonged to Poland 's Ruthenian Voivodeship . It was first mentioned in documents from 1431 , as Heleschicze ; its name was also spelled as Olieschicze , Oleczyce and Olessicze , and probably comes from male name Olech or Olesz . In 1458 , a wooden Roman Catholic parish church was built here by the Ramsza family , owners of the village .
In 1570 , Oleszyce became property of Voivode of Ruthenia , Hieronim Sieniawski , who in 1576 established here a town named Hieronimow , based on Magdeburg rights . The town was located between the already existing village , and a manor house , and its charter was confirmed by King Stefan Batory on February 26 , 1578 . The name Hieronimow was seldom used , and by mid-17th century , disappeared , replaced by ancient name Oleszyce .
In the mid-17th century , Hieronimow/Oleszyce had 107 houses and over 1000 residents , with Catholic and Orthodox churches . In the early 18th century , Oleszyce became main center of properties of the noble Sieniawski family : here , in 1706 , a secret meeting between Crown Hetman Adam Mikolaj Sieniawski and Saxon envoy named Spiegel took place .
Across centuries , Oleszyce was frequently raided and destroyed by Crimean Tatars ( 1498 , 1624 , 1672 ) , Zaporozhian Cossacks ( 1610 , 1629 , 1648 ) , burned in fires ( 1710 , 1726 ) , its population was also decimated by plagues ( 1626 , 1641 ) .
In 1731 , Oleszyce became property of the Czartoryski family . After the Partitions of Poland , the town belonged to Austrian Galicia ( 1772–1918 ) , but remained private property of the families of Dzialynski , Potocki , Potulicki and Sapieha . In 1880 , Oleszyce lost its town charter .
In the Second Polish Republic , Oleszyce was part of Lwow Voivodeship . In 1938 , its population was 3500 , divided between Poles ( 920 ) , Ukrainians ( 860 ) , and Jews ( 1700 ) . The village was captured by the Wehrmacht on September 12 , 1939 . A few days later , heavy fighting between the advancing Germans and retreating Polish 21st Mountain Infantry Division took place in the area of Oleszyce , in which General Jozef Kustron was killed ( September 16 ) .
German presence in Oleszyce was short , as on September 20 , the village was occupied by the Red Army . On 15 November , Oleszyce was annexed to the Soviet Union as part of the Ukrainian SSR , and German-Soviet boundary was established a few kilometers north of the village ( see also Molotov–Ribbentrop Pact ) . In June 1941 , the NKVD murdered a number of prisoners , kept in the local castle ( see NKVD prisoner massacres ) .
In November 1942 , the Germans displaced more than 2.000 Jews from Oleszyce to the Lubaczow ghetto , established on October 8 , 1942 . According to one source , about 1.000 of these Jews were sent to the Belzec death camp before the end of November . After the liquidation of the Lubaczow ghetto in January 1943 , many Jews ran away and went into hiding in Oleszyce and its surroundings . From January until March 1943 , more than 127 Jews from Oleszyce and neighboring villages were executed in the Jewish cemetery .
After World War II , the village and its area was affected by the activities of the Ukrainian Insurgent Army , which in the night of September 5/6 , 1945 , attacked Oleszyce with the rail station . Ukrainian nationalists were defeated by Polish Army battalion , but before that happened , they managed to burn down several houses .
Notable people
Eva Galler , Jewish Holocaust survivor
Annie Wertman Bleiberg [ Holocaust survivor ]
References
Notes
Cities and towns in Podkarpackie Voivodeship
Lubaczów County
Kingdom of Galicia and Lodomeria
Lwów Voivodeship
Zîmbreni is a commune in Ialoveni District , Moldova . It is composed of two villages , Găureni and Zîmbreni .
References
Communes of Ialoveni District
Helenów may refer to the following places :
Helenów , Gmina Bełchatów in Łódź Voivodeship ( central Poland )
Helenów , Gmina Drużbice in Łódź Voivodeship ( central Poland )
Helenów , Chełm County in Lublin Voivodeship ( east Poland )
Helenów , Brzeziny County in Łódź Voivodeship ( central Poland )
Helenów , Rawa County in Łódź Voivodeship ( central Poland )
Helenów , Gmina Budziszewice in Łódź Voivodeship ( central Poland )
Helenów , Gmina Czerniewice in Łódź Voivodeship ( central Poland )
Helenów , Gmina Ujazd in Łódź Voivodeship ( central Poland )
Helenów , Gmina Głowno in Łódź Voivodeship ( central Poland )
Helenów , Gmina Ozorków in Łódź Voivodeship ( central Poland )
Helenów , Gmina Adamów in Lublin Voivodeship ( east Poland )
Helenów , Gmina Wojcieszków in Lublin Voivodeship ( east Poland )
Helenów , Białobrzegi County in Masovian Voivodeship ( east-central Poland )
Helenów , Gmina Gostynin in Masovian Voivodeship ( east-central Poland )
Helenów , Gmina Szczawin Kościelny in Masovian Voivodeship ( east-central Poland )
Helenów , Kozienice County in Masovian Voivodeship ( east-central Poland )
Helenów , Lipsko County in Masovian Voivodeship ( east-central Poland )
Helenów , Przasnysz County in Masovian Voivodeship ( east-central Poland )
Helenów , Radom County in Masovian Voivodeship ( east-central Poland )
Helenów , Gmina Wiśniew in Masovian Voivodeship ( east-central Poland )
Helenów , Gmina Wodynie in Masovian Voivodeship ( east-central Poland )
Helenów , Sochaczew County in Masovian Voivodeship ( east-central Poland )
Helenów , Szydłowiec County in Masovian Voivodeship ( east-central Poland )
Helenów , Węgrów County in Masovian Voivodeship ( east-central Poland )
Helenów , Gmina Wołomin in Masovian Voivodeship ( east-central Poland )
Helenów , Gmina Poświętne in Masovian Voivodeship ( east-central Poland )
Helenów , Gmina Zwoleń in Masovian Voivodeship ( east-central Poland )
Helenów , Gmina Policzna in Masovian Voivodeship ( east-central Poland )
Helenów , Gmina Przyłęk in Masovian Voivodeship ( east-central Poland )
Helenów , Gmina Szczytniki in Greater Poland Voivodeship ( west-central Poland )
Helenów , Gmina Żelazków in Greater Poland Voivodeship ( west-central Poland )
The Military Music Band of the Armed Forces of the Slovak Republic ( Slovak : Vojenská hudba Ozbrojených síl Slovenskej republiky ) is a musical element of the Bratislava Military Command of the Slovak Armed Forces that serves as the primary military band in the Slovak Republic . It accompanies the Honour Guard of the President of the Slovak Republic military and national ceremonies , military oaths , and state funerals , all of which are protocol events . It also represents the military of Slovakia in festive events such as military tattoos and symphonic concerts . On July 1 , 2009 , it has been under the command of the Bratislava Garrison Headquarters , which was part of the Training Force and Support of the Armed Forces of the Slovak Republic . Exactly 5 years later , the Chief of Staff of the Slovak Ground Forces put the band under its jurisdiction . The director and commanding officer of the band is currently Major Peter Apolen , who has been serving in this position since 2005 .
References
Military units and formations of Slovakia
2002 establishments in Slovakia
Military bands
Military units and formations established in 2002
Musical groups established in 2002
Badger Hill is the name of two historic mining areas in Nevada County . The first to be established , in August 1849 , was located just east of Grass Valley , approximately where the narrow gauge railroad 's Grass Valley station was later located . It appears to have been quickly incorporated into Grass Valley .
The second was established around 1853 , about 15 miles northeast of Grass Valley , 1 mile north of Cherokee and just south of the Middle Yuba River . It adopted its own mining laws in March 1854 . Hydraulic mining predominated with the arrival of ditch water . It had a number of successful mines , some of which operated into the 20th century . The English Company and the Badger Hill Gold Mining Company were among the principal mines . The mines abutted those of Cherokee to the south , and Cherokee seems to have served the Badger Hill miners as a commercial and social center .
References
Former settlements in Nevada County , California
Former populated places in California
Verwaltungsgerichtshof may refer to :
Supreme Administrative Court ( Austria )
a high administrative court in the Judiciary of Germany
30 Rock Original Television Soundtrack is the soundtrack for the NBC television program 30 Rock . The two-disc album consists largely of songs composed by Jeff Richmond , the co-producer and musical director of the show and the husband of the creator , writer , producer , and star , Tina Fey . It includes the score of the series as well as some songs that have been featured in the show 's first four seasons . It was released on November 16 , 2010 by Relativity Music Group . On November 20 , 2010 , the cast of 30 Rock did their first ever signing for the soundtrack at the NBC Experience Store at Rockefeller Center . Appearances were made by Tina Fey , Jeff Richmond , Jane Krakowski , Jack McBrayer , John Lutz , Kevin Brown , and Grizz Chapman .
Track listing
References
Soundtrack
Television soundtracks
2010 soundtrack albums
Li Da ( ; 2 October 1890 – 24 August 1966 ) was a Chinese Marxist philosopher . He led the Publicity Department of the Chinese Communist Party after the foundation of the Party . Li Da left the Chinese Communist Party in the 1920s due to its reformism . However he maintained close ties with the party and its underground apparatus . Li Da translated many European Marxist works into Chinese . Li Da 's most important work was Elements of Sociology , which had a great influence on Mao Zedong . Li Da helped popularize the New Philosophy that gained dominance in the USSR in the 1930s . After People 's Republic of China was established in 1949 Li Da rejoined the CPC . He was heavily criticized and beaten at the beginning of the Cultural Revolution , and died in 1966 . He was posthumously rehabilitated after Mao 's death .
Family
Li and his wife Wang Huiwu had three children . Their eldest daughter , Li Xintián ( ) , died of an illness during the Second Sino-Japanese War . The second daughter was Li Xinyi ( ) . Their only son was Li Xintian ( ) , a founder of medical psychology in China .
References
1890 births
1966 deaths
Republic of China translators
Translators to Chinese
People from Yongzhou
Writers from Hunan
People 's Republic of China translators
Chinese publishers ( people )
Educators from Hunan
National Wuhan University alumni
Presidents of Wuhan University
Jinan University faculty
Guangxi University faculty
Sun Yat-sen University faculty
Presidents of Hunan University
People persecuted to death during the Cultural Revolution
Heads of the Publicity Department of the Chinese Communist Party
Philosophers from Hunan
20th-century Chinese translators
Second Sino-Japanese War refugees
This table shows an overview of the protected heritage sites in the Walloon town Chaumont-Gistoux . This list is part of Belgium 's national heritage .
| }
See also
Lists of protected heritage sites in Walloon Brabant
Chaumont-Gistoux
References
Belgian heritage register : Direction générale opérationnelle - Aménagement du territoire , Logement , Patrimoine et Energie ( DG4 )
www.dglive.be
Chaumont-Gistoux
Chaumont-Gistoux
Paradoxus osyridellus is a moth of the family Yponomeutidae . It is found in France , Spain , Portugal , Croatia , Greece Mexico and on Sardinia .
The larvae feed on olives , injuring the tender shoots .
Gallery
References
Moths described in 1869
Yponomeutidae
Moths of Europe
Herby Fortunat ( born 28 June 1982 ) is a Congolese former professional footballer who played as a forward .
Club career
Born in Port-au-Prince , Haiti , Fortunat was raised in France . He began his professional career with FC Sochaux-Montbéliard at age 18 , but never played for the club 's first team . He would play in the Championnat de France amateur and Swiss Challenge League before signing with Albanian Superliga side Besa Kavajë in 2005 . After scoring ten goals for Besa , he signed with Championnat National side L'Entente SSG in July 2006 .
On 29 January 2013 , Fortunat signed with KF Tirana for an undisclosed fee . He was presented to the media in the next day .
International career
Fortunat played twice for the France U16 national team before opting to play for the senior Congo national team in 2006 . He made three appearances for Congo-Brazzaville .
References
External links
1982 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Port-au-Prince
Republic of the Congo footballers
Haitian footballers
France youth international footballers
Republic of the Congo international footballers
Association football forwards
Haitian emigrants to France
Championnat National 2 players
Swiss Challenge League players
Kategoria Superiore players
US Joué-lès-Tours players
CO Châlons players
FC Bulle players
SC Young Fellows Juventus players
Besa Kavajë players
Entente SSG players
Can Tho FC players
KF Tirana players
Republic of the Congo expatriate footballers
Republic of the Congo expatriate sportspeople in Switzerland
Expatriate footballers in Switzerland
Republic of the Congo expatriate sportspeople in Albania
Expatriate footballers in Albania
GBK Kokkola players
The was the residence of pre-war Japanese Prime Minister Fumimaro Konoe , located in the Ogikubo neighborhood of Suginami , Tokyo , Japan . The building and surrounding gardens were designated a National Historic Site of Japan in 2016 .
Overview
The Tekigai-sō is a one-story wooden structure designed by the noted architect Itō Chūta for Tatsukichi Irisawa , a doctor with the Imperial Household Agency in 1927 . Located on a hill with a slope to the south , the villa had a view over the Zenpukuji River to Mount Fuji in the distance . Although in the very traditional sukiya-zukuri style , the design incorporated high ceilings , as Irisawa preferred western-style interior with chairs , and had several exotic design details reflecting Ito 's travels in China , India and the Middle East . The building was purchased by Konoe in 1937 , who remodeled the interior into a more traditional Japanese style . Konoe also added to the structure and constructed a separate kura warehouse . The villa was given the name of `` Tekigai-sō '' by Prince Kinmochi Saionji . When purchased by Konoe , the villa was surrounded by 6000 square meters of gardens , and Ogikubo itself was still a semi-rural area .
Konoe lived in Mejiro in downtown Tokyo and initially intended to use the Tekigai-sō as a villa , but he found its location and quiet surroundings much to his liking , and this villa became the de facto prime minister 's residence . A number of important events in the pe-war and wartime history of Japan occurred at this location . It was at the Tekigai-sō that the `` Ogikubo Conference '' was held between Konoe , Hideki Tōjō and Yosuke Matsuoka in July 1940 to discuss closer ties between Japan , Nazi Germany and Fascist Italy . This resulted later in the signing of the Tripartite Pact . It was also at the Tekigai-sō that Konoe announced the formation of the Imperial Rule Assistance Association in October 1940 with Yoriyasu Arima . It is also the location of the `` Tekigai-sō Meeting '' between Konoe , Tōjō , Admiral Koshirō Oikawa , and Foreign Minister Teijirō Toyoda , during which Tōjō refused to make any concessions regarding a negotiated settlement of the Second Sino-Japanese War , leading to Konoe 's resignation as prime minister without any resolution to the growing crisis in US-Japan relations .
Konoe returned to the Tekigai-sō after his resignation from his third term as Prime Minister in October 1941 , and continued to work behind-the-scenes in opposition to the Pacific War and to overthrow the Tōjō government in 1944 . However , after the surrender of Japan , Konoe was accused of war crimes by the American occupation authorities and committed suicide by taking potassium cyanide poison in the living room of the Tekigai-sō in December 1945 rather than face public trial .
After Konoe 's death , Shigeru Yoshida rented the property from the Konoe family and used it as his private residence for a time .
Approximately half of the structure , consisting of the entrance building and guest room , which was the venue for many political talks , were relocated to Toshima , Tokyo in 1960 , where they were reconstructed in the grounds of an office of the Tenrikyō religious organization . The Konoe family renovated the remaining portion as a residence . They continued to reside in the building until it was purchased by the Suginami government in 2014 . The current building area of Tekigai-sō is approximately 400 square meters and the grounds were open to the public as a park in March 2015 , but the interior of the building itself is not open to the public except on certain rare occasions . An agreement was reached with Tenrikyō to return the half of the structure that was relocated to Toshima in 2016 , and this structure was dismantled in 2018 and is pending reconstruction .
See also
List of Historic Sites of Japan ( Tōkyō )
References
External links
Suginami home page
History of Tokyo
Historic Sites of Japan
Houses in Japan
Buildings and structures in Tokyo
Parks and gardens in Tokyo
1927 establishments in Japan
The Le Mans Cup , previously the GT3 Le Mans Cup and currently known as the Michelin Le Mans Cup under sponsorship , is an international sports car racing endurance series inspired by the 24 Hours of Le Mans race and organized by the Automobile Club de l'Ouest ( ACO ) .
The GT3 Le Mans Cup was created in 2016 after the GTC category was dropped from the European Le Mans Series . Aiming to increase the number of GT3 entries , the ACO created a new six-event competition ( five two-hour events and a one-hour race at Le Mans ) , designed primarily for amateur drivers and leading to more competitive races . The teams ' champion automatically receives an invitation to take part in the following 24 Hours of Le Mans in the LMGTE Am category .
From the 2017 season , the series adopted a new format with LMP3 and GT3-class cars competing in their respective categories , with the ACO aiming to create a secondary division of LMP3-racing and promoting the best teams from the Le Mans Cup to the European Le Mans Series .
A new LMP3 specification with higher power engines was introduced for the 2020 season ; this was found to consume more fuel than predicted , forcing pit stop and stint time rule changes .
For 2022 the race length was shortened from two hours to 1h 50m , to enable removal of this second mandatory pit stop .
All events consist of two-hour races except the round at Le Mans , where there was a one-hour race in 2017 and have been two 55-minute races every year since 2018 .
Champions
LMP3 Drivers
LMP3 Teams
GT3 Drivers
GT3 Teams
See also
European Le Mans Series
World Sportscar Championship
References
External links
Official ACO website
European Le Mans Series
Sports car racing series
Recurring sporting events established in 2016
Group GT3
Carinostoma is a genus of harvestmen in the family Nemastomatidae with 3 described species from southeastern Europe .
Species
There are currently 3 described species in the genus Carinostoma :
Carinostoma carinatum ( Roewer , 1914 ) Northern Italy and Austria south to Serbia and Montenegro
Carinostoma elegans ( Sørensen , 1894 ) Western Ukraine and Slovakia , south to Serbia and Bulgaria
Carinostoma ornatum ( Hadzi , 1940 ) Bosnia & Herzegovina west to Bulgaria , and south to Central Macedonia
References
Harvestman genera
Arachnids of Europe
Clinesmith is a surname . Notable people with the surname include :
Kevin Clinesmith ( born 1984 ) , former FBI lawyer convicted in Crossfire Hurricane investigation
Stacy Clinesmith ( born 1978 ) , American basketball player and coach
The Māori Sidesteps are a New Zealand musical and performance group founded by Jamie McCaskill in 2016 , based in Wellington . The band reinterprets the musical tradition of Māori showbands such as The Quin Tikis , the Hi Fives , and the Howard Morrison Quartet . They perform musical skits and songs , some with lyrics changed to parody and satirise issues arising from the colonisation of New Zealand . Members of the group have included Regan Taylor , Rob Mokaraka ( Former Member ) , Cohen Holloway , Jamie McCaskill , Erroll Anderson and Jerome Leota . The costumes for the band were designed by Suzanne Tamaki . The band has featured in a sixteen episode , self-titled web series The Māori Sidesteps in 2016 and in the six episode Maori Television series Hari with the Māori Side Steps in 2021 .
In 2019 The Māori Sidesteps worked with the New Zealand Ministry of Education to create a series of videos aimed at encouraging parents of children and young people to enroll in courses to learn and be taught in Te Reo . They 've performed in various areas around New Zealand . On late September and early October of 2022 , The Māori Sidesteps performed at the Court Theatre in Christchurch , New Zealand .
References
New Zealand Māori musical groups
Musical groups established in 2016
Laurore St. Juste is a Haitian historian who co-authored a book chronicling the Polish Legions ' involvement in the Haitian Revolution , entitled Présence Polonoaise en Haiti ( 1983 ) .
References
Living people
20th-century Haitian historians
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Miedniki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Uchanie , within Hrubieszów County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland . It lies approximately east of Uchanie , north-west of Hrubieszów , and south-east of the regional capital Lublin .
The village has a population of 213 .
References
Miedniki
Sir Peter Mutton ( 1565 – 4 November 1637 ) was a Welsh lawyer and politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1604 and 1624 .
Mutton was the son of John Mytton , a landowner in the Vale of Clwyd . He matriculated at St Alban Hall , Oxford , on 18 October 1583 , at the age of 18 . He was called to the bar at Lincoln 's Inn in 1594 . In 1604 , he was elected Member of Parliament for Denbighshire . He was granted the reversion of the office of Attorney General in Wales and Shropshire , Herefordshire , Gloucestershire , Worcestershire , Cheshire , and Flintshire for life on 26 March 1607 , but resigned the position on 3 December 1614 . He was appointed Attorney in the Marches and one of the council , and granted leave to practise on 23 December 1609 . He was appointed Prothonotary and Clerk of the Crown in North Wales . He was Puisne Justice until 1621 . From 1624 to 1637 , he was Chief Justice of the Great Sessions for the counties of Anglesea , Carnarvon and Merioneth . He was knighted on 5 June 1622 . Also in 1622 he was chosen a Bencher of Lincoln 's Inn . In 1624 he was elected MP for Carnarvon . He was Master in Chancery from 1624 to 1637 . He bought Llannerch Hall , Denbighshire .
Mutton died at the age of about 72 and was buried at Henllan .
Mutton married firstly a twelve-year-old orphan girl . He married secondly Eleanor Griffith , widow of Evan Griffith of Pengwern , Flintshire , and daughter of Edmund Williams of Conway , and sister to John Williams Archbishop of York 1641–50 .
References
1565 births
1637 deaths
People from Denbighshire
Alumni of St Alban Hall , Oxford
Members of Lincoln 's Inn
Members of the Parliament of England ( pre-1707 ) for constituencies in Wales
English MPs 1604–1611
English MPs 1624–1625
Members of Parliament for Caernarfon
Miles Stewart ( born 4 May 1971 in Sydney , Manly ) is an athlete from Australia , who competes in triathlon .
Originally a speedskater from Wollongong he rose to the elite ranks of the emerging sport of triathlon in the early 1990s whilst living on Queensland 's Gold Coast .
Palmarès
3 time ( consecutive ) winner of the Hervey Bay Triathlon .
He won the silver medal at the 2002 Commonwealth Games in Manchester .
Stewart competed at the first Olympic triathlon at the 2000 Summer Olympics . He took sixth place with a total time of 1:49:14.52 .
Currently CEO of Triathlon Australia
Stewart can be found in the Guinness Book of World Records for the fastest triathlon time in the world .
References
External links
1971 births
Living people
Australian male triathletes
Olympic triathletes of Australia
Triathletes at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Sydney
Commonwealth Games silver medallists for Australia
Triathletes at the 2002 Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games medallists in triathlon
20th-century Australian people
21st-century Australian people
Eugen Cătălin Baciu ( born 25 May 1980 in Vaslui ) is a Romanian football player .
Club career
12 May 2001 : Made his Divizia A debut in the FCM Bacău 2–0 defeat of Gloria Bistriţa .
Prior to joining Steaua București in 2004 , he played for Laminorul Roman and FCM Bacău .
Steaua have signed Bacău 's Eugen Baciu for a fee of €230,000 .
He is not a first team regular at Steaua București , but when he is brought on the pitch , he does his job very well . He was brought at Steaua București as a replacement for the injured Mirel Rădoi , in 2004 . The Steaua București fans did not think that he was good enough to play for this team . His evolutions were hesitant in his first season in Steaua București . He needed a longer period of adaptation . He started to shine in the 2006–2007 season of Liga 1 , Mirel Rădoi and Sorin Ghionea being injured in its second part . He really got it going , but the fans still could not forget his hesitant evolutions in the last two seasons .
He had his best game on 2 October 2007 , in Steaua București 's 0–1 defeat against Arsenal in the Champions League . He was voted the best player on the pitch for Steaua București in that match , when he somehow managed to make a very good marking at Emmanuel Adebayor .
He is a very solid and tough centre back . Despite not being a regular of the first team , Baciu is always an option for the coach when either Dorin Goian or Sorin Ghionea are not available .
In the beginning of 2010–11 season , Baciu was demoted to the B squad after the arrival of new coach Victor Piţurcă . Soon after Piţurcă left the club , new coach Dumitrescu called him back to the first squad .
In June 2011 , Baciu left Steaua .
International career
Baciu won a cap for Romania , in 2002 , against Poland .
Titles
References
External links
1980 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Vaslui
Romanian footballers
Association football central defenders
Liga I players
FCM Bacău players
FC Steaua București players
FC Steaua II București players
Romania international footballers
OlliOlli World is a sports video game developed by Roll7 and published by Private Division . As the third game in the OlliOlli series , the game was released for Microsoft Windows , Nintendo Switch , PlayStation 4 , PlayStation 5 , Xbox One , and Xbox Series X/S in February 2022 . The game received generally favorable reviews by critics .
Gameplay
OlliOlli World is a 2D-platforming skateboarding game . The game takes place in Radlandia , where the player can interact with the game 's characters , and take on side quests . To get high scores , the player is required to chain together tricks in order to get combos . The player can ride walls and grind on rails to increase their score . OlliOlli World introduces elements new to the franchise , such as quarter pipes and branching paths . The game has a hand-drawn art style , in contrast to the pixel art of previous entries .
Development
The game was developed by British developer Roll7 . One focus of development was making the game more accessible to newcomers , while still retaining high level play . The developers commented on the switch to 3D , saying , `` OlliOlli and OlliOlli 2 are awesome games but there are things in the physics that we always wanted to do that we were never able to make work . There were ramps that we wanted to put in , huge launches and angles that were impossible when we were essentially doing pixel art '' .
The studio had previously considered making a 3D OlliOlli , but gained inspiration for it on a prototype that let the player skate forwards and backwards . Another focus was making failed landings less punishing . Roll7 replaced the previous penalty of failing the level with a loss of speed alongside breaking the player 's combo . John Ribbins , the creative director of the game , says that the hand drawn art style was inspired by Jet Set Radio and comic books .
OlliOlli World was announced during Nintendos April Indie World presentation . It was then later released on February 8 , 2022 , with Private Division serving as its publisher .
Reception
OlliOlli World received `` generally favorable '' reviews , according to review aggregator Metacritic .
Polygon praised the title for allowing player creativity , `` The thing I love about skateboarding is how it lets me be creative with my body ... OlliOlli World 's wacky environments explode this fantasy to the nth degree '' . The Verge liked the new sureal world in compasion to the previous games , `` the fantasy universe really adds life to the franchise , which was previously full of drab , utilitarian urban environments '' . Despite criticizing the writing as having a `` how do you do fellow kids '' feel , The Guardian enjoyed the visuals and game feel , saying `` intricate stage backgrounds make this fantastical world come alive ... this kingdom of eye-popping pinks , giant donuts and hipster animals blends together to create something wonderfully warm and relaxing '' . Game Informer liked the stage design , especially the multiple routes the player could take through it , `` Each level 's various explorable paths also means you can replay them to discover new experiences and combo opportunities . Often , I immediately revisited a level to see how other routes stacked up and what challenges I could find there '' .
References
External links
2022 video games
Indie video games
Nintendo Switch games
PlayStation 4 games
PlayStation 5 games
Private Division games
Roll7 games
Skateboarding video games
Take-Two Interactive games
Video games developed in the United Kingdom
Windows games
Xbox One games
Xbox Series X and Series S games
The North American monsoon , variously known as the Southwest monsoon , the Mexican monsoon , the New Mexican monsoon , or the Arizona monsoon is a pattern of pronounced increase in thunderstorms and rainfall over large areas of the southwestern United States and northwestern Mexico , typically occurring between June and mid-September . During the monsoon , thunderstorms are fueled by daytime heating and build up during the late afternoon and early evening . Typically , these storms dissipate by late night , and the next day starts out fair , with the cycle repeating daily . The monsoon typically loses its energy by mid-September when much drier conditions are reestablished over the region . Geographically , the North American monsoon precipitation region is centered over the Sierra Madre Occidental in the Mexican states of Sinaloa , Durango , Sonora and Chihuahua .
Mechanism
The North American monsoon is a complex weather process that brings moisture from the Gulf of California ( and to lesser extent the eastern Pacific and Gulf of Mexico ) over northwestern Mexico and southwestern US resulting in summer thunderstorms , especially at higher elevations . The North American monsoon is not as strong or persistent as its Indian counterpart , mainly because the Mexican Plateau is not as high or as large as the Tibetan Plateau in Asia . However , the North American monsoon shares most of the basic characteristics of its Indian counterpart .
In the monsoon area , the late spring period is very hot and dry , because the dry western side subtropical high pressure ridge and dry continental air have not begun to 'shift ' northwards yet . During this period , inland areas have very low relative humidity , and characteristically low dew points , which are frequently well below the freezing mark .
In early summer , the monsoon starts with a shift in wind patterns as Mexico and the southwest U.S. warm under intense solar heating . The prevailing winds start to flow from somewhat cooler moist ocean areas into hotter , dry land areas . Precipitation increases in late May to early June in southern Mexico and spreads along the western slopes of the Sierra Madre Occidental , reaching Arizona and New Mexico in early July . It extends into the southwest United States as it matures in mid-July , when an area of high pressure , called the monsoon or subtropical ridge , develops in the upper atmosphere over the Four Corners region , creating wind flow aloft from the east or southeast . At the same time , a thermal low ( a trough of low pressure from intense surface heating ) develops over the Mexican Plateau and the Desert Southwest of the United States .
The thermal low sets up circulation that bring pulses of low level moisture from the Gulf of California and eastern Pacific . The Gulf of California , a narrow body of water surrounded by mountains , is particularly important for low-level moisture transport into Arizona and Sonora . Upper level moisture is also transported into the region , mainly from the Gulf of Mexico by easterly winds aloft . Once the forests of the Sierra Madre Occidental green up from the initial monsoon rains , evaporation and plant transpiration can add additional moisture to the atmosphere which will then flow into Arizona . Finally , if the southern Plains of the U.S. are unusually wet and green during the early summer months , that area can also serve as a moisture source .
As precipitable water values rise in early summer , brief but often torrential thunderstorms can occur , especially over mountainous terrain . This activity is occasionally enhanced by the passage of tropical waves and the entrainment of the remnants of tropical cyclones .
Effects
Monsoon precipitation accounts for a substantial portion of annual precipitation in northwest Mexico and the Southwest U.S . Most of these areas receive over half their annual precipitation from the monsoon . Many desert plants are adapted to take advantage of this brief wet season . Because of the monsoons , the Sonoran and Mojave are considered relatively `` wet '' when ranked among other deserts such as the Sahara .
Monsoons often play a role in reducing wildfire threat by providing moisture at higher elevations during the wildfire season . Heavy monsoon rain can lead to excess winter plant growth , in turn a summer wildfire risk . A lack of monsoon rain can hamper summer seeding , reducing excess winter plant growth but worsening drought .
Flash flooding is a serious danger during the monsoon . Dry washes can become raging rivers in an instant , even when no storms are visible as a storm can cause a flash flood tens of miles away ; it is therefore wise to avoid camping in a dry wash during the monsoon . Lightning strikes are also a significant danger . Because it is dangerous to be caught in the open when these storms suddenly appear , many golf courses in Arizona have thunderstorm warning systems .
Once the monsoon is underway , mountain ranges , including the Sierra Madre Occidental and the Mogollon Rim provide a focusing mechanism for the daily development of thunderstorms . Thus much of the monsoon rainfall occurs in mountainous terrain . For example , monsoon rainfall in the Sierra Madre Occidental typically ranges from 10 to 15 inches . Since the southwest U.S. is at the northern fringe of the monsoon , precipitation is less and tends to be more variable . Areas farther west of the core monsoon region , namely California and Baja California , typically receive only spotty monsoon-related rainfall . In those areas , the intense solar heating is not strong enough to overcome a continual supply of cold water from the North Pacific Ocean moving down the west coast of North America . Winds do turn toward the land in these areas , but the cool moist air actually stabilizes the atmosphere . The monsoon pushes as far west as the Peninsular Ranges and Transverse Ranges of Southern California , but rarely reaches the coastal strip . As shown in the panorama below , a wall of thunderstorms , only a half-hour 's drive away , is a common sight from the sunny skies along the coast during the monsoon .
Variability
Rainfall during the monsoon is not continuous . It varies considerably , depending on a variety of factors . There are usually distinct `` burst '' periods of heavy rain during the monsoon , and `` break '' periods with little or no rain . The variability is difficult to understand and predict , because it results from the complex interactions between atmospheric circulation features at both the synoptic ( 100 to 1000 km spatially , 1 day to 1 week , temporally ) and mesoscale ( several km to 100 km , hours to one day temporally ) and the extremely varied topography . The larger-scale atmospheric motions may control the distribution of water vapor and the general stability or instability ( that is , the tendency to form storms ) in the atmosphere ; nevertheless , local topographic effects are critical to the geographic and even temporal distribution of convective activity .
The monsoon ridge is almost as strong as the one which develops over Asia during the summer . However , since the lower level moisture flow is not as persistent as in the Indian monsoon , the upper level steering pattern and disturbances around the ridge are critical for influencing where thunderstorms develop on any given day . The exact strength and position of the subtropical ridge also governs how far north the tropical easterly winds aloft can spread . If the ridge is too close to a particular area , the sinking air at its center suppresses thunderstorms and can result in a significant monsoon `` break . '' If the ridge is too far away or too weak , the east winds around the high are inadequate to bring tropical moisture into the mountains of Mexico and southwest U.S . However , if the ridge sets up in a few key locations , widespread and potentially severe thunderstorms can develop .
Monsoon variability from one summer to the next is substantial , and exceeds the normal monsoon seasonal precipitation at most locations . For example , the normal monsoon precipitation at Tucson , Arizona is . The driest monsoon season measured , and the wettest measured .
Research since 2010 has investigated the possible causes behind North American monsoon variability . The following factors are affect the North American monsoon :
Sea surface temperature anomalies
Large-scale circulation patterns
Previous year 's precipitation
Location of the intertropical convergence zone
Variability in the Gulf of California moisture surges
None of these factors can perfectly predict the variability . These factors are related to each other and are not independent . For example , sea surface temperatures affect all the other factors to some extent .
In some years , the Nevada deserts may receive almost no monsoon influence if the western subtropical high shifts less than in typical years . For instance in 2020 , the subtropical high remained further south than usual due to the influence of a strong ridge of high pressure over the northern Pacific , displacing the jet stream further inland . The combination of these factors blocked moist tropical air from reaching the American Southwest , leading to below average rainfall .
Definition of monsoon
Whether the North American monsoon is a `` true monsoon '' has been controversial . Until the late 1970s , there was serious debate about whether a monsoon truly existed in North America . However , considerable research , which culminated in the Southwest Arizona Monsoon Project ( SWAMP ) in 1990 and 1993 , established the fact that a bonafide monsoon , characterized by large-scale wind and rainfall shifts in the summer , develops over much of Mexico and the intermountain region of the U.S .
The controversy continues because of the incomplete reversal of the winds during the monsoon . The prevailing winds shift from westerly pre-monsoon to southerly during the monsoon . Because this is not a complete 180-degree reversal , some climatologists claim the North American monsoon is not a true monsoon . Other climatologists claim it is a real monsoon .
See also
ARkStorm
Haboob
References
Climate of Mexico
Gulf of California
Madrean Region
Mexican Plateau
Articles containing video clips
Weather events in the United States
Livoniana is a genus of prehistoric lobe-finned fish which lived during the Devonian period ( Givetian - Frasnian stages , about 374 - 391 million years ago ) .
This species is a transitional form between fish and the earliest tetrapods , like Tiktaalik , Ichthyostega and Acanthostega . Before Livoniana there was Elginerpeton and Obruchevichthys .
Four legs developed in water , not on land , to better escape waterliving predatory creatures like Hyneria . There were very lush forests , and particularly swamps , where four limbs became very useful to avoid predators .
References
External links
Livoniana multidentata at Devonian Times
Elpistostegalians
Prehistoric lobe-finned fish genera
Transitional fossils
Devonian fish of Europe
The House of Assembly of Kiribati has a Speaker , a function adapted from the British Westminster model . The position was established in 1979 by article 71 of the Constitution , when the country became independent from the United Kingdom . It replaced the Speaker of the former House of Representatives existing since 1967 , then known as Legislative Council in 1970 and House of Assembly since 1974 .
Article 71 states that the Speaker `` shall be elected by the members of the Maneaba [ House of Assembly ] from among persons who are not members of the Maneaba '' . His or her function is to `` preside at each sitting of the Maneaba '' ( art.72 ) .
The website of the House of Assembly indicates that his `` decision on a point of order is final . He is fully entitled to regulate the conduct of business in all matters not provided in the Rules of Procedure . He has the specific power to decide whether a bill or a motion pertains to money matters , which then requires a minister 's signification . He may adjourn a sitting if there is no quorum after an objection is raised by a member '' .
The Speaker is also a member of the Council of State , the purpose of which is to `` perform the duties of the Beretitenti and other executive functions of Government when a motion of no confidence in the Beretitenti or the Government is supported in the Maneaba Ni Maungatabu . ''
Presidents of the Legislative council then House of Assembly of Gilbert and Ellice Islands
Reuben Uatioa was the Vice-President of the Legislative council and leader of the government business .
Speakers of the Legislature of Gilbert Islands
Speakers of the House of Assembly of Kiribati
Notes and references
Kiribati , House of Assembly
Kiribati , House of Assembly
George Mure Black ( 15 February 1854 – 18 July 1936 ) was a Scottish-born Australian politician .
He was born in Edinburgh to messenger-at-arms George Stevenson Black and Isabella Muir . He was educated at Leith and attended the University of Edinburgh , studying arts and medicine but never graduating . He emigrated to Victoria in 1877 , moving to New South Wales in 1878 . From 1877 he lived with Georgina Duggan ; they were never married but had twelve children . Black undertook a variety of jobs , eventually becoming a journalist with the Bulletin from 1889 to 1891 and editor of the Australian Workman from 1891 to 1892 . In 1891 he was elected to the New South Wales Legislative Assembly for West Sydney , one of the first group of Labour MLAs . In 1894 he was elected to Sydney-Gipps as an independent Labour member , having fallen out with the party over the introduction of the pledge , but he had rejoined by 1895 after changes were made to the pledge . On 21 June 1894 he had married Rosielinn Clarkson . He was defeated in 1898 and returned to journalism , editing the Sydney Worker , the Radical and the Bathurst National Advocate . He returned to parliament in 1910 as the member for Namoi and was promoted to the front bench as Minister for Agriculture ( February to March 1915 ) , Colonial Secretary ( 1915–1916 ) and Minister for Public Health ( 1915–1916 ) . Expelled from the Labor Party over conscription in 1916 , he was defeated as an Independent Labor candidate in 1917 . He was then appointed by the Nationalist Party to the New South Wales Legislative Council , where he served from 1917 to 1934 .
His first wife was Georgina Johnstone . This marriage produced several children .
He married Rosalind Clarkson ( née Singleton ) in 1894 at St Pauls Anglican Church in Hornsby .
Rosalind passed in 1917
He married Priscilla Verne ( née , Jones , Kelly ) , a former actress on the Tivoli circuit in Australia , at Randwick on 11 April 1928 . He had met Priscilla while shopping at David Jones in Sydney . A news article stated that the pair become grandparents several weeks later .
Black died at Lidcombe in 1936 .
References
1854 births
1936 deaths
Independent members of the Parliament of New South Wales
Members of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly
Members of the New South Wales Legislative Council
Australian Labor Party members of the Parliament of New South Wales
Nationalist Party of Australia members of the Parliament of New South Wales
United Australia Party members of the Parliament of New South Wales
Alumni of the University of Edinburgh
Voser is a surname . Notable people with the surname include :
Kay Voser ( born 1987 ) , Swiss footballer
Peter Voser ( born 1958 ) , Swiss businessman
See also
Moser ( surname )
The Northampton Street Bridge is a bridge that crosses the Delaware River , connecting Easton , Pennsylvania , and Phillipsburg , New Jersey , United States . It is maintained by the Delaware River Joint Toll Bridge Commission despite not being a toll bridge . It is known locally as the `` Free Bridge '' thus distinguishing it from the Easton–Phillipsburg Toll Bridge just upstream to the north . The crossing was first a ferry crossing run by David Martin , beginning in 1739 .
The original wooden bridge opened on October 14 , 1806 . The original bridge was designed and built by Timothy Palmer , one of the most famous bridge builders of his time . Palmer 's covered bridge at Easton endured many floods and storms while other bridges fell . However , by the late nineteenth century , when horse-drawn streetcars were replaced by trolley cars , the old wooden bridge could no longer handle the demands of traffic and a new structure was erected in 1895 . The new bridge was designed by James Madison Porter III , an alumnus of nearby Lafayette College and later a professor of civil engineering there . Porter hailed from a family long prominent in Easton and Pennsylvania history .
Tolls were charged until 1921 , when the DRJTBC bought it from the Delaware Bridge Company .
The bridge is currently posted for a weight limit and a speed limit . Noted as `` combining aesthetics with economical design '' , the bridge was designated a National Historic Civil Engineering Landmark by the American Society of Civil Engineers and commemorated in 1995 .
History
1955 damage
Flooding from Hurricanes Connie and Diane in August 1955 ravaged the Delaware River valley . During the flooding , four bridges sustained serious damage or were washed away . The Portland–Columbia Covered Bridge , the Point Pleasant–Byram Bridge , and the Yardley–Wilburtha Bridge had all or most of their spans washed away . At 5 am on August 20 , 1955 , remains of the covered bridge further north washed their way downstream and jammed at the Northampton Street Bridge . The jam , combined with the rushing water , cut through the structure , causing a gap in the center span . The remaining parts of the bridge were littered in debris from the rushing waters . The span washing away also destroyed telephone cables , which had to be restored by 300 men stringing temporary wire together .
Tolls on the Easton–Phillipsburg Toll Bridge were ten cents at the time , but they were lowered to five cents on September 1 , 1955 until the Northampton Street Bridge was repaired . The United States Army Corps of Engineers installed two parallel Bailey bridges between the damaged free bridge and the toll bridge . Those bridges opened on March 15 , 1956 , built with a speed limit of and a weight limit of .
See also
List of Historic Civil Engineering Landmarks
List of bridges documented by the Historic American Engineering Record in New Jersey
List of bridges documented by the Historic American Engineering Record in Pennsylvania
List of crossings of the Delaware River
References
External links
DRJTBC Official page
Delaware River Joint Toll Bridge Commission
Bridges over the Delaware River
Bridges completed in 1806
Bridges in Warren County , New Jersey
Historic Civil Engineering Landmarks
Bridges in Northampton County , Pennsylvania
Phillipsburg , New Jersey
Road bridges in New Jersey
Road bridges in Pennsylvania
Historic American Engineering Record in New Jersey
Historic American Engineering Record in Pennsylvania
Former toll bridges in New Jersey
Former toll bridges in Pennsylvania
Steel bridges in the United States
Interstate vehicle bridges in the United States
Lonicera nitida is a species of flowering plant in the honeysuckle family . In English , it is sometimes given the common names box honeysuckle or Wilson 's honeysuckle . It is widely used as a low hedging plant , and for topiary . It is also a popular low-maintenance ground cover plant for urban landscaping .
The species is native to China , in the area of Yunnan and West Sichuan , where It grows in scrub form along streams at .
Description
L. nitida is a broadleaf evergreen shrub tall and wide if unclipped , with dark green , small leaves ( 6–16 millimeters long ) . The creamy white , fragrant flowers , appearing at the end of spring , are 6 millimeters long , and grow in pairs . The fruit ( rarely formed on clipped specimens ) is an inedible bluish-purple berry about 6 millimeters in diameter . The stems are layered one on top of the other giving the appearance of a haystack . The growth rate is moderate or fast growing . While resistant to deer and rabbits , it is attractive to birds . When planted , the species is easy to clip and needs frequent clipping because it flops if it grows to a height over 5 feet . The species is commonly confused with Cotoneaster species . The difference between the two is that Cotoneaster has alternate leaves while this species has opposite leaves .
The Latin specific epithet nitida means “ shining ' , in reference to its glossy leaves .
Cultivars include 'Maigrün ' , 'Baggesen 's Gold ' and 'Briloni ' ( a.k.a . 'Edmee Gold ' )
Cultivation
When planted , the species should be put in the full sun to light shade in fertile , well-drained soil . The species is more shade resistant than most honeysuckles . The species can tolerate drought and pollution .
Lonicera nitida takes clipping well and makes a small hedge . The cultivar ‘ Baggesen 's Gold ' has gained the Royal Horticultural Society 's Award of Garden Merit .
At Osborne House , a holiday home built in 1845 on the Isle of Wight for Queen Victoria and her husband Prince Albert , there are L. nitida shrubs clipped in the form of stags rising from beds of Felicia amelloides , Festuca glauca , and Pelargonium inquinans .
This plant is often used for bonsai . Because it is an energetic grower , it is possible to collect old and quite sizable L. nitida from the landscape or growing wild , cut most of the roots and branches off to start from scratch to build a new tree-like form .
References
Shrubs
nitida
Flora of China
Saareküla may refer to several places in Estonia :
Saareküla , Põlva County , village in Estonia
Saareküla , Saare County , village in Estonia
Saareküla , Viljandi County , village in Estonia
1ES 2344+514 is a blazar first detected on December 20 , 1995 with its official discovery being announced in 1998 . It is more than 5 billion light years away from Earth . It was discovered by the Whipple Collaboration at the Whipple Observatory using a 10 meter gamma-ray telescope .
References
Blazars
Cassiopeia ( constellation )
Beverley Breuer is a Canadian actress who has worked in television and film .
Filmography
Film
Television
References
External links
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
Canadian film actresses
Canadian television actresses
Kazemabad ( , also Romanized as Kāz̧emābād ; also known as Kāzimābād ) is a village in Talkh Ab Rural District , Khenejin District , Farahan County , Markazi Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 110 , in 31 families .
References
Populated places in Farahan County
Vossler is a surname . Notable people with the surname include :
Ernie Vossler ( 1928–2013 ) , American golfer
Karl Vossler ( 1872–1949 ) , German linguist and scholar
Marcos Michael ( ; born June 13 , 1991 in Cyprus ) is a Cypriot footballer who plays for Alki Oroklini .
Marcos Michael is a product of Bolton Wanderers F.C . youth system and he started his professional career from Anorthosis FC , after the call-up from Anorthosis 2nd teams squad from coach Boban Krčmarević due to the lack of available players to the position of striker .
Club career
Anorthosis Famagusta
Season 2010-11
He made his official debut in the November 20th 2010 , against Apollon Limassol , on a local derby . Furthermore he scored his first goal on the 13 minutes he played .
Enosis Neon Parekklisia
Season 2011-12
In the second half of the season he was given on loan to Enosis Neon Parekklisia in the Cypriot Second Division where he scored 10 goals in 12 league appearances .
Olympiakos Nicosia
Season 2012-13
As good enough can be evaluated his season at Olympiacos Nicosia . The 21-year-old striker played 4 times in the starting lineup in the league and another 12 as a substitution . With a total time of 547 minutes , the eleven goals scored is a good performance .
Nikos & Sokratis Erimis
Season 2013-14
Marcos Michael then moved to Cypriot Second Division side Nikos & Sokratis Erimis . He played 3 times in the starting lineup in the league and another 12 as a substitution . With a total time of 616 minutes , he scored twenty times .
References
External links
Footballdatabase.eu Profile
1991 births
Living people
Cypriot footballers
Cypriot expatriate footballers
Association football forwards
Bolton Wanderers F.C . players
Anorthosis Famagusta F.C . players
Enosis Neon Parekklisia FC players
Olympiakos Nicosia players
Nikos & Sokratis Erimis FC players
Aris Limassol FC players
Nea Salamis Famagusta FC players
FC Petrolul Ploiești players
ASIL Lysi players
Othellos Athienou F.C . players
Alki Oroklini players
Cypriot expatriate sportspeople in England
Expatriate footballers in England
Expatriate footballers in Romania
The Fulton County Street Railroad Company of Atlanta , Georgia was organized in 1883 by :
James W. English , businessman and once mayor of Atlanta
J. Henry Porter , who was once a city councilman
William T. Newman , Confederate war hero , U.S. district judge and city attorney ; father of writer Frances Newman
William A. Hemphill , who was once mayor
Dr. Henry Lumpkin Wilson , physician and city councilman who was active in the city 's expansion and development
Maj. William D. Luckie , `` prominent secret order man '' and cashier of the Merchant 's Bank
Robert A. Bacon , secretary of the railroad commission
David C. Black , and
Augustus Shaw , `` well-known railroad man and veteran of the Confederacy ''
The first lines authorized were to go from the Union Station to what is now Midtown Atlanta along West Peachtree St. and Jackson St .
The primary route became the Nine-Mile Circle which was intended to develop the newly subdivided neighborhood of Copenhill , where the Carter Center now stands .
It was merged into the Atlanta Consolidated Street Railway in 1891 .
The trolley barns on on Virginia Avenue on the east side of the BeltLine ( today 's Virginia Highland Apartments ) , remained in service into the 20th century , servicing city buses until 1977 . In 1988 , the trolley barns were torn down despite the City Council and Virginia Highland Civic Associations 's attempts to save them . Although previously assuring local residents that he avowed saving the historic structures , Mayor Andrew Young then vetoed the resolution , and the Council 's vote of 11–3 was not enough to override it . Young cited the discovery of asbestos in the buildings and other hazardous materials on the property .
References
See also
Streetcars in Atlanta
Timeline of mass transit in Atlanta
History of Atlanta
Defunct public transport operators in the United States
Companies based in Atlanta
Railway lines in Atlanta
1883 establishments in Georgia ( U.S. state )
Katherine Vera Aumer ( formerly Katherine Aumer-Ryan , born 1981 ) is an American social psychologist . Her current research focuses on interpersonal relationships and identity issues concerning both culture and race . Her work has also focused on the psychology of hatred . Formerly an associate professor and chair of psychology at Hawaii Pacific University , she currently serves as an assistant professor of psychology at the University of Hawai ‘ i–West O ‘ ahu .
Biography
Aumer received her B.A . in Psychology and Theatre in 2003 from the University of Iowa and her PhD from the University of Texas at Austin in 2008 .
Aumer has been published in Social Justice Research , Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin , The Proceedings of the American Society for Information Science and Technology , Ethnic and Racial Studies , Sexual and Relationship Therapy , Journal of Relationships Research , Interpersona , and Proceedings of the Human Factors and Ergonomics Society Annual Meeting .
References
American women psychologists
American psychologists
University of Iowa alumni
University of Texas at Austin College of Liberal Arts alumni
Hawaii Pacific University
Living people
1981 births
Place of birth missing ( living people )
21st-century American women
The Gorgon Cult is the third studio album by the Italian symphonic black metal band Stormlord . Melodic riffs , high speed double bass intensive drumming , extensive use of keyboards and orchestral parts form the backbone of the record . Also this time band has incorporated some operatic female vocals alongside vocalist Cristiano Borchi who carries on with his style of coupling high pitched screeches with guttural vocals . Clean vocals are also featured on some parts of the album .
Track listing
All songs written by Francesco Bucci , except where noted .
`` The Torchbearer '' ( Simone Scazzocchio ) – 1:00
`` Dance of Hecate '' – 5:09
`` Wurdulak '' – 4:11
`` Under the Boards '' – 5:44
`` The Oath of the Legion '' – 4:53
`` The Gorgon Cult '' – 4:49
`` Memories of Lemuria '' ( Simone Scazzocchio ) – 3:41
`` Medusa 's Coil '' – 5:19
`` Moonchild '' ( Bruce Dickinson , Steve Harris ) – 5:02
`` Nightbreed '' ( Damnagoras ) – 5:56
Personnel
Cristiano Borchi - vocals
Pierangelo Giglioni - Guitar
Giampaolo Caprino - Guitar
Francesco Bucci - Bass
Simone Scazzocchio - keyboards
David Folchitto - drums
2004 albums
Stormlord ( band ) albums
Scarlet Records albums
Lemuria ( continent )
Albums with cover art by Jean-Pascal Fournier
Hi-Fi Set was a Japanese recording group formed in 1974 , and later disbanded in 1994 . The group 's line-up consisted of Junko Yamamoto , Toshihiko Yamamoto and Shigeru Okawa .
History
Early Years : Debut
In September 1974 , the folk group known Red Bird was disbanded due to creative differences . Later , former members of the group Junko Yamamoto ( vocal guitar ) , Toshihiko Yamamoto ( guitar ) , and Shigeru Okawa ( bass ) decided to form their own group : Hi-Fi Set .
Breakthrough
Recording a new set of tracks , the group returned in 1975 with a Yumi Arai written song `` Graduation photo '' which was released simultaneously with the group debut album of the same name – same year . Throughout the year , the group re-recorded a series of Arai 's song 's who wrote for their album , songs such as `` Cold Rain '' and `` Smile in the Chaoyang '' which was later covered by Arai himself , these songs helped the group gain some momentum .
In 1977 , Brazilian singer-songwriter Morris Albert 's `` Feelings '' was covered by the group and it became an instant hit , the same year the group also made an appearance at the New Year annual TV special NHK Kōhaku Uta Gassen . Since then , with outstanding vocal work by Junko Yamamoto 's soprano , Toshihiko Yamamoto 's tenor , and Shigeru Okawa 's bass voice , and an urban and sophisticated arrangement sound , the group became a very popular folk group during the heyday of new music in Japan .
During the early years in their careers , the quartet performed as opening acts for established artists of the time as the likes of Miwako Hiromatsu . The group also gained fame with hits such `` My Beautiful Music '' and `` Sky Restaurant '' which was sampled by American recording rapper J. Cole , these hit songs helped spur the group career and helped introduce them to a wider audience . In 1980 , the group went into a hiatus but resumed a year later with their music , breaking a record by being the first act in Japanese music history to sing 4-beat jazz with Japanese composition .
In 1984 , `` I want to be honest '' was released and the song became the group 's most commercially successful song . With 26 single songs and 19 albums released throughout their years active as a group , In 1994 the group officially announced their disbandment and was disbanded .
Disbandment : Aftermath
Throughout the years , Junko Yamamoto was active as a singer/ songwriter .
After disbanding , Toshihiko Yamamoto continued his career as a music producer until his death in March 27 , 2014 .
In 1995 , groups Shigeru Okawa was arrested for an attempted theft at a supermarket in Aoba-ku , Yokohama . However , he was not charged . Ever since the group 's disbandment , he has not returned to music .
Members
Junko Yamamoto ( December 30 , 1949 ) ( 71 years old ) was born in Tenkawa-mura , Yoshino-gun , Nara Prefecture .
Toshihiko Yamamoto ( February 23 , 1947 – March 27 , 2014 ( 67 years old ) Yamamoto was born in Osaka City .
Shigeru Okawa ( b. September 6 , 1945 ) ( 76 years old ) was born in Mie Prefecture .
Discography
Albums
Singles
Live album
Videography
Other songs/ Projects
Unreleased songs
`` Joy '' – Toyota Motor Corporation- Toyota Carina/Carina CM song ( lyric : Yu Akyu , composer : Yasuhiro Suzuki ] ] .1988 )
NHK Kohaku Uta Gassen participation history
Notes
The appearance order is expressed as `` Appearance order / Number of contestants '' .
References
Japanese musical groups
Den gröne Jägaren ( meaning `` The Green Hunter '' ) is a bar and restaurant at Götgatan 64 in Södermalm , Stockholm , Sweden . It began at a small tavern in the 1600s at Sankt Paulsgatan , near Van der Nootska Palace . It is said that Jacob Johan Anckarström ate his dinner at the Den gröne Jägaren on March 16 , 1792 , before he went to the Gustavian Opera House to shoot the king Gustav III .
Today 's restaurant is located on the ground floor of Hellgrenska Palace and was built in 1866 . On the façade there is the classic flag sign with a green clad hunter with his gun .
References
Restaurants in Stockholm
Commercial buildings completed in 1866
1866 establishments in Sweden
Maria Igorevna Petrova ( ; born 29 November 1977 ) is a Russian pair skater . With partner Alexei Tikhonov , she is the 2000 World champion and a two-time ( 1999 , 2000 ) European champion
Career
Petrova was a sickly child and her doctor recommended she take up a sport ; her parents got her into figure skating when she was seven . She started out in singles but always preferred pair skating and admired Ekaterina Gordeeva / Sergei Grinkov so she made the switch to pairs at 13 .
She initially competed with Anton Sikharulidze with whom she is the 1994 and 1995 World Junior Champion . They split in 1996 and she teamed up with Teimuraz Pulin , winning the silver medal at the 1997 World Junior championships .
Petrova teamed up with Alexei Tikhonov in the summer of 1998 . Together , they won the World Championship in 2000 . They placed 6th at the 2002 Winter Olympics and 5th at the 2006 Games . They won a silver medal at the 2005 Worlds , and a bronze in 2006 .
Petrova and Tikhonov announced they would retire after the 2006 Worlds , but at the request of the Russian Skating Federation they later agreed to remain eligible for another year . During their final season , they finished 6th at the Grand Prix Final , and withdrew from the World Championships due to injury .
Petrova and Tikhonov trained in Saint Petersburg with Ludmila Velikova . After retiring from competition , they performed in ice shows , including Russian television projes .
Programs
With Tikhonov
With Sikharulidze
Competitive highlights
With Alexei Tikhonov
With Teimuraz Pulin
With Anton Sikharulidze
References
External links
Official website of Maria Petrova and Alexei Tikhonov
1977 births
Living people
Russian female pair skaters
Olympic figure skaters of Russia
Figure skaters at the 2002 Winter Olympics
Figure skaters at the 2006 Winter Olympics
Figure skaters from Saint Petersburg
World Figure Skating Championships medalists
European Figure Skating Championships medalists
World Junior Figure Skating Championships medalists
Universiade medalists in figure skating
Goodwill Games medalists in figure skating
Season-end world number one figure skaters
Universiade silver medalists for Russia
Competitors at the 1997 Winter Universiade
Competitors at the 2001 Goodwill Games
Princess Louisa Inlet on the British Columbia Coast is in length and lies at the north east end of Jervis Inlet . It is entered through Malibu Rapids off Queens Reach past Malibu , a former private resort and now youth camp . A portion of the area that makes up Princess Louisa Marine Provincial Park . James Bruce Falls and Chatterbox Falls are on Loquilts Creek , a large stream that enters the head of the inlet .
History
In June 1792 George Vancouver , charting the BC Coast in a search for the Northwest Passage , explored Jervis Inlet to its end , and found the entrance to Princess Louisa Inlet but did not enter as the tide was ebbing through Malibu Rapids at the time . In 1860 Captain George Richards surveyed and mapped Jervis and Princess Louisa Inlets naming it and surrounding features . In the same year Commander Richard Charles Mayne explored the valley at the head of the inlet hoping that it would lead to the interior of British Columbia .
James F. `` Mac '' MacDonald purchased the core of the park , , in 1919 and donated it to the Princess Louisa International Society in 1953 . It was acquired by BC Parks in 1964 . Much of the remaining land surrounding the inlet has been acquired and added to the park in the following years . Hamilton Island , renamed MacDonald Island , is now a part of the park as well .
In 1940 Herman Caspar , who was rumored to have homesteaded at the entrance of the inlet , sold the land to Thomas F. Hamilton for $ 500 . Casper was a squatter and had no legal right to the land . Hamilton , an American aviation executive , did buy all the land surrounding Princess Louisa Inlet with the intent on developing it with a series of themed luxury resorts to cater to visiting yachtsmen and Hollywood celebrities . However , only one resort was built at the entrance of the inlet , the Malibu Club which was named after Hamilton 's yacht , the Malibu . In 1950 , the resort was closed and abandoned due to a polio outbreak and quarantine . The property was later sold to Young Life in 1953 and has successfully operated it as a non-denominational Christian summer camp for teenagers .
Naming of the inlet
The inlet may have been named for Princess Louise , the fourth daughter of Queen Victoria , whose husband was the Marquess of Lorne , Governor General of Canada . The vice regal couple traveled extensively in Canada . Princess Louise spent three months in Victoria , in 1876 and was popular to the point that when the Governor General announced that the awaited completion of the transcontinental railway would pass through the Selkirk Mountains at the Kicking Horse Pass into what has since become Vancouver , rather than by the Yellowhead Pass to Bute Inlet and then to Victoria , Premier Robert Beaven asked Duke whether it would be possible for Vancouver Island to become a separate kingdom with Princess Louise as Queen . The more accepted theory is that the inlet is named for Queen Victoria 's mother , Princess Victoria of Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld , who was born Mary Louise Victoria . The actual source of the name is uncertain . The adjacent Prince of Wales Reach was named after Edward VII when he was the Prince of Wales . Princess Royal Reach was named after Empress Frederick of Germany . Five mountains around Queens Reach are named after the children of Queen Victoria : Mount Victoria , Mount Alfred , Mount Alice , Mount Arthur and Mount Helena .
MacDonald Island
MacDonald Island is part of Princess Louisa Inlet in British Columbia , between the entrance of the inlet at Malibu Rapids to the head of the inlet at Chatterbox Falls . It is a popular mooring place for it is one of the few shallow places of the deep fjord . The island was originally named after the man who built a cabin at Chatterbox Falls - James F. MacDonald . In 1940 the Island was renamed Hamilton Island after Thomas F. Hamilton , who built the Malibu Club and purchased the land from MacDonald for $ 18,000 . In 1972 , the land 's name reverted to the original name of MacDonald Island .
Access
The nearest road access to the inlet is about away at the BC Ferries landing on Highway 101 at Earls Cove . The area is a popular destination for boaters and can also be accessed by float plane from various locations around the Strait of Georgia and water taxi from Earls Cove . Boaters should note that Malibu Rapids is a narrow entrance and at spring tide can have a current of .
Gallery
See also
Robert Genn Canadian landscape painter of Chatterbox Falls
References
External links
Fjords of British Columbia
Sunshine Coast Regional District
New Westminster Land District
Inlets of British Columbia
Finchum is a surname . Notable people with the surname include :
Chad Finchum ( born 1994 ) , American professional stock car racing driver
Thomas Finchum ( born 1989 ) , American country musician and platform diver
See also
Fincham ( surname )
Finchem
Wola Idzikowska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Fajsławice , within Krasnystaw County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland . It lies approximately north-west of Krasnystaw and south-east of the regional capital Lublin .
References
Wola Idzikowska
Da Big Show is a Philippine television game show broadcast by GMA Network . Hosted by Ogie Alcasid , it premiered on April 21 , 2008 . The show concluded in July 2008 . It was replaced by Takeshi 's Castle in its timeslot .
Hosts
Da Big Boss
Ogie Alcasid
Da Big Boys
More
Less
Da Big Girls
Crispy
Batchy Boi
Liempy
Chunky
Patty
Roasty
Gameplay
In Da Big Show , four teams ( composed of three members each ) compete in a series of games with the objective of being the last team standing . Each match consists of Philippine games that have gigantic props to amp up the fun .
Imagine the three members of each team being made to wear giant rubber slipper costumes to be able to tackle a giant can a la tumbang preso . Try to picture a representative from two teams dressed as gigantic spiders suspended and trying to jostle each other off a platform 20 feet off the ground . Visualize opposing teams trying to lift 30-pound concrete balls in a game of giant sungka .
The show 's biggest challenge is a giant palayok that the winning team has to shatter for them to win the jackpot prize . Should the clay pot remain unbroken , the pot money will be added to the following day 's jackpot prize .
References
External links
2008 Philippine television series debuts
2008 Philippine television series endings
Filipino-language television shows
GMA Network original programming
Philippine game shows
Pronevskaya ( ) is a rural locality ( a village ) in Tarnogskoye Rural Settlement , Tarnogsky District , Vologda Oblast , Russia . The population was 67 as of 2002 .
Geography
Pronevskaya is located 17 km northwest of Tarnogsky Gorodok ( the district 's administrative centre ) by road . Afanasyevskaya is the nearest rural locality .
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Pope Clement VIII ( r. 1592–1605 ) created 53 cardinals in six consistories .
September 17 , 1593
Lucio Sassi - Cardinal Priest
Francisco de Toledo Herrera , S.J . - Cardinal Priest
Pietro Aldobrandini - Cardinal Bishop
Cinzio Passeri Aldobrandini - Cardinal Priest
June 5 , 1596
Silvio Savelli
Lorenzo Priuli
Francesco Maria Tarugi
Ottavio Bandini
Francesco Cornaro , iuniore
Anne d'Escars de Givry
Gian Francesco Biandrate di San Giorgio Aldobrandini
Camillo Borghese
Caesar Baronius
Lorenzo Bianchetti
Francisco de Ávila
Fernando Niño de Guevara
Bartolomeo Cesi
Francesco Mantica
Pompeio Arrigoni
Andrea Baroni Peretti Montalto
December 18 , 1596
Philipp of Bavaria
March 3 , 1599
Bonifazio Bevilacqua Aldobrandini - Cardinal Bishop
Bernardo de Sandoval y Rojas - Cardinal Priest
Alfonso Visconti - Cardinal Priest
Domenico Toschi - Cardinal Priest
Arnaud d'Ossat - Cardinal Priest
Paolo Emilio Zacchia - Cardinal Priest
Franz Seraph von Dietrichstein - Cardinal Priest
Silvio Antoniano - Cardinal Priest
S. Robert Francis Romulus Bellarmine , S.J . - Cardinal Priest
Bonviso Bonvisi - Cardinal Priest
François de Sourdis - Cardinal Deacon , then elevated to Cardinal Priest
Alessandro d'Este - Cardinal Priest
Giovanni Battista Deti - Cardinal Deacon , then elevated to Cardinal Priest , finally elevated to Cardinal Bishop
September 17 , 1603
Silvestro Aldobrandini
June 9 , 1604
Séraphin Olivier-Razali
Domenico Ginnasi
Antonio Zapata y Cisneros
Filippo Spinelli
Carlo Conti
Bernard Maciejowski
Carlo Gaudenzio Madruzzo
Jacques Davy Duperron
Innocenzo del Bufalo-Cancellieri
Giovanni Delfino
Giacomo Sannesio
Erminio Valenti
Girolamo Agucchi
Girolamo Pamphilj
Ferdinando Taverna
Anselmo Marzato
Giovanni Doria
Carlo Emanuele Pio di Savoia
References
Clement 8
College of Cardinals
16th-century Catholicism
17th-century Catholicism
The tug of war competition at the 2017 World Games in Wrocław , Poland was held on July 29 and July 30 .
Medalists
References
2017 World Games
2017
2017 in tug of war
Accelink Technologies Corporation is a Chinese optical corporation . The company produces and supplies optical components and subsystems . The company offers optical fiber connectors/adaptors , optical test instruments , micro-optical devices , dispersion compensation modules , subsystems , photo detectors , fiber optical couplers/splitters , optical switches/attenuators , WDM/DWDM/CWDM/OADM modules , and optical amplifiers . It primarily serves telecommunications equipment manufacturers in China , the United States , Canada , Germany , Italy , Japan , Korea , India , and elsewhere internationally . The company was founded in 1976 and is headquartered in Wuhan . It is listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange .
External links
( Official homepage in English )
( Bloomberg profile )
Optics manufacturing companies
Manufacturing companies based in Wuhan
Technology companies established in 1976
Chinese brands
Chinese companies established in 1976
Jean-Sébastien Rouillard ( 1789 in Paris – 1852 ) was a French portrait painter . A student of Jacques-Louis David , he exhibited at the Salon from 1817 onwards and gained many official commissions , notably for the musée de l'Histoire de France at the château de Versailles . He was awarded the Légion d'honneur . He married the miniature painter Françoise-Julie-Aldrovandine Lenoir , who died in the 1832 Paris cholera epidemic . They had two children , including the talented amateur painter Stéphanie ( 1822-1908 ) , who in 1842 married the agronomist Victor Rendu . The Rouillard family tomb is in the first section of the first division of the cimetière du Montparnasse .
External links
Extract from Charles Gabe 's dictionary of 19th century French artists
Rouillard 's portrait of Juglar
1789 births
1852 deaths
French portrait painters
Painters from Paris
19th-century French painters
French male painters
Burials at Montparnasse Cemetery
19th-century French male artists
Badi is a town and a nagar panchayat in Raisen district in the state of Madhya Pradesh , India .
Demographics
As of the 2011 Census of India , Badi had a population of 19,603 . Males constitute 53 % of the population and females 47 % . Badi has an average literacy rate of 61 % , higher than the national average of 59.5 % ; with 60 % of the males and 40 % of females literate . 17 % of the population is under 6 years of age .
References
Cities and towns in Raisen district
Raisen
Rudno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żmudź , within Chełm County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
References
Villages in Chełm County
Rod Roberts ( born October 22 , 1957 ) is the Iowa State Labor Commissioner . Roberts is also a former Republican gubernatorial candidate and five-term Iowa State Representative from the 51st and 80th Districts . He served in the Iowa House of Representatives from 2001 to 2011 and was an assistant minority leader . He received his BA from Iowa Christian College , as did his wife .
During his last term in the Iowa House , Roberts served on the Administration and Rules , Appropriations , Local Government , State Government , and Transportation committees . His political experience includes serving on the Carroll School Board from 1996 to 2000 . Other experience includes serving as past president of the Carroll Rotary Club and serving on the Board of Directors for New Hope Village ( a facility supporting disabled adults ) in Carroll .
Early and personal life
Rod Roberts was born in 1957 to parents , Jack Roberts , a history teacher and Darlene Roberts , a bank teller . He grew up in Zearing , and was highly influenced by Ronald Reagan . Roberts and his wife , Trish , moved to Carroll in 1985 .
Electoral history
Roberts ran for the Iowa House 's District 80 in 1998 , losing to incumbent Democrat James Drees . He ran again in 2000 and won the election , defeating Democratic opponent Thomas Halbur . After the districts were redrawn for the 2002 election , Roberts was elected to the new District 51 . He did not seek re-election to the House in 2010 , choosing to seek the Republican nomination for governor instead . He was defeated in the primary , coming in a distant third behind former governor Terry Branstad , who went on to win the general election , and Iowa businessman Bob Vander Plaats . At the Republican state convention , he declined when nominated for the Republican nomination for Lieutenant Governor , endorsing then-State Senator Kim Reynolds for the position .
Electoral history
* incumbent
References
External links
Representative Rod Roberts official Iowa General Assembly site
Profile at Iowa House Republicans
1957 births
Living people
People from Waverly , Iowa
Iowa Republicans
Members of the Iowa House of Representatives
School board members in Iowa
People from Carroll , Iowa
The Priory Grammar School for Boys was a maintained ( state-funded ) grammar school for boys located in Shrewsbury , the county town of Shropshire , England . It was established in 1910 and the last grammar school students left in 1983 .
History
The Priory Grammar School for Boys was established in 1910 in what are now buildings of Grade II-listed status , located on the site of a medieval Augustinian friary near the Welsh Bridge . A historical account by J. Everard records that the school was originally named The Priory County Grammar School and had separate sections for boys and girls . Many changes to the school 's subsequent organization were caused by wartime requirements .
A.R . Florian was the first headmaster of the school . A biographical article on John Lewis Paton ( Headmaster of Manchester Grammar School ) records Florian as having been a teacher at Manchester before moving to Shrewsbury .
The school played a part in the First World War with cadet training . An announcement in 1915 records `` The following have been appointed to Cadet Commissions in various companies of the 1st Cadet Battalion , 4th KSLI ; No 6 Co. : Priory School , Shrewsbury ; A R Florian , Captain ; R S H Richards , Lieutenant '' . Eleven old boys of the new school lost their lives serving in the war , commemorated by a war memorial plaque at the school .
A portrait of life at the school around 1950 was written by Graham Brown . Later , in the 1950s and 60s a strong interest in archaeology was fostered by Philip A. Barker when he was Art master at the school , and many boys took part in excavations at sites such as the local Roman city of Uriconium , Roushill in Shrewsbury and Hen Domen .
While the school taught all the usual academic subjects , the subject of Classics was given special emphasis during the headship of C.W.E . Peckett after the Second World War . Introductory Latin was introduced at second-year level and was taught by the direct method , using conversation in which little or no English was allowed . The method was demonstrated ( using junior pupils from the school ) at some of the annual meetings of The Association for the Reform of Latin Teaching . Together with A.R . Munday , Peckett published a number of books for learners of Latin , the best-known being Pseudolus Noster and Principia . Peckett and Munday also collaborated on an introductory course in Ancient Greek . The Latin motto of the school was Possunt quia posse videntur ( `` They can because they think they can '' ) .
In 1983 the Priory Grammar School for Boys ceased to exist , as grammar schools selecting pupils on the basis of the Eleven-plus examination in the Tripartite System of education in England , Wales and Northern Ireland were phased out in favour of non-selective schools . The buildings were already shared with Shrewsbury Sixth Form College , founded in 1981 , and the college now took over the entire premises .
The Priory Girls ' Grammar School had been opened on a separate site on the outskirts of the town in 1939 , and the buildings now contain a secondary school with academy status . It has retained the name of The Priory School , Shrewsbury and is part of the Priory School Trust .
Notable alumni
Derrick Capper , first Chief Constable of West Midlands Police
Ken Dodd , singer and comedian , attended the school during WWII while evacuated from Liverpool .
Mark Evans ( explorer )
Michael Fabian ( actor )
David Harley , IT researcher and musician
Ian Hunter , singer/songwriter
Geoffrey Othen , cricketer
Tim Preece , actor
Guy Jocelyn Reid , sculptor
Peter Reynolds , archaeologist
Peter Roach ( phonetician )
Trevor Rowley , archaeologist
Christopher Timothy , actor
See also
Listed buildings in Shrewsbury ( northwest central area )
Shrewsbury Sixth Form College
Priory School , Shrewsbury
References
External links
Shrewsbury Colleges Group website .
Educational institutions established in 1910
Schools in Shrewsbury
1910 establishments in England
People educated at The Priory Boys ' Grammar School , Shrewsbury
Second civil war , Second Civil War , or civil war II may refer to
Historical wars
Second English Civil War ( 1648–1649 )
Second Congo War ( 1998–2002 ) , also referred to as a civil war
Second Liberian Civil War ( 1999–2003 )
Second Sudanese Civil War ( 1983–2005 )
Fictional or hypothetical wars
Second American Civil War – hypothetical event predicted in various writings
The Second Civil War , 1997 made-for-television movie
Civil War II , a Marvel Comics comic book crossover storyline
See also
First Civil War ( disambiguation )
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Saint-Boniface ( ) is a Latin archdiocese in part of the civil Province of Manitoba in Canada . Despite having no suffragan dioceses , the archdiocese is nominally metropolitan and is an ecclesiastical province by itself . It is currently led by Archbishop Albert LeGatt .
The cathedral of the archdiocese is a minor basilica , Saint Boniface Cathedral , Winnipeg .
History
In 1817 , settlers at the Red River Colony petitioned Joseph-Octave Plessis , Bishop of Quebec , for a resident priest . In 1818 , Plessis sent Rev . Joseph-Norbert Provencher , Rev . Dumoulin and seminarian Guilaume Etienne Edge to open a mission on the Red River in present-day Manitoba , where the majority of settlers were Irish and Scottish Catholics . Provencher 's assignment was to convert the Indian nations and to `` morally improve '' the delinquent Christians who had `` adopted the ways of the Indians . ''
Arriving at Fort Douglas in mid-July , they were given land on the east bank of the Red River by Thomas Douglas , 5th Earl of Selkirk , of the Hudson 's Bay Company . They immediately set to work to build a house before winter . Part of the building served as a chapel , which Provencher dedicated to the missionary , Saint Boniface . The mission at Saint-Boniface was highly successful . In 1819 , Provencher was appointed Auxiliary Bishop of Quebec with the titular title of Bishop of Juliopolis , and vicar general for the northwest . A second parish , St. François Xavier , was established in 1828 for a Métis community established by Cuthbert Grant at White Horse Plains .
Construction of Saint-Boniface Cathedral commenced in 1832 and was completed in 1839 . In 1844 , Bishop Provencher persuaded four sisters of the Grey Nuns of Montreal to come to Saint-Boniface . In 1845 , the Vicariate Apostolic of the North West was formed with Provencher as ordinary . The area separated from Archdiocese of Québec comprised the entire territory west of the Great Lakes and as far north as the Pole . In 1847 , the North West Vicariate was raised to the status of diocese , suffragan to Québec . In June 1850 , Oblate missioner Alexandre-Antonin Taché was named coadjutor bishop to Provencher , whom he succeeded upon Provencher 's death in July 1853 . The following year , the name of the diocese was changed from that of the Diocese of the North West to the Diocese of Saint-Boniface .
On April 8 , 1862 the Apostolic Vicariate of Athabaska Mackenzie was erected from territory split off from the Diocese of Saint-Boniface . On September 22 , 1871 Saint-Boniface was raised to a
metropolitan archdiocese , while at the same time , it lost territory with the establishment of the Diocese of Saint Albert . Taché became the first archbishop . In 1874 , he brought the Sisters of the Holy Names of Jesus and Mary from Québec to teach at St. Mary 's Academy ( Winnipeg ) . The area of the Archdiocese was again reduced on July 11 , 1882 as part of its contribution to the Apostolic Vicariate of Pontiac , but was increased in 1889 with the reassignment of some land from the Diocese of Saint Albert .
Established On 4 June 1891 , the Apostolic Vicariate of Saskatchewan was established from territory drawn from the Metropolitan Archdiocese of Saint-Boniface . In 1900 , under Archbishop Adélard Langevin , Holy Ghost Parish was established in North Winnipeg to serve Polish Catholics . In 1904 , St. Joseph 's was founded for the German Catholics in the community . The French church of Sacré Coeur was dedicated in 1905 for former parishioners of St. Mary 's . In 1898 , Langevin asked the Soeurs de Misericorde from Montreal to assist unwed mothers . They opened , in 1900 , a maternity hospital which later developed into Misericordia Health Centre .
The Diocese of Regina was erected on March 4 , 1910 from Saint-Boniface , as was the
Archdiocese of Winnipeg on December 4 , 1915 and the Diocese of Fort William on April 29 , 1952 .
Cathédrale Saint-Boniface
The present cathedral stands on a site that has seen two churches and four cathedrals . The original log chapel was built by Provencher in 1818 and subsequently replaced by a larger structure . In 1832 , Provencher , now a bishop , built the first cathedral which was destroyed by fire on December 14 , 1860 . In 1862 , Bishop Alexandre Antonin Taché rebuilt the cathedral in stone . A larger building was completed in 1908 in French Romanesque style , and was designated a minor basilica in 1949 . This sustained significant damage in a 1968 fire . The present Saint-Boniface incorporates some features of its predecessor , notably the impressive façade .
Bishops
Diocesan Ordinaries
Apostolic Vicar of North-West
Joseph-Norbert Provencher ( 1844.04.16 – 1847.06.04 see below ) , Titular Bishop of Iuliopolis ( 1820.02.01 – 1847.06.04 ) , earlier than Auxiliary Bishop of Québec ( Canada ) ( 1820.02.01 – 1844.04.16 )
Suffragan Bishops of Saint-Boniface
Joseph-Norbert Provencher ( see above 1847.06.04 – death 1853.06.07 )
Alexandre-Antonin Taché Missionary Oblates of Mary Immaculate ( O.M.I . ) ( 1853.06.07 – 1871.09.22 see below ) , succeeding as former Coadjutor Bishop of Saint-Boniface ( 1850.06.12 – 1853.06.07 ) and Titular Bishop of Arathia ( 1850.06.12 – 1853.06.07 )
Archbishops of Saint-Boniface
Alexandre-Antonin Taché O.M.I . ( see above 1871.09.22 – death 1894.06.22 )
Louis Philip Adélard Langevin ( 1895.01.08 – death 1915.06.15 )
Arthur Béliveau ( 1915.11.09 – death 1955.09.14 ) , succeeding as former Auxiliary Bishop of Saint-Boniface ( 1913.05.24 – 1915.11.09 ) and Titular Bishop of Domitiopolis ( 1913.05.24 – 1915.11.09 )
Maurice Baudoux ( 1955.09.14 – retired 1974.09.07 ) , previously Bishop of Saint-Paul ( Alberta , Canada ) ( 1948.08.12 – 1952.03.04 ) , then Titular Archbishop of Preslavus ( 1952.03.04 – 1955.09.14 ) as Coadjutor Archbishop of Saint-Boniface ( 1952.03.04 – succession 1955.09.14 ) ; died 1988
Antoine Hacault ( 1974.09.07 – death 2000.04.13 ) , previously Titular Bishop of Media ( 1964.07.30 – 1972.10.28 ) as Auxiliary Bishop of Saint-Boniface ( 1964.07.30 – 1972.10.28 ) , then Titular Archbishop of the same Media ( 1972.10.28 – 1974.09.07 ) as Coadjutor Archbishop of Saint-Boniface ( 1972.10.28 – succession 1974.09.07 )
Émilius Goulet , Sulpicians ( P.S.S . ) ( 2001.06.23 – retired 3 July 2009 )
Albert LeGatt ( 3 July 2009 – ... ) , previously Bishop of Saskatoon ( Canada ) ( 2001.07.26 – 2009.07.03 ) .
Coadjutor bishops
Vital-Justin Grandin , O.M.I . ( 1857-1871 ) , became bishop of the Diocese of St Albert
Georges Cabana ( 1941-1952 ) , became archbishop of the Archdiocese of Sherbrooke
Other priests of this diocese who became bishops
Pierre-Emile-Jean-Baptiste-Marie Grouard , O.M.I . ( priest here , 1862-1863 ) , appointed Vicar Apostolic of Athabaska Mackenzie , Alberta in 1890
Léo Blais , appointed Bishop of Prince-Albert , Saskatchewan in 1952
Aimé Décosse , appointed Bishop of Gravelbourg , Saskatchewan in 1953
Remi Joseph De Roo , appointed Bishop of Victoria , British Columbia in 1962
Noël Delaquis , appointed Bishop of Gravelbourg , Saskatchewan in 1973 ( resigned that see in 1995 ; returned to this diocese in 2014 )
Raymond Roussin , Born In St Vital , Bishop of Gravelbourg 1995-1999 , Bishop of Victoria 1999-2004 , Archbishop of Vancouver 2004-2009
Marcel Damphousse , appointed Bishop of Alexandria-Cornwall , Ontario in 2012
Statistics and extent
The archdiocese covers much of the province south of Lake Winnipeg and east of the Red River . It is a bilingual French and English archdiocese . Saint Boniface is a city ward of Winnipeg that sits on the east side of the Red River , and the area is a traditional home of Franco-Manitobans .
As of 2021 , the archdiocese contains 87 parishes chaplaincies and missions , 59 diocesan priests , 23 religious priests , 5 seminarians and 135,309 Catholics . It also has 143 Women Religious , 8 Religious Brothers , and 19 permanent deacons . The archdiocese and the Ukrainian Catholic Archeparchy of Winnipeg jointly operate a number of parochial schools in Winnipeg .
See also
List of Catholic dioceses in Canada
References
Sources - Bibliography
Sources and external links
Archdiocese of St. Boniface site
Catholic Schools Commission
Archdiocese of Saint-Boniface page at catholichierarchy.org retrieved July 14 , 2006
`` And the Desert Shall Bloom '' -200th Anniversary of the Catholic Church in Western Canada
Catholic Church in Manitoba
Winnipeg dioceses
Roman Catholic Ecclesiastical Province of Saint Boniface
Porsche Engineering ( Porsche Engineering Group GmbH ) was established in 2001 as a wholly owned subsidiary of Porsche AG , with headquarters in Weissach , and traces its history back to 1931 when Porsche created its first engineering office subsidiary . Porsche Engineering Group has been re-organized into Porsche Consulting ( subsidiary of Porsche AG ) and Porsche Engineering ( subsidiary of Porsche SE ) .
Porsche Engineering has offered consultancy services to various other car manufacturers for many years including Audi , Mercedes-Benz , Opel , Studebaker , SEAT , and Zastava Automobiles . Since 2012 the company has managed the former FIAT owned Nardò Ring in Italy .
Notable non-Porsche products
Torsion bar suspension developed by Porsche , was patented in 1931
Lada Samara was partly developed by Porsche in 1984
SEAT Ibiza engine in 1984
Harley-Davidson Revolution 60-degree v-twin water-cooled engine and gearbox that is used in their V-Rod motorcycle
Audi RS2 1993
C88 a prototype family car designed in 1994 by Porsche for the Chinese government
Opel Zafira complete vehicle development resulting in the Zafira A launched in 1998
Second-gen Scania PRT - PE designed for Scania a completely new cab for its PRT , along with other parts .
Kortezh engine
Note : Mercedes-Benz OM602 engine was designed by Ferdinand Piëch after he left Porsche .
References
External links
Porsche
Fernando Navarro ( born 1980 ) is a Spanish screenwriter . He is also a music critic .
Biography
Fernando Navarro was born in Granada in 1980 . After considering trying to become a drummer for a music band , he started writing film screenplays . He has since penned or co-penned the screenplays of Toro , Spy Time , Veronica , Muse , Taxi to Gibraltar , Unknown Origins , Below Zero , , and Venus . He has also formed part of the writing team of television series Matadero and .
He has been nominated twice to the Goya Awards ; for Veronica ( Best Original Screenplay ) and for Unknown Origins ( Best Adapted Screenplay ) .
In 2022 , Navarro released his first book , Malaventura , published by Impedimenta .
References
1980 births
Living people
21st-century Spanish screenwriters
Spanish music critics
Bruce Valentine Hain ( September 3 , 1915 – August 11 , 1995 ) was American politician who served as a member of the Alabama House of Representatives from 1954 to 1970 , representing Dallas County , Alabama . He lived in Selma , Alabama and was an attorney .
References
1915 births
1995 deaths
This is a list of candidates for the 1920 New South Wales state election . The election was held on 20 March 1920 . The election was the first of three conducted under the system of proportional representation ; as a result , it is not possible to estimate the notional pre-election numbers .
Retiring Members
Labor
Claude Bushell MLA ( Lyndhurst )
John Cochran MLA ( Darling Harbour )
Nationalist
Alfred Edden MLA ( Kahibah )
James Fallick MLA ( Singleton )
David Hall MLA ( Enmore ) — appointed to the Legislative Council
John Hunt MLA ( Camden )
William Latimer MLA ( Woollahra ) — appointed to the Legislative Council
Charles Lee MLA ( Tenterfield )
George McDonald MLA ( Bingara ) — appointed to the Legislative Council
John Perry MLA ( Byron )
William Robson MLA ( Ashfield ) — appointed to the Legislative Council
David Storey MLA ( Randwick ) — appointed to the Legislative Council
William Thompson MLA ( Ryde )
Independent
Alexander Graff MLA ( Drummoyne ) — elected as a Nationalist but became an Independent in 1920
Legislative Assembly
Sitting members are shown in bold text . Successful parties are highlighted in the relevant colour . Successful candidates are indicated by an asterisk ( * ) .
See also
Members of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly , 1920–1922
Results of the 1920 New South Wales state election
Notes
References
1920
Edmund Sawyer may refer to :
Edmund Sawyer ( historian )
Edmund Sawyer ( MP )
Tavankut may refer to :
Donji Tavankut , a village near Subotica , Serbia
Gornji Tavankut , a village near Subotica , Serbia
Selander is a surname of Scandinavian origin . Notable people with the surname include :
Bjørn Selander ( born 1988 ) , American racing cyclist
Concordia Selander ( 1861-1935 ) , Swedish stage and film actress and theatre manager
Hans `` Hasse '' Selander ( born 1945 ) , Swedish former footballer
Hjalmar Selander ( 1859 -1928 ) , Swedish actor , stage director and theatre manager
Lesley Selander ( 1900-1979 ) , American film director
Robert Selander ( born 1951 ) , American businessman , former president and chief executive officer of MasterCard
Robert K. Selander , ( 1927–2015 ) , American evolutionary biologist
See also
Selander Company , theatre company in Sweden from 1889 to 1928
Swedish-language surnames
Anne Quast ( born August 31 , 1937 ) is an American amateur golfer . She won the U.S. Women 's Amateur three times ( 1958 , 1961 , 1963 ) and was runner-up three times ( 1965 , 1968 , 1973 ) . She was married several times and played as Anne Decker , Anne Welts , and Anne Sander .
Career
Quast was born in Everett , Washington . Her parents owned the Cedarcrest Golf Course in Marysville , Washington , and by age 12 she had played in her first tournament . She won the Washington State Junior Girls Championship in 1952 and 1954 then again in 1955 , when she also won her state 's Women 's championship . She repeated as the Washington State Women 's champion in 1956 . At the 1957 Titleholders Championship for amateurs and professionals , playing as an amateur in this LPGA Tour event , she was runner-up to LPGA Tour star Patty Berg .
Always composed under pressure , Quast 's strong short game got her to the U.S. Women 's Amateur quarter-finals in 1955 , and to the semi-finals in 1956 . While a student at Stanford University in 1958 , she won the first of her three U.S. Women 's Amateur . In 1961 she was living in Seattle where she taught school . Married to Dr. Jay D. Decker , Anne Quast-Decker won the U.S. Women 's Amateur again , setting a tournament record for her margin of victory , by 14 and 13 ; this record still stands . Her marriage did not last , and in 1963 , after marrying for the second time , Anne Quast-Welts defeated Peggy Conley to win her third U.S. championship . She also made it to the finals in 1965 , 1968 , and 1973 .
Quast was a member of the U.S. Curtis Cup team in 1958 , 1960 , 1962 , 1966 , 1968 , 1974 , 1984 , and 1990 ; across five decades . Her eight appearances ranks her second all-time to Carol Semple . She was also a member of the Espirito Santo Trophy team in 1966 , 1968 and 1988 ; the U.S. team captured the trophy on all three occasions .
Divorced again , Anne Quast married Steve Sander , and the couple lived in the United Kingdom from 1974 to 1979 . In 1980 she was back home in the U.S. , but returned to England to compete again in the British Ladies Amateur , which she won . At Pinehurst in North Carolina she won the 1982 and 1983 North and South Women 's Amateur . In her first year of eligibility at age fifty , Quast won the 1987 U.S. Senior Women 's Amateur then again in 1989 , 1990 and 1993 .
Awards
A member of the Stanford University Athletic Hall of Fame , in 1997 Anne Quast was inducted into the State of Washington Sports Hall of Fame and in 1999 into the Pacific Northwest Golf Association Hall of Fame .
In his 2001 book , The Golf 100 : Ranking the Greatest Golfers of All Time , Robert McCord ranked Quast 37th .
Tournament wins
this list is probably incomplete
1952 Washington State Junior Girls '
1954 Washington State Junior Girls ' , Women 's Western Junior Girls '
1955 Washington State Junior Girls ' , Washington State Women 's Amateur
1956 Washington State Women 's Amateur , Hollywood Women 's Invitational Four-Ball Champion ( with Ruth Jessen ) , Women 's South Atlantic Amateur , Women 's Western Amateur
1957 Helen Lee Doherty Invitational
1958 U.S. Women 's Amateur
1961 U.S. Women 's Amateur , Women 's Western Amateur
1963 U.S. Women 's Amateur
1980 British Ladies Amateur
1982 North and South Women 's Amateur
1983 North and South Women 's Amateur
1985 California Women 's Amateur
1987 U.S. Senior Women 's Amateur
1988 Women 's Western Amateur
1989 U.S. Senior Women 's Amateur
1990 U.S. Senior Women 's Amateur
1993 U.S. Senior Women 's Amateur
U.S. national team appearances
Amateur
Curtis Cup : 1958 ( tie ) , 1960 ( winners ) , 1962 ( winners ) , 1966 ( winners ) , 1968 ( winners ) , 1974 ( winners ) , 1984 ( winners ) , 1990 ( winners )
Espirito Santo Trophy : 1966 ( winners ) , 1968 ( winners ) , 1988 ( winners )
References
American female golfers
Amateur golfers
Stanford Cardinal women 's golfers
Winners of ladies ' major amateur golf championships
Golfers from Washington ( state )
Sportspeople from Everett , Washington
1937 births
Living people
KDBI ( 730 AM ) is a radio station in Boise , Idaho . The station is currently owned by Kevin Terry , through licensee Radio Rancho , LLC .
History
The station signed on the air in 1955 as KYME at 740 kHz . In 1984 it became KTOX and moved to the current 730 kHz frequency . It became KBSU with a jazz format in 1992 . However , in 2011 , it was sold to Impact Radio Group for $ 165,000 . The station was previously operated by Boise State University . On July 21 , 2011 , Impact changed the calls to KINF and adopted a conservative-leaning news-talk format . It simulcast the first two hours of America 's Morning News with KINF-FM , as well as KINF-FM 's entire weekend schedule .
On January 1 , 2013 , after a few days of stunting with a loop of `` Thriller '' by Michael Jackson , KINF split from the simulcast with KINF-FM and flipped to sports , with programming from ESPN Radio .
On April 30 , 2013 , KINF began simulcasting on translator K243BM ( 96.5 FM ) .
On October 1 , 2013 , KINF changed their call letters to KNFL .
On February 24 , 2017 , KNFL began stunting once again with a loop directing listeners to KQBL-HD2 and translator K256CZ ( 99.1 FM ) , as the `` ESPN Boise '' sports format moved to those frequencies . The station changed its call sign to KDBI on March 10 , 2017 .
Effective May 31 , 2017 , Kevin Terry 's Radio Rancho , LLC purchased KDBI and translators K224EP and K294DC from Impact Radio Group in exchange for the license to translator K256CZ and $ 35,000 . On June 5 , 2017 , KDBI ended stunting and began simulcasting Regional Mexican-formatted KDBI-FM 106.3 .
Previous logo
References
External links
FCC History Cards for KDBI
La Gran D Boise Facebook
DBI ( AM )
Radio stations established in 1955
1955 establishments in Idaho
Oltion Luli ( 18 August 1969 ) born in Shkodër he is a former Albanian athlete , who competed at the 2000 Summer Olympic Games in the Men 's 100m he finished 8th in his heat and failed to advance .
He was the Prefect of Shkodra region in 2005 .
He is member of Shkodra Municipality Council .
References
Living people
1969 births
Sportspeople from Shkodër
Albanian male sprinters
Olympic athletes of Albania
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Streets of Laredo is a folk-pop band originally from Auckland , New Zealand but now based in Brooklyn , New York . The band is composed of Dave Gibson ( vocals , drums ) , Daniel Gibson ( lead vocals , acoustic guitar ) Sarahjane Gibson ( vocals , melodica , percussion ) , Sean McMahon ( bass and backing vocals ) , Cameron Deyell ( electric guitar and backing vocals ) and Andrew McGovern ( trumpet , percussion , and synth ) . The band has released two albums : Volume I & II ( 2014 ) and Wild ( 2016 ) .
Founding and early career
Dave Gibson and his younger brother Daniel already had experience as musicians . Dave used to be the vocalist in the New Zealand band Elemeno P while Daniel was the vocalist of a pop-punk band called Kingston . Dave ran a T-shirt business and hired Daniel soon after he left the music scene to work in his company . However , both brothers routinely began to write and work on demo songs frequently . Dave , his spouse Sarahjane , and his brother Daniel , formed the band around the time they moved to New York in 2012 . However , before the trio relocated to New York they played one show in their hometown . The group named their band based on the classic ballad Streets of Laredo . The band soon after also consisted of Si Moore , Cameron Deyell , and Thom Darlow . Their first single `` Girlfriend '' was first imagined by Daniel between the time they left New Zealand and relocated to New York . He continued working on the song once he moved to New York . The single was self-released on December 10 , 2012 to positive acclaim . A music video for the track was released soon after .
Vol . I & II : from EP to debut album
In early 2013 , the band traveled back to New Zealand to work and record nine new tracks which would be split into two EPs . In August 2013 , the band won first prize in the adult album alternative category of Nashville 's Unsigned Only Awards . In October 2013 , the band won the AAA category for unsigned artists at the CMJ Music Marathon . In late 2013 , they released the two EPs Volume I and Volume II which received positive reviews . Many changes occurred during this period like the addition of other members like Sean McMahon and Andrew McGovern . After the self-release of the two EPs , Streets of Laredo signed on to Dine Alone Records . The band released their first EP Lonsdale Line for the label on June 10 , 2014 . A single track `` Slow Train '' released in August 2014 . A single from their forthcoming debut album titled `` Laredo '' dropped in September 2014 . The band released their first official album Volume I & II ( by putting together the two EPs ) on October 7 , 2014 , via Dine Alone Records . The reviews for the album were generally favorable .
Wild and onwards
From early to mid-2015 , the band toured in America and Europe for their debut album . During these tours and concerts , Streets or Laredo began to work on new tracks for their future album Wild . They began recording demos in early 2015 . A single called `` Diamonds '' was released on 2 June 2015 . A single from the forthcoming LP titled `` 99.9 % '' was released on 24 June 2016 . A unrelated single titled `` Devil and the Sea '' dropped on 9 July 2016 . Wild was released on October 21 , 2016 , and was notably produced by John Agnello . The album had political , experimental , and cultural undertones which were topics that influenced the band . Wild received some positive reviews . After finishing playing and touring for Wild by early 2017 , it was reported that the band would begin working on new material for a third LP .
Discography
Albums
Volume I & II ( 2014 )
Wild ( 2016 )
EPs
Volume I ( 2013 )
Volume II ( 2013 )
Lonsdale Line ( 2014 )
Singles
`` Diamonds '' ( 2015 )
`` Devil and the Sea '' ( 2016 )
References
New Zealand indie rock groups
New Zealand alternative rock groups
Folk rock groups
Indie folk groups
Musical groups from Auckland
Dine Alone Records artists
A Kiss in Time is a 1921 American silent comedy film directed by Thomas N. Heffron and written by Douglas Z. Doty . The film stars Wanda Hawley , T. Roy Barnes , Bertram Johns , Walter Hiers , and Margaret Loomis . The film was released in July 1921 , by Realart Pictures Corporation .
Cast
Wanda Hawley as Sheila Ashlone
T. Roy Barnes as Brian Moore
Bertram Johns as Robert Codman Ames
Walter Hiers as Bertie Ballast
Margaret Loomis as Nymph
References
External links
1921 films
1920s English-language films
Silent American comedy films
1921 comedy films
Films directed by Thomas N. Heffron
American silent feature films
American black-and-white films
1920s American films
The Geographer ( Dutch : ) is a painting created by Dutch artist Johannes Vermeer in 1668–1669 , and is now in the collection of the Städel museum in Frankfurt , Germany . It is closely related to Vermeer 's The Astronomer , for instance using the same model in the same dress , and has sometimes been considered a pendant painting to it . A 2017 study indicated that the canvas for the two works came from the same bolt of material .
Description
This is one of only three paintings Vermeer signed and dated ( the other two are The Astronomer and The Procuress ) .
The geographer , dressed in a Japanese-style robe then popular among scholars , is shown to be `` someone excited by intellectual inquiry '' , with his active stance , the presence of maps , charts , a globe and books , as well as the dividers he holds in his right hand , according to Arthur K. Wheelock Jr. `` The energy in this painting [ ... ] is conveyed most notably through the figure 's pose , the massing of objects on the left side of the composition , and the sequence of diagonal shadows on the wall to the right . ''
Vermeer made several changes in the painting that enhance the feeling of energy in the picture : the man 's head was originally in a different position to the left of where the viewer now sees it , indicating the man perhaps was looking down , rather than peering out the window ; the dividers he holds in his hand were originally vertical , not horizontal ; a sheet of paper was originally on the small stool at the lower right , and removing it probably made that area darker .
Details of the man 's face are slightly blurred , suggesting movement ( also a feature of Vermeer 's Mistress and Maid ) , according to Serena Carr . His eyes are narrowed , perhaps squinting in the sunlight or an indication of intense thinking . Carr asserts that the painting depicts a `` flash of inspiration '' or even `` revelation '' . The drawn curtain on the left and the position of the oriental carpet on the table—pushed back—are both symbols of revelation . `` He grips a book as if he 's about to snatch it up to corroborate his ideas . ''
The globe was published in Amsterdam in 1618 by Jodocus Hondius . Terrestrial and celestial globes were commonly sold together , and the celestial globe in The Astronomer `` was also a Hondius ( Hendrick rather than Judocus ) '' , another indication that the two paintings were created as pendant pieces , according to Cant . The globe is turned toward the Indian Ocean , where the Dutch East India Company was then active . Vermeer used an impasto technique to apply pointillé dots , not to indicate light reflected more strongly on certain points but to emphasize the dull ochre cartouche `` frame '' printed on the globe . Since the globe can be identified , we know the decorative cartouche includes a plea for information for future editions—reflecting the theme of revelation in the painting .
The cartographic objects surrounding the man are some of the actual items a geographer would have : the globe , the dividers the man holds , a cross-staff ( hung on the center post of the window ) , used to measure the angle of celestial objects like the Sun or stars , and the chart the man is using , which , according to one scholar , James A. Welu , appears to be a nautical chart on vellum . The sea chart on the wall of `` all the Sea coasts of Europe '' has been identified as one published by Willem Jansz . Blaeu . This accuracy indicates Vermeer had a source familiar with the profession . The Astronomer , which seems to form a pendant with this painting , shows a similar , sophisticated knowledge of cartographic instruments and books , and the same young man modeled for both . That man himself may have been the source of Vermeer 's correct display of surveying and geographical instruments , and possibly of his knowledge of perspective .
Wheelock and others assert the model/source was probably Antonie van Leeuwenhoek ( 1632-1723 ) , a contemporary of Vermeer who was also born in Delft . The families of both men were in the textile business , and both families had a strong interest in science and optics . A `` microscopist '' , van Leeuwenhoek was described after his death as being so skilled in `` navigation , astronomy , mathematics , philosophy , and natural science ... that one can certainly place him with the most distinguished masteres of the art . '' Another image of van Leeuwenhoek ( by the Delft artist Jan Verkolje ) about 20 years later shows a broad face and straight nose , similar to Vermeer 's model . At the time Vermeer painted the two works , the scientist would have been about 36 years old . He would have been actively studying for his examination for surveyor , which he passed on February 4 , 1669 . There is no documentary evidence for any kind of relationship between the two men during Vermeer 's lifetime , although in 1676 , van Leeuwenhoek was appointed a trustee for Vermeer 's estate .
The pose of the figure in Vermeer 's painting `` takes up precisely the position of Faust in Rembrandt 's famous etching '' ( although facing the opposite direction ) , according to Lawrence Gowing . Similar arrangements can be found in drawings by Nicolaes Maes .
Provenance and exhibitions
For much of the painting 's early history ( until 1797 ) , it was owned together with The Astronomer , which it strongly resembles , and the two have long been considered pendants , although their measurements are not identical . The paintings were not among the works in the Dissius sale of 1696 , a collection apparently originally owned by the artist 's supposed patron , Pieter van Ruijven , and the earliest record of the painting is from 1713 . Up until the late 18th century , they were referred to as `` Astrologers '' . The pair were sold by an anonymous owner together in Rotterdam on April 27 , 1713 ( No . 10 or 11 ) , for 300 florins ( a `` considerable sum '' , according to Wheelock ) . Hendrik Sorgh , an art broker , may have bought the paintings at that point . They were among his effects when he died in 1720 , and both were sold on March 28 of that year in Amsterdam ( No . 3 or 4 in the sale ; for 160 florins ; described as `` An Astrologer '' and `` a repeat '' ) . Govert Looten , a neighbor of Sorgh at the Keizersgracht in Amsterdam bought the paintings , which were sold from his estate on March 31 , 1729 ( this painting was No . 6 and went for 104 florins , both were described in the catalog as `` sublimely and artfully painted '' ) . Jacob Crammer Simmonsz of Amsterdam ( 1725-1778 ) owned the pair before 1778 , hanging them in his home on the Prinsengracht ( Simonsz also owned The Lacemaker and another Vermeer , now unknown , depicting a lady pouring wine ) . He sold The Astronomer and The Geographer together on November 25 of that year to a Huguenot banker , Jean Etiènne Fizeaux of Amsterdam , who owned The Geographer until his death in 1780 . His widow owned the work until perhaps 1785 . As of 1794 it was owned by Jan Danser Nijman of Amsterdam , who sold it on August 16 , 1797 , to Christiaan Josi , a publisher of prints , for 133 guilders . It later was bought by Arnoud de Lange of Amsterdam . This transaction separated the two paintings . De Lange sold it on December 12 , 1803 , for 360 florins .
Sometime before 1821 , the painting was owned by Johann Goll van Franckenstein Jr. of Velzen and Amsterdam . Pieter Hendrick Goll van Franckenstein of Amsterdam owned it before 1832 , and he sold it on July 1 , 1833 , for 195 florins to a Nieuwenhuys . It was owned by Alexandre Dumont of Cambrai before 1860 , who sold it through Thoré-Bũrger to Isaac Pereire of Paris , who owned it by 1866 . It was sold on March 6 , 1872 . Max Kann of Paris owned the painting , perhaps that year , and it passed into the hands of Prince Demidoff of San Donato , near Florence , sometime before 1877 , and stayed in his hands until he sold it on March 15 , 1880 . A.J . Bosch sold the painting in Vienna on April 28 , 1885 ( for Õs 8,000 ) to a Kohlbacher , who sold it to the Städel in Frankfurt .
The work was exhibited in the Exposition rétrospective , Tableaux anciens empruntés aux galeries particulières held at the Palais des Champs-Elysées , Paris , 1866 ; at the exhibition of Ouvrages de peinture exposés au profit de la colonisation de l'Algérie par les Alsaciens-Lorrains , Palais de la Présidence du Corps législatif , Paris , 1874 ; and in the Vermeer , oorsprong en involved . Fabritius , de Hooch , de Witte exhibition at the Museum Boijmans Van Beuningen in Rotterdam , 1935 .
See also
Dutch Golden Age painting
List of paintings by Johannes Vermeer
References
Sources
Further reading
External links
Der Geograph Web page at the Stadel Museum 's website ( in German )
The Geographer Web page at `` The Essential Vermeer '' website
Genre paintings by Johannes Vermeer
Paintings in the collection of the Städel
1660 paintings
Books in art
Maps in art
Cartography in the Dutch Republic
Early modern Netherlandish cartography
Science and technology in the Dutch Republic
Ham 's tissue culture medium is a growth medium for mammalian cells .
Contents
It contains in amounts dissolved in 1 liter of triple distilled water :
L-Arginine 211 mg
Biotin 0.024 mg
L-Histidine 21 mg
Calcium pantothenate 0.7 mg
L-Lysine 29.3 mg
Choline chloride 0.69 mg
L-Methionine 4.48 mg
i-inositol 0.54 mg
L-Phenylalanine 4.96 mg
Niacinamide 0.6 mg
L-Tryptophan 0.6 mg
Pyridoxine hydrochloride 0.2 mg
L-Tyrosine 1.81 mg
Riboflavin 0.37 mg
L-Alanine 8.91 mg
Thymidine 0.7 mg
Glycine 7.51 mg
Cyanocobalamin 1.3 mg
L-Serine 10.5 mg
Sodium pyruvate 110 mg
L-Threonine 3.57 mg
Lipoic acid 0.2 mg
L-Aspartic acid 13.3 mg
CaCl2 44 mg
L-Glutamic acid 14.7 mg
MgSO4·7H2O 153 mg
L-Asparagine 15 mg
Glucose 1.1 g
L-Glutamine 146.2 mg
NaCl 7.4 g
L-Isoleucine 2.6 mg
KCl 285 mg
L-Leucine 13.1 mg
Na2HPO4 290 mg
L-Proline 11.5 mg
KH2PO4 83 mg
L-Valine 3.5 mg
Phenol red 1.2 mg
L-Cysteine 31.5 mg
FeSO4 0.83 mg
Thiamine hydrochloride 1 mg
CuSO4·5H2O 0.0025 mg
Hypoxanthine 4 mg
ZnSO4·7H2O 0.028 mg
Folic acid 1.3 mg
NaHCO3 1.2 g
See also
Biotechnology
Brewing
Cell biology
DMEM Dulbecco 's Modified Eagle 's Medium
Eagle 's minimal essential medium ( a minimum ingredient cell culture medium )
Fermentation ( food )
GMEM ( Glasgow 's Minimal Essential Medium )
Murashige and Skoog medium ( Plant cell culture medium )
RPMI ( Roswell Park Memorial Institute medium ) , for lymph cells
Sources
The Nutrient Requirements of Cells
Cell biology
The 1962 All-Ireland Minor Football Championship was the 31st staging of the All-Ireland Minor Football Championship , the Gaelic Athletic Association 's premier inter-county Gaelic football tournament for boys under the age of 18 .
Cork entered the championship as defending champions , however , they were defeated by Kerry in the Munster final .
On 23 September 1962 , Kerry won the championship following a 6-5 to 0-7 defeat of Mayo in the All-Ireland final . This was their sixth All-Ireland title overall and their first in 12 championship seasons .
Results
Connacht Minor Football Championship
Munster Minor Football Championship
Leinster Minor Football Championship
Ulster Minor Football Championship
All-Ireland Minor Football Championship
Semi-Finals
Final
References
1962
All-Ireland Minor Football Championship
The Engineering and Technology History Wiki ( ETHW ) is a MediaWiki-based website dedicated to the history of technology . It started operating in 2015 . It consists of articles , first-hand accounts , oral histories , landmarks and milestones .
A partnership between the United Engineering Foundation ( UEF ) and its member engineering organizations ASCE , AIME , AIChE , ASME , IEEE as well as the Society of Woman Engineers is developing the ETHW as a central repository for the documentation , analysis and explanation of the history of technology .
Origins
In September 2008 , the IEEE History Committee founded the IEEE Global History Network , which operated from 2008 to 2014 . The ETHW became successor to the former IEEE Global History Network ( IEEE GHN ) .
Originally , the United Engineering Foundation had made a grant to develop an engineering intersociety web platform as a central historical repository . Initially , the work was mainly done at the IEEE History Center . annexed to the Stevens Institute of Technology in Hoboken , NJ .
At the beginning , most content was related to electrical , electronics and computer engineering . As the fields of civil engineering , mining , metallurgical and petroleum engineering , chemical engineering and mechanical engineering are covered by members of the respective organizations now , ETHW is becoming a global record for preserving knowledge of the history of technological innovation in a broad sense . It differs from other online sources , as personal accounts of technical innovators as primary sources are made available to the public . After its start as a common platform for several engineering societies , the Society of Woman Engineers and the Society of Petroleum Engineers have contributed new content as well .
As of 2018 , ETHW included thousands of wiki entries , and recorded over 800 oral histories .
Sources
External links
Engineering and Technology History Wiki
United Engineering Foundation
Engineering societies
Engineering organizations
American engineering organizations
Organizations established in 2015
Wikis
Hot Wheels is a racing video game developed by A. Eddy Goldfarb & Associates , and published by Epyx for the Commodore 64 . The game was unveiled in June 1984 , at Chicago 's Summer Consumer Electronics Show , and was released later that year . Hot Wheels is the first video game to be based on the Hot Wheels toyline , and was marketed by Epyx as part of their Computer Activity Toys series , consisting of video games based on popular toylines .
Gameplay
Hot Wheels begins with the player choosing a vehicle . The player can choose from one of several Hot Wheels vehicles , or can choose to create a custom vehicle instead . Custom vehicles are created by the player in a factory , where the player chooses the design of the vehicle 's front , middle , and rear sections .
Once a vehicle has been selected , the player can drive around a side-scrolling city filled with various minigames and activities , including a demolition derby , where the player goes up against three computer-controlled opponents ; an expressway , where the player can watch the chosen vehicle drive itself ; Bob 's Gas , where the player controls a mechanic and must refuel the vehicle and check its tires ; a car wash , where the vehicle can be cleaned after becoming dirty from driving ; a parking lot , where the player can park the vehicle ; and Super Tuner , where the player can have the vehicle 's engine checked . Another minigame allows the player to take control of a firetruck , with the objective being to extinguish a fire .
Reception
Robert J. Sodaro of The Guide to Computer Living praised the game for its diversity and its `` fun '' feature of painting vehicles , and wrote : `` The detail accomplished in the graphics of this game are some of the best I 've ever seen '' . Roy Wagner of Computer Gaming World wrote that Hot Wheels `` is n't so hot '' , writing that it was `` geared for the younger crowd of about seven '' . AllGame gave Hot Wheels three stars out of five .
Computer Gamer wrote : `` On the whole this is a great game for younger kids , anybody over about 11 would find it very tiring and repetitive after only a few plays . And as there is no score as such to compare against every time you play , there is no on-going challenge . The game is obviously designed for younger players and as such is excellent at what it does . [ ... ] Good presentation , good sound and graphics , good for kids but nobody else '' .
Zzap ! 64 gave the game a 40 percent overall rating and called it `` a game for the very young or those wishing to reminisce about the 'good old days ' '' . Zzap ! 64 called the graphics `` bright and jovial but not very well drawn '' , and praised the `` Reasonable tunes '' , but criticized the game for a lack of interesting and long-lasting gameplay : `` Quite jolly for an hour or so . But after that there 's little to do '' .
Ken McMahon of Commodore User gave the game a rating of 5 out of 10 and praised the ability to build a custom vehicle , calling it `` quite good fun '' . However , McMahon wrote : `` Getting the car on the road was the only part I really enjoyed . After that things got a bit mundane . Basically it 's just a case of driving round town playing at being grown-ups '' . McMahon called the game `` a good buy if you 're looking for something for children who want to drive around town just like mum and dad '' .
References
External links
Hot Wheels at Gamebase 64
1984 video games
Commodore 64 games
Commodore 64-only games
Epyx games
Hot Wheels video games
Racing video games
Video games developed in the United States
Elections to Ards Borough Council were held on 7 June 2001 on the same day as the other Northern Irish local government elections . The election used four district electoral areas to elect a total of 23 councillors .
Election results
Note : `` Votes '' are the first preference votes .
Districts summary
|- class= '' unsortable '' align= '' centre ''
! rowspan=2 align= '' left '' |Ward
! %
! Cllrs
! %
! Cllrs
! %
! Cllrs
! %
! Cllrs
! %
! Cllrs
! rowspan=2|TotalCllrs
|- class= '' unsortable '' align= '' center ''
! colspan=2 bgcolor= '' '' | DUP
! colspan=2 bgcolor= '' '' | UUP
! colspan=2 bgcolor= '' '' | Alliance
! colspan=2 bgcolor= '' '' | SDLP
! colspan=2 bgcolor= '' white '' | Others
|-
|align= '' left '' |Ards East
|N/A
|2
|N/A
|3
|N/A
|1
|N/A
|0
|N/A
|0
|6
|-
|align= '' left '' |Ards West
|36.9
|3
|bgcolor= '' 40BFF5 '' |42.2
|bgcolor= '' 40BFF5 '' |2
|18.5
|1
|0.0
|0
|2.4
|0
|6
|-
|align= '' left '' |Newtownards
|bgcolor= '' # D46A4C '' |37.5
|bgcolor= '' # D46A4C '' |2
|33.3
|2
|12.2
|1
|0.0
|0
|17.0
|0
|6
|-
|align= '' left '' |Peninsula
|bgcolor= '' # D46A4C '' |36.8
|bgcolor= '' # D46A4C '' |2
|17.9
|1
|19.2
|1
|12.5
|1
|13.6
|0
|5
|- class= '' unsortable '' class= '' sortbottom '' style= '' background : # C9C9C9 ''
|align= '' left '' | Total
|37.0
|9
|31.7
|8
|16.7
|4
|3.9
|1
|10.7
|0
|23
|-
| }
District results
Ards East
1997 : 4 x UUP , 1 x UUP , 1 x Alliance
2001 : 3 x DUP , 2 x DUP , 1 x Alliance
1997-2001 Change : DUP gain from UUP
As only six candidates had been nominated for six seats , there was no vote in Ards East and all six candidates were deemed elected .
Ards West
1997 : 3 x UUP , 2 x Alliance , 1 x DUP
2001 : 3 x DUP , 2 x UUP , 1 x Alliance
1997-2001 Change : DUP ( two seats ) gain from UUP and Alliance
Newtownards
1997 : 2 x UUP , 2 x Independent Unionist , 1 x DUP , 1 x Alliance
2001 : 2 x DUP , 2 x UUP , 1 x Alliance , 1 x Independent Unionist
1997-2001 Change : DUP gain from Independent Unionist , Independent Unionist becomes Independent
Peninsula
1997 : 2 x DUP , 1 x UUP , 1 x Alliance , 1 x SDLP
2001 : 2 x DUP , 1 x UUP , 1 x Alliance , 1 x SDLP
1997-2001 Change : No change
References
Ards Borough Council elections
Ards
Robert Washington Shirley , 13th Earl Ferrers , ( 8 June 1929 – 13 November 2012 ) , styled Viscount Tamworth between 1937 and 1954 , was a British Conservative politician and member of the House of Lords as one of the remaining hereditary peers . He was one of the few people to serve in the governments of five prime ministers .
Background and education
Lord Ferrers was the eldest child and only son of Robert Shirley , 12th Earl Ferrers . Educated at the West Downs School , Winchester College and Magdalene College , Cambridge , he succeeded to become 13th Earl Ferrers in 1954 on the death of his father . He took his seat in the House of Lords on 2 February 1955 .
He received an emergency commission as a second lieutenant in the Coldstream Guards on 27 November 1948 , serving in Malaya . His commission was regularized on 4 March 1950 , with seniority from 1 January 1949 . Tamworth was promoted to lieutenant on 3 August 1950 .
Political career
An early contribution in parliament in 1957 was against the admission of women :
In the event , a small number of women came into the Lords as a result of the Life Peerages Act 1958 . Women who held hereditary peerages in their own right were admitted by the Peerage Act 1963 .
Ferrers served as a Lord-in-waiting ( government whip ) from 1962 until 1964 under both Harold Macmillan and Sir Alec Douglas-Home . When the Conservatives were returned to power under Edward Heath , he once again served as a Lord-in-Waiting from 1971 to 1974 , then serving as a Parliamentary Secretary at the Ministry of Agriculture , Fisheries and Food ( MAFF ) at the beginning of 1974 .
When the Conservatives were returned to power under Margaret Thatcher in 1979 , Lord Ferrers returned to MAFF , this time as a Minister of State . He left office in 1983 , and returned to the backbenches in the Lords . In 1988 he returned to government service as a Minister of State at the Home Office , and in 1994 moved to the Department of Trade and Industry , where he remained until 1995 , when he became Minister for the Environment at the Department of the Environment . Between 1979 and 1983 , and again between 1988 and 1997 , he served as Deputy Leader of the House of Lords .
With the passage of the House of Lords Act 1999 , Ferrers along with almost all other hereditary peers lost his automatic right to sit in the House of Lords . He was , however , elected as one of the 92 elected hereditary peers to remain in the House of Lords pending completion of House of Lords reform , coming first in the ballot .
He was made a Privy Counsellor in 1982 . Earl Ferrers was a Vice-President of the Royal Stuart Society and Grand Prior of the Grand Bailiwick & Priory of England and Wales of the Military and Hospitaller Order of Saint Lazarus of Jerusalem . He was also High Steward of Norwich Cathedral and a Deputy Lieutenant of Norfolk .
Earl Ferrers was Deputy Leader of the House of Lords from 1979 to 1983 and from 1988 to 1997 , and Minister of State in four different departments : at Agriculture , Food and Fisheries from 1979 to 1983 ; at the Home Office from 1988 to 1994 ; at the Department of Trade and Industry ( in charge of small firms and consumer affairs ) from 1994 to 1995 ; and at the Department of the Environment ( responsible for environment and the countryside ) from 1995 to 1997
Family
The Earl married Annabel Carr ( 1930–2019 ) in 1951 . The couple had five children :
Robert William Saswalo Shirley , 14th Earl Ferrers ( b . 29 Dec 1952 ) , a chartered accountant ;
Lady Angela Mary Shirley ( b . 16 June 1954 ) ;
Lady Sallyanne Margaret Shirley ( 22 March 1957 – 6 July 2011 ) ;
Lady Selina Clare Shirley ( 1 July 1958 – 2 June 1998 ) , in whose memory the Royal Academy 's Selina Chenevière Travel Award was founded ;
Hon . Andrew John Carr Sewallis Shirley ( b . 24 June 1965 ) .
The family country seat is Ditchingham Hall near the village of Ditchingham , south Norfolk .
References
Ministerial posts
External links
1929 births
2012 deaths
Alumni of Magdalene College , Cambridge
Coldstream Guards officers
Conservative Party ( UK ) Baronesses- and Lords-in-Waiting
Deputy Lieutenants of Norfolk
Earls Ferrers
Hereditary peers elected under the House of Lords Act
Members of the Privy Council of the United Kingdom
Ministers in the Macmillan and Douglas-Home governments , 1957–1964
People educated at West Downs School
People educated at Winchester College
People from Ditchingham
Jeanne de Dampierre , née de Vivonne ( 1511 - 6 April 1583 ) was a French court official . She served as Première dame d'honneur to the queen of France , Louise of Lorraine , from 1575 until 1583 .
Life
Jeanne de Dampierre was the daughter of André de Vivonne , baron de la Chaftaigneraye , and Louise de Daillon du Lude . She married constable Claude de Clermont , baron de Dampierre ( died 1545 ) .
Her mother Louise de Daillon du Lude and sister mother Anne de Vivonne were both attached to the court of queen Marguerite of Navarre , and she herself attended court from the age of eight . She was well liked by Marguerite of Navarre , so much so that king Francis I of France on one occasion asked her to act as mediator between him and his sister .
In 1575 , she was appointed to the office of Première dame d'honneur to the new queen of France , Louise of Lorraine , and as such responsible for the female courtiers of the queen ( one Dame d'atour , 26 Dame and 14 Fille ) ; of controlling the budget , organizing the annual account and staff list , as well as supervising the daily routine and presentations to the queen . Having attended the French royal court since her childhood , she was given the task to guide queen Louise in court protocol and help her to play her role as queen , a task she is said to have done successfully .
By her sister Anne de Vivonne she was the aunt of Pierre de Bourdeille , seigneur de Brantôme , who often referred to her regarding information about the court in his famous works about the personages in the court of France , and he described her as :
`` Mme . de Dampierre , my aunt , a true Court register , and as clever , wise , and virtuous a lady as ever entered a Court these hundred years , and who knew well how to discourse on old things . From eight years of age she was brought up at Court , and forgot nothing ; it was good to hear her talk ; and I have seen our kings and queens take a singu- lar pleasure in listening to her , for she knew all , — her own time and past times ; so that people took word from her as from an oracle . King Henri III . made her lady of honour to the queen , his wife . I have here used recollections and lessons that I obtained from her , and I hope to use many more in the course of these books . ''
References
Sources
Jacqueline Boucher , Deux épouses et reines à la fin du XVIe siècle : Louise de Lorraine et ...
Brantôme , Pierre de Bourdeille , The book of the ladies ( illustrious dames )
1583 deaths
Year of birth unknown
16th-century French people
French ladies-in-waiting
Court of Francis I of France
Court of Henry III of France
WMRP may refer to :
WMRP-LP , a radio station in Mundy Township , Michigan with a country music format
WWCK-FM , an AM radio station in Flint , Michigan that held the WMRP call letters from 1964 until 1971 .
WWCK ( AM ) , an AM radio station in Flint , Michigan that held the WMRP call letters from 1946 until 1971 .
Djamel Tlemçani , ( born April 16 , 1955 ) is a former Algerian international footballer who played as a midfielder for several French and Swiss clubs . He was a member of the Algerian National Team at the 1982 FIFA World Cup .
Honours
Algerian Cup winner in 1978 with CR Belcourt
External links
1955 births
Living people
People from Médéa
Association football midfielders
Algerian footballers
Algerian expatriate footballers
Algeria international footballers
Olympique de Médéa players
CR Belouizdad players
Stade de Reims players
FC Rouen players
SC Toulon players
FC La Chaux-de-Fonds players
Quimper Kerfeunteun F.C . players
Stade Rennais F.C . players
FC Lorient players
Ligue 1 players
Ligue 2 players
1982 FIFA World Cup players
Expatriate footballers in France
Expatriate footballers in Switzerland
Algerian expatriate sportspeople in France
Algerian expatriate sportspeople in Switzerland
21st-century Algerian people
This is a list of settlements in the Rethymno regional unit , Greece .
Achlades
Adele
Agia Foteini
Agia Galini
Agia Paraskevi
Agia
Agios Ioannis , Agios Vasileios
Agios Ioannis , Amari
Agios Ioannis , Mylopotamos
Agios Konstantinos
Agios Mamas
Agios Vasileios
Agkouseliana
Aimonas
Akoumia
Aktounta
Alfa
Aloides
Amari
Amnatos
Angeliana
Ano Meros
Ano Valsamonero
Anogeia
Apladiana
Apodoulou
Archaia Eleftherna
Archontiki
Ardaktos
Argyroupoli
Armenoi
Asomatos
Atsipopoulo
Axos
Chamalevri
Charkia
Chonos
Choumeri
Chromonastiri
Damavolos
Doxaro
Drimiskos
Eleftherna
Elenes
Episkopi , Mylopotamos
Episkopi , Rethymno
Erfoi
Fourfouras
Frantzeskiana Metochia
Garazo
Gerakari
Gerani
Gonia
Goulediana
Kalandare
Kalogeros
Kalonyktis
Kalyvos
Kare
Karines
Karoti
Kastellos
Kato Poros
Kato Valsamonero
Kentrochori
Kerames
Kissos
Koufi
Koumoi
Kouroutes
Koxare
Krya Vrysi
Kryoneri
Kyrianna
Lampini
Lampiotes
Lefkogeia
Livadia
Lochria
Malaki
Margarites
Mariou
Maroulas
Melampes
Melidoni
Melissourgaki
Meronas
Mesi
Monastiraki
Mountros
Mourne
Myriokefala
Myrthios
Myxorrouma
Nithavri
Orne
Oros
Orthes
Pagkalochori
Panormo
Pantanassa
Pasalites
Patsos
Perama
Petrochori
Pigi
Platania
Platanos
Prasies
Prines
Prinos
Rethymno
Rodakino
Roumeli
Roussospiti
Roustika
Saitoures
Saktouria
Selli
Sellia
Sises
Skepasti
Skouloufia
Spili
Theodora
Thronos
Veni
Vilandredo
Vistagi
Vizari
Voleones
Vryses
Zoniana
Zouridi
By municipality
Anogeia ( no subdivisions )
See also
List of towns and villages in Greece
Rethymno ( municipality )
Rethymno
Uzbekistan competed in the Winter Olympic Games as an independent nation for the first time at the 1994 Winter Olympics in Lillehammer , Norway . Previously , Uzbek athletes competed for the Unified Team at the 1992 Winter Olympics .
Medalists
Figure skating
Ice Dancing
Freestyle skiing
Men
Women
References
Official Olympic Reports
International Olympic Committee results database
sports-reference
Nations at the 1994 Winter Olympics
1994
Winter Olympics
Bruce Ira Harlan ( January 2 , 1926 – June 22 , 1959 ) was a diver from the United States and Olympic champion . He represented his native country at the 1948 Summer Olympics in London , where he received one gold medal and one silver medal .
Harlan was a high school wrestler and pole vaulter in Lansdowne , Pennsylvania , and served in the United States Navy during World War II . Harlan coached diving at the University of Michigan from 1954 to 1959 . On June 21 , 1959 he took part in a diving exhibition in Fairfield , Connecticut . While helping to dismantle the scaffolding of the diving tower , Harlan fell to his death .
In 1961 the Michigan Interscholastic Swim Coaches Association ( MISCA ) honored Bruce Harlan when they created an award in his honor . The award is given annually to a diving coach who demonstrates continued leadership , contributions , and service to Michigan High School Diving .
Harlan was inducted into the International Swimming Hall of Fame in 1973 .
See also
List of members of the International Swimming Hall of Fame
References
External links
1926 births
1959 deaths
Accidental deaths from falls
American male divers
Divers at the 1948 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 1948 Summer Olympics
Michigan Wolverines diving coaches
Ohio State Buckeyes men 's divers
Olympic gold medalists for the United States in diving
Sports deaths in Connecticut
Sportspeople from Delaware County , Pennsylvania
United States Navy personnel of World War II
Diving deaths
State Road 77 ( SR 77 ) is a major north–south artery in Florida 's Panhandle , connecting Panama City to the south with Alabama State Route 109 and Dothan , Alabama to the north .
State Road 77 is mostly a four-lane non-limited-access highway from its south terminus intersection with U.S. Route 98 Business and State Road 30 north to its intersection with State Road 20 . Current plans are under way to widen the route to four lanes north to the Florida–Alabama border in the near future .
Route description
Panama City and Bay County
State Road 77 begins in Panama City at US Business Route 98 ( Sixth Street ) as a continuation of North Cove Boulevard , which itself spans as far south as Bunkers Cove . The route shares the additional name of Martin Luther King Jr. Boulevard . The first site along the road is an ambulance depot next to the Bay Medical Center Sacred Heart Health System . The road is a major four-lane divided boulevard throughout the city , and one of the important cross-streets is County Road 28 ( Eleventh Street ) . However , this street is only important on a city level . The first major intersection along the route is US 98 ( 15th Street ) . Two and a half blocks farther , the route faces an equally important intersection , specifically a grade crossing with the Bay Line Railroad that runs parallel to US 231 . North of US 231 , the east side of the road is completely dominated by the Panama City Mall until the intersection with State Road 368 ( 23rd Street ) . Commercial development is diminished somewhat north of there , but not eliminated . North of County Road 2312 ( East Baldwin Road ) , the route enters Lynn Haven and both street names in Panama City are replaced by Lynn Haven Parkway . The progression of numbered cross streets are also reversed . As expected , the surroundings consist of commercial strip development , occasionally interrupted by vacant lots and small wooded areas . At some point , it crosses an exempt spur of the Bay Line Railroad , and the divider ends at 18th Street , where Lynn Haven Parkway becomes Ohio Avenue . Four blocks north of there , it intersects the eastern terminus of State Road 390 and western terminus of County Roads 390 ( 14th Street ) . Two blocks after that , it serves as the northwestern terminus of County Road 389 ( 12th Street ) , a county extension of State Road 389 down in Panama City .
After the intersection of Fifth Street , SR 77 takes a slight northeast curve . The last intersection in Lynn Haven is with East Third Street on the east side , which leads to a local boat ramp at the foot of the former and current North Bay Bridge , the latter of which is a divided bridge that the route uses to cross over a tributary of St. Andrews Bay to enter Southport . When the road returns to land it curves northeast around Fannin Bayou , maintaining its status as a four-lane divided highway . Only after the intersection of McCormick Road does it curve from the northeast to the northwest where it serves as the northwestern terminus of County Road 2321 ( former State and County Road 77A ; see below ) . The road then intersects a street named Ball Park Road and then crosses a pair of bridges over some wetlands leading to Fannin Bayou before encountering the intersection of County Road 2302 , Leaving Southport , the speed limit jumps from to and then as it runs through more rural surroundings such as farmlands and forests and encounters the intersection with County Road 2300 . Roughly in the vicinity of a power line right of way , the route enters Vicksburg , where the road has an intersection with County Road 388 which leads to Northwest Florida Beaches International Airport , which is across from a local street named Edwards Road . It then turns straight along a one-mile SR 77/CR 388 concurrency that exists until CR 388 branches off to the northeast on its way to Youngstown and US 231 . SR 77 resumes its northwestern trajectory once again . Forestland continues along the route with sparse residencies and unfinished developments including along the southwest shores of Merial Lake , where the road encounters a Bay County Fire Station , and some sand mines across from the lake , just before briefly turning straight north . As it enters Oak Park , it makes a reverse curve to the right around Tank Pond before intersecting State Road 20 . North of there , the four-divided highway ends , and a continuation of the southbound right-of-way is used as a park and ride across from a power substation before State Road 77 finally crosses the Bay-Washington County Line .
Washington County
The first community that State Road 77 enters in Washington County is the unincorporated community of Crystal Lake . After intersecting the street for which the community is named , the route makes a sharp turn to the northeast , which it will follow throughout most of the county . The community contains such sites as Crystal Village Airport . Later it enters Panama Heights where it encounters the southeastern terminus of County Road 279 , and grounds of the Northwest Florida Reception Center ( formerly the Washington Correctional Institution ) . The road maintains the same rural characteristics north of there , but soon encounters another series of unfinished developments . The closest resemblance to a populated area is the Sunny Hills Golf and Country Club where the road becomes wide enough for left turn lanes at the entrances to the development . North of there road is no longer straight , winding back and forth through rural southern Washington County . Within a small forest around a curve , the route officially enters the Town of Wausau and gains the street name Washington Street . Low numbered local streets intersect the route which itself runs between the post office and a historical marker honoring the town 's `` possum festivals '' before it finally approaches a blinker-light intersection with County Road 278 ( Pioneer Road ) . Remaining cross streets in the town have names , and the route leaves the town , curving its way out . The street name does n't so much disappear as it diminishes as road resumes its previous surroundings of sporadic forestland and farmland coupled with intersections with random dirt road , but the forests are more lush and the road crosses more low bridges over small creeks with names like `` Hard Labor Creek '' and `` Flat Creek '' , which can be found just south of the intersection of County Road 276 ( Clayton Road ) , South of Peel Road the route briefly curves to the northwest and then heads back to the northeast .
In Crow , there are signs directing motorists to Falling Waters State Park just before those for the route leading to it , which is County Road 77A ( See below ) . Shortly after this , the road becomes a four-lane divided highway again just south of the Blue Lake Park and Community Center , but that divided section is intended for commercial development ahead of the interchange with Interstate 10 at Exit 120 . From that point the route just begins to enter the City of Chipley and is named Main Street . The divided section ends in front of a Wal-Mart and other shopping centers just south of Nearing Hills Drive , and the road takes another curve to the northeast . Commercial development resumes again along the road as it approaches County Road 280 ( Brickyard Road ) , and the Northwest Florida Community Hospital can be found on the northwest corner of that intersection . SR 77 turns straight north again at the northern terminus of County Road 77A . More than a block later it has an intersection with County Road 273 ( South Boulevard ) . North of that intersection , reassurance signs for State Road 273 accompany those of SR 77 , because the county road at the previous intersection was once an extension of that route .
The road enters downtown Chipley just before the intersection of US 90 ( Jackson Avenue ) . Just over a block to the north it crosses an at-grade crossing with CSX P & A Subdivision a block west of the Chipley Amtrak station , as well as the former Louisville and Nashville Railroad depot that it replaced . Though the road leaves downtown , it remains within the city limits as it enters a mostly residential area of the city which includes a culvert over a small creek between Watts and Coggin Avenues and the eastern terminus of County Road 166 ( Old Bonifay Road ) . The next intersection is with Campbellton Avenue and then SR 273 makes a right turn onto Glenwood Avenue , leading to the very community for which the previous local street is named . At Plum Avenue the route begins to make another curve to the northeast while Main Street continues straight as a rural road . SR 77 leaves the city limits just before the intersection with Warren Avenue , and reunites with the remnants of Main Street as Buttermilk Bend Circle , which ends on the northwest corner of the intersection of SR 77 , Martin Luther King Jr. , Street and Leany Road . After this five pointed intersection , SR 77 curves back to the north again around Notch Pond . From there it encounters some relatively significant dirt roads , the first being Bahoma Road . which leads to the ghost town of the same name , and the second being Williams Road , which is a poorly paved street on the west side and a dirt road on the east side . The northeast corner of Williams Road also includes a dirt road named Stanton Drive which runs to the northeast , and makes a sharp turn back to SR 77 just south of the Washington-Jackson County Line .
Northwestern Jackson County
Within northwestern Jackson County , the rural surroundings are carried over from the area north of Chipley . After a bridge over Minnow Creek , State Road 77 has its first moderate intersection with County Road 164 ( Lovewood Road ) , a long county road spanning towards Chattahoochee State Park across the Alabama state line , that is interrupted by unpaved sections , and concurrencies in the Marianna area with SR 73 , US 90 , and SR 71 . The road takes more of a northeast curve from there , although it curves slightly to the left before the intersection with Vicki Road , but not far enough to run straight north . The trajectory and rural surroundings continue as the road approaches the intersection with County Road 162 , which despite being named `` Tri-County Road '' only exists in Holmes and Jackson Counties . A fire tower exists on the northeast corner of this intersection . The road maintains the same trajectory for the next 3.3 miles with few local dirt road intersections before encountering the northeastern terminus of County Road 277 ( Piano Road ) , a rural bi-county extension of State Road 277 . The road then takes more of a northeasterly curve than before as it passes by a church at the intersection of Damascus Church Road and the accompanying cemetery behind it . Just north of the intersection with a dirt road named Heisler Road , the route curves from the northeast to the northwest once again .
At the intersection of Prim Avenue , SR 77 enters Graceville and becomes Brown Street . The road passes by a civic center , a small industrial park , a children 's playground , and an abandoned gas station . North of a small bridge over Little Creek , SR 77 branches off to the left at a blinker light onto Cotton Street . A lumber distributor can be found between Fourth and Fifth Street just south of an abandoned grade crossing for the former Graceville Branch of the Atlanta and St. Andrews Bay Railway . At Eighth Street a concurrency with State Road 2 begins , and runs for five blocks until it turns west at White Street . From there , the road takes a sharp curve to the northeast , and one block later resume the name Brown Street . Roughly a block after this it serves as the northwestern terminus of County Road 193 ( Sanders Avenue ) . The road passes several more local streets within town until it reaches some former plots of farmland that are currently occupied by a private residence , a long driveway to a bingo hall , Graceville High School and then the intersection of Spears Road and College Drive , the latter of which leads to Campbellton-Graceville Hospital and the Baptist College of Florida . Just after leaving the city limits , the northeast trajectory begins to wane before the intersection with Johns Road , a one lane dirt road leading to Kirkland Airport The road moves more towards the north after the intersection with another dirt road named Primrose Lane , but still runs northeast as State Road 77 ends at the Florida-Alabama state line and becomes Alabama State Route 109 in Houston County .
Major intersections
Related routes
County Road 77A
County Road 77A is a county-suffixed alternate route of SR 77 . It begins as an east–west road in Crow named State Park Road , turns north onto a north–south road named Falling Waters Road leading back to SR 77 in Chipley . The road serves as a connecting route to Falling Waters State Park , which can be entered at the continuation of State Park Road east of Falling Waters Road . South of that intersection , the road is a local street leading to the farmlands of eastern Washington County .
County Road 2321
County Road 2321 , formerly State Road 77A , was a suffixed alternate of State Road 77 north of Panama City . The route began in Cedar Grove at US 231 , and runs straight north and south until after the intersection of CR 2293 ( Titus Road ) , where it turns to the northwest . From there , it runs across a dam between North Bay and Deer Point Lake . As it returns to land it curves to the northeast around Hodges Bayou and then makes a sharp left at the intersection of Eastern CR 2302 ( Resota Beach Road ) , then running west along the north shore of North bay until terminating at SR 77 .
References
077
077
077
077
077
Ask-wee-da-eed is a Native American mythological figure of the Algonquian Abenaki people . The figure is a shaman who is half-snake , half-man . He forces humans to find the materials with which he would cook them , before he was killed by Moosbas .
References
Abenaki legendary creatures
The brown-backed honeyeater ( Ramsayornis modestus ) is a species of bird in the family Meliphagidae .
It is found in New Guinea and Cape York Peninsula .
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical mangrove forests .
References
brown-backed honeyeater
Birds of New Guinea
Birds of Cape York Peninsula
brown-backed honeyeater
brown-backed honeyeater
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Dmitry Mendeleev 's Memorial Museum Apartment is a museum apartment of the Russian chemist Dmitry Mendeleev , who is famous for establishing the Periodic table of arranging chemical elements by their atomic masses , which allowed the prediction of properties of elements ( i.e. , simple substances ) yet to be discovered .
It is located in the Twelve Collegia building , now being the centre of Saint Petersburg State University , and in Mendeleev 's time called Head Pedagogical Institute with his archives . The street in front of these is named after him as Mendeleevskaya liniya ( Mendeleev Line ) . For security reasons access into the building in general is allowed mostly to authorized persons , such as students and staff of the University . All entrants are to present to the guards their identification documents .
Notes
Dmitri Mendeleev
Biographical museums in Saint Petersburg
Science museums in Saint Petersburg
The Marquisate of Cenete ( alternatively , of Zenete , El Cenete , or El Zenete ; ) is a noble title first granted in 1491 by Queen Isabel I of Castile to Rodrigo Díaz de Vivar y Mendoza , First Count del Cid .
The name refers to the Andalusian comarca of Zenete in the province of Granada . Zenete or Cenete may derive from the Arabic sened , meaning
the slope that constitutes one side of a mountain range , referring to the north side of the Sierra Nevada . Another possibility is that the name refers to the Zenata Berber tribes , which were highly respected in medieval Spain for their horsemanship . Jinete , the Spanish word for horseman , is derived from this people . The Marquisate was promoted to grandeeship 15 May 1909 .
The current marquess is Mencía López-Becerra de Solé y de Casanova .
One of the young children besides the senior , a sixth child , of famous literary man Iñigo López de Mendoza , ( 1398–1458 ) , was the Bishop of Calahorra and of Sigüenza since 1473 and later Cardinal of Toledo , the highest ecclesiastical distinction in Spain from a Pope , came to be known as Pedro González de Mendoza , ( 1428–1495 ) , a.k.a . Cardinal and statesman Cardenal Mendoza . While being a Roman Catholic bishop at Calahorra and therefore supposed not to have a sexual life leading to descendency , he became attached to Doña Mencia de Lemus , a Portuguese lady-in-waiting of the queen . She bore him two sons , Rodrigo , who was once selected in a list of candidates to be the husband of Lucrezia Borgia , one of the children fathered in Rome by the later Spanish Roman Catholic Pope Alexander VI , and Diego , who was the grandfather of the princess of Eboli of the reign of Philip II ( see Antonio Perez ) By Inés de Tovar , a lady of a Valladolid family , he had a third son ( Juan Hurtado de Mendoza y Tovar ) who afterwards emigrated to France .
On the death of King Henry IV of Castile , ( 1425–1473 ) , on 11 December 1473 , the Mendoza family from Guadalajara , who had remained faithful to king Henry , was sought after and much courted by the new 23 years old self-proclaimed Queen of Castile , Isabel I of Castile , ( 1451–1504 ) , a half sister of king Henry , against the sectors of the nobility wishing to remain faithful to the young daughter of the king , 12 years old Juana la Beltraneja , ( 1462–1530 ) . Isabel I had married , disregarding the authority , the advice and the political balances thought out by her brother the king , Prince of Aragon , later King of Aragon since 1479 , Ferdinand II of Aragon , ( 1452–1516 ) . The self-proclamation of Isabel was made in Segovia the day after her half-brother died and without even counting at the time with her husband the Aragon Prince .
Civil wars ensued in Castile , the accounts running into many hundreds of books and probably hundreds of thousands of pages since then .
To cut short , the by then Archbishop of Seville , Pedro González de Mendoza , fourth child of poet Iñigo López de Mendoza , was offered by Isabel of Castile to `` create new nobility lineages '' with his `` beautiful children of sin '' , ( the Queen `` dixit '' ) , Rodrigo , Diego and their half brother Juan . Rodrigo became Count del Cid , to remember a 400-year-old `` ancestor '' , the famous El Cid from Medieval Castilian History .
The first marquess of Cenete or Zenete , title of 1491 , was also awarded by the Catholic Monarchs to Rodrigo Díaz de Vivar y Mendoza , deceased 1523 . He built the Castle of La Calahorra , and married twice , first to Leonor de la Cerda y Aragón , deceased around 1497 , and later to María de Fonseca y Toledo . His daughter Mencía de Mendoza , Second Marquise , died without issue ; his other daughter María , became Third Marquise and married Diego Hurtado de Mendoza , 4th Count of Saldaña , heir to the Duchy of Infantado . Thus the marquisate passed to the House of Infantado , whose members used both titles , alternating each generation between the style `` Marquess of Cenete and Duke of Infantado '' and `` Duke of Infantado and Marquess of Cenete '' .
The primogeniture of the marquesses included the baronies of Ayora , Alazque , Alberique and Gavarda , places inhabited by moriscos , industrious vassals working very well silks , iron , copper and alums , with Moorish ancestry , in the Kingdom of Valencia , as was Zenete after 1492 with the Conquest of Granada , and the seigneuries of Jadraque , El Castillo del Cid and Alcocer , in Guadalajara .
See also
: es : Castillo de La Calahorra
Conquest of Granada
El Cid
Moriscos
: es : Castillo de La Calahorra ( In Spanish Wikipedia )
: es : Rodrigo Díaz de Vivar y Mendoza ( In Spanish Wikipedia )
: es : Mencía de Mendoza ( In Spanish Wikipedia )
Notes
Marquessates in the Spanish nobility
1491 establishments in Spain
Raudna River is river in Estonia in Viljandi County . The river is 68.6 km long and basin size is 1122.5 km2 . It runs from Viljandi Lake into Halliste River .
There live also trouts and Thymallus thymallus .
References
Rivers of Estonia
Viljandi County
Johann Ludwig Hannemann ( 25 October 1640 – 25 October 1724 ) was a professor of medicine who famously opposed the idea of the circulation of the blood . He studied the chemistry of phosphorus , gold , and hematite ; wrote articles on metallurgy , botany , theology , and various medical topics . He was an adherent of the views of the ancients and pre-Renaissance alchemists . He trained his medical students according to the schools of Galen , Hippocrates , and Aristotle .
He first studied theology before studying medicine . He is best known for disseminating the Curse of Ham calumny .
In 1675 , he became a full professor at the University of Kiel .
He was the doctoral advisor of Georg Gottlob Richter .
In 1680 , he became a member of Leopoldina .
Works
References
Biographie Medicale ; Bayle , G.-L. ; Thillaye , J . B.-J. , Eds . ; B. M. Israel : 1967 Reprint ; pp . 184–185 .
Jöcher 's Allgemeine Gelehrten Lexicon ; Johann Friedrich Gleditschen : 1750-1787 ; vol . 2 , col 1352-1353 .
Biographisches Lexikon der hervorragenden Ärzte ; Urban & Schwarzenberg : 1962 ; vol . 3 , pp . 52–53 .
External links
Books by Hannemann
1640 births
1724 deaths
17th-century German physicians
18th-century German physicians
University of Kiel faculty
Physicians from Amsterdam
Dobbins is an English surname and it may refer to :
People
Bill Dobbins
Daniel Dobbins
Debbie Dobbins
Donald C. Dobbins
Eugene Dobbins
Ollie Dobbins
Samuel A. Dobbins
Tim Dobbins
Places
Dobbins Air Reserve Base
Dobbins , California
Dobbins , Kentucky
Kavlak Peak ( , ) is the peak rising to 1160 m in the southeast foothills of Detroit Plateau on Nordenskjöld Coast in Graham Land , Antarctica . It is situated in the west part of a narrow rocky ridge projecting 5 km eastwards into the upper course of Dinsmoor Glacier .
The peak is named after the settlement of Kavlak in Northern Bulgaria .
Location
Kavlak Peak is located at , which is 7.17 km west-southwest of Darzalas Peak , 6.92 km northwest of Mount Elliott , 4.88 km north-northeast of Gusla Peak , and 25.41 km east of Baldwin Peak on Danco Coast . British mapping in 1978 .
Map
British Antarctic Territory . Scale 1:200000 topographic map . DOS 610 Series , Sheet W 64 60 . Directorate of Overseas Surveys , UK , 1978 .
Antarctic Digital Database ( ADD ) . Scale 1:250000 topographic map of Antarctica . Scientific Committee on Antarctic Research ( SCAR ) . Since 1993 , regularly upgraded and updated .
Notes
References
Kavlak Peak . SCAR Composite Antarctic Gazetteer .
Bulgarian Antarctic Gazetteer . Antarctic Place-names Commission . ( details in Bulgarian , basic data in English )
External links
Kavlak Peak . Copernix satellite image
Mountains of Graham Land
Bulgaria and the Antarctic
Nordenskjöld Coast
Vangelis Makris ( ; born 27 February 1999 ) is a Greek professional footballer who plays as a forward for Football League club Rodos .
References
1999 births
Living people
Greek footballers
Super League Greece 2 players
Levadiakos F.C . players
Association football forwards
Chalanata ( pronounced chalanāta ) is a rāgam in Carnatic music ( musical scale of South Indian classical music ) . It is the 36th Melakarta rāgam in the 72 melakarta rāgam system of Carnatic music . It is one of the few rāgams referred by the same name in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music .
Structure and Lakshana
It is the 6th rāgam in the 6th chakra Rutu . The mnemonic name is Rutu-Sha . The mnemonic phrase is sa ru gu ma pa dhu nu . Its structure ( ascending and descending scale ) is as follows ( see swaras in Carnatic music for details on below notation and terms ) :
:
:
The notes used in this scale are shadjam , shatsruthi rishabham , antara gandharam , shuddha madhyamam , panchamam , shatsruthi dhaivatham and kakali nishadham . As it is a melakarta rāgam , by definition it is a sampurna rāgam ( has all seven notes in ascending and descending scale ) . It is the shuddha madhyamam equivalent of Rasikapriya , which is the 72nd ( last ) melakarta .
Janya Rāgams
Chalanāta ( also pronounced Chalanāttai ) has two popular janya rāgams ( derived scales ) associated with it , namely Nāta ( Nāttai ) and Ghambheeranāta ( Gambheeranāttai ) . Nāta ragam compositions are sung often in concerts and it overshadows Chalanāta . See List of Janya Rāgams for list of janya rāgams associated with Chalanāta .
Compositions
A few compositions set to Chalanāta are :
Rājadhirāja ( varnam ) by Baluswami Dikshitar
Nagātmajā Manōharam by Dr. M. Balamuralikrishna
Margazhi Thingal by Andal
Madhava Panchakam by Oothukkadu Venkata Kavi
Edayya Gathi by Koteeswara Iyer
Film Songs
Language : Tamil
Related rāgams
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this rāgam .
Chalanata 's notes when shifted using Graha bhedam , yields a major Melakarta rāgam Shubhapantuvarali . Graha bhedam is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same , while shifting the shadjam to the next note in the rāgam . For further details and an illustration refer Graha bhedam on Chalanata .
Notes
References
Melakarta ragas
Hermaness is the northernmost headland of Unst , the most northerly inhabited island of Shetland , Scotland . It consists of huge sea cliffs and moorland , making it an ideal habitat for a variety of birds . Hermaness was designated a national nature reserve ( NNR ) in 1955 . The NNR extends over 965 hectares , including the whole of the Hermaness peninsula and the outlying Muckle Flugga and Out Stack . The reserve has a path and boardwalk that extends out onto the moorland . The reserve is managed by NatureScot , though it remains in private ownership , with most being owned by the Buness Estate , although the stacks and skerries around Muckle Flugga are owned by the Northern Lighthouse Board .
Hermaness is renowned for its internationally important seabird colonies , including the world 's third largest great skua colony , fulmars , gannets , shags , puffins and guillemots . The blanket bog further inland also provides a good habitat for breeding waders , such as golden plover , dunlin and snipe .
Hermaness is said to have once been home to a giant named Herman who fought with another giant , named Saxa , over a mermaid . During the fight the two giants threw rocks at each other , and the legend claims that this is the origin of the rocks and stacks that surround the headland .
Birdlife
Over 100,000 pairs of birds from 15 different species breed at Hermaness , which is internationally important for great skua , gannets and puffins . Gannets nest on narrow ledges on cliffs and stacks , and as of 2018 there were around 26,000 breeding pairs each summer . Hermaness , with around 6 % of the breeding North Atlantic population , is the sixth largest colony of these birds in Britain . Guillemot and kittiwake also breed on the stacks and cliffs of Hermaness , with around 3,700 pairs of guillemots and 416 pairs of kittiwakes recorded in 2015 . Shags nest on boulder beaches on the west coast of Hermaness ; due to relative inaccessibility of these areas counting is difficult , but NatureScot estimated a population of around 150 pairs in 2002 . The fulmar population , numbering almost 7,000 pairs in 2011 , is nationally important , representing 1 % of the British population . Puffins can be difficult to count due to the fact they nest in burrows , however NatureScot estimate that somewhere between 20,000 and 30,000 pairs can be found at Hermaness , representing around 6 % of the British population . The coastline also hosts small numbers of breeding herring gulls , razorbills and black guillemots , all of whom tend to nest in more secluded areas such rock crevices and amongst boulders .
Away from the coast , almost 1,000 great skuas , known locally as bonxies , nest at Hermaness , maintaining territories on the large expanse of moorland that covers the centre of the peninsula . Hermaness is estimated to host 4.5 % of world population of these birds , and is the third largest colony in Europe . Until the 1960s large numbers of Arctic skuas also bred at Hermaness , however a rise in bonxie numbers led to these birds tending to favour other parts of Unst . A small number of red-throated divers ( typically 3-9 pairs ) , breed on the moors . The moorland also provides a home for many other ground-nesting birds such as skylark , twite and curlew . There are also significant numbers of waders , with large numbers of dunlin and snipe , and smaller numbers of golden plover . In recent years greylag geese have also begun to nest at Hermaness .
Hermaness was also home to a black-browed albatross – an extreme rarity in the Northern Hemisphere – every summer from 1972 until 1995 ( except 1988 and 1989 ) . This bird , nicknamed 'Albert ' , proved a major attraction to birdwatchers .
Other wildlife
Otter can occasionally be seen at Hermaness , and the Shetland field mouse can also be found . Otherwise , few land mammals live on the peninsula . In contrast , the surrounding seas are home to many marine mammals such as seals , dolphins , whales and porpoises . Both grey and common seals visit the beaches regularly , and sightings of whales and dolphins have increased in recent years . Harbour porpoises , minke whales , killer whales , white-sided dolphins , white-beaked dolphins and Risso 's dolphins are all known to visit .
Moths species at Hermaness include the northern rustic , the autumnal rustic and the northern arches . Many of these moths belong to distinct sub-species found only in Shetland , often being darker in colour than those found on the Scottish mainland . Other invertebrates include 53 species of beetle , 46 species of spider , and the distinctive , orange-coloured Shetland bumblebee .
Conservation
Conservation activities began at Hermaness in 1831 , when the landowner , Dr. Lawrence Edmondston , began to protect bonxie nesting sites from egg collectors : by this time the population had declined to only 3 pairs . The population began to recover , but egg collecting remained an issue . In 1891 the Edmondston family employed a warden to protect the site , and from this point bonxie numbers grew strongly . Responsibility for watching the bonxies passed to the Royal Society for the Protection of Birds ( RSPB ) in 1906 , and the role was widened to include monitoring of other seabird populations . In 1955 part of the area was declared a national nature reserve , and the reserve was extended to its current extent in 1958 . At this point the Nature Conservancy Council ( the predecessor of NatureScot ) , took over responsibility for monitoring the bird population . Since the 1980s seabird counts have been conducted on a systematic basis , and a whole-reserve count of the main species is undertaken every 6 years .
In addition to being an NNR , the headland holds a range of other conservation designations for its spectacular wildlife , habitat and geological features . It is also a Site of Special Scientific Interest ( SSSI ) , and forms part of the Hermaness , Saxa Vord and Valla Field Special Protection Area ( SPA ) and the Shetland national scenic area . The Hermaness NNR is classified as a Category IV protected area by the International Union for Conservation of Nature .
Watchers Hut
Once the Royal Society for the Protection of Birds took over the protection of the bonxie population in 1906 , they built a hut on the southern slopes of Hermaness Hill overlooking the nesting sites to accommodate their `` Watchers '' . This hut burnt down after a few years and was subsequently replaced by a slightly larger one which survived until 1991 . It was constructed of corrugated iron on a wooden frame with windows facing south .
For many years , Watchers were resident during the breeding season until the bonxie population had recovered . After they were no longer required , the hut continued to be maintained as a place of refuge in bad weather and for use by researchers or people overnighting . It also contained the Bird Sanctuary Visitor 's Book .
On 31 December 1991 , an Englishman and his Canadian girlfriend hiked to the hut with the intention of seeing in the New Year there . That night , or in the early hours of 1 January 1992 , the hut was struck by one of most severe storms ever recorded in the British Isles with winds reaching Hurricane force , gusting up to as measured at the nearby Muckle Flugga Lighthouse . The hut was blown away and completely destroyed , with debris scattered over the hillside and both lost their lives . The man was found on 5 January close to where the hut had been , his girlfriend half a mile ( 800m ) away below a 300 ft ( 90m ) cliff in Burra Firth the following day .
Today , the site of the hut is marked by a cross made of large stones laid into the ground , a memorial for the two lives lost . Access to the location is currently problematic , as the direct footpath to the top of Hermaness Hill that passed the cross closed in 2017 . It traversed fragile blanket bog that was being severely eroded by the increased number of visitors . However , there are plans to reopen this route in the future after installation of boardwalks . The current footpath takes a different westerly route .
References
Citations
Bibliography
External links
Hermaness National Nature Reserve - NatureScot
Scotland 's National Nature Reserves
National nature reserves in Scotland
Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Shetland
Headlands of Scotland
Protected areas of Shetland
Landforms of Shetland
Unst
Cannabis smoking ( or colloquially smoking pot ) is the inhalation of smoke or vapor released by heating the flowers , leaves , or extracts of cannabis and releasing the main psychoactive chemical , Δ9-tetrahydrocannabinol ( THC ) , which is absorbed into the bloodstream via the lungs . Archaeological evidence indicates cannabis with high levels of THC was being smoked at least 2,500 years ago .
In addition to being smoked and vaporized , cannabis and its active cannabinoids may be ingested , placed under the tongue , or applied to the skin . The bioavailability characteristics and effects of smoking and vaporizing cannabis differ from other cannabis consumption methods in having a more rapid and predictable onset of effect .
Methods
Cannabis ( marijuana ) can be smoked in a variety of pipe-like implements made in different shapes and of different materials including hand pipes ( `` bowls '' ) , water pipes ( `` bongs '' ) , cigarettes ( `` joints '' ) , or blunts .
Solar puffing ( also called solar toking or taking solar hits ) is the act of using the sun 's rays with a magnifying lens or burning glass to heat cannabis for consumption .
Hotboxing involves multiple persons smoking cannabis in an enclosed space , such as a car , with no way for smoke to escape . In addition to the primary smoke from the chosen smoking devices , second hand smoke is repeatedly inhaled and exhaled . A single user breathing in and out of a breathbonnet ( breadbag ) can achieve this effect .
Vaporization
Vaporizers ( vape pens and/or stationary platform ) are devices used to extract the active ingredients of cannabis , tobacco ( E-cigarettes ) , or any plant material at lower than burning temperature , eliminating carbon monoxide and carcinogenic `` tars '' found hazardous in smoke . 197 °C / 385 °F is frequently mentioned as a good vaporizing temperature for favored cannabinoids . Utensils usually thought of as smoking pipes can be used to vaporize if the receptacle , or `` bowl '' , is narrow enough to permit controlling the inward flow of heated air from a source such as a lighter which is held far enough below the opening .
According to the journal Clinical Pharmacology & Therapeutics , vaporizing cannabis is a safe and more effective way ( than smoking ) of delivering THC to patients for medical uses .
The feasibility of vaporization of THC has been demonstrated in a series of laboratory studies involving different vaporizer designs . An electric vaporizer was shown to release substantial amounts of the THC while producing no measurable amounts of benzene , toluene , and naphthalene , which are generated when marijuana is smoked .
Smoking
Health effects of smoking
Some data on the correlation of an increase in the incidence of lung cancer and cannabis smoking are conflicting . A systematic review evaluating 19 studies from 1966 to 2006 found no significant tobacco-adjusted association between cannabis smoking and lung cancer development despite evidence of precancerous histopathologic changes of the respiratory mucosa .
Cannabis smoke was listed as a cancer agent in California in 2009 . Cannabis smoke contains many of the same carcinogens as tar from tobacco smoke .
A 2012 literature survey by the British Lung Foundation identified cannabis smoke as a carcinogen and also found awareness of the danger was low , with 40 % of under 35s thinking that cannabis ( when smoked ) was not harmful . Other observations include lack of research on the effect of cannabis smoke alone due to common mixing of cannabis and tobacco and frequent cigarette smoking by cannabis users ; low rate of addiction compared to tobacco ; and episodic nature of cannabis use compared to steady frequent smoking of tobacco .
A 2013 literature review said that exposure to cannabis had biologically based physical , mental , behavioral and social health consequences and was `` associated with diseases of the liver ( particularly with co-existing hepatitis C ) , lungs , heart , and vasculature '' . The authors cautioned that `` evidence is needed , and further research should be considered , to prove causal associations of marijuana with many physical health conditions '' .
Materials
Disposable materials
Disposable materials are often used in places where cannabis is illegal .
A roach is the remains of a joint , blunt or roll up cigarette after most of it has been smoked .
Joint
Joint is a slang term for a cigarette filled with cannabis instead of tobacco . Alternatively , mainly in Europe , joints may contain tobacco ( commonly dubbed `` a spliff '' , but not to be confused with the Jamaican term Spliff , which refers to a large joint ) or various non-addictive herbs . Sometimes a joint will contain kief or hashish ; hashish can be heated and made to crumble before placement within the joint . Specially manufactured rolling papers are most often used in industrialized countries ; however , recycled brown paper and newspaper are commonly used in the developing world . Modern papers are now made from a wide variety of materials including rice , hemp , soy , and flax . A joint typically contains 250–750 mg net weight of cannabis and/or fillers .
Blunt
A blunt is cannabis rolled with a cigar wrapper ( usually tobacco leaf , which contains nicotine ) . Blunts are often made with blunt wraps : tobacco-based wraps — often flavored — that are related to the wraps used on a blunt cigar and are often used to roll cannabis
Blunts can also now be rolled with Hemp wraps that do not contain Nicotine . There are several types available in varying flavors as an alternative to using a cigar wrapper , for those people who do n't desire the nicotine .
Reusable materials
Pipe or bowl
Pipes made for smoking cannabis , sometimes called pieces or bowls , are made of a variety of materials , including metal fittings , ceramic , borosilicate glass , stone , wood , bamboo among other materials . Subtypes include one-hitters , bubblers , chillums , glass blunts , corn cob pipes , and standard hand pipes .
Pipes vary greatly in shape and materials , and most are handmade . The common thread between them is having a narrow screened receptacle ( `` bowl '' ) , a `` stem '' ( which may be a long flexible tube as on hookahs and vaporizers ) , and a `` mouthpiece '' . The smoking material is placed in the receptacle and affected with a heat source while air is drawn through the bowl and stem to the user .
Blown-glass pipes and bongs are often intricately and colorfully designed . In India and Jamaica , the most commonly used pipe is the chillum . ; in the UAE , midwakh ; in Morocco , sebsi .
A One-hitter is a device used for a single serving ( usually 25 mg ) .
Chalice is a cannabis smoking pipe used most often by members of the Jamaican Rastafari movement .
Bubbler
A bubbler is a mix of a bong and a pipe . They tend to look like small bongs and are another way to smoke cannabis . A bubbler contains a chamber for water , commonly with a down stem directly connected to the bowl of the piece . A bubbler normally has a dedicated carburetor , a hole which is usually covered with the finger then opened for mixing clean air with the smoke to make inhaling easier . Because of the carburetor there is no need to pull the stem as you would with a bong .
Bong
A bong is similar to a pipe , only it has a water-chamber through which cannabis smoke passes prior to inhalation . Users fill the bong with water , sometimes also adding ice in order to cool the smoke . This cooling effect reduces the discomfort caused by the heat of the smoke . The bowl and stem assembly of most bongs is removed briefly after the cannabis is burned , allowing clean air to circulate and clear the smoke chamber , ensuring no smoke dissipates without being properly consumed .
Types of bongs :
Classical bongs .
Gravity bong ( also known as a grav , bucket , bucky ( in New Zealand ) , submarine , geeb , or GB ) is a hydropneumatic device used for smoking cannabis . A typical variant consists of a bucket of water in which is typically placed a bottle with the bottom cut off , such as a 2-litre PET soft drink bottle . However , commercial gravity bongs made of boroslilicate glass exist too . Some kind of cap or screen is rigged over the mouth of the bottle and filled with hash or cannabis . A flame is then held near enough to heat the drug while the bottle is slowly raised out of the water , creating a negative gauge pressure inside the bottle , drawing smoke from the heated cannabis—along with air—into the vacuum . The cap or screen is removed once the bottle is almost full , the user 's mouth is placed over the mouth of the bottle and the bottle pushed back down into the water , causing the pressure to rise and forcing the smoke into the lungs . There are many variants on this basic premise , such as using a large water cooler tank in lieu of a soft drink bottle .
Waterfall bong : Similar to a gravity bong , a waterfall bong utilizes both a bottle and a cap or screen rigged over the bottle 's mouth to hold cannabis . In this case , however , the bottle—which has one or several holes drilled near or at the bottom—is either filled with water or placed in a larger container filled with water before the cannabis is packed . The holes are then uncovered , or the bottle is simply raised from the container , evacuating the water either onto the ground or back into the container . When heat is applied to the drug , the resultant smoke is forced into the bottle with negative gauge pressure , as with the gravity bong . Once the water is evacuated , the smoke can be inhaled from the bottle . Variations on this concept are also used . Commercial gravity bongs made of boroslilicate glass exist too .
Spots
Spotting refers to a method of smoking cannabis . In this method , small pieces of cannabis are rolled ( or simply torn from a larger bud ) to form the `` spot '' . Generally , the tips of two knife blades are heated , the spot is compressed between the two blades , and the subsequent smoke is inhaled through the nose or mouth . This method of smoking is also referred to as `` hot knives '' because of the heated blades . Another means is specially made glass presses heated with a propane or butane torch . In order to facilitate this process , a `` spottle '' ( also referred to as a `` bowser '' , `` hooter '' or `` toker '' ) is often , but not always , used to funnel the smoke and maximize the amount inhaled . A spottle is generally made from a funnel or cone-shaped container , such as the top ( or neck ) of a plastic or glass bottle or a gallon of milk/water .
See also
Cannabis
Cannabis consumption
Electronic cigarette
Hashish
Tobacco smoking
Legality of cannabis
References
External links
Michael M. Redman ( born April 15 , 1945 ) is an American singer who was a member of television 's The Lawrence Welk Show from 1980 to 1982 as part of the trio Gail , Ron and Michael , with Ron Anderson and Anderson 's wife , Gail Farrell .
Redman was born in Portland , Oregon , and graduated from the University of Southern California with a degree in performing arts and literature . He did voice work for famous cartoons including The Flintstones and Yogi Bear . Later he appeared on television shows such as The Smothers Brothers Comedy Hour , Happy Days , Sonny and Cher and Donny and Marie . He also appeared as a singer on Johnny Mann 's Stand Up and Cheer show . As a vocalist , he performed and recorded with Barbra Streisand , Frank Sinatra , Henry Mancini , Barry Manilow and the Ray Conniff Singers .
It was Tom Netherton who recommended Redman for Gail and Ron 's trio on the Welk show in 1980 . Today , Redman still performs with the trio . His recent projects include a new album titled Michael Redman — Yesterday and Today and vocal work for the 1991 Walt Disney Harmony .
References
1945 births
Living people
Musicians from Portland , Oregon
Singers from Los Angeles
People from Vancouver , Washington
American male singers
Lawrence Welk
In statistical mechanics , the Potts model , a generalization of the Ising model , is a model of interacting spins on a crystalline lattice . By studying the Potts model , one may gain insight into the behaviour of ferromagnets and certain other phenomena of solid-state physics . The strength of the Potts model is not so much that it models these physical systems well ; it is rather that the one-dimensional case is exactly solvable , and that it has a rich mathematical formulation that has been studied extensively .
The model is named after Renfrey Potts , who described the model near the end of his 1951 Ph.D. thesis . The model was related to the `` planar Potts '' or `` clock model '' , which was suggested to him by his advisor , Cyril Domb . The four-state Potts model is sometimes known as the Ashkin–Teller model , after Julius Ashkin and Edward Teller , who considered an equivalent model in 1943 .
The Potts model is related to , and generalized by , several other models , including the XY model , the Heisenberg model and the N-vector model . The infinite-range Potts model is known as the Kac model . When the spins are taken to interact in a non-Abelian manner , the model is related to the flux tube model , which is used to discuss confinement in quantum chromodynamics . Generalizations of the Potts model have also been used to model grain growth in metals and coarsening in foams . A further generalization of these methods by James Glazier and Francois Graner , known as the cellular Potts model , has been used to simulate static and kinetic phenomena in foam and biological morphogenesis .
Definition
The Potts model consists of spins that are placed on a lattice ; the lattice is usually taken to be a two-dimensional rectangular Euclidean lattice , but is often generalized to other dimensions and lattice structures .
Originally , Domb suggested that the spin takes one of possible values , distributed uniformly about the circle , at angles
where and that the interaction Hamiltonian is given by
with the sum running over the nearest neighbor pairs over all lattice sites , and is a coupling constant , determining the interaction strength . This model is now known as the vector Potts model or the clock model . Potts provided the location in two dimensions of the phase transition , for . In the limit , this becomes the XY model .
What is now known as the standard Potts model was suggested by Potts in the course of his study above , and uses a simpler Hamiltonian , given by :
where is the Kronecker delta , which equals one whenever and zero otherwise .
The standard Potts model is equivalent to the Ising model and the 2-state vector Potts model , with . The standard Potts model is equivalent to the three-state vector Potts model , with .
A common generalization is to introduce an external `` magnetic field '' term , and moving the parameters inside the sums and allowing them to vary across the model :
where the inverse temperature , the Boltzmann constant and the temperature .
Different papers may adopt slightly different conventions , which can alter and the associated partition function by additive or multiplicative constants .
Physical properties
Phase transitions
Despite its simplicity as a model of a physical system , the Potts model is useful as a model system for the study of phase transitions . For example , for the standard ferromagnetic Potts model in , a phase transition exists for all real values , with the critical point at . The phase transition is continuous for and discontinuous for .
For the clock model , there is evidence that the corresponding phase transitions are infinite order BKT transitions , and a continuous phase transition is observed when . Further use is found through the model 's relation to percolation problems and the Tutte and chromatic polynomials found in combinatorics . For integer values of , the model displays the phenomenon of 'interfacial adsorption ' with intriguing critical wetting properties when fixing opposite boundaries in two different states .
Relation with the random cluster model
The Potts model has a close relation to the Fortuin-Kasteleyn random cluster model , another model in statistical mechanics . Understanding this relationship has helped develop efficient Markov chain Monte Carlo methods for numerical exploration of the model at small , and led to the rigorous proof of the critical temperature of the model .
At the level of the partition function , the relation amounts to transforming the sum over spin configurations into a sum over edge configurations i.e . sets of nearest neighbor pairs of the same color . The transformation is done using the identity with . This leads to rewriting the partition function as
where the clusters are the connected components of the union of closed segments . This is proportional to the partition function of the random cluster model with the open edge probability . An advantage of the random cluster formulation is that can be an arbitrary complex number , rather than a natural integer .
Measure-theoretic description
The one dimensional Potts model may be expressed in terms of a subshift of finite type , and thus gains access to all of the mathematical techniques associated with this formalism . In particular , it can be solved exactly using the techniques of transfer operators . ( However , Ernst Ising used combinatorial methods to solve the Ising model , which is the `` ancestor '' of the Potts model , in his 1924 PhD thesis ) . This section develops the mathematical formalism , based on measure theory , behind this solution .
While the example below is developed for the one-dimensional case , many of the arguments , and almost all of the notation , generalizes easily to any number of dimensions . Some of the formalism is also broad enough to handle related models , such as the XY model , the Heisenberg model and the N-vector model .
Topology of the space of states
Let Q = { 1 , ... , q } be a finite set of symbols , and let
be the set of all bi-infinite strings of values from the set Q . This set is called a full shift . For defining the Potts model , either this whole space , or a certain subset of it , a subshift of finite type , may be used . Shifts get this name because there exists a natural operator on this space , the shift operator τ : QZ → QZ , acting as
This set has a natural product topology ; the base for this topology are the cylinder sets
that is , the set of all possible strings where k+1 spins match up exactly to a given , specific set of values ξ0 , ... , ξk . Explicit representations for the cylinder sets can be gotten by noting that the string of values corresponds to a q-adic number , however the natural topology of the q-adic numbers is finer than the above product topology .
Interaction energy
The interaction between the spins is then given by a continuous function V : QZ → R on this topology . Any continuous function will do ; for example
will be seen to describe the interaction between nearest neighbors . Of course , different functions give different interactions ; so a function of s0 , s1 and s2 will describe a next-nearest neighbor interaction . A function V gives interaction energy between a set of spins ; it is not the Hamiltonian , but is used to build it . The argument to the function V is an element s ∈ QZ , that is , an infinite string of spins . In the above example , the function V just picked out two spins out of the infinite string : the values s0 and s1 . In general , the function V may depend on some or all of the spins ; currently , only those that depend on a finite number are exactly solvable .
Define the function Hn : QZ → R as
This function can be seen to consist of two parts : the self-energy of a configuration [ s0 , s1 , ... , sn ] of spins , plus the interaction energy of this set and all the other spins in the lattice . The n → ∞ limit of this function is the Hamiltonian of the system ; for finite n , these are sometimes called the finite state Hamiltonians .
Partition function and measure
The corresponding finite-state partition function is given by
with C0 being the cylinder sets defined above . Here , β = 1/kT , where k is Boltzmann 's constant , and T is the temperature . It is very common in mathematical treatments to set β = 1 , as it is easily regained by rescaling the interaction energy . This partition function is written as a function of the interaction V to emphasize that it is only a function of the interaction , and not of any specific configuration of spins . The partition function , together with the Hamiltonian , are used to define a measure on the Borel σ-algebra in the following way : The measure of a cylinder set , i.e . an element of the base , is given by
One can then extend by countable additivity to the full σ-algebra . This measure is a probability measure ; it gives the likelihood of a given configuration occurring in the configuration space QZ . By endowing the configuration space with a probability measure built from a Hamiltonian in this way , the configuration space turns into a canonical ensemble .
Most thermodynamic properties can be expressed directly in terms of the partition function . Thus , for example , the Helmholtz free energy is given by
Another important related quantity is the topological pressure , defined as
which will show up as the logarithm of the leading eigenvalue of the transfer operator of the solution .
Free field solution
The simplest model is the model where there is no interaction at all , and so V = c and Hn = c ( with c constant and independent of any spin configuration ) . The partition function becomes
If all states are allowed , that is , the underlying set of states is given by a full shift , then the sum may be trivially evaluated as
If neighboring spins are only allowed in certain specific configurations , then the state space is given by a subshift of finite type . The partition function may then be written as
where card is the cardinality or count of a set , and Fix is the set of fixed points of the iterated shift function :
The q × q matrix A is the adjacency matrix specifying which neighboring spin values are allowed .
Interacting model
The simplest case of the interacting model is the Ising model , where the spin can only take on one of two values , sn ∈ { −1 , 1 } and only nearest neighbor spins interact . The interaction potential is given by
This potential can be captured in a 2 × 2 matrix with matrix elements
with the index σ , σ′ ∈ { −1 , 1 } . The partition function is then given by
The general solution for an arbitrary number of spins , and an arbitrary finite-range interaction , is given by the same general form . In this case , the precise expression for the matrix M is a bit more complex .
The goal of solving a model such as the Potts model is to give an exact closed-form expression for the partition function and an expression for the Gibbs states or equilibrium states in the limit of n → ∞ , the thermodynamic limit .
Applications
Signal and image processing
The Potts model has applications in signal reconstruction . Assume that we are given noisy observation of a piecewise constant signal g in Rn . To recover g from the noisy observation vector f in Rn , one seeks a minimizer of the corresponding inverse problem , the Lp-Potts functional Pγ ( u ) which is defined by
The jump penalty forces piecewise constant solutions and the data term couples the minimizing candidate u to the data f. The parameter γ > 0 controls the tradeoff between regularity and data fidelity . There are fast algorithms for the exact minimization of the L1 and the L2-Potts functional .
In image processing , the Potts functional is related to the segmentation problem . However , in two dimensions the problem is NP-hard .
See also
Random cluster model
Square-lattice Ising model
Minimal models
Z N model
References
External links
Spin models
Exactly solvable models
Statistical mechanics
Lattice models
Andrzejówka ( , Andriyivka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mircze , within Hrubieszów County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine . It lies approximately west of Mircze , south of Hrubieszów , and south-east of the regional capital Lublin .
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
Vaijantha , was the childhood home of J. R. Jayewardene former President of Sri Lanka in Colombo , Sri Lanka . Today it houses the J.R. Jayewardene Centre
It was built by Jayewardene 's father Hon . Justice Eugene Wilfred Jayewardene KC , a Chief Justice of Ceylon . J. R. Jayewardene and his wife Elina moved into their own house Braemar in 1938 . In 1988 , the J.R Jayewardene Memorial Centre was established by the J.R Jayewardene Centre Act No . 77 of 1988 by Parliament at Vaijantha . It serves as the archive for J.R Jayewardene 's personal library and papers as well as papers , records from the Presidential Secretariat and gifts he received in his tenure as President .
See also
Braemar , Colombo
President 's House , Colombo
Presidential library
References
Buildings and structures in Colombo
J. R. Jayewardene
Darrel Wayne Akerfelds ( June 12 , 1962 – June 24 , 2012 ) was a professional baseball pitcher . He also served as the bullpen coach of Major League Baseball 's San Diego Padres , from until his death . He also pitched in the major leagues in parts of five seasons from to for the Oakland Athletics , Cleveland Indians , Texas Rangers , and Philadelphia Phillies .
Early life and career
Akerfelds graduated in 1980 from Columbine High School in Littleton , Colorado , and played baseball at the University of Arkansas and Mesa State College .
He was drafted by the Seattle Mariners in the first round with the seventh overall pick in the 1983 Major League Baseball Draft . Just over five months later , he was traded to Oakland , with whom he made his major league debut in 1986 . He appeared in two games for the A 's before being traded to the Indians in July 1987 . He spent much of the 1987 season in Cleveland , appearing in 16 games , 13 as a starter , with a win–loss record of 2–6 and a 6.75 ERA . After spending all of in the minor leagues , he was removed from the 40-man roster , then selected in the Rule 5 draft by the Texas Rangers .
After spending most of in the minor leagues , Akerfelds was on the move again . This time , his contract was purchased from Texas by the Philadelphia Phillies . Akerfelds ' only full season in the majors came in 1990 . He appeared in 71 games for the Phillies , all in relief . He had a 5–2 record with three saves and an ERA of 3.77 .
Later career
Akerfelds started 1991 in the majors , but his ERA rose to 5.26 , and he was returned to the minor leagues in July , where he was converted back into a starter . He started eleven games for the Scranton/Wilkes-Barre Red Barons , but his ERA rose to 6.32 at AAA . He was allowed to become a free agent after the season . After being signed by the Baltimore Orioles to start the season , Akerfelds spent another few seasons in the minors , finishing his career in the California Angels ' farm system in without returning to the majors .
After his retirement as a player , Akerfelds spent eleven years as bullpen coach for the San Diego Padres .
Illness and death
In 2011 , Akerfelds was revealed to be suffering from pancreatic cancer . Akerfelds died in Phoenix , Arizona , on June 24 , 2012 , from complications of the disease .
References
External links
, or CPBL
Darrel Akerfelds at SABR ( Baseball BioProject )
1962 births
2012 deaths
American expatriate baseball players in Canada
American expatriate baseball players in Taiwan
Arkansas Razorbacks baseball players
Baseball players from Denver
Bellingham Mariners players
Buffalo Bisons ( minor league ) players
Cleveland Indians players
Colorado Mesa Mavericks baseball players
Colorado Springs Sky Sox players
Columbine High School alumni
Deaths from cancer in Arizona
Deaths from pancreatic cancer
Madison Muskies players
Major League Baseball bullpen coaches
Major League Baseball pitchers
Midland Angels players
Oakland Athletics players
Oklahoma City 89ers players
Philadelphia Phillies players
San Diego Padres coaches
Scranton/Wilkes-Barre Red Barons players
Syracuse Chiefs players
Tacoma Tigers players
Texas Rangers players
Vancouver Canadians players
Wei Chuan Dragons players
Aymaratherium is an extinct genus of nothrotheriid ground sloths that lived during the Late Miocene and Early Pliocene of Bolivia . Fossils of Aymaratherium have been found in the Pomata Ayte locality of the Umala Formation .
Etymology
The genus name , Aymaratherium , is derived from the Aymara , a native ethnic group and language from the Andes , and therion , meaning `` beast '' . The specific name honors Jean Joinville Vacher , for his friendship and constant support for palaeontological investigations over the years .
Discovery
Aymaratherium was first described in 2016 on the basis of a nearly complete right dentary ( specimen MNHN-Bol-V 008954 ) , which was made of the holotype . In addition , three complete humeri ( MNHN-Bol-V 003789 , 012874 and 012875 ) , a right astragalus ( MNHN-Bol-V 012983 ) , and a complete right calcaneus ( MNHN-Bol-V 003307 ) have also been assigned to the genus . The locality of the holotype was recovered from the Pomata-Ayte locality , in the Umala Formation , which is considered to be Early Pliocene in age , and is situated at the Oruro Department in Carangas Province near the city of the same name . Other vertebrate fauna found at the locality include the macraucheniid litoptern Macrauchenia sp. , the toxodontid notoungulate Posnanskytherium , several xenarthrans such as the sloths Simomylodon uccasamamensis Megatherium altiplanicum , and the pampatheriid cingulate Plaina .
Description
Aymaratherium is a small to medium-sized nothrotheriid that was of similar size to Nothrotherium and Thalassocnus . According to Pujos et al . ( 2016 ) , Aymaratherium was diagnosed under the autapomorphies ; the presence of lower dentition consisting of a single small caniniform and three large molariform teeth , the absence of a diastema between c1 and m1 , a very high hypsodonty index , which is also seen in Megatherium and Megalonyx , and a deep buccinator fossa and extremely thin dorsal margin of the spout . The molariform teeth of the type are mesially convex and the most mesial tooth closely approaches the dorsolateral margin of the mandible meaning that the individual was an adult or subadult at the time of its death .
Classification
The 2016 study that described Aymaratherium recovers it as a derived nothrotheriid , within the subfamily Nothrotheriinae , as the sister taxon to the tribe Nothrotheriini . Below is a parsimony tree establishing the relationships between the genera of the Nothrotheriidae , as proposed by Pujos et al , 2016 .
References
Prehistoric sloths
Prehistoric placental genera
Miocene xenarthrans
Pliocene xenarthrans
Miocene mammals of South America
Pliocene mammals of South America
Neogene Bolivia
Fossils of Bolivia
Huayquerian
Montehermosan
Fossil taxa described in 2016
CMLL Super Viernes is professional wrestling promotion Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre 's ( CMLL ) Friday night wrestling show that takes place in Arena México every Friday night unless a Pay-Per-View or a major wrestling event is scheduled to take place on that night . CMLL began holding their weekly Friday night `` Super Viernes '' shows as far back as 1938 , with 2010 continuing the trend . Some of the matches from Super Viernes are taped for CMLL 's weekly shows that air in Mexico the week following the Super Viernes show . CMLL presented 46 Super Viernes shows during 2009 , originally scheduled to be 48 but the Swine Influenza epidemic of 2009 forced the cancellation of two shows , one in April and one in May . During the year Super Viernes was replaced by the 2009 Homenaje a Dos Leyendas , Infierno en el Ring , CMLL 76th Anniversary Show and Sin Salida .
Super Viernes hosted both the first ever Campeon Universal tournament and the 2009 version of the Torneo Gran Alternativa . 2009 saw Super Viernes host eight championship matches in total , with only two title changes . The two title changes both occurred in January , 2009 as the CMLL World Tag Team Championship and the Mexican National Women 's Championship changed hands .
The shows featured 298 matches in total , 259 for the male division , 20 featuring the female division and 19 featuring the Mini-Estrellas . In 2009 129 different wrestlers appeared in matches during CMLL 's Super Viernes shows . Of those 129 wrestlers 14 were Mini-Estrellas and 16 were women . Héctor Garza and Místico wrestled on 31 shows in total , the most of any individual wrestler , which meant they appeared on 67,3 % of all the shows . La Amapola was the woman most often featured on Super Viernes with 13 matches , appearing in 65 % of the women 's matches booked for Super Viernes . Mascarita Dorada was the Mini-Estrella who had the most appearances , wrestling 12 times in total , or in 63,1 % of all Mini-Estrella matches . Astral , Pequeno Ninja , Mima Shimoda , Rosa Negra , Star Fire . As Jr. , Bronco , Cholo , Nitro , Police Man , Rene Guajardo Jr. and Camaleon all wrestled only on one Super Viernes during 2009 .
Super Viernes shows of 2009
Notes
References
2009 in professional wrestling
Professional wrestling-related lists
2009
Frederik Ferdinand Samuelsen ( 1865–1929 ) was a member of the Danish Rigsdag , a member of the city council in Aarhus , Denmark , and a convert to The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints ( LDS Church ) who later immigrated to the United States .
Samuelsen was born in Copenhagen . Samuelsen was trained as a locksmith and machinist . In 1889 he moved to Aarhus . In 1890 he married Marie Marianne Florentine Jensen . They eventually had five children . In 1892 Samuelsen and his wife joined the LDS Church .
From 1900 to 1917 Samuelsen served as a member of the Aarhus City council . From 1906 to 1918 he served for several terms as a member of the Rigsdag . His election was opposed by the local Lutheran clergy due to his religious beliefs . Samuelsen was the first Latter-day Saint to serve in a national legislature besides that of the United States .
In 1908 , Samuelsen managed to get included in the funeral regulation law allowances for Mormon elders to conduct funerals and even to do so in the funeral chapels . In 1912 , he vocally spoke out against planned bans on Mormon missionaries in Denmark and was successful in getting it stopped . Then in 1913 , by his bold challenging of the false claims that Mormon missionaries were part of the trade of white slavery , he got those accusations halted as well .
During the First World War , Samuelsen served as president of the Aarhus District of the LDS Church . In 1919 , Samuelsen was released as president of the Aarhus District and moved to Utah , where he settled in Salt Lake City .
Sources
Andrew Jenson , Latter-day Saint Biographical Encyclopedia , vol . 3 , p. 707
1865 births
Converts to Mormonism
Danish leaders of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
Locksmiths
People from Copenhagen
People from Aarhus
Politicians from Salt Lake City
Danish emigrants to the United States
1929 deaths
Members of the Folketing
Thais Reiss de Araújo ( born 9 December 1999 ) is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Orlando Pride in the National Women 's Soccer League and has been capped internationally for Brazil at youth level .
Early life
Born in Curitiba , Brazil , Reiss attended Marista Santa Maria high school and captained the school 's football team for four years . She played club football with Coritiba , winning five youth championships .
North Florida Ospreys
In 2017 , Reiss emigrated to the United States to study for a degree in sport management at the University of North Florida . She played five seasons of college soccer for the North Florida Ospreys , scoring 42 goals and 18 assists in 77 career appearances . Reiss was named ASUN Conference Freshman of the Year in 2017 , ASUN Player of the Year in 2020 , and earned ASUN All-Conference first-team honours four times . At the time of her departure she ranked second all-time in school history and 10th in ASUN Conference history for goals .
Club career
Orlando Pride
Having gone undrafted in the 2022 NWSL Draft , Reiss trialled with Orlando Pride for preseason ahead of the 2022 season . She continued to train with the team and eventually signed a contract for the remainder of the season on July 11 , 2022 . She made her professional debut the following day as an 82nd-minute substitute in a 1–0 defeat away at Chicago Red Stars in the first game under interim head coach Seb Hines .
International career
In 2016 , Reiss was a member of the Brazil under-17 squad at the 2016 FIFA U-17 Women 's World Cup , playing the full 90 minutes of a group stage win over Nigeria . In 2018 , she was called up to the Brazil under-20 squad for the 2018 FIFA U-20 Women 's World Cup and played in all three group games . Brazil failed to progress from the group stage in both tournaments .
Career statistics
College
Club
.
Honours
Individual
ASUN Conference Freshman of the Year : 2017
ASUN Conference Player of the Year : 2020
References
External links
North Florida Ospreys
Due the COVID-19 pandemic , the NCAA postponed the 2020 season to spring of 2021 .
1999 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Curitiba
Brazilian women 's footballers
Women 's association football midfielders
North Florida Ospreys women 's soccer players
Orlando Pride players
National Women 's Soccer League players
Brazilian expatriate women 's footballers
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Expatriate women 's soccer players in the United States
Nicholas Joseph Clayton ( November 1 , 1840 in Cloyne , County Cork – December 9 , 1916 ) was a prominent Victorian era architect in Galveston , Texas . Clayton constructed many grand religious and public buildings in Galveston including the First Presbyterian Church ( Galveston , Texas ) . He is also credited as the architect of Sacred Heart Catholic Church ( Tampa , Florida ) and of the Main Building of St. Edward 's University in Austin , Texas . He also designed an addition to St. Mary Cathedral in Galveston .
Works
Gallery
References
Further reading
External links
Photos of Clayton 's work
19th-century Irish people
1840 births
1916 deaths
Irish architects
19th-century American architects
People from Galveston , Texas
Architects of Roman Catholic churches
20th-century American architects
Architects from Texas
People from County Cork
Irish emigrants to the United States ( before 1923 )
Catholics from Texas
The 1995 Senior PGA Tour was the 16th season since the Senior PGA Tour officially began in 1980 ( it was renamed the Champions Tour in 2003 and PGA Tour Champions in 2016 ) . The season consisted of 38 official money events with purses totalling $ 33,650,000 , including four majors . Jim Colbert and Bob Murphy won the most tournaments , four . The tournament results , leaders , and award winners are listed below .
Tournament results
The following table shows all the official money events for the 1995 season . `` Date '' is the ending date of the tournament . The numbers in parentheses after the winners ' names are the number of wins they had on the tour up to and including that event . Senior majors are shown in bold .
Source :
Leaders
Scoring Average leaders
Source :
Money List leaders
Source :
Career Money List leaders
Source :
Awards
See also
Champions Tour awards
Champions Tour records
References
External links
PGA Tour Champions official site
PGA Tour Champions seasons
Senior PGA Tour
Short circuit ratio or SCR is a measure of the stability of an electromechanical generator . It is the ratio of field current required to produce rated armature voltage at open circuit to the field current required to produce the rated armature current at short circuit .
The SCR can be calculated for each point on a grid . Where the SCR is above 1 , a grid has good grid strength and will be less subject to variations in frequency and can provide more short circuit current .
Generator SCR
The larger the SCR , the smaller is alternator reactance ( Xd ) and inductance Ld . This is result of larger air gaps in generator design ( As in Hydro generators or Salient Pole Machines ) . It results in to Machine loosely coupled to grid and its response will be slow . This increases the machines ' stability while operating on grid , but simultaneously will increase the short circuit current delivery capability of the machine ( higher short circuit current ) and subsequently higher machine size and its cost . Typical values of SCR for Hydro alternators may be in the range of 1 to 1.5 .
Conversely , smaller the SCR , then larger is alternators reactance ( Xd ) , the larger is Ld . It is a result of small air gaps in machine design ( As in Turbo generators or Cylindrical rotor Machines ) . Machines are tightly coupled to grid and their response will be fast . This reduces the machine 's stability while operating on grid and will reduce the short circuit current delivery capability ( lower short circuit current ) , smaller machine size , and lower cost subsequently . Typical values of SCR for turbo alternators may be in the range of 0.45 to 0.9 .
Impact on grid
The SCR can be calculated for each point on an electrical grid . A point on a grid having number of machines with an SCR above a number between 1 and 1.5 has less vulnerability to voltage instability . Hence , such grid is known strong grid or power system . A power system ( grid ) having lower SCR has more vulnerability to grid voltage instability . Hence such a grid or system is known as a weak grid or a weak power system .
Grid strength can be increased by installing synchronous condensers .
See also
Transformer
Alternator
Synchronous motor
References
Electromechanical engineering
Alex Bars ( born September 8 , 1995 ) is an American football offensive guard for the Las Vegas Raiders of the National Football League ( NFL ) . He played college football at Notre Dame and was originally signed as an undrafted free agent by the Chicago Bears following the 2019 NFL Draft .
College career
Bars was a member of the Notre Dame Fighting Irish for five seasons . He spent his freshman year on the scout team before playing in six games with two starts as a sophomore . He started all 12 of Notre Dame 's games at right tackle as a junior and all 13 games of his senior year at left guard . Bars returned as a graduate student for a fifth season of NCAA eligibility and was named a preseason All-American by the Sporting News , but tore his MCL and ACL five games into the season against Stanford . Over the course of his college career , Bars played in 36 games with 32 starts .
Professional career
Chicago Bears
Bars signed with the Chicago Bears as an undrafted free agent on May 2 , 2019 . Bars was waived at the end of training camp during final roster cuts , but was re-signed to the team 's practice squad on September 1 , 2019 . The Bears promoted Bars to the active roster on October 15 , 2019 . He made his NFL debut on November 28 , 2019 , against the Detroit Lions . Bars played in five games during his rookie season .
Bars made his first career start on November 8 , 2020 , in a 17-24 loss to the Tennessee Titans , lining up at center despite having never played the position and playing all 77 of the Bears ' offensive snaps with one botched snap . Bars played in all 16 regular season games and started the last eight with one start at center , one start at left guard and six starts at right guard . He signed a contract extension with the team on March 3 , 2021 .
Las Vegas Raiders
On March 27 , 2022 Bars signed a one-year contract with the Las Vegas Raiders . He was waived on August 30 , 2022 . On September 6 , 2022 , Bars was signed to the practice squad . On September 17 , 2022 , Bars was elevated to the active roster for the week 2 ' game against the Arizona Cardinals .
References
External links
Notre Dame Fighting Irish bio
Chicago Bears bio
1995 births
Living people
Players of American football from Nashville , Tennessee
American football offensive guards
Notre Dame Fighting Irish football players
Chicago Bears players
Las Vegas Raiders players
Omnigeneity ( sometimes also called omnigenity ) is a property of a magnetic field inside a magnetic confinement fusion reactor . Such a magnetic field is called omnigenous if the path a single particle takes does not drift radially inwards or outwards on average . A particle is then confined to stay on a flux surface . All tokamaks are exactly omnigenous by virtue of their axisymmetry , and conversely an unoptimized stellarator is generally not omnigenous .
Because an exactly omnigenous reactor has no neoclassical transport ( in the collisionless limit ) , stellarators are usually optimized in a way such that this criterion is met . One way to achieve this is by making the magnetic field quasi-symmetric , and the Helically Symmetric eXperiment takes this approach . One can also achieve this property without quasi-symmetry , and Wendelstein 7-X is an example of a device which is close to omnigeneity without being quasi-symmetric .
Theory
The drifting of particles across flux surfaces is generally only a problem for trapped particles , which are trapped in a magnetic mirror . Untrapped ( or passing ) particles , which can circulate freely around the flux surface , are automatically confined to stay on a flux surface . For trapped particles , omnigeneity relates closely to the second adiabatic invariant ( often called the parallel or longitudinal invariant ) .
One can show that the radial drift a particle experiences after one full bounce motion is simply related to a derivative of , where is the charge of the particle , is the magnetic field line label , and is the total radial drift expressed as a difference in toroidal flux . With this relation , omnigeneity can be expressed as the criterion that the second adiabatic invariant should be the same for all the magnetic field lines on a flux surface , This criterion is exactly met in axisymmetric systems , as the derivative with respect to can be expressed as a derivative with respect to the toroidal angle ( under which the system is invariant ) .
References
Fusion reactors
Electromagnetism
The lake freighter MV Saginaw was launched as John J. Boland in 1953 , the third vessel to bear that name . John J. Boland was owned and operated by the American Steamship Company and constructed by Manitowoc Shipbuilding Company at Manitowoc , Wisconsin . In 1999 , the ship was sold to Lower Lakes Towing and renamed Saginaw . The ship is currently in service .
Description
As built the lake freighter was long overall and between perpendiculars with a beam of . The ship had a depth of hull of and a mid-summer draught of . The ship was and at construction with a capacity of . Using heavy fuel oil , the vessel was powered by two Foster-Wheeler water tube boilers providing steam to a De Laval cross compound steam turbine driving one shaft rated at . The ship was designed for the stone trade and is equipped with a discharge boom that can be swung 120 degrees to port or starboard . The boom is used to unload the vessel 's cargo .
In 1986 a bow thruster was installed . In 2007 , her turbine was replaced by a MaK 6M43C 6-cylinder diesel engine , generating . The vessel 's tonnages were adjusted , with the ship being and .
Construction and career
John J. Boland , yard number 417 was one of three self-unloading bulk carriers built by Manitowoc Shipbuilding Company at Manitowoc , Wisconsin . The vessel is notable as one of only three self-unloading ships constructed on the Great Lakes in the 1950s . Her namesake John James Boland , was a co-founder of Boland & Cornelius , the precursor to American Steamship Company , the owners and operators of the vessel . The vessel was launched on 9 May 1953 and completed in September of that year , registered in Buffalo , New York . John J. Boland was used mostly to transport stone and ore cargoes around the Great Lakes . On 16 December 1973 , the vessel 's boom collapsed onto the dock of the Pulliam Bay Power Plant at Green Bay , Wisconsin . Faulty support cables were determined to be the cause , and the vessel 's boom was replaced in March 1974 .
By the 1980s the ship had become among the oldest operated by American Steamship Company and was idle for eight years until returned to operation on 22 April 1992 when John J. Boland departed Superior , Wisconsin for Marquette , Michigan . The vessel 's cabins had been remodeled and the instruments upgraded . In December 1998 , John J. Boland was laid up again and the American Steamship Company did not intend to sail the vessel the following year .
In 1999 , she was sold to Lower Lakes Towing , and renamed Saginaw . Two earlier vessels have been named Saginaw , after the Saginaw River . The vessel 's registration was changed to Nanticoke , Ontario and the ship was taken to Government Dock at Sarnia , Ontario to undergo a refit . Upon return to service in December 1999 , Saginaw now carried cargoes of stone , aggregates , coal , wheat , or salt . On 6 December 2002 , Saginaws rudder was damaged in a turn in the Welland Canal . The vessel was repaired at Heddle Marine in Hamilton , Ontario . On 4 April 2003 the bulk carrier became stuck in ice outside Marquette and was not freed until three days later by the Canadian Coast Guard icebreaker .
In 2007 , the ship underwent a refit that included swapping out her steam turbine for a diesel engine . The vessel returned to service in June 2008 . On 31 December 2011 , Saginaw suffered a second boom collapse , this time while loading coal at Thunder Bay , Ontario . The vessel was repaired at Thunder Bay before completing her journey to Sault Ste . Marie , Ontario .
References
References cited
External links
1953 ships
Great Lakes freighters
Ships built in Manitowoc , Wisconsin
Finn Hill is a summit in New York in Annsville , Oneida County , north of Taberg .
References
Mountains of Oneida County , New York
Mountains of New York ( state )
Michael David Lincoln Chowen CBE DL is a British businessman and philanthropist .
Michael Chowen studied civil engineering at Birmingham University from 1958 to 1961 . Chowen was the founder of Sussex Stationers . He has donated to a number of educational organisations including to the University of Brighton to set up a research project to reduce greenhouse gases . Chowen was awarded the honorary degree of Doctor of Science by the University of Brighton for his philanthropic activities in education . He was awarded the honorary degree of Doctor of the University by the University of Sussex . He was appointed a Commander of the Order of the British Empire ( CBE ) in the 2015 New Year Honours for charitable services . He is a Deputy Lieutenant of East Sussex for the Brighton and Hove area .
References
Alumni of the University of Birmingham
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
Deputy Lieutenants of East Sussex
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Kiten ( ) is a seaside resort town on the Bulgarian Black Sea Coast , part of Burgas Province . It is situated on the small Urdoviza peninsula , near the mouth of the Kiten River , and has two beaches : Atliman and Urdoviza .
Until the Balkan Wars in 1912–1913 , there was only an unmanned pier used to export wood and charcoal on the site . Kiten was founded in 1931 by 30 families of Bulgarian refugees from Eastern Thrace who resettled there from the newly founded refugee village of Fazanovo . However , the area has roots from antiquity , as amphoras from the 6th century BCE were found on the south beach ( Urdoviza ) . Kiten was declared a national resort in 1962 , and since 1981 it had been administratively a quarter of nearby Primorsko . On 17 June 2005 the former village was proclaimed a separate town in order to more effectively cope with the growing number of tourists , primarily from Bulgaria , Romania , Czech Republic , Slovakia , Poland , Serbia , Russia and Germany .
Geography
The town of Kiten is located in the southeastern part of the Republic of Bulgaria , on the Black Sea coast , 53 km southeast of the regional center of Bourgas , 6 km south of the municipal center of Primorsko and 12 km northwest of the center of the neighboring municipality of Tsarevo . It is located north of the mouth of the Kitenska River , and part of it - on the small peninsula Urdoviza .
The main features of the relief in Kiten , which are of paramount importance for tourism , are the beaches and the two picturesque bays - Karaagach and Konnik , better known as Atliman . There are other beautiful small bays along the Strandzha coast ( Sozopol , Kavatsite , Stomoplo ) , but each of them has its own conditions and charm . The combination of the forested branches of Strandzha and the sea contributes to this .
The beaches are perhaps the main natural resource that determines the development of Kiten as a resort and as a center for summer sea recreation . The town of Kiten has two sandy beaches with a total area of about 145,000 m2 . The northern beach or `` Kiten-Atliman '' is located at the bottom of the bay of the same name . It has an area of about 81,000 m2 , which includes beautiful sand dunes . On both sides the beach is surrounded by a high rocky shore . The southern beach is conditionally divided into two - `` Kiten-South '' beach and `` Camping Kiten '' beach . It is located on the Gulf of Urdoviza , which is more open to the sea . The length of its coastline is 1380 m. To the south it reaches the mouth of the Karaagach River , and to the north to the beginning of the rocky Urdoviza peninsula , where the port quay is now built . Near Kiten are the beaches of MMC - `` Primorsko '' and `` Primorsko-South '' , which are among the largest beaches on the Black Sea coast south of Bourgas .
Kiten has a mild , sunny , warm and humid transitional Mediterranean climate . The average annual temperature is 12 ° C and the average January temperature does not fall below 2 ° C. In Kiten there are no frosts typical for the interior of Strandzha in winter . The average daily temperature in summer is 27 ° C , and it is warm with about 1700 hours of sunshine from May to October . The prevailing winds are northwest , as well as breeze circulation during the warm half of the year . The good climatic conditions , combined with the peculiarities of the relief - the closed bays , suggest a calm sea during most of the summer season . Unfavorable are the strong rain and thunderstorms at the end of the summer season , usually in late August and September . The resort is located on the Black Sea coast , which is in itself a closed sea - its only connection to the World Ocean is the Bosphorus Strait , which connects it to the Sea of Marmara . This determines its low salinity , which is due to the large European rivers Danube , Dnieper , Dniester and Don flowing into it . The 18 per mille salinity distinguishes the Black Sea from all other seas , as well as the weak tides and the lack of dangerous marine life . These conditions provide excellent prerequisites for the development of summer sea tourism on the shores of this water basin , as well as other recreational activities such as water sports , fishing , etc .
Kiten is located on a small peninsula between the two small Black Sea bays Karaagach and Konnik ( the latter is the southernmost part of the Devil 's Bay ) . The rivers Karaagach , or also called Kitenska river , and Dyavolska river flow into them , respectively . In both rivers there are rivers and swamp mullet , black barbel , white fish . There is also a mineral spring in the resort , which is located near the Atliman campsite . The water comes from a depth of about 700 m. It is canalized and has an established chemical composition ( nitrates , chlorides - 277 mg / dm3 ) . The water of this spring is used mainly for drinking .
The main plant species that create the appearance and among which is located a large part of the resort are the various species of oak , such as hornbeam , sessile oak , cer , and artificial plantations of white and black pine . Dogwood is also found , and mainly around Karaagach Bay there is significant poplar afforestation . The mouth of the Kitenska River is overgrown with swamp reeds , willow , and along the steep cliff to the South Beach there is a wild vine . From the Strandzha vegetation there are certain species of plants , the growth of which is determined by the climatic influences of the sea tropics , such as the bushy subtropical plant Filirea media , called `` parnar '' , the beautiful evergreen plant Rhododendron ponticum , known as Strandzha periwinkle and others .
Honour
Kiten Point on Graham Land in Antarctica is named after the town .
References
External links
Kiten town council
Web portal of Kiten
Towns in Bulgaria
Seaside resorts in Bulgaria
Populated places in Burgas Province
1931 establishments in Bulgaria
Populated coastal places in Bulgaria
Populated places established in 1931
The Council of the Military Judiciary ( ) , also known as CMM is the self governing body of the Italian military judiciary . The seat of the council is located in , Rome .
History
It was provided for by law no . 561 , establishing the Council of the military judiciary , and the relative implementing regulation , the DPR March 24 , 1989 n. 158 , containing the Implementation Rules of the Law of 30 December 1988 , n. 561 , which established the Military Judicial Council , in order to standardize the military judges to ordinary judges , giving the Council of the Military Judiciary the same powers provided for the High Council of the Judiciary ( Italy ) .
Functions
The council for military magistrates has the same powers as the High Council of the Judiciary . In particular , it provides for recruitment , assignments , transfers , promotions , disciplinary proceedings and any other aspect inherent to the legal status of military magistrates , as well as the conferral of extrajudicial appointments and any other matter attributed to it by law .
In relation to disciplinary proceedings , the Minister of Justice and the Attorney General at the Court of Cassation are replaced , respectively , by the Minister of Defense and the Military Attorney General at the Court of Cassation . The disciplinary procedure against military magistrates is governed by the rules in force for ordinary magistrates . The military attorney general at the Court of Cassation exercises the functions of public prosecutor and does not participate in the deliberations .
Composition
The Council of the Military Judiciary previously comprised :
1 military attorney general at the Court of Cassation , member by right ;
2 lay members appointed , in concert , by the presidents of the two branches of Parliament , chosen from among university professors in law and lawyers with at least fifteen years of professional practice , of which one is elected vice president by the council ; the two components unrelated to the military judiciary can not exercise professional activity likely to interfere with the functions of the military judiciary nor can they exercise professional activities in the interest or on behalf of , or against , the military administration ;
5 military magistrates , one of which with cassation functions , elected by all military magistrates .
Following the law of 24 December 2007 n. 244 , art . 2 , paragraph 604 , and starting from the first elections for the renewal of the Military Judiciary Council and as a result of the law of 3 August 2009 , n. 102 the members of the Board are restated as follows :
1 military attorney general at the Court of Cassation , member by right ;
1 lay member appointed , in concert , by the presidents of the two branches of Parliament , who assumes the functions of vice president of the council ;
2 military magistrates , one of which with cassation functions , elected by all military magistrates .
The legal status of the components
As regards the legal status of non-magistrate members of the council , the provisions relating to the CSM , as applicable , are observed , namely the law of 24 March 1958 , n. 195 , et seq . The economic treatment of these members is established with the Prime Minister 's Decree , on the proposal of the Minister of Defense , in agreement with the Minister of Economy and Finance , having regard to incompatibilities , workloads and allowances of the members of the Council superior of the judiciary elected by parliament .
Current members
President : Giovanni Canzio , First President of the Court of Cassation ;
Vice President : Antonio Scaglione , member designated by the Presidents of the Chamber and the Senate ;
Legal member : Pier Paolo Rivello , Military Attorney General at the Court of Cassation ;
Elected members : Maria Teresa Poli and Bruno Alberto Bruni , magistrates .
References
Judiciary of Italy
Vladimír Hagara ( 7 November 1943 – 24 May 2015 ) was a former Slovak football player . He played for Czechoslovakia national team in 25 matches and scored four goals .
He was a participant at the 1970 FIFA World Cup , where he played in two matches .
Hagara played mostly for Spartak Trnava . At the end of his career played for ZTS Martin .
On 24 May 2015 , Hagara was reported dead at the age of 71 .
References
ČMFS entry
1943 births
Slovak footballers
Czechoslovak footballers
1970 FIFA World Cup players
FC Spartak Trnava players
FC Fastav Zlín players
Czechoslovakia international footballers
People from Piešťany
2015 deaths
Association football defenders
FC Nitra players
During the Syrian Civil War , two battles have occurred in and around the city of al-Qusayr :
The First Battle of al-Qusayr , occurring between February and April 2012 , which ended in a stalemate
The Second Battle of al-Qusayr , part of the 2013 al-Qusayr offensive , in which the Syrian Armed Forces and Hezbollah recaptured the city .
Princess Deoknyeong ( ; d. 15 April 1375 ) was a Yuan Dynasty imperial family member who became a Korean queen consort by her marriage to Chunghye of Goryeo . Following her husband 's deposition in 1344 , she served as regent for their only son , King Chungmok from 1344 to 1348 . She was the third Goryeo queen consorts who came from Yuan dynasty to Goryeo . Her personal name was Borjigin Irenchenppan ( ) .
Biography
Early life
The future Princess Deoknyeong was born in Yuan dynasty with the name Borjigin Irenchenppan ( 보르지긴 이렌첸빤 , 孛兒只斤 亦憐眞班 ) as the daughter of Chopal .
Marriage
In 1330 she married with Chunghye of Goryeo when he was in Yuan and
they later arrived in Goryeo on July in the same year . In Goryeo , the King bestowed the `` Yeongyeong Palace '' ( 연경궁 , 延慶宮 ) as her residence . Then , in 1337 , she gave birth to their first son , the future king Chungmok of Goryeo and also a daughter , Princess Jangnyeong . She followed the Yuan Dynasty custom of marrying Goryeo princes into the family line .
Regency
In 1344 , her husband was deposed and was succeeded by their only son . Due to her son 's minority in , she became his regent and guardian . At the time of her regency , she led the national army and national affairs on behalf of King Chungmok who was still only eight years old . When Chungmok died without left any successor , Chunghye 's other son from Consort Yun ascended the throne as King Chungjeong . Although the new king 's biological mother was Lady Yun , but Princess Deoknyeong also involved to his minority and took part in the political affairs , which the King could n't prevent this and his maternal clan opposed this . Knowing that Yun Si-u ( 윤시우 ) and Bae Jeon ( 배전 ) formed a dominant force those caused the political disturbances , Deoknyeong formally stepped down as a regent in 1348 . Then , in 1350 , the first Japanese Invasion continued and King Chungjeong was dethroned one year later in 1351 .
Later life
Even after the appointment of King Gongmin , she was treated with great hospitality in Goryeo and become the Queen Mother . In 1367 , her homeland gave her the Imperial title as Princess Jeongsunsugui ( 정순숙의공주 , 貞順淑儀公主 ) and she then died on 15 April 1375 while her tomb is `` Gyeongneung Tomb '' ( 경릉 , 頃陵 ) .
In popular culture
Portrayed by Kim Yeo-jin in the 2005–2006 MBC TV series Shin Don .
See also
Goryeo under Mongol rule
References
덕녕공주 on Encykorea .
덕녕공주 on Doosan Encyclopedia .
14th-century Mongolian women
14th-century Korean women
1375 deaths
Mongol consorts of the Goryeo Dynasty
Year of birth unknown
Borjigin
14th-century women rulers
Princesses
Regents of Korea
William J. George ( October 27 , 1929 – September 30 , 1982 ) was an American football player . He played professionally as a linebacker for the Chicago Bears and the Los Angeles Rams of the National Football League ( NFL ) .
George was born in Waynesburg , Pennsylvania , about 50 miles south of Pittsburgh . He is among numerous legendary football players born in football-rich Western Pennsylvania . He attended college at Wake Forest University , and was the Bears ' second-round draft pick in 1951 . He began his pro football career the following year as a middle guard in the then-standard five-man defensive front . He was selected to play in eight consecutive Pro Bowls , from 1954 to 1961 .
George is credited as the first true middle linebacker in football history and , inadvertently , the creator of the 4–3 defense . Noting during a 1954 game with the Philadelphia Eagles that his tendency to hit the center right after the snap led to the quarterback passing right over his head , he began to drop back from the line , not only enabling him to intercept and otherwise disrupt several passes from that game forward but also creating the familiar 4–3 setup ( four linemen and three linebackers ) .
Hall of Famer Art Donovan had this to say about Bill George : `` It 's real hard to make the call , but the best linebacker I 've ever seen play may have been the Bears ' George . He was wild ; he 'd psyche himself up into a frenzy when he played . Then you 'd meet him off the field and he was a completely different guy , another Clark Kent . And he 'd line up anywhere on the field .... Quarterbacks would be going out of their mind looking to find out where the hell Bill George was . ''
In addition to his 18 career interceptions , George also recovered 19 fumbles , and in 1954 scored 25 points on 13 PATs and four field goals . In 1963 , he led the Bears defense when they won the NFL Championship .
George was elected to the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 1974 . The Bears retired his uniform number 61 . Three of his successors as Chicago middle linebackers are also in the Hall of Fame : Dick Butkus ( 1965-73 ) , Mike Singletary ( 1981-92 ) and Brian Urlacher ( 2000-12 ) .
In a 1989 article , in which he named his choices for the best athletes ever to wear each uniform number from 0 to 99 , Sports Illustrated columnist Rick Reilly not only chose George for number 61 , but called him `` the meanest Bear ever , '' no small thing considering the franchise 's long history and reputation for toughness . In 1999 , he was ranked number 49 on The Sporting News '' ' list of the 100 Greatest Football Players . George was killed in an automobile accident in Rockford , Illinois on September 30 , 1982 .
References
Bibliography
Carroll , Bob , Gershman , Michael , Neft , David , and Thorn , John , Total Football II : The Official Encyclopedia of the National Football League , Harper Collins , 1999 , page 822 .
Halas , George , Morgan , Gwen , and Veysey , Arthur , Halas by Halas , McGraw-Hill , 1979 .
Rand , Jonathan , Riddell Presents The Gridiron 's Greatest Linebackers , Sports Publishing , 2003 .
Youmans , Gary and Youmans , Maury , '63 , The Story of the 1963 World Champion Chicago Bears '' , Campbell Road Press , 2004 .
External links
1929 births
1982 deaths
American football linebackers
Chicago Bears players
Los Angeles Rams players
Wake Forest Demon Deacons football players
National Football League players with retired numbers
Pro Football Hall of Fame inductees
Western Conference Pro Bowl players
People from Waynesburg , Pennsylvania
Players of American football from Pennsylvania
Road incident deaths in Illinois
The Acielle was a wooden ketch that was wrecked south of Smoky Cape , New South Wales on 11 September 1929 .
Service history
The Acielle was launched in Tasmania , and sold to Mr Lebbeus Hordern of Sydney , who is credited with first having brought seaplanes to Australian waters . Hordern used the Acielle as a parent ship for his seaplane , and named her after his survey company , ACL ( Aerial Company Limited ) . In 1921 , Hordern purchased another four seaplanes , two Curtiss three-seater 'Seagull ' flying boats , a ten-seater Short twin engined craft , and a Short sporting seaplane . With no expense spared , he equipped the Acielle and set out to complete the first aerial navigation of the entire Australian coastline , covering around 150 miles per day .
Eventually the Acielle was sold on again , and was next used as a pleasure yacht , then refitted by the Australian Iron and Steel Company for a trip to investigate iron ore deposits on the northwest coast of Australia .
Shipwreck event
It was during this expedition , two days out from Sydney en route to Derby , Western Australia , on 11 September 1929 , that the Acielle foundered in a strong southeasterly gale . Her captain , Smith , and the crew of four endeavored to reach the shelter of Trial Bay , New South Wales , but the vessel was overwhelmed by the violent seas , and ran ashore south of Smoky Cape Lighthouse .
The vessel was valued at £2500 and was insured .
Wreck site and wreckage
The Kempsey Heritage Inventory states that the ship 's anchor at the Heritage Hotel of Gladstone , Kempsey , is believed to have come from the Acielle . The anchor is believed to have lain under the sand but was frequently exposed by sea movement . The anchor was dragged from the sand by a member of the Jordan family who is a fisherman at Hat Head . In 1974 , it was transported to Gladstone Hotel ( now renamed to the Heritage Hotel ) and accepted by Jim Tedd , the then publican of Gladstone Hotel . It was placed in the garden of the hotel and remains there .
References
Shipwrecks of the Mid North Coast Region
1908 ships
Maritime incidents in 1929
1901 – World War I ships of Australia
Interwar period ships of Australia
Ketches of Australia
Ships built in Tasmania
Mikołaj Bołtuć ( 21 December 1893 in Saint Petersburg – 22 September 1939 near Łomianki ) was a brigadier-general of the Polish Army , commander of the IV Polish infantry Division during World War II .
He was the son of Ignacy Bołtuć , Russian General of Polish descent , and Anna Bołtuciowa , née Łabuńska , of Rzeczyca .
History
Mikołaj Bołtuć was enlisted in the Russian Kadet officers school in Omsk at age seven .
During World War I Bołtuć served in the Tsarist Army . He fought with distinction in the Finnish Civil War in 1918 . After the Bolshevik Revolution He served as captain in the White Russian army during the Russian Civil War until the evacuation of Odessa , where he commanded the last leaving vessel .
He returned to Poland and joined the Polish military . He commanded units near Kamieniec , Podolski and elsewhere . During the Soviet-Polish war of 1920 he commanded the unit Strzelcy Kaniowscy . Bołtuć , still as a captain , commanded the defense of Zamość . Then he took Wyszków , the location of the puppet government organized by the Bolsheviks .
In the interwar period he worked for the General Command , and later held command functions in Wilno and Toruń . His nomination to the rank of general was held back for several years , in part due to his anti-religious attitude and reservations about Poland 's military spending patterns . He was known for clarity of judgment and leadership skills .
During World War II he commanded an Operation Group ( a unit short of an army ) within the Army Pomorze , the only Polish unit that , for two days , entered German territory ( in East Prussia ) during the September Campaign , withstanding attacks of much larger German forces . Due to the danger of being flanked Boltuc had to withdraw to Modlin . When the Modlin Fortress was able to accept only his officers but not his soldiers , he let his soldiers be demobilized , although most refused to leave . He also encouraged volunteers to go with him to try to sneak through the German siege of Warsaw . According to written family records , leaving home before World War II he said `` This is not the war we are going to win and I am not the kind of soldier who would surrender '' . In the morning of 22 September he was killed in battle of Łomianki from the sniper fire . He was leading the charge . Most of his soldiers are at the Łomianki cemetery near Warsaw . Gen. Boltuc 's tomb , in a form of a field stone , is at the Powązki Military Cemetery in Warsaw .
Sources
Monograph : Generał Mikołaj Bołtuć Wizerunek Żołnierza author : Bohdan Królikowski Nakładem Stawarzyszenia Katolików Wojskowych , Warszawa/Warsaw 1998 .
1893 births
1939 deaths
Military personnel from Omsk
People from Saint Petersburg Governorate
Polish generals
Polish military personnel killed in World War II
Russian military personnel of World War I
Blue Army ( Poland ) personnel
Deaths by firearm in Poland
Charles Elmer Dietrich ( July 30 , 1889 – May 20 , 1942 ) was a Democratic member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania for one term from 1935 to 1937 .
Early life and career
Charles E. Dietrich was born in Tunkhannock , Pennsylvania . He graduated from Wyoming Seminary in Kingston , Pennsylvania , in 1907 .
He owned and operated a theater from 1914 to 1942 . He was engaged in agricultural pursuits from 1924 to 1942 . He served as prothonotary and clerk of the courts of Wyoming County , Pennsylvania , from 1920 to 1935 . He was a delegate to the 1932 Democratic National Convention .
Congress
In 1934 Dietrich defeated disgraced incumbent Louis T. McFadden and was the only Democrat to win the 15th district between 1912 and 1950 . He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1936 .
After Congress
He resumed former business pursuits , and died in Tunkhannock . Interment in Sunnyside Cemetery .
Sources
The Political Graveyard
1889 births
1942 deaths
Pennsylvania prothonotaries
People from Tunkhannock , Pennsylvania
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Pennsylvania
20th-century American politicians
Sea Dogs ( Корсары ) is a 2000 Russian role-playing video game for Microsoft Windows , developed by Akella and published by Bethesda Softworks . In it , the player is the captain of a ship and can serve as a privateer to a European power , or as a pirate . The game uses a custom 3D game engine and includes gameplay similar to Sid Meier 's Pirates ! , while also being a true inter-character dialog-centered RPG .
The game is often credited as one of the first successful Russian games , which had a notable influence on Russian game industry . It was followed by four sequels , one of which was tied in to Disney 's Pirates of the Caribbean franchise .
Plot summary
The player 's character , Nicolas Sharp , was raised by his mother since he was a child . The only memories left of his father are his departure on a ship , as well as a golden medallion he gave him . Nicolas grows , and as his father did before , goes to sea to seek adventures . Soon , he is captured by the Spanish , but manages to escape with a small ship and a crew . He arrives at the central British colony , where he has to start a new life .
Since the game is nonlinear , the player may work for any of the three nations , as well as start a pirate 's career . Searching for his father is always possible , but in order to succeed , the player will need to change his ship 's flags a number of times . This quest will reveal the secrets of the main character 's father 's life story and his death , as well as his legacy .
Development
The game was announced in March 2000 . The game drew inspiration from games like Sid Meier 's Pirates ! .
Critical reception
Samuel Bass reviewed the PC version of the game for Next Generation , rating it four stars out of five , and stated that `` flawed design choices and lack of atmosphere aside , Sea Dogs inarguably remains one of the finest action-trading simulations since the halcyon days of Elite '' .
Sea Dogs received `` average '' reviews according to the review aggregation website Metacritic . IGN was impressed with it , calling it `` one booty call you wo n't want to miss '' . GameSpot was also positive about the game , saying it 's `` an adventure that can be enthralling despite its many problems '' .
Sequels
Sea Dogs has received a number of sequels , most of which do not bear the same English title due to legal reasons . The first sequel , Sea Dogs II , was renamed Pirates of the Caribbean when Disney acquired the game in mid-development . Despite being marketed as a tie-in to Pirates of the Caribbean : The Curse of the Black Pearl , which was released around the same time , it is largely unrelated to the plot elements of that film .
The second sequel , Age of Pirates : Caribbean Tales , is a direct sequel to the original Sea Dogs . The title was changed because Akella wanted to create a brand name that they could control , rather than their publisher .
Two indirect sequels would follow : Age of Pirates 2 : City of Abandoned Ships and Sea Dogs : To Each His Own in 2009 and 2012 , respectively . Caribbean Tales and City of Abandoned Ships would eventually be digitally re-released on GOG and Steam in 2017 under the original Sea Dogs title .
References
External links
2000 video games
1C Company games
Bethesda Softworks games
Naval video games
Open-world video games
Trade simulation games
Ubisoft games
Video games about pirates
Video games developed in Russia
Windows games
Windows-only games
Akella games
Single-player video games
Poraqueiba sericea ( common name : umari ) is a species of tree in the family Metteniusaceae . It is native to South America .
Description
P. sericea trees grow up to 30 m tall and 60 cm dbh . Bark somewhat smooth or rough , dark brown or slightly purple . Leaves broadly elliptic-ovate , coriaceous , 17–24 cm long , 8–15 cm wide , apex acuminate , base rounded . Inflorescence a terminal or axillary panicle , 5–10 cm long , flowers with ovate lanceolate petals 0.3-0.4 mm long . The fruit is a smooth ovoid-oblong drupe , 5–10 cm long , 4–6 cm wide ; it can be yellowish green , orange , dark purple or black when mature .
Distribution and habitat
P. sericea is found in the western and central Amazon rainforest in Venezuela , Colombia , Peru and Brazil .
Uses
The fruit is edible , but the taste may not be good for people unfamiliar with the fruit .
The wood is of medium or somewhat coarse texture ; heavy , compact and durable . It is used for carpentry and fuel .
References
Metteniusaceae
Trees of Brazil
Trees of Colombia
Trees of Ecuador
Trees of Peru
Taxa named by Edmond Tulasne
William Penn High School was a public high school serving grades 9-12 , located at 1333 N Broad St , Philadelphia , Pennsylvania . It was a part of the School District of Philadelphia ( SDP ) .
History
The school opened in 1973 .
In 2009 Penn had 633 students . That year , the school district proposed closing Penn , because its declining enrollment was far below the building capacity and because the building was in poor condition . The district proposed rezoning Penn zone residents who were also in the Clymer School zone to Simon Gratz High School , and it proposed rezoning Penn zoned residents who were also in the zones of Dunbar , Ferguson , Harrison , and Hartranft to Benjamin Franklin High School .
Some individuals opposed to the closing argued that if Penn was closed and its students were moved to Franklin , students would engage in `` turf warfare '' and the abandoned school building would become a haven for criminal activity . The closing was approved .
In 2014 Temple University paid $ 15 million to acquire the Penn site . In February 2015 the Philadelphia City Planning Commission approved the demolition of the school . Demolition began in December 2015 , with demolition of the campus 's east side scheduled to end in February of the following year , and with the west side demolished by the summer of 2016 . Temple planned to install an athletic center on the east side . Athletic activities were scheduled to begin on the former Penn site in October 2016 .
Campus
It was located at a convenient location near Broad and Girard Ave that had local eateries , three major fast food chains , a gas station , a CVS Pharmacy , public transportation to the Girard subway station and two major bus routes . This school sat on a beautiful campus that held five buildings that were all connected by bridges . There were so many students in the school before its rapid decline in enrollment , that street lines were put on the floor of major hallways to control student traffic . One building was divided in half and provided two full sized lunchrooms on the second floor . On the first floor of this building was a childcare facility for students that were parents . On the top floor was a greenhouse .
Penn housed an Olympic sized swimming pool that only went from three to four feet to teach students to swim . There was also a diving pool with a depth of twelve feet for students that were comfortable with swimming . There was a three-story rock wall in the gym where basketball games were held . A ping pong and tennis room and state of the art gym equipment was available to the students .
Structure
Penn had five programs called SLCs ( Small Learning Communities ) . Communications , Masterminds , Arts , Business and Health . Each SLC focused on specific educational requirements . Communications held classes for web design , desktop publishing , photography , television editing , television broadcasting , computer science , newspaper editing , CISCO classes , etc . Penn had a professional television studio and editing software , along with top notch computer labs and a dark room for photography
Art SLC had two huge two-story art rooms with kilns to harden certain art projects . A professional dance studio with a certified teacher that taught various dance art . There was a music room with every musical instrument possible and had certified instructors to teach and lead bands .
Health SLC had various health courses and had special biology , and chemistry classes .
Business SLC had top notch business courses and typing classes .
Masterminds was once an SLC for students that wanted to go into a career in Law and African American studies . In 2001 , it was changed into an SLC to get 9th graders ready for high school life .
There were so many students at one time , the auditorium had to be used one grade or one SLC at a time according to the material being addressed . On the right of the auditorium were separate banquet rooms for award ceremonies and festivals for the students .
This school also had a section specifically for special needs students and they were kept in a safe but open environment for them to learn and grow without being forced to mingle with the other students .
A list of every class that was given to students at its peak in 2004 will be available shortly , including the distinguished classes such as elementary functions . The class of 2004 was the most recent biggest graduating class .
Faculty and students were able to park their cars in the garage located under the school for safe off street parking .
The schools color was black , white and silver with the lion as a mascot . In the fall of 2000 , uniforms were implemented in this school for the first time . Students had to wear black slacks with a white or gray polo shirt and black shoes .
William Penn Exemplary Demonstration High was opened in 1970 . The 1970 plaque on the front of the building housed a time capsule with the hope one day students can view the contents inside .
References
External links
Public high schools in Pennsylvania
Penn , William
High schools in Philadelphia
1973 establishments in Pennsylvania
Defunct schools in Pennsylvania
Templetown , Philadelphia
Demolished buildings and structures in Philadelphia
Buildings and structures demolished in 2015
`` Holy Water '' is a song co-written and recorded by American country music duo Big & Rich . It was released in September 2004 as the third single from debut album Horse of a Different Color . It reached number 15 on the U.S . Billboard Hot Country Songs chart . The song was written by Big Kenny , John Rich , Vicky McGehee and Jeff Cohen .
Content
The duo wrote the song in honor of their sisters , both of whom had been affected by domestic abuse .
Music video
The music video was directed by Deaton-Flanigen Productions and Marc Oswald . It premiered in November 2004 . It first shows an intro , with Rich and Big Kenny 's sisters . The rest of the video is of the duo playing , interspersed with images of women who have - presumably - been victims of abuse .
Personnel
From Horse of a Different Color liner notes .
Big Kenny - vocals
Brian Barnett - drums , tambourine
Mike Johnson - steel guitar
Matt Pierson - bass guitar
John Rich - vocals , acoustic guitar
Michael Rojas - keyboards
Adam Shoenfeld - electric guitar
Jonathan Yudkin - mandolin , strings
Chart positions
`` Holy Water '' debuted at 51 on the U.S Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks for the week of October 2 , 2004 .
References
2004 singles
Big & Rich songs
Songs written by Big Kenny
Songs written by John Rich
Song recordings produced by Paul Worley
Music videos directed by Deaton-Flanigen Productions
Song recordings produced by John Rich
Warner Records singles
Songs written by Vicky McGehee
Songs written by Jeff Cohen ( songwriter )
2004 songs
Yanoama : The Story of Helena Valero , a Girl Kidnapped by Amazonian Indians ( original Italian title Yanoáma : dal racconto di una donna rapita dagli Indi ) is a biography of Helena Valero , a white woman who was captured in the 1930s as a girl by the Kohorochiwetari , a tribe of the Yanomami indigenous people , living in the Amazon rainforest on the border between Venezuela and Brazil . She lived with the Yanomami for about two decades ( variously given as 20 , 22 , or 24 years ) . While living with the Yanoama , Valero married twice and gave birth to four children ( three sons and one daughter ) . She escaped in 1956 to what she refers to as `` the white man '' in the country of her birth . After rejection by her family and living in poverty at a mission , Valero chose to return to life with the Yanomami .
Valero recounted her life 's story to Italian biologist Ettore Biocca , who published the account in 1965 . In the book , Valero tells of life in the forest : hunter-gatherer living in the Amazon ; the customs , lore , rituals , and observances of Yanomami culture ; and the relationships and wars between individuals , families , and tribes . The book includes detailed information about life in several Yanomami tribes .
Its authenticity is accepted by anthropologists .
Compilation
Ettore Biocca , an Italian anthropologist , compiled information about Valero 's experience among the Yanoama from tape recordings he made of Valero between 1962 and 1963 . Biocca used a three-pronged method : asking the same questions , listening to the same stories several times , and comparing each story to the others . He found no inconsistency .
Biocca also published other volumes of Valero 's accounts , which include a great deal of information on the culture of the Yanoama .
Plot summary
Part One ( from kidnapping to living with the Namoeteri )
Helena is a girl of Spanish descent ( `` white girl '' in the book ) , who lives next to a river near the Amazon forest with her family of subsistence farmers . When she is a preadolescent ( between 11 and 13 years old ) , the family is attacked by native warriors ( `` Indians '' in the book ) . She is wounded and captured by one of the Yanoama tribes , and they take her to live with them .
She lives with a tribe called the Shamateri . After accidentally giving poisonous toad eggs to a child , the father wants to kill Helena so she escapes into the forest and subsequently lives there for seven months .
Eventually , she reaches a tribe called the Namoeteri . At first she is not well received . She unintentionally makes the mistake of insulting them , and she believes that her life is in danger . She flees to the forest once again , and is later caught .
Part Two ( life with Fusiwe , headman of the Namoeteri )
Fusiwe , the man who catches Helena , is the headman of the Namoeteri tribe . In time , she falls in love with him and she eventually becomes his third ( out of four ) and second youngest wife . Fusiwe tells her many stories and myths from the Yanoama tradition . Helena also narrates incidents from the war , intrigues , betrayals , and political conflicts of the Yanoama . After the birth of two sons , Fusiwe is killed by an opposing tribe .
Part Three ( from Akawe to `` the white man '' )
After Fusiwe 's death , the opposing tribe plots to kill her sons out of fear that they would grow up and avenge their father 's death . Helena takes them to a distant tribe that was uninvolved with the concerns of the Namoeteri tribe .
After some time she marries again , this time to a man named Akawe . She bears him two children : a boy and a girl . There her life is not consistent , as she and Akawe often move between villages . Akawe also treats her rather poorly .
Her life is under threat again when the tribe that had killed Fusiwe relocates to live near her . That , combined with her husband 's insanity , persuades her to move back among white men .
The last chapter is entitled `` The wicked world of the white man . '' Helena bitterly recounts how nobody takes care of her among the whites , and that she often goes hungry . After a while , Helena decides to return to live with the Yanomami .
References
Bibliography
1965 non-fiction books
Biographies ( books )
Yanomami
Rob Crilly ( born 1973 ) is a British-Irish journalist and author . He is currently the White House correspondent for the Washington Examiner and a former correspondent for the Daily Telegraph .
Education
Crilly was educated at The Judd School , Tonbridge , and read Natural Sciences at Downing College , Cambridge .
Career
Crilly began his career as a sub-editor at the Chester Chronicle before joining the Press and Journal ( Aberdeen ) and then moved to The Herald , where he was Edinburgh bureau chief .
He was East Africa correspondent for The Times , and in 2007 was one of the few British journalists in Khartoum when a teacher , Gillian Gibbons , was arrested . He appeared on ITN and Sky News discussing the case .
Crilly was then appointed Pakistan correspondent for the Daily Telegraph , before he later moved to covering US news . In 2014 , Crilly was among the journalists arrested while covering civil unrest in Ferguson , Mo , following the shooting of Michael Brown . He has been a White House correspondent for the Washington Examiner since 2019 .
As a freelance journalist , Crilly has also written for The Irish Times , The Daily Mail and The Christian Science Monitor . His articles have appeared in The Scotsman , USA Today , News of the World , The Sunday Times and The Sunday Telegraph .
Since 2008 he has blogged for the Frontline Club .
Rob Crilly 's book Saving Darfur : Everyone 's Favourite African War , based on four years of reporting on Sudan and extensive travels through the region , was published in February 2010 .
Personal life
His sister , Anna Crilly , is a comedian and actress who stars in Lead Balloon .
References
External links
Rob Crilly 's blog
Rob Crilly at Reportage Press
English male journalists
1973 births
Living people
People educated at The Judd School
Alumni of Downing College , Cambridge
The Daily Telegraph people
The human-body model ( HBM ) is the most commonly used model for characterizing the susceptibility of an electronic device to damage from electrostatic discharge ( ESD ) . The model is a simulation of the discharge which might occur when a human touches an electronic device .
The HBM definition most widely used is the test model defined in the United States military standard , MIL-STD-883 , Method 3015.9 , Electrostatic Discharge Sensitivity Classification . This method establishes a simplified equivalent electrical circuit and the necessary test procedures required to model an HBM ESD event .
An internationally widely used standard is JEDEC standard JS-001 .
HBM is used primarily for manufacturing environments to quantify an integrated circuit to survive the manufacturing process . A similar standard , IEC 61000-4-2 , is used for system level testing and quantifies protection levels for a real world ESD event in an uncontrolled environment .
Model
In both JS-001-2012 and MIL-STD-883H the charged human body is modeled by a 100 pF capacitor and a 1500 ohm discharging resistance . During testing , the capacitor is fully charged to several kilovolts ( 2 kV , 4 kV , 6 kV and 8 kV are typical standard levels ) and then discharged through the resistor connected in series to the device under test .
See also
Charged-device model
Transmission-line pulse
References
External links
Joint Standard JS-001-2012 Final Revision .
New Joint Standard : ANSI/ESDA/JEDEC JS-001-2011 , For Electrostatic Discharge Sensitivity Testing , Human Body Model ( HBM ) - Component Level
( Wayback Machine copy )
New Joint Standard JS-001-2011 info .
MIL-SDT-883 overview page , all revisions
Human Body Model Overview
On Semiconductor HBM vs IEC61000-4-2 Comparison Overview
Electrical phenomena
Elections for East Lothian Council took place in May 1974 , alongside elections to the councils of Scotland 's various other districts .
Aggregate results
Ward Results
Labour
Musselburgh 1
Musselburgh 2
Musselburgh 3
Musselburgh 4
Tranent
Ormiston
Inveresk
Prestonpans
Preston
Gladsmuir
Conservative
Cockenzie
Lammermuir
Dirleton
Dunbar
East Linton
North Berwick
Independent
Haddington
References
1974
1974 Scottish local elections
Debbie C. Crans is a Professor of Organic , Inorganic and Biological Chemistry and of Cell and Molecular Biology at Colorado State University , where she also is a Professor Laureate of the College of Natural Sciences . Cran specializes in the fundamental chemistry and biochemistry of drugs , with particular focus on vanadium and other transition metal ions as metals in medicine and investigation of their mechanisms of toxicity .
Education
Debbie Crans studied at the University of Copenhagen , studying for her Cand . Scient . 1. part ( B.S . ) in 1974–1978 , then her Cand . Scient . 2. part ( research ) in 1978–1980 . During this time , she worked with Prof. James P. Snyder at Copenhagen , and Prof. Paul von Ragué Schleyer at the University of Erlangen–Nuremberg in Germany on computational studies of free radicals . She then moved to Harvard University in the United States to pursue graduate studies in the laboratory of Prof. George M. Whitesides . At Harvard , Crans worked on enzyme-catalyzed phosphorylation reactions , using glycerol kinase to synthesize chiral analogs of glycerol . She graduated with her Ph.D. in 1985 . She went on to do postdoctoral work with Orville L. Chapman and Paul D. Boyer at the University of California , Los Angeles from 1985–1986 , studying the mechanistic enzymology of the F1 subunit of ATP synthase from chloroplasts and beef heart .
Independent career and research
Crans began her independent career as an assistant professor at Colorado State University in 1987 . She was promoted to Associate Professor in 1991 , and full Professor in 1998 .
Crans are known for her work on the role of vanadium in biological systems , especially the effects of its compounds on diabetes . She has worked as senior editor several books on vanadium , such as Vanadium Compounds : Chemistry , Biochemistry , and Therapeutic Applications , Vanadium : The Versatile Metal and Vanadium in Biochemistry . Crans served as chair of the American Chemical Society in 2015 and 2016 . She has also been associate editor for the New Journal of Chemistry , Inorganic Chemistry , the Journal of Inorganic Biochemistry and Coordination Chemistry Reviews .
Cran has contributed to over 215 peer-reviewed articles . As of spring 2019 , her work has been cited 7,200 times excluding self-citations making her h-index of 53 . Her review paper , `` The chemistry and biochemistry of vanadium and the biological activities exerted by vanadium compounds '' has been cited over 900 times . Her study on `` Effects of vanadium complexes with organic ligands on glucose metabolism : a comparison study in diabetic rats '' describes the use of vanadium compounds as hypoglycemic agents , and it has been widely cited .
Awards
International Awards
2019 ACS Award for Distinguished Service in the Advancement of Inorganic Chemistry
2015 Arthur C. Cope Scholar Award
2012 Lectureship award , Japanese Coordination Chemistry Society
2004 Vanadis award from the International Vanadium Symposium in Szeged
2000 Japan Society of Promotion of Science award
2000 Alexander Humboldt Senior Research awardee
National Awards
2017 ChemLuminary Awards Young Chemists Committee
2016 Royal Society Fellow
2014 AAAS Fellow
2009 ACS Fellow
1993-96 Alfred P. Sloan Research Fellow
1994 Alberta Heritage Foundation award
1990-1992 Eli Lilly Young Investigator Award
1989-1994 National Institutes of Health FIRST award
Personal life
She currently resides in Northern Colorado with her husband and three daughters . One daughter is pursuing the PhD in chemistry at Northwestern University , one is an undergraduate student at Colorado State University , and one works as a financial planner .
References
Danish women chemists
American women chemists
Bioinorganic chemists
Harvard University alumni
Danish emigrants to the United States
Living people
Colorado State University faculty
University of Copenhagen alumni
1955 births
Place of birth missing ( living people )
American women academics
21st-century American women
Judo competitions at the 2013 Games of the Small States of Europe were held from 28 to 30 May 2013 in Limpertsberg , Luxembourg .
Medal summary
Medal table
Men 's events
Women 's events
References
External links
Site of the 2013 Games of the Small States of Europe
Results book
European Games , Small States
2013 Games of the Small States of Europe
2013
2013 Europe Small States
Abdel Ghani Loukil ( born 10 June 1973 ) is an Algerian handball player . He competed in the men 's tournament at the 1996 Summer Olympics .
References
1973 births
Living people
Algerian male handball players
Olympic handball players of Algeria
Handball players at the 1996 Summer Olympics
21st-century Algerian people
Strikeforce : Shamrock vs. Diaz was a mixed martial arts event held by Strikeforce on April 11 , 2009 at the HP Pavilion in San Jose , California . It was the first event promoted by Strikeforce after their acquisition of assets from the defunct EliteXC promotion through its parent company ProElite . It aired on the Showtime cable network and online through Strikeforce All Access .
Gus Johnson , Mauro Ranallo and Pat Miletich were commentating during the broadcast and Jimmy Lennon Jr. was the ring announcer . The official attendance was announced to be 14,409 . The event drew an estimated 364,000 viewers on Showtime .
Event
Gilbert Melendez was originally scheduled to fight Josh Thomson before Thomson broke his leg while sparring . Rodrigo Damm was brought in as a replacement instead .
Weigh-ins
All fighters except Cris Cyborg and Brandon Michaels made their contracted weight during the official weigh-ins on April 10 . Cyborg originally weighed in at for her fight with Hitomi Akano and had a few hours to cut down to to get within the allowed disparity . On her second attempt she weighed in at and was cleared to fight . Cyborg was fined 20 % of her fight purse by the California State Athletic Commission for not making weight with half of it going to Akano .
Brandon Michaels weighed in at , missing the middleweight limit of . His bout with Raul Castillo ( ) was changed to a catchweight bout at , with Michaels also being fined 20 % of his purse .
Results
Reported Payout
The following is a list of fighter salaries as provided by the California State Athletic Commission . The figures do not include deductions for items such as insurance , licenses and taxes . Additionally , the figures do not include money paid by sponsors , which can often be a substantial portion of a fighter 's income .
Gilbert Melendez : $ 49,890 ( no win bonus ) def . Rodrigo Damm : $ 9,190
Nick Diaz : $ 39,950 ( $ 10,000 win bonus ) def . Frank Shamrock : $ 369,790
Scott Smith : $ 49,940 ( $ 25,000 win bonus ) def . Benji Radach : $ 16,940
Brett Rogers : $ 39,940 ( $ 20,000 win bonus ) def . Ron `` Abongo '' Humphrey : $ 3,205
Cris Cyborg : $ 18,000 ( $ 10,000 win bonus ) def . Hitomi Akano : $ 1,450
Luke Rockhold : $ 6,000 ( $ 3,000 win bonus ) def . Buck Meredith : $ 1,540
Eric Lawson : $ 9,950 ( $ 2,000 win bonus ) def . Waylon Kennell : $ 1,950
Raul Castillo : $ 7,890 ( $ 3,500 win bonus ) def . Brandon Michaels : $ 1,500
James Terry : $ 3,940 ( $ 2,000 win bonus ) def . Zak Bucia : $ 1,500
Shingo Kohara : $ 940 ( no win bonus ) def . Jeremy Tavares : $ 940
See also
Strikeforce ( mixed martial arts )
List of Strikeforce champions
List of Strikeforce events
2009 in Strikeforce
References
External links
Strikeforce Homepage
Showtime Sports Shamrock Vs. Diaz
Shamrock vs. Diaz
2009 in mixed martial arts
Mixed martial arts in San Jose , California
2009 in sports in California
Jake Wilson may refer to :
Jake Wilson ( actor ) in Citadel ( film )
Jake Wilson , character in Along the Great Divide
See also
Jacob Wilson ( disambiguation )
Alexander Carlyle MA DD FRSE ( 26 January 172228 August 1805 ) was a Scottish church leader , and autobiographer . He served as Moderator of the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland in 1770/1 .
Life
He was born on 26 January 1722 in the manse at Cummertrees the son of Rev Willam Carlyle , the local minister . The family moved to Prestonpans in 1724 . He was educated in Prestonpans then studied first at Edinburgh University then Glasgow before finalising his studies at Leyden University in the Netherlands which was famed for its teaching of Theology . He graduated MA from Edinburgh in 1743 .
He was a witness to the Battle of Prestonpans in 1745 where he was part of the government Edinburgh militia . He missed the battle as he had been sent to lodge in nearby houses .
He was licensed to preach as a Church of Scotland minister by the Presbytery of Prestonpans in July 1746 . He was originally presented to the congregation of Cockburnspath but declined this role . In February 1748 , under patronage of the Duke of Buccleuch , he was presented to the congregation of Inveresk and was formally ordained there in August 1748 .
From 1748 , until his death he was minister at Inveresk in Midlothian ( south west of Prestonpans ) .
In 1756 he incurred the anger of the Presbytery of Dalkeith and the General Assembly for his involvement in the editing of John Home 's Douglas and in its theatre production in Edinburgh . He was present at its premiere on 15 December 1756 .
During his long career he rose to high eminence in the Church of Scotland as leader of the moderate or `` broad '' Church section . This was recognised in an honorary Doctor of Divinity granted by King 's College , Aberdeen in 1760 . In 1770 he succeeded Rev James MacKnight as Moderator of the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland , being succeeded by Rev Robert Walker in 1771 . In July 1785 he was made Dean of the Chapel Royal . In 1789 he was elected Principal Clerk of the General Assembly in opposition to Andrew Dalzell . He was associated with Principal Robertson as an ecclesiastical leader .
His strikingly ruddy complexion earned him the nickname of Jupiter Carlyle . His autobiography , which was edited by Hill Burton , and published 1860 , though written in his closing years and not extending beyond the year 1770 , is interesting as a picture of Scottish life , social and ecclesiastical , in the 18th century .
Carlyle 's autobiography recalled the Porteous Riots of 1736 , and his friendship with Adam Smith , David Hume , Charles Townshend and John Home , the dramatist , for witnessing the performance of whose tragedy Douglas he was censured in 1757 .
He was also a member of The Select Society and of The Poker Club .
He was a founder member of the Royal Society of Edinburgh in November 1783 .
He died on 25 August 1805 and was buried in Inveresk churchyard on 28 August .
Family
In October 1760 Alexander married Mary Roddam ( 1743-1804 ) daughter of Robert Roddam of Heathpool in Northumberland .
Their three daughters and one son each died young . On death Carlyle bequeathed his belongings to his nephew , Carlyle Bell .
Publications
Reasons for applying to the King for Attgmentation of Stipend ( Edinburgh , 1748 )
An Argument to prove that the Tragedy of `` Douglas '' ought to be Burnt by the Hands of the Hangman ( Edinburgh , 1757 )
Faction Detected ( 1763 )
Four single Sermons ( Edinburgh , 1767-97 )
Auto-biography ( Edinburgh , 1860 ; republished Edinburgh , 1910 )
Prologue to Herminius and Espasia ( Edinburgh , 1754 )
Statistical Account of Inveresk
Bibliography
Dunbar Presb . Reg .
Scots Mag. , li. , lxvii .
Kay 's Portr. , ii .
Cockburn 's Mem .
See also
List of Moderators of the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland
Notes
References
1722 births
1805 deaths
People from East Lothian
Doctors of Divinity
Moderators of the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland
19th-century Ministers of the Church of Scotland
People of the Jacobite rising of 1745
People of the Scottish Enlightenment
Scottish autobiographers
Alumni of the University of Edinburgh
Alumni of the University of Glasgow
Leiden University alumni
Founder Fellows of the Royal Society of Edinburgh
18th-century Ministers of the Church of Scotland
Melinoessa pieridaria is a moth of the family Geometridae first described by William Jacob Holland in 1920 . It is found in the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
References
Moths described in 1920
Ennominae
William James Percival Webber ( 11 September 1901 – 12 April 1982 ) was a Welsh trade unionist .
Born in Swansea , Webber attended Swansea Grammar School , leaving at the age of sixteen to work as a clerk for the Great Western Railway . He also joined the Railway Clerks ' Association ( RCA ) , and became active in the Labour Party .
In 1932 , Webber was elected to Swansea Borough Council , and was the deputy mayor in 1942/43 . From 1940 , he was chairman of the National Joint Council for Local Authorities Clerical , Administrative , Professional and Technical Grades . In 1944 , he stood down from the council when he became a full-time divisional secretary for the RCA .
Webber was elected as assistant general secretary of the RCA in 1949 , and that year also won election to the Labour Party 's National Executive Committee , serving until 1953 . That year , he was elected as general secretary of the renamed Transport Salaried Staffs ' Association ( TSSA ) , and also to the General Council of the Trades Union Congress ( TUC ) .
From 1954 , Webber was a visiting fellow at Nuffield College , Oxford . In 1958 , he was appointed to the Coal Board , and in 1961 to the Royal Commission on the Press . In 1962 , he retired from all his posts except the Coal Board , of which he became a full-time member until retiring in 1967 . He was knighted the following year .
References
1901 births
1982 deaths
Councillors in Wales
Fellows of Nuffield College , Oxford
General Secretaries of the Transport Salaried Staffs ' Association
Labour Party ( UK ) councillors
Members of the General Council of the Trades Union Congress
People from Swansea
Welsh trade unionists
The Song of the Soviet Army ( ) or Invincible and Legendary ( ) or known recently as Song of the Russian Army ( ) is a famous World War II song written and performed at the war 's end . Its performance was done by numerous artists , including the Alexandrov Ensemble . The original 1945 is highly triumphal with its brass fanfares and ecstatic chords extended upward with the aid of trumpets , as part of the V-E Day celebrations . That arrangement by A. Alexandrov is very much in the tradition of final choruses in 19th-century Italian grand opera , and shows how he originally envisaged this composition . There are many versions of the song .
This song also serves as the official song of the Russian Armed Forces today .
Original lyrics
Later Soviet lyrics
Modern Russian lyrics
4th Verse
Apparently , there 's also a 4th missing verse in the song that rarely sung . The 1982 Red Army Choir concert use this verse as the 3rd verse when they sing the song .
External links
krapp-sa.narod.ru webpage : list of Alexandrov Ensemble recordings . translated Russian→English by Google Translate tool .
Alexandrov Ensemble website . in Russian
Sovmusic.ru webpage : list of Alexandrov Ensemble recordings . in Russian
Russian military marches
Russian patriotic songs
Russian military songs
Soviet songs
The 2011 European Women 's U-17 Handball Championship was the tenth edition of the European Women 's U-17 Handball Championship . It took place in the Czech Republic , in two host cities , Brno and Zlin , from June 23 to July 3 . Sixteen teams participated on the tournament , including the fifteen qualifying winners and the host nation . Denmark was the defending champion and reached the final this time as well , but fell short against Russia by a single goal .
The tournament also served as the qualification for the forthcoming Youth World Championship . Top seven ranked countries have won the right to represent Europe on the event next year , joined by host nation Montenegro .
Venues
Two cities have been selected to host the European championship , Brno and Zlin .
Draw
The draw for the final tournament was held on 8 April 2011 in the EHF headquarters in Vienna , Austria . The teams were allocated to four pots of four , with the eight qualifying group winners put in the first two pots , followed by the host country Czech Republic and the second placed teams in the other two pots .
Preliminary round
The sixteen teams were divided into four groups of 4 . Top two teams from each group advanced to the Main round to compete for the 1–8 places , while third and fourth placed teams continued the tournament in the Intermediate round , fighting for the 9–16 places .
Group A
Group B
Group C
Group D
Intermediate round
Group I1
Group I2
Main round
Group M1
Group M2
Placement round 13–16
Bracket
Cross-matches
15th place final
13th place final
Placement round 9–12
Bracket
Cross-matches
11th place final
9th place final
Placement round 5–8
Bracket
Cross-matches
7th place final
5th place final
Final round
Bracket
Semifinals
Bronze medal match
Final
Rankings and awardees
Final ranking
Teams that are advanced to the 2012 World Women 's Youth Handball Championship are highlighted with green .
{ | width=95 %
|- align=center
|2011 Women 's Youth Handball European Champions
Russia
| }
All Star TeamGoalkeeper : Left Wing : Left Back : Playmaker : Pivot : Right Back : Right Wing :
Other awardsTop Scorer : Best Defence Player : Most Valuable Player '' ' :
< small > Source : euro2011.cz
References
External links
Official site
Tournament page on the European Handball Federation official website
World
Youth
2011 in Czech sport
Handball in the Czech Republic
International sports competitions hosted by the Czech Republic
Youth Handball Championship
Women 's handball in the Czech Republic
William Henry Hogan ( September 14 , 1884 – September 28 , 1974 ) was an American Major League Baseball outfielder . He played for the Philadelphia Athletics during the season and the St. Louis Browns during the and seasons . He also attended Santa Clara University and was the brother of George Hogan .
In 238 games over two seasons , Hogan posted a .236 batting average ( 194-for-822 ) with 86 runs , 3 home runs , 100 RBI , 35 stolen bases and 77 bases on balls .
References
1884 births
1974 deaths
Major League Baseball outfielders
Philadelphia Athletics players
St. Louis Browns players
Baseball players from California
Oakland Oaks ( baseball ) players
San Francisco Seals ( baseball ) players
Spokane Indians players
Tacoma Tigers players
Santa Clara University alumni
Kolonia Potok Wielki ( ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Potok Wielki , within Janów Lubelski County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The village has a population of 500 .
References
Kolonia Potok Wielki
BXL may refer to :
Belarusian Extraleague , the top ice hockey league in Belarus
Brussels ( common shorthand of its French name Bruxelles )
IATA code of an airport on the Fijian island of Nanuya Lailai
The Mountain Province Provincial Board is the Sangguniang Panlalawigan ( provincial legislature ) of the Philippine province of Mountain Province .
The members are elected via plurality-at-large voting : the province is divided into two districts , each having four seats . A voter votes up to four names , with the top four candidates per district being elected . The vice governor is the ex officio presiding officer , and only votes to break ties . The vice governor is elected via the plurality voting system province-wide .
The districts used in appropriation of members is not coextensive with the legislative district of Mountain Province ; unlike congressional representation which is at-large , Mountain Province is divided into two districts for representation in the Sangguniang Panlalawigan .
Aside from the regular members , the board also includes the provincial federation presidents of the Liga ng mga Barangay ( ABC , from its old name `` Association of Barangay Captains '' ) , the Sangguniang Kabataan ( SK , youth councils ) and the Philippine Councilors League ( PCL ) . Mountain Province 's provincial board also has a reserved seat for its indigenous people ( IPMR ) .
Apportionment
List of members
Current members
These are the members after the 2019 local elections and 2018 barangay and SK elections :
Vice Governor : Francis Tauli ( PDP–Laban )
References
Politics of Mountain Province
Provincial boards in the Philippines
Glyphipterix bactrias is a species of sedge moth in the genus Glyphipterix . It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1911 . It is found in New Zealand .
References
Moths described in 1911
Glyphipterigidae
Moths of New Zealand
Endemic fauna of New Zealand
Taxa named by Edward Meyrick
Khalid Jamai ( also written Jamaï or Jamii ) ( ; 1944 – 1 June 2021 ) was a Moroccan journalist , writer , and political analyst . He was the editor-in-chief of the Moroccan Francophone newspaper L'Opinion , and a leading member of the Istiqlal Party . Jamai was recognized for his distinguished writing style and audacious political positions .
In 1973 , Jamai was imprisoned for his outspoken opinions as a journalist . While in prison , he interviewed inmates and documented their personal stories and their views on the policing and political structure of Morocco . After his release , he published these stories in his book , “ Presumed Guilty ” .
Khalid Jamai was the father of the journalist and banker Aboubakr Jamaï .
He died on 1 June 2021 at the age of 77 .
References
1944 births
2021 deaths
Moroccan male journalists
Moroccan editors
Moroccan activists
Istiqlal Party politicians
People from Fez , Morocco
20th-century Moroccan people
21st-century Moroccan people
Check This Kid Out is a Disney Channel short series which premiered in June 2005 , during Disney Channel 's So Hot Summer ! promotion . Narrated by Courtney Halverson and Carr Thompson , the show features short segments of teenagers , from across the country , who spotlight the jobs that they do . Toon Disney stopped airing the short series on February 12 , 2009 . The series was left on the air until December 2009 , but it returned on March 26 , 2012 .
The kids
This season featured a combination slideshow / video format , featuring ideas of possible professions . This season featured these kids and their jobs :
The Check This Kid Out interstitials were originally cast with the help of Alyse Rome , founder and president of Amazing Kids ! ( www.amazing-kids.org ) , a children 's educational non-profit organization and the number one online resource for stories about real-life amazing kids . Alyse was hired as a consultant to help with the initial casting .
External links
Amazing Kids ! Official website
2000s American reality television series
2010s American reality television series
Disney Channel original programming
2005 American television series debuts
2009 American television series endings
2012 American television series debuts
`` I Ca n't Believe What You Say ( For Seeing What You Do ) '' is a song written by Ike Turner . It was originally released by Ike & Tina Turner on Kent Records in 1964 .
Release
`` I Ca n't Believe What You Say ( For Seeing What You Do ) '' was written and produced by Ike Turner . It was released as a non-album track on Kent Records in September 1964 . The single reached No . 95 on the Billboard Hot 100 and No . 33 on the Record World R & B chart . It was the best-selling R & B record for Kent in 1965 . Tina Turner performed the song on Shindig ! in August 1965 . A different version of the song appeared on Ike & Tina Turner 's album Get It – Get It , which was remixed and reissued as Her Man…His Woman in 1971 . Ike Turner released another version on the album The Edge in 1980 .
Critical reception
The single was selected for Cash Box magazine 's Pick of the Week .
Cash Box ( October 10 , 1964 ) : `` This Kent outing for Ike & Tina Turner is already stirring up a heap of attention . Tagged I Ca n't Believe What You Say , it 's a high-speed handclapping twister that sports a host of ultra-commercial vocal and instrumental sounds . Watch it . Backing 's a soul-filled shuflle-rock blueser that Tina wails with loads of feeling . ''
Cover versions
1965 : Manfred Mann released a version as the B-side to `` My Little Red Book '' from their album My Little Red Book Of Winners
1965 : British singer Val McKenna released a rendition on Piccadilly Records in the UK
1967 : Danish rock group The Defenders released the song as a single on Sonet Records from their album Looking at You
1972 : Toots and The Maytals released a version on their album Funky Kingston
2000 : Henning Stærk released the song on his album Hit House
Chart performance
References
1964 songs
1964 singles
Ike & Tina Turner songs
Songs written by Ike Turner
Song recordings produced by Ike Turner
Kent Records singles
Manfred Mann songs
1965 singles
1967 singles
Piccadilly Records singles
Inner Traditions – Bear & Company , also known as Inner Traditions , is a book publisher founded by Ehud Sperling in 1975 and based in Rochester , Vermont in the United States .
Inner Traditions publishes books related to New Age spiritualism and esotericism , mysticism , neoshamanism , astrology , the perennial philosophy , visionary art , Earth mysteries , sacred sexuality , alternative medicine , and recordings of ethnic music and accompaniments for meditation .
In 2000 , the independent publisher Bear & Company joined with Inner Traditions , moving from Santa Fe , New Mexico , where it had been founded in 1980 by Gerry Clow and astrologer Barbara Hand Clow .
Inner Traditions publishes other imprints , including Findhorn Press , Healing Arts Press , Destiny Books , Park Street Press , Bindu Books , and Bear Cub Books .
Authors
Notable authors published primarily or exclusively by Inner Traditions include many of the English language translations of historically influential Italian fascist and occultist Julius Evola , in addition to :
References
External links
1975 establishments in Vermont
American companies established in 1975
Publishing companies established in 1975
New Age literature
Traditionalist School
Rochester , Vermont
Book publishing companies based in Vermont
Marco Fritz ( born 3 October 1977 ) is a German football referee who is based in Korb . He referees for SV Breuningsweiler of the Württemberg Football Association . He is a FIFA referee , and is ranked as a UEFA second category referee .
Refereeing career
At age six Fritz became a member of SV Breuningsweiler , for whom he has been a referee for since 1997 . He officiated in the Landesverband Württemberg , and in 2006 he became a DFB referee . He first officiated in the 2 . Bundesliga in the 2008–09 season . Throughout the season he awarded 34 yellow cards and one red card . Fritz was then promoted to officiate in the Bundesliga the following season . His first Bundesliga match was between SC Freiburg and Bayer Leverkusen .
In 2012 Fritz was put on the FIFA referees list along with Felix Zwayer . Babak Rafati and Peter Sippel were in turn taken off the list . His first international tournament was the 2012 UEFA European Under-19 Championship elite qualification . His international officiating debut was on 23 May 2012 in the match between Greece and Turkey .
Together with his assistants Dominik Schaal and Marcel Pelgrim , Fritz was chosen as the referee for the 2016 DFB-Pokal Final , which took place on 21 May 2016 in the Olympiastadion in Berlin between Bayern Munich and Borussia Dortmund .
Personal life
Fritz is a banker and lives in Korb . His hobbies include sports and music .
See also
List of football referees
References
External links
Profile at dfb.de
Profile at worldfootball.net
1977 births
Living people
People from Rems-Murr-Kreis
Sportspeople from Stuttgart ( region )
German football referees
UEFA Europa League referees
Richard Nelson ( December 7 , 1938 – November 6 , 1996 ) was an American theatrical lighting designer .
Born in New York City , Nelson studied at the High School of the Performing Arts and began his career off-Broadway in 1955 . He made his Broadway debut with The Caucasian Chalk Circle in 1966 . His many credits include Coco , The Magic Show , So Long , 174th Street , The Lady From Dubuque , The Tap Dance Kid , Sunday in the Park with George , Into the Woods , and revivals of Morning 's at Seven , Awake and Sing ! , Long Day 's Journey Into Night , Blithe Spirit , The Night of the Iguana , and Private Lives , among others .
Nelson won the Tony Award for Best Lighting Design and the Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Lighting Design for Sunday in the Park with George and was nominated for both awards for Into the Woods . He also designed the lighting for the Ronald Reagan Memorial Library in Simi Valley , California .
In addition to his theatre work , Nelson helped define the use of light as an important element in modern dance . He worked with such choreographers as Martha Graham , Paul Taylor , Twyla Tharp and Erick Hawkins . Mr Nelson was the resident lighting designer for the Merce Cunningham Dance Company from 1968 to 1973 . He was an associate professor of theater at the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor from 1988 to 1991 and taught at the Tisch School of the Arts at New York University until a month prior to his death from a brain tumor at Mount Sinai Hospital in Manhattan .
References
External links
Richard Nelson papers and designs , 1966-1996 , held by the Billy Rose Theatre Division , New York Public Library for the Performing Arts
Sunday in the Park with George Original Broadway production complete lighting paperwork , light plot , hookup , shop order , focus charts , magic sheets and production notes at the New York Public Library Theatrical Lighting Database
American lighting designers
Tony Award winners
Drama Desk Award winners
1938 births
1996 deaths
University of Michigan faculty
Tisch School of the Arts faculty
Fiorello H. LaGuardia High School alumni
John Bray is a New Zealand former rugby league footballer who represented New Zealand .
Playing career
Bray played for the Hornby Panthers and the Christchurch club in the Canterbury Rugby League competition . He later represented Canterbury and the South Island .
Bray also played for the New Zealand national rugby league team , playing in two tests against France in 1964 .
Later years
After retiring , Bray had a lengthy career in rugby league administration . He was elected to the New Zealand Rugby League in March 2008 and later made a life member of the NZRL in April 2011 .
References
Living people
New Zealand rugby league players
New Zealand national rugby league team players
Canterbury rugby league team players
Hornby Panthers players
South Island rugby league team players
Rugby league five-eighths
New Zealand Rugby League board members
New Zealand rugby league administrators
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Kolaksar ( , also Romanized as Kolāksar ) is a village in Pain Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District , in the Central District of Amol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 4,914 , in 1,344 families .
References
Populated places in Amol County
Robert J. Castelli ( born December 16 , 1949 ) is an American security consultant , professor and media personality from Goldens Bridge , New York . He served two terms as a member of the New York State Assembly , representing northeastern Westchester County , New York .
During the Vietnam War , he served with the 7th Cavalry Regiment in the United States Army . Upon his separation from military , he became a member of the New York State Police , where he served with the elite Special Investigations Unit and the New York State Organized Crime Task Force for over two decades .
A graduate of Harvard University , Castelli became an educator in 1996 went on to serve as Chair of the Criminal Justice Department at Iona College . After holding elective office in local government , Castelli ran for and was elected to the State Assembly in a special election in February 2010 , and was reelected just eight months later for a second , and this time full two-year term . He is also a columnist for the website Politico .
Early life and military career
Castelli was born in Jamaica , New York . He dropped out of high school in 1967 and volunteered to join the United States Army , and was assigned to the 1st Air Cavalry Division as an infantryman . He served in combat operations in the Republic of Vietnam from 1968 to 1969 . He received an honorable discharge in 1973 .
Upon his return from his Army service , he worked as a Constable in South Carolina before returning to New York and beginning a 21-year career in the New York State Police , during which he worked as an intelligence officer with elite Special Investigations Unit and the New York State Organized Crime Task Force . Castelli held the ranks of Trooper , Sergeant , Investigator , and eventually was promoted to Station Commander . He was involved in numerous high-profile arrests during his tenure with the State Police .
Castelli is a graduate of Palmer College , the State University of New York and the Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University , where he was named a Pickett Fellow in Criminal Justice Policy and Management by the National Institute of Justice in recognition of his contributions to the law enforcement community . He was also once a nationally ranked competitive sport shooter .
After retiring from the State Police he began a career as an educator , teaching at Iona College for thirteen years and rising to become Chairman of the Criminal Justice Department . He also worked as an Adjunct Professor at CUNY John Jay College of Criminal Justice and Marist College from 1996 to 2010 , where he lectured on a wide variety of criminal justice and security-related subjects including criminal investigation , organized crime , white collar crime , terrorism , security management and police procedures .
These credentials made him a popular guest as an expert commentator in print , radio , and television media programs throughout the United States . Prior to his transition from public service to politics , Castelli was a regular contributor on network television including ABC , CBS , Fox News , CNN , MSNBC and Court TV . Castelli also owns a professional security consulting business , holding certifications as a Certified Fraud Examiner , Crime Prevention Specialist , Certified Criminal Analyst , Certified Protection Professional , Certified Police and Security Officer Instructor , Certified Firearms Instructor and licensed and bonded Private Investigator .
Castelli , who calls himself a public servant , resides in the Goldens Bridge hamlet of Lewisboro , New York . He has two sons , one of whom is a Lieutenant Colonel in the United States Army Special Forces and also a graduate of the Kennedy School , and another who is an ordained Minister , serving a congregation in southern Florida .
Political career
A Republican , Castelli was elected as a town councilman in his home town of Lewisboro from 2000 to 2004 . He made his first run for the State Assembly in 2004 .
From February 2010 to January 2013 , he represented Westchester County in the New York State Legislature , which includes the towns of Bedford , Harrison , Lewisboro , Mount Kisco , New Castle , North Castle , Pound Ridge and portions of the City of White Plains in Westchester County , New York . He writes for Politico 's Arena , a daily , cross-party and cross-discipline medium which the newspaper calls its `` daily debate with policymakers and opinion shapers . ''
As Castelli counted New York State 's Governor Andrew Cuomo amongst his constituents , he was generally portrayed as being closely aligned with the Governor , thus furthering the image of bipartisanship and reputation for working across the aisle he sought to cast .
2010 special election
He was elected to the New York State Assembly in a special election on February 9 , 2010 , defeating County Legislator Peter Harckham in an upset victory . The previous incumbent , Democratic Assemblyman Adam Bradley , had resigned after he was elected Mayor of White Plains in 2009 . Castelli previously ran for the seat in 2004 , but was defeated by Bradley .
Political prognosticators viewed the suburban contest as a sign of a Republican resurgence and a barometer for coming fall elections , where Republicans would eventually go on to make large gains in the United States Senate , House of Representatives , and retake the New York State Senate . Castelli described his victory as `` an expression of voter discontent with the state capitol '' and the corruption prevalent in New York 's State Government .
2010 general election
After serving for only eight months , the freshman legislator had to run for a full term . In the 2010 general election , Castelli held the seat by defeating White Plains City Council President Thomas Roach . Winning with a slim 112 vote margin , a month-long recount was necessary before Castelli could be declared the winner , thus earning him a full two-year term representing the 89th District . The 89th Assembly District has over 10,000 more registered Democrats than Republicans , and Castelli is the first Republican to hold the seat in seventeen years .
His 2010 election and subsequent reelection are considered significant , as the 89th Assembly District seat to which he was elected is gerrymandered to be a Democratic district , and happens to be the home of prominent Democratic political figures including former U.S. President Bill Clinton , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , Governor of New York Andrew Cuomo , attorney Robert F. Kennedy , Jr. and George Soros , billionaire financier of numerous progressive causes . Castelli was also outspent by his opponents , although he attempted to overcome these disadvantages by running what he called a `` grassroots , front-porch campaign . ''
2012 general election
As a Republican representing a heavily Democratic district , Castelli placed a large emphasis on bipartisanship . He decried the 2012 redistricting process as partisan gerrymandering , for which he was named a `` Hero of Reform '' by former New York City Mayor Ed Koch . Castelli voted against the final redistricting bill , which further gerrymandered and renumbered his district from the 89th to the 93rd Assembly District , added the town of North Salem , and significantly reoriented the portion of the City of White Plains contained within the district , which packed more Democratic-leaning voters into the already heavily Democratic district which Castelli , a member of the Republican Party , represented .
Castelli sought to earn a reputation as a reformer , and frequently challenged Albany 's infamous `` dysfunction '' in his campaign rhetoric . The press frequently said he is known for his independence from both parties . In an editorial endorsing Castelli , The New York Times called him `` the kind out outsider Albany needs . ''
Sensing political opportunity following the redistricting process , White Plains City Councilman David Buchwald launched a challenge to Castelli , citing the district 's overwhelming Democratic enrollment advantage . Castelli received endorsements from every newspaper in the district and aired television and radio ads featuring Democratic Governor Andrew Cuomo saying , `` Assemblyman Castelli , I 'll tell you how tough Assemblyman Castelli 's job is . He is MY Assemblyman ... He 's doing a great job representing me and this entire district . ''
Despite running a spirited campaign where he was again outspent , Castelli could not overcome party-line voting in the high turnout for incumbent President Barack Obama , although he still managed to garner 47 % of the vote in the overwhelmingly Democratic district .
Political positions
Castelli was known as a staunch fiscal conservative and held strong pro-business , anti-tax and limited government positions . Yet he also held environmentalist views considered atypical for most Republican politicians , and his pro-conservation ideals garnered him support and endorsements from organizations such as the League of Conservation Voters and Sierra Club during all of his campaigns . For instance , he was a cosponsor and vocal proponent of a ban on hydraulic fracturing in the Marcellus Shale region of upstate New York , a process for natural gas exploration which is known as `` hydro-fracking . ''
He received a perfect score on the environment from the statewide group EPL/Environmental Advocates in 2011 and 2012 , on the only scorecard that grades New York State lawmakers according to their votes on the environment . His score led all Republican lawmakers in both houses in each of his three years in office .
A self-described conservationist , Castelli also received top marks from the New York State Rifle and Pistol Association for what they described as `` his actions in defense of our civil rights , '' as well as from the New York State Farm Bureau , which named him to their prestigious `` Circle of Friends . ''
According to Patch Media , a regional outlet covering the 89th Assembly District , he `` earned a reputation for being an independent voice in the Legislature , especially on tax policies that he says unfairly penalize Westchester County residents and business owners . ''
As one of only three combat veterans in the State Assembly , he placed a large part of his legislative focus on veterans ' issues . He was credited with building the coalition that saved the five New York State Veterans Homes from elimination in the 2011 New York State budget . The homes are disabled veteran and veterans gerontological elder-care facilities , which were facing steep budget cuts and potential closure of one or more of the facilities , until the cuts were averted due to efforts from twenty-seven State lawmakers .
Castelli also introduced legislation to prevent the Federal government from spinning off the Franklin Delano Roosevelt Campus of the VA at Montrose to private developers , by requiring the State to step in and seize the property via grant , purchase , or eminent domain , in order that it be forever used for veteran 's purposes .
Legislative achievements
In his first 120 days in office , Castelli passed two pieces of legislation , the first of which was signed into law by Governor David A. Paterson as Chapter 294 of the Laws of 2010 . Castelli showed an uncanny ability to pass his own prime-sponsored legislation despite being a member of the Assembly 's minority , which has a reputation for legislative powerlessness amid the control of Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver .
In 2011 , Castelli became the first member of the Minority since 2007 to pass a `` statewide '' bill , a veterans protection measure which prohibited public employers from abolishing positions of persons absent on military duty . Six other Castelli bills have been signed into law , making him one of the more productive junior lawmakers in Albany .
During the legislative session in 2012 , Castelli authored and passed a bill to extend the statute of limitations for Vietnam Veterans to bring claims arising from exposure to Agent Orange and other phenoxy herbicides , which was signed into law by Governor Cuomo . He also cosponsored and passed a bill to increase funding for the state 's Environmental Protection Fund ( EPF ) , and conduct a health impact assessment of hydrofracking before the state considers whether or not to allow the controversial process to go forward .
Castelli also authored a bill to eliminate the Mount Kisco Urban Renewal Agency , a moribund public authority , which was called an `` unnecessary mandate '' for the village , that successfully passed both houses of the legislature in 2012 . He also authored and passed legislation to rename portions of New York State Route 120 in Chappaqua and Purchase for Staff Sergeant Kyu Hyuk Chay , and Specialist Anthony Kalladeen , soldiers from those communities who were killed in action during the wars in Afghanistan , and Iraq , respectively .
Election results
February 2010 special election , NYS Assembly , 89th AD
{ | class= '' Wikitable ''
| Robert J. Castelli ( REP - IND - CON ) || ... || 6,966 ( 55.3 % )
|-
| Peter B. Harckham ( DEM - WOR ) || ... || 5,639 ( 44.7 % )
| }
November 2010 general election , NYS Assembly , 89th AD
{ | class= '' Wikitable ''
| Robert J. Castelli ( REP - CON - TXP ) || ... || 21,263 ( 50.1 % )
|-
| Thomas M. Roach , Jr. ( DEM - IND - WOR ) || ... || 21,151 ( 49.9 % )
| }
November 2012 general election , NYS Assembly , 93rd AD
{ | class= '' Wikitable ''
| Robert J. Castelli ( REP - CON ) || ... || 24,609 ( 47 % )
|-
| David Buchwald ( DEM - IND - WOR ) || ... || 29,394 ( 53 % )
| }
References
Bibliography
Neubaer , David W. & Meinhold , Stephen S. Judicial Process : Law , Courts , and Politics in the United States . Fifth Ed . ( Wadsworth Cengage Learning , New York 2009 ) . .
Sifakis , Carl . The mafia encyclopedia . ( Infobase Publishing , New York 2005 ) . .
Schmalleger , Frank . Criminology today : an integrative introduction . ( Prentice Hall , New York 2002 ) . .
White , Jonathan R. Terrorism and homeland security . Sixth Ed . ( Wadsworth Cengage Learning , New York 2009 ) . .
External links
Robert J. Castelli campaign website
Faculty Page at Iona University
Robert Castelli 's column for Politico
1949 births
Living people
American broadcast news analysts
American columnists
American conservationists
American intelligence analysts
United States Army personnel of the Vietnam War
American male sport shooters
American state police officers
City University of New York faculty
Empire State College alumni
Experts on terrorism
Iona College faculty
People from Jamaica , Queens
Harvard Kennedy School alumni
Marist College faculty
Members of the New York State Assembly
New York ( state ) Republicans
People from Lewisboro , New York
Private detectives and investigators
Terrorism theorists
United States Army soldiers
Politicians from Westchester County , New York
Activists from New York ( state )
21st-century American politicians
Mohammad Mokhtari may refer to :
Mohammad Mokhtari ( writer ) ( 1942–1998 ) , Iranian poet
Mohammad Mokhtari ( protester ) ( 1989–2011 ) , Iranian university student
Mohammad Mokhtari ( footballer ) ( born 1984 ) , Iranian footballer
Zeniontidae is a family of large , showy , deep-bodied zeiform marine fish . Found in the Atlantic , Indian , and Pacific Ocean , the family contains just seven species in three genera .
The family was formerly known as Macrurocyttidae .
References
Ray-finned fish families
Zeiformes
Mundraga Bay ( , ) is the 28.6 km wide bay indenting for 23 km Nordenskjöld Coast in Graham Land , Antarctica . It is entered east of Fothergill Point and west of Cape Sobral . Local coastline is modified as a result of the Larsen A Ice Shelf disintegration and the subsequent retreat of the inflowing Darvari Glacier , Boryana Glacier , Desudava Glacier , Dinsmoor Glacier , Bombardier Glacier and Edgeworth Glacier in the 1990s and the early 21st century .
The bay is named after the medieval fortress of Mundraga in Northeastern Bulgaria .
Location
Mundraga Bay is centred at .
Maps
Antarctic Digital Database ( ADD ) . Scale 1:250000 topographic map of Antarctica . Scientific Committee on Antarctic Research ( SCAR ) . Since 1993 , regularly upgraded and updated .
References
Mundraga Bay . SCAR Composite Antarctic Gazetteer .
Bulgarian Antarctic Gazetteer . Antarctic Place-names Commission . ( details in Bulgarian , basic data in English )
External links
Mundraga Bay . Copernix satellite image
Bays of Graham Land
Bulgaria and the Antarctic
Nordenskjöld Coast
Milivoje Novaković ( ; , ; born 18 May 1979 ) is a Slovenian former professional footballer who played as a forward .
Club career
Novaković spent his youth career at Olimpija where he remained until the age of 19 , when he was forced to leave and look for the opportunity to play professional football elsewhere as he was written off by the club officials who considered him unpromising and too skinny for a forward . Many years later , at the height of his playing career , Novaković revealed that people at Olimpija demanded money in order to promote him to the main squad .
He then went to play football for lower tier Austrian clubs where he rose to prominence , eventually signing with professional sides SV Mattersburg and LASK . In 2005 , he signed with the Bulgarian top division side Litex Lovech and immediately established himself as one of their top players scoring 16 goals in 24 appearances during the 2005–06 season , earning the title of the league 's top goalscorer . During the same season Litex Lovech qualified to the group stage of the 2005–06 UEFA Cup , where Novaković scored two of the clubs 's four goals , helping the Bulgarian side in reaching the Round of 32 where they were eliminated by French side Strasbourg with the score 0–2 on aggregate .
During the summer of 2006 he was linked with several different clubs ( e.g . German team 1 . FC Köln , Israeli team Beitar Jerusalem and Bulgarian champions Levski Sofia ) but despite his wish to continue his career in a different club he started , with three goals on three league appearances , the 2006–07 season with Litex Lovech who faced Koper from Slovenia and AC Omonia from Cyprus in the qualifying rounds of the 2006–07 UEFA Cup . However , Novaković 's wish to leave the club was granted in late August 2006 when he joined German side 1 . FC Köln for around €1.5 million .
In his first season in Germany Novaković quickly established himself in the first team and eventually finished the season with ten goals in 25 2 . Bundesliga appearances , finishing the season second on the club 's top scorers list . During his second season with Köln he scored 20 goals in 33 league appearances and became the top goalscorer of the 2 . Bundesliga , helping his side reach the elite Bundesliga . During the 2008–09 season , he was again Köln 's top goalscorer with 16 Bundesliga goals to his name . On 12 September 2008 , coach Christoph Daum made him captain of the first team squad , however in late November 2009 , he lost his captaincy due to a dispute with Köln 's new manager Zvonimir Soldo . The 2010–11 season was his best season in the Bundesliga as Köln finished 10th on the league table with Novaković scoring 17 goals , finishing the season on third place in the league 's top scorer 's list . Novaković was Köln 's top scorer in three of the club 's four Bundesliga seasons , during his spell at the club , scoring 44 goals in 108 appearances . After finishing the next season on 17th place Köln was relegated and during the summer of 2012 the club officials decided to cut costs of the first team before the start of the season in the second tier .
Novaković was one of the players whose contract expenses were too high and on 1 August 2012 , he joined J1 League side Omiya Ardija , on loan until December 2012 . After the end of the loan , Novaković returned to Cologne and stayed fit with an individual training program . On 26 January 2013 , the loan was eventually renewed through 31 December 2013 . In 2014 Novaković signed a two-year deal with another J League side Shimizu S Pulse . After one year , he moved to Nagoya Grampus , but he was released after only one season .
On 18 February 2016 , he signed a one-and-a-half-year contract with Slovenian club NK Maribor .
International career
Novaković was a member of the Slovenia national team between 2006 and 2017 , scoring 32 goals in 80 appearances . He scored his first international goals on 31 May 2006 against Trinidad and Tobago , when he scored all three goals for Slovenia in a 3–1 win . He retired from international football on 13 February 2012 , saying he wanted to focus on club football . However , in January 2013 he said that he is ready to play for the national football team once again . On 11 October 2013 , he scored a hat-trick against Norway in the 2014 FIFA World Cup qualifications .
Career statistics
International
Scores and results list Slovenia 's goal tally first , score column indicates score after each Novaković goal .
Honours
Maribor
Slovenian PrvaLiga : 2016–17
Slovenian Football Cup : 2015–16
Individual
Bulgarian A PFG top scorer : 2005–06 ( 16 goals )
2 . Bundesliga top scorer : 2007–08 ( 20 goals )
Slovenian Footballer of the Year : 2008
See also
Slovenian international players
References
External links
Player profile at NZS
1979 births
Living people
Slovenian people of Serbian descent
Sportspeople from Ljubljana
Slovenian footballers
Slovenia international footballers
Association football forwards
Slovenian expatriate footballers
SV Mattersburg players
LASK players
PFC Litex Lovech players
1 . FC Köln players
Omiya Ardija players
Shimizu S-Pulse players
Nagoya Grampus players
NK Maribor players
Austrian Regionalliga players
Austrian Football Bundesliga players
2 . Liga ( Austria ) players
First Professional Football League ( Bulgaria ) players
2 . Bundesliga players
Bundesliga players
J1 League players
Slovenian PrvaLiga players
Slovenian expatriate sportspeople in Austria
Expatriate footballers in Austria
Slovenian expatriate sportspeople in Bulgaria
Expatriate footballers in Bulgaria
Slovenian expatriate sportspeople in Germany
Expatriate footballers in Germany
Slovenian expatriate sportspeople in Japan
Expatriate footballers in Japan
2010 FIFA World Cup players
A curtain is a piece of cloth intended to block or obscure light or similar .
Curtain or curtains may also refer to :
Arts and entertainment
Film
Curtain ( film ) , an American silent film
Curtains ( 1983 film ) , a Canadian horror film
Curtains ( 1995 film ) , a Canadian short film , in English and French , also known as Rideau
Literature
Curtain ( novel ) , by Agatha Christie , 1975
The Curtain ( essay ) , by Milan Kundera , published 2005 as Le Rideau
Music
The Curtains , an American music group
Curtains ( John Frusciante album ) , 2005
Curtains ( Tindersticks album ) , 1997
`` Curtains '' ( Red Flag song ) , 2000
`` Curtains '' , a song by Elton John from the 1975 album Captain Fantastic and the Brown Dirt Cowboy
`` Curtains '' , B-side of `` Big Time '' ( Peter Gabriel song ) , 1986
Cortina ( tango ) , or curtain , short pieces of music between dances at a tango event
Theatre equipment
Front curtain
Safety curtain
Theater drapes and stage curtains
Theatres
Curtain Theatre , a former Elizabethan playhouse in London
Curtain Theatre ( Glasgow ) , a Scottish theatre company in the 1930s
Other uses in arts and entertainment
Curtains ( musical ) , a musical mystery comedy first produced in 2006
`` Curtains '' ( Under the Dome ) , episode of TV drama
People
Elizabeth Curtain , former Australian judge
Peter Curtain ( born 1962 ) , former Australian rules footballer
Ruth F. Curtain ( 1941–2018 ) , Australian mathematician
Other uses
Curtain array antenna
Curtained hair or curtains , a hairstyle featuring a long fringe
Shutter curtains , a form of shutter ( photography )
See also
Air curtain ( disambiguation )
Curtain call ( disambiguation )
Curtain wall ( disambiguation )
Curtin ( disambiguation )
Iron Curtain ( disambiguation )
McCurtain ( disambiguation )
Rideau ( disambiguation ) ( French , 'curtain ' )
Curtain coating , a process that creates a curtain of fluid that falls onto a substrate
Flowstone , curtain-like mineral deposits in caves
Senator McMillan may refer to :
Members of the United States Senate
James McMillan ( politician ) ( 1838–1902 ) , U.S . Senator from Michigan from 1889 to 1902
Samuel J. R. McMillan ( 1826–1897 ) , U.S . Senator from Minnesota from 1875 to 1887
United States state senate members
Alexander McMillan ( North Carolina politician ) ( died 1817 ) , North Carolina State Senate
George McMillan ( politician ) ( born 1943 ) , Alabama State Senate
Kenneth G. McMillan ( born 1942 ) , Illinois State Senate
See also
William L. McMillen ( 1829–1902 ) , Louisiana State Senate ; also elected to the U.S. Senate , but not admitted
Senator McMullen ( disambiguation )
Ronald F. Collins is an American politician from Maine . A Wells resident , Collins formerly represented the second district in the Maine Senate . Prior to being elected a state senator , he was a member of the Maine House of Representatives representing Wells from 2002 to 2010 .
Collins endorsed Mitt Romney for president in the 2012 election .
References
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
People from Wells , Maine
Members of the Maine House of Representatives
Maine state senators
Maine Republicans
Businesspeople from Maine
21st-century American politicians
Chaleunsilp Phia Sing ( Luang Prabang , c. 1898–1967 ) was a royal chef and master of ceremonies to the kings of Laos , and in this capacity he worked at the Royal Palace in Luang Prabang . He was also , according to Alan Davidson , `` physician , architect , choreographer , sculptor , painter and poet '' . In addition he was mentored to the Laotian princes Souvanna Phouma and Souvannavong , and accompanied them when they studied at the University of Hanoi in the 1920s .
Shortly before his death Phia Sing wrote out in two notebooks the recipes used by him as royal chef . He entrusted them to prince Souvanna Phouma , who lent them to Alan Davidson in 1974 . Davidson published some of the recipes in his Fish and Fish Dishes of Laos in 1975 , and afterwards arranged for them to be translated in full by Phouangphet Vannithone and Boon Song Klausner . They were published in a bilingual edition , illustrated by Soun Vannithone , in 1981 .
Bibliography
Alan Davidson , Fish and fish dishes of Laos , 1975 .
Phia Sing , Traditional Recipes of Laos , 1981 .
1890s births
1967 deaths
Laotian chefs
Laotian poets
People from Luang Prabang
Laotian sculptors
Laotian architects
20th-century poets
20th-century painters
20th-century sculptors
20th-century architects
Wielobycz is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gorzków , within Krasnystaw County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland . It lies approximately west of Krasnystaw and south-east of the regional capital Lublin .
References
Wielobycz
Henryk Kowalski ( 17 July 1933 – 11 July 2021 ) was a Polish road cyclist .
Born in Turzysk in the Second Polish Republic Kowalski will have been forced to move westwards after World War II due to the changing of borders and expulsion of local populations , with his hometown being given to Ukraine . Kowalski started cycling professionally with Budowlani Warszawa between 1954–1955 , spent a short spell with Stal Stocznia in 1956 , before spending the majority of his career with KK Lechia Gdańsk between 1957–1970 . It was while with Lechia he enjoyed his greatest success , winning the Tour de Pologne twice , in 1957 and 1961. and winning the Vuelta a Cuba in 1967 . Kowalski died in Gdańsk aged 88 , and is buried in the Żydowski cemetery in Chełm , Gdańsk .
Major results
1957
1st Berlin–Cottbus–Berlin
1st Overall Tour de Pologne
1959
1st Stage 1 Tour de Pologne
1961
1st Overall Tour de Pologne
1963
2nd GANEFO Games
1967
1st Overall Vuelta a Cuba
References
External links
1933 births
2021 deaths
Polish male cyclists
Place of birth missing
People from Wołyń Voivodeship ( 1921–1939 )
Ian Chessell is an Australian physicist . He was Chief Defence Scientist of Australia from 2000 to 2003 . He was appointed as Chief Scientist of South Australia in March 2008 , and served in that capacity until 2010 . He was a director of Astronomy Australia Limited from 2010 until the 2016 AGM . In 2015 , he was also a member of the Defence South Australia Advisory Board , the Board of QinetiQ Pty Ltd and is Chair of the Goyder Institute for Water Research .
Chessell studied at the University of Melbourne , completing his Ph.D. in Physics studying radio transmission of the lower ionosphere in 1970 . He commenced work at the Defence Science and Technology Group on completion of his Ph.D. , eventually rising to head the organisation as Chief Defence Scientist from 2000 to 2003 .
References
Chief Defence Scientists
Australian physicists
Living people
Fellows of the Australian Academy of Technological Sciences and Engineering
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Fidel Ernesto Suárez Becerra ( born January 1 , 1962 , in Piura ) , known as Fidel Suárez , is a Peruvian retired footballer who played for clubs in Peru and Chile .
Titles
Universitario 1985 , 1987 and 1990 ( Peruvian Primera División Championship )
Notes
External links
1962 births
Living people
People from Piura
Association football midfielders
Peruvian footballers
Peru international footballers
Sporting Cristal footballers
Atlético Torino footballers
Club Universitario de Deportes footballers
Deportes Iquique footballers
Sport Boys footballers
Cobresal footballers
C.D . Atlético Marte footballers
Alianza Atlético footballers
FBC Melgar footballers
Peruvian Primera División players
Chilean Primera División players
Peruvian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Chile
Expatriate footballers in El Salvador
Sergio Novoa Rodríguez ( 10 June 1981 ) is a Colombian football manager and former player who played as a defender . He is the current assistant manager of Atlético Bucaramanga .
Coaching career
Atlético Bucaramanga
Having formerly been in charge of the U17 and U20 squads of Atlético Bucaramanga , Novoa was appointed manager of the club 's first team on 10 September 2019 after Hernán Torres was fired . He was replaced by José 'Willy ' Manuel Rodríguez in early November 2019 and then became a part of the new manager 's technical staff . Willy was fired in mid-February and Novoa took charge of the team again , this time as a caretaker manager . Two days later , Guillermo Sanguinetti was hired .
On 15 February 2021 , Novoa was named caretaker manager for the third time , until the new coach was hired on 23 February .
References
External links
1981 births
Living people
Colombian footballers
Colombian expatriate footballers
Colombian football managers
Atlético Bucaramanga footballers
Club San José players
Boyacá Chicó F.C . footballers
Chiapas F.C . footballers
Deportivo Pasto footballers
Atlético Huila footballers
Real Cartagena footballers
Alianza Petrolera players
Bnei Sakhnin F.C . players
Unión Magdalena footballers
Colombian expatriate sportspeople in Bolivia
Colombian expatriate sportspeople in Mexico
Colombian expatriate sportspeople in Israel
Expatriate footballers in Bolivia
Expatriate footballers in Mexico
Expatriate footballers in Israel
Association football midfielders
Atlético Bucaramanga managers
People from Bucaramanga
Sportspeople from Santander Department
Bay State Brawlers Roller Derby , ( BSB ) , is a women 's flat-track roller derby league based in the twin cities of Fitchburg and Leominster , Massachusetts . Founded in 2008 , Bay State is a member of the Women 's Flat Track Derby Association ( WFTDA ) .
History and organization
Bay State was founded in 2008 as `` Central Mass Roller Derby '' , and became Bay State Brawlers Roller Derby in 2011 . Bay State joined the WFTDA Apprentice Program in 2013 , and became a full member league in July 2014 .
In 2014 , the league featured 5 teams , the Petticoat Pushers , Brawlin ' Broads , Bluestocking Bombers , LumberJackies , and Switchblade Sallies . As of 2017 , the league has two teams that play teams from other leagues , the A-level Punishers , and the Brawlin ' Broads B team , with home events held at the Wallace Civic Center on the Fitchburg State University campus . The league is a non-profit organization , whose 30-40 members fundraise for various causes .
WFTDA rankings
References
Roller derby leagues in Massachusetts
Fitchburg , Massachusetts
Leominster , Massachusetts
Roller derby leagues established in 2008
Sports in Worcester County , Massachusetts
Women 's sports in the United States
Women 's Flat Track Derby Association leagues
2008 establishments in Massachusetts
Women in Massachusetts
Harold James Boyden ( 19 October 1910 – 26 September 1993 ) was a British Labour Party politician .
Boyden was educated at Tiffin Boys ' School , Kingston upon Thames , and King 's College London . He became a barrister , called to the bar by Lincoln 's Inn in 1947 and became Director of Extramural studies at Durham University from 1947 to 1959 , serving as chair of the National Institute for Adult Education from 1957 to 1960 . Boyden was a councillor on Durham County Council from 1952 to 1960 and a member of the executive of the Fabian Society .
Boyden was Member of Parliament for Bishop Auckland from 1959 to 1979 , preceding Derek Foster . Boyden was a junior minister for Education and Science from 1964 to 1965 , Parliamentary Secretary for Public Building and Works from 1965 to 1967 , and junior minister for Defence from 1967 to 1969 .
Notes
References
Times Guide to the House of Commons October 1974
External links
1910 births
1993 deaths
Labour Party ( UK ) MPs for English constituencies
Councillors in County Durham
Alumni of King 's College London
Academics of Durham University
UK MPs 1959–1964
UK MPs 1964–1966
UK MPs 1966–1970
UK MPs 1970–1974
UK MPs 1974
UK MPs 1974–1979
People educated at Tiffin School
Ministers in the Wilson governments , 1964–1970
Kenny & Zuke 's Delicatessen is a Jewish delicatessen in Portland , Oregon serving primarily non-kosher foods .
History
The restaurant opened in October 2007 , however , the principal owners , Ken Gordon and Nick Zukin , began their venture at the Hillsdale Farmers ' Market as The Pastrami King in 2006 . After regularly selling pastrami , they moved to Ken Gordon 's restaurant , Ken 's Place , for a Saturday brunch , renaming the venture Kenny & Zuke 's . Because of its popularity , the two started looking for a permanent location for the deli . Nick Zukin no longer is associated with Kenny & Zukes .
In September 2019 Ken Gordon confirmed that the company 's LLC , Body by Pastrami , will be undergoing Chapter 11 reorganization . The decision was prompted by a civil suit from food distributor Performance Food Group , alleging Kenny and Zuke 's owes $ 184,494 in unpaid invoices . According to Gordon , the planned reorganization will allow the debt owed to multiple creditors to be paid back in full over the course of eight to ten years while drastically decreasing their monthly payments , and allowing the business to remain open . He added that the restaurant is in `` absolutely no danger of closing , or curtailing operations in any way '' .
Awards and recognition
Named one of the top 10 sandwich shops in the country by Bon Appétit . Also named among the best restaurants in Portland by the Oregonian , which also named its Pastrami Burger one of the city 's `` Best Bites '' , and the Willamette Week , which also named it among the best spots for lunch , sandwiches , pre-show dinners , and lines worth the wait . Its Cobb Salad was named best in the city by Portland Monthly .
Kenny and Zuke 's was featured on Portland TV channel 12 's `` Dirty Dining '' segment on November 13 , 2008 , revealing that the popular restaurant had received a 73 because of repeat violations . Kenny & Zuke 's most recent score , September 10 , 2009 , was a 91 , with a previous score , observed March 13 , 2009 , of 84 .
Featured in the New York Times as the future of delicatessen .
Named one of the best delis in the world in Maxim Magazine .
Highlighted in Gourmet Magazine as one of two delis in North America leading an artisan revival in Jewish foods .
See also
List of Ashkenazi Jewish restaurants
List of delicatessens
References
External links
Kenny & Zuke 's Delicatessen ( official website )
Multnomah County Health Department restaurant inspections
The Oregonian Review
The Willamette Week Review
Seattle Magazine Review
2007 establishments in Oregon
Ashkenazi Jewish culture in the United States
Ashkenazi Jewish restaurants
Companies that filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in 2019
Jewish delicatessens in the United States
Jews and Judaism in Portland , Oregon
Privately held companies based in Oregon
Restaurants established in 2007
Restaurants in Portland , Oregon
Southwest Portland , Oregon
`` The Girl I Love She Got Long Black Wavy Hair '' ( also known as `` The Girl I Love '' ) is a song performed by English rock band Led Zeppelin . It was recorded by the BBC on 16 June 1969 for Chris Grant 's Tasty Pop Sundae show during the band 's UK Tour of Summer 1969 and was broadcast on 22 June 1969 . The song was later included on the live Led Zeppelin album BBC Sessions , released in 1997 . It is the only known performance of the song by the band .
The lyrics in the first verse are an adaptation of the 1929 blues recording `` The Girl I Love She Got Long Curley Hair '' by Sleepy John Estes . The 2016 remastered edition of The Complete BBC Sessions includes `` Contains interpolations from `` Let Me Love You Baby '' by Willie Dixon [ and ] `` Travelling Riverside Blues '' by Robert Johnson '' in the credits for the song .
References
Led Zeppelin songs
1969 songs
Songs written by Jimmy Page
Songs written by Robert Plant
Songs written by John Paul Jones ( musician )
Songs written by John Bonham
1997 singles
Song recordings produced by Jimmy Page
Atlantic Records singles
The 2008 AFC U-19 Championship the 35th edition of this tournament organized by the Asian Football Confederation ( AFC ) , was hosted by Saudi Arabia between 31 October and 14 November . The matches were played in Dammam and Khobar , both located at the Eastern Province .
Qualification Competition
Seedings
Draw
The draw was held on 6 April 2008 in Dammam , Saudi Arabia .
Venues
Squads
Group stage
All times are local ( UTC+3 ) .
Group A
Group B
Group C
Group D
Knockout stage
Quarterfinal
Semifinal
Final
Winners
Qualified to the 2009 FIFA U-20 World Cup
Awards
Goalscorers
4 goals
Ahmed Khalil
Kensuke Nagai
3 goals
Zhou Liao
Ali Oudah
Kota Mizunuma
Samad Shohzukhurov
2 goals
Sherzod Karimov
Mitch Nichols
Nawaf Al-Abid
Abdulrahim Jaizawi
Ehsan Hajsafi
Iman Mousavi
An Il-Bom
Mohamed Fawzi
Hamdan Al Kamali
1 goal
Milos Lujic
Sebastian Ryall
Sam Munro
Tahj Minniecon
Cao Yunding
Hui Jiakang
Piao Cheng
Tan Yang
Zhang Yuan
Jalaleddin Ali-Mohammadi
Kosuke Yamamoto
Jun Suzuki
Hiroki Miyazawa
Amer Abu Hwaiti
Yusuf Al-Rawashdeh
Khalil Bani Attiah
Yu Ji-No
Choi Jung-Han
Cho Young-Cheol
Kim Young-Gwon
Kim Dong-Sub
Kim Bo-Kyung
Moon Ki-Han
Mohammed Abusabaan
Omar Khudari
Mohammed Al-Qarni
Kassem Mannaa
Ahmad Zreik
Jo Jong-Chol
Ri Sang-Chol
Ri Hyong-Mu
Myong Cha-Hyon
Omar Al Soma
Davrondzhon Tukhtasunov
Farkhod Tokhirov
Farkhod Vasiev
Yodrak Namueangrak
Anusorn Srichaloung
Attapong Nooprom
Theyab Awana
Rashed Eisa
Habib Fardan
Abdulaziz Haikal
Davron Mirzaev
Fozil Musaev
Kenja Turaev
Abdullah Mousa
Own goal
Farkhod Vasiev ( playing against China )
External links
Details on AFC.com
2008
Youth
2008
October 2008 sports events in Asia
November 2008 sports events in Asia
2008 in youth association football
This 2012–13 season in League One was Crewe 's 89th competitive season in the English Football League and first upon return to League One after an absence spanning over three seasons .
Season key events
27 May 2012 : Goals from Nick Powell and Byron Moore secure a 2–0 win over Cheltenham Town in the 2011-12 Football League Two play-off final at Wembley .
1 June 2012 : The club announce that they will be releasing David Artell , Lee Bell , Carl Martin , Danny Shelley , Jordan Brown , Jason Oswell , Caspar Hughes , Michael Koral , Danny Ting and Jordan Connerton .
4 June 2012 : The club announce that youngster Paris Bateman has signed his first professional contract after graduating from the famed Crewe Academy .
6 June 2012 : It is announced that Harry Clayton has re-signed on a new one-year deal .
8 June 2012 : The club announces that Andy White has also re-signed a new one-year deal .
13 June 2012 : Crewe announces that Nick Powell has signed a four-year contract with Manchester United for £4m .
14 June 2012 : The club announces the re-signing of Ollie Turton , on a new one-year contract .
28 June 2012 : Crewe announces the signing of Torquay defender Mark Ellis for an undisclosed fee .
3 July 2012 : Goalkeeper Steve Phillips re-signs at the club on a new two-year deal , which involves him acting as the academy 's goal-keeping coach . Also , the club announces the signing of defender Gregor Robertson on a two-year contract after he was released by Chesterfield at the end of the 2011–12 season .
6 July 2012 : Crewe announces the signing of Mathias Pogba from Conference National side Wrexham .
9 July 2012 : Goalkeeper Alan Martin re-signs with the club on a new six-month deal .
10 July 2012 : The signing of Ebbsfleet United winger Michael West is announced for a nominal compensation package .
14 July 2012 : Crewe announces that striker Byron Moore has re-signed on a two-year deal .
16 July 2012 : The club announces the re-signing of defender Kelvin Mellor on a new two-year deal .
25 July 2012 : The club announce the signing of midfielder Abdul Osman on a free transfer and a two-year contract .
30 July 2012 : The club announces the departure of striker Shaun Miller on a two-year deal to Sheffield United for an undisclosed fee .
11 August 2012 : The season proper kicks off with a 5 – 0 victory over Hartlepool United in the First Round of the Football League Cup .
13 August 2012 : The re-signing of defender Adam Dugdale on a three-year deal is announced by the club .
18 August 2012 : The league campaign starts with a loss to Notts County ; the club 's first loss in twenty competitive matches .
21 August 2012 : Striker Harry Bunn joins the club from Manchester City on a six-month loan deal . Crewe beat Scunthorpe United 2–1 for their first win of the league campaign .
28 August 2012 : Crewe are knocked out of the Football League Cup in the second round with a 2 – 0 loss away to West Ham United .
31 August 2012 : Club captain Ashley Westwood is signed by Aston Villa for an undisclosed fee on a four-year deal .
7 September 2012 : Midfielder Chuks Aneke becomes Crewe 's second loanee of the season signing an initial one month contract from Arsenal .
7 April 2013 : Crewe are crowned champions of the Football League Trophy thanks to goals from Luke Murphy and Max Clayton .
Results
Pre-season
League One
League Cup
Football League Trophy
FA Cup
League table
Squad
First team squad
Players ' ages as of 27 April 2013
Squad statistics
Appearances
Appearances formatted as starts + substitutions .
|-
|colspan= '' 14 '' |Players that have played for Crewe Alexandra this season that have left the club or are currently out on loan :
| }
Goalscorers
Players highlighted in light grey denote the player had scored for the club before leaving for another club
Players highlighted in light cyan denote the player has scored for the club after arriving at Crewe during the season
Players highlighted in Blonde denote the player has scored for the club before leaving the club on loan for part/the rest of the season
Disciplinary record
Players highlighted in light grey denote the player has received a yellow/red card for the club before leaving for another club
Players highlighted in light cyan denote the player has received a yellow/red card for the club after arriving at Crewe during the season
Players highlighted in Blonde denote the player has received a yellow/red card for the club before leaving the club on loan for part/the rest of the season
Notes
Transfers
Summer
In
Out
References
External links
Crewe Alexandra F.C . Official Website
Crewe Alexandra F.C . seasons
Crewe Alexandra
Cécile Rilhac ( born 21 April 1974 ) is a French politician of La République En Marche ! ( LREM ) who has been serving as a member of the French National Assembly since 18 June 2017 , representing the department of Val-d'Oise .
Political career
In parliament , Rilhac serves on the Committee on Cultural Affairs and Education . In addition to her committee assignments , she is part of the French-Algerian Parliamentary Friendship Group .
In 2020 , Rilhac joined En commun ( EC ) , a group within LREM led by Barbara Pompili .
Political positions
Domestic policy
In June 2019 , Rilhac was one of four members of the LREM parliamentary group who joined a cross-party initiative to legalize the distribution and use of cannabis . Along with four other LREM members – Coralie Dubost , Jean-Michel Mis , Stéphane Trompille , and Eric Bothorel – , she disassociated herself from their colleague Aurore Bergé when the latter announced her intention in October 2019 to vote for a Republican draft law banning the wearing of the hijab by women accompanying groups of students on school outings .
In 2020 , Rilhac was one of ten LREM members who voted against her parliamentary group 's majority and opposed a much discussed security bill drafted by her colleagues Alice Thourot and Jean-Michel Fauvergue that helps , among other measures , curtail the filming of police forces .
Foreign policy
In 2018 , Rilhac joined other co-signatories around Sébastien Nadot in officially filing a request for a commission of inquiry into the legality of French weapons sales to the Saudi-led coalition fighting in Yemen , days before an official visit of Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman to Paris .
In July 2019 , Rilhac voted in favor of the French ratification of the European Union 's Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement ( CETA ) with Canada .
See also
2017 French legislative election
References
1974 births
Living people
Deputies of the 15th National Assembly of the French Fifth Republic
La République En Marche ! politicians
21st-century French women politicians
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Women members of the National Assembly ( France )
Members of Parliament for Val-d'Oise
In music theory , a natural ( ♮ ) is an accidental which cancels previous accidentals and represents the unaltered pitch of a note . A note is natural when it is neither flat ( ) nor sharp ( ) ( nor double-flat nor double-sharp ) . Natural notes are the notes A , B , C , D , E , F , and G represented by the white keys on the keyboard of a piano or organ . On a modern concert harp , the middle position of the seven pedals that alter the tuning of the strings gives the natural pitch for each string .
The scale of C major is sometimes regarded as the central , natural or basic major scale because all of its notes are natural notes , whereas every other major scale in the circle of fifths has at least one sharp or flat in it .
The notes F , C , E , B , and most notes inflected by double-flats and double-sharps correspond in pitch with natural notes ; however , they are not regarded as natural notes but rather as enharmonic equivalents of them and are just as much chromatically inflected notes as most sharped and flatted notes that are represented by black notes on a keyboard .
Natural sign
In musical notation , a natural sign ( ) is an accidental sign used to cancel a flat or sharp from either a preceding note or the key signature .
If a bar contains a double sharp or double flat accidental and the composer wishes to denote the same note with only a single sharp or flat , a natural sign traditionally precedes the ( single ) sharp or flat symbol . Naturals are assumed ( by default ) in key signatures and mentioned only in key signature changes .
The natural sign is derived from a square b used to denote B in medieval music ( in contrast with the round b denoting B , which became the flat symbol ) . The Unicode character MUSIC NATURAL SIGN '♮ ' ( U+266E ) should display as a natural sign . Its HTML entity is .
Double natural
In a case where one needs to cancel both sharps or flats of a double sharp or double flat , it is acceptable to write a single natural . In older practice , two naturals ( ) can be written . Similarly , to cancel one flat or sharp from a double flat or sharp , the traditional convention is to use ( ) or ( ) respectively , but the naturals are generally omitted in modern notational practice .
See also
Sharp ( music )
Flat ( music )
References
Musical notation
Pitch ( music )
Polycomb repressive complex 1 ( PRC1 ) is one of the two classes of Polycomb Repressive complexes , the other being PRC2 . Polycomb-group proteins play a major role in transcriptional regulation during development . Polycomb Repressive Complexes PRC1 and PRC2 function in the silencing of expression of the Hox gene network involved in development as well as the inactivation of the X chromosome . PRC1 inhibits the activated form of RNA polymerase II preinitiation complex with the use of H3K27me . PRC1 binds to three nucleosomes , this is believed to limit access of transcription factors to the chromatin , and therefore limit gene expression .
References
Proteins
The Zăbrăuț is a right tributary of the river Siret in Romania . It discharges into the Siret near Pădureni . Its length is and its basin size is .
References
Rivers of Romania
Rivers of Vrancea County
Drift is a 2013 Australian film about the birth of the surf industry in the 1970s . It was shot in Western Australia and co-directed by Morgan O'Neill and Ben Nott . It stars Sam Worthington , Xavier Samuel and Myles Pollard , and is based on several true stories from the era .
Plot
In the late 1960s two young brothers in Sydney escape a violent household with their mother Kat ( Robyn Malcolm ) by stealing the family car as her partner sleeps . They cross the continent with the intention of hiding out and making a new start in distant Albany , Western Australia .
Arriving south of Perth on the West Coast , they spot a perfect surf break and convince Kat to settle instead in a caravan park in Seacliffe ( filmed in Margaret River ) , and the kids attend a local school while their mother does piecework as a seamstress .
The film then cuts forward to 1972 their time as young adults , living with their mum in a run-down house she bought by the beach . Older brother Andy ( Myles Pollard ) works in a timber mill : surf prodigy Jimmy ( Xavier Samuel ) wins the 1972 Seacliffe Amateur surf title - but away from the surf , he is listless and involved in petty crime .
Determined to escape their lack of prospects , headstrong Andy and his brother form a volatile alliance . Andy sees a gap in the market and fashions custom-made wetsuits sewed by Kat , and new short surfboards in their backyard garage , eventually attracting some sales , although they are refused a bank loan to develop the business .
JB , an infamous itinerant surf filmmaker ( Sam Worthington ) and Lani ( Lesley-Ann Brandt ) , his Hawaiian companion , drive into town in a converted school bus towing a Mini Moke . The brothers start a business called Drift , and their troubles with a drug-dealing biker gang begin to escalate .
JB embodies the era 's anti-establishment vibe and is skeptical of Andy 's interest in expanding his business , but soon realizes if the brothers can survive and stay true to their surfing roots , they might be part of something greater .
The fledgling business generates a powerful buzz amongst the hard-core local surfers , but shooting publicity shots , as Jimmy is towed onto a huge wave at a surf break called `` the Morgue '' , causes tensions as their boat capsizes and JB 's expensive waterproof camera is lost .
The brothers ' progressive ideas further annoy the conservative locals and particularly the police , and they also find themselves embroiled in a violent feud with the bikers . The gang leader Miller uses a heroin addicted surfer , Gus , to import kilos of heroin concealed in an order of surfboard blanks to the Drift surf shop .
But the drugs are discovered by the brothers and flushed away by Andy , imperiling their and Gus 's lives when the gang discovers they have no product and a large debt to suppliers . Gus , after trying to quit drugs , commits suicide by paddling out into the surf . Andy 's growing relationship with Lani causes some friction between the brothers and with JB .
The town host a pro surf competition , which Andy enters with the intention of using prize money to pay the bikers back . But Jimmy , a better surfer , returns from a period of introspection where he was also hiding out from the gang in fear of his life , replacing his brother .
Jimmy gets to the competition final with a Hawaiian pro . In the last 60 seconds Jimmy , who is losing on points , catches a huge wave , surfs a long barrel , and is photographed by JB ( who has located and fixed his camera ) doing a hands-off aerial . He wipes out , is injured underwater on the reef and rescued by Andy , and loses the competition .
Without any money to pay the bikers , Kay agrees to sell the family house to the bank manager for a low price . The brothers drive to the surf shop and discover it is packed with customers , looked after by Lani . The reason is JB 's photo is on the front page of the local newspaper , with the headline 'The future of surfing ' . With money suddenly rolling in , Andy rips up and burns the house sale deed in front of the banker .
Jimmy is invited to join the world pro surf tour . He reluctantly agrees to go and discover the world , encouraged by JB , who lets slip that Miller , the leader of the biker gang has been arrested - JB secretly planted Indonesian hash in his house and tipped off the police . Andy , Lani and Kat wave as JB starts his bus and drives out of town to unknown future surf breaks .
Cast
Xavier Samuel as Jimmy
Myles Pollard as Andy
Sam Worthington as JB
Lesley-Ann Brandt as Lani
Robyn Malcolm as Kat
Maurie Ogden as Percy
Aaron Glenane as Gus
Sean Keenan as young Andy
Production
Tim Duffy wrote an early script in 2007 . Myles Pollard became attached as actor and producer and asked Sam Worthington , with whom he had attended Drama School , to star . Worthington expressed interest but at the time was unable to commit given his international film schedule . Morgan O'Neill wrote the screenplay and came on board as co-director with Ben Nott . Worthington became available and agreed to play a support role and funding was obtained from Screen Australia , Screen West , Screen NSW , Tourism WA and Fulcrum Media Finance . Shooting took 31 days in August–September 2011 in south west Western Australia .
Box office
The film was released in Australia in early 2013 . On its opening weekend it earned $ 268,570 at the box office making an average of $ 1,918 across 140 screens .
Film festivals
Official selection Hamptons Film Festival 2013
Official selection Newport Beach Film Festival 2013
Official selection Maui International Film Festival 2013
Official selection Rincon International Film Festival 2013
Awards
Critical response
On review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes , the film holds an approval rating of 32 % based on 19 reviews , with an average rating of 4.65/10 . On Metacritic , the film has a weighted average score of 35 out of 100 , based on 10 critics , indicating `` generally unfavorable reviews '' .
Australian critical response was generally positive :
`` An entertaining ride with startling cinematography '' - Roger Moore , McClatchy - Tribune News Service .
`` Four Stars '' - David & Margaret At The Movies . ABC1 .
`` I had a ball . It 's funny and truthful ... and the surfing takes your breath away '' - Paul Byrnes , The Sydney Morning Herald .
`` Great story , great cast ... 5 stars ... Best Aussie film since The Castle '' - Jason Davis , Weekend Sunrise Seven Networks .
`` Pollard and Samuel are excellent '' - David Stratton , The Australian .
`` O'Neill 's story of innovation against the odds and young manhood continually surprises and engages '' - Daniel Murphy , Empire
`` Four Stars '' - The Australian .
`` Exquisitely shot and warmly crafted '' - Erin Free , FilmInk .
`` Thrilling ... dramatically compelling '' - Nick Dent , Time Out Sydney .
`` The best surfing I 've seen in a feature film '' - Stu Nettle , Swellnet .
`` Drift is that rare thing : an Australian surf film with not just spectacular wave action but an engaging story '' - Garry Maddox , Sydney Morning Herald .
An SBS movie review criticised the last few minutes : `` The pacing stumbles slightly in the third act , when the bikie/drug-running subplot collides with the surf-contest/familial tension story ; there is a sense that in trying to honour both strands , the film pushed out its running time unduly . There is also a coda-like wrap-up involving JB that feels like it may have been the quickest way to tie up loose ends . ''
References
External links
Review at The Australian
Drift at Hopscotch Films
Drift at At the Movies
Review at Sydney Morning Herald
Review at Filmink
Article at Sydney Morning Herald
Review at Time Out
Films directed by Morgan O'Neill
2013 films
Films set in Western Australia
Australian surfing films
Films scored by Michael Yezerski
2010s English-language films
Dávid Stoiacovici ( born 5 July 1999 ) is a Hungarian football player who plays for FC Ajka .
Career
Budapest Honvéd
On 18 November 2017 , Stoiacovici played his first match for Budapest Honvéd in a 1-2 loss against Újpest in the Hungarian League .
Club statistics
Updated to games played as of 9 August 2020 .
References
External links
Profile at MLSZ
1999 births
Living people
Footballers from Budapest
Hungarian footballers
Association football midfielders
Budapest Honvéd FC players
Budapest Honvéd FC II players
Tiszakécske FC footballers
FC Ajka players
Nemzeti Bajnokság I players
Nemzeti Bajnokság II players
Joachim Willén ( born August 23 , 1972 ) is a triathlete from Sweden .
Willen competed at the first Olympic triathlon at the 2000 Summer Olympics . He took thirty-fifth place with a total time of 1:51:40.80 .
References
1972 births
Living people
Swedish male triathletes
Olympic triathletes of Sweden
Triathletes at the 2000 Summer Olympics
20th-century Swedish people
21st-century Swedish people
The 2021 Queen 's Birthday Honours in New Zealand , celebrating the official birthday of Queen Elizabeth II , were appointments made by the Queen in her right as Queen of New Zealand , on the advice of the New Zealand government , to various orders and honours to reward and highlight good works by New Zealanders . They were announced on 7 June 2021 .
The recipients of honours are displayed here as they were styled before their new honour .
New Zealand Order of Merit
Dame Companion ( DNZM )
Professor Carolyn Waugh Burns – of Roslyn . For services to ecological research .
Judith Anne Kilpatrick – of Kumeū . For services to nursing education .
Hinewehi Mohi – of Havelock North . For services to Māori , music and television .
Ruia Mereana Morrison – of Rotorua . For services to tennis .
Knight Companion ( KNZM )
Michael Grenfell Daniell – of Herne Bay . For services to business , healthcare and governance .
Distinguished Professor William Alexander Denny – of Pakuranga . For services to medical research .
Wayne Thomas Shelford – of Red Beach . For services to rugby and the community .
Grahame Charles Sydney – of Oturehua . For services to art .
Companion ( CNZM )
Dr Evelyn Imelda Coxon – of Auckland . For services to Pacific and tertiary education .
David Charles Cull – of Dunedin . For services to local government .
Robert Charles Francis – of Masterton . For services to the community and conservation .
Professor Angus Hikairo Macfarlane – of Ilam . For services to education , psychology and Māori .
Dr Kevin Raymond Marshall – of Seatoun . For services to food science and technology .
Harry Haerengarangi Mikaere – of Coromandel . For services to the aquaculture industry and Māori .
John Stewart Ombler – of Wanaka . For services to the public service .
Professor Suzanne Carolyn Purdy – of Greenlane . For services to audiology and communication science .
Professor Emeritus David Eric Richmond – of Mount Wellington . For services to health and education .
Dr Robert Simon Hearn Rowley – of Mount Eden . For services to paediatric and neonatal care .
Dr Maxwell Gilbert Shepherd – of Wanaka . For services to biotechnology and business .
John Webster Te Kapene Thatcher – of Tauranga . For services to Māori and education .
Officer ( ONZM )
Murray Ian Bain – of Kerikeri . For services to tertiary education and digital learning .
Margaret Mary Baker – of Hastings . For services to Special Olympics .
Carol Ann Beaumont – of Epsom . For services to the union movement and women 's rights .
David Ross Black – of Wanaka . For services to health .
James Anthony Brownlie – of Wairoa . For services to agriculture and education .
Jamie Bull – of Ōtaki Beach . For services to the performing arts and the community .
Hugh Jason Paul Canard – of Spreydon . For services to conservation and paddle sports .
Garry Keith Carnachan – of New Plymouth . For services to secondary school sport .
Margaret Agnes Chapman – of Geraldine . For services to rural women and rural communities .
Reverend Iliafi Talotusitusi Esera – of Whanganui . For services to the Samoan community and Christian ministry .
Fiona Mary Gower – of Tuakau . For services to rural women and governance .
Dr Anne Denise Guy – of Karori . For services to infant mental health .
Susan Jean Hassall – of Cambridge . For services to education .
Anne Lynette Hawker – of Broadmeadows . For services to people with disabilities .
Professor Emerita Paula Elizabeth Jameson – of Fendalton . For services to plant science .
Esther Rata Jessop – of London . For services to Māori and to New Zealand–British relations .
Takutai Moana Natasha Kemp – of Papakura . For services to street dance and youth .
Robert Henry Ludbrook – of Hillsborough . For services to family law and children 's rights .
Mary Joan McFarlane – of St Clair . For services to swimming .
Dr Benjamin Frank Pittman – of Hikurangi . For services to Māori and art .
Fiona Jocelyn Riddell – of Kingsland . For services to cardiac physiology .
Dr Linda Janet Robertson – of St Clair . For services to occupational therapy and seniors .
Itamua Muaiao'omalo Mataiva Dorothy Robertson – of New Plymouth . For services to women , youth and the Pacific community .
Riccardo Michele Salizzo – of New Jersey , United States . For services to sports media .
Noma Jeanne Shepherd – of Kawakawa . For services to the community .
Professor Harold John Simpson – of Fendalton . For services to art education .
Darien Ruth Takle – of Mount Eden . For services to the performing arts .
Gwendoline Tepania-Palmer – of Forest Lake . For services to Māori and health .
Philip Spencer Trusttum – of Christchurch Central City . For services to art .
Beverley Celia Watson – of Avondale . For services to race relations and youth .
Bruce William Massy Wills – of Hastings . For services to agriculture and the environment .
Neil Bernard Woodhams – of Herald Island . For services to people with multiple sclerosis .
Honorary
Dr Wolfgang Scholz – of Milford . For services to engineering and metals-based industry .
Member ( MNZM )
Lynette Kaye Anderson – of Casebrook , Christchurch . For services to the zoological industry and conservation .
David John Appleyard – of Stokes Valley . For services to education .
Ryan Jeffrey Archibald – of Westmere . For services to hockey .
Jane Ross Arnott – of Acacia Bay . For services to Pacific communities and conservation advocacy .
Sergeant Gurpreet Singh Arora – of Golflands . For services to the New Zealand Police and ethnic communities .
Richard Douglas Benge – of Newtown . For services to arts accessibility .
Danielle Rachelle Bergin – of Point England . For services to the community , particularly the homeless .
Murray Frank Binning – of Kumeū . For services to Fire and Emergency New Zealand .
Adam Ngawati Blair – of Westmere . For services to rugby league .
Cynthia Margaret Bowers – of Waipawa . For services to the community and local government .
Dorothy Joy Burt – of Point England . For services to digital learning .
Catherine Frances Cooney – of Holdens Bay . For services to health and the community .
Yvette Louise Couch-Lewis – of Lyttelton . For services to conservation and Māori .
Nicola Jane Denholm – of Mission Bay . For services to humanitarian advocacy and photography .
Mustafa Ismail Derbashi – of Titirangi . For services to migrant and refugee communities .
Margaret Ann Dodds – of Halswell . For services to special education .
Graeme Alexander Downes – of Ōtaki . For services to music and music education .
Miles Denis Ellery – of Ilam . For services to youth , education and the community .
Siale Katoa Latu Pasa Faitotonu – of Upper Riccarton . For services to Pacific education .
Kathleen Margaret Farrell – of Fitzroy , Hamilton . For services to netball .
Margaret Marie Farry-Williams – of New Lynn . For services to the fashion industry and charitable fundraising .
Dr Michael John Fletcher – of Strathmore . For services to social and public policy .
Dr Janet Seymour Frater – of Greenlane . For services as a general practitioner .
Lala Athene Frazer – of Broad Bay . For services to conservation .
Sameer Handa – of Parnell . For services to business and New Zealand–India relations .
Iqbal Manzoor ( Bali ) Haque – of New Plymouth . For services to education governance .
Bruce Henry Hart – of Kelson . For services to education .
Francis William Helps – of Akaroa . For services to wildlife conservation .
Shireen May Helps – of Akaroa . For services to wildlife conservation .
Michael David Holdsworth – of Thorndon . For services to Special Olympics .
Margaret Anne Hopkins – of Oban . For services to conservation and the community .
Peter Ronald Horne – of Taitā . For services to bowls and Paralympic sport .
Sally Anne Jackson – of Waikanae . For services to special education .
Shirley Diane Kerr – of Rotorua . For services to mycology .
Mary Louise Kisler – of Freemans Bay . For services to art history and curation .
Hoani Sydney Langsbury – of Dunedin . For services to conservation .
Shirley Audrey Lanigan – of Epuni . For services to nursing .
Kenneth Bernard Laurent – of Whakatāne . For services to wildlife conservation .
Susanne Maire Laurent – of Whakatāne . For services to wildlife conservation .
Colleen Janice Lyons – of St Clair . For services to netball and education .
Dr Peter Alexander Maddison – of Katikati . For services to conservation .
Posenai Samoa Mavaega – of Mount Roskill . For services to Pacific performing arts .
Tanya Soliali ' i Mavaega ( Tanya Muagututi ' a ) – of Mount Roskill . For services to Pacific performing arts .
Phillis-Jean Meti – of Avondale . For services to sport , particularly golf .
Mani Bruce Mitchell – of Brooklyn . For services to intersex advocacy and education .
Ted Turua Ngataki – of Papakura . For services to Māori and the community .
Caron Orelowitz – of Mount Albert . For services to podiatry .
Karoline Fuarosa Park-Tamati ( Ladi6 ) – of Mount Eden . For services to music .
Janet Louise Peters – of Mount Maunganui . For services to mental health .
Stephen Leslie Phillips – of Rolleston . For services to seniors and the community .
Samantha Anne Powell ( Dr Samantha Murton ) – of Brooklyn . For services to medical education , particularly general practice .
Tere Veronica Rapley – of Auckland . For services to music and television .
Maxine Khrona Shortland – of Kawakawa . For services to netball and governance .
Robin John Simmons – of Kimbolton . For services to the rail industry .
Gina Solomon – of Kaikōura . For services to conservation and governance .
Reverend Janice Ellen Stead – of Parklands . For services to sport and the community .
Mairehe Louise Marie Tankersley – of Sydenham . For services to prisoners ' welfare and Māori .
Gabriel Pikiao Edward Te Moana – of Tūrangi . For services to Māori and governance .
Helen Theresa Cecilia Varney – of Devonport . For services to education , particularly Pacific education .
Karen Vercoe – of Victoria , Rotorua . For services to governance and sport .
Graeme Douglas Watts – of Whangamatā . For services to the community and charity fundraising .
Heather Margaret Williamson – of Tokoroa . For services to netball and the community .
Tracey Lee Wright-Tawha – of Windsor , Invercargill . For services to health and Māori
Honorary
Louisa Humphry – of the Thames . For services to the Kiribati community and culture .
Companion of the Queen 's Service Order ( QSO )
The Honourable Ruth Suzanne Dyson – of Redcliffs . For services as a member of Parliament and to people with disabilities .
Michelle Susan Grant – of Elgin . For services to victims of sexual violence .
David Alan Matthews – of Cashmere . For services to people with disabilities .
Peter Anthony Miskimmin – of Eastbourne . For services to sports governance and public service .
Sarah Ann Stuart-Black – of Wellington . For services to emergency management .
Heather Leigh Tanguay – of Glen Eden . For services to local government and the community .
Queen 's Service Medal ( QSM )
Carolyn Anne Amos – of Kenepuru . For services to the community .
Graeme Rodney Baker – of Whanganui East . For services to the community .
Grant Andrew Aaron Baker – of Aotea . For services to cricket and the community .
Jacquetta Bell – of Nelson . For services to the arts and the community .
Dr Alastair Hartley Blackie – of Kaiapoi . For services to dentistry and local government .
Suzanne Blakely – of Redcliffs . For services to refugees and ESOL education .
Bruce Edwin Bold – of Maoribank . For services to the community .
Sergeant Andrew George Brooke – of Hokowhitu . For services to Search and Rescue .
Barbara Michelle Cameron – of Feilding . For services to the community and local government .
Charles Edwin Campbell – of Caversham . For services to the performing arts .
Grant Kenneth Conaghan – of Whangārei . For services to Search and Rescue .
Kevin Graham Curtis – of Matamata . For services to Fire and Emergency New Zealand and the community .
Diana Lois Dobson – of Blenheim . For services to wildlife conservation .
Sonia Elizabeth Edwards – of Ōpōtiki . For services to historical research and the community .
Carol Annette Frost – of Caversham . For services to the homeless and prisoner rehabilitation .
Dr Derek Clifton Gibbons – of Dargaville . For services to health .
Robert MacGregor Greenfield – of Wilton . For services to college football .
Neville Henry Jacobsen – of Dannevirke . For services to Fire and Emergency New Zealand and the community .
Gary Irving Lang – of Kaiapoi South . For services to Special Olympics and the community .
Heather Dorothy Lear – of Remuera . For services to inclusive education .
Ian Christopher Leigh-Mackenzie – of Opononi . For services to the community .
Judith Elaine Livingston – of Te Hapara . For services to music and the community .
Ronal Arthur Luxton – of Temuka . For services to health and the community .
Habib Ullah Marwat – of Woolston . For services to Muslim and ethnic communities .
Yvonne Mavis Officer – of Otatara . For services to victim support .
Mila Kim Oh – of West Harbour . For services to Korean culture and New Zealand–Republic of Korea relations .
Te Rehia Teresa Fay Papesch – of Dinsdale . For services to the community and public service .
Reverend Victor Siaosi Pouesi – of Māngere East . For services to the Samoan community .
Anita Ruth Prime – of Whitianga . For services to youth and the community .
Alan John Reekie – of Forrest Hill . For services to performing arts governance .
Diana Helen Reid – of Darfield . For services to cancer support .
Jannette Leah Riley – of Motueka . For services to cancer support and fundraising .
Yvonne Esther Roberts – of Picton . For services to quilting and patchwork craft .
Benita Jane Robinson – of Stokes Valley . For services to the community .
John Robert Sandison – of Fairy Springs . For services to Fire and Emergency New Zealand and the community .
Taualoa Lalopua Sanele – of Maupuia . For services to the union movement and Samoan community .
Gregory John Loisel Shelton – of Tolaga Bay . For services to the community .
Elizabeth Margaret Steel – of Heriot . For services to the community .
Vanessa Ann Taylor – of Stokes Valley . For services to bowls and the community .
Kenneth Terrance Trinder – of New Plymouth . For services to Māori and the community .
Paul Eric Tyson – of Mornington . For services to sport and the community .
Rachael Anne Utumapu – of New Plymouth . For services to Fire and Emergency New Zealand and people with cancer .
Kim Heather Ward – of Paremoremo . For services to the community .
Janice Valida White – of Huntington . For services to seniors and people with disabilities .
Gordon Wu – of Miramar . For services to the Chinese community
New Zealand Distinguished Service Decoration ( DSD )
Captain Matt Carey – of Silverstream . For services to the New Zealand Defence Force .
Lieutenant Colonel Adam John Modd – of Upper Hutt . For services to the New Zealand Defence Force .
References
Birthday Honours
2021 awards
2021 in New Zealand
New Zealand awards
The Elite is a team of fictional super-powered antiheroes appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics , in particular those featuring Superman and The Justice League . They are DC 's response to Wildstorm 's The Authority . The Elite made their first appearance in the story `` What 's So Funny About Truth , Justice & the American Way ? `` , published in Action Comics # 775 ( March 2001 ) . The story , which was voted number 1 in Wizard magazine 's `` Top Ten Comics of the Decade '' , was written by Joe Kelly , inked by Tom Nguyen and penciled by Doug Mahnke and Lee Bermejo . They appeared as antagonists before some of the characters merged with members of the Justice League to form the Justice League Elite .
Fictional team history
Team members
Manchester Black is the team 's first leader . A British telekinetic vigilante , currently inactive after realizing that he had become as bad as the villains that he wanted to fight . His Union Jack shirt echoes the Authority 's Jenny Sparks .
Vera Black is a British psionic cyborg , sister of Manchester Black and the second leader of the Elite .
Coldcast is a very large and muscular African-American man who wore dreadlocks and chains and manacles around his neck and wrists . He is capable of manipulating electromagnetism . He was eventually inspired by Superman to fight on the side of heroes .
The first Menagerie is a Puerto Rican woman with a symbiotic suit of armor that allows her to transform into a chimeric creature . She was lobotomized and rendered comatose .
The second Menagerie is the sister of Menagerie I . She joins with an alien weapon cache that drives her insane , and later is incarcerated in a metahuman prison facility .
The Hat is a young and powerful Asian Earth elemental with a measure of invulnerability and an ability to breathe fire . He is armed with a magic hat from which he can pull any item he desires , summon demons , and wield magic . He quits the team shortly after Vera Black takes over .
Bunny is a bacterial colony that became a floating fortress before the Elite brought her to their universe to use as a base of operations . It contains many wonders , such as Excalibur and the skeleton of Pegasus .
Collected editions
All appearances of The Elite apart from Action Comics # 795 have been reprinted in trade paperbacks :
Justice League Elite :
Volume 1 ( collects : Action Comics # 775 , JLA # 100 , JLA Secret Files 2004 , and Justice League Elite # 1–4 , 208 pages , 2005 )
Volume 2 ( collects Justice League Elite # 5–12 , 192 pages , 2007 )
Superman : The Greatest Stories Ever Told Volume 1 ( includes Action Comics # 775 , 192 pages )
In other media
The Elite appeared in the fourth season of Supergirl with Manchester Black portrayed by David Ajala , Menagerie by Jessica Merez , and Hat by Louis Ozawa Changchien . It is formed by Manchester Black ( who is just a normal human in this version , though he has at times used enhanced weaponry or armor ) , along with Menagerie ( who is bonded with a serpentine alien symbiote ) , Hat ( an alien whose hat has 5th Dimension properties ) , and Morae that 's nicknamed `` Mo '' in response to the bigotry of Ben Lockwood and the Children of Liberty as well as the ineffectiveness of the government and D.E.O . Manchester recruits Menagerie and Hat while in jail and they break out alongside the unnamed Morae . Believing that the government ca n't be trusted and superheroes will not stop killers who do n't share their principles , they set out to kill the Children of Liberty and anyone else who would harm earthbound aliens , daring Supergirl to challenge them . They steal Brainiac 5 's Legion Ring for Manchester Black and attempt to have the Claymore satellite - originally created to destroy alien ships within Earth 's vicinity - fire at the White House . Menagerie is captured before an assassination attempt on Lockwood and the remaining members steal equipment from the Fortress of Solitude which they use to incite violence at a peaceful alien protest against an anti-alien rally . Supergirl and her friends are able to defeat and arrest Mo and Hat . Manchester remained as the last member when he attempted to destroy dam and flood National City , only to be killed by Martian Manhunter ( J'onn J'onzz ) , ending the Elite .
The Elite appeared in Superman vs . The Elite , with Manchester Black voiced by Robin Atkin Downes , Vera Black by Marcella Lentz-Pope , Coldcast by Catero Colbert , Menagerie by Melissa Disney , and Hat by Andrew Kishino . The Elite is initially better received than Superman by the public for simply killing superpowered criminals , thus providing instant results after Atomic Skull escaped and went on a killing spree . The Elite grow to become darker and eventually tyrannical over the course of weeks and appear to kill Superman when he opposes them . After Superman returns and defeats them in a terrifying rampage , seeming to slaughter them without mercy as he tells them that he 's going to do things their way now , he reveals that he actually showed mercy and simply disabled the Elite 's powers . Public opinion switches back to Superman .
References
External links
2001 comics debuts
DC Comics superhero teams
Characters created by Joe Kelly
DC Comics supervillain teams
Dynoides bicolor is a species of isopod in the family Sphaeromatidae .
References
bicolor
Elisabeth Joan Doyle ( April 22 , 1922 – January 15 , 2009 ) was an American historian , author , and educator who specialized in nineteenth century American and British history .
Doyle was born in Chicago , Illinois to Michael B. Doyle and Mary Bowman Doyle . She attended Indiana University , Bloomington , and received an A.B . ( 1942 ) and A.M. ( 1948 ) , both in history . The topic of her master 's thesis was `` The Congressional Career of Oscar W. Underwood of Alabama . '' She then became the first woman to receive a Ph.D. in Civil War history from Louisiana State University ( 1955 ) . Her doctoral dissertation , `` Civilian Life in Occupied New Orleans , 1862-1865 , '' was supervised by T. Harry Williams . She also attended Oxford University during Summer 1959 .
Doyle began her teaching career as an instructor at Marymount Junior College from 1955 to 1956 , before becoming an Assistant Professor at Glenville State College ( 1956-1958 ) , Wheeling College ( 1958-1961 ) , and Southeast Louisiana College ( 1961-1964 ) . Doyle then moved to St. John 's University in New York , where she was an Assistant Professor ( 1964-1966 ) and then Associate Professor from 1966 until her retirement in 1978 . At St. John 's , she was editor of Humanitas of St. John 's University ( formerly known as the St. John 's University Humanities Newsletter ) from 1966 to 1972 .
While teaching at Southeast Louisiana College , Doyle was also diocesan historian and archivist for the Diocese of Baton Rouge from 1962-1964 . She prepared A Guide to Archival Materials Held by the Catholic Diocese of Baton Rouge , Department of History and Archives ( 1964 ) .
Doyle contributed articles to Civil War History , Journal of Southern History , Louisiana Studies , and Mid-America , as well as a chapter to Congress Investigates : A Documented History , 1792-1974 ( 1975 ) . She remained an active scholar long after her retirement , contributing book reviews to scholarly journals , as well as a chapter to Cross , Crozier , and Crucible : A Volume Celebrating the Bicentennial of a Catholic Diocese in Louisiana ( 1993 ) .
After her retirement from St. John 's , Doyle lived primarily in Covington , Louisiana , and volunteered as an Elder Hostess at St. Joseph 's Abbey in Saint Benedict , Louisiana . She died at age 86 at Meadowood Retirement Community in Bloomington , Indiana , and was buried at Valhalla Memory Gardens in Bloomington .
Publications
Major publications by Elisabeth Joan Doyle :
Doyle , Elisabeth Joan . `` Greenbacks , Car Tickets , and the Pot of Gold : The Effects of Wartime Occupation on the Business Life of New Orleans , 1861-1865 . '' Civil War History 5 , no . 4 ( December 1959 ) : 347-362 , https : //doi.org/10.1353/cwh.1959.0036
Doyle , Elisabeth Joan . `` Nurseries of Treason : Schools in Occupied New Orleans . '' Journal of Southern History 26 , no . 2 ( May 1960 ) : 161-179 , JSTOR , https : //www.jstor.org/stable/2955181
Doyle , Elisabeth Joan . `` New Orleans Courts Under Military Occupation 1861-1865 . '' Mid-America 42 ( July 1960 ) : 185-192 .
Doyle , Elisabeth Joan . A Guide to Archival Materials Held by the Catholic Diocese of Baton Rouge , Department of History and Archives . Baton Rouge , LA : Department of History and Archives , the Catholic Diocese of Baton Rouge , 1964 .
Doyle , Elisabeth Joan . `` A Report on Civil War America : Sir James Fergusson 's Five-Week Visit . '' Civil War History 12 , no . 4 ( December 1966 ) : 347-362 , https : //doi.org/10.1353/cwh.1966.0066
Doyle , Elisabeth Joan . `` 'Rottenness in Every Direction ' : The Stokes Investigation in Civil War New Orleans . '' Civil War History 18 , no . 1 ( March 1972 ) : 24-41 , https : //doi.org/10.1353/cwh.1972.0087
Doyle , Elisabeth Joan . `` Zoé Campbell : A southern lady travels north in 1860 . '' Louisiana Studies 13 , no . 4 ( Winter 1974 ) : 313-344 .
Doyle , Joan . `` On Access to Ph.D. 's . '' New York Times , 21 February 1975 , 31 .
Doyle , Elisabeth Joan . `` The Conduct of the War , 1861 . '' In Arthur M. Schlesinger , Jr. and Roger Bruns ( eds . ) , Congress Investigates : A Documented History , 1792-1974 . New York : Chelsea House Publications , 1975 , Vol . 2 , 1197-1232 .
Doyle , Elisabeth Joan . `` Bishop Auguste Marie Martin of Natchitoches and the Civil War . '' In Glenn R. Conrad , ed. , Cross , Crozier , and Crucible : A Volume Celebrating the Bicentennial of a Catholic Diocese in Louisiana . New Orleans : The Archdiocese of New Orleans in cooperation with the Center for Louisiana Studies , 1993 , 135-144 .
References
External links
Obituary
Find A Grave memorial
Humanitas archive at St. John 's University Archives : Digital Collections
1922 births
2009 deaths
St. John 's University ( New York City ) faculty
Indiana University Bloomington alumni
Louisiana State University alumni
20th-century American historians
Historians of the American Civil War
Historians of the Southern United States
20th-century American women writers
21st-century American women
The 36 Boys were a gang of primarily Turkish immigrants from Berlin-Kreuzberg .
The gang was active from the late 1980s until the mid-1990s . Besides Turkish , other nationalities were also represented in the large gang . The gang operated in the area around the Kottbusser Tor to the residential areas between the Naunynstraße and Waldemarstraße , as well as up to the Görlitzer Bahnhof . The graffiti of the 36 Boys were distributed throughout Berlin . In Kreuzberg , they served also to mark the gang 's `` turf '' . The gang took its name from the former Berlin postal borough Südost 36 or SO 36 . The idea for the name of the gang came from Attila Murat Aydın , a founder of the Berlin rap scene , who was murdered in 2003 by a 76 year old man who was later acquitted on grounds of self defence .
In addition to the 36 Boys there were the `` 36 Juniors '' , who showed a higher potential of violence . In the beginning of the 1990s the 36 Boys fought against turf battles with Nazis and Skinheads in the Jungfernheide park . Other rival gangs were the Warriors from the Schlesisches Tor and the Black Panthers from Wedding . During the May riots in Kreuzberg , the 36 Boys initially joined the Autonomists , but the alliance was short-lived because of the group 's lack of political orientation .
In 2007 the Berlin Senate employed former members of the 36 Boys as Kiezläufer ( `` neighbour walkers '' ) in Kreuzberg to help prevent juvenile delinquency . The area around the Naunynstraße , the centre of the gang , was declared a no-go area by the Senate .
After the dissolution of the gang the former gang members went their separate ways . Some remained in the criminal milieu , others such as the cook Tim Raue - awarded by the Gault Millau - turned to lawful careers . Some became social workers in local housing projects and youth centres . Former member Sinan Tosun has opened a shop near Kottbusser Tor in which he sells clothes with 36 Boys logos . His brother , professional boxer Muzaffer Tosun , was also a member of the 36 Boys , as were the rapper Killa Hakan and the author , film director and media educator Neco Çelik .
In the German media , the gang is depicted as the prototypical gang of immigrant background .
References
Sources
Klaus Farin and Eberhard Seidel-Pielen . Krieg in den Städten : Jugendgangs in Deutschland . Berlin : Rotbuch , 1991 .
Murat Güngör and Hannes Loh . Fear of a Kanak planet : HipHop zwischen Weltmusik und Nazi-Rap . Planegg : Hannibal , 2002 .
This article is based on a translation of the equivalent article on the German Wikipedia .
Gangs in Germany
German people of Turkish descent
Street gangs
The Bonaparte Pottery Archeological District is a nationally recognized historic district located in Bonaparte , Iowa , United States . It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999 . At the time of its nomination it contained four resources , which included one contributing building , one contributing site , and two non-contributing buildings . The contributing resources include the remains of two kilns from Bonaparte Pottery , which operated from 1866 to 1895 . It also includes the factory building ( 1876 ) that replaced a building that was destroyed in a fire in November 1875 . The non-contributing resources include two buildings that are associated with the lumberyard that took over the site after the pottery closed . They were built after the period of historical significance .
While modest in size compared with Red Wing Pottery in Minnesota and Western Stoneware in Illinois , Bonaparte Pottery was mid-sized operation associated with the pottery industry in Iowa . Pottery had a significant economic impact on the state from the mid to the late 19th century . The Des Moines River Valley had the greatest concentration of potteries in the state because of the abundant coal deposits located there . Fire clay , which is used to manufacture ceramics , was a by-product of coal mining . Sidney Parker and Thomas Hanback founded the business in 1866 . Robert Wilson and Henry Jones joined the business in its later years . The pottery went out of business in 1895 for a variety of reasons . The financial panic of 1893 undoubtedly played a part , but Bonaparte experienced a severe decline in manufacturing that began in the 1890s . Other pottery operations had improved their mechanization , they had a better quality of clay , and they were located closer to population centers where they could sell their products .
References
Bonaparte , Iowa
Historic districts in Van Buren County , Iowa
National Register of Historic Places in Van Buren County , Iowa
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Iowa
Industrial buildings and structures on the National Register of Historic Places in Iowa
Archaeological sites on the National Register of Historic Places in Iowa
Zamłynie is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Trzeszczany , within Hrubieszów County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland . It lies approximately west of Hrubieszów and south-east of the regional capital Lublin .
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
Afterlife is an EP by IDM artist Global Goon . It was released in 1997 on Rephlex Records . The EP preceded Cradle of History , his second album for the company . The title track , `` Afterlife '' , also appears on Cradle of History .
Track listing
`` Afterlife '' – 4:30
`` Afterlife ( Spidermix ) '' – 4:05
`` Woo '' – 3:29
`` Logger '' – 3:15
`` Balloon '' – 3:49
`` Fin '' – 8:10
References
Global Goon – Afterlife
1997 EPs
Global Goon albums
Rephlex Records EPs
Richmond Park is a Welsh Premier League stadium in Carmarthen , Wales . Situated on Priory Street , it is currently used for football matches and is the home ground of Carmarthen Town AFC .
The stadium holds 3,000 people with 1,000 seats in the Clay Shaw Butler stand . The stand is arranged with 1,000 yellow and black seats in rows , matching the colour of the home team 's kit .
History
The club announced they would be installing a 3G all-weather pitch for the 2017/18 season . Carmarthen Town began the season with a number of games away from their Richmond Park home due these pitch renovations . With the new pitch the 'Old Gold ' joined a growing list of Welsh Premier League clubs to install a 3G/4G pitch .
Richmond Park has been used for a number of International football matches . The majority of these have featured Wales national football team sides . The first match was against Scotland on 20 May 2003 which ended in a 2–1 victory for Wales .
Records
The highest attendance recorded at Richmond Park is 911 , for Carmarthen 's League of Wales match against Barry Town , on 10 September 1997 .
The stadium hosted its first European football match in July 2007 when Carmarthen Town entertained Norwegian side SK Brann in a UEFA Cup qualification match .
Transport
Richmond Park is located to the north east of Carmarthen town centre and is easily accessible on foot , by road or by rail . Directly adjacent to the ground , on either side , are two public car parks ; St Peter 's car park has 435 parking spaces and Priory Street car park ( situated next to the club house ) has 53 spaces .
Carmarthen railway station is approximately from Richmond Park and serves trains from Manchester , Swansea , Fishguard , Pembroke Dock and Milford Haven . Carmarthen bus station is also approximately from the ground and serves many bus routes that operate throughout South Wales and beyond .
Gallery
See also
List of stadia in Wales by capacity
References
Citations
External links
Richmond Park official website
Carmarthen Town AFC official website
Images tagged Richmond Park Carmarthen at Flickr
Carmarthen Town A.F.C .
Buildings and structures in Carmarthen
Football venues in Wales
Stadiums in Wales
Sports venues completed in 1952
Haslingden Association FC was an English association football club based in Haslingden , Lancashire .
History
Haslingden Association - the Association added to the club 's name to distinguish it from neighbours Haslingden Grane F.C. , founded in the same year - was an original member of the Lancashire Football Association , taking part in the first Lancashire Senior Cup in 1879-80 . The club beat Padiham in the first round but was beaten 12-1 by Darwen in the second . The scoreline would have been worse but Darwen agreed for three disputed goals not to be counted .
The club did not enter the competition again until 1882 , losing in the first round to Greenwood 's Millers , but , despite the club 's low-key presence , it entered the FA Cup in the same season . Thanks to the Football Association forgetting to include the club in the first round draw , Association were given a bye to the second round . The club was drawn to play Darwen Ramblers away , and , after the referee refused a Haslingden claim of offside for a late winning goal for the Ramblers , the club walked off the pitch .
The club 's FA membership lapsed from the 1883-84 season ; the club remained a member of the Lancashire Association , but entered the junior rather than the senior cup . It re-joined the FA in 1891 , and became a member of the North-East Lancashire League , but appears to have dissolved after finishing near the bottom in 1892-93 , the season including a 13-0 defeat by Burnley Swifts , and having been excluded from the competition after the league cut down from 12 clubs to 10 . A Haslingden club lost in the first round of the Lancashire Junior Cup in 1897 but it is not clear whether this is a new club or an attempt to revive the old club .
Colours
The earliest cited colours for the club , from the 1878-79 season , are maroon and white shirts , white knickerbockers and socks . The following season the club changed to navy blue shirts , knickers , and socks .
Ground
The club originally played at Rye Hill , but from 1880-81 moved to the Show Ground , Flaxmoss .
References
Defunct football clubs in England
Sport in Lancashire
Defunct football clubs in Lancashire
The Martian Moons eXploration ( MMX ) is a robotic space probe set for launch in 2024 to bring back the first samples from Mars ' largest moon Phobos . Developed by the Japanese Aerospace Exploration Agency ( JAXA ) and announced on 9 June 2015 , MMX will land and collect samples from Phobos once or twice , along with conducting Deimos flyby observations and monitoring Mars ' climate .
The mission aims to provide key information to help determine whether the Martian moons are captured asteroids or the result of a larger body hitting Mars . The Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency and other Japanese government officials officially approved the MMX project to proceed into development on 19 February 2020 , according to a post on JAXA 's website .
Overview
The spacecraft will enter orbit around Mars , then transfer to Phobos , and land once or twice and gather sand-like regolith particles using a simple pneumatic system . The lander mission aims to retrieve a minimum of samples . The spacecraft will then take off from Phobos and make several flybys of the smaller moon Deimos before sending the Return Module back to Earth , arriving in July 2029 .
The mission architecture uses three modules : Propulsion module ( 1800 kg ) , Exploration module ( 150 kg ) and the Return module ( 1050 kg ) . With the mass of Deimos and Phobos being too small to capture a satellite , it is not possible to orbit the Martian moons in the usual sense . However , orbits of a special kind , referred to as quasi-satellite orbits ( QSO ) , can be sufficiently stable to allow many months of operations in the vicinity of the moon .
The mission leader is Yasuhiro Kawakatsu .
International collaboration
NASA , ESA , and CNES are also participating in the project , and will provide scientific instruments . The U.S. will contribute a neutron and gamma-ray spectrometer called MEGANE ( an acronym for Mars-moon Exploration with GAmma rays and NEutrons , which also means `` eyeglasses '' in Japanese ) , and France ( CNES ) the Near IR Spectrometer ( NIRS4/MacrOmega ) . France is also contributing expertise in flight dynamics to plan the mission 's orbiting and landing manoeuvres .
Development and testing of key components , including the sampler , is ongoing . As of 2020 , MMX is scheduled to be launched in September 2024 , and will return to Earth five years later .
Scientific payload
The scientific payload consists on Japanese and international contributions :
TENGOO - TElescopic Nadir imager for GeOmOrphology , a narrow field camera for detailed terrain study
OROCHI - Optical RadiOmeter composed of CHromatic Imagers , a wide field visible light camera
LIDAR - Light Detection and Ranging , uses a laser to reflect light from the moon 's surface , to study surface altitude and albedo
MIRS - MMX InfraRed Spectrometer , a near-infrared observation device for characterizing the minerals that make up the moons of Mars . Developed in partnership with CNES , France
MEGANE - ( MEGANE means `` eyeglasses '' in Japanese ) Mars-moon Exploration with GAmma rays and NEutrons , a gamma-ray and neutron spectrometer developed in partnership with NASA
CMDM - Circum-Martian Dust Monitor , a dust counting device for characterizing the environment around the Martian moons
MSA - Mass Spectrum Analyzer , an instrument to study the ion environment around Mars
JAXA will partner with the Japan Broadcasting Corporation ( NHK ) to develop the `` Super Hi-Vision Camera '' which combines a 4K and 8K camera , making it the first time that Mars will be imaged in 8K resolution . Images will be regularly transmitted back to Earth with flight data , in order to recreate MMX exploration around Mars and its moons . The original image data will be stored in a recording device in MMX 's return capsule and brought back to Earth as part of the sample-return portion of the mission .
Additionally , the Gravity GradioMeter ( GGM ) , Laser-Induced Breakdown Spectroscope ( LIBS ) , Mission Survival Module ( MSM ) were proposed as additional instruments .
Following a study by the French CNES space agency , it was decided that the spacecraft will deliver a small rover provided by CNES and the German Aerospace Center ( DLR ) . The rover will be equipped with cameras , a radiometer , and a Raman spectrometer for in-situ surface exploration of the Martian moon .
Sampling
MMX 's sampler is equipped with two sampling methods : the Coring Sampler ( C-SMP ) to gain regolith at depths deeper than 2 cm from the Phobos surface , and the Pneumatic Sampler ( P-SMP ) from the Phobos surface . The robotic arm will collect regolith from the ground by shooting the C-SMP mechanism . The C-SMP mechanism is designed to rapidly perform subsurface sampling to collect over 10 grams of the regolith . It is equipped with an ejecting actuator that uses a special shape memory alloy , SCSMA . P-SMP that is installed nearby the footpad of the landing leg uses an air gun to puff pressurised gas , pushing about 10 grams of soil into the sample container . Both C-SMP and P-SMP can collect samples quickly because the entire sampling procedure shall be performed only in 2.5 hours .
After taking off from the landing site , the equipped robotic arm transfers both C-SMP and P-SMP canister to the sample return capsule . The spacecraft will then take off from Phobos and make several flybys of the smaller moon Deimos before carrying the Sample Return Capsule back to Earth , arriving in July 2029 .
See also
Mars sample-return mission
References
External links
Mission website at JAXA.jp
Japanese space probes
Landers ( spacecraft )
Missions to Mars
Phobos ( moon )
Sample return missions
Proposed space probes
2024 in spaceflight
Michael Ross `` Roscoe '' Rutledge ( July 7 , 1962 – April 23 , 2004 ) is a former field hockey player .
Rutledge participated in two consecutive Summer Olympics for Canada , starting in 1984 . After having finished in tenth position in Los Angeles , California , the longtime resident of Langley , British Columbia ended up in eleventh place with the Men 's National Team in the Seoul Games .
He died from cancer . In Ambleside , West Vancouver , there is a field hockey turf called Rutledge Field , the home ground of the West Vancouver Field Hockey Club . The field was dedicated in memorial of Ross Rutledge in 2011 who was a local advocate for field hockey , having started the West Vancouver Field Hockey Club Adanacs player development program .
International senior competitions
1984 – Olympic Games , Los Angeles ( 10th )
1988 – Olympic Games , Seoul ( 11th )
1990 – World Cup , Lahore ( 11th )
References
Canadian Olympic Committee
Ambleside “ A ” Artificial Turf Sport Field Officially Named “ Rutledge Field ”
`` Hockey 's home at last '' , North Shore News , 4 Sept 2011
External links
1962 births
2004 deaths
Canadian male field hockey players
Olympic field hockey players of Canada
Field hockey players at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Field hockey players at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Pan American Games gold medalists for Canada
Pan American Games silver medalists for Canada
Field hockey players at the 1983 Pan American Games
Field hockey players at the 1987 Pan American Games
Field hockey players at the 1991 Pan American Games
Canadian expatriate sportspeople in Australia
Canadian people of British descent
Deaths from cancer in British Columbia
Field hockey players from Vancouver
Pan American Games medalists in field hockey
1990 Men 's Hockey World Cup players
Medalists at the 1983 Pan American Games
Medalists at the 1987 Pan American Games
Medalists at the 1991 Pan American Games
De Kotmadam is a classic Flemish comedy television series directed by Ronnie Commissaris and Wim Feyearts produced for Belgian television since 1991 . The series is written by Jaak Boon and Frans Ceusters . Season 22 will be aired in fall 2015 . Season 23 is currently in production .
The series revolves around Jeanne Piens ( Katrien Devos ) , who owns a small sweet shop in the centre of Leuven and rents out several rooms of her house to students studying in the city . She is a caring type and loves all her students . Her husband Jef Liefooghe ( Mark Verstraete ) works for the city 's gardening department . Their friend Odilon Bonheur ( Odilon Mortier ) , a naïve warden in the local prison , visits regularly to give or seek help .
Odillon Mortier decided not to perform in season 21 due to health reasons . That 's why Heman Verbruggen got a new main role in the season : Gijs , a clumsy colleague of Jef . As Mortier suddenly died on 13 August 2012 , Verbruggen will also act in future seasons .
Main characters
Jeanne
Jeanne pretends to be better than she is and brags frequently . If one of her customers goes on a vacation abroad or is going to ride the horses , she wants to do similar things . Her attempts mostly fail , but eventually , she wins ( or at least thinks she has the upper hand ) as she forges evidence . During her trip to Spain , she just hid in her own house and went to a solarium . In another example Mimi was on television getting flowers from her grandchild in some fictional `` Thank you '' -program . A jealous Jeanne also wanted to receive flowers . As the students were too busy , she just pretended to be an 18-year student , called Mieke , who wants to thank Jeanne as being the best landlady in town . Mieke was selected by the producers , but things got complicated when the producer wanted Mieke and Jeanne in the same scene . Furthermore , Jeanne exaggerates and misinterprets things . She once followed a course Chinese when one of her students was dating the daughter of the Chinese ambassador . It turned out the father ran a restaurant with a similar name . In another episode , Jeanne wanted to have a liposuction but due to some miscommunication , she got a piercing in her belly . In another episode she pretended to be a talented piano player and got an invitation to perform on the yearly speech of the major . By coincidence , the piano lid fell on her hand which hurt her fingers . She then had a fallacy to cancel the performance . Jeanne mostly wears old fashioned floral dresses .
Jef
Jef is lazy . He hates working . All small jobs are delayed . He can always persuade Odillon to do the task . Jef likes fishing and biljarts . He wants to be in the committee of both , in which he does not succeed . Despite he hates his job as city 's gardener , he loves his own greenhouse where he cultivates some rare plants and flowers . Jef frequently takes a day off or calls his boss pretending to be sick . In such cases , he sneakily goes fishing telling Jeanne he is going to work . Although his lies work initially , Jeanne always retrieves the truth . Jef does not like his mother-in-law and vice versa . Jeanne 's mother never turns up in the series , but regularly calls about her disorders . Jef mostly wears a white shirt , pants with suspenders and a small back brace .
Odillon
Odillon is not that smart , but he is rather handy . He is well befriended with Jef and both like fishing and playing biljarts . He likes to fix the small jobs Jef delays . Jef always makes something up to sneak away and tells Odillon what he is going to do and what he will tell Jeanne . Odillon ca n't lie , so eventually he always spills the real story to Jeanne . Odillon is frequently asked by the students to help them , but it is always for their own purposes . Odillon does not realize he is being abused . Odillon was last seen in last episode of season 20 ( episode 294 ) .
Gijs
Gijs was introduced in the first episode of season 21 . He has more or less the same personality as Odillon , except Gijs is clumsy whereas Odillon was rather handy .
Students
Most of the stories in the show revolve around the antics of the four students ( there were 5 students until season 16 ) . Because students ca n't realistically keep studying for more than a couple of years , there is high character turnover among the students . There is , however , some consistency in the stereotypicality of the characters . The last name of some characters was never revealed :
The hard-working , arrogant , know-it-all ( M/F ) : Charles-Victor Blomme , Ria Vranckx , Gentil Aelvoet , Filip , Victor Kindermans
The fun-loving social type ( M ) : Billy , Jo Van Der Gucht , Dieter , Hugo , Lukas , Stef , Lukas ( ( There were two different students with a name Lukas ) )
The shy insecure type ( M ) : Koen Maertens , Bas , Arnold
The secure , responsible type ( F ) : Sam De Taeye , Pim Davignon , Lus Hazevoets , Brigitte Ghoetseels , Saskia Moeremans , Paulien Billen , Martha
The fashionable outgoing boy-magnet ( F ) : Betty Billen , Veronique , Tineke Creemers , Lies , Jill Verhaest , Ines
Customers
The sweet shop had one regular client : Bertje ( Din Meysmans ) , a mischievous but well-meaning neighbourhood boy during the first four series . He was part of the main cast . As from season five , he was replaced by some other children , such as Jelle Cleymans , but none of them were considered to be in the main cast anymore .
Another important customer was Madame Hulpiau ( Rita Smets ) ( season 3–14 ) . Furthermore , Mimi ( Machteld Ramout ) , a middle-aged woman who loves gossiping and is Jeanne 's best friend , visits the shop regularly ( season 4 – ongoing ) .
Other customers are Jeanne 's previous colleagues . Jeanne was a cashier in a supermarket before she became manager of her own shop . She now looks down at her former colleagues and considers them as part of the lower class .
Current main cast
Katrien Devos - Jeanne Piens ( 1991– )
Mark Verstraete - Jef Liefooghe ( 1991– )
Machteld Ramout - Mimi Seghaert ( 1995– )
Frederik Huys - Victor Kindermans ( 2007– )
Stoffel Bollu - Lukas ( 2010– )
Helle Vanderheyden - Martha ( 2013– )
Anouk Luyten - Ines ( 2013– )
Current supporting cast
Gerd De Ley - Jos Dockx ( 2001–ongoing )
Serge Adriaensen - Sander / Rudi / Pol / Tuur ( plays multiple characters from 2005-ongoing )
Ron Cornet - Gilbert ( 2009-ongoing )
Fred Van Kuyk - Gerard / Staff ( 1996–2005 ) , ( 2013 )
Former main cast
Pieter-Jan De Smet - Charles-Victor Blomme ( 1991–1994 )
Tom Van Landuyt - Billy ( 1991–1993 )
Anne Denolf - Sam Detaeye ( 1991–1996 )
Din Meysmans - Bertje ( 1991–1996 )
Aron Wade - Koen Maertens ( 1991–1997 )
Geert Hunaerts - Jo De Becker ( 1994–1997 )
Odilon Mortier - Odilon Bonheur ( 1991–2012 )
Tine Van den Brande - Veronique ( 1995–1996 )
Danaë van Oeteren - Pim Davignon ( 1996–1997 )
Nicoline Dossche - Lus Haezevoets ( 1996–2000 )
Bert Van Poucke - Hugo ( 1997–2002 )
Steve Geerts - Dieter ( 1997–2001 )
Pepijn Caudron - Gentil Van Aelvoet ( 1998–2001 )
Esther Leenders - Tinneke Creemers ( 1998–2002 )
Fabrice Delecluse - Lukas ( 1998–2002 )
Louis Van Derwaal - Bas ( 2001–2004 )
Margot Brabants - Brigitte Ghoetseels ( 2001–2004 )
Marianne Devriese - Lies ( 2002–2006 )
Mount Uyttersprot - Filip De Fossiel ( 2002–2006 )
Mieke Dobbels - Saskia Moerman ( 2004–2009 )
Jan Van Hecke - Arnold ( 2004-2009 )
Christel Van Schoonwinkel - Betty Billen ( 1991–1994 , 1996–1998 , 2010 )
Britt van der Borght - Ria Vranckx ( 1994–1998 , 2012 )
Han Coucke - Stef + ( 2003–2006 , 2012 )
Ayesha Künzie - Jill Verhaest ( 2007–2012 )
Sarah Van Overwaelle - Paulien Billen ( 2010–2012 )
Former supporting cast
Rita Smets - Madame Hulpiau ( 1993–2005 )
Bram Van den Driessche - Ivan ( 1994–1995 )
Jelle Cleymans - Pieter ( 1997 )
Jos Van Gorp - Flor ( 1997–2010 )
Gunter Reniers - Evert ( 2002–2004 )
Felix Peeters - Vic ( 2003–2004 )
Sjarel Branckaerts - Robert / Fernand / Gerard / Marcel ( played multiple characters between 2003–2007 )
Locations
Filming is done in a limited set of locations :
the living room which is in the same room as the dinner and kitchen
the 5 bedrooms of the students . As from season 16 there were only 4 student rooms . The room in the attic is a common recreation room for the students since then .
the bedroom of Jef and Jeanne
the sweet shop
the common bathroom
the entrance corridor of the private parts
the veranda , where Jef cultivates his plants , and a small garden behind
some scenes are filmed on the stairs or in front of the building
In rare situations other locations are used . In one episode Jeanne was selected to act in the Flemish version of Idols . In another episode , Jef was a participant in the Flemish variant of Wheel of Fortune .
Trivia
De Kotmadam is the longest-running Belgian sitcom in terms of episodes and seasons . FC De Kampioenen ended after 273 episodes en 21 seasons . De Kotmadam already had 274 episodes during mid-season 19 . In terms of audience measurement , F.C . De Kampioenen breaks all records with an average of 1.2 million viewers , De Kotmadam at its peak in the 1990s had an average of 1.7 million viewers , these days the new episodes average 650.000 .
Herman Verbruggen played the role of Marc Vertonghen in F.C . De Kampioenen . After last show stopped , he got the role of Gijs in De Kotmadam .
A running gag in the series are some friends and colleagues of Jef . Jef frequently talks about them . Some of them do actually turn up in the show , but the roles are always played by the same actor .
The last name of Odilon was revealed in season 1 episode 14 where Jef addressed him as Odilon Michiels . However , the next time his last name was mentioned , was in season 3 episode 8 in a letter to queen Paola . As from this episode , Odilon his last name is Bonheur .
External links
References
Flemish television shows
Belgian television sitcoms
Fictional shopkeepers
Television shows set in Belgium
1991 Belgian television series debuts
Karlskoga Motorstadion , also known as Gelleråsen Arena , is the oldest permanent motorsport race track in Sweden .
The circuit is located north of Karlskoga .
The layout is such that the whole track can be seen from all spectator areas .
It is currently authorised for European Championship rounds of road racing and Swedish Touring Car Championship events .
History
Built in 1949 as a dirt track , the inaugural race was the first Kanonloppet on 4 June 1950 .
For the second Kanonloppet in 1952 , the surface had been paved with asphalt and the length was .
It was extended to in 1953 with the addition of the Björkdungskurvan section ( later renamed to Tröskurvan ) .
In 1958 it was additionally extended to with the Velodromkurvan section ( Velodrome bend ) .
In 1961 , 1962 and 1963 non-championship Formula One events were hosted here , which saw the likes of Stirling Moss , Jim Clark and Jack Brabham battle it out on-track . 1967 a race called Swedish Grand Prix was held there , won by Jackie Stewart . In 1979 , the circuit hosted the Swedish motorcycle Grand Prix won by Barry Sheene .
The circuit was forced to close for two years after a crash on 8 August 1970 during a touring car event .
Two cars , a Ford Escort and a BMW 2002 , locked together at the flat out right hander before the straight leading up to the Velodromkurvan , and went off the track at high speed , bounced over the banking and into the crowd , killing five spectators .
After a period of decay , the track went through major renovation work during the 1990s and 2000s . The pit area was moved and the facilities were improved .
There was also several safety improvements , including a redesign of the Tröskurvan and the complete removal of the velodrome section .
This shortened the track to its current length of .
Lap records
The official race lap records at the Karlskoga Motorstadion are listed as :
Notes
References
External links
Motorsport venues in Sweden
Grand Prix motorcycle circuits
Buildings and structures in Karlskoga Municipality
Herbert Osbaldeston Duncan ( 1862–1945 ) was an English racing bicyclist , journalist , and pioneer of the British automobile industry . Duncan became interested in cycling during his time at Taplow College , and in 1878 he joined the Belgrave Bicycle Club determined to make a career in the sport . He became a well-known cycling journalist and later founded the Motor Review .
Duncan was recruited by H. J. Lawson to become commercial manager of the British Motor Syndicate ( BMS ) , an early automobile manufacturer . In that role he organised the first ever British motor exhibition in 1896 , at the Imperial Institute in South Kensington , London . After the BMS 's failure in 1897 Duncan moved to France , then the leading manufacturer of automobiles in Europe , and took over the management of de Dion-Bouton from 1898 until 1916 . He subsequently returned to London , where he became the company 's British Empire representative . Duncan published his memoirs in 1926 under the title The World on Wheels . He died in France in 1945 .
References
Citations
Bibliography
1862 births
1945 deaths
British automotive pioneers
British journalists
Bangall Post Office is a historic post office building located at Bangall , Dutchess County , New York . It was built in 1915 , and is a small one-story , rectangular frame building sheathed in clapboard . It measures approximately , has a front gable roof with overhanging eaves , and sits on a stone foundation . The front facade features a one-story , almost full-width porch with shed roof . The building is owned by the Stanford Historical Society and leased by the United States Postal Service .
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2014 .
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Dutchess County , New York
References
Post office buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in New York ( state )
Government buildings completed in 1915
Buildings and structures in Dutchess County , New York
National Register of Historic Places in Dutchess County , New York
`` At Midnight ( My Love Will Lift You Up ) '' is a hit song by R & B/funk band Rufus featuring Chaka Khan in 1977 . Released from their hit album , Ask Rufus , it spent two weeks at number one on the Hot Soul Singles chart and peaked at number thirty on the Billboard Hot 100 singles chart .
Chart positions
References
1977 singles
Chaka Khan songs
1977 songs
ABC Records singles
Blue Gate Crossing ( ) is a 2002 Taiwanese film by writer-director Yee Chin-yen . It was nominated for Best Asian Film at the 23rd Hong Kong Film Awards held in 2004 .
Cast
Chen Bolin as Zhang Shihao
Gwei Lun-mei as Meng Kerou
Yolin Liang as Lin Yuezhen
Joanna Chou as Mrs. Meng
Cameo
Jay Shih as Pipi
Plot
Reception
The film has been well-received critically . Dennis Lim , in a review for the Village Voice , observed the film 's `` meticulous framing and haunting use of repeated motifs '' reflects the influence of Taiwanese New Wave directors Hou Hsiao-hsien and Edward Yang . The Portland Mercury described the film as `` a modern-day Chinese lesbo twist on the old Cyrano story '' that `` treads new territory in the teen coming of age drama realm , '' praising Yee 's `` haiku-like directorial lyricism . ''
Events
2002：Cannes Film Festival `` Directors ' Fortnight ''
2002：Toronto International Film Festival
2002：Tokyo International Film Festival
2002：Busan International Film Festival
2002：Seattle International Film Festival Competition
2002：Vancouver Film Festival
2003：Bangkok Film Festival
2003：Adelaide Film Festival
2003：Istanbul International Film Festival
2003：San Francisco International LGBT Film Festival
2003：Dublin LGBT Film Festival
2003：Milwaukee LGBT Film & Video Festival
2002：Asia Pacific Film Festival
2004：Belgium Holebi LGBT film festival
References
External links
`` A Taipei Love Triangle '' , TIME
2002 films
2002 drama films
2002 LGBT-related films
Lesbian-related films
LGBT-related drama films
2000s Mandarin-language films
Taiwanese LGBT-related films
Taiwanese high school films
Taiwanese teen drama films
Teen LGBT-related films
Films set in Taipei
Scotiophyes faeculosa is a moth of the family Tortricidae . It is found in India , Thailand , Vietnam , Nepal and China ( Likiang ) .
References
Moths described in 1928
Archipini
Norwell is a rural locality in the City of Gold Coast , Queensland , Australia . In the , Norwell had a population of 200 people .
Geography
Norwell is in the north of the City of Gold Coast . It is bounded to the east by Jacobs Well , to the south by Pimpama , to the west by Ormeau , and to the north by Gilberton and Woongoolba .
History
In the late 1800s , the farming district located between the Pimpama River and the Logan River called Pimpama Island and encompasses the modern localities of Jacobs Well , Norwell , Steiglitz and Woongoolba . It was referred to as an island because there were a number of lagoons and swamps that isolated the area during the wet season ; however , this disadvantage made it good land for growing sugar cane .
Norwell was named after the Norwell sugar plantation which was owned by William Pidd in the 1870s .
On 17 January 1910 , Norwell State School was officially opened by James Stodart , Member of the Queensland Legislative Assembly for Logan . It closed on 30 April 1971 . The school was at approx 544 Norwell Road ( ) . Later , the Norwell State School building was relocated to Woongoolba to extend the Woongoolba Public Hall .
Jacob 's Well State School opened in 1920 . It closed on 3 May 1974 . The school then became the Jacob 's Well Environmental Study Centre .
In 1914 , the Apostolic Church of Queensland opened in a church in Norwell . On 26 October 1963 , the foundation stone for a new church was laid by the Apostles Arnold Edward Zielke and Arnan Niemeyer . It opened in 1964 , replacing an earlier church which was demolished .
St John 's Lutheran Church was officially opened on Sunday 19 July 1914 by the Reverend Pastor Thiele . It was demolished in 1980 . It was at approx 557 Norwell Road ( ) .
In the 2011 census , Norwell had a population of 282 people .
In the , Norwell had a population of 200 people .
Education
Despite the name , Jacobs Well Environmental Education Centre is an Outdoor and Environmental Education Centre on the corner of Behms and Pimpama-Jacobs Well Roads in Norwell ( ) . It was the former Jacob Wells State School .
There are no conventional schools in Norwell . The nearest primary schools are Woongoolba State School in neighbouring Woongoolba to the north and Ormeau State School in neighbouring Ormeau to the west . The nearest secondary school is Ormeau Woods State High School in Ormeau .
Amenities
Norwell Apostolic Church is at 207 Norwell Road .
Attractions
Holden operates a driver training facility at Norwell . In addition to driver safety programs at a number of levels of experience , the centre also offers 4WD training and performance driving courses and `` hot laps '' in a high-performance car . It is also the base for Paul Morris Motorsport and MARC Cars Australia .
References
Suburbs of the Gold Coast , Queensland
Localities in Queensland
Nana Kuntunkunuku II ( born Alexander Kwadwo Fredua Agyeman 22 February 1942 – 17 March 1999 ) was a traditional ruler in Ghana and Paramount Chief of Akyem-Abuakwa in the Eastern Region . His official title was Okyehene - King of Akyem . He was the seventh president of the National House of Chiefs and served from 1998 to 1999 . He succeeded Nana Ofori Atta III who was his uncle and ruled the Akyems for 23 years . He was succeeded by Nana Amoatia Ofori Panin II .
Early life
Fredua Agyeman was born on 22 February 1942 , at Kyebi to Samuel Joseph Okoampa Agyeman and Juliana Abena Akoto
In 1957 , he entered Prempeh College and obtained his GCE Ordinary level Certificate in 1961 . He was a member of the pioneering sixth form class of the Accra Academy between 1961 and 1962 . His training as a medical doctor begun at the Sofia University in Bulgaria and was continued at the Charles University in Prague , Czechoslovakia where he graduated in 1970 .
Career
In 1972 , he practiced medicine at the Korle-Bu Hospital on his return to Ghana . In 1974 , he joined the Ridge Hospital in Accra . He worked as well in the Castle Clinic and was medical officer in charge of the Stadium Clinic in Accra .
In 1976 , he was selected as King of Akyem Abuakwa . He was installed on August 2 , 1976 , as the 34th occupant of the Ofori Panin Stool at the age of 34 . As chief , he tried to encourage investors , mostly foreign , to start businesses on Akyem lands and in Ghana , travelling and having meetings in western European nations .
Between 1994 and 1998 he served two terms as president of the Eastern regional House of Chiefs . He served as the chairman of the lands committee of the national house of chiefs . He served as representative of the Eastern regional House of chiefs to the Constituent Assembly which drafted the Ghanaian constitution in 1992 . He was a member of the Eastern regional coordinating Council . In 1998 he was elected president of the National House of Chiefs and became a member of the council of state .
Personal life
He was married and left behind 6 children . He had a wife and children from 3 previous marriages .
Death
He died on Wednesday , March 17 at dawn after a short illness at 37 Military Hospital .
Legacies
During his reign , there was an increase in the number of educational institutions in the Akyem Abukwa Traditional area . He also established some second-cycle schools in the Atiwa Constituency . Abuakwa Constituency also had some second-cycle schools established there .
He also established gold mines in the traditional area his reign .
He also listened to complains of the people in some surrounding villages about the environmental problem caused by some gold mines . Surface gold mining led to the pollution of water bodies in those areas .
He also elevated a number of Odikros or Care takers to paramountcy .
References
Ghanaian leaders
People from Eastern Region ( Ghana )
1942 births
1999 deaths
Ghanaian royalty
Alumni of the Accra Academy
The Most Beautiful Legs of Berlin ( German : Die schönsten Beine von Berlin ) is a 1927 German silent film directed by Willi Wolff and starring Ellen Richter , Dina Gralla and Kurt Gerron . The film 's sets were designed by the art director Ernst Stern . It functions as a revue show , showcasing leading dancers of the Weimar era . Richter and Gralla play rival competitors .
A theme song composed by Walter Kollo was released alongside the film , and became a gramophone hit record .
Cast
References
External links
Films of the Weimar Republic
German silent feature films
Films directed by Willi Wolff
German black-and-white films
UFA GmbH films
Films set in Berlin
Kremin Stadium ( ) is a football stadium in Kremenchuk , Ukraine . The stadium is a home arena for FC Kremin Kremenchuk .
Having an artificial , in the summer of 2017 the stadium was accepted by the Professional Football League to host games of the Ukrainian First League .
References
Football venues in Poltava Oblast
FC Kremin Kremenchuk
Sport in Kremenchuk
Sports venues in Poltava Oblast
Oak Hill in Annandale , Virginia , United States , is a Georgian style home built in 1790 . It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004 .
It was extensively renovated in the 1930s and is significant for its architecture after that renovation .
History
On the night of November 5 , 1861 , a shootout occurred at Oak Hill between members of the units later involved in the Bog Wallow Ambush , in an area of much probing and patrolling between Union and Confederate forces . All three of the Fitzhugh estates were protected by orders from both sides throughout the war .
David and Amanda Scheetz purchased the home in 2008 , after a foreclosure , for $ 1.15 million .
The home is open to tours periodically .
References
External links
`` Oak Hill Mansion '' , Wikimapia
Georgian architecture in Virginia
Colonial Revival architecture in Virginia
Houses completed in 1790
Annandale , Virginia
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Virginia
Houses in Fairfax County , Virginia
National Register of Historic Places in Fairfax County , Virginia
1790 establishments in Virginia
Igor Igorevich Spasovkhodskiy ( ) ( born 1 August 1979 in Moscow ) is a Russian triple jumper . He is best known for his bronze medal at the 2001 World Championships , which he took with a personal best jump of 17.44 metres .
International competitions
References
1979 births
Living people
Russian male triple jumpers
Olympic male triple jumpers
Olympic athletes of Russia
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Competitors at the 2001 Summer Universiade
Competitors at the 2001 Goodwill Games
World Athletics Championships medalists
European Athletics Indoor Championships winners
Russian Athletics Championships winners
Beauharnois ( ) is a city located in the Beauharnois-Salaberry Regional County Municipality of southwestern Quebec , Canada , and is part of the Greater Montreal Area . The city 's population as of the Canada 2011 Census was 12,011 . It is home to the Beauharnois Hydroelectric Power Station , as well as the Beauharnois Lock of the Saint Lawrence Seaway .
History
The Battle of Beauharnois was fought at Beauharnois in 1838 , between Lower Canada loyalists and Patriote rebels .
As part of the 2000–2006 municipal reorganization in Quebec , the neighbouring towns of Maple Grove and Melocheville were amalgamated into Beauharnois on January 1 , 2002 .
Geography
Communities
The following locations reside within the municipality 's boundaries :
Domaine-de-la-Pointe-des-Érables ( ) – a residential area north of Maple Grove
Maple Grove ( ) – a former municipality that makes up the northeast boundary of Beauharnois
Melocheville ( ) – a former municipality that makes up the western boundary of Beauharnois , located on the west shore of the Beauharnois Canal
Parc-Tisseur ( ) – a residential area in southern Beauharnois
Rivière-Nord ( ) – a hamlet in southern Beauharnois
Saint-Paul ( ) – a residential area located on Route 205
Lakes & Rivers
The following waterways pass through or are situated within the municipality 's boundaries :
Rivière Saint-Louis ( ) – runs south to north through the city centre , down Chute de la Rivière Saint Louis emptying into the Saint Lawrence River .
Demographics
In the 2021 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada , Beauharnois had a population of living in of its total private dwellings , a change of from its 2016 population of . With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2021 .
Economy
In 2012 , OVH started construction of its first Canadian data centre in Beauharnois , one of the largest in the world .
See also
List of cities in Quebec
Beauharnois Canal
References
External links
Beauharnois official website
Cities and towns in Quebec
Incorporated places in Beauharnois-Salaberry Regional County Municipality
Quebec populated places on the Saint Lawrence River
Greater Montreal
Irfan Jašarević ( born 24 August 1995 ) is a Bosnian professional footballer who plays as a left-back for Division 2 Västra Götaland club BK Olympic .
Career statistics
Club
References
External links
Irfan Jašarević at Sofascore
1995 births
Living people
People from Vitez
Association football fullbacks
Bosnia and Herzegovina footballers
NK Travnik players
FK Krupa players
Dalkurd FF players
Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina players
Allsvenskan players
Superettan players
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Sweden
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate sportspeople in Sweden
The Scene is Now is a New York City-based avant-garde no wave jug band from the 1980s .
Its founding members were Dick Champ , Philip Dray , Jeff McGovern ( also of Mofungo ) , and Chris Nelson . Influences included the Holy Modal Rounders , The Fugs , the no wave noise music bands DNA and Mars , and the traditional Americana of Bob Wills and Hoagy Carmichael .
Their songs , most of which are compiled on the album The Oily Years , tend to be somewhat rough , lo-fi recordings . Their song Yellow Sarong was later covered by Yo La Tengo for the 1990 album Fakebook .
Thurston Moore called the band 's sound `` drunken sailor music '' as a compliment .
Discography
Burn All Your Records ( Lost , 1985 )
Total Jive ( Lost , 1986 )
Tonight We Ride ( Lost , 1988 )
Shotgun Wedding ( Lost , 1991 ; released only on cassette due to a lack of funds )
The Oily Years ( Bar/None , 1995 )
Songbirds Lie ( Tongue Master , 2004 )
Magpie Alarm ( Tongue Master , 2011 )
References
American experimental musical groups
Musical groups from New York City
CKCK-FM is a radio station in Regina , Saskatchewan . Owned by Rawlco Communications , it broadcasts an adult hits format branded as Jack 94.5 . CKCK 's studios and offices are located at 2401 Saskatchewan Drive in Regina , along with sister stations CJME and CIZL-FM .
History
In 1922 , the Leader Publishing Company , owner of Regina 's two major newspapers , The Leader and the Regina Evening Post , hired Bert Hooper to run a new radio station . In the beginning , Hooper was the station 's only employee , but he soon hired a second announcer , Pete Parker . In 1923 , Parker called a Regina Capitals hockey game on the station - the world 's first complete broadcast of a professional hockey game . Around the same time , the station conducted the British Empire 's first live remote broadcast of a church service .
The Sifton family bought the newspapers and the radio station in 1927 , merging the newspapers into The Leader-Post in 1930 .
CKCK was an affiliate of the Canadian Radio Broadcasting Commission from 1933 to 1936 when it affiliated with the newly formed Canadian Broadcasting Corporation . It remained a CBC affiliate until 1962 when the Trans-Canada Network was dissolved into CBC Radio . The Siftons obtained a television station licence , and signed CKCK-TV on the air in 1954 .
The 1960s saw CKCK at its commercial peak , dominating the broadcast market in Regina and southeast Saskatchewan . By then , it had boosted its power to 5,000 watts . Due to its location near the bottom of the AM dial and Saskatchewan 's mostly flat land ( with near-perfect soil conductivity ) , this was enough to provide at least secondary coverage of all of Saskatchewan 's densely populated area . Its signal also reached across the border into portions of North Dakota and Montana . But its massive market share started to erode in the early 1960s as rival CJME came under the ownership of the Rawlinson family , forerunner of Rawlco Communications , and switched from a `` beautiful music '' format to Top 40 rock . CKCK cut back on its promotional arm in the belief that its ratings could not fall . Another rival , CKRM , switched from a middle-of-the-road ( MOR ) format to country music in 1971 and CBC Radio belatedly began building up CBK 's local news and current affairs staff . In 1976 , CKCK-TV was sold , forcing members of the joint newsroom to `` choose sides . '' CKCK `` spun off '' an FM station , CKIT-FM , but it pursued a MOR format . By 1977 , CKCK doubled its power to 10,000 watts , but this was not enough to stem the decline . It lost further ground when CKRM increased its sports programming , notably winning the rights to the CFL 's Saskatchewan Roughriders .
In the fall of 1991 , CKCK switched from an adult contemporary format to oldies using the branding CK-62 . Most evening programming was delivered by satellite . Local programming was progressively cut back until by 1996 , the only local program left was the morning show . All other programming was delivered by satellite from Toronto .
CKCK was acquired by Craig Media in 1996 . In 1998 , Craig signed a local management agreement with Harvard Communications , owner of CKRM , in which Harvard took over the station 's operations .
Finally , as a result of a complex ownership transaction between Craig , Harvard and Rawlco Communications , Harvard took over ownership of CKCK and shut it down . Harvard then sold CKCK 's assets to Rawlco , who announced plans to relaunch CKCK as an FM station . Harvard 's CKRM took over CKCK 's former AM frequency and Rawlco 's CJME took over CKRM 's former frequency .
CKCK 's old AM signal signed off the air at 11:59 pm on November 30 , 2001 . The final song played on `` Kool '' was `` Last Song '' by Edward Bear .
Rawlco relaunched CKCK on 94.5 FM with test broadcasts in June 2002 . It formally relaunched on August 9 with the branding Rock 94 . On July 29 , 2005 , the station was rebranded as 94.5 Jack FM , becoming the first Canadian radio station not owned by Rogers Communications to adopt that brand identity .
Notable former announcers
Bob Arnold
John Badham
Johnny Sandison
Lloyd Saunders
References
External links
Collection of CKCK music surveys
CKCK-AM history
Kck
Jack FM stations
Kck
Kck
Radio stations established in 1922
1922 establishments in Saskatchewan
CNR Radio
Canadian Radio Broadcasting Commission
Parts stress modelling is a method in engineering and especially electronics to find an expected value for the rate of failure of the mechanical and electronic components of a system . It is based upon the idea that the more components that there are in the system , and the greater stress that they undergo in operation , the more often they will fail .
Parts count modelling is a simpler variant of the method , with component stress not taken into account .
Various organisations have published standards specifying how parts stress modelling should be carried out . Some from electronics are :
MIL-HDBK-217 ( US Department of Defense )
SR-332 , Reliability Prediction Procedure for Electronic Equipment
HRD-4 ( British Telecom )
SR-1171 , Methods and Procedures for System Reliability Analysis
and many others
These `` standards '' produce different results , often by a factor of more than two , for the same modelled system . The differences illustrate the fact that this modelling is not an exact science . System designers often have to do the modelling using a standard specified by a customer , so that the customer can compare the results with other systems modelled in the same way .
All of these standards compute an expected overall failure rate for all the components in the system , which is not necessarily the rate at which the system as a whole fails . Systems often incorporate redundancy or fault tolerance so that they do not fail when an individual component fails .
Several companies provide programs for performing parts stress modelling calculations . It 's also possible to do the modelling with a spreadsheet .
All these models implicitly assume the idea of `` random failure '' . Individual components fail at random times but at a predictable rate , analogous to the process of nuclear decay . One justification for this idea is that components fail by a process of wearout , a predictable decay after manufacture , but that the wearout life of individual components is scattered widely about some very long mean . The observed `` random '' failures are then just the extreme outliers at the early edge of this distribution . However , this may not be the whole picture .
All the models use basically the same process , with detailed variations .
Identify the components in the system
Such as R123 , 10kOhm carbon film resistor
For each component , determine the component model to use from the standard
Such as `` resistor , film , < 1 Megohm '' or `` Connector , multi-pin ''
From the standard 's component model , discover what , if any , complexity parameter is needed , and find the value of that parameter for this component
Such as pin count for a connector or gate count for a chip
From the standard 's component model , discover what thermal stress curve applies , and find the value of the temperature in operation for this component
The failure rate of connectors may change little with temperature , while that of capacitors may change greatly
From the standard 's component model , discover what , if any , part stress parameter is needed , what part stress curve applies , and find the value of that part stress parameter for this component in this application
A part stress might be the applied power as a fraction of the component 's rated power , or the applied voltage as a fraction of the rated voltage
From the standard 's component model , find the base failure rate for this component , and modify that according to the complexity parameter , the operating temperature and thermal stress curve , the part stress parameter and part stress curve , with arithmetic specified by the standard . This now is the expected failure rate for this component in this application
Add up all the results for every component in the system to find the overall failure rate for all components in this system .
Other global modification parameters can be employed , which are assumed to have the same effect on every component failure rate . The most usual are the environment , such as ground benign or airborne , commercial , and the purchasing quality assurance process . The standards specify overall multiplier factors for these various choices .
References
Electrical engineering
Engineering concepts
Anweshi Women 's Counselling Centre is a non-governmental organization based in Calicut district of Kerala , headed by former naxalite leader K. Ajitha . Anweshi has been involved with a challenging task of exposing one of the several ` sex rackets ' in Kerala that trapped adolescent girls and young women in Kozhikode city .
The case popularly known as “ The ice-cream parlor case ” gained particular importance because of the involvement of influential politicians , government officials , powerful rich persons etc . Many influential suspects including politician “ P.K . Kunhalikutty ” , being politically and economically very powerful , were able to sabotage the investigation processes and the trial .
As a result , all the key victims/witnesses turned hostile . The prosecutor , who is supposed to protect the interests of the victims , did not make much effort to question the hostile witnesses and the judge also did not probe . The trial was stage managed and hastily concluded , in which the ultimate victim was justice itself . In the Ice Cream Parlour case , all the accused were released with the judge commenting that the prosecution could not prove the case .
Recently the case got attention when another important suspect “ K . A. Rauf ” came out with shocking details about the case including corruption and bureaucracy in the judicial system . This case is under investigation and a committee headed by Additional Director-General of Police ( ADGP ) Vinson M. Paul has been appointed by the State Government .
References
Anweshi Web Page
Anweshi Criticises Sudharan
Everybody in Wynad knew Varghese was brutally murdered by the police after torture
https : //web.archive.org/web/20110721150206/http : //www.cse.iitb.ac.in/sudeep/suryanellicase.html
http : //www.hindu.com/2006/04/14/stories/2006041409290300.htm
http : //indiankanoon.org/doc/1419345/
https : //web.archive.org/web/20110520053959/http : //www.dowryfreemarriage.com/events/
http : //www.sabrang.com/cc/archive/2005/jan05/witprot.html
https : //web.archive.org/web/20080215111302/http : //www.hinduonnet.com/2006/01/13/stories/2006011306570300.htm
http : //planningcommission.nic.in/aboutus/committee/strgrp11/str11_17a.htm
https : //web.archive.org/web/20110629135005/http : //www.mathrubhumi.com/english/story.php ? id=104061
Sex Scandal Returns to Haunt Kerala
Women 's organisations based in India
Feshk ( , also Romanized as Fashk ) is a village in Talkh Ab Rural District , Khenejin District , Farahan County , Markazi Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 1,231 , in 409 families .
References
Populated places in Farahan County
The 1991 Monte Carlo Open was a men 's tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts . It was the 85th edition of the Monte Carlo Open , and was part of the ATP Championship Series , Single-Week of the 1991 ATP Tour . It took place at the Monte Carlo Country Club in Roquebrune-Cap-Martin , France , near Monte Carlo , Monaco , from 22 April through 28 April 1991 .
The men 's singles field was headlined by Stefan Edberg and Boris Becker . Other top seeds in the field were Guy Forget , Andre Agassi , and Goran Ivanišević . Ninth-seeded Sergi Bruguera won the singles title .
Finals
Singles
Sergi Bruguera defeated Boris Becker , 5–7 , 6–4 , 7–6 ( 8–6 ) , 7–6 ( 7–4 )
It was Bruguera 's 2nd singles title of the year and of his career .
Doubles
Luke Jensen / Laurie Warder defeated Paul Haarhuis / Mark Koevermans , 5–7 , 7–6 , 6–4
References
External links
ATP tournament profile
ITF tournament edition details
Monte Carlo Open
Monte-Carlo Masters
1991 in Monégasque sport
Monte
Shri Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj College of Engineering ( SCSMCOE ) is an education institute situated in Nepti , in the city of Ahmednagar district , Maharashtra , India . The institute is affiliated with Savitribai Phule Pune University and managed by Ahmednagar Jilha Maratha Vidya Prasarak Samaj . Admissions take place through the MHT-CET conducted by DTE Maharashtra or Joint Entrance Examination .
The college has departments of mechanical engineering , civil engineering , computer engineering and E & TC engineering .
References
External links
Engineering colleges in Maharashtra
Savitribai Phule Pune University
Education in Ahmednagar district
The Olds-Robb Recreation-Intramural Complex is Eastern Michigan University 's recreation center . The Olds-Robb Rec/IM encompasses several buildings on campus . The Olds-Robb Student Recreation/Intramural Complex ( commonly called `` the Rec/IM '' ) , which opened in 1982 , contains an indoor track , two weight rooms , and a whirlpool , as well as Jones Natatorium , Big Bob 's Lake House ( used by many student organizations for events , near the center of campus on university park ) and a picnic area between the Rec/IM building and Downing Hall . The Rec/IM is also attached to Bowen Field House .
History
The building was first called the Llyod W. Olds Rec/IM . It was named for Lloyd W. Olds , who graduated from Eastern Michigan University in 1916 . After receiving his PhD , he returned to the university , and he joined the Department of Physical Education . He coached the Eastern Michigan University track team , and also founded Eastern Michigan 's most praised Intramural program during the 1920s . Olds also , originated the idea of a striped shirt for intramural officials .
When the building was first built in 1982 it contained the largest indoor swimming pool in the state . The pool varied between 3 and 17 feet in depth . it was named after EMU swim coach Michael H. Jones . Michael coached with the EMU swim team from 1956 until he retired in 1988 . The Jones Pool is an Olympic-sized 50M pool with spring ( 1M and 3M ) and platform ( 5M , 7M , and 10M ) diving boards . It is the home to the EMU Swimming and Diving teams and numerous state and local swimming and diving competitions .
The Building was remodeled in 1991 to include an aerobics studio , a second weight room , a new wrestling/combative room and food concessions . In 1992 , there was construction on the outside of the building to make an Outdoor recreational facility . The facility added Board of Regents member Dr. Richard Robb 's name to the building at this time . Robb supported Olds , and included/ contributed University Park , which was the Recreation Center 's Outdoor facility .
University park contains two lighted basketball courts , two lighted volleyball courts , a six-foot-deep lake with two fountains , and Big Bob 's Lake House . In 1993 , the Recreation Center was named Olds-Robb Recreation-Intramural Complex .
Building
The building was built by the architect Ralph Calder and Associates from Detroit , Michigan and was opened in 1982 . The style of the architecture is Post modern architecture . The building itself is five stories high , and it is connected to a building called Warner , where the club pool is located . The building also contains racquetball courts , aerobics studios , basketball courts , an indoor running track and conference rooms .
Lake House
The Lake House on located on University Park near the Student Center , an 800-seat outdoor amphitheater and the Rec/IM . Students refer to the building as `` Big Bob 's Lake House '' after long-time former Rec/IM Director Bob England . The Lake House is maintained by the Rec/IM . During the school year the building is used by various student organizations especially during the fall semester . In addition , the lake house is used for large events such as Relay For Life . During the winter months , students can rent ice skates to use on the frozen pond . The area near the Lake House includes volleyball courts , running trails , and a picnic area with horseshoe pits . The lake house and pond were constructed in 1992 .
Bowen Field House
Bowen Field House is a multi-purpose arena in Ypsilanti , Michigan and is attached to Olds-Robb Rec IM . It opened in 1955 and currently serves as the home of Eastern Michigan Eagles track and field , Eastern Michigan Eagles wrestling , and Eastern Michigan Eagles gymnastics .
References
Eastern Michigan University
Buildings at Eastern Michigan University
1982 establishments in Michigan
Uniting Church in Sweden ( ) is a Christian Protestant denomination in Sweden , established on 4 June 2011 out of the union of Baptist Union of Sweden , United Methodist Church and Mission Covenant Church of Sweden .
History
Initially the name of the unified denomination was the Joint Future Church ( ) , before the name was changed during a conference in Karlstad on 11 May 2013 to the present Uniting Church in Sweden or Equmeniakyrkan in Swedish .
References
External links
United and uniting churches
Reformed denominations in Europe
Members of the World Communion of Reformed Churches
Christian organizations established in 2011
2011 establishments in Sweden
Baptist denominations in Europe
Methodist denominations
Members of the World Council of Churches
Organizations based in Stockholm
Christian denominations in Sweden
Hraungerðiskirkja ( ) is a Lutheran church in Flóahreppur , Iceland .
The church was designed by Eiríkur Gíslason from Bitra in Hraungerðishreppur
and built in 1902 . It stands on the site of another former church that dated back to 1200 CE . It is a wooden church with a red roof . On each side of the church are four windows , curved from the top with six-pane frames . Above the front door of the church are three windows . The church is clad in panel board with the chancel wall and the truss clad in flat slabs .
The church exterior was renovated , the tower rebuilt , concrete plastered , repairs to the frame and new windows installed as well as protective doors in 1993-97 under the supervision of Hjörleif Stefánsson .
References
Other sources
External links
Hraungerðiskirkja on the Icelandic Church Map
Churches in Iceland
Churches completed in 1902
20th-century churches
Prince Wonjang ( ) was a Goryeo Royal Prince as the third son of King Taejo and Queen Jeongdeok who married his half sister , Princess Heungbang and had a son and a daughter who would become King Gyeongjong 's 5th wife .
References
External links
• Crown Prince Wonjang on Encykorea .
Korean princes
Year of birth unknown
Year of death unknown
Like the Exorcist , but More Breakdancing is the first full-length album by Indiana indie rock band Murder by Death .
It was released in June 2002 by Eyeball Records .
Track listing
References
2002 debut albums
Murder by Death ( band ) albums
Ara Bedrossian ( born 2 June 1967 ) is a Cypriot former professional footballer who played as a midfielder .
Early and personal life
He is of Armenian descent . His father was a Cypriot tennis champion . He moved to England in 1974 following the Turkish invasion of Cyprus .
Career
Early career
In England , Bedrossian played youth football with AYA before playing semi-professionally with Kingstonian . He spent his early career in Cyprus with APOEL , playing for them for 8 years .
Playing in England
He moved from Queens Park Rangers to Fulham at the end of the 1992–93 season . While playing with Fulham he has trials at Birmingham City and Middlesbrough . Bedrossian made a total of 42 league appearances for Fulham , scoring 1 goal . He also played for Stevenage Borough .
Later career
Bedrossian later played in Sweden before returning to Cyprus , playing for APOEL and Olympiakos Nicosia , where he retired from playing at the age of 35 .
He later ran the Arsenal Soccer School in Cyprus as well as being Arsenal 's scout for Eastern Europe . He also managed AGBU Ararat , a futsal team .
References
1967 births
Living people
Cypriot people of Armenian descent
Cypriot footballers
Kingstonian F.C . players
APOEL FC players
Queens Park Rangers F.C . players
Fulham F.C . players
Stevenage F.C . players
Olympiakos Nicosia players
English Football League players
Association football midfielders
Cypriot expatriate footballers
Cypriot expatriate sportspeople in England
Expatriate footballers in England
Cypriot expatriate sportspeople in Sweden
Expatriate footballers in Sweden
Lauritz Sverdrup Sømme ( born March 7 , 1931 ) is a Norwegian entomologist . His work has focused on insects in houses and stored foods , and especially the wintering and cold tolerance of certain arthropods . Sømme has been on several expeditions to the Antarctic , participated in field trips to Svalbard , and visited various other extreme places on Earth in his research on arthropods and cold tolerance .
Sømme was the editor of the Norwegian Journal of Entomology from 1966 to 1978 and he has published several books . He is an honorary member of the Norwegian Entomological Society . Since 2011 , Sømme has been responsible for invertebrates in the Great Norwegian Encyclopedia .
Sømme taught entomology at University of Oslo , from introductory courses upwards . Part of his teaching took place at the field station at Finse and in Ny-Ålesund . Sømme retired in 1998 . He is a member of the Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters .
He was formerly married to the biochemist Randi Sømme .
Research
Sømme received his candidatus realium degree from the University of Oslo in 1958 with a thesis on insecticide resistance ( DDT ) in houseflies ( Musca domestica ) . Sømme found that there were not many houseflies in Norwegian barns . However , there were many other species of flies , such as cluster flies ( Pollenia sp . ) and blood-sucking parasitic stable flies ( Stomoxys calcitrans ) , a biting fly related to the tsetse fly . Both of these and the houseflies were resistant to DDT .
After completing his degree , Sømme began working as a fellow at the Norwegian Plant Protection Office ( Statens plantevern ) in Ås . He remained there for 12 years , working especially with insects in houses and stored food , and insect resistance to insecticide .
In 1962 , Sømme spent a year in Canada studying cold tolerance in insects at the Canada Agriculture Research Station in Lethbridge , Alberta . Sømme 's 1967 dissertation was on cold tolerance in insects .
In 1970 , Sømme changed his workplace from the Plant Protection Office to the University of Oslo , where he became a lecturer in entomology . Later , in 1985 , he was appointed a professor of the subject . He continued his studies on the cold tolerance of beetles , springtails , and mites . Especially useful for him was the recently established research station at Finse . Cold tolerance was studied in mites and springtails on windblown and snowless ridges in the high mountains . It was determined that the leaf beetle Chrysomela collaris has a supercooling point ( minimum lethal temperature ) at before the body fluid freezes and the animal dies . At Finse , it was also discovered that the ground beetle Pelophila borealis can be completely frozen in ice over an extended period . The beetle 's supercooling point is just , but this is probably enough because it winters under snow , which insulates it . The places it overwinters are sometimes damp and wet , and the beetle may risk freezing completely in ice . It was observed that it can survive in an environment without fresh oxygen ( anoxia ) .
Since 1977 , Sømme has participated in several research expeditions to the Antarctic , where he studied arthropods ( mites and springtails ) on Bouvet Island and in Queen Maud Land . The fauna there have the same survival mechanisms as Sømme had found earlier in Norway 's high mountains at Finse . On Bouvet Island , there are eight to ten species of mites and springtails . The island lies from the nearest continent . It lies east of the South Shetland Islands , and the wind in the area is often from the west . It is therefore natural to assume that both the flora and fauna on the island were brought by birds crossing the sea .
In the Antarctic only a few species of flies have been found in addition to springtails and mites . There are some small chironomids that live in favorable locations along the coast . The largest strictly terrestrial animal ( if seals and birds are not considered terrestrial animals ) is a springtail about long . Sømme also participated in expeditions to South Georgia Island and Signy Island .
In the Andes , Sømme found a grasshopper that was able to tolerate the large temperature fluctuation between day and night . During the night , the temperature was and the insect froze . In the morning , it thawed out and lived normally . The daytime temperature could be over .
Lauritz Sømme has made shorter trips to several places in the world to study arthropods ' cold tolerance , including the Atlas Mountains and Mount Kenya in Africa . He has also spent time on Svalbard since 1988 , where he helped determine that some animals can become desiccated in the fall . When the cold weather comes , they have so little water in their bodies that they survive until the spring without frost damage , and then in the spring the body 's fluid content increases again . This strategy is used by some potworms and the Arctic springtail Onychiurus arcticus .
Author
Lauritz Sømme has translated several books and much research literature into Norwegian . He has written several books and many shorter articles about his subject area in Norwegian . As a researcher , he has contributed publications to a number of journals . Somme served as the editor of the journal Norwegian Journal of Entomology for several years and contributed articles to it .
His bibliography of research publications includes 143 articles published between 1958 and May 2007 . He has written 94 popular science articles . Sømme has also authored many short articles and reports .
Books
1969 : Sømme . L. Pesticider , mat og natur ( Pesticides , Food , and Nature ) . Oslo : Landbruksforlaget .
1983 : Sømme , L. Sommer i Antarktis . Blant sel , pingviner og hvalfangstminner ( Summer in Antarctica . Among Seals , Penguins and Whaling Memories ) . Oslo : Universitetsforlaget .
1987 : Sømme , L. Insektenes suksess . En vellykket dyregruppe og dens tilpasning til miljøet ( Insect Success . A Successful Animal Group and Its Adaptation to the Environment ) . Oslo : Universitetsforlaget .
1988 : Sømme , L. , & Kalas , S. Das Pinguin-Kinder-Buch ( The Children 's Book of Penguins ) . Salzburg : Neugebauer Press .
1988 : Sømme , L. , & Kalas , S. The Penguin Family Book . ( translated from German ) . London : Neugebauer Press .
1988 : Sømme , L. , & Kalas , S. Pingvinbogen ( The Penguin Book ; translated from German ) . Copenhagen : Centrum .
1988 : Sømme , L. , & Kalas , S. Pingvinungar ( Penguin Babies ; translated from German ) . Stockholm : Rabén & Sjögren .
1988 : Sømme , L. Virvelløse dyr på land og i ferskvann ( Land and Freshwater Invertebrates ) . Oslo : NKS-Forlaget .
1990 : Sømme , L. , & Kalas , S. Pingvinfamilien . ( The Penguin Family ; translated from German ) . Oslo : Cappelen .
1991 : Sømme , L. , & Kalas , S. V dezeli pingvinov . ( In the Land of Penguins ; translated from German ) . Ljubljana : Državna založba Slovenije .
1996 : Sømme , L. Invertebrates in Hot and Cold Environments . Berlin : Springer-Verlag .
1997 : Sømme , L. , & Østbye , E. ( ed ) . Finse – et senter for høyfjellsforskning ( Finse : A Center for High Mountain Research ) . Finse : Høyfjellsøkologisk forskningsstasjon .
1998 : Sømme , L. Insekter og andre virvelløse dyr . På land og i ferskvann ( Insects and other Invertebrates . On Land and in Fresh Water ) . Oslo : NKS-Forlaget .
1999 : Sømme , L. Hvirvelløse dyr ( Invertebrates ; translated from Norwegian by Ole Rasmussen ) . Copenhagen : Gads Forlag .
2000 : Goodpasture , C. , & Sømme , L. Blomster og bier ( Flowers and Bees ) . Oslo : N.W . Damm .
2000 : Goodpasture , C. , & Sømme , L. Edderkoppenes hemmelige liv ( The Secret Life of Spiders ) . Oslo : N.W . Damm .
2004 : Sømme , L. Entomologiens historie i Norge . Norsk entomologisk forening 1904–2004 ( The History of Entomology in Norway . The Norwegian Entomological Society 1904–2004 ) . Oslo : Norwegian Entomological Society , Oslo Zoological Museum , University of Oslo .
Translated books
2001 : McGavin , G. C. Insekter ( Original : Insects : Spiders and Other Terrestrial Arthropods ) . Norwegian edition by Lauritz Sømme . Oslo : N.W . Damm .
2002 : Byatt , A. , Fothergill , A . & Holmes , M. Den blå planeten ( Original : The Blue Planet : Seas of Life ) . Norwegian edition by Lauritz Sømme . Oslo : N.W . Damm .
2003 : Lokki , J . ( ed . ) Dyr i verdens natur . Bind 5 . Virvelløse dyr ( Animals in the Natural World . Volume 5 . Invertebrates ) . Adapted for the Norwegian market by Lauritz Sømme . Vestby : Bertmark Norge .
2004 : Olsen , L.-H. & Sunesen , J. Små dyr i hus og hage ( Small Creatures in the Home and Garden ) . Adapted for the Norwegian market by Lauritz Sømme . Oslo : N.W . Damm .
Awards and distinctions
Sømme received the Fram Committee Nansen Award in 1992 for his work in polar areas .
Sømme joined the Norwegian Entomological Society in 1955 , and he served on its board for several terms . In 2006 , the board of the Norwegian Entomological Society unanimously recommended that Sømme be appointed an honorary member of the association , which took place at the society 's annual meeting on February 13 , 2007 . He received honorary membership not for his professional career as an entomologist , but for his efforts on behalf of the society with the Norwegian Journal of Entomology , for which he served as editor from 1966 to 1978 , and again from 1999 to 2007 . Not least of all , he also wrote a history of Norwegian entomology and published it in a 326-page book when the Norwegian Entomological Society celebrated its centenary in 2004 .
References
1931 births
Living people
Norwegian entomologists
Norwegian polar explorers
University of Oslo faculty
Members of the Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters
Norwegian encyclopedists
The Durban Cruise Terminal is a new cruise ship terminal constructed in the South African city of Durban .
Work on the terminal began in November 2019 . The terminal was expected to be completed in 2020 , however , due to the COVID-19 restrictions in South Africa , was only completed in 2021 . MSC Orchestra was the first cruise ship to sail from the new terminal .
Business structure
After two unsuccessful bids , Kwa Zulu Cruise Terminals ( KCT ) – a joint venture between MSC Cruises SA and Africa Armada Consortium – won the bid in May 2017 .
The winning bidders have a 25-year concession on the site .
MSC Opera ( Lirica Class ) will homeport in Cape Town and MSC Musica ( Musica Class ) in Durban . This will mark the first time that two different classes of MSC Cruises ' ships will be deployed in South Africa simultaneously .
The construction project
The project will cost an estimated R200 million and the building will measure 4,500sqm .
The terminal will include :
A customs office
Parking spaces for 200 vehicles including up to 12 buses
A retail area
Multipurpose training , conferencing and events facilities
Separate screening and temporary holding areas
A Police Station
Various government offices
During the COVID-19 pandemic
In February 2021 , due to lockdown rules imposed during the Coronavirus pandemic , MSC cancelled its South African sailing season . Passengers with tickets booked were offered vouchers for the next sailing season . The ships were scheduled to set sail again in November 2021 at the earliest .
References
Cruise Terminal , Durban
Jozef Móder ( born 19 September 1947 ) is a former Slovak football midfielder and later coach . He is a member of the Czechoslovakia winning team at the UEFA Euro 1976 . He was known as corner kick specialist .
Overall , he played 318 matches and scored 75 goals in the Czechoslovak First League .
Móder made his international debut for the Czechoslovakia national football team in a 6-0 home win against Luxembourg on 26 April 1972 . He scored three goals in the UEFA Euro 1976 qualifying quarter-final against Soviet Union , helping Czechoslovakia to progress to the final tournament .
Honours
UEFA European Football Championship
Champions : 1976
Czechoslovak Cup
1977 , 1979
Austrian Cup
1981
External links
ČMFS entry
1947 births
Living people
Slovak footballers
Czechoslovak footballers
Czechoslovakia international footballers
UEFA Euro 1976 players
UEFA European Championship-winning players
FK Inter Bratislava players
Dukla Prague footballers
Grazer AK players
Slovak football managers
FC VSS Košice managers
Czechoslovak expatriate footballers
Czechoslovak expatriate sportspeople in Austria
Expatriate footballers in Austria
Association football midfielders
People from Nové Zámky District
Secrets for Sale ( 拍·卖）is a Singapore television drama series , produced by Wawa Pictures . It is Channel U 's blockbuster of the year for 2011 and debuted on 14 March 2011 . It is aired from Monday to Friday at 10:00pm . It has received much overwhelming response and raves from the viewers since its debut . The viewership reached 1,150,000 , making it the most popular drama of the year 2011 .
Plot
Secrets for Sale is a drama series revolving around a group of private investigators exposing the darkest secrets of individuals across the society . An ex-cop ( Jesseca Liu ) inherits a private detective agency from her sister and husband after they vanish without a trace . The technologically challenged lass then teams up with a sleazy debt-ridden photographer ( Christopher Lee ) to solve the mystery . Can they break the case without killing each other first ?
Cast
Music
The theme song of Secrets For Sale is 《缠斗》 by Taiwanese singer Anthony Neely in the album < Lesson One > . The side track 《散场的拥抱》 is also by Anthony .
Overseas broadcast
Star Awards 2012 nominations
Asian Television Awards
Secrets For Sale were highly commended alongside Breakout for Best Drama Screenplay in the 2011 Asian Television Awards .
Star Awards 2012 Nominations
Secrets For Sale was nominated for the Best Drama Series , but the award goes to On the Fringe 2011 .
The theme song 缠斗 by Anthony Neely was nominated for the Best Drama Theme Song award , but the award goes to Devotion 's theme song .
References
2011 Singaporean television series debuts
2011 Singaporean television series endings
Singapore Chinese dramas
Channel U ( Singapore ) original programming
Nepal Literature Festival ( ) is an annual international literary festival which takes place in Pokhara , Nepal ( previously Kathmandu ) . It was founded in 2011 by Bookworm Foundation , a not-for-profit organization . IME Group is the current title sponsor of the festival .
Timeline
2011
The first edition of the festival was held from 18–21 August in Gyan Mandala in Jhamsikhel , Lalitpur . The festival was sponsored by Ncell , a telecommunication company .
2012
The second edition of festival was held from 20–23 September in the premises of the Nepal Academy at Kamaladi , Kathmandu The festival was sponsored by Ncell , a telecommunication company . The festival had participated by international writers : Mark Tully , Indra Bahadur Rai and Ira Trivedi .
2013
The third edition of festival was held from 25–28 October in the premises of the Nepal Academy at Kamaladi , Kathmandu . The festival was sponsored by Ncell , a telecommunication company . The festival had participated by international writers : Shobhaa De , Ravinder Singh , Prajwal Parajuly and Farah Ghuznavi .
2014
The fourth edition of festival was held from 19–22 September in the premises of the Nepal Academy at Kamaladi , Kathmandu . The festival was sponsored by Ncell , a telecommunication company . The festival had participated by international writers : Shashi Tharoor , Farah Ghuznavi , Tishani Doshi , Carlo Pizzati , Basharat Peer , and Hartosh Singh Bal .
2016
The fifth edition of festival was held from 29 January-1 February 2016 in premises of Nepal Tourism Board , Pardi , Pokhara . The festival was inaugurated by retired British Gurkha officer . The festival had writers like Barkha Dutt , Ira Trivedi , Shobhaa De , Farah Ghuznavi , Ned Beauman , Vinod Mehta including Poet Uday Prakash .
2017
The sixth edition of festival was held from 29 January-1 February 2017 in premises of Nepal Tourism Board , Pardi , Pokhara . The festival was attended by authors , artists , politicians , media persons , intellectuals , economists , sociologists and attendees . The festival had Indian writer Ramachandra Guha , novelist Durjoy Datta and poet Uday Prakash .
Full list of festival participants :
Aahuti , Aditya Adhikari , Amar Neupane , Amit Dhakal , Amrit Gurung , Amrit Subedi , Bairagi Kainla , Basanta Basnet , Basanta Thapa , Bhupal Rai , Bhupin , Bibek Shrestha ( Kandara ) , Bimal Acharya , Binod Baniya , Birendra Bahadur Basnet , Bishwa Paudel , Buddhisagar , Chaitanya Mishra , Chandra Kishore , C.K . Lal , Devendra Bhattarai , Dhruba Chandra Gautam , Dipendra Shrestha , Durjoy Datta , Gagan Thapa , Ganess Paudel , Ghanashyam Bhusal , Gunaraj Luitel , Hari Bahadur Gandharba , Hari Bahadur Thapa , Hari Sharma , Harihar Birahi , Hari Bansha Acharya , Hima Bista , Ishwor Mani Adhikari , Jiba Lamichhane , Jiwan Kshetri , Kalpana Chiluwal , Kanak Mani Dixit , Kapil Sharma , Kedar Sharma , Kedar Bhakta Mathema , Khagendra Sangraula , Kiran Nepal , Kripa Joshi ( Miss Moti ) , Kulman Ghising , Kumar Nagarkoti , Kusumakar Neupane , Laxmi Sharma , Lochan Rijal , Madan Krishna Shrestha , Mahesh Bikram Shah , Narayan Dhakal , Namgay Zam , Narayan Gandharba , Narayan Wagle , Nayanraj Pandey , Nabaraj Parajuli , Neeva Shah , Omprakash Aryal , Prabha Bhattarai , Pranika Koyu , Pushkar Shah , Rabindra Adhikari , Rabindra Samir , Rajan Mukarung , Rajendra Dahal , Rajendra Parajuli , Rambhakta Jojiju , Ramchandra Guha , Raamesh Koirala , Ramlal Joshi , Richa Bhattarai , Sabitri Gautam , Samriddhi Rai , Saraswoti Pratikshya , Saraswati Shrestha Saru , Sarita Tiwari , Shakuntla Joshi , Shiva Gaule , Shivani Singh Tharu , Shubha Kayastha , Subin Bhattarai , Sudheer Sharma , Sujit Mahat , Swarnim Wagle , Tirtha Shrestha , Upendra Paudel , Uday Prakash , Yangesh .
2018
The seventh edition of the festival was held on the banks of the Fewa Lake opposite the Ratna Mandir in Pokhara , from December 22 to December 25 , 2018 . The then Honorable Minister for Culture , Tourism and Civil Aviation Rabindra Adhikari was the Chief Guest of the event . Pakistani writer Mohammed Hanif , British illustrator and graphic artist Nicola Streeten , Nepali-Indian author Prajwal Parajuly , Indian writer Namita Gokhale , and Nepali-Canadian writer Manjushree Thapa were some of the panelist at the festival . The festival also had a performance by famous Nepali singer Dharmender Sewan .
2019
The eight edition of the festival was held on two locations . It was held in Janakpur , Nepal on November 8 to November 10 and in Pokhara from December 13 to December 16 ( ) .
Former President of Nepal , Dr. Ram Baran Yadav chaired the Janakpur edition of the festival . The first day of the festival was celebrated with Maithili songs and performance and speech by Dr. Yadav , author and critic Hari Sharma , journalist Anil Mishra and Province 2 coordinator of Visit Nepal Year 2020 , Manish Jha . On the second day , discussions were held on topics ranging from Chure range to food culture of Madhesh and literature related to Tarai-Hill political dynamic . A session titled ‘ Madhesh ko Bhojan ' ( the food cultureof Madesh ) was held with Gayatri Sharma , Imtiaz Wafa , Kedar Sharma and Gani Ansari in a discussion .
The Pokhara edition of the festival was inaugurated by Chief Minister of Gandaki State , Prithivi Subba Gurung .
The DSC Prize for South Asian Literature , 2019 was awarded to Indian writer Amitabh Bagchi for his novel 'Half the Night is Gone ' in the presence of the shortlisted authors and the jury panel by Chief Guest Ishwar Pokhrel , former Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Defence of Nepal during the festival in Pokhara .
2020
The ninth edition of the festival was held from 28th December to 30th December 2020 . Due to COVID-19 pandemic , some of the panels were held virtually while some were held in isolated location in Sarangkot , Pokhara and streamed digitally on YouTube .
List of panelist of the festival
Bina Theeng Tamang , Ramesh Bhusal , Chandra Prakash Dhakal , Shilshila Acharya , Rajkumar Baniya , Dr. Rolina Dhital , Roshan Mishra , Nischal Basnet , Biswo Poudel , Ayushi KC , Priyanka Karki , Rabindra Puri , Sobita Gautam , Swechha Raut , Hari Khanal , Bikesh Kabin , Chandra Prakash Baniya , Durga Karki , Avasna Pandey , Keshab Dahal , Kuber Chalise , Bhaskar Dhungana , Aranico Pandey , Alok Tuladhar , Manushree Mahat , Prithvi Subba Gurung , Kiran Gurung , Manju Devi Gurung , Sita Sundas , Pradip Rodan , Amrit Subedi , Saugat Wagle , Bhavana Tamang , Jagannath Lamichhane , Illya Bhattarai , Yangesh , Bonita Sharma , Deepak Pariyar , Sonika Manandhar , Basanta Basnet , Dr. Anup Subedi , Milan Bagale , Shivani Singh Tharu , Prakriti Bhattarai Basnet , Niranjan Kunwar , Bhikku Kashyap
References
External links
Official website
Festivals in Nepal
Literary festivals in Nepal
Big Break is a British television game show , created by Roger Medcalf , Mike Kemp and Terry Mardell , presented by comedian Jim Davidson and snooker commentator John Virgo , and broadcast on BBC One between 1991 and 2002 . Inspired by ITV 's Bullseye , the programme focuses on teams consisting of a contestant and a profesional snooker player competing in rounds that involve snooker , with the best team eventually seeing its player seeking to win prizes for their contestant . The series was notable for often featuring a unique round involving trick shots , and the chemistry between Davidson and Virgo .
Creation
Seeking to create a new game show for the BBC , Roger Medcalf , Mike Kemp and Terry Mardell came together to determine an ideal format to propose to the broadcaster . The group eventually opted for a game show centered around snooker , partly inspired by ITV 's Bullseye . A pilot for the programme was filmed in May 1990 , given the name Big Break , with the creators assigning actor Mike Reid as host , with snooker player and commentator John Parrott as his assistant . The pilot was not broadcast , after Michael Checkland , the BBC 's Director-General at the time , raised concerns about the format being too similar to Bullseye , along with having doubts that Reid and Parrott lacking the right 'double-act ' relationship for television .
A second pilot , which was not intended for broadcast , was filmed several months later with significant changes - the biggest being comedian Jim Davidson serving as host . To find the right assistant for him , the decision was made to have the producer , John Burrowes , assess two candidates for Davidson 's assistant : Parrott ; and professional snooker player and commentator John Virgo . Ultimately , Virgo was see as the ideal partner for Davidson , allowing for the show to be green-lit by the BBC . Although the second pilot was never broadcast , an out-take from it later featured in an episode of Auntie 's Bloomers . A one-off special was filmed with the intention of it being aired during December 1990 so as to introduce the game show , but the production company opted to instead premiere Big Break in April 1991 ; the resulting decision meant that the special had to be re-edited , leading to some inconsistencies when it was first broadcast . To emphazie the game show 's link to snooker , the producers opted for using `` The Snooker Song '' , from the musical The Hunting of the Snark composed by Mike Batt and performed by Captain Sensible .
Format
In each episode of the game show , three contestants are each paired up with a professional snooker player - while the contestant tackles questions given by the host , the player handles the snooker-based challenges in each round . Although a game show , Davidson and Virgo usually interject comedy into each episode , including a brief stand-up routine at the beginning of an episode before the introduction of the contestants and players . Although the first two rounds have their own rules , the last two stick to traditional regulation snooker rules regarding potting balls - colours being potted only after a red is potted - although with six red balls used in these rounds .
The programme features four rounds :
Red Hot - Each contestant is given three questions , in which their answer denotes the amount of time their snooker player has to pot as many of the ten red balls on the snooker table as they possibly can . The player is allowed to break before time begins , meaning that any red balls that are potted in this period counts towards their final score . In early series , players were given 10 seconds , with each correct answer a contestant gave adding an additional 10 seconds . By later series , the format was changed , with the player having 40 seconds , minus five seconds to any incorrect answers the contestant gave . The team with the lowest score are eliminated at the end of the round .
Virgo 's Trick Shot - A mini-game styled round , in which the contestant eliminated in the first round is given the opportunity to win a consolation prize . Virgo demonstrates a type of trick shot , which the contestant must recreate themselves , in order to win the prize .
Pocket Money - Each contestant 's player tackles a traditional game of snooker , along standard rules of potting , getting as many balls as they can within 90 seconds . Each ball on the table is denoted with both a cash amount - based on their regulation point in Snooker ( i.e . Reds being one point are thus earn £10 when potted ) - and a category of questions that Davidson can ask the contestants . If the player pots a ball in the same coloured pocket , the cash amount earned is doubled ( i.e . potting Pink in its pocket doubles the amount from £60 to £120 ) . If the player hits a ball but fails to pot it , they must stop and wait until their contestant answers a question correctly , based on the ball 's connected subject , in order to resume , with the timer not stopped during this period . A coin toss decides which team begins first , with the team with the lowest score being eliminated at the end of the round .
Make of Break - The final contestant is given 90 seconds to answer five questions correctly , after the player breaks the reds on the table . Once all questions are answered , the timer is paused , with each correct answer allowing the player to remove one red ball from the table . Once their choices are made , if possible , the player begins potting balls in the remainder of the 90 seconds . Each coloured ball , when potted in order , offers the contestant a prize , with the grand prize won when the black is finally potted . However , the player must pot all the reds , before they can begin with the next colour in the sequence .
Transmissions
Regular
Stars of the Future
Specials
References
External links
British game shows
1990s British game shows
1990s British sports television series
2000s British game shows
2000s British sports television series
1991 British television series debuts
2002 British television series endings
BBC television game shows
British sports television series
English-language television shows
Snooker on television
Snooker in the United Kingdom
Television shows shot at BBC Elstree Centre
Oron Museum is a museum in Oron , Nigeria . The museum was established in 1958 to accommodate eight hundred known ancestral figures ( Ekpu Oro ) of the Oron people which are believed to be among the oldest and finest surviving wood carvings in Africa . During the civil war , many of the wood carvings were looted and the museum was severely damaged . In 1975 , the museum was reinaugurated and today houses the remains of the wooden sculptures and other ethnographic materials from across Nigeria . The museum also has displays of bunkers used during the civil war as well as a crafts village .
References
Oron people
Museums in Nigeria
Museums established in 1958
Akwa Ibom State
The Maranhão gubernatorial election was held on October 3 , 2010 , to elect the next Governor of Maranhão . Incumbent Governor Roseana Sarney was reelected for a second term .
Candidates
Election results
References
2010 Brazilian gubernatorial elections
October 2010 events in South America
2010
Romanówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedliszcze , within Chełm County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
References
Villages in Chełm County
Henry Robson Richardson ( 1879 – October 28 , 1966 ) was a politician in Manitoba , Canada . He served in the Legislative Assembly of Manitoba from 1920 to 1922 . During his political career , he lived in Roblin , Manitoba .
Born in Newcastle-upon-Tyne , England , Richardson came to Canada in 1879 and settled in the Cartwright area . He served in the British Army during the Boer War in 1900 , returning to Canada the following year . After operating a hardware business for several years , Richardson settled in the Roblin area . He served with the First Canadian Mounted Rifle during World War I. Richardson was elected to the Manitoba legislature in the 1920 provincial election , defeating Conservative Frederic Newton by 104 votes in the Roblin constituency . He was elected as a Farmer candidate , representing voters who opposed the old two-party system of Liberals and Conservatives . For the next two years , he served in the legislative opposition as a member of the Independent-Farmer group .
He ran for re-election in the 1922 campaign , and lost to Newton by only nine votes .
Richardson died in Edmonton , Alberta .
References
1879 births
1966 deaths
Progressive Party of Manitoba MLAs
The Ontario Prehospital Advanced Life Support ( OPALS ) Studies were a series of multi-center before-and-after clinical trials looking at the impact of prehospital advanced life support services . The studies have not found the addition of advanced life support services to increase survival to hospital discharge for cardiac arrest patients .
Cardiac Arrest
Phase 1 , basic life support with defibrillation , January 1 , 1991 to January 31 , 1995
Phase 2 , optimized basic life support , July 1 , 1994 , to March 31 , 1997
Phase 3 , addition of advanced life support , February 1 , 1998 , to June 30 , 2002
References
Further reading
External links
OPALS Studies - Emergency Medicine Research - Ottawa Hospital Research Institute
EMS Article : Is ALS Better than BLS in Trauma Care ?
Measuring the Benefits of ALS in Prehospital Respiratory Care
Literature Review : Advanced Life Support for Major Trauma Patients
Emergency medical services in Canada
Emergency medicine
José Carlos Silveira Braga , known as Brandãozinho ( 24 January 1930 – 5 January 2021 ) was a Brazilian professional footballer who played as a forward for clubs in Brazil , France , and Spain .
Career
Born in Boa Esperança do Sul , Brandãozinho played for Paulista de São Carlos , Jabaquara , Palmeiras ( with whom he won the Torneio Rio – São Paulo in 1951 ) , Santos , Monaco , Nice , Celta Vigo , Espanyol and Real Oviedo .
Brandãozinho died in Araraquara on 5 January 2021 , aged 90 .
References
1930 births
2021 deaths
Brazilian footballers
Jabaquara Atlético Clube players
Sociedade Esportiva Palmeiras players
Santos FC players
AS Monaco FC players
OGC Nice players
RC Celta de Vigo players
Real Oviedo players
RCD Espanyol footballers
Brazilian expatriate footballers
Brazilian expatriates in France
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in France
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Spain
Expatriate footballers in Spain
La Liga players
Segunda División players
Association football forwards
Andrew Donald Magee ( born May 22 , 1962 ) is an American professional golfer who played for more than 20 years on the PGA Tour .
Magee was born in Paris , France , where his father , a Texas oil man , was working at the time . He grew up in Dallas , Texas . Magee attended the University of Oklahoma from 1981–1984 . While there he was a distinguished member of the golf team , winning All-American honors three times . He turned pro in 1984 and joined the PGA Tour in 1985 .
Magee won four PGA Tour events . His first win came in 1988 at the Pensacola Open . In 1991 , he won two Tour events and was awarded Golf Digests Most Improved Golfer Award . His most recent win was at the 1994 Northern Telecom Open . His best finish in a major was T5 at the 1992 British Open . He has featured in the top 50 of the Official World Golf Rankings .
Magee is the only person in PGA Tour history to hit a hole-in-one on a par 4 holes during a PGA Tour event . He did this with a driver at the 332-yard 17th hole of the 2001 Phoenix Open . The ball caromed off Tom Byrum 's putter on its way to the bottom of the cup . Byrum , in the group ahead , was squatting down looking over a putt .
In 1999 Magee won the Southern Company Citizenship Award ( which now sponsors the Payne Stewart Award ) for his work with charities .
In February 2006 , Magee underwent surgery to remove a cancerous tumor from his left kidney at the Cleveland Clinic in Cleveland , Ohio . The operation was deemed successful and he was back playing on the Tour in April .
In January 2007 , Magee signed on with The Golf Channel as an analyst for its new show The Approach with Callaway Golf and for the Sprint Pre-Game and Sprint Post-Game shows . Magee was also the host of the Golf Channel 's 2008 season of The Big Break , which was set in Hawaii .
During the summer of 2006 Magee 's eldest son , Campbell , caddied for him in five tour events . Campbell is a graduate of Brophy College Preparatory , where he played competitive lacrosse ; Campbell later attended the University of Arizona .
Magee resides in Paradise Valley , Arizona . His last PGA Tour cut was the 2006 Southern Farm Bureau Classic . Prior to age 50 , the last cut he made on a professional tour was at the Nationwide Tour 's 2009 BMW Charity Pro-Am . Since reaching age 50 , Magee has played in a limited number of events on the Champions Tour .
Professional wins ( 6 )
PGA Tour wins ( 4 )
* Note : The 1991 Nestle Invitational was shortened to 54 holes due to rain.PGA Tour playoff record ( 1–0 ) '
Other wins ( 2 )
1991 Jerry Ford Invitational
1992 Jerry Ford Invitational
Results in major championships
CUT = missed the half-way cut
`` T '' = tied
Summary
Most consecutive cuts made – 10 ( 1991 Open Championship – 1994 Masters )
Longest streak of top-10s – 1 ( twice )
Results in The Players Championship
CUT = missed the halfway cut
`` T '' indicates a tie for a place
Results in World Golf Championships
QF , R16 , R32 , R64 = Round in which player lost in match play
See also
1984 PGA Tour Qualifying School graduates
References
External links
American male golfers
Oklahoma Sooners men 's golfers
PGA Tour golfers
PGA Tour Champions golfers
Golf writers and broadcasters
Golfers from Paris
Golfers from Dallas
Golfers from Arizona
People from Paradise Valley , Arizona
Sportspeople from the Phoenix metropolitan area
1962 births
Living people
John Quincy Emery ( September 15 , 1843 – August 6 , 1928 ) was an American educator and civil servant .
Early life and education
Born in Liberty , Ohio , he moved with his parents to Albion , Wisconsin . He attended Albion Academy in Dane County , Wisconsin , where he graduated in 1866 . He then became a teacher .
Career
After fighting in the American Civil War , Emery returned to education . He served as the school supervisor and principal at River Falls Normal School ( now the University of Wisconsin–River Falls ) . He served as the Superintendent of Public Instruction of Wisconsin from 1895 to 1899 . Later he was appointed Wisconsin Dairy and Food Commissioner . When he retired in 1926 , he was Wisconsin 's oldest state employee at the age of 83 .
Death
Emery died at Wisconsin General Hospital in Madison , Wisconsin at the age of 84 .
Notes
External links
1843 births
1928 deaths
People from Trumbull County , Ohio
Educators from Wisconsin
Superintendents of Public Instruction of Wisconsin
University of Wisconsin–River Falls faculty
People from Albion , Dane County , Wisconsin
People of Wisconsin in the American Civil War
Lost is an Italian pop band consisting of musicians from Vicenza and Thiene , in Northern Italy .
History
Lost officially came together in the middle of 2003 , through the friendship of the band 's singer Walter Fontana , and the guitarist Roberto Visentin , who were soon joined by the drummer Filippo Spezzapria , bassist Matthew Miller and guitarist Giulio Dalla Stella . A few months after their formation they played their first show at a local festival . In 2006 , due to internal disputes , Miller was replaced by the new bassist Luca Donazzan .
The publication of their demo track My ( ? ) on MySpace in 2006 proved to be an unexpected success amongst the social network users . Following this , Lost signed a contract with Bass Department records and the producers Matteo Franzan and Stefano Florino , in 2006 .
In the middle of 2007 the group signed up for the Cornetto Free Music Audition and was chosen by the director of the TRL Extra Live Italian Music channel . Thanks to this , and the showing of their music video Oggi ( Italian for `` Today '' ) , Lost was talent-spotted by the record company Carosello , who offered the band a contract in September 2007
The single Oggi was released on 15 November 2007 , and the following week entered the Italian singles chart in twenty-seventh place , mainly thanks to the single 's promotion on MTV Italy . At the end of the year , Lost was nominated as the best Italian `` riempipiazza 2007 '' ( Meaning the band which could best fill a town square during their show ) , beside other Italian and international artists. < ref > [ Per TRL i Lost sono il gruppo riempipiazza 2007 ] http : //www.nextplay.it/1088/per-trl-i-lost-sono-il-gruppo-a-riempipiazza-2007a.html < /ref > In the new year , the band released their second single Tra pioggia e nuvole ( Between rain and clouds ) which was also promoted by Total Request Live ( TRL ) .
On 25 January 2008 their first album XD was published . The album entered the Italian album chart in twenty-seventh position . After the release of the album the group embarked on their first Italian tour : XD Live Tour 2.0 . ''
In the middle of 2008 , Lost opened two dates of Tokio Hotel 's Italian tour , in Rome and in Modena .
In late 2008 Lost 's guitarist , Giulio Dalla Stella , left to continue his studies at university and obtain a degree .
In 2009 , Lost released a single with Joel Madden from the pop-punk band Good Charlotte , called `` Sulla Mia pelle '' , meaning On My Skin . It immediately went to number one on TRL and Lost won the Best Band on TRL Italy .
`` Sulla mia pelle '' is the first single of the new album `` Sospeso '' . The album reached gold status in Italy .
The second single from `` Sospeso '' is the ballad `` Sopra il mondo '' . The band recently went on to win the Best Italian Act for the MTV Europe Music Awards and were also nominated for Best European Act .
On April 4 , 2018 the Lost through their social network accounts officially communicate their return .
As of April 15 , 2018 , all Lost albums are available on the Spotify platform .
On April 18 , 2018 , the Lost communicate their very first date after the reunion . They will perform in the group 's hometown , Thiene ( VI ) , on June 21 , 2018 in Piazza Chilesotti at 21:35 .
On May 29 , 2019 ( 11 years after the release of the single `` Standby '' ) the new single `` Una canzone buona '' was released .
On Dic 12 , 2019 was released a new single called `` I suoi vent'anni '' .
Interaction with fans
Since their very beginnings the group has had direct contact with its listeners through the internet , with different initiatives to facilitate this contact being used on their official site and their MySpace page . In February 2008 , the group launched an official podcast in which they publish backstage clips and things relating to the band not concerning live shows .
Break Up
Lost in 2011 decided to take a break from the scene . Walter has decided to release a solo album in the meantime , while others are dedicated to another project .
Lost in 2018 decided to come back with new music .
Awards
Awards won in bold .
2007 - Italian MTV TRL Awards - Best Riempipiazza ( nominated )
2009 - Italian MTV TRL Awards - Best Band
2009 - Italian MTV TRL Awards - Best # 1 Of The Year ( nominated )
2009 - Italian MTV TRL Awards - Best TRL Artist Of The Year ( nominated )
2009 - Italian MTV TRL Awards - Best Riempipiazza ( nominated )
2009 - Wind Music Awards - F.I.M.I . Award for Young Artist
2009 - MTV Europe Music Awards 2009 - Best Italian Act
2009 - Gold Disc for the album `` Sospeso ''
2009 - Platinum DVD for the DVD `` Lost live @ Mtv ''
2010 - Italian MTV TRL Awards - Best Fan Club
2010 - Italian MTV TRL Awards - Best Band ( nominated )
2010 - Italian MTV TRL Awards - Best TRL Video ( nominated )
2010 - Wind Music Awards - F.I.M.I . Award for Young Artist
2010 - Rome Videoclip `` Il cinema incontra la musica '' with `` Il Cantante ''
Discography
References
External links
persian fans
Official Site
Official United States Site
Lost page on Carosello Records site
Official instagram page
Official Spotify page
Official Apple Music page
Musical groups established in 2003
Italian pop music groups
MTV Europe Music Award winners
Dwivedula Visalakshi ( 1929 – 7 November 2014 ) , was a well-known Telugu writer . Hailing from Vizianagaram , the cultural capital of Andhra Pradesh , she distinguished herself as a writer of short stories and novels . Her lucid style adorned all her novels from Vaikuntapaali , Vaaradhi to Enta Dooram Ee Payanam . The novel Vaaradhi has even been a hit on silver screen . She received the D.Litt . Degree from the Potti Sreeramulu Telugu University , Hyderabad in 1998 .
She wrote many books and short stories .
She was the recipient of Sri Raja-Lakshmi Foundation Literary Award in 1999 .
She donated the rights on her books to Dt . Gen Library ( Poura Grandhalayam Dwarakanagar , Visakhapatnam , in the presence of Dr. D. V. Subba Rao Ex-Mayar , Shri Bhamidipati Ramagopalam garu etc . ) .
Literary works
Vaikuntapaali ( 1963 )
Ee Payanam Chatiki
Yekkavalasina Railu
Vaaradhi
Enta Dooram Ee Payanam
Reati Velugu
Grahanam Vidichindi
Maarina Viluvalu
Jaarudu Metlu
References
External links
Picture : -Inauguration of the film `` Vasthade Maa Baava '' ( Ghantasala last film as a music director ) - GH , Devulapalli Krishna Shastry , Dwivedula Visalakshi and the producer T.Gopala Krishna .
1929 births
2014 deaths
Telugu writers
Women writers from Andhra Pradesh
People from Vizianagaram
20th-century Indian short story writers
Indian women short story writers
20th-century Indian novelists
Indian women novelists
20th-century Indian women writers
Novelists from Andhra Pradesh
Telugu women writers
Venera Zinurovna Zaripova ( ; born 5 April 1966 in Tashkömür , Kyrgyz SSR , USSR ) is a former individual Soviet rhythmic gymnast . She is a two-time all-around silver medalist and 4-time gold medalist in the USSR Championships .
Career
Venera was the 5th and last child of a Tatar family . Her mother was a housewife , her father worked as a miner . Soon after , the family moved to Uchkuduk , Uzbekistan . At 5 years old Zaripova started ballet , then began gymnastics . Her first coach in rhythmic gymnastics was Olga Tulubaeva . To pursue gymnastics , Venera had to drop out of the music school .
At 9 years of age , she met with then head coach of Uzbek rhythmic gymnastics Irina Viner , Zaripova would soon be under Viner 's tutelage and would become her first successful rhythmic gymnastics student . In 1978 , Venera relocated to Tashkent and began training with the sport under Viner 's class .
At age 14 , she became a member the USSR team . Venera won the all-around silver at the 1981 USSR Championships beating Irina Deriugina who took the bronze medal . She won another all-around silver at the 1983 USSR Championships behind Dalia Kutkaitė . Zaripova made the Soviet team with ( Galina Beloglazova and Dalia Kutkaitė ) who competed at the 1983 World Championships , Zaripova finished 13th in all-around after a drop out of carpet from her hoop , she qualified to 2 apparatus finals finishing 4th in ribbon and 7th in clubs . In 1984 , Zaripova began to struggle with injury , she competed in her last USSR Championships in 1986 and won the gold in hoop .
In 1988 , during the end of her gymnastics career , Venera graduated from Tashkent State Institute of Law . In 1990 , she was invited to coach in rhythmic gymnastics in Israel . In 1993 , she married an Israeli businessman David Levy , they have a daughter named Irina and two sons . She now resides in Eilat , Israel and annual international rhythmic gymnastics competition is held called the `` Venera Cup '' . She still occasionally performs in galas in international meet invitations and in Moscow , Russia .
References
External links
- Venera welcome
Rhythmic Gymnastics Results
1966 births
Living people
People from Jalal-Abad Region
Tatar sportspeople
Uzbekistani rhythmic gymnasts
Soviet rhythmic gymnasts
Uzbekistani people of Tatar descent
Uzbekistani emigrants to Israel
The ashy-headed tyrannulet ( Phyllomyias cinereiceps ) is a species of bird in the family Tyrannidae . It is found in Colombia , Ecuador , and Peru .
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests .
References
ashy-headed tyrannulet
Birds of the Northern Andes
ashy-headed tyrannulet
ashy-headed tyrannulet ]
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The hill prinia ( Prinia superciliaris ) is a species of passerine bird in the family Cisticolidae .
It is found in China , India , Indonesia , Laos , Malaysia , Myanmar , Thailand and Vietnam . It was formerly considered con-specific with the black-throated prinia .
References
hill prinia
Birds of South China
Birds of Yunnan
Birds of Southeast Asia
hill prinia
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Jefferson Kwamina Sackey ( born 9 September 1978 ) is a multiple award-winning Ghanaian journalist , media consultant , filmmaker , and PR strategist . He is known for his quality presentation skills and command of international issues . Sackey has continued to serve his nation in the area of journalism and still remains among the top Journalist in the country . He is a philanthropist and has elevated the lives of many youths towards achieving their dreams . His contributions towards nation building genuinely has been replicated by others in the country .
Early life and career
Sackey was born at Senya Beraku in the Awutu Senya District of Ghana but moved to Accra at a very tender age with his parents . He attended the Riis Memorial School for his Elementary and Junior High School Education . Jefferson 's media talent was uncovered at the very tender age of 9 when he was featured on the popular kids ' programmes 'Children 's Own ' and ‘ By the fireside ' on Ghana Television . While in Secondary school , he hosted the Teenage magazine programme , ‘ Teen Beat ' in the late nineties . In 1994 , he continued his high school education at one of Ghana 's prestigious high schools , Accra High School . He later got enrolled at the Ghana Institute of Journalism where he offered Journalism and the Deutsche Welle TV Training Institute in Berlin , Germany .
JOURNEY
Sackey started Journalism in 2005 with Television Africa as a lead News Anchor . He later hosted his global affairs show `` JS International Assignment '' which later became `` Jefferson Sackey Reports '' , a first-class news documentary production going beyond the headlines to tell stories in-depth and from many points of view . The show which started on TV Africa got syndicated on Joy News , Ghana and other global news channels including Afroglobal Television in Canada .
EXPERIENCES He served as the Public Relations Officer for Ghana 's Ministry of Foreign Affairs from 2006 to 2007 working closely with President Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo-Addo , then the Foreign Minister under the JA Kufuor administration . During the 2007 NPP Primaries , Jefferson released the documentary , `` Pushing the Ghanaian and African Agenda '' a feature that highlights the diplomatic and international strength of the then-candidate Nana Akuffo-Addo . Jefferson has also worked and reported for global news firms such as CNN International as a contributor of `` World View '' and Deutsche Welle Television as a West African Correspondent and contributor of its international affairs programme `` Quadriga '' .
MEDIA His previous media career can be traced to Multimedia Group as a News Anchor for the “ Midday News ” . He also assisted the News editor until his relocation to Canada in 2015 and got appointed as the Vice President of Afroglobal Television in Canada . He has also worked for CNN International and contributed to the “ World View ” and Deutsche Welle Television as a West African Correspondent .
Media coverage
The Ivorian political crisis , Abidjan 2011�
Earthquake in Haiti , Paut au Prince , February 2010
Inauguration of President Obama , Washington DC , 2009
The Charles Taylor trial , ICC , the Hague , 2008�
The Sudanese crises , Darfur , 2007�
Israeli Lebanese conflict , Beirut . 2006�
Terrorist attacks in London , 2005 , UK�
Famine in Niger and Somalia . 2004 and 2011
The Liberian crises , 2003
Conferences
UN General Assembly , UN Headquarters , New York City . 2006 , 2007and 2010
Africa Union Summits , Addis Ababa , Ethiopia . 2005 , 2007 , 2008 , 2010�
Non Aligned Movement Summits , Havana , Cuba , 2006
Non Aligned Movement Summits , Tehran , Iran . 2007
China – Africa Forum , Beijing , China . 2007
Africa – South America Summit , Abuja , Nigeria . 2006
German – Africa Summit , Berlin , Germany . 2007�
G8 Summits , Scotland and Germany . 2005 and 2007
Awards
|-
|| 2012 ||| Radio and Television Personality Awards || Best Correspondent of the Year ||
|-
|| 2015 ||| African Entertainment Awards || The Media Excellence Award ||
|-
|| 2015 ||| Planet Africa Media Award || The Volunteer Award ||
|-
|| 2015–2016 ||| Massey || College Gordon N Fisher/JHR Fellowship Awards ||
|-
|| 2014 ||| Honorary Doctorate Award || Day Spring Christian University , USA ||
|-
| }
References
http : //www.modernghana.com/news/640994/1/multimedias-jefferson-sackey-receives-2015-aea-med.html
http : //www.beeyoutube.com/video/kuHEeQT3hTA
http : //www.afroglobaltelevision.com/portfolio-item/jefferson-sackey-reports/
http : //www.ghanaweb.com/GhanaHomePage/entertainment/Pushing-The-Ghanaian-And-African-Agenda-Premiered-In-Accra-134762
http : //www.ghanaiantimes.com.gh/ghana60-logo-not-plagiarised-jefferson-sackey/
http : //blackottawascene.com/2015-planet-africa-awards-gala-a-great-success/
http : //www.modernghana.com/news/640994/1/multimedias-jefferson-sackey-receives-2015-aea-med.html
http : //www.beeyoutube.com/video/kuHEeQT3hTA
http : //www.afroglobaltelevision.com/portfolio-item/jefferson-sackey-reports/
http : //www.ghanaweb.com/GhanaHomePage/entertainment/Pushing-The-Ghanaian-And-African-Agenda-Premiered-In-Accra-134762
http : //www.myjoyonline.com/news/2015/september-6th/multimedias-jefferson-sackey-receives-2015-aea-media-excellence-award.php ? comments
http : //www.africametro.com/western-africa/ghanaian-journalist-jefferson-sackey-wins-international-award
http : //www.ghanaweb.com/GhanaHomePage/NewsArchive/Kwesi-Twum-Begs-Metro-239153
http : //www.newsghana.com.gh/us-varsity-honours-jefferson-kwamina-sackey/
http : //www.peacefmonline.com/pages/local/news/201509/255243.php
http : //allafrica.com/stories/200606280207.html
http : //ameyawdebrah.com/kwami-sefa-kayi-wins-best-radio-and-tv-personality-for-second-year-running/
http : //myjoyonline.com/marticles/news/multimedias-jefferson-sackey-receives-2015-aea-media-excellence-award
http : //www.ghanaiantimes.com.gh/ghana60-logo-not-plagiarised-jefferson-sackey/
http : //ghanapoliticsonline.com/anas-reveals-collaboration-with-mahama/
http : //states-tv.com/don-moen-reveals-how-much-he-took-for-his-upcoming-ghana60-concert/
http : //www.firstdigitalghana.com/hearts-kotoko-clash-in-ghana-60-presidents-cup/
http : //www.ghananewsagency.org/print/3444
http : //ghanareporters.com/2012/10/14/blakk-rasta-jefferson-sackey-drive-time-win-at-rtp-awards/
http : //ghanavibes.com/jefferson-sackey-dblack-reggie-rockstone-others-new-season-xlive-tv-show/
https : //soundcloud.com/jefferson-sackey
https : //www.africanewshub.com/news/1880954-jefferson-sackey-takes-a-doctorate-degree
https : //www.rtbf.be/auvio/detail_jsr-anas-aremeyaw-anas-talks-to-jefferson-sackey ? id=2046506
https : //www.ghanamma.com/2014/09/18/photos-dr-jefferson-sackey-welcomed-to-canada/
1978 births
Living people
Ghanaian radio journalists
Ghanaian radio presenters
The following pendulum is known as the Mackerras pendulum , invented by psephologist Malcolm Mackerras . Designed for the outcome of the 2007 federal election , the pendulum works by lining up all of the seats held in Parliament , 83 Labor , 55 Liberal , 10 National , and 2 independent , according to the percentage point margin on a two candidate preferred basis , as elected in 2007 . The two candidate result is also known as the swing required for the seat to change hands . Given a uniform swing to the opposition or government parties in an election , the number of seats that change hands can be predicted . Swing is never uniform , but in practice variations of swing among the Australian states usually tend to cancel each other out . Seats are arranged in safeness categories according to the Australian Electoral Commission 's classification of safeness . `` Safe '' seats require a swing of over 10 per cent to change , `` fairly safe '' seats require a swing of between 6 and 10 per cent , while `` marginal '' seats require a swing of less than 6 per cent .
References
2007 elections in Australia
Pendulums for Australian federal elections
Jackie and Bruce to the Rescue also known as Fist of Death is 1982 Taiwanese Bruceploitation martial arts movie , starring Kim Tai Chung and Lee Siu Ming .
Plot
The YMCA and Ching Wu school is under attack from the secret gang , which ultimately puts both school into the rivalry . In order to solve the case of the cause of this whole disaster and Ching Wu school 's master 's death , Bruce ( Tong Lung ) and Jackie ( Lee Siu Ming ) must solve for the case once and for all who 's all behind this massacre .
Casts
Tong Lung as Brother Bruce
Lee Siu-Ming as `` Jackie ''
Eagle Han-ying as Ching Wu student
Wang Pao Yu as Bruce 's Love Interest
Ma Sha as Ching Wu student
Hei Ying as final boss
Reception
The movie received general negative critiques towards from the audiences . Imdb gave the score out of 4.5/10 . On the other hand , some of the websites such as OoCities , Keith commented `` Despite having a messed up storyline , the movie was n't THAT bad . '' giving it fairly average rating for the movie . `` You 'd think a film featuring a Bruce Lee clone AND a Jackie Chan clone ( not to mention maverick exploitation producer Dick Randall 's name on the credits ) would be a lot of fun , but well , no , it 's not . ''
Home Media
The film was first introduced to the home DVD media around 2004 . The remastered edition was discovered from Baidu.com with full Mandarin dubbed version .
References
External links
http : //www.oocities.org/many_bruces/
1982 films
1982 martial arts films
1980s action films
Bruceploitation films
Kung fu films
1980s Mandarin-language films
1980s Hong Kong films
The Red Lion Inn was a tavern in Colonial New York located on Long Island in what is today the New York City borough of Brooklyn .
History
The inn named in honor of Henry V of England for the tavern he rested in after the Battle of Agincourt , was at the junction of three country roads : the Narrows Road which led north from Denyse 's Ferry ; Martense Lane which passed through the Heights of Guan to Flatbush , and the Gowanus Road which led to Brooklyn Heights : this colonial era juncture is the modern day location of Fourth Avenue and 35th Street .
In the early morning hours of August 27 , 1776 , the first shots of the Battle of Brooklyn were fired here when British troops under Major General James Grant encountered American pickets stationed at the Red Lion . According to some accounts the British troops were foraging in a watermelon patch . After an initial exchange of musket fire , the Americans retreated in a panic up the Gowanus Road toward the Vechte house . Major Edward Burd who had been in command was captured along with a lieutenant and 15 privates .
Samuel Holden Parsons a lawyer from Connecticut who had secured a commission in the Continental Army and was recently promoted to Brigadier General was Field Officer of the Day . He and Colonel Samuel John Atlee of Pennsylvania , a veteran of the French and Indian War were stationed further north on the Gowanus Road . The two colonels roused from their sleep by the sound of musket fire managed to intercept some of the troops fleeing from the British at the Red Lion and form them into a skirmish line . They also sent word to Major General
Israel Putnam at Brooklyn that the enemy was advancing . At three o'clock General Putnam informed Brigadier General ( William Alexander ) Lord Stirling and directed him to meet the enemy . Stirling set out with the available companies of the Maryland and Delaware regiments . Stirling 's force , totaling about 1,500 men , encountered the British within a half mile of the Red Lion and formed for battle . At daybreak Stirling and Parsons would be reinforced with 400 troops sent by General John Sullivan from those near the Flatbush Pass . The reinforcements brought the total American strength up to 2,100 troops under Lord Stirling 's command . The British troops under General Grant , also being reinforced , would reach over 7,000 troops . Stirling 's force stood firm under British cannon and musket fire for about four hours . At that point Grant advanced his forces and Stirling gradually fell back along the Gowanus Road toward Brooklyn . Other British forces under General Charles Earl
Cornwallis and Hessians under General Leopold Philip de Heister were already in Stirling 's rear and his force began to come apart as they encountered other American units fleeing west over the fields and along the Port Road to cross the Gowanus marshes to the safety of the main American defensive line at Brooklyn .
In the fighting near the Old Stone House and Brouwer 's Mills , one battalion of 400 troops from Colonel William Smallwood 's 1st Maryland Regiment led by Major Mordecai Gist and still under Lord Stirling 's command , would engage these 2,000 British and Hessian troops to cover the thousands of Americans retreating across the marshes and Gowanus creek . During other nearby fighting , Colonel Atlee was captured by the British and General Parsons was eventually able to escape to the American lines .
References
1776 in New York ( state )
History of Brooklyn
Taverns in the American Revolution
Buildings and structures in Brooklyn
Sunset Park , Brooklyn
Wilaya de Nouakchott is a government administrative building located in Nouakchott , Mauritania . It is located on the Avenue Gamal Abdel Nasser , just west of the headquarters of Air Mauritania and opposite the headquarters of Radio Nationale .
References
Nouakchott
Michel Duguet ( born 1961 ) is a French Scrabble player who won the French World Scrabble Championships five times during the 1980s . His record of five world titles has never been broken but has been equaled by Christian Pierre during the 1990s . Despite both players being five-time world champions , it was Duguet that was awarded the prize of 'player of the century ' ( ) at the World Championship in Paris in 2000 .
Duguet only played ten seasons of French Scrabble , also winning the French national championship six times , the World Championship by pairs five times and the French championship by pairs twice . Away from Scrabble , he was the Des chiffres et des lettres champion in 1984 , a game show based on anagrams and numbers games known as Countdown in the UK . After retiring from Scrabble in 1988 , he took up bridge and ending up representing the French national team at the European Bridge championships in 2002 , as well as winning the French cup ( Coupe de France ) of the bridge in 2004 with his wife Marlène . Duguet has occasionally come out of retirement to play Scrabble , finishing 7th at Vichy in 2006 , a tournament which welcomes more than 1200 players each year .
Duguet is also an author and has written six books with Michel Charlemagne , another World Scrabble Champion who turned to card games after being World Scrabble Champion .
Notable achievements
Scrabble
Five time World Champion : 1982 , 1983 , 1985 , 1987 , 1988
Five times World Champion by pairs : 1982 , 1983 , 1985 , 1986 , 1988
Six time French national champion : 1981 , 1982 , 1983 , 1984 , 1985 , 1987
Twice national champion by pairs : 1982 , 1987
Bridge
9th place in the European Championship ( with Marlène Duguet ) : 1998
2nd place in the European Championship ( with Marlène Duguet ) : 2000
Winner of the 'Coupe de France ' ( with Marlène Duguet ) : 2004
Member of the French national bridge team in 2002
Books
1998 : Le Scrabble en 10 leçons par Michel Charlemagne and Michel Duguet , editions Minerva ( ) .
1998 : Premiers pas au bridge by Michel Charlemagne and Michel Duguet , editions Marabout ( ) .
1998 : Jouez au Scrabble avec Michel Duguet , editions Flammarion ( ) .
1999 : Le grand livre de tous les jeux de cartes by Michel Charlemagne , Michel Duguet and Jean-Michel Maman ( ) .
2003 : Le guide Marabout du bridge by Michel Charlemagne and Michel Duguet , editions Marabout ( ) .
2005 : Le grand guide Marabout du bridge by Michel Charlemagne and Michel Duguet , editions Marabout ( ) .
See also
Contract bridge
Duplicate Scrabble
Francophone Scrabble
1961 births
French contract bridge players
French Scrabble players
Living people
The Occidental Mindoro Provincial Board is the Sangguniang Panlalawigan ( provincial legislature ) of the Philippine province of Occidental Mindoro .
The members are elected via plurality-at-large voting : the province is divided into two districts , each having five seats . A voter votes up to five names , with the top five candidates per district being elected . The vice governor is the ex officio presiding officer , and only votes to break ties . The vice governor is elected via the plurality voting system province-wide .
The districts used in appropriation of members is not coextensive with the legislative district of Occidental Mindoro ; unlike congressional representation which is at-large , Occidental Mindoro is divided into two districts for representation in the Sangguniang Panlalawigan .
Aside from the regular members , the board also includes the provincial federation presidents of the Liga ng mga Barangay ( ABC , from its old name `` Association of Barangay Captains '' ) , the Sangguniang Kabataan ( SK , youth councils ) and the Philippine Councilors League ( PCL ) . Occidental Mindoro 's provincial board also has a reserved seat for its indigenous people ( IPMR ) .
Apportionment
List of members
Current members
These are the members after the 2019 local elections and 2018 barangay and SK elections :
Vice Governor : Peter Alfaro ( PDP–Laban )
References
Politics of Occidental Mindoro
Provincial boards in the Philippines
`` Forty Six & 2 '' is a song by the American progressive metal band Tool . It was released as the fourth single from their second major record release Ænima in 1996 and received radio airplay .
Title and theme
A popular belief is that the song title refers to an idea first conceived by Carl Jung . But this seems in error as no relevant citations to Jung on such an idea seem to be available . Such an idea is further attributed to Drunvalo Melchizedek concerning the possibility of reaching a state of evolution at which the body would have two more than the normal 46 total chromosomes and leave a disharmonious state . The premise is humans would deviate from the current state of human DNA which contains 44 autosomes and two sex chromosomes . The next step of evolution would likely result in human DNA being reorganized into 46 autosomes and two sex chromosomes , according to Melchizedek .
Additionally , it may refer to the desire to experience change through the `` shadow '' , an idea that represents the parts of one 's psyche , and identity that one hates , fears and represses ; this exists as a recurring theme in the work of Carl Jung .
The song is mostly in 4/4 time with some sections of 7/8 in between . In the intro , Danny Carey plays four measures of 7/8 on his ride cymbal over the rest of the band playing in 4/4 , and they all meet up on the downbeat of the 5th measure in 4/4 . During the bridge there are three measures of 7/8 followed by one measure of 4/4 . During a particular quad fill , the drums are in 3/8 , the guitar plays one measure of 9/8 followed by one in 5/8 all while the bass keeps time in 7/8 . Most of the song is written in D Phrygian dominant scale , also known as the fifth mode of the G harmonic minor scale .
Track listing
Chart performance
References
1996 songs
1997 singles
Tool ( band ) songs
Songs about science
1998 singles
Songs written by Maynard James Keenan
Songs written by Danny Carey
Songs written by Justin Chancellor
Songs written by Adam Jones ( musician )
Gat Kola ( , also Romanized as Gat Kolā and Gat Kalā ; also known as Kat Kolā ) is a village in Chelav Rural District , in the Central District of Amol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 44 , in 9 families .
References
Populated places in Amol County
Nipun Haggalla ( born 13 November 1997 ) is a Sri Lankan cricketer . He made his first-class debut for Bloomfield Cricket and Athletic Club in the 2017–18 Premier League Tournament on 8 December 2017 . He made his Twenty20 debut for Bloomfield Cricket and Athletic Club in the 2017–18 SLC Twenty20 Tournament on 24 February 2018 . He made his List A debut for Bloomfield Cricket and Athletic Club in the 2018–19 Premier Limited Overs Tournament on 8 March 2019 .
References
External links
1997 births
Living people
Sri Lankan cricketers
Bloomfield Cricket and Athletic Club cricketers
Place of birth missing ( living people )
I Write Like is a website created by Russian software programmer Dmitry Chestnykh , founder of software company Coding Robots . The site analyzes users ' writing samples and , by looking for certain keywords , vocabulary , and style via a naive Bayes classifier returns the name of a popular writer the sample most closely resembles . It was launched on July 9 , 2010 , and , according to reports , has gone viral , getting over 100,000 visitors on July 13 , 2010 , and spreading quickly across other blogs and popular social-networking websites such as Facebook and Twitter .
According to the Toronto Star , the website 's popularity soared as a result of a series of rants made by actor Mel Gibson ; New York City-based blog Gawker submitted transcripts of Gibson 's rants to find that the site website compared them to writings by Canadian writer and feminist Margaret Atwood . Film critic Roger Ebert tried the site and said on a tweet that `` I Write Like thinks I write like Margaret Atwood , she writes like H. P. Lovecraft , and he writes like James Joyce '' . The Star also reported the result that Ontario premier Dalton McGuinty 's Children 's hospital in Ottawa celebrates big expansion closely resembles Joyce 's A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man . The Guardian reported that Atwood herself tried out the website , and it said that her writing resembles that of novelist Stephen King in one attempt and like Joyce on another try . William Gibson also tried the site , which said his writing resembles that of Vladimir Nabokov . A transcript of a speech made by U.S. President Barack Obama in June 2010 has been compared to author David Foster Wallace , while the lyrics to Lady Gaga 's song `` Alejandro '' have been compared to William Shakespeare . Other bloggers , including author Teresa Nielsen Hayden , have expressed anger and frustration to find that the website has compared their writings to that by The Da Vinci Code author Dan Brown . Despite the website 's early success , Chestnykh was cautious to say that its accuracy still needs improvement , as he has only been able to upload `` a few books by some 50 different authors '' into its database . He says that he intends to include advanced features such as `` probability percentages '' that a user-submitted passage resembles a certain author .
References
Literature websites
Internet properties established in 2010
UFC 202 : Diaz vs. McGregor 2 was a mixed martial arts event produced by the Ultimate Fighting Championship that was held on August 20 , 2016 , at the T-Mobile Arena in Paradise , Nevada , part of the Las Vegas metropolitan area .
This event was the first one under the full control of the new ownership group consisting of William Morris Endeavor , Silver Lake Partners , Kohlberg Kravis Roberts and MSD Capital .
This event was the most bought UFC pay-per-view of all time with a buyrate of 1.65 million , until UFC 229 ( which also featured McGregor in the main event ) broke the record with 2.4 million .
Background
The event was headlined by a welterweight rematch between The Ultimate Fighter 5 winner and former lightweight title challenger Nate Diaz and UFC Featherweight Champion Conor McGregor .
The pairing previously met earlier in the year at UFC 196 . McGregor was expected to challenge then UFC Lightweight Champion Rafael dos Anjos , but Dos Anjos pulled out due to a broken foot only 11 days before the event . Diaz eventually replaced him and the bout was shifted to the welterweight division . Diaz won the fight via rear-naked choke in the second round . Their rematch was originally expected to take place at UFC 200 , but everything changed during mid-April , as a disagreement between McGregor and the UFC , regarding his media schedule , led to his removal from the event and then Diaz was also pulled out .
A bout between former UFC Light Heavyweight Championship challengers Anthony Johnson and Glover Teixeira was expected to serve as the co-main event for UFC on Fox : Holm vs. Shevchenko . However , Johnson pulled out one month before the event to tend to personal issues . In turn , promotion officials elected to pull Teixeira from the card and the pairing was left intact and rescheduled to take place at this event .
Dong Hyun Kim was expected to face Neil Magny at the event . However , Kim pulled out due to injury on July 12 and was replaced by Lorenz Larkin .
A welterweight contest between former WEC Welterweight Champion and former interim UFC Welterweight Champion Carlos Condit and Demian Maia , a former UFC Middleweight Championship challenger , was scheduled to take place at this event , but was moved a week later to headline an already scheduled FOX event .
Sultan Aliev was expected to face Lim Hyun-gyu at the event . However , Aliev pulled out of the fight in early August citing a wrist injury . Lim faced promotional newcomer Mike Perry .
On August 5 , Sean Strickland pulled out of his planned bout against Tim Means due to a knee injury . He was replaced by promotional newcomer Sabah Homasi .
The Ultimate Fighter : China winner Ning Guangyou tested positive for clenbuterol from an out-of-competition sample taken May 19 , but USADA found he ingested the substance without fault or negligence . They reviewed the evidence of the case – Ning 's whereabouts , dietary habits and the lab reports showing `` very low parts per billion concentrations '' of the substance – and determined that it very likely came from tainted meat , as countries like Mexico and China have a high risk for meats contaminated with the substance . Ning will not face a suspension . He was expected to face Marlon Vera at this event , but due to this incident the bout was pushed back one week for UFC on Fox : Maia vs. Condit .
Results
Bonus awards
The following fighters were awarded $ 50,000 bonuses :
Fight of the Night : Nate Diaz vs. Conor McGregor
Performance of the Night : Anthony Johnson and Donald Cerrone
Reported payout
The following is the reported payout to the fighters as reported to the Nevada State Athletic Commission . It does not include sponsor money and also does not include the UFC 's traditional `` fight night '' bonuses . The total disclosed payout for the event was $ 6,106,000 .
Conor McGregor : $ 3,000,000 ( no win bonus ) def . Nate Diaz : $ 2,000,000
Anthony Johnson : $ 270,000 ( includes $ 135,000 win bonus ) def . Glover Teixeira : $ 65,000
Donald Cerrone : $ 170,000 ( includes $ 85,000 win bonus ) def . Rick Story : $ 41,000
Mike Perry : $ 20,000 ( includes $ 10,000 win bonus ) def . Hyun Gyu Lim : $ 18,000
Tim Means : $ 62,000 ( includes $ 31,000 win bonus ) def . Sabah Homasi : $ 12,000
Cody Garbrandt : $ 54,000 ( includes $ 27,000 win bonus ) def . Takeya Mizugaki : $ 39,000
Raquel Pennington : $ 46,000 ( includes $ 23,000 win bonus ) def . Elizabeth Phillips : $ 12,000
Artem Lobov : $ 26,000 ( includes $ 13,000 win bonus ) def . Chris Avila : $ 10,000
Cortney Casey : $ 40,000 ( includes $ 20,000 win bonus ) def . Randa Markos : $ 14,000
Lorenz Larkin : $ 78,000 ( includes $ 39,000 win bonus ) def . Neil Magny : $ 47,000
Colby Covington : $ 42,000 ( includes $ 21,000 win bonus ) def . Max Griffin : $ 10,000
Marvin Vettori : $ 20,000 ( includes $ 10,000 win bonus ) def . Alberto Uda : $ 10,000
Records set
McGregor 's fight purse was the highest in history , breaking Brock Lesnar 's record from UFC 200 by $ 500,000 . Also , this event estimates doing 1.65 million buys on pay-per-view , putting it slightly ahead of the previous record ( 1.6 million ) from UFC 100 , which featured the second bout between Brock Lesnar and Frank Mir .
See also
List of UFC events
2016 in UFC
References
Ultimate Fighting Championship events
Events in Paradise , Nevada
Mixed martial arts in Las Vegas
2016 in mixed martial arts
T-Mobile Arena
August 2016 sports events in the United States
Xiangyang ( ) is a prefecture-level city in Hubei , China .
Xiangyang ( ) may refer to :
Xiangyang Mountain , a mountain in the Central Mountain Range of Taiwan
Districts
Xiangyang District , Hegang , Heilongjiang
Xiangyang District , Jiamusi , Heilongjiang
Subdistricts
Xiangyang Subdistrict , Fuyang , in Yingdong District , Fuyang , Anhui
Xiangyang Subdistrict , Xuancheng , in Xuanzhou District , Xuancheng , Anhui
Xiangyang Subdistrict , Beijing , in Fangshan District , Beijing
Xiangyang Subdistrict , Qinzhou , in Qinnan District , Qinzhou , Guangxi
Xiangyang Subdistrict , Jixi , in Jiguan District , Jixi , Heilongjiang
Xiangyang Subdistrict , Mudanjiang , in Aimin District , Mudanjiang , Heilongjiang
Xiangyang Subdistrict , Chifeng , in Songshan District , Chifeng , Inner Mongolia
Xiangyang Subdistrict , Zhalantun , Inner Mongolia
Xiangyang Subdistrict , Jiujiang , in Xunyang District , Jiujiang , Jiangxi
Xiangyang Subdistrict , Jilin City , in Chuanying District , Jilin City , Jilin
Xiangyang Subdistrict , Taonan , Jilin
Xiangyang Subdistrict , Chaoyang , in Longcheng District , Chaoyang , Liaoning
Xiangyang Subdistrict , Tieling , in Qinghe District , Tieling , Liaoning
Xiangyang Subdistrict , Weinan , in Linwei District , Weinan , Shaanxi
Xiangyang Subdistrict , Yantai , in Zhifu District , Yantai , Shandong
Xiangyang Subdistrict , Shihezi , Xinjiang
Towns
Xiangyang , Tian ' e County , Guangxi
Xiangyang , Jidong County , Heilongjiang
Xiangyang , Tongjiang , Heilongjiang
Xiangyang , Wuchang , Heilongjiang
Xiangyang , Xiangfang District , Harbin , Heilongjiang
Xiangyang , Liuhe County , Jilin
Xiangyang , Ziyang County , Shaanxi
Xiangyang , Shanxi , in Jiancaoping District , Taiyuan , Shanxi
Xiangyang , Guanghan , Sichuan
Townships
Xiangyang Township , Anhui , in Lingbi County , Anhui
Xiangyang Township , Fujian , in Nan'an , Fujian
Xiangyang Township , Jiayin County , Heilongjiang
Xiangyang Township , Zhaodong , in Zhaodong , Heilongjiang
Xiangyang Township , Liaoning , in Huanren Manchu Autonomous County , Liaoning
Xiangyang Township , Sichuan , in Puge County , Sichuan
Xiangyang Township , Yunnan , in Luxi County , Yunnan
Sarah Catherine Derrington ( née Johnstone ) is an Australian jurist and academic . She has served as President of the Australian Law Reform Commission and as a Judge of the Federal Court of Australia since 10 January 2018 . She was previously Dean of Law at the University of Queensland from 2013 to 2018 .
Early life and education
Derrington was educated at St Anne 's School in Townsville , Mentone Girls ' Grammar in Melbourne , St Hilda 's , Southport before finishing her secondary education at St Margaret 's Anglican Girls ' School . She then studied at the University of Queensland , from where she holds a BA in French and German , a Bachelor of Laws ( Hons ) , a Master of Laws , and a Doctor of Philosophy in the field of marine insurance law . In 1990 , she was admitted to the Bar in Queensland and as a Barrister & Solicitor of the Supreme Court of the ACT .
Career
Derrington pursued dual careers in both academia and as a barrister specialising in maritime and shipping law and general commercial law , and has co-authored a number of texts on admiralty law . She was appointed as Professor of Admiralty Law at the University of Queensland in 2008 . In 2013 she was appointed as the university 's Dean of Law , the first woman to hold the position .
Appointment to Australian Law Reform Commission and Federal Court
In November 2017 , Derrington was appointed by Attorney-General George Brandis as President of the Australian Law Reform Commission and also as a Judge of the Federal Court of Australia .
As President of the Law Reform Commission , Derrington has presided over reports into Class Actions and Third-party Litigation Funders ( ALRC Report 134 ) ; Family Law ( ALRC Report 135 ) and Corporate Criminal Responsibility ( ALRC Report 136 ) .
Personal life and honours
Derrington is married to Justice Roger Derrington who was appointed to the Federal Court in 2017 . They have three children .
In 2009 , Derrington was appointed as a Fellow of the Australian Academy of Law . In 2002 , she was appointed as a Member of the Order of Australia in the 2022 Queen 's Birthday Honours for `` significant service to the judiciary and to the law , and to legal education '' .
See also
List of Judges of the Federal Court of Australia
References
21st-century Australian judges
21st-century women judges
Australian legal scholars
Australian women judges
Fellows of the Australian Academy of Law
Judges of the Federal Court of Australia
Law reform in Australia
Living people
Members of the Order of Australia
University of Queensland alumni
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Emma Williams ( born 9 July 1983 in Liverpool ) is a British artistic gymnast that competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics
External links
1983 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Liverpool
British female artistic gymnasts
Olympic gymnasts of Great Britain
Gymnasts at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Pieter Moree ( born January 1 , 1965 in Schipluiden ) is a Dutch mathematician .
He specializes in number theory . He obtained his PhD in 1993 under the direction of Robert Tijdeman at Leiden University . He is the author of over 80 publications .
He has worked at the Max Planck Institute for Mathematics in Bonn since 2004 , where he is a Researcher and the Scientific Coordinator .
Trivia
He coined the term `` psixyology '' for the theory of counting integers having only small prime factors .
References
External links
Personal page of Pieter Moree
1965 births
Living people
20th-century Dutch mathematicians
21st-century mathematicians
Leiden University alumni
People from Midden-Delfland
Jan Stachura ( born 24 September 1948 ) is a Polish former racing cyclist . He won the Tour de Pologne 1970 .
References
External links
1948 births
Living people
Polish male cyclists
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Marc Sergeant ( born 16 August 1959 ) is a Belgian former professional road bicycle racer . He competed in the team time trial event at the 1980 Summer Olympics . After Sergeant stopped his cycling career , he became team manager at . He left his management role at the end of the 2021 season .
Sergeant finished a total of 6 times in the top 10 of Tour of Flanders .
Major results
Sources :
1981
1st Road race , National Amateur Road Championships
2nd Ghent–Wevelgem U23
2nd Circuit de Wallonie
3rd Circuit des Frontières
5th Ronde van Vlaanderen U23
1982
1st Overall , Vuelta a Andalucía
1st Stage 3
1st Stage 6 , Four Days of Dunkirk
7th Paris–Roubaix
9th Tour of Flanders
9th Overall Tour of the Netherlands
1983
1st Londerzeel
2nd Road race , National Road Championships
2nd Leeuwse Pijl
3rd Tour of Flanders
6th Grand Prix Eddy Merckx
8th Polder-Kempen
1984
1st Stage 5 , Tour de Suisse
2nd Overall Tour of Belgium
3rd Dwars door België
3rd Grand Prix Eddy Merckx
9th Grote Prijs Jef Scherens
1985
1st Oostkamp & Temse
2nd Kuurne–Brussels–Kuurne
3rd Druivenkoers Overijse
8th Grand Prix Eddy Merckx
9th E3 Prijs Vlaanderen
10th Amstel Gold Race
1986
1st Road race , National Road Championships
2nd Overall Etoile de Bessèges
1st Stage 3
2nd Overall Tour of Belgium
2nd Le Samyn
4th Tour du Haut Var
6th Dwars door België
6th Liège–Bastogne–Liège
6th Circuit des Frontières
7th Paris–Roubaix
8th Amstel Gold Race
10th Overall Tour de Romandie
1987
1st Stage 5 , Tour de France
1st Profronde van Almelo
2nd Overall Ronde van Nederland
1st Stage 2
3rd E3 Prijs Vlaanderen
4th Overall Tour du Haut Var
4th Overall La Méditerranéenne
5th Tour of Flanders
5th Road race , National Road Championships
7th Overall Classic Brugge–De Panne
7th Paris–Roubaix
8th Overall Four Days of Dunkirk
9th Omloop Het Volk
9th Druivenkoers Overijse
1988
1st Druivenkoers Overijse
1st Stage 1 Euskal Bizikleta
4th Overall Four Days of Dunkirk
5th Overall Tour of Belgium
5th Paris–Roubaix
5th Amstel Gold Race
6th Tour of Flanders
6th Kuurne–Brussels–Kuurne
6th De Brabantse Pijl
7th Overall Ronde van Nederland
1st Stage 6
7th Dwars door België
9th Circuit des XI Villes
10th Omloop Het Volk
1989
1st Oostrozebeke
3rd E3 Prijs Vlaanderen
4th Omloop van het Leiedal
6th Tour of Flanders
8th Overall Tour of Belgium
8th Circuit des Frontières
1990
1st Stage 3 ( TTT ) Tour de France
2nd Omloop van de Westhoek
3rd Dwars door België
5th , Wincanton Classic
1991
6th Overall Vuelta a Andalucía
6th Gent–Wevelgem
6th Grand Prix de Fourmies
7th Trofeo Luis Puig
7th Memorial Rik Van Steenbergen
8th Omloop Het Volk
8th Paris–Roubaix
8th De Kustpijl
10th Tour of Flanders
1992
1st De Haan
1st Stage 4 ( TTT ) Tour de France
10th Druivenkoers Overijse
1993
4th Tour of Flanders
7th Paris–Roubaix
9th Dwars door België
1994
2nd Dwars door België
8th Tour of Flanders
1995
4th Binche–Chimay–Binche
5th Halle–Ingooigem
6th Grand Prix La Marseillaise
Grand Tour general classification results timeline
References
External links
Official Tour de France results for Marc Sergeant
1959 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Aalst , Belgium
Cyclists from East Flanders
Belgian male cyclists
Belgian Tour de France stage winners
Cyclists at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Olympic cyclists of Belgium
Tour de Suisse stage winners
Lotto–Soudal
The Jennifer Ann Crecente Memorial Group , Inc. , commonly known as `` Jennifer Ann 's Group '' , is a Code Section 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) public charity based in Atlanta , Georgia , whose aims are to educate young people about the prevalence of teen dating violence , how to identify these relationships , and how to extricate themselves safely from such relationships .
History
The Jennifer Ann Crecente Memorial Group , Inc. received its corporate charter in the U.S. state of Georgia on June 23 , 2006 , and its 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) status from the IRS on September 26 , 2006 . The stated goals of the organization are `` [ t ] o keep Jennifer Crecente 's memory alive through good works and by fighting Teen Dating Violence . '' The organization 's trade name is Jennifer Ann 's Group and is named in memory of Jennifer Ann Crecente . The group was founded by Crecente 's father after the murder of the 18-year-old high school honors student by her ex-boyfriend .
Gaming Against Violence
The charity focuses on preventing teen dating violence through awareness , education , and advocacy . Although the group has several programs , the program for which it is the best known is Gaming Against Violence , a program which produces and publishes video games designed to prevent teen dating violence .
History of Gaming Against Violence
Since 2008 the organization has sponsored an annual game design competition , the Life.Love . Game Design Challenge , asking game developers `` Can you create a video game about teen dating violence ... without using violence in the game itself ? ''
The winning video games are published and promoted to encourage students , parents , and teachers to learn about how to recognize and avoid abusive dating relationships . The winning video games represent a wide range of countries , with winning games coming from Argentina , Belgium , Canada , England , India , Ireland , Mexico , Sweden , Thailand , and the U.S .
Presentations
Jennifer Ann 's Group 's efforts to use video games to prevent teen dating violence has been presented to many groups including Games for Health conferences in Boston and Amsterdam , mHealth conferences , Game Developers Conference ( GDC ) , SIEGE , and to the CDC .
Journal Publication
The Games for Health Journal printed a Program Profile about the program : `` Gaming Against Violence : A Grassroots Approach to Teen Dating Violence '' in 2014 .
Recognition
Recognized as a Top 10 Trailblazer by Break the Cycle for `` innovative use of video games '' to stop teen dating violence . Its video game 'Rispek Danis ' was recognized as a Finalist for Most Significant Impact by the 2019 Games for Change Awards . Two video games produced by Jennifer Ann 's Group and published in 2021 , 'Culture Overlord ' and 'Sea of Roses ' , were each finalist for the 2021 James Paul Gee Learning Games Award .
Video Games
Rispek Danis ( the Respect Dance ) , a `` culturally appropriate and enjoyable game about consent created for youth in Vanuatu '' is a finalist for 'Most Significant Impact ' at the 2019 Games for Change Awards . The game is in Bislama and the game 's dialogue , settings , characters , and music reflect ni-Vanuatu life . Rispek Danis is available to play online or for Android devices from Google Play . An English-language version is only available to play online . Rispek Danis was developed through a collaboration between World Vision Vanuatu and Jennifer Ann 's Group to `` teach young people about the meaning and importance of consent '' as part of the `` It Takes a World Campaign '' from World Vision International .
ADRIFT , a serious game about consent developed by Quinn Crossley and Andrew Connell for Jennifer Ann 's Group is part of the 2019 `` Hedonism '' exhibition at MOD . at the University of South Australia which features a life-size video game called F.A.B.L.E . ( the Federated Association of Believers , Leaders , and Explorers ) that is based on ADRIFT .
More of the winning video games from the organization 's annual design competition are published online and/or for download to smartphones and tablets . A selection of the video games include : Grace 's Diary , a game about dating violence and bystander awareness from 2010 developed by GPTouch ; Love in the Dumpster , a game about teen dating violence and its impact on all genders from 2013 developed by AnotherKind ; The Guardian , a game about abusive relationships and its impact on different age groups and genders from 2014 developed by 99UNO ; Another Chance , a `` cute , sprite-based game '' with `` interesting mechanics and , yes , got a bit preachy '' that `` for a brief , razor-sharp moment I was confronted with a real issue in the world today : Teen Dating Violence '' from 2015 developed by AnotherKind ; HONEYMOON , a game about healthy relationships from 2016 developed by SNDR ; Stuck in a Dark Place , a serious game about consent that `` addresses many consent scenarios including sexual assault and rape '' from 2017 developed by AnotherKind ; Citizen Witch , a game about bystander intervention from 2018 developed by Lucas Vially ; and Step Up , a game about bystander intervention from 2018 developed by Jc Games .
The games are available through various app stores including App Store ( iOS ) , Google Play , Amazon App Store , Blackberry World , and Amazon Alexa skills marketplace . The organization 's game portal JAGga.me features a rotating selection of the video games as does its page on itch.io . All games for online play and for download are free .
Media Coverage
The Gaming Against Violence program and Jennifer Ann 's Group 's use of video games has been covered by a range of gaming and mainstream media outlets including Wired , Huffington Post , Kotaku , Fast Co.Exist , Polygon , Gamasutra , GamePolitics.com , and NPR .
Efforts : Other Programs
Legislation
On November 16 , 2006 a member of the Jennifer Ann 's Group 's advisory group , Dr. Elizabeth Richeson , used Jennifer Ann 's Group as an example of a group that is attempting to educate others about the prevalence of teen dating violence at the Texas Psychological Association 's convention about their `` Stand Against Violence '' campaign . On November 23 , 2006 Dr. Richeson discussed the group 's efforts to educate others about how common violence is in teenage relationships in an interview with El Paso , Texas NBC affiliate KTSM .
On February 13 , 2007 , the charity provided testimony to the Texas House in support of new legislation proposed to require school districts in Texas to adopt policies regarding teen dating violence . On May 18 , 2007 the Dating Violence Policy Bill was signed into law in Texas and became effective immediately .
The charity has successfully lobbied with Texas state politicians Senator Eliot Shapleigh and Representative Valinda Bolton to have a bill , `` Jennifer 's Law '' entered into legislation in Texas to award posthumous diplomas to high school seniors that have died during their senior year . The bill was entered on February 15 , 2007 , the one-year anniversary of Jennifer Ann Crecente 's murder . The legislation passed both the Senate and the House and was sent to Governor Rick Perry for signing . The law went into effect upon signing by the Governor on June 15 , 2007 .
Partnerships
On February 8 , 2007 , the charity announced a partnership with the Loveisrespect National Teen Dating Abuse Helpline to promote their helpline on the Educational Cards that the charity distributes . The charity purchased 10,000 Educational Cards that will be distributed to the Education , Health Care and Government sectors .
Educational Resources
On September 28 , 2007 , the charity received their order of 100,000 Educational Cards to educate teens about the dangers of teen dating violence . These free cards are given to organizations throughout the United States . The educational cards have the same form factor as credit cards - and are made from the same material . The idea behind the cards was to provide this information to young people in a format that would `` endure scrutiny as well as the lifestyles of young people . ''
On January 31 , 2009 , the charity announced that it had distributed over 250,000 Educational Cards to schools and other organizations across the United States in support of its efforts to increase awareness about teen dating violence .
In 2009 the group began distributing educational bookmarks . The bookmarks contain the same safety information and warning signs as the cards but also includes other helpful information intended to encourage students to retain the bookmarks for future reference .
As of 2016 the organization had distributed over 500,000 of their resources to `` schools , churches , and other organizations at no cost to them . ''
Fundraisers
The first annual fundraiser , held April 21 , 2007 in El Paso , Texas was supported by many organizations . Video gaming blog Kotaku offered several video gaming packages for bid through eBay with all proceeds going to the charity .
In 2008 the fundraiser moved to the Fall and was held September 13 , 2008 in El Paso .
From 2009 to 2016 , the fundraiser was held in October in El Paso .
References
A Great Becoming - Jennifer Ann 's Group announces the '7th Annual Life.Love . Game Design Challenge ' with a first place prize of $ 7,000
GameZone - Love in the Dumpster : A game about toxic relationships
IND13 - Life.Love . Game Design Challenge to educate and prevent teen dating violence
IndieDB - A Casual Chat
IndieGames - Game Design Challenge
Kotaku - Winners named for teen dating violence prevention game contest
Kotaku - Love Life Game Design Challenge Kicks Off
Kotaku - 2009 Love Game Design Challenge Winners Unveiled
Kotaku - 2010 Life Love Game Design Challenge Offers 2.5k Prize
Kotaku - Make a Game , Help Stop Teen Dating Violence
MCV - Video games that prevent violence among teens
The Oak Hill Gazette - A year after student 's murder , proposed bill could allow Bowie to give diploma
Pixelkin - Game design contest looks to help teens in abusive relationships
Polygon - Life Love Game Design Challenge Helps Promote Awareness of Teen Dating Violence
RobotSaid - 2016 Life.Love . Game Design Challenge
Sex , etc . Teen Dating Violence Game Design Challenge
VentureBeat - Games Doing Good : Free Flash Games Designed to Prevent Teen-Dating Abuse
What'chat Reading - Another Chance , and 2016 Life.Love . Game Design Challenge
External links
Jennifer Ann 's Group Official site .
Jennifer Ann 's Group 's game portal Official site .
GDC Presentation 2015 presentation at GDC by the founder of Jennifer Ann 's Group .
'Culture Overlord ' video game about media literacy and healthy relationships Game produced and published by Jennifer Ann 's Group in 2021 . Finalist for 2021 James Paul Gee Learning Games Award .
'Sea of Roses ' video game about cultural influences on healthy relationships Game produced and published by Jennifer Ann 's Group in 2021 . Finalist for 2021 James Paul Gee Leaning Games Award .
'Lamplight Hollow ' video game about gaslighting Game 'Lamplight Hollow ' produced and published by Jennifer Ann 's Group in 2020 . Winner of 2020 Jungle Jam DreamHack Anaheim .
'Rispek Danis ' video game about consent and healthy relationships Game 'Rispek Danis ' produced and published by Jennifer Ann 's Group and World Vision Vanuatu . Finalist for 2019 Games for Change Award for `` Most Significant Impact . ''
Criminology organizations
Educational charities based in the United States
Organizations based in Atlanta
Organizations established in 2006
Charities based in Georgia ( U.S. state )
Women 's organizations based in the United States
Domestic violence-related organizations in the United States
Dating
Women in Georgia ( U.S. state )
Voyvodinovo ( ) is a village in the Plovdiv Province , southern Bulgaria . As of 2006 it has 2,018 inhabitants . It is one of the biggest villages in the Maritsa Municipality and is at 2 km to the east of Plovdiv . There are mineral waters in the village .
Еconomy
Due to its proximity to the second largest city in the country , the Trakiya motorway and the well-organised transport , Voyvodinovo attracts many investitors to build manufacturing plants here . Currently the total amount of the investments exceeds €70 000 000 .
The biggest investment is €30,000,000 for the largest electronics plant in the Balkans which was constructed in 2005 and produces microelectronics , DVDs and computers . The plant employs around 300 people .
A new modern €5,500,000 processing plant for pork and beef was inaugurated in May 2007 . The facility has a built-up area of 5,900 m² ; a capacity of 30,000 tons meat a year and has 150 employees . The production is going to meet the demands of meat-producing companies in the area .
Several other plants are located in the village , mainly in the machine and food industries . There is a project for a golf course .
Footnotes
Villages in Maritsa Municipality
Gaetz Brook is a rural community of the Halifax Regional Municipality in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia .
Gaetz Brook has a junior high school called Gaetz Brook Junior High for students in grades 7–9 , and the students come from O'Connell Drive Elementary and Porter 's Lake Elementary . They can also come from Atlanticview Elementary .
Gaetz Brook Greenway
In Spring 2020 , SATA Trails opened the Gaetz Brook Greenway . The newly developed rail trail starts in Musquodoboit Harbour near the end of Highway 107 and ends on the East Chezzetcook Road . There are small connectors to the trail through the parking lot of the Gaetz Brook Junior High School , the parking lot of the Eastern Marine Legion 161 and Pine Hill Drive .
References
Explore HRM
Gaetz Brook
Communities in Halifax , Nova Scotia
General Service Areas in Nova Scotia
Gabriel II ( ) , ( ? – 3 December 1659 ) was Ecumenical Patriarch of Constantinople for one week in 1657 .
In 1659 he was hanged by the Ottoman Sultan for having baptized a converted Muslim , and after refusing to abjure his own Christian faith . He is hence revered as New Hieromartyr Gabriel , Metropolitan of Prousa and his feast in the Eastern Orthodox Church is December 3 .
Life
Gabriel was elected Metropolitan of Ganos and Chora on 23 March 1648 for a first term which lasted until 26 November 1651 , and again in 1654 . After the execution of Parthenius III he was appointed as the new Patriarch on 23 April 1657 with the support of the Greek Orthodox nobility . However the Holy Synod considered him uneducated and unsuitable for the throne , and deposed him a few days later , on 30 April 1657 .
After his deposition , besides his diocese of Ganos , he was given the position of administrator ( proedros ) of the vacant Metropolitan See of Prousa ( Bursa ) . Here he was accused by the Jewish community to have baptized a Muslim , even if actually the baptized was a Jew and not a Muslim . He was also charged with maintaining good relations with the Russians , at the time at war with the Ottoman Empire .
Sultan Mehmed IV was in those days in Bursa , and his Grand Vizier Mehmed Koprulu imprisoned Gabriel , and promised him freedom and honor in change to conversion to Islam . Gabriel refused and was tortured and finally hanged on 3 December 1659 .
Notes
1659 deaths
17th-century Ecumenical Patriarchs of Constantinople
17th-century Eastern Orthodox martyrs
Christian saints killed by Muslims
Metropolitans of Bursa
People executed by the Ottoman Empire by hanging
Year of birth unknown
Christians executed for refusing to convert to Islam
The Swiss Seismological Service ( , , , ) at ETH Zurich is the federal agency responsible for monitoring earthquakes in Switzerland and its neighboring countries and for assessing Switzerland 's seismic hazard . When an earthquake happens , the SED informs the public , authorities , and the media about the earthquake 's location , magnitude , and possible consequences . The activities of the SED are integrated in the federal action plan for earthquake precaution .
History
The beginnings of the SED trace back to the establishment of the Erdbebenkommission in 1878 . In 1911 the first earthquake surveillance station of Switzerland was established in Degenried near Zurich . Three years later ( 1914 ) , the earthquake monitoring mandate was defined in a federal law . Thus , what had been a voluntary activity was transformed into an institution . 1957 the federal assembly agrees on a federal law which puts the SED under the wing of the ETH Zurich ( Institute of Geophysics ) . In its present form as a nondepartmental unit of ETH Zurich , the SED has been in existence since 2009 .
Earthquake monitoring
More than 200 seismic monitoring stations installed and serviced by the SED constantly monitor earthquake activity in Switzerland and its neighboring countries . All stations operate high-dynamic-range sensors with wide frequency bandwidths and are digitised on modern 24- or 26-bit data loggers , which stream data in real time , targeting minimum latency . Any data that arrives in Zurich are managed and processed by SED . By assessing its quality , SED ensures that the data are ready to use to produce an Earthquake Catalogue and in downstream research . The processing center in Zurich acquires data recorded in Switzerland from two different sources :
Swiss National Network ( CHNet ) consisting of both the Swiss Digital Seismic Network ( SDSNet ) and the Swiss Strong Motion Network ( SSMNet ) , mainly using broadband seismometers to register weak local , moderate regional and moderate to strong global earthquakes as well as accelerometers to register moderate and strong local earthquakes .
Special networks ( often temporary ) in order to monitor increased natural seismic activity , do aftershock deployments , monitor geothermal exploration , support research and educational projects ( e.g . AlpArray and seismo @ school ) , or industry projects by third-party assignment .
Although the main focus lies on Switzerland , SED also develops techniques that can be applied elsewhere and teaming up with agencies around the world to develop , install and monitor systems . Furthermore , SED is working closely together with other seismological services in immediate neighboring countries .
Earthquake hazard in Switzerland
In comparison with other European countries Switzerland faces a medium seismic hazard , but there are regional differences : In Valais , Basel , the St. Gallen Rhine Valley , Mittelbünden , the Engadine , and Central Switzerland more earthquakes are registered than in other regions . However , earthquakes may occur anytime and anywhere in Switzerland . Between 1'000 and 1'500 earthquakes a year are recorded in Switzerland and its immediate neighboring countries . Actually , between 10 and 20 quakes a year are strong enough to be felt by citizens , usually those with a magnitude of 2.5 or above .
A strong earthquake with a magnitude of approximately 6 occurs every 50 to 100 years on average . The last time an earthquake of such magnitude was recorded was in 1946 near Sierre in Valais .
The strongest earthquake in Switzerland so far had a magnitude of approximately 6.6 and destroyed large parts of the city of Basel in 1356 . If such an earthquake were to occur in Basel today , several thousand fatalities , tens of thousands of seriously and slightly injured people , and property damage on the order of approximately CHF 140 billion could be expected .
The best protection measures against the effects of an earthquake are an earthquake-resistant building design and securing objects that may topple . 90 percent of the buildings in Switzerland are not built to a seismic code , and it is not clear to what extent they could withstand a strong earthquake . Only few cantons have statutory regulations requiring adherence to construction standards for earthquake-resistant building .
Alert in case of an earthquake
Earthquakes can neither be predicted nor prevented . However , the SED records the ground tremors around the clock . Within approximately 90 seconds details about the time , location , magnitude , and possible effects of an earthquake are displayed on the website www.seismo.ethz.ch . The SED automatically reports any noticeable earthquakes to the authorities and the media . At the same time , this information is transmitted to the SED 's 24-hour on-call service via pager , e-mail , and SMS . This service is also available to the authorities and the media for further information about current earthquakes , and prepares background information that is published on the website . In case of earthquakes that cause major damage worldwide , the SED additionally informs the Swiss Humanitarian Aid Unit ( SHA ) .
Research and teaching
Besides earthquake monitoring and the assessment of seismic hazard , the researchers of the SED are involved in numerous national and international research projects , which are largely financed by third parties . This guarantees the permanent exchange of information across national borders . Fields in which the SED researchers are involved include , for example , glacial and engineering seismology , static seismology , induced seismic activity , as well as the monitoring of landslides and seismotectonics . The main aim of research conducted at the SED is to gain a clearer understanding of earthquakes and their consequences and thereby contribute towards improving the response to such natural hazards , which pose a threat worldwide . At the same time , SED seeks novel ways of using seismological methods to find out more about fundamental processes that shape the Earth . The training of junior researchers also plays an important role for the SED . This is done with lectures and seminars that are integral parts of the teaching program at ETH , as well as through the supervision of master 's and doctoral theses .
Nuclear-test-ban treaty monitoring
In 1996 , the UN countries decided to draft an agreement on the ban of nuclear tests . An international monitoring system was established to control the adherence to this agreement . The SED contributes by supplying the authority in charge in Vienna with data recorded by the seismic station in the Davos region , which was constructed for exactly this purpose . For example , the seismic station already recorded the corresponding ground shaking twelve minutes after the nuclear test in North Korea in 2013 .
See also
Federal Office for the Environment
National Emergency Operations Centre
References
External links
Federal offices of Switzerland
ETH Zurich
Earth science research institutes
Earthquakes
Earthquakes in Switzerland
Research institutes in Switzerland
Ronneburg ( ) is a town in the district of Greiz , in Thuringia , Germany . It is situated 7 km east of Gera .
History
Within the German Empire ( 1871–1918 ) , Ronneburg was part of the Duchy of Saxe-Altenburg .
References
External links
District Greiz
Towns in Thuringia
Greiz ( district )
Duchy of Saxe-Altenburg
Julian Przyboś ( 5 March 1901 – 6 October 1970 ) was a Polish poet , essayist and translator , one of the most important poets of the Kraków Avant-Garde .
Przyboś was born in Gwoźnica near Strzyżów to a peasant family . From 1912 , he attended the Konarski Secondary School in Rzeszów .
Although he was a supporter of socialist ideals , in 1920 he volunteered in the Polish Army during the Polish–Soviet War . In 1920–1923 he studied at the Jagiellonian University in Kraków , in the field of Polish studies . Przyboś worked as a teacher in Sokal ( 1923–1925 ) , Chrzanów ( 1925–1927 ) , and Cieszyn ( 1927–1939 ) . In Cieszyn , he published his works in Zaranie Śląskie ( 'The Dawn of Silesia ' ) ( 1929–1938 ) . He also published in many other magazines before and after World War II .
In December 1939 Przyboś relocated to Lviv . In 1941 was he arrested by Gestapo , the Nazi German secret police . After World War II he became a member of the Polish Workers ' Party , and later of the Polish United Workers ' Party . In 1947–1951 , he worked as a diplomat in Switzerland . Then he was director of the Jagiellonian Library in Kraków . After the Hungarian Revolution of 1956 , Przyboś left the Polish United Workers ' Party .
Works
Śruby ( 1925 )
Oburącz ( 1926 )
Z ponad ( also known as Sponad ) ( 1930 )
W głąb las ( 1932 )
Równanie serca ( 1938 )
Póki my żyjemy ( 1944 )
Miejsce na ziemi ( 1945 )
Czytając Mickiewicza ( 1950 )
Rzut pionowy ( 1952 ) - poetry collection
Najmniej słów . Poezje . Materiały poetyckie . Objaśnienia ( 1955 )
Linia i gwar , vol . 1-2 ( 1956 )
Narzędzie ze światła ( 1958 )
Więcej o manifest ( 1962 )
Sens poetycki ( 1963 )
Na znak ( 1965 )
Kwiat nieznany ( 1968 )
See also
List of Poles
References
Further reading
1901 births
1970 deaths
People from Strzyżów County
People from the Kingdom of Galicia and Lodomeria
Polish Workers ' Party politicians
Polish United Workers ' Party members
Members of the State National Council
Diplomats of the Polish People 's Republic
Polish essayists
Polish male writers
Male essayists
Polish translators
20th-century translators
20th-century Polish poets
20th-century essayists
Jagiellonian University alumni
Polish people of the Polish–Soviet War
Officers of the Order of Polonia Restituta
Recipients of the Order of the Banner of Work
Recipients of the Gold Cross of Merit ( Poland )
Recipients of the State Award Badge ( Poland )
Opisthotropis maxwelli , Maxwell 's mountain keelback , is a species of natricine snake found in China .
References
Opisthotropis
Reptiles described in 1914
Reptiles of China
Taxa named by George Albert Boulenger
Route 49 is a highway in eastern Missouri . Its northern terminus is at Route 19 in Cherryville ; is southern terminus is at U.S. Route 67 five miles ( 8 km ) east of Williamsville .
The highway runs through the eastern part of the Ozarks and passes through two sections of the Mark Twain National Forest and near Johnson Shut-ins State Park and Taum Sauk Mountain . Lesterville and Annapolis , as well as Johnson Shut-ins State Park , were evacuated in 2005 following a reservoir failure at the Taum Sauk pumped storage plant .
Route 49 is one of the original 1922 state highways . It only ran between Glover and Piedmont and was later extended .
Route description
History
Major intersections
References
049
Transportation in Wayne County , Missouri
Transportation in Iron County , Missouri
Transportation in Reynolds County , Missouri
Transportation in Crawford County , Missouri
The 2017–18 Kosovar Cup was the football knockout competition of Kosovo in the 2017–18 season .
First round
The draw for the first round was held on 16 October 2017 .
Results :
Second round
The draw for the second round was held on 16 October 2017 .
Results :
Third round
The draw for the third round was held on 7 November 2017 .
Results :
Fourth round
The draw for the fourth round was held on 8 December 2017 .
Quarter-finals
The draw for the fifth round was held on 16 February 2018 . Drenica will qualify direct to Semi-Final .
Semi-finals
These matches will be played on 4 and 18 April 2018 .
First leg
Second leg
Final
The final of this year 's Kosovo Cup was held on 27 May 2018 .
References
Kosovar Cup seasons
Kosovo
Cup
Annette in Paradise ( ) is a 1934 German-Czech musical film directed by Max Obal and starring Ursula Grabley , Hans Söhnker and Ida Wüst . A separate Czech language version was also released .
The film 's sets were designed by Stepán Kopecký .
Cast
Ursula Grabley as Annette
Hans Söhnker as Hans Siebert
Ida Wüst as Tante Olga
Max Gülstorff as Direktor Bertusch
Oscar Sabo as Papa Stelzke
Jessie Vihrog as Trude
Hans Joachim Schaufuß as Maxe
Singing Babies as Singers
References
Bibliography
External links
1934 musical films
German musical films
1934 films
Czech films
Films of Nazi Germany
1930s German-language films
Films directed by Max Obal
German multilingual films
German black-and-white films
Czechoslovak musical films
Czechoslovak black-and-white films
Czechoslovak multilingual films
1934 multilingual films
1930s German films
Hemosiderinuria ( syn . haemosiderinuria ) is the presence of hemosiderin in urine . It is often the result of chronic intravascular hemolysis , in which hemoglobin is released from red blood cells into the bloodstream in excess of the binding capacity of haptoglobin . The function of haptoglobin is to bind to circulating hemoglobin , thereby reducing renal excretion of hemoglobin and preventing injury to kidney tubules . The excess hemoglobin that is not bound to haptoglobin is filtered by the kidneys and reabsorbed in the proximal convoluted tubule , where the iron portion is removed and stored in ferritin or hemosiderin . The tubule cells of the proximal tubule become damaged , slough off with the hemosiderin and are excreted into the urine , producing a `` brownish '' color . It is usually seen three to four days after the onset of hemolytic conditions .
Hemoglobinuria is another indicator of intravascular hemolysis , but disappears more quickly than hemosiderin , which can remain in the urine for several weeks ; therefore , hemosiderinuria is a better marker for intravascular hemolysis .
References
Red blood cell disorders
The East Bengal Ground is the home stadium of East Bengal and Aryan . The stadium has a capacity of 23,500 people . It is one of the venues for Calcutta Football League .
The stadium lies in the Kolkata Maidan area on the northern side of Fort William and it is near the Eden Gardens . The Esplanade metro station on the North-South Corridor of the Kolkata Metro is also nearby .
History
When East Bengal Club was formed in 1920 , they used to play at the Kumortuli Park Ground in the initial days . In 1921 , East Bengal Club started playing in the Calcutta Football League Second Division . Most of the matches were held at the Calcutta FC Ground .
After the 1923 season , East Bengal Club owners were in the lookout for a club ground of their own where the team can play their matches . According to the existing rule of the maidan , two clubs used to share one common ground . Club 's founders and then vice-presidents , Shri Sureshchandra Choudhury and Raybahadur Taritbhushan Ray came to learn that Mohun Bagan shared its ground with National Association , which by that time had ceased to exist . They referred this discrepancy to the police authorities and subsequently demanded the share for East Bengal . It was then that Police Commissioner Charles Tegart ordered Mohun Bagan to share its ground with East Bengal . This sudden decision enraged the Mohun Bagan officials . However , despite their protests , East Bengal Club got the ground for their own in 1924 , which they co-shared with their arch-rivals Mohun Bagan until 1963 , when finally Mohun Bagan moved out to their own Mohun Bagan Ground . In those days , the goalposts were placed east–west and East Bengal took possession of the half towards the Red Road . Another century-old Kolkata club , Aryan F.C . started sharing the club ground since then .
About
The East Bengal Ground has galleries on three sides . The west side is the member 's gallery with modern facilities like bucket seats and elevators installed . The half of west side is also shared with Aryan F.C . who have their member 's gallery as well , covered in bucket seats which acts as an away gallery for the matches which East Bengal F.C . plays . The east side and north side galleries are still made of a temporary wooden and steel structure and are designated for non-member supporters . The playing pitch is about 100 metres x 60 metres in dimension . Just adjacent the stadium , below the member 's gallery is the club tent and the main office located . In 2014 , the club tent opened its own cafe lounge for the fans , just beside the members ' gallery .
Renovations
First Renovation in 1996
On 12 July 1996 , the new Club Office or `` Tent '' , which is popularly known in Kolkata maidan , was inaugurated by the oldest member of the East Bengal Club . The then club secretary Mr. Dipak `` Poltu '' Das gave the honour to Mr. Shankar Pillai ( popularly known as Shankar Mali ) who was the oldest groundsman and caretaker of the club , to inaugurate the new club tent in the presence of club legends like Ahmed Khan and Byomkesh Bose .
The club ground was renovated and a new office was setup at the place where it is currently situated . The playing field was relaid North to South and the new fans gallery was constructed .
Second Renovation post 2016
In 2016 , renovations were done at the ground with entire playing field being relaid and galleries being renovated with member 's gallery being filled in with Red and Gold bucket seats . Elevators were installed and the commentary box was modernised . The playing turf was relaid and drainage was improved for the ground . East Bengal FC officials informed the AIFF that they wanted to host I-League matches at the club ground after the heavy renovations .
In 2018 , floodlights were installed at the East Bengal Ground . The floodlights would be the biggest among the three Maidan clubs of Kolkata . The first match under floodlights was played in the 2018–19 Calcutta Premier Division when East Bengal faced Tollygunge Agragami in the season opener , which was however abandoned due to heavy rains as the match was tied 1–1 at half time .
Other uses
East Bengal Ground hosted numerous other matches of IFA Shield , Calcutta Football League , and various under-aged league matches . It also hosted a number of matches for the 2019 Durand Cup .
In 1984 , it served as the practice ground for the Argentina football team who came in to play for the 1984 Nehru Cup
Non-sporting events
In 2015 , Bollywood superstar Shah Rukh Khan and Kajol hosted the promotional event for their film Dilwale at the East Bengal Ground . Both were given life-time membership by the club .
On 7 July 2016 , Mexican-American professional wrestler , Alberto Del Rio visited the East Bengal Ground for a promotional event for WWE . He was handed over a red and gold East Bengal jersey with his name printed on it .
On 11 December 2016 , East Bengal Ground hosted the official Manchester United event `` ILOVEUnited '' . Former United legend and club ambassador Dwight Yorke along with former players Quinton Fortune and Bojan Djordjic came in for various events that followed throughout the day . The screening was also organised for the English Premier League game between Manchester United and Tottenham Hotspurs in the event for fans in Kolkata .
On 28 October 2018 , East Bengal Ground hosted the La Liga official screening of the El Clasico for the fans in Kolkata . Former Liverpool and Real Madrid player Steve McManaman came in as the La Liga ambassador for the event .
References
Bibliography
External links
East Bengal Home Ground
East Bengal Club
Football venues in West Bengal
Sports venues in Kolkata
1915 establishments in India
Sports venues completed in 1915
The Herbert Range is a mountain range in the Queen Maud Mountains of Antarctica , extending from the edge of the polar plateau to the Ross Ice Shelf between the Axel Heiberg and Strom glaciers .
Named by the New Zealand Antarctic Place-Names Committee ( NZ-APC ) for Walter W. Herbert , leader of the Southern Party of the New Zealand GSAE ( 1961–62 ) which explored the Axel Heiberg Glacier area .
Features
Geographical features include :
Axel Heiberg Glacier
Bell Peak
Bigend Saddle
Cohen Glacier
Mount Balchen
Mount Betty
Mount Cohen
Sargent Glacier
Strom Glacier
Zigzag Bluff
References
East Antarctica
Queen Maud Mountains
Amundsen Coast
Huang Yi-tang ( ) , better known as Maple , is a Taiwanese professional League of Legends player for Team SoloMid , of the League Championship Series ( LCS ) .
Huang found success domestically and internationally during his time as a member of the Flash Wolves , winning several LMS titles and topping many international events . He has long been considered by many analysts and other professional players as one of the most mechanically skillful players from Taiwan . Huang also played for LPL teams Suning and LNG Esports .
Career
Due to their first-place finish at IEM Taipei , yoe Flash Wolves were invited to compete at the IEM Season IX - World Championship . After a Round 1 loss against SK Gaming , Maple and the team went on to beat Cloud9 in Round 1 of the losers bracket . Round 2 of the losers bracket saw the team 's 2nd meeting of the tournament with SK Gaming . A win against the European team secured the yoe Flash Wolves a place in the bracket stage . They were eventually knocked out of the tournament in the semifinals after losing to Team SoloMid .
With a second and third place LMS finish under their belt , the Flash Wolves had obtained a tie for the most LMS Championship Points behind AHQ , and were invited to the 2015 Taiwan Regional Finals . There , FW avenged their playoff loss by defeating Hong Kong Esports 3-2 and acquiring a spot in the 2015 Season World Championship .
At the World Championship , the FW were expected by many analysts to have one of the weakest showings of any team in attendance . However , after a 4-2 group stage with wins over favorites KOO Tigers and Counter Logic Gaming , the Flash Wolves emerged first from groups , becoming the first team in two years to finish ahead of a Korean team in groups at Worlds . In the tournament quarterfinals , FW lost 1–3 to Origen , earning a top eight finish .
Maple was one of the top players at the 2016 Mid-Season Invitational , in which Flash Wolves eventually finished third/fourth after losing to Counter Logic Gaming in the semi-finals .
Tournament results
Flash Wolves
2015 Intel Extreme Masters Season 9 Taipei — 1st
2015 League of Legends World Championship — 4th–8th
2016 Spring LMS — 1st
2016 Mid-Season Invitational — 3rd–4th
2016 Summer LMS — 1st
2017 Intel Extreme Masters Season11 World Championship Katowice — 1st
2017 Spring LMS — 1st
2017 Summer LMS — 1st
References
External links
Living people
1997 births
Flash Wolves players
Taiwanese esports players
League of Legends mid lane players
Esports players at the 2018 Asian Games
Monona County is a county located in the U.S. state of Iowa . As of the 2020 census , the population was 8,751 . The county seat is Onawa .
History
The area around present-day Onawa was a stopping point in 1804 for Meriwether Lewis and William Clark during their exploration of the newly obtained Louisiana Purchase . Many years later , that site was memorialized as the Lewis and Clark State Park .
Monona County was formed in 1851 . It was perhaps named for an Indian word meaning `` beautiful valley . ''
Monona County was organized officially in the spring of 1854 having been a part of Benton County ( every county west of Benton in a line ) in 1851 and afterwards Harrison County between 1852 and 1854 .
When Ashton ( originally called Bloomfield ) was named the county seat in the fall of 1854 , a log house served as the first courthouse . Ashton remained the county seat for only four years . That designation was moved to Onawa on April 5 , 1858 , and the first Monona County Courthouse was completed that same year .
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 0.7 % ) is water .
Major highways
Interstate 29
Iowa Highway 37
Iowa Highway 141
Iowa Highway 175
Iowa Highway 183
Adjacent counties
Woodbury County ( north )
Crawford County ( east )
Harrison County ( south )
Burt County , Nebraska ( southwest )
Thurston County , Nebraska ( west )
Demographics
2020 census
The 2020 census recorded a population of 8,751 in the county , with a population density of . 96.03 % of the population reported being of one race . 90.33 % were non-Hispanic White , 0.32 % were Black , 2.70 % were Hispanic , 1.67 % were Native American , 0.32 % were Asian , 0.02 % were Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander and 4.64 % were some other race or more than one race . There were 4,373 housing units , of which 3,839 were occupied .
2010 census
The 2010 census recorded a population of 9,243 in the county , with a population density of . There were 4,697 housing units , of which 4,050 were occupied .
2000 census
As of the census of 2000 , there were 10,020 people , 4,211 households , and 2,737 families residing in the county . The population density was 14 people per square mile ( 6/km2 ) . There were 4,660 housing units at an average density of 7 per square mile ( 3/km2 ) . The racial makeup of the county was 98.34 % White , 0.08 % Black or African American , 0.76 % Native American , 0.12 % Asian , 0.04 % Pacific Islander , 0.08 % from other races , and 0.58 % from two or more races . 0.70 % of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race .
There were 4,211 households , out of which 26.70 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 54.50 % were married couples living together , 7.10 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 35.00 % were non-families . 31.00 % of all households were made up of individuals , and 17.50 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older . The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 2.88 .
In the county , the population was spread out , with 23.20 % under the age of 18 , 6.20 % from 18 to 24 , 23.30 % from 25 to 44 , 23.30 % from 45 to 64 , and 23.90 % who were 65 years of age or older . The median age was 43 years . For every 100 females , there were 94.20 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 90.50 males .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 33,235 , and the median income for a family was $ 41,172 . Males had a median income of $ 27,349 versus $ 19,607 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 17,477 . About 6.60 % of families and 9.40 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 8.90 % of those under age 18 and 9.50 % of those age 65 or over .
Communities
Blencoe
Castana
Mapleton
Moorhead
Onawa
Rodney
Soldier
Turin
Ute
Whiting
Unincorporated communities
Ticonic
Townships
Ashton
Belvidere
Center
Cooper
Fairview
Franklin
Grant
Jordan
Kennebec
Lake
Lincoln
Maple
St. Clair
Sherman
Sioux
Soldier
Spring Valley
West Fork
Willow
Population ranking
The population ranking of the following table is based on the 2020 census of Monona County .
† county seat
Politics
For over a century , Monona County was close to a national bellwether . Between 1900 & 2004 , it only failed to back the national winner in 1960 & 1988 . However , this bellwether status no longer applies . Barack Obama failed to carry the county in both of his electoral victories statewide & nationally , while Donald Trump in 2020 earned the highest percentage of any candidate since Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1932 , in spite of his unsuccessful reelection bid .
See also
Monona County Courthouse
National Register of Historic Places listings in Monona County , Iowa
Blackbird Bend
References
External links
Discover Monona County Portal style website , The Communities , Recreation and more
Monona County website
1851 establishments in Iowa
Iowa counties on the Missouri River
Populated places established in 1851
The 1983 Senior PGA Tour was the fourth season since the Senior PGA Tour officially began in 1980 ( it was renamed the Champions Tour in 2003 and PGA Tour Champions in 2016 ) . The season consisted of 16 official money events with purses totalling $ 2,612,000 , including two majors . Don January won the most tournaments , six . The tournament results , leaders , and award winners are listed below .
Tournament results
The following table shows all the official money events for the 1983 season . `` Date '' is the ending date of the tournament . The numbers in parentheses after the winners ' names are the number of wins they had on the tour up to and including that event . Senior majors are shown in bold . Golfers winning on their Senior PGA Tour debut are shown in italics .
Source :
Leaders
Scoring Average leaders
Source :
Money List leaders
Source :
Career Money List leaders
Source :
Awards
See also
Champions Tour awards
Champions Tour records
References
External links
PGA Tour Champions official site
PGA Tour Champions seasons
Senior PGA Tour
For information on all UC Davis sports , see UC Davis Aggies
The UC Davis Aggies softball team represents the University of California , Davis in NCAA Division I college softball . The team participates in the Big West Conference . The Aggies are currently led by head coach Erin Thorpe . The team plays its home games at La Rue Field located on the university 's campus .
Head coaches
Sources :
Year-by-year results
Sources :
Notable players
Conference awards
Big West Pitcher of the Year
Alex Holmes ( 2010 )
Justine Vela ( 2012 )
Brooke Yanez ( 2019 )
Big West Freshman Player of the Year
Kelly Harman ( 2009 )
Elizabeth Santana ( 2010 )
Big West Freshman Pitcher of the Year
Justine Vela ( 2012 )
Brooke Yanez ( 2018 )
Big West Coach of the Year
Karen Yoder ( 2010 )
See also
List of NCAA Division I softball programs
References
External links
Kemper Crabb is an American musician . His style is reminiscent of 'Olde English , ' and his music has been described as 'Celtic , Medieval , intelligent and sacred ' . He has produced over 8 albums , with The Vigil ( 1982 ) selling over one hundred thousand copies on vinyl . He is also an Episcopal priest .
He has been a member of the groups ArkAngel , Atomic Opera , and Caedmon 's Call .
He has been an associated act with The Phlegmatics and a guest musician on In the Company of Angels .
Discography
Look Up - as Redemption ( 1972 )
Warrior - as ArkAngel ( 1980 )
The Vigil - ( 1982 )
Illumination - as RadioHalo ( 1992 )
A Medieval Christmas - ( 1996 )
Live at the Rivendell Cafe - ( 1996 )
Flotsam and Jetsam - ( 2000 )
Live at Cornerstone - ( 2000 )
Downe in Yon Forrest - ( 2009 )
Reliquarium - ( 2010 )
Guest appearances
Be Exalted – John Michael Talbot and friends ( 1986 )
Faith Hope Love – King 's X ( 1990 )
Penguin Dust – Atomic Opera ( 1998 )
Gospel Cola – Atomic Opera ( 2000 )
References
External links
A Medieval Christmas ( Downe in the Heart of Texas )
Musicians from Houston
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Potoczek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Potok Wielki , within Janów Lubelski County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland . It lies approximately south of Potok Wielki , west of Janów Lubelski , and south-west of the regional capital Lublin .
References
Villages in Janów Lubelski County
Kenneth Terence Solomon ( born 8 October 1979 ) is a South African chess grandmaster and FIDE Trainer ( 2005 ) . He took up chess at the age of 13 , inspired by his elder brother 's qualification for the Chess Olympiad in Manila in 1992 . Borrowing a chess book from him to study , Solomon was soon taken under his brother 's wing to study and within two years , he was the South African Under-16 champion .
He has won the South African Championship in 2003 and the South African Open three times , in 1999 , 2005 and 2007 , and was also the top ranked South African in 2003 . He became an International Master in 2004 . During the 40th Chess Olympiad in Istanbul Solomon earned his final GM norm .
Although Solomon has never reached the required rating of 2500 , he earned the Grandmaster title by winning the African Chess Championship in December 2014 , thereby becoming the first chess grandmaster from South Africa . Solomon is the second grandmaster from sub-Saharian Africa after Amon Simutowe of Zambia and the fourth black chess grandmaster in history .
He qualified for the 2017 Chess World Cup where he was defeated by Fabiano Caruana in the first round .
See also
Chess in South Africa
References
External links
Kenny Solomon 's website
Kenny Solomon chess games at 365Chess.com
1979 births
Living people
Chess grandmasters
South African chess players
Chess Olympiad competitors
People from Cape Town
William Burke `` Skeets '' Miller ( April 14 , 1904 – December 29 , 1983 ) was a newspaper and radio reporter .
Early life
According to census documents , William Burke Miller was born in Louisville , Kentucky . He was the son of Charles J . ( an assistant manager at a furniture store ) and Julia Miller . They also had another child , a daughter named Mary . Little is known about Miller 's childhood , although several sources have noted he had originally dreamed of being a professional singer .
Journalism career
Miller first came to prominence somewhat by accident . He was a cub reporter for The Courier-Journal in Louisville , making $ 25 a week ( `` Two Men , '' 33 ) , and his newspaper sent him to cover the story of Floyd Collins , a 37-year-old man who had been trapped in a cave , his leg pinned by a 26-pound rock . As the story unfolded , Miller was able to report from the scene , with support from 20 year old Henry Reese , and even make contact with Collins : Miller was very slight ( five feet five inches tall , 117 lbs . ) , enabling him to squeeze into a part of the cave where he could actually talk to Collins , pray with him , and even bring him food , as rescuers engaged in a frantic effort to get him out . Each day , Miller filed his stories , in the first person ; wire services picked up the story and soon a national audience was waiting and hoping for Collins to be set free . Unfortunately , the rescue proved more difficult than originally expected , and by the time Collins was reached fifteen days later , he was found dead .
Miller 's reporting earned him a Pulitzer Prize on May 4 , 1926 ; his newspaper also gave him a $ 1000 prize . But Miller 's heart was not in journalism . Despite his newfound fame , he left the profession , moved to Winter Haven , Florida , and went into retail , working for an ice cream manufacturer ( `` Prize Reporter , '' 9 ) . His hiatus from journalism was only temporary , however . He was offered a job at the New York Morning World , and moved to New York , along with his sister . But his newspaper career stalled when his new employer did not like his writing and Miller decided to leave journalism and enter broadcasting .
Radio career
Miller was hired by the National Broadcasting Company sometime in 1927 , as the assistant chief press agent , working in the publicity department at the network . By 1930 , he had been promoted , as NBC created a new department , special events programming ; his job was to supervise all current events broadcasts , and also help with special news programs . This meant coordinating all on-location remotes—such as when NBC attempted a broadcast from a submarine in New London , Connecticut , in late 1930 . Miller supervised the team that set up the special microphones and made sure the announcer would be in position to describe this unique event . Throughout the 1930s , whenever an unusual event required staff to be on location , it was often Miller who made sure things went smoothly . By the early 1940s , he was also supervising public service broadcasts . Due to Miller 's creative on-the-spot coverage ( including the first live transmission from a parachute jump ) Robert Ripley designated him `` the bravest man in radio . ''
On September 26 , 1938 , Miller married radio and stage actress Alice Reinheart , but their marriage ended in divorce . In the late 1940s , Miller remarried , to children 's show host and producer Madge Tucker .
Later years
When television came along , Miller was among the many NBC personnel who began to work in both the radio and the television operations . He had already done some work with NBC 's experimental TV station , where by some accounts , he arranged the first televised sports broadcast , a college baseball game between Columbia and Princeton . By 1947 , he had officially joined NBC-TV , as one of the network 's program editors . Miller continued to cover news and special programming for NBC TV and Radio .
In 1954 , he returned to the Mammoth Cave National Park area with a group of 32 people ( journalists , scientists , and explorers ) who were eager to study the famous Crystal Cave that Collins had originally discovered in 1917 . They entered it , and spent an entire week exploring ; Miller told an Associated Press reporter the Crystal Cave , with its `` flower-like formations of gypsum '' was like an `` orchid paradise '' and despite its role in the tragedy of Collins ' death , it was still a place of amazing natural beauty . After Miller retired from NBC , where his final position was as night editor for the network .
He and his wife moved to South Wallingford , Vermont . Miller still did some freelance writing for the local newspaper . He died in Sebastian , Florida , in January 1984 , after a period of failing health ; he was 79 .
References
1904 births
1983 deaths
American male journalists
Writers from Louisville , Kentucky
Pulitzer Prize for Reporting winners
20th-century American non-fiction writers
Louisville Male High School alumni
The Courier-Journal people
Journalists from Kentucky
20th-century American male writers
20th-century American journalists
The 2020 Giro dell'Emilia was the 103rd edition of the Giro dell'Emilia road cycling one-day race . It was held on 18 August 2020 as part of the 2020 UCI Europe Tour and the inaugural UCI ProSeries .
Teams
Twenty-five teams , consisting of eight UCI WorldTeams , eight UCI ProTeams , eight UCI Continental teams , and one national team , participated in the race . Each team entered six riders , except for , , and , which each entered five . 68 of the 147 riders that participated in the race finished .
UCI WorldTeams
UCI Professional Continental Teams
UCI Continental Teams
National Teams
Italy
Results
References
External links
Giro dell'Emilia
Giro dell'Emilia
Giro dell'Emilia
Giro dell'Emilia
KFF A & N ( ) is a women 's football club based in Prizren , Kosovo . The club competes in Kosovo Women 's Football League which is the top tier of women 's football in the country . Their home ground is the Përparim Thaçi Stadium which has a seating capacity of 10,000 .
See also
List of football clubs in Kosovo
References
Football clubs in Kosovo
Women 's football clubs in Kosovo
Association football clubs established in 2017
2017 establishments in Kosovo
Conner Smith ( born September 6 , 2000 ) is an American country music singer . He is signed to Big Machine Records ' Valory label and has charted one single .
Biography
Conner Smith was born and raised in Nashville , Tennessee . His mother , Jennifer Vickery Smith , worked in the country music industry and often interviewed artists , which inspired Smith to start songwriting himself . By age 20 , he began writing songs with Nashville songwriters Ashley Gorley and Zach Crowell .
In late 2021 , Smith released a song called `` I Hate Alabama '' , which went viral on TikTok . This song 's success led to him signing with Big Machine Records ' Valory label . Smith released an extended play for the label titled Did n't Go Too Far in 2022 . The project 's lead single `` Learn from It '' has made the top 40 on Country Airplay . Crowell produced the EP .
Discography
Extended plays
Did n't Go Too Far ( 2022 )
Singles
References
American country singer-songwriters
Big Machine Records artists
Country musicians from Tennessee
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
People from Nashville , Tennessee
The 2003 Dominican Republic earthquake occurred on September 22 at with a moment magnitude of 6.4 and a maximum Mercalli intensity of X ( Extreme ) .
Earthquake
The shock occurred on the northern coast of the Dominican Republic near the town of Luperon , Puerto Plata and north of the city of Santiago de los Caballeros . This earthquake could also be felt in Port-au-Prince , Haiti and western Puerto Rico .
Research indicated that it was one of a series of westward-propagating earthquakes along the boundary between the North American Plate and the Caribbean Plate .
Damage and casualties
The tremor damaged many buildings across the city of Puerto Plata , the city closest to the epicenter , including two schools . There , a wall collapsed caused vehicular traffic and schools were damaged . In Santiago , several schools were damaged and the airport there was temporarily closed , but was made operational again afterwards . Two hospitals there were evacuated but there was no structural damage and the patients were able to go back indoors . In Nagua , schools were damaged in the form of cracks and walls and floors , and a roof of a local hospital collapsed . In the towns of San Cristobal and Cotui , light damage to schools was reported . It caused three fatalities , two of which suffered heart attacks . Dozens were also injured .
See also
Gonâve Microplate
List of earthquakes in 2003
List of earthquakes in the Dominican Republic
List of earthquakes in the Caribbean
Septentrional-Oriente fault zone
References
Sources
External links
Earthquakes in the Dominican Republic
2003 in the Dominican Republic
2003 earthquakes
Alta Jerarquía is the sixth studio album by Puerto Rican singer-songwriter Tito El Bambino , released on November 24 , 2014 by On Fire Music . This album contains more urban songs and collaborations due to requests from the artist by the fans through social networks , who wanted the singer returned to the genre with which he became known . The album included the singles `` A Que No Te Atreves '' ( featuring Chencho ) of the duo Plan B , `` Controlando '' and `` Adicto a Tus Redes '' ( featuring Nicky Jam ) .
Track listing
Reissue
On May 26 , 2015 Alta Jerarquía : Instrumental , a reissue with all instrumentals used in the album , was released only on digital format .
References
2014 albums
Tito El Bambino albums
Heroes in Hell ( ) is a 1974 Italian Macaroni War film written , directed and lensed by Joe D'Amato ( using the pseudonym `` Michael Wotruba '' for the directorial credit ) , produced by Walter Brandi and starring Klaus Kinski , Luciano Rossi and Franco Garofalo .
Plot
A group of American POW 's escape from a vile Nazi prison camp in Germany during World War II . They escape into the countryside , pursued by a squadron of Nazi soldiers assigned to recapture them . The Americans join forces with a group of French freedom fighters , and agree to help them kidnap the high-level German general Kaufmann from his chateau . Using German uniforms captured in combat , the men succeed in capturing the general , but when he puts up a fight they are forced to tranquilize him and physically carry him out of the building . The Nazi platoon catches up with them and a firefight ensues , killing almost everyone on both sides . The last surviving Americans succeed in escaping with their unconscious prisoner .
Cast
Lars Bloch as Capt . Alan Carter
Ettore Manni as Bakara , the drunken doctor
Klaus Kinski as SS-Brigadeführer Kaufmann
Luciano Rossi
George Manes as German Lt .
Carlos Ewing
Rosemarie Lindt as Maria
Lu Kamante as Lt. Duncan
Luis Joyce as Julian 's Sister in Law
Christopher Oakes as Bunny Segar
Stan Simon as Lt. Stain
Dick Foster as German Comandant
Edmondo Tieghi as Pratt
Luigi Antonio Guerra as Julian
Roberto Dell'Acqua as Julian 's Brother
Paul Muller as German Soldier
Attilio Dottesio
Pietro Torrisi as Van co-driver ( uncredited )
Production
D'Amato had directed Kinski earlier in Death Smiles on a Murderer ( 1973 ) and said Kinski `` ( was ) an excellent professional actor . ''
Release and distribution
In Italy , the film received a limited regional release in very few cinemas and only for a short time , premiering on 27 November 1974 . The film was shown on the Italian regional TV station Tele Video TVR on 15 November 1980 .
In August 1985 , the English dub Heroes in Hell was distributed by `` Lightning Video '' as Nr . 7502 for the price of $ 69.95 .
A VHS of the Italian dub was published by `` Shendene & Moizzi '' in 2000 . In July 2007 , Heroes in Hell was released on DVD under the title Hrdinové v pekle by the Czech label `` Řitka video , s.r.o . '' containing both the Czech dub and the Italian dub with forced Czech subtitles . This edition was reissued by Řitka in 2009 and 2012 . Also in 2007 , a DVD of the English dub was released in South Africa by `` Impact Video '' .
Bibliography
References
External links
Heroes in Hell at Variety Distribution
1974 films
1970s Italian-language films
Italian World War II films
Films directed by Joe D'Amato
Macaroni Combat films
Films about the French Resistance
1970s Italian films
Samsara : Death and Rebirth in Cambodia is a 1989 short documentary film about the people of Cambodia rebuilding after being ruled by Pol Pot and being sent to the Killing Fields . The film was directed and produced by Ellen Bruno for her Stanford University master 's thesis .
In 2012 , the film was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being `` culturally , historically or aesthetically significant '' .
Synopsis
Samsara documents how the Cambodian people have suffered and recovered since Pol Pot and the Khmer Rouge took over the country and since the subsequent invasion by Vietnam . The film uses `` prophecies , Buddhist teachings , folklore , and dreams to describe Cambodians ' worldviews '' . As part of documenting the Cambodians ' suffering , the film covers several women 's experiences .
Filmmaker background
Before Samsara , Ellen Bruno worked in international relief in places like Mexico and on the border of Cambodia and Thailand . Her jobs include working as a field coordinator for the International Rescue Committee and as a director of the Cambodian Women 's Project for the American Friends Service Committee . She became interested in filming documentaries due to `` her frustrations with direct service work '' . Samsara was her first film , followed by Satya : A Prayer for the Enemy ( 1993 ) and Sacrifice ( 1998 ) . Bruno formed the production company Bruno Films , which was run with a small staff that changes with each film .
Reception
Samsara premiered at a meeting of the World Forum of Silicon Valley on , 1989 . In June 1990 , Bruno received one of two merit awards from Academy of Motion Pictures Arts and Sciences for documentary achievement in the Academy 's 17th annual student film competition . In the following August , Samsara won first place in the documentary category at the American Film Institute 's 1990 Focus Awards for student films . The documentary was screened at the 1990 Sundance Film Festival and won a Special Jury Recognition award .
American Anthropologist described the documentary , `` While a solid film , Samsara is often distanced from its subject , providing little sense of connection between camera and people or place , as if images are mainly symbols to carry and illustrate the narration . '' The journal commended the film 's production value and camerawork but thought that the film 's context was limited by the filmmaker 's approach and a lack of study of `` closer , more sustained records '' .
The Journal of Asian Studies said Samsara was a `` beautiful film [ that ] conveys a deep sense of sadness '' in how it follows Cambodians who try to survive and rebuild their lives . It said the film with its `` patient pace '' presents individual stories to show how Cambodians are `` living with these lasting scars '' . The journal concluded that the film 's theme was one of possible renewal through the cycle of life : `` The power of the past to haunt is certain , but the film asserts the possibility of compassion and renewal . ''
In 2012 , the National Film Registry selected Samsara : Death and Rebirth in Cambodia for preservation as part of an annual set of 25 films .
References
External links
1989 films
1989 documentary films
American short documentary films
Documentary films about the Cambodian genocide
United States National Film Registry films
1980s short documentary films
1980s American films
Edward Nason West ( 1909–1990 ) was an Episcopal priest and fixture at the Cathedral of St. John the Divine in New York City where he served for many years as canon sacrist and sub dean . He was also a theologian , an author , an internationally known iconographer and an expert in the design of church furnishings . He was the inspiration for Canon Tallis in Madeleine L'Engle 's young adult novels and was Madeleine 's spiritual mentor . He was a graduate of Boston University and the General Theological Seminary of the Episcopal Church . He was an Officer of the Order of the British Empire ; an Officer of the Order of Orange-Nassau ; a Chevalier of the Legion of Honor ; and a Knight Commander of the Royal Order of St. Sava .
Early life and education
West was born in Boston and graduated from Boston University in 1931 . After graduating from the General Theological Seminary he was ordained a deacon in 1934 and was ordained a priest in 1935 .
Career
He served as curate and then rector of Trinity Church in Ossining , New York , from 1934 to 1941 and was then named the Sacrist at the Cathedral of St. John the Divine . He was named Canon Sacrist in 1943 and Sub Dean of the cathedral in 1966 . As Sub Dean , he was responsible for cathedral life when the Dean was absent or , as was often the case , when the position was unfilled . He retired in 1981 as Canon Sacrist .
Authority on Liturgical Art
He was also an authority on liturgical art and designed and painted the iconostasis , or altar screens , of the Serbian Orthodox Cathedral of St. Sava in Manhattan . He also created the official emblem of the worldwide Anglican Communion , designed the coat of arms for the Diocese of Albany , as well as Episcopal rings , stained glass windows , altar frontals , processional crosses and religious vestments .
In 1989 Walker Publishing Company of New York published his book Outward Signs : The Language of Christian Symbolism .
Spiritual influence and Practice
Canon West was a high church Episcopalian attuned to both Anglican and Eastern Orthodox culture and practice . He was a huge fan of writer Fyodor Dostoevsky and was especially fond of , and fashioned his mission akin to the character Father Zossima in the Brother 's Karamazof ( a starets , or Christian guru without high political ranking but the go-to person for advice among the people in his community . )
Role in assisting Jewish refugees in World War II
Canon West assisted with the resettlement of Jewish refugees in World War II . For his services and those of the Cathedral of St. John as a whole , the Cathedral was given two giant menorahs by Adolph Ochs , publisher of the New York Times . These stand today before the Cathedral 's high altar .
Mentor to writer Madeleine L'Engle
Canon West was a spiritual mentor and a literary adviser to writer Madeleine L'Engle . The two had a long and close relationship , always platonic , which carried with it both a formality and informality at the same time . Madeleine became the Cathedral 's librarian and his office was adjacent to his , with a door that went from the library to his office . The two also shared a love of dogs , and together cared for Irish Setters . The two together also served as mentors to many of people who were part of the Cathedral community and otherwise
References
External links
Obituary from The New York Times
Bibliographic directory from Project Canterbury
1909 births
1990 deaths
Recipients of the Order of St. Sava
Boston University alumni
The Hungarian mixed grill or Fatányéros is a traditional Hungarian mixed meat barbecue dish ( or pecsenye in Hungarian ) , originating from Transylvania .
The dish Fatányéros was on the menu since 1900 at the famous restaurant Wampetich ( later Gundel ) in the City Park ( Városliget ) in Budapest , as `` fatányéros—Hungarian mixed grill on wooden platter '' . The dish was served on wooden platter , and contained grilled slices of veal , beef , pork cutlets , and a slice of goose liver and a slice of bacon—grilled or roasted on a spit . As a side dish french fries or thick slices of fried potatoes are served , together with fresh mixed green salad , with a big knife with Hungarian motives stuck in the middle of the steak .
Steaks called pecsenye are part of the traditional Hungarian cuisine and may refer to any kind of pan fried meat : pork , beef , poultry or game . Other Hungarian pecsenye or steaks are for example Cigánypecsenye ( Gypsy roast ) .
These steaks are often served on a wooden platter , like Bakonyi pecsenye , Tordai pecsenye or Erdélyi fatányéros , arranged in a very decorative way with garnishing , fried vegetables and salad .
The dish is popular in Sweden as plankstek ( lit . `` plank-steak '' ) , and was at its height of popularity there in the 1970s . In Sweden , it is commonly served with duchess potatoes , vegetables , and Béarnaise sauce .
The Swedish book Maträtternas historia , rewarded best book in culinary history 2020 of Gourmand Awards , has a different theory of the origin of the Plankstek . In the food culture of Native Americans , they used to cook fish and sometimes meat on a cherrybrick over open fire . The first time the course appears in New York in Charles Ranhofer cookbook The Epicurean from 1893 .
See also
References
Hungarian cuisine
Meat dishes
Romani cuisine
The River Nanny , also called the Nanny Water , is a river that flows from Kentstown into the Irish Sea at Laytown . The river is known for its trout fishing , and its estuary on the Irish sea provides a haven for wintering birds .
Course and geology
The extensive tablelands between the Boyne and the Nanny valleys form the Nanny watershed . The source lies upstream Navan , near Brannantowns ; some authorities describe the source as south of Navan , and it flows to Kentstown . It crosses under the N2 near Balrath , and continues more or less parallel to the L1670 . It has one significant tributary , the River Hurley , which joins it at Boolies Little . From there the Nanny flows east-north-east , gaining in water at the moors between Annesbrook and Duleek . From there it flows east , breaking into two streams between Gaffney and Beaumont , where it unites again , running adjacent briefly to the R150 , and then flows east , crossing under the M1 , traveling through Dardistown Cross , past Rockbellew , and runs parallel to the Duleek Road near Julianstown . After Julianstown , the river widens appreciably , to the estuary south of Laytown .
There are also mounds of gravel near the Nanny source , a ridge of gravel about two miles long , compounded with limestone pebbles and stratified sandy layers .
From Julianstown , the side of the Nanny is marked by gray , thick-bedded crystalline limestone , freely exposed , and dipping northwards at 15 degrees . Limestone cliffs are also exposed along the river at Rock Bellew , although these are blueish gray in color . The river bends near Dardistown bridge , again at St. Columbkille 's Well , and a quarter of a mile north of the well , exposing evenly bedded limestone similar to those exposed at Rock Bellew .
Historical events
According to legend , in 848 , Cineadh , lord of Cianachta-Breagh , allied with the Norsemen and rebelled against Malachy and plundered the churches and territories of the Hy-Niall from the River Shannon to the sea ; a year later , the people of Malachy drown him in the Nanny ( then known as the Ainge ) , which flowed through his patrimony .
During the Irish Rebellion of 1641 the Battle of Julianstown was fought at the Nanny Water crossing at Julianstown during which an English Royalist relief force from Dublin on its way to break the first siege of Drogheda was soundly defeated by Irish rebels .
During the Williamite Wars , after the Battle of the Boyne , the Jacobite army retreated from the field and headed for the bridge at Duleek , to cross the Nanny .
Flora and fauna
Fishing
According to legend , Saint Patrick had cursed several of the rivers in Meath , including the Nanny , for their deficit of fish . The river abounds with wild trout , however , and is stocked with brown trout , which accounts for more than half of the annual catch . The peak time for trout is March to May , and there is a fly fishing only stretch near Bellewstown . Sea trout also make their way up from the estuary .
Estuary
The estuary stretches to and is an important site for wintering wading birds and is protected under the European Union Birds Directive . The formation itself is narrow and sheltered , providing an excellent habitat for waterbirds . Golden plovers , oystercatchers , ringed plovers and sanderlings shelter there over the winter . Other resident waterbirds include brent geese , bar-tailed godwits , great black-backed gulls , common gulls , Eurasian curlews , dunlins and great cormorants . The estuary channel is impacted by muddy sediment . It includes both salt and freshwater marsh , and some wet grassland areas . The salt marsh is most pronounced in the eastern side of the channel . Sea plantain , sea aster , red fescue , and sea purslane grow there . Deeper into the estuary , the marsh habitats support bulrush and yellow flag . The shore line , approximately at low tide mark , includes beach and intertidal habitats .
References
See also
River Boyne
Nanny
Prof. Dr. Mathew Chandrankunnel CMI ( born 26 April 1958 ) is a professor of philosophy of science at Dharmaram Vidya Kshetram and Christ University , both in Bangalore , India .
He is the author of several books including `` Philosophy of Quantum mechanics '' and `` Ascent to Truth : The Physics , philosophy and Religion of Galileo Galilei '' .
He is a scientist , philosopher and theologian .
Birth and Education
Prof. Dr. Mathew Chandrankunnel CMI was born on 26 April 1958 .
He was ordained a priest in the Syro-Malabar Catholic Church on 5 May 1987 , and is in the Carmelites of Mary Immaculate Congregation , Province of Kottayam .
He went to Telangana in Andhra Pradesh in the early 1990s , living with the Naxalites and trying to understand their movement .
Chandrankunnel studied physics and philosophy in several Indian universities .
In 1998 he earned a PhD in Philosophy of Science from the University of Leuven in Belgium .
He worked under Aage Bohr , Carl Friedrich von Weizsäcker and Ilya Prigogine in developing his thesis , which compared the interpretations of Niels Bohr and of David Bohm .
He did post-doctoral research at the Harvard–Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics , and lectured at the State University of New York .
In July 2000 he won the Science and Religion Course Award from the Centre for Theology and Natural Sciences in Berkeley , California for his contribution : `` Search for Unity and Interconnectedness : Meeting Point between Science and Religion '' .
Later career
Chandrankunnel is a founder of the Bangalore Forum for Science and Religion .
He was a founding member in 2001 of the Bangalore Initiative for Religious Dialogue , which attempts to defuse tensions between religious communities such as Hindus , Christians and Muslims .
He was the Indian co-ordinator for the Science-Religion Summit in Bangalore in 2003 .
He organised the conference `` Merging Boundaries : Mysticism , Science and Religion '' , inaugurated by Sri Ravi Shankar .
He has worked as science editor of Deepika daily newspaper and as its Chennai and Bangalore correspondent .
A group of Indian Christians issued a letter on 1 January 2007 to various world leaders entitled A Campaign Declaration : Bangalore Initiative for Religious Dialogue ( BIRD ) .
Chandrankunnel was one of the signatories .
The group asserted that the 1977 ruling by India 's Supreme Court that a citizen had the right to `` profess , practice and propagate '' ones religion does not include the right to convert another .
The group called for a change to Article 18 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights to prohibit conversion through material incentives , coercion , threats or intimidation .
However , the BIRD members affirmed the Great Commission that `` unequivocally calls us to witness to Christ in a pluralistic setting '' .
Chandrankunnel was visiting professor at the University of Leuven , Faculty of Philosophy in April–May 2010 .
He lectured on the Physics , Philosophy and Religion of Galileo .
In June 2011 he addressed a seminar on `` Nation building and minority welfare '' , saying every citizen had a duty to bring the marginalised towards mainstream society .
As of 2012 Chandrankunnel was an associate director of Geothirbhavan – Georgian CMI Centre for Counselling , Training and Transformation .
He was also Director-Coordination of the Chaavara Cancer Research Institute .
He was a member of the Association of Christian Philosophers of India .
As of 2016 Chandrankunnel was leading annual programs for visiting students from Europe and North America on `` Religions in Contemporary India '' .
In these one-month programs the students meet representative of different religions and visit Hindu , Buddhist . Sikh , Jain , Muslim and Christian centres .
On 16 December 2016 , Prof. Mathew Chandrankunnel CMI took charge as the Director of Ecumenical Christian Centre and now taking new initiatives to transform and make ECC a centre of excellence , compassion and human unity by connecting it with international centres , bringing international figures to ECC and organizing international conferences along with local , national and Asian level initiatives . He is the first Catholic priest to act as the head of the centre .
Bibliography
( Contributor )
References
Living people
1958 births
Philosophers of science
21st-century Indian philosophers
Fug or FUG may refer to :
D-442 FÚG , a Hungarian armoured car
Fuyang Xiguan Airport , China
Gaúcho United Front ( Portuguese : ) , a defunct political party of Brazil
Fug , a minced oath in Norman Mailer 's novel The Naked and the Dead
( FuG ) , Luftwaffe radio equipment ( Funkgerät ) of World War II
People with the surname
François Fug ( born 1931 ) , Luxembourgian former sports shooter
See also
The Fugs , an American band
Magnolia Circuit was a street circuit set up on the motorway near the city of Szczecin , Poland . It operated from 1968 to 1976 .
Description
The circuit was a street circuit set up on the motorway near the city of Szczecin , Poland . Its surface consisted of parts made with asphalt , concrete , and basalt paving . Its total length was . It had 8 turns in total , 5 of which were in right and 3 in left . The longest straight part of the track had the length of .
History
From 1968 to 1970 , the circuit hosted the races of the Cup of Peace and Friendship . In 1968 , the track hosted the race of the Polish Formula Three . From 1973 to 1976 , it hosted the races of the Polish Auto Racing Championship tournament . The first elimination round of the Polish Auto Racing Championship , which took place between 22 and 23 May 1976 had been the last sports event to take place at the circuit . It had been attended by 10 000 people .
Race winners
Cup of Peace and Friendship
1968 : Miroslav Fousek
1969 : Vladislav Ondřejík
1970 : Vladimír Hubáček
Polish Formula Three
1968 : Miroslav Fousek
Notes
References
Sports venues completed in 1969
Motorsport venues in Poland
Sports venues in West Pomeranian Voivodeship
Sport in Szczecin
Defunct motorsport venues
1969 establishments in Poland
1976 disestablishments in Poland
The Rev James Cartmell , D.D . ( 13 November 1810– 23 January 1887 ) was Master of Christ 's College , Cambridge from 1849 to 1881 .
He went to Carlisle Grammar School , after which he spent the rest of his life at Christ 's . He was successively undergraduate , fellow and tutor before his long mastership . While at Cambridge he was Worshipful Master of Isaac Newton University Lodge .
References
1810 births
1881 deaths
People educated at Carlisle Grammar School
Fellows of Christ 's College , Cambridge
Masters of Christ 's College , Cambridge
Vice-Chancellors of the University of Cambridge
British Freemasons
Members of Isaac Newton University Lodge
Andrea dell'Asta ( c. 1673–1721 ) was an Italian painter of the late-baroque period .
Biography
Born in Bagnoli Irpino , he died in Naples . He trained with Francesco Solimena , and worked for a time in Rome , carefully studied the works of Raffaello Sanzio and Domenichino . His name has myriad spellings , the painter himself used Aste but other have used d'Asti , D'Asti , Dell'Asti , etc . Much of his work in Naples was destroyed by World War II . He painted a Nativity and Epiphany for the church of the Santa Teresa degli Scalzi in Naples . He also painted an Annunciation for Santa Maria dell'Avocata and a Madonna of sorrows for San Giovanni Battista delle Monache . The National Museum of Abruzzo ( L'Aquila ) owns some of his paintings . He died in Naples .
Among his pupils was Matteo Siscara .
References
Towards the Rediscovery of Andrea dell'Aste , Robert Enggass . The Burlington Magazine ( 1961 ) . pages 304+306-312 .
1673 births
1721 deaths
17th-century Italian painters
Italian male painters
18th-century Italian painters
Italian Baroque painters
Painters from Naples
BLX may refer to :
Bloxwich railway station ( National Rail station code BLX )
Belluno Airport ( IATA code BLX )
TUIfly Nordic airline ( ICAO code BLX )
Banco Latinoamericano de Comercio Exterior ( )
Zangiabad ( , also Romanized as Zangīābād ) is a village in Estabraq Rural District , in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County , Kerman Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 91 , in 23 families .
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Presidential elections were held in the Maldives on 23 September 1988 . Maumoon Abdul Gayoom was the sole candidate nominated by Parliament . His candidacy was approved by 96.4 % of voters .
Results
References
Maldives
1988 in the Maldives
Presidential elections in the Maldives
Single-candidate elections
September 1988 events in Asia
Grayce Hampton ( 28 March 1876 – 20 December 1963 ) was a British film and stage actress . Her name was often seen as Grace Hampton .
Hampton studied at a convent in Brussels , and a teacher there introduced her to Augustus Harris , who arranged for her to perform in one of his productions . After that , she acted in other Harris productions at the Drury Lane Theater in London .
Hampton emigrated to the United States with Henry Irving 's production of Robespierre . She found work on Broadway and then in Hollywood as a film actress in generally character roles such as the 1932 comedy The Unexpected Father .
Broadway plays in which Hampton appeared included Suspect ( 1940 ) , Point Valaine ( 1935 ) , Her Majesty the Widow ( 1934 ) , Gentlemen Prefer Blondes ( 1926 ) , Easy Virtue ( 1925 ) , Antony and Cleopatra ( 1924 ) , Pelleas and Melisande ( 1923 ) , Romeo and Juliet ( 1923 ) , Malvaloca ( 1922 ) , and Fall and Rise of Susan Lenox ( 1920 ) .
Hampton performed in vaudeville with Otis Skinner .
Hampton was married to English comedian Charles Dodsworth .
Selected filmography
The Pursuing Vengeance ( 1916 )
The Bat Whispers ( 1930 )
Broadminded ( 1931 )
His Temporary Affair ( 1931 )
Ex-Bad Boy ( 1931 )
The Unexpected Father ( 1932 )
Almost Married ( 1932 )
Piccadilly Jim ( 1936 )
The Shanghai Gesture ( 1941 )
Nothing but Trouble ( 1944 )
Three Sisters of the Moors ( 1944 )
The Mating Season ( 1951 )
References
External links
1876 births
1963 deaths
20th-century British actresses
20th-century English people
20th-century English women
Actresses from Devon
British emigrants to the United States
British film actresses
British stage actresses
Vaudeville performers
Văratic is a village in Ialoveni District , Moldova .
References
Villages of Ialoveni District
Mutiat Yewande Isola , professionally known as Wande , is a Nigerian American Christian hip hop artist , actress and former journalist and A & R administrator from Austin , Texas , United States . She signed to the Christian hip hop label Reach Records in 2019 , where she had worked as an A & R administrator . Prior to that , as an independent artist , from 2013 through 2018 she released multiple singles and made numerous featured appearances on various songs , as well as worked as a music journalist . She is the first woman signed to Reach . Her debut extended play ( EP ) , Exit , was released on April 24 , 2020 , followed by a mini-EP The Decision on December 4 , 2020 .
Biography
Early life
Wande was born in Nigeria but raised in Round Rock and then Austin , Texas , United States . In addition to English , she is fluent in Yoruba . Most of her family was Muslim , except for her mother , who was Christian . At first she was not allowed to go to church , and then started having to get up at 5 A.M. to read the Bible and go with her mother to work so that she could get picked up to go to church . Wande said in April 2020 that she used to joke `` that I 'd go to Mosque and church '' . Her curiosity about God led her to search on the internet for Christian rap , and the first result to come up was the 2006 song `` Prayin ' for You '' by Lecrae . In sixth grade , she started playing the flute and studied music through junior high school . She converted to Christianity in seventh grade while interning at a camp in 2009 in Columbus , Texas , a decision for which she encountered opposition from within her family . While at the camp , she also saw a performance by the Christian hip hop collective 116 Cliques , which at that time consisted of Lecrae , Trip Lee , Tedashii , and Sho Baraka .
Early career
Despite this initial interest in music , Wande wanted to be a doctor , and enrolled in a health and science program in junior high school . She became interested in rapping after a biology teacher allowed her to compose a rap about cellular transport instead of writing an essay or making a presentation . Despite this , she initially continued in studying health and sciences , even acquiring a license to be a nurse 's aid . According to Wande , she had `` an internal struggle with the whole rap thing . Africans do n't really mess with creative careers . You either become a doctor or a lawyer . '' However , she decided to switch majors and went into journalism and public relations at University of Texas at Austin . As a journalist , she anticipated that she could get access to artists , attend concerts , and conduct interviews . She soon started writing for the Christian hip hop website Rapzilla , and started assisting the Christian hip hop record label RMG . She rapped at campus events as a form of Christian ministry . She was a member of the Alpha Kappa Alpha and Sigma Phi Lambda sororities , the National Association of Black Journalists , IGotSole Dance Company , and the Texas Orange Jackets . Her first released record was a feature on the song `` B.I.G . '' by D-Flow on their 2013 album Quarter to Vinci . She released her first single , `` No Flex '' featuring ikilledmarlon , in May 2016 . She performed at South by Southwest in 2016 , 2017 , and 2018 . She did some A & R work for Ace Harris , and 2017 , while still pursuing her university education , she began an internship at Reach Records . Shortly before her graduation in 2018 she was hired as an administrator for the label 's A & R .
Signing with Reach Records
The following year she was signed as a recording artist to Reach , and she released her debut single on the label , `` Blessed Up '' , in April . The single would be listed the next year on Michelle Obama 's playlist . Wande is the first woman signed to the label . She has expressed a hope that her signing will make it easier for other women rappers to pursue a career in the highly male-dominated Christian hip hop genre . `` I think it 'll show other labels that you should n't be afraid to sign females . I hear a lot of excuses like , 'Oh it 's expensive ' or 'Oh , we do n't know how the market will react to a woman . ' 'Will they buy her music ? ' Obviously , a lot of Christian companies do n't have the money to just casually experiment with a Christian artist because you have to make sure they are profitable . So a lot of women get the short end of the stick because they do n't want to gamble on a woman . '' She said that it initially took awhile for her music to be released because of resistance that she encountered in the music industry because her abilities were undervalued on account of her being a woman . For example , she recounts that `` I would fly somewhere , write a whole album , and would ask for the beat and the person would n't send the song . I learned a lot about how people value you . ''
On March 30 , 2020 , Wande announced her forthcoming extended play , Exit , and the single `` Happy '' was released April 3 , 2020 . `` Be the Light '' , featuring Evan and Eris , followed as a single on April 17 , 2020 . Exit was released on April 24 , 2020 . Wande also has released music has part of 116 ( formerly 116 Clique ) . She said in an April 2020 interview that her father and her have made peace over her conversion and her decision to pursue a hip-hop music career . On December 4 , 2020 , she released a three-song mini-EP entitled The Decision .
Discography
Albums
EPs
Singles
As primary artist
As featured artist
Other appearances
Music videos
As lead artist
As featured artist
Filmography
References
Notes
Citations
Rappers from Austin
Nigerian women rappers
Nigerian emigrants to the United States
American women rappers
Reach Records artists
A & R people
American people of Yoruba descent
University of Texas at Austin alumni
1996 births
Living people
Yoruba musicians
Alpha Kappa Alpha members
Rappers from Round Rock
Sigma Phi Lambda
21st-century American women musicians
Abu Muhammad ibn al-Hasan ibn Ibrahim ibn Zulaq al-Laythi ( c. 919–996 ) , commonly known as Ibn Zulaq ( or Ibn Zawlaq ) , was an Egyptian historian , whose work focuses on the local history of Egypt during the Ikhshidid dynasty and the early years of the Fatimid Caliphate there .
Ibn Zulaq was born in 918/9 in Egypt and died there in 996/7 . Most of his work does not survive directly , but was extensively used and quoted by later historians such as Ibn Sa'id al-Maghribi ( 13th century ) , al-Maqrizi ( 15th century ) , and Ibn Hajar al-Asqalani ( 16th century ) .
His works included a history of the governors and judges of Egypt , which continued the similar work of the 9th-century polymath al-Kindi ; a history of the al-Madhara ' i family of viziers ; and books on the founder of the Ikhshidid dynasty , Muhammad ibn Tughj al-Ikhshid and the Ikhshidid strongman Abu ' l-Misk Kafur .
His biography of al-Ikhshid in particular is stated to have been written at the request of his son Abu ' l-Hasan Ali ibn al-Ikhshid ( ) at the beginning of his reign . Along with the numerous details that indicate inside knowledge , this shows that Ibn Zulaq was closely associated with the ruling circles of Egypt at the time . Ali richly rewarded Ibn Zulaq for his work , and it appears that he earned further commissions by other high-ranking members of the Ikhshidid elites for writing panegyrics for them .
Following the Fatimid conquest of Egypt in 969 , like many reading figures of the Ikhshidid regime , Ibn Zulaq readily accommodated himself to the new regime , and retained his access to the circles of power , from the Caliph al-Mu'izz li-Din Allah ( ) to the vizier Ibn Killis . This allowed him to compose histories of al-Mu'izz , and possibly his successor al-Aziz Billah ( ) as well . A biography of the general Jawhar , who led the conquest , is quoted in later Isma'ili sources . Wladimir Ivanow considered that it was likely a part of his work on al-Mu'izz . Another work , comparing Egypt and Iraq , was likely commissioned by the Fatimids as a deliberate propaganda piece . According to the historian Yaacov Lev , it was aimed not only at `` extolling Egypt , their new possession '' , but also `` simultaneously belittling the importance of Iraq '' , seat of the rival Abbasid Caliphate and its Buyid overlords . His History of Egypt ( Tārīkh Miṣr ) was continued after his death , first by his son Abu ' l-Husayn , and then by his grandson Abu ' l-Husayn .
As an eyewitness with access to the ruling circles , Ibn Zulaq is the `` most authoritative source '' ( Lev ) on the Ikhshidids , the Fatimid conquest of Egypt and the early period of Fatimid rule there , but this very proximity to the same circles who sponsored his work , opens its veracity to doubt . Nevertheless , almost no other contemporary work survives that might be used to check his work against , and while the accounts of the 14th-century historians Baybars al-Mansuri and al-Nuwayri corroborate some of his information , it is unclear whether they too have not used Ibn Zulaq as a source .
References
Sources
910s births
996 deaths
10th-century Egyptian historians
10th-century Fatimid historians
People of the Ikhshidid dynasty
The second season of the television comedy series Mike & Molly began airing on September 26 , 2011 on CBS in the United States . The season was produced by Chuck Lorre Productions and Warner Bros. Television , with series creator Mark Roberts serving as executive producer along with Chuck Lorre , James Burrows and Don Foster .
The series focuses on the title characters Mike Biggs ( Billy Gardell ) and Molly Flynn ( Melissa McCarthy ) , a couple who meet at an Overeaters Anonymous meeting in Chicago , Illinois . After Molly , a primary-school teacher , invites police officer Mike to give a talk to her class , they begin dating . Molly lives at home with her mother Joyce ( Swoosie Kurtz ) , and sister Victoria ( Katy Mixon ) . Joyce is in an on-off relationship with widower Vince Moranto ( Louis Mustillo ) , who is often seen at the house . Mike lives alone in an apartment but is regularly kept company by his best friend and partner in the police force Carl McMillan ( Reno Wilson ) . Other prominent characters in the series include Carl 's grandmother Rosetta ( Cleo King ) , Mike 's mother Peggy ( Rondi Reed ) and cafe worker Samuel ( Nyambi Nyambi ) . Holly Robinson Peete has a recurring guest role in Season 2 as Carl 's love interest . Season two of Mike & Molly was broadcast in the United States on Mondays at 9:30 pm .
On August 21 , 2012 Warner Home Video released a three-disc set of the second season on DVD , which included every episode , a featurette , bloopers , and interviews with the cast .
Cast
Main
Billy Gardell as Mike Biggs ( 23 episodes )
Melissa McCarthy as Molly Flynn ( 23 episodes )
Reno Wilson as Carl McMillan ( 23 episodes )
Katy Mixon as Victoria Flynn ( 23 episodes )
Nyambi Nyambi as Samuel ( 23 episodes )
Rondi Reed as Peggy Biggs ( 13 episodes )
Cleo King as Rosetta McMillan , `` Nana '' ( 8 episodes )
Louis Mustillo as Vince Moranto ( 18 episodes )
Swoosie Kurtz as Joyce Flynn ( 23 episodes )
Recurring and guest appearances
Holly Robinson Peete as Christina
David Anthony Higgins as Harry
Reginald VelJohnson as Brother Heywood
Francis Guinan as Jack Biggs
William Sanderson as Dennis
Steve Hytner as Principal Gilmartin
Laura Coover as Rebecca
Cheryl Hawker as Lynette
Marianne Muellerleile as Connie
Brendan Patrick Connor as George
Howard Hesseman as Otis
Josh Dean as Father Justin
Lamont Thompson as Andre
June Squibb as Francine
Dave `` Gruber '' Allen as Tom
Mark Roberts as Homeless Guy
Episodes
Ratings
References
External links
Episode recaps at CBS.com
List of Mike & Molly Season 2 episodes at Internet Movie Database
2011 American television seasons
2012 American television seasons
Mike & Molly
Television episodes directed by James Burrows
Tajanak ( ) may refer to :
Tajanak , Amol
Tajanak , Babol
Tajanak-e Olya , Sari County
Tajanak-e Sofla , Sari County
Fianna Tribebook is a supplement published by White Wolf Publishing in 1994 for the horror role-playing game Werewolf : The Apocalypse .
Description
Fianna Tribebook details the Fianna , one of the tribes of werewolves found in Werewolf : The Apocalypse . The Fianna are a Celtic fey tribe ; the book covers information a player would need to know in order to design a character , including tribal history , character templates and new character abilities . This book was the fourth in the series of books describing each of the twelve tribes .
Publication history
First edition ( 1994 )
The first edition is a 72-page softcover book designed by Harry Heckel , with John Bridges and Fallon Doherty , with artwork by Tony DiTerlizzi , Richard Kane , Brian LeBlanc , and Joshua Gabriel Timbrook , and cover art by Aileen Miles . The text is preceded by a graphic short story written by Harry Heckel , with art by Brian LeBlanc .
Reprint ( 1998 )
In 1998 , White Wolf reprinted all of the tribal books as a collection of four books titled Litany of the Tribes . The Fianna appeared in the second book , along with Get of Fenris and Glass Walkers .
Revised edition ( 2002 )
A revised and expanded 104-page edition was published in 2002 , designed by Forrest Marchinton , Cynthia Summers , and Adam Tinworth , with artwork by Jeremy Jarvis , Matthew Mitchell , Steve Presceott , Jeff Rebner , and Sherilyn Van Valkenburgh .
Reception
In the June 1995 edition of Dragon ( Issue # 218 ) , Rick Swan reviewed the first edition of this book , and thought the Fianna tribe as portrayed in the book to be `` among the most intriguing . '' However , Swan was disappointed by the lack of `` culture '' in the book . `` Where 's the music ? '' he asked . `` Where 's the details about their oral traditions and compositional styles ? '' He also thought some of the writing was `` awkward . '' But he concluded , `` Still , designer Harry Heckel keeps the energy level of the text so intense , I half expected the book to jump out of the my lap and chase the cat around the room . ''
Other reviews
Envoyer # 10 ( Aug 1997 )
Envoyer Issue 67 ( May 2002 , p.6 , in French )
References
Role-playing game books
Werewolf : The Apocalypse
The Young Companion , known as Liángyǒu ( ) in Chinese , was a pictorial with captions in both Chinese and English , published in Shanghai beginning February 1926 . Although the direct translation of Liangyou is `` Good Companion '' , the magazine bore the English name The Young Companion on the cover . Called an `` iconic magazine '' and `` a visual shortcut for 'old Shanghai ' '' , the magazine has proven useful in modern times to examine the glamorous side of colonial-era Shanghai . It may have been the most influential large-scale comprehensive pictorial in the 1920s , at least in Asia . It ceased publication in 1945 . There were 174 issues in total , which includes the two special issues not given monthly issue numbers , the Sun Yat-sen Memorial Special Issue and the Eighth Anniversary issue . Since 1945 , it has been repeatedly reestablished , but the impact has not been the same .
The magazine ran a mixture of content , including photography , art , literature and sports .
History
In 1925 Wu Liande founded the Liangyou Book Company . A year later the Liangyou pictorial magazine was produced , also known as The Young Companion , which was one among `` a variety of pictorials '' that the Liangyou Book Company produced . Wu Liande acted as the magazine 's first editor-in-chief , but was unable to fully administer the post because of his need to attend to the larger business . After the 4th issue , he entrusted the editing to Zhou Shoujuan . Zhou did not stay long and left to study at Qilu University .
In March 1927 Liang Desuo took over editing of The Young Companion as its third editor-in-chief . Within two years , the monthly pictorial sales reached more than 30,000 copies , selling globally . Liang Desuo stayed for six years as the chief editor before leaving The Young Companion in July 1933 being replaced by Ma Guoliang .
In March 1930 , it was changed to photogravure printing , and the quality was greatly improved . In August of this year , the 50th edition was increased to 42 pages with 3 pages of multicolored pages .
January to March 1938 , he relocated to Hong Kong due to the outbreak of the Anti-Japanese War . The magazine was suspended in Hong Kong during bankruptcy of the parent Liangyou Book Company , after a run of 138 issues . The new company that owned the magazine was the Liangyou Fuxing Book Company , who restarted The Young Companion in February 1939 in Shanghai under editor-in-chief Zhang Yuanheng ( 張沅恒 ) . It ran until December 1941 , when the 171st issue was published .
The war interfered with further publishing . Even though the Japanese had taken over the parent company Liangyou Fuxing Book Company , and Chinese owners cooperating reopened the company in April 1942 , The Young Companion '' 's editor Zhang Yuanheng would not work with them . After the war in October 1945 , he published the next and final ( 172nd ) under the name Liangyou Picture Magazine '' . The Liangyou Fuxing Book Company was closed after the war `` in 1946 , due to the guilt of shareholders . ''
Hong Kong Revival
In 1954 Wu Liande restarted his company in Hong Kong , and `` re-released the overseas version of `` Liangyou , '' ceasing publication in 1968 . In 1984 , Wu Fude , son of Wu Liande restarted the Liangyou Book Company , including the `` Liangyou '' pictorial . However , the magazine did not become as influential as its previous incarnation in Shanghai .
Gallery
The modern girl 's dilemma , being pretty versus being active
The magazine was known for its cover-girls , beautiful women who appeared to be active , `` modern girls in motion . '' The motion was really performed by the girls inside the magazine playing sports , while the cover-girls presented modern women , attractive to men in their non-traditional western clothes and implied activities .
The women were modern girls , appearing to not be dressed up looking for men , but living their lives and doing what they enjoyed doing . The modern girls of Shanghai appeared in the city 's artwork , including magazines such as The Young Companion and Ling Long , but also in the advertisements of the city and calendars . They were shown as actively living their lives , `` driving motorcycles , swimming , horse riding , horse racing , rowing competitions , and participating in social assistance . '' The term modern girl normally applies to Japanese women of the time , but `` the image of modern Chinese women became incorporated into that of the 'Modern Girl ' in Japan . '' Guan Zilan , Liangyou-cover-girl for issue 45 , who was a Chinese student and artist who went to Japan to study , was labeled modern girl in this fashion .
Modern scholar Maura Elizabeth Cunningham points out that in spite of the idea of the independence of the modern girl circulating in the period , the magazine showed women how women 's sports could be used to satisfy the male gaze and give examples of a `` model of femininity for female viewers to reproduce . '' She also pointed out that the magazine showed progress , with pictures inside the magazine not only showing beauty , but also women actively doing sports , something unimaginable a generation earlier .
References
External links
Peter Lau remembers his former mentor , Wu Luen Tak , the founder of The Young Companion pictorial .
Various aspects of the modern girl in Liangyou discussed .
Page with photos and story about Liangyou 's photographers on a China-wide photo expedition .
Encyclopedia Baike article
Chinese-language magazines
Defunct magazines published in China
Magazines established in 1926
Magazines disestablished in 1945
Magazines published in Shanghai
Weekly magazines published in China
A cycle button or toggle button is a graphical control element that allows the user to choose one from a predefined set of options . It is used as a button , the content of which changes with each click and cycles between two or more values ; the currently displayed value is the user 's choice .
A cycle button 's advantage over radio buttons or a list box is that it takes less screen space ; its advantage over a drop-down list is that a single mouse click is enough to switch between the two options . The disadvantage is if the button has many options , many clicks are needed to switch to the desired one . This is why some GUI environments have the ability to display the same element as a cycle button or a drop-down list , depending on the number of options .
References
Graphical control elements
This is a list of parliaments of the United Kingdom , tabulated with the elections to the House of Commons and the list of members of the House .
The parliaments are numbered from the formation of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland . For previous Westminster parliaments , see the list of parliaments of Great Britain and list of parliaments of England . For pre-Union Dublin parliaments , see the list of parliaments of Ireland . For pre-1707 Scottish parliaments , see the list of parliaments of Scotland .
List of parliaments
The parties listed are those that won the election . During the nineteenth century , the party of government sometimes changed between general elections .
Notes
The term Prime Minister was not officially recognised until Campbell-Bannerman , although the title had been in common use , often as an insult , since 1721 .
See also
Duration of English parliaments before 1660
Duration of English , British and United Kingdom parliaments from 1660
List of parliaments of England
List of parliaments of Scotland
List of parliaments of Great Britain
List of British governments
Political history of the United Kingdom
United Kingdom Parliaments
United Kingdom Parliaments
George Crawford was a Major League Baseball outfielder . He played for the Philadelphia Athletics of the American Association in , their last year of existence .
External links
Major League Baseball outfielders
Philadelphia Athletics ( AA ) players
19th-century baseball players
Xie Limei ( ; born June 27 , 1986 ) is a Chinese triple jumper .
She won the silver medal at the 2004 World Junior Championships and gold medals at the 2005 Asian Championships and the 2006 Asian Games . She also competed at the 2006 World Indoor Championships without reaching the final . She then finished eighth at the 2007 World Championships and the 2008 World Indoor Championships .
Her personal best jump is 14.90 metres , achieved in September 2007 in Urumqi .
Competition record
References
1986 births
Living people
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Chinese female triple jumpers
Olympic athletes of China
Asian Games medalists in athletics ( track and field )
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 2006 Asian Games
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 2010 Asian Games
Asian Games gold medalists for China
Asian Games silver medalists for China
Medalists at the 2006 Asian Games
Medalists at the 2010 Asian Games
Sportspeople from Zhangzhou
The women 's 100 metres event at the 1994 World Junior Championships in Athletics was held in Lisbon , Portugal , at Estádio Universitário de Lisboa on 20 and 21 July .
Medalists
Results
Final
21 July
Wind : +2.0 m/s
Semifinals
21 July
Semifinal 1
Wind : +0.8 m/s
Semifinal 2
Wind : +1.3 m/s
Quarterfinals
20 July
Quarterfinal 1
Wind : +1.4 m/s
Quarterfinal 2
Wind : +1.0 m/s
Quarterfinal 3
Wind : +2.4 m/s
Quarterfinal 4
Wind : +0.6 m/s
Heats
20 July
Heat 1
Wind : 0.0 m/s
Heat 2
Wind : +0.1 m/s
Heat 3
Wind : +0.1 m/s
Heat 4
Wind : +0.1 m/s
Heat 5
Wind : -0.5 m/s
Heat 6
Wind : +0.1 m/s
Participation
According to an unofficial count , 45 athletes from 35 countries participated in the event .
References
100 metres
100 metres at the World Athletics U20 Championships
Kade Robert McClure ( born February 12 , 1996 ) is an American professional baseball pitcher in the Chicago White Sox organization .
Amateur career
McClure was born and raised in Mentor , Ohio , where grew up and played youth football with Mitch Trubisky . He attended Mentor High School where he played baseball and basketball . As a junior in 2013 , McClure went 10-1 with a 0.88 ERA and 83 strikeouts over innings . Although McClure was expected to be selected in the 2014 Major League Baseball draft , he went undrafted and thus enrolled at the University of Louisville where he played college baseball .
In 2015 , McClure 's freshman season at Louisville , he appeared in 16 games ( four starts ) in which he compiled a 1-1 record with a 4.18 ERA . As a sophomore in 2016 , he pitched in 15 games ( making 13 starts ) and went 12-0 with a 2.54 ERA , garnering a 0.88 WHIP while striking out 77 batters over 78 innings , earning All-American honors . Following the season , he played in the Cape Cod Baseball League with the Brewster Whitecaps . As a junior in 2017 , McClure was Louisville 's number two starter . For the year , he started 18 games , pitching to an 8-4 record with a 3.58 ERA , compiling 111 strikeouts over 103 innings . Following the season , he was selected by the Chicago White Sox in the sixth round of the 2017 Major League Baseball draft .
Professional career
McClure signed with the White Sox and made his professional debut with the Rookie-level Arizona League White Sox before earning a promotion to the Great Falls Voyagers of the Rookie Advanced Pioneer League in July . In August , he was promoted to the Kannapolis Intimidators of the Class A South Atlantic League . Over 11 innings pitched between the three teams , he gave up one run while striking out 19 . He began the 2018 season back with Kannapolis , but his season was cut short after eight starts due to a knee injury that required surgery . Over those eight starts , he went 3-1 with a 3.02 ERA , striking out 42 batters over innings . McClure returned healthy in 2019 and began the season back with Kannapolis before being promoted to the Winston-Salem Dash of the Class A-Advanced Carolina League in June . Over 22 starts between the two clubs , he pitched to a 4-6 record with a 3.25 ERA , compiling 99 strikeouts and a 1.22 WHIP over innings .
McClure did not play a minor league game in 2020 due to the cancellation of the minor league season caused by the COVID-19 pandemic . To begin the 2021 season , he was assigned to the Birmingham Barons of the Double-A South . After 15 starts in which he pitched to a 2-4 record , a 3.82 ERA , and 77 strikeouts over innings , he was promoted to the Charlotte Knights of the Triple-A East in early August . Over nine starts with Charlotte , McClure went 2-3 with a 6.81 ERA and 36 strikeouts over 37 innings . He returned to Charlotte to begin the 2022 season .
References
External links
1996 births
Living people
Arizona League White Sox players
Baseball pitchers
Baseball players from Ohio
Brewster Whitecaps players
Great Falls Voyagers players
Kannapolis Intimidators players
Louisville Cardinals baseball players
People from Mentor , Ohio
Winston-Salem Dash players
Birmingham Barons players
Charlotte Knights players
Wilhelm Trautmann ( 6 December 1888 – 24 July 1969 ) was a German international footballer .
He played for Viktoria Mannheim and later for VfR Mannheim .
References
1888 births
1969 deaths
Association football midfielders
German footballers
Germany international footballers
Pieces of Winter Sky is a composition for chamber ensemble by the American composer Aaron Jay Kernis . The work was commissioned by the consortium Music Accord for the ensemble eighth blackbird . The piece was a runner-up for 2013 Pulitzer Prize for Music , losing to Caroline Shaw 's Partita for 8 Voices .
Composition
Pieces of Winter Sky has a duration of roughly 22 minutes and is composed in a single movement . Kernis described the composition in the score program notes , remarking :
Instrumentation
The work is scored for a small ensemble comprising flute , clarinet , percussion , piano , violin , and cello .
References
Compositions by Aaron Jay Kernis
2012 compositions
Chamber music compositions
The Adelphoi was a wooden barque built in Sunderland , UK , that spent most of her working life in Australian waters . She was wrecked off Port Hacking , Australia , in 1879 .
Service history
1865-74
1874-75
The Adelphoi seems to have first made its way into Australian waters in 1874 via Java , leaving Cherilbon on 1 October with a full cargo of sugar . The vessel then arrived in Melbourne and began discharging and receiving cargo at the Sandridge town pier .
In January 1875 , the vessel was put up for sale by MacFarlan , Blyth , and Co . Upon her sale in June , the master made his return to London via the Northumberland .
1876-79
On 19 May 1876 , the Adelphoi sailed from Newcastle , New South Wales harbour for Lyttelton , New Zealand and arrived on 9 June 1876 . In September 1876 it was reported that the Adelphoi and Natal Queen were loading at Lyttelton and bound for Melbourne , with 10,000 bags of oats .
On 15 December 1876 , the Adelphoi arrived back at her new home port at Newcastle harbour . She made several more trips between Newcastle and Lyttelton over the course of the next three years .
Shipwreck event
On the morning of 21 December 1879 , the Adolphoi was bound from Adelaide to Newcastle when she struck a reef about a mile off Port Hacking . The hold quickly began to fill up with water , and the captain and crew were forced to abandon the ship . They took to the lifeboats , and reached Port Hacking without incident .
W H Gregory , the master of the Adelphoi , was called upon to show why his certificate should not be suspended or cancelled for his error in navigating the barque so close to land . The master claimed that it would have been useless to anchor and that he did everything he could to save the vessel . He claimed he had been a careful navigator for upward of 19 years . The board considered the matter and could not overlook the fact that the barque might have been kept further from shore , and the anchor dropped . They decided to suspend Captain Gregory 's certificate for three months from the time of the wreck .
The Adelphoi was insured with the New Zealand Insurance Company for £2,000 . The vessel was in ballast .
References
Shipwrecks of the Southern Sydney Region
Ships built on the River Wear
1865 ships
Maritime incidents in December 1879
1871–1900 ships of Australia
Merchant ships of Australia
Barquentines of Australia
The men 's 4x100 metres relay event at the 1994 World Junior Championships in Athletics was held in Lisbon , Portugal , at Estádio Universitário de Lisboa on 23 and 24 July .
Medalists
Results
Final
24 July
Heats
23 July
Heat 1
Heat 2
Heat 3
Participation
According to an unofficial count , 92 athletes from 22 countries participated in the event .
References
4 x 100 metres relay
Relays at the World Athletics U20 Championships
Krasnostav may refer to :
Krasnostav , Slavuta Raion , Ukraine
Ukrainian name of Krasnystaw , eastern Poland
The grand rhabdornis ( Rhabdornis grandis ) , also known as the long-billed rhabdornis or long-billed creeper , is a species of bird currently placed in the starling family , Sturnidae . It is endemic to Luzon Island in the Philippines . It is sometimes treated as a subspecies of the stripe-breasted creeper ( R. inornatus ) .
Description
A medium-sized , long-billed bird with a white throat and belly , a brown back , rufous wings and tail , a black mask with a thin white eyebrow above , a gray crown , and brown sides broadly streaked white .
Habitat and Conservation Status
Its natural habitat is tropical mid-elevation and high elevation montane forest . The IUCN lists it as a Least-concern species but despite this the population is still said to be declining due to habitat loss and fragmentation .
References
grand rhabdornis
Birds of Luzon
grand rhabdornis
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Opisthotropis latouchii , the Sichuan mountain keelback , is a species of natricine snake found in China .
References
Opisthotropis
Reptiles described in 1899
Reptiles of China
Taxa named by George Albert Boulenger
The Berlin-Potsdam Railway is an oil on canvas painting by German artist Adolph Menzel , created in 1847 . It belongs to the early creative phase of the artist and depicts a section of the Berlin-Potsdam Railway , opened in 1838 , at the southwest of the city center of Berlin , in a style that seems to anticipate impressionism . This is the first painting to depict a railway train in the landscape in German painting . The work belongs to the collection of the Alte Nationalgalerie , in Berlin , since 1899 .
Description and analysis
Topographically , the painting does not exactly depict the curve to the southwest of the then single-track Berlin-Potsdam railway , the first line in Prussia , near today 's Gleisdreieck . The painter 's point of view was roughly the elevation near Schöneberger Großgörschenstraße , south of the track . The area was still undeveloped at the time , but was already earmarked for the large expansion of Berlin and looked correspondingly desolate after the abandonment of agricultural and horticultural use . The painting in the middle distance is dominated by a group of dark trees that appears to be extremely large . The silhouette of Berlin city center can be seen on the horizon ; the two domes are the German and French cathedrals at the Gendarmenmarkt , but they are only hinted by Menzel 's hasty brushwork .
Menzel was the first artist in Germany to recognize this wasteland in front of the city gates of Berlin as a painterly motif at the beginning of industrialization , with its railway as a means of transport and travel . The railway track changed the formerly rural area . The modern technology at the beginning of the industrial revolution has positive connotations for Menzel . Smoke , steam and the speed of the locomotive and its train create an intended atmospheric interaction in Menzel 's painting . However , the purely technical aspect takes a back seat in this work in favor of the atmospheric effect . The painting stands in complete contrast to a painting created by Menzel 's painter friend Karl Eduard Biermann , in the same year on behalf of the Lokomotivfabrik Borsig .
References
1847 paintings
Paintings by Adolph Menzel
Paintings in the collection of the Alte Nationalgalerie
Trains in art
Milt Jackson Quartet ( also released as Soul Pioneers ) is an album by American jazz vibraphonist Milt Jackson featuring performances recorded in 1955 and released on the Prestige label .
Reception
AllMusic writer Scott Yanow stated : `` The music itself makes for an enjoyable straight-ahead set '' .
Track listing
All compositions by Milt Jackson , except where noted .
`` Wonder Why '' ( Nicholas Brodszky , Sammy Cahn ) – 5:26
`` My Funny Valentine '' ( Lorenz Hart , Richard Rodgers ) – 4:41
`` Moonray '' ( Paul Madison , Arthur Quenzer , Artie Shaw ) – 5:05
`` The Nearness of You '' ( Hoagy Carmichael , Ned Washington ) – 4:04
`` Stonewall '' – 7:47
`` I Should Care '' ( Axel Stordahl , Paul Weston , Sammy Cahn ) – 4:20
Recorded at the Van Gelder Studio , Hackensack , New Jersey on May 20 , 1955
Personnel
Milt Jackson – vibes
Horace Silver – piano
Percy Heath – bass
Connie Kay – drums
References
Prestige Records albums
Milt Jackson albums
1955 albums
Albums recorded at Van Gelder Studio
Villeta is a city of Paraguay in the Central Department , on the banks of Paraguay River . It is an important industrial center and port .
Toponymy
The city was founded on March 5 , 1714 , by Juan Gregorio Bazán de Pedraza , with the original name of San Felipe de Borbón del Valle del Bastán ( Saint Philip of Bourbon of the Valley of Bastán ) , in homage to the King Felipe II . It was later renamed Villeta because of its resemblance to a great Villa .
Villeta 's Port
The port is administered by the National Administration for Navigation and Ports ( ANNP ) , and is specially equipped for the handling of heavy machinery . Many different kinds of merchandise are traded through this port . In Villeta , there 's also the Caacupé-mí Port , one of the most important private ports in Paraguay .
Characteristics :
Villeta port terminal : 35 kilometers south from Asunción
Area : 13.5 hectares
Pier : 435 meters
Platform : 25 meters
Depth : minimum 10 feet , 365 days a year
Facilities : 6 hectares of beaches and paved roads
Covered warehouse : 0.3 hectares ( 100 X 30 meters )
Free zone : Bolivian governed , for merchandise in transit
Climate
The temperature in summer sometimes reaches 40 °C or higher . The minimum in winter is 0 °C . The average for the entire Central Department is 22 °C . The city is located in one of Paraguay 's departments with the most rainfall during the months from January to April ; and the least during the months from June to August .
Demography
The total population of the city is 36,228 inhabitants , 18,362 males and 17,866 females , according to the data from the General Directorate of Statistics , Polls and Census .
History
Villeta was founded in 1714 by the Governor Juan Gregorio Bazán de Pedraza . During the government of Dr. Francia , the city became an important conduit for communication with other countries , making the economic development of the district possible .
Economy
Until 1930 the city was famous because of activity at the port , mostly the export of oranges . Today the port is used for multiple purposes .
Villeta 's port on the banks of the Paraguay River is the shipping point for most of Paraguay 's exports . Nineteen large factories located in the area produce cement , iron rods , cotton , electric cables , and agricultural chemicals , and other activities . The cement and chemical plants are infamous for the environmental contamination they cause .
The major processing plant for Paraguay 's cement industry is located in Villeta .
Tourism
Located in the Gran Asunción Area , there are several historic buildings in the city of Villeta . The Church of the Virgin of the Rosary ( Virgen del Rosario ) , built during the period of the Paraguayan War also served as a Hospital , and is one such edifice . The architecture of the church is an example of the distinctive characteristics of 19th-century art in Paraguay , especially in the murals painted by Adán Kunos .
Fishing can be enjoyed in Guyrati , Angostura and Itaipiru , near Argentina .
Notable people
Famous residents of Villeta include :
Rubén Bareiro Saguier
Susy Delgado
Isabel Arrúa Vallejos
Ricardo Medina
Ignacio Sanchez
Josef Mengele ( His house can be seen at `` Mengele kue '' just a few kilometres from the town on the main road . )
How to get to Villeta
Through the Southern Access Route . ( Part of the Route 1 ) . Villeta is 34 kilometers south of Asunción . The Villeta–Alberdi–Pilar Route also connects the city to the south of the country .
Gallery
References
Geografía del Paraguay - Editorial Hispana Paraguay S.R.L.- 1a . Edición 1999 - Asunción Paraguay
Geografía Ilustrada del Paraguay - - Distribuidora Arami S.R.L .
La Magia de nuestra tierra . Fundación en Alianza . Asunción . 2007 .
External links
Secretaria Nacional de Turismo
Populated places in the Central Department
Populated places established in 1714
1714 establishments in the Spanish Empire
Paresh Narendra Kamat is a Konkani poet from Marcaim , Goa , India .
Kamat was born on 28 March 1968 . He is a pharmacist and has been writing modern Konkani poetry for thirty years . His sensuous poetry is considered pioneering . He has published five poetry collections including Alang ( 2000 ) , Garbhakol ( 2004 ) , Shubhankar ( 2009 ) , Chitralipi ( 2013 ) and Rangboli ( 2018 ) . His poetry has also been translated in many other languages .
He was awarded the Sahitya Academy Award in Konkani for Chitralipi in 2018 . He has also received State Kala Academy 's Sahitya Puraskar ( 2009 ) and the Government of Goa 's Yuva Srujan Puraskar ( 2011–12 ) .
References
Recipients of the Sahitya Akademi Award in Konkani
Konkani-language poets
Indian poets
Living people
People from Goa
1968 births
Białoskóry is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hrubieszów , within Hrubieszów County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine . It lies approximately north of Hrubieszów and east of the regional capital Lublin .
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
Román Ramos Álvaro ( born 6 January 1991 ) is a Spanish motorcycle racer . During 2018 he rode for Team Go Eleven on a Kawasaki , until losing the ride to Eugene Laverty . He has also competed in the Moto2 World Championship , the CEV Supersport Championship , the Spanish Kawasaki Ninja Cup ( which he won in 2007 ) and the CEV Moto2 Championship , which he won in 2013 ; in the same year he also won the European Supersport title .
Career statistics
Grand Prix motorcycle racing
By season
Races by year
( key ) ( Races in bold indicate pole position , races in italics indicate the fastest lap )
Superbike World Championship
Races by year
( key ) ( Races in bold indicate pole position , races in italics indicate the fastest lap )
References
External links
1991 births
Living people
Spanish motorcycle racers
Sportspeople from Cantabria
Moto2 World Championship riders
Superbike World Championship riders
Come Sing with Me ( ) is a Chinese variety music show , broadcast on Hunan Television . The show is hosted by Wang Han and the singer Han Hong , which invites exceptional renowned singers and ordinary people like fans . Every episode takes about 90 minutes to broadcast . The program 's first season has 11 episodes , released on 7 May 2016 , while the second season has 12 episodes and released on 29 April 2017 . Mandopop folk singer Fei Yu-ching was the host of the final episode of the first season . Come Sing With Me ranked second in the Top 10 Popular China TV Shows in the first half of the year 2016 .
The music party show was manufactured and directed by Wang Qin and their team , which was the main program show of Super Girl ( 超级女声 ) , Super Boy ( 快乐男声 ) and Tian Sheng Yi Dui ( 天声一队 ) executive producer . The music show was exclusively recorded , copyrighted from KuGou , NetEase Music , and broadened by Mango Television .
Competition rules
There would be three renowned singers to upload and levy their video for chorus every week of episodes . The audience could participate in the chorus on video via Mango TV and Changba , and could apply online in the platform to participate .
In the first season , the program organizers would inform every renowned singer to choose six persons to arrive at the live party . Those six participators ' results on the video to get approval points were score in front of three persons , who would have the opportunity to attend the live competition and chorus with their idols . Renown singers would choose one person to deed as their partnership in the party for the chorus . Every week of episodes , the live party would also appraise the most reception of Hi sing intelligent persons in grassroots and award the music rewards to those participators .
In the second season , the program organizers would inform three renowned singers to choose 100 persons to arrive at the live party . The stage is also prepared and set up an particular area for them . Those one hundred Hi Sing participators conduct as part of the campaign group and interact with their idols at any time . Simultaneously , to coordinate the Hi Sing participators ' arrival , program mode has also conducted a new entirely upgrade . They canceled the first season 's original 6 in 3 competition rules , supersede from a hundred persons interactive , and afterward announce three persons to enter the first round of chorus followed by 3 in 1 of the chorus . Renowned singers from 3 will choose 1 and 1 in 1 partnership chorus . The certain part of competition rules from the first season has remained the same and appraising the most reception of Hi Sing intelligent persons in grassroots part has also been canceled . Every week the live party would set a group of 5 to 6 persons and let renowned singers choose a chorus partner .
List of episodes
Note : The color lists indicate the video that will get approval points and was scored in front of 3 persons and enter the first round of the live chorus . Named in indicates the person gets elected by renown singers to perform singing in partnership and enter the second round of the live chorus , and the yellow columns which indicate the singers and participators at most reception of Hi Sing in grassroots .
Season 1
Episode 1
A . Broadcast at the end of the programme
Episode 2
A . The order of performance is No.2 in second round
B . The order of performance is No.1 in second round
Episode 3
Episode 4
Episode 5
Episode 6
Episode 7
Episode 8
Episode 9
Episode 10
Episode 11
Season 2
Episode 1
Episode 2
Episode 3
Episode 4
Episode 5
Episode 6
Episode 7
Episode 8
Episode 9
Episode 10
Episode 11
A . The order of performance is No.2 in second round
B . The order of performance is No.3 in second round
C. The order of performance is No.1 in second round
Episode 12
Season 3
Episode 1
Episode 2
Controversy
The single episode was enforcement to postpone for broadcasting .
According to the competition rules arrangement , after every guest ends the second round of the chorus , the live audience would have 10 seconds to give points to whoever deserves the performance . Every group performance by the most reception of Hi sing intelligent persons in grassroots will be decided that week on how many approval points they get . However , the competition quality was violated in SAPPRFT regarding the type of music competition program that management has stipulated , reported by competitor in first season on episode 5 . It was enforced postponed for broadcasting until 10:30 p.m. in Beijing time . Hereafter , the program organize have made adjustments to the next show , but would n't broadcast the program , while approving points is still remained the same , only some competition quality elemental was removed . Because of this , the program was retrieval until 10:00 p.m. in Beijing time .
Political censorship
On 8 July 2017 , singer Hu Xia performed the first original song title `` Those Years , '' broadcast in episode 11 of the second season . However , as the songwriter `` Giddens Ko '' have involved `` Taiwan independence activists '' separatism in the past , song did not pass the censorship , The singer Hu Xia and participator fans on first round of 3 in 1 chorus , and the VCR chorus version was deleted entirely . The song was replaced as `` Rush to the Dead Summer . '' The song title `` Those Years , '' which Hu Xia and 3 Hi Sing participators performed on first round of 3 in 1 chorus that had been broadcast online at NetEase Music before , was also speedily deleted .
Audience ratings
The audience ratings for this Chinese TV music show :
Season 1 ratings
Season 2 ratings
Season 3 ratings
Awards and nominations
References
External links
《我想和你唱第一季》芒果TV官方频道
《我想和你唱第二季》芒果TV官方频道
《我想和你唱》唱吧专题页面
《我想和你唱第一季》TVB官方網站
See also
I Am a Singer ( Chinese TV series )
The vicissitude of variety show
Chinese reality television series
Chinese music television series
2016 Chinese television series debuts
2017 Chinese television series debuts
Singing competitions
Hunan Broadcasting System original programming
Koscot Interplanetary , Inc. was an Orlando , Florida based multi-level marketing cosmetic company selling mink oil-based cosmetics . It became entangled in numerous legal difficulties and went out of business in the 1970s .
Koscot Interplanetary ( Koscot stood for Kosmetics for the Communities of Tomorrow ) was started in 1967 and was owned by Glenn W. Turner Enterprises , Inc. which also owned a sister company called Dare to be Great , Inc. ( started in 1969 ) . Dare to Be Great provided motivational and self-improvement courses , and also functioned as a multi-level marketing company . All the companies were owned by Glenn W. Turner , a former sewing machine salesman . Turner had also briefly worked for Holiday Magic , another multi-level marketing company that sold home-care products and cosmetics , and through related companies sold self-improvement programs . Koscot and Dare to be Great grew rapidly and Turner became famous , appearing on the cover of Life Magazine in 1971 , at which time he was worth a reported $ 300 million .
The premise of Koscot was that participants could sell cosmetics door-to-door or at parties . However , the focus of the company was more about selling distributorships than cosmetics . Participants could pay $ 2000 to be a supervisor or $ 5400 to be a director . These levels could make money by getting commissions from recruiting other participants to be supervisors or directors , and getting commissions on orders of cosmetics from other recruited participants .
Koscot became involved in substantial litigation from government agencies and Koscot 's customers . In 1971 , the Federal Trade Commission filed a lawsuit against Koscot , charging restraint of trade . The Securities and Exchange Commission also filed a lawsuit in 1972 charging that Koscot 's program should be considered a security and comply with securities laws and regulations . The FTC 's decision on Koscot set a precedent for defining if a company is engaging in illegal pyramiding .
In 1973 , Turner , attorney F. Lee Bailey and eight others were indicted by a federal grand jury on conspiracy and mail fraud charges . The indictment said that Bailey had appeared in a film made for Turner 's organization and had appeared with Turner at several rallies . A nine-month trial ended in a hung jury . Charges were then dropped against Bailey . In 1975 , Turner pleaded guilty to a single charge of violating securities laws and was given probation . Turner ran in the Democratic primary for the United States Senate election in Florida , 1974 , but lost . He later operated another motivational company called Challenge , Inc. , which led to more legal difficulties . In 1987 , Turner was convicted , along with Edward Rector , on charges of conspiracy , fraud and operating a pyramid scheme , and sentenced to seven years in prison .
References
SEC v. Koscot Interplanetary , 497 F.2d 473 ( 1974 )
In Re Koscot Interplanetary Inc. , 86 F.T.C . 11106 ( 1975 )
Further reading
Robinson , Kenneth Michael . The Great American Mail-Fraud Trial . Nash Publications . 1976 . ( Kenneth Michael Robinson was the defense attorney for Koscot )
Maxa , Rudy . Dare to Be Great : The Unauthorized Story of Glenn Turner . Morrow . 1977 ( Rudy Maxa was an investigative journalist for the Washington Post )
Frasca , John . Con Man or Saint ? . Droke House . 1969 .
Frasca , John . The Unstoppable Glenn Turner . Pyramid Publications . 1972 .
Frasca , John . GWT Changed the World for Me : The Story of Glenn W. Turner - Motivational Genius . Pyramid Publications . 1972 ( John Frasca was a Pulitzer Prize-winning former investigative journalist at the Tampa Tribune , who became Glenn Turner 's publicist )
Defunct multi-level marketing companies
Fraud in the United States
Large-group awareness training
Pyramid and Ponzi schemes
Newbridge ( ) is a hamlet in the civil parish of Madron on the Penwith peninsula in west Cornwall , England , United Kingdom . It is on the A3071 road between St Just and Penzance , about three miles ( 5 km ) west of the latter .
Newbridge Board School was opened by the School Board of Sancreed in 1875 and enlarged in 1882 for a further thirty to forty children .
It should not be confused with Newbridge in the civil parish of Kenwyn . There is also a bridge called Newbridge near Gunnislake .
References
External links
Hamlets in Cornwall
Colin Grazier , GC ( 7 May 1920 – 30 October 1942 ) was a sailor in the Royal Navy who was posthumously awarded the George Cross for the `` outstanding bravery and steadfast devotion to duty in the face of danger '' which he displayed on 30 October 1942 in action in the eastern Mediterranean when capturing codebooks vital for the breaking of the German naval `` Shark '' Enigma cipher from the sinking .
Early life
Grazier was born at Two Gates in Tamworth , the son of Colin Grazier and his wife , Margaret Twynham . He was educated locally and joined the Royal Navy as soon as the Second World War began . He served on HMS Petard .
Grazier married Olive M. Grazier just before going to war . They lived at 211 Tamworth Road in Kingsbury , Warwickshire .
30 October 1942
On the night of 30 October 1942 an enemy submarine was reported north of Port Said . The destroyers , , , , and were ordered to proceed from Alexandria to relieve who had been searching for the submarine ( which was German U-boat ) .
HMS Petard , assisted by Wellesley aircraft of No . 47 Squadron , located the U-boat and attacked with depth charges for nearly ten hours and finally forced the stricken boat to the surface at around 22:40 . The U-boat was caught in Petards search-lights , and the German crew , with Kapitänleutnant ( Captain ) Hans Heidtmann , were taken on board under guard , but not before they had opened seavalves and petcocks in order to scuttle the submarine before abandoning it . HMS Petard now sought volunteers to swim over and search the damaged submarine . Lieutenant Francis Fasson said that he would go aboard .
Fasson stripped off his clothes and jumped into the cold sea . Colin Grazier also volunteered and followed him across . The two men were then joined by 16-year-old NAAFI canteen assistant Tommy Brown , and they began the task of searching the rapidly sinking U-boat for any vital documents , code books or machinery .
The two senior men , Fasson and Grazier , entered the submarine and passed all the information they could get their hands on to Brown , who was waiting on the conning tower . Suddenly the submarine lurched and slipped beneath the waves , taking Grazier and Fasson with it . Both men were drowned . Their daring mission remained a secret for over 30 years due to the Official Secrets Act .
George Cross citation
The awards of the George Cross to Fasson and Grazier were published in the London Gazette on 14 September 1943 .
The medal is on display at the National War Museum at Edinburgh Castle .
Legacy
Fasson and Grazier had managed to pass out the vital code books that reached Bletchley Park on 24 November 1942 . They proved to be the Discriminant Book ( short weather key ) and Kurzsignalheft ( short signals ) code books , which yielded priceless information in breaking the U-boat Enigma codes . Convoys could now be rerouted to avoid wolfpacks and losses were halved in January and February , 1943 .
In Grazier 's home town of Tamworth there is an avenue , an office block and a hotel named after him . The hotel contains a gallery of photographs . In October 2002 , a commemorative sculpture was unveiled in Tamworth to honour Grazier and his two colleagues involved in the capture of documents from U-559 . The sculpture , the work of Polish sculptor Walenty Pytel , takes the form of three anchors , and the date of the unveiling was chosen to coincide with the 60th anniversary of the action against U-559 .
The museum at Bletchley Park has a section dedicated to his memory .
References
1942 deaths
British recipients of the George Cross
Royal Navy recipients of the George Cross
Royal Navy personnel killed in World War II
People from Tamworth , Staffordshire
Royal Navy sailors
World War II espionage
1920 births
Military personnel from Staffordshire
Pseudatteria marmarantha is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae . It is found in Colombia .
References
Moths described in 1924
Pseudatteria
Aimée Castle is a Canadian actress .
Biography
Castle began acting at the age of five as a birthday party child in the Warner Bros. Pictures film Of Unknown Origin starring Peter Weller .
She made appearances in television and movies such as Are You Afraid of the Dark ? , Back to Sherwood , Teen Sorcery , Laserhawk , Satan 's School for Girls , Student Bodies , Mr. Headmistress and An American Affair as well as the voice of Helena in the English version of the children 's anime television series Bumpety Boo .
She played Lori Baxter in Big Wolf on Campus .
Personal life
Aimée is the older sister of actress Maggie Castle , and has a daughter named Emma . She is an avid fan of the Montreal Canadiens .
Filmography
Of Unknown Origin ( 1983 ) – Birthday Party Child
Bumpety Boo ( 1985 ) – Helena ( voice )
Bouli ( 1989 ) – Additional Voices
Mindfield ( 1989 ) – Little Girl
Gold and Paper ( 1990 ) – Maureen Thompson
Scanners III : The Takeover ( 1992 ) – Young Helena
Love and Human Remains ( 1993 ) – Bernie 's Drug Dealer
Papa Beaver 's Storytime ( 1993 ) – Additional Voices
Are You Afraid of the Dark ? ( 1995 ) – Greta
An American Affair ( 1997 ) – Prostitute
Laserhawk ( 1997 ) – Tracy Altergot
Mr. Headmistress ( 1998 ) – Wendy
When He Did n't Come Home ( 1998 ) – Becky
Back to Sherwood ( 1998 ) – Robyn Hood
Student Bodies ( 1999 ) – Girl
The Secret Path ( 1999 ) – Lydia
Teen Sorcery ( 1999 ) – Franny
Satan 's School for Girls ( 2000 ) – Courtney
Big Wolf on Campus ( 2000–2002 ) – Lori Baxter
Dice ( 2001 ) – Shelby Scott
Mona the Vampire ( 2001 ) – Additional Voices
Ice Age : Continental Drift ( 2012 ) – Additional Voices
Hitman : Absolution ( 2012 ) – Additional Voices
Grand Theft Auto V ( 2013 ) – Local Population
Final Fantasy Type-0 HD ( 2015 ) – Qun'mi Tru ' e
Lego Jurassic World ( 2015 )
Star Ocean : Integrity and Faithlessness ( 2016 ) – Fiore Brunelli
Lego Star Wars : The Force Awakens ( 2016 ) – Stormtrooper
Judgment ( 2019 ) – Saori Shirosaki
The Loud House ( 2020 ) – Ms. Borutski
American Dad ( 20 ? ? )
References
External links
Living people
Canadian child actresses
Canadian film actresses
Canadian television actresses
Canadian video game actresses
Canadian voice actresses
20th-century Canadian actresses
21st-century Canadian actresses
Year of birth missing ( living people )
The Human Rights Foundation of Aotearoa New Zealand is a non-governmental organisation in New Zealand , which seeks `` to promote and defend human rights through research based education and advocacy . ''
The Foundation purports to do this by making submissions on bills that might involve human rights issues and investigating New Zealand 's compliance with international obligations . The Foundation also takes an interest in human rights issues in the Pacific Islands .
The Foundation was established in December 2001 and was incorporated as a charitable trust on 23 October 2001 under the Charitable Trusts Act 1957 .
Organisation
Members of the Foundation can either be ordinary members or Foundation ( Life ) Members , depending on the membership fee paid .
The Officers of the Human Rights Foundation are its Patron , the Chairperson , the Secretary and the Treasurer , who are all selected by an election . Control of the Foundation resides with a Management Committee , consisting of the Chairperson , the Secretary , the Treasurer and up to eight committee members .
The Human Rights Foundation 's current Chairperson is Peter Hosking , who comes from a legal background and has worked in the human rights field . Hosking has been a consultant to the United Nations Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights and to the United Nations Development Programme . He was also formerly the Proceedings Commissioner for the New Zealand Human Rights Commission .
Former Governor-General of New Zealand Dame Silvia Cartwright is the Patron of the Foundation .
Members of the Management Committee include Margaret Bedggood , who was the Chief Commissioner of the Human Rights Commission ( New Zealand ) from 1989-1994 ( during which time the Human Rights Act 1993 was passed ) and was on Amnesty International 's Executive Committee from 1999-2005 , and Tim McBride , who wrote the New Zealand Handbook of Civil Liberties and was a founding member of the Human Rights Foundation .
Purposes and values
The Foundation 's constitution states that it was established for four key purposes .
Promoting through education an understanding of the importance of internationally recognised human rights ,
Promoting respect for human rights principles and their widespread application ,
Promoting the relevance of human rights principles to economic , social , cultural , environmental and technological developments ,
Making knowledge about human rights widely accessible
At the launch of the Human Rights Foundation on 18 December 2001 , Dame Silvia Cartwright stated that it was necessary for the human rights infrastructure to have `` an active civil society , to ensure grassroots participation , to hold the watchdogs accountable and to contribute a broader understanding of human rights and their implementation '' . She also spoke of how she had been told that the Foundation would make it a priority to `` make practical and theoretical links across human rights issues '' .
The constitution also sets out the values upon which the Foundation operates , including respect to the Treaty of Waitangi , a concept of rights recognising both individual and group rights and the realisation of individual human potential .
Submissions
The Human Rights Foundation has made a number of submissions on New Zealand bills . Some of their submissions are made in conjunction with other human rights organisations , such as the Equal Justice Project , which is an initiative run by University of Auckland students seeking to provide access to equal justice . The Foundation 's submissions have included the Human Rights Amendment Bill , the Crimes of Torture Amendment Bill , the Criminal Procedure ( Reform and Modernisation ) Bill , the Immigration ( Mass Arrivals ) Amendment Bill 2012 and recently , the Government Security Bureau ( GCSB ) and Related Legislation Amendment Bill .
GCSB Bill 2013
In May 2013 , the Government Communications Security Bureau and Related Legislation Amendment Bill was introduced . The stated purpose of the bill was to amend the Government Communications Security Bureau Act 2003 , the Inspector-General of Intelligence and Security Act 1996 and the Intelligence and Security Committee Act 1996 , in order to make the statutory framework around the Bureau clearer . The bill amended the objectives , functions , powers and limitations provisions . The amendments gave the GCSB the authority to provide assistance to the New Zealand Defence Force , the New Zealand Police and the New Zealand Security Intelligence Service when carrying out their lawful functions . The amendments also clarified when the GCSB 's powers of interception can be used . Before the amendments , the Act stated that the powers could only be used for the purpose of obtaining foreign intelligence . The bill amended section 13 to say that the powers of interception could also be used for information assurance and cybersecurity . The section stating that GCSB could not conduct foreign intelligence activities against New Zealanders was adjusted so that this only applies to the foreign intelligence function , not the information assurance and cybersecurity functions .
The bill was split into three bills , the Government Communications Security Bureau Amendment Bill , the Inspector-General of Intelligence and Security Amendment Bill and the Intelligence and Security Committee Amendment Bill . They each had their third readings on the 21 August 2013 and each received Royal Assent on the 26 August 2013 .
The Human Rights Foundation 's submission on this bill , made extensive references to the individual 's right to privacy . They expressed concern that the monitoring of individuals would also affect the right to freedom of expression , peaceful assembly and association . These rights are contained in both the New Zealand Bill of Rights Act 1990 and the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights , which New Zealand ratified on 28 December 1978 . They argued that the changes to section 14 and the insertion of new sections 15A and 15B mean that New Zealand citizens and permanent residences can be monitored in a wider range of situations . This was previously safeguarded against in the 2003 Act and the Foundation submitted that this deviation was not justified . They also stated their concern that the proposed amendments to the Intelligence and Security Committee Act 1996 would not do enough to counter the concerns about the GCSB 's compliance , as raised in a report by Secretary of the Cabinet Rebecca Kitteridge .
Shadow reports
Part of the Human Rights Foundation 's activities is producing shadow and alternative reports . These are reports that are presented alongside official reports to United Nations monitoring bodies . On 29 November 2012 the Human Rights Foundation was awarded the New Zealand Law Foundation Shadow Report Award , providing them with a $ 10,000 grant to assist them with this work . The award was presented by the Law Foundation New Zealand Chair Warwick Deuchrass , who said on behalf of the Law Foundation `` we believe shadow reporting is a valuable contributor to the treaty monitoring process '' . The Human Rights Foundation plans to use the money `` to provide more in-depth reports to a wider range of UN organisations '' , according to Chairperson Peter Hosking .
The Human Rights Foundation 's shadow and alternative reports have included the following :
Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination ( CERD ) Shadow Report June 2007
Convention Against Torture ( CAT ) Alternative Report April 2009
International Convention on Civil and Political Rights ( ICCPR ) Alternative Report March 2010
Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination Shadow Report January 2013
New Zealand 's Universal Periodic Review
The Universal Periodic Review ( UPR ) is a process through which the human rights record of United Nations member states are reviewed by the Human Rights Council . The Office of the High Commissioner for Human rights states that the aim of the process is `` to improve the human rights situation in all countries and address human rights violations wherever they occur . ''
Non-governmental organisations , such as the Human Rights Foundation , may prepare stakeholder reports to be considered alongside the official State report .
New Zealand 's First Universal Periodic Review
This was considered on 7 May 2009 . The Human Rights Foundation and the Equal Justice Project conducted an analysis of which of the 64 resulting recommendations were and were not accepted by the New Zealand Government .
New Zealand 's Second Universal Periodic Review
For the second cycle of New Zealand 's Universal Periodic Review , the Human Rights Foundation , in conjunction with Peace Movement Aotearoa , produced a coordination of the reports of non-governmental organisations wanting to contribute. < ref > Human Rights Foundation Universal Periodic Review of New Zealand , 18th session of the Working Group on the UPR , January/February 2014 , Joint Stakeholders Report Coordinated by the Human Rights Foundation of Aotearoa New Zealand '' < /ref >
New Zealand 's second UPR was considered on the 27 January 2014 and a final outcome has not currently been released by the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights .
Information about New Zealand and the UPR process is available here
Refugee issues
Ahmed Zaoui
The Human Rights Foundation supported Ahmed Zaoui , who was granted refugee status in New Zealand by the Refugee Status Appeals Authority ( RSAA ) but was detained in solitary confinement due to the fact that he was issued with a National Security Risk Certificate .
The Human Rights foundation supported Zaoui by informing the public on the details of his case and by helping to raise financial assistance towards his legal expenses .
Education
The Human Rights Foundation has also compiled a reference text which discusses economical , social and cultural rights in New Zealand . The book , Law into Action : Economic , Social and Cultural Rights in New Zealand '' , was edited by Kris Gledhill and Margret Bedggood , who is on the Management Committee of the Foundation .
References
External links
The Human Rights Foundation Website
The Human Rights Foundation on Facebook
Universal Periodic Review of New Zealand
The Human Rights Foundation on the New Zealand Charities Register
The Equal Justice Project
Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights
Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights ' Page for New Zealand 's Universal Periodic Review
New Zealand 's First UPR Information
New Zealand 's Second UPR Information
Human rights organisations based in New Zealand
Edward Higgins ( 1821 – January 31 , 1875 ) was a Confederate States Army brigadier general during the American Civil War . Before the war , he spent almost 20 years in the United States Navy and 7 years as a merchant steamship agent . After the war , he was an insurance and import sales agent at Norfolk , Virginia and from 1872 to 1875 was an agent for the Pacific Mail Steamship Company .
Early life
Edward Higgins was born in 1821 in Norfolk , Virginia . At a young age , he moved to Louisiana and lived with an uncle . He was appointed a midshipman in the U.S. Navy on January 23 , 1836 . He was promoted to passed midshipman on July 1 , 1842 , to master on May 30 , 1849 , and to lieutenant on August 24 , 1849 . Higgins also served in the Mexican-American War . He resigned from the U.S. Navy in 1854 and became a steamship agent in the mail service between New York City and New Orleans , Louisiana .
American Civil War
Edward Higgins entered the Confederate States Army on April 12 , 1861 , as a captain in the 1st Louisiana Artillery Regiment . On June 12 , 1861 , he became aide-de-camp to Major General David E. Twiggs . Higgins supervised the construction of the defenses of Ship Island . On October 29 , 1861 , he was appointed captain in the CSA 1st Artillery Regiment . Higgins resigned from this position on January 2 , 1862 , and on February 13 , 1862 , he was appointed lieutenant colonel of the 21st Louisiana Infantry Regiment . Higgins was captured on April 28 , 1862 , while defending Fort Jackson and Fort St. Philip during the Union Army 's attack on and occupation of the lower Mississippi River and New Orleans , Louisiana . After a brief imprisonment , Higgins was exchanged on October 16 , 1862 .
Having been promoted to colonel on September 26 , 1862 , Higgins was assigned to command of the river batteries at Vicksburg , Mississippi . In December 1862 , Higgins fought at the Snyder 's Mill defenses in operations in the Vicksburg Campaign . Upon the surrender of Vicksburg on July 4 , 1863 , Higgins was captured again . He was exchanged on October 13 , 1863 , and promoted to brigadier general on October 29 , 1863 .
At the request of Major General Dabney Herndon Maury , who was in charge of the defenses of Mobile , Alabama , Higgins was assigned to command the bay and harbor defenses at Mobile . He commanded a brigade at Mobile for most of the rest of the war . For reasons not clear in the historical record , Higgins was relieved of his duties on February 18 , 1865 . At the end of the war , he was in Macon , Georgia , awaiting orders . No record of his final capture or parole has been found .
Aftermath
Higgins returned to Norfolk , Virginia , after the end of the war . He was in the insurance and import businesses at Norfolk . After a severe flood in 1872 , Higgins moved to California , where he became an agent for the Pacific Mail Steamship Company .
Edward Higgins died January 31 , 1875 , at San Francisco California . He is buried at Holy Cross Cemetery , Colma , California .
See also
List of American Civil War generals ( Confederate )
Notes
References
Boatner , Mark Mayo , III . The Civil War Dictionary . New York : McKay , 1988. . First published New York , McKay , 1959 .
Eicher , John H. , and David J. Eicher . Civil War High Commands . Stanford , CA : Stanford University Press , 2001. .
Sifakis , Stewart . Who Was Who in the Civil War . New York : Facts On File , 1988. .
Stanchak , John E. `` Higgins , Edward '' in Historical Times Illustrated History of the Civil War , edited by Patricia L. Faust . New York : Harper & Row , 1986. .
Warner , Ezra J . Generals in Gray : Lives of the Confederate Commanders . Baton Rouge : Louisiana State University Press , 1959. .
1821 births
1875 deaths
Confederate States Army brigadier generals
People of Virginia in the American Civil War
People of Louisiana in the American Civil War
United States Navy officers
United States Navy personnel of the Mexican–American War
Military personnel from Norfolk , Virginia
Christen Jensen Lodberg ( 31 October 1625 - 12 June 1693 ) was a Danish bishop .
Born in Todbøl , Lodbjerg Parish , his father , Jens Christensen , was a farmer . In his eleventh year he went to the small grammar school in Thisted , and then to Viborg , from Viborg perhaps to Odense and finally to Roskilde school , from which he graduated in 1647 . During his studies , he returned to the farm to help out .
After completing his theological studies and accumulating some money , he traveled abroad in 1652 , partly helped by a scholarship . Beset by lack of funds , he may have enlisted as a soldier on his travels , first in Naples , where he is said to have become acquainted with a Spanish general , under whom he served one and a half years in the Spanish guard .
After his return in 1657 , he took a master 's degree , gave philosophical lectures and released some physico-astronomical theses , one of which , Philosophical-theological study on the first 2 verses of Genesis , attracted attention .
After again having been abroad , as the steward of a young nobleman , he became in 1663 professors at Sorø Academy , which had been in decline . In 1665 he was called to court as tutor to the King of Denmark 's younger son , Prince George of Denmark . He was appointed dean of Roskilde in 1666 , while continuing to be the prince 's confessor . In 1681 , he became bishop of Ribe and the following year a doctor of theology .
In 1671 , he married Johanne Eilertz # 1649-1714 # , daughter of Alderman Jacob Eilertz of Copenhagen .
He died in Ribe , and was buried in Roskilde Cathedral .
His son Jacob Lodberg was bishop of Odense .
Based on text from the Dansk biografisk leksikon .
1625 births
1693 deaths
Danish Lutheran bishops
Burials at Roskilde Cathedral
Euphoria is an annual four-day music and camping festival held in Austin , Texas . Euphoria focuses on electronic music but includes hip hop , indie , and jam band artists . The festival also features camping , art installations , live painting , yoga and workshops . The festival debuted in 2012 and was held for the sixth time in the spring of 2017 . Over 50,000 attendees gathered at Carson Creek Ranch for Euphoria 2017 . The 2018 festival , newly titled Finding Euphoria , took place on May 12 .
The 20 acre venue , part of Carson Creek Ranch , sits on the bank of the Colorado River and is approximately five minutes from the Austin-Bergstrom International Airport by car . The 2017 festival site featured three stages : Euphoria , Elements and the Dragonfly Amphitheater . The campgrounds located across Carson Creek hosted over 5,000 campers , plus another exclusive stage and silent disco .
2018
Finding Euphoria 2018 , announced on February 7 , 2018 , is a one-day festival scheduled for May 12 at Carson Creek Ranch . The May event is part of a new series concept for Euphoria , called the Finding Euphoria Series . The Series includes shows in Austin throughout the year , as well as community events like yoga , group dinner and movie night . With the 2018 announcement , Euphoria also introduced a car camping option to the festival event , which features two nights of camping .
Lineup
Gramatik
Hippie Sabotage
G Jones
k ? d
medasin .
Graves
ATLiens
+13 more
2017
Euphoria 2017 showcased a diverse group of artists , ranging from EDM to hip hop . The festival lasted four days and also hosted a variety of activities , workshops , and camping . Euphoria also continued their partnership with Keep Austin Beautiful as a part of their Ecophoria initiative .
Lineup
Alesso
Chromeo
Pretty Lights Live
Wiz Khalifa
Young Thug
Zeds Dead
The Disco Biscuits
The Floozies
Knife Party
Moby
Oliver Heldens
Post Malone
Alan Walker
BadBadNotGood
Bakermat ( live )
Bob Moses
Chronixx & Zincfence Redemption
FKJ
The Knocks ( live )
Lost Kings
Mija
Papadosio
Russ
Spag Heddy
Yotto
+ 51 more
2016
Euphoria 2016 marked the festival 's fifth anniversary and third year at Carson Creek Ranch in Austin , Texas .
Lineup
Bassnectar
Above & Beyond
Dillon Francis
STS9
Eric Prydz
Juicy J
GRiZ
Tycho
Cherub
Crizzly
Klingande
Lettuce
Lil Dicky
LOUDPVCK
Nahko and Medicine for the People
Shiba San
The Motet
The Polish Ambassador
Waka Floka Flame
Autograf
Branchez
Break Science
Jai Wolf
+ 44 more
2015
Euphoria 2015 remained at Carson Creek Ranch in Austin , Texas . The lineup showcased major names in EDM and drew in approximately 10,000 people per night .
Lineup
Pretty Lights
Ghostland Observatory
Adventure Club
Big Gigantic
RL Grime
STS9
Thievery Corporation
Tritonal
Emancipator Ensemble
EOTO
Paper Diamond
Thomas Jack
Yung Lean
Break Science
EDX
Grandtheft
The New Deal
Savoy
+ 80 more
2014
Euphoria 2014 was held on April 25–26 and changed to a new venue , moving to its current home at Carson Creek Ranch in Austin , Texas . For the first time , Euphoria included overnight camping and diversified experiences like yoga sessions and an art gallery . Approximately 4,000 people attended the festival each day .
Lineup
Zeds Dead
Beats Antique
Gareth Emery
Lotus
DVBBS
Bonobo
Bro Safari
Crystal Method
MAKJ
BoomBox
Simon Patterson
The Floozies
The Motet
Keys N Krates
+ 42 more
2013
In 2013 Euphoria expanded to a two-day festival and the venue changed to The Whitewater Amphitheater in New Braunfels , Texas . The attendance was roughly 3,000 per day .
Lineup
Datsik
Tommy Trash
EOTO
Dirtyphonics
Baauer
Felix Cartal
Clockwork
Conspirator
Designer Drugs
Downlink
KiloWatts
Le Castle Vania
The Polish Ambassador
Black Matter
+ 15 more
2012
Euphoria debuted on April 7 , 2012 as a one-day event at Thunderhill Raceway in Kyle , Texas . Approximately 2,000 people attended .
Lineup
Roger Shah
Calvertron
LA Riots
The White Panda
Lange
Glen Morrison
Darth and Vader
Big Chocolate
Shogun
Yoji
Rednek
Archnemesis
Zoogma
Rabbit in the Moon
+ 37 more
References
External links
Carson Creek Ranch
White Water Amphitheater
Music festivals in Texas
Arthur A . `` Hec '' Garvey ( February 20 , 1900 — September 23 , 1973 ) was a professional American football offensive lineman . He played for 9 teams in 3 leagues ( APFA , NFL , AFL ) over 9 seasons .
References
1900 births
Akron Pros players
Chicago Bears players
Brooklyn Lions players
Waterbury Blues players
New York Giants players
Providence Steam Roller players
Brooklyn Dodgers ( NFL ) players
Staten Island Stapletons players
Notre Dame Fighting Irish football players
1973 deaths
Bence Gundel-Takács ( born 6 April 1998 ) is a Hungarian football player who plays for Croatian club Jarun on loan from Fehérvár FC .
Career
Újpest
On 12 May 2018 , Gundel-Takács played his first match for Újpest in a 0–1 loss against Puskás Akadémia in the Hungarian League .
Fehérvár FC
On 29 August 2019 Fehérvár FC announced , that they had signed Gundel-Takács .
Club statistics
Updated to games played as of 19 May 2019 .
References
External links
MLSZ
1998 births
Living people
Footballers from Budapest
Hungarian footballers
Hungary youth international footballers
Association football goalkeepers
Puskás Akadémia FC players
Újpest FC players
Fehérvár FC players
Győri ETO FC players
Nemzeti Bajnokság I players
Nemzeti Bajnokság II players
Nemzeti Bajnokság III players
First Football League ( Croatia ) players
Hungarian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Croatia
Hungarian expatriate sportspeople in Croatia
Fernando Chaparro ( born July 30 , 1964 ) is an Argentine sprint canoer who competed in the late 1980s . He was eliminated in the repechages of the K-4 1000 m event at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul . Four years later in Barcelona , Chaparro was eliminated in the repechages of the K-2 500 m event and the semifinals of the K-4 1000 m event .
References
Sports-reference.com profile
1964 births
Argentine male canoeists
Canoeists at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Canoeists at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Living people
Olympic canoeists of Argentina
Blood Bath at Orc 's Drift is a supplement published by Citadel Miniatures in 1985 for the second edition of the fantasy wargame Warhammer .
Contents
Blood Bath at Orc 's Drift is a wargame pack consisting of four scenarios that lead up to a major battle . The contents include :
a scenario book
command sheets
cardstock buildings
cardboard counters
a poster map
a badge
Publication history
Blood Bath at Orc 's Drift was designed by Gary Chalk , Joe Dever and Ian Page , with artwork by Chalk and cartography by David Andrews . Citadel Miniatures also produced a line of 25 mm miniatures to match the warriors in each scenario , and offered consumers a special deal to buy them for use with this supplement .
Chalk designed the supplement after the 1964 British movie Zulu starring Michael Caine and Stanley Baker .
Reception
Jon Sutherland reviewed Blood Bath at Orc 's Drift for White Dwarf # 68 , giving it an overall rating of 9 out of 10 , and stated that `` If you like Warhammer , you 'll love Blood Bath at Orcs Drift - it 's not often that something like this is attempted and never has it been done so well . The years of wargaming experience behind it really show through . Unreservedly recommended , it 's a must for all Warhammer addicts . ''
References
Warhammer supplements
Conygar Hillfort is a small multivallate Iron Age hill fort in the North Somerset district of Somerset , England . It is a Scheduled Ancient Monument .
The hill fort is situated approximately south from the village of Portbury near Bristol and the M5 .
The fort is triangular in shape and there are the remains of a high bank on the south-western side .
Background
Hill forts developed in the Late Bronze and Early Iron Age , roughly the start of the first millennium BC . The reason for their emergence in Britain , and their purpose , has been a subject of debate . It has been argued that they could have been military sites constructed in response to invasion from continental Europe , sites built by invaders , or a military reaction to social tensions caused by an increasing population and consequent pressure on agriculture . The dominant view since the 1960s has been that the increasing use of iron led to social changes in Britain . Deposits of iron ore were located in different places to the tin and copper ores necessary to make bronze , and as a result trading patterns shifted and the old elites lost their economic and social status . Power passed into the hands of a new group of people . Archaeologist Barry Cunliffe believes that population increase still played a role and has stated `` [ the forts ] provided defensive possibilities for the community at those times when the stress [ of an increasing population ] burst out into open warfare . But I would n't see them as having been built because there was a state of war . They would be functional as defensive strongholds when there were tensions and undoubtedly some of them were attacked and destroyed , but this was not the only , or even the most significant , factor in their construction '' .
See also
List of hillforts and ancient settlements in Somerset
References
Hill forts in Somerset
Iron Age sites in Somerset
Scheduled monuments in North Somerset
Renegade Kid LLC was an American video game developer based in Austin , Texas . The studio was founded in 2007 by Gregg Hargrove and Jools Watsham , video game development veterans formerly of Iguana Entertainment . In August 2016 , Hargrove and Watsham announced that they had split their operations , with the intellectual property rights distributed between each 's own studios , Atooi ( Watsham ) and Infitizmo ( Hargrove ) .
History
Prior to founding Renegade Kid , Gregg Hargrove and Jools Watsham had been working together for 12–13 years , starting at Iguana Entertainment . The two launched Renegade Kid in early 2007 . Hargrove and Watsham incorporated their expertise in Nintendo 64 ( N64 ) game development into Renegade Kid 's projects , and Watsham described the Nintendo DS , which would become the studio 's primary target platform , as `` basically a portable N64 '' . The studio 's first game , Dementium : The Ward , was announced on March 5 , 2007 , and found Gamecock Media Group as its publisher by June . At that time , Renegade Kid had three employees .
In March 2012 , Renegade Kid and Gamescribe jointly announced PitchWinPlay , a competition in which people could pitch their game ideas to the two companies , the winning entry would be developed as a game for the Nintendo eShop . However , the following July , Gamescribe announced that it was shutting down and PitchWinPlay was canceled . Also in 2012 , Renegade Kid released Mutant Mudds , the first game it funded and published on its own . Afterward , Renegade Kid went back to cooperating with publishers . The studio arranged a publishing deal for a licensed game in which the publisher would grant Renegade Kid a budget of but only allocated of those , keeping the remaining locked down until the later stages of the game 's development . This meant that any financial risk the publisher could have faced would have been shifted to the developer instead . Renegade Kid rejected the deal and , from that point on , turned its business model entirely to indie game development .
Renegade Kid 's 2014 game Moon Chronicles sold poorly and the studio struggled to survive . The situation stabilized following the release of Xeodrifter , but running the studio still proved to be a financial challenge for Hargrove and Watsham . As a result , the two decided to split up . On August 29 , 2016 , Renegade Kid announced that it was shutting down . The intellectual property rights were divided between the companies set up by Hargrove and Watsham independently : Atooi , founded by Watsham in 2015 , obtained the rights for Renegade Kid 's two-dimensional games ( including Mutant Mudds and the then-in-development Treasurenauts ) , while Infitizmo , which was established in 2016 by Hargrove , received the three-dimensional titles ( including Dementium and Moon Chronicles ) . Five games from the former were included in a compilation video game for the Nintendo 3DS , titled Atooi Collection and released on August 7 , 2020 by Limited Run Games as the 3DS ' final physical title prior to Nintendo 's official discontinuation of the system .
In September 2018 , Hargrove died of pancreatic cancer .
Games
Unreleased
Demon 's Crest ( Game Boy Advance )
Son of the Dragon ( Wii )
Crash Landed ( Nintendo DS )
Maximilian and the Rise of the Mutant Mudds ( Nintendo DS )
Razor Global Domination Pro Tour ( PlayStation 4 , Wii U , Xbox One )
Cult County ( macOS , Microsoft Windows , Nintendo 3DS , Linux , PlayStation 3 , PlayStation 4 , PlayStation Vita , Wii U , Xbox One )
Dementium II Remastered ( Nintendo 3DS )
External links
References
Companies based in Austin , Texas
Defunct companies based in Texas
American companies established in 2007
American companies disestablished in 2016
Video game companies established in 2007
Video game companies disestablished in 2016
Defunct video game companies of the United States
Video game development companies
2007 establishments in Texas
2016 disestablishments in Texas
Souleymane Demba ( born June 17 , 1991 in Lusaka ) is a Zambian-born Malian footballer .
Early life
Demba was born in Lusaka , Zambia , child of Zambian mother Lafe Zimba and Malian father Moussa Demba . he starts his football forming in Nojo Sports Football School in Bamako before joining Raja Casablanca 's formation center in Morocco when he was 14 years old .
Club career
Demba starts his professional career on September 27 , 2009 when he entered for playing in the middle after expulsion of Nabil Masloub against KAC Kenitra , the final result was 2–0 for Raja Casablanca .
On October 4 , 2009 , Demba was chosen with the start team for the first time in Fez against Widad Fez , he played all the match which was ended with a draw between the two teams .
His start on the African Champions League was on February 14 , 2010 when he substituted his teammate Baqlal during the second half of the match against Fello Star in Guinean capital Conakry .
Career statistics
As of 9 May 2010
References
External links
Demba 's Profile and Statistics
Malian footballers
Raja CA players
Association football midfielders
1991 births
Expatriate footballers in Morocco
Expatriate footballers in Saudi Arabia
Expatriate footballers in Oman
Oman Professional League players
Al-Nahda Club ( Oman ) players
Al-Qaisumah FC players
Abha Club players
Al-Kholood Club players
Saudi First Division League players
Saudi Second Division players
Botola players
Living people
Sportspeople from Lusaka
SCC Mohammédia players
21st-century Malian people
The New Altstadt Church ( ) , also known simply as Altstadt Church , was a Protestant church in the Altstadt quarter of Königsberg , Germany . It was built as a replacement for the dismantled medieval Altstadt Church .
History
The original Altstadt Church , which dated from 1264 and was located south of Königsberg Castle , was dismantled from 1826 to 1828 because of cracks and sinking . Services were temporarily moved to Neurossgarten Church . The replacement church 's site was chosen as the intersection of Kreytzenscher Platz and Junkerstraße north of the castle . Construction began in 1838 based on plans by Karl Friedrich Schinkel . Although the original design had to be reduced in scale because of cost , the Brick Neo-Gothic church was praised for its columns . The New Altstadt Church was dedicated in 1845 , with its pulpit , choir , and altar transferred from or based on its predecessor .
A highlight of the church was its 13 m tall high altar . It included a wooden carving from 1606 by an unknown master of the crucifixion of Jesus , John the Apostle , Mary of Nazareth , Mary Magdalene , and the thieves Dismas and Gesmas . The carving was moved to a massive barn near Arnau in 1943 , but was subsequently lost during World War II . Also notable was a deer chandelier with Mother and Child from c. 1500 . Its confessional was designed by Isaak Riga the Younger .
The church 's exterior survived the war and was in a good shape , with only the interior destroyed by the 1944 Bombing of Königsberg but it was not rebuilt by the Soviet administration in Kaliningrad after the 1945 Battle of Königsberg following a campaign to delete Königsberg 's German element . The remnants of the outer walls were dismantled in 1959 and columns from its portico are included in the entrance of Kaliningrad 's Baltika Stadium .
Gallery
References
1845 establishments in Germany
1944 disestablishments in Germany
19th-century Lutheran churches in Germany
Buildings and structures in Germany destroyed during World War II
Destroyed churches
Former churches in Königsberg
Gothic Revival church buildings in Germany
Lutheran churches in Königsberg
Churches completed in 1845
Carole Baskin ( née Carole Stairs Jones , formerly known as Carole Murdock ; born June 6 , 1961 ) is an American animal rights activist and CEO of Big Cat Rescue , a non-profit animal sanctuary based near Tampa , Florida . She has attracted the attention of local , national and international media outlets to the plight of captive big cats .
Baskin drew public attention when she was featured in the 2020 Netflix true crime documentary series Tiger King , which follows Baskin 's escalating feud with Oklahoma-based private zoo owner Joe Exotic . Following the release of the series , Baskin received abuse online due to the third episode of the series speculating that Baskin was involved in the disappearance of Don Lewis , her second husband . Baskin refuted these claims in a post on Big Cat Rescue 's website . Her catchphrase , `` Hey all you cool cats and kittens ! `` , also became a meme as a result of Tiger King .
Baskin is also well known for her appearance on Dancing with the Stars , featuring her dancing to a cover of the song `` Eye of the Tiger '' . She and her husband Howard also appeared in the 2021 Louis Theroux documentary Shooting Joe Exotic .
Early life
Carole Stairs Jones was born on June 6 , 1961 , on the Lackland Air Force Base in Bexar County , Texas . She expressed an interest in saving cats when she was nine , but she decided against pursuing a career in veterinary medicine after she learned that veterinarians euthanize animals . At age 14 , Baskin reports having been gang raped by three men who lived across the street from her house , claiming that she received no emotional support from her conservative Christian family . She dropped out of high school and left home with a local roller rink employee . Baskin then hitchhiked back and forth between Florida and Bangor , Maine , sleeping under parked cars . She later purchased a Datsun truck and slept in the back with her pet cat .
Career
Animals
At the age of 17 , Baskin worked at a Tampa , Florida , department store . To make money , she began breeding show cats and used llamas for a lawn trimming business . In January 1991 , Baskin married her second husband , Don Lewis , and joined his real estate business . The couple founded Wildlife on Easy Street , an animal sanctuary near Tampa for big cats , in 1992 . Originally , Baskin and her husband bred tiger cubs and show cats , but stopped after realising the harm it was doing the animals .
Baskin remains the current chief executive officer of the sanctuary , which she renamed to Big Cat Rescue sometime after Lewis 's disappearance in 1997 . She has used social media such as Facebook and YouTube and her `` The Cat Chat '' podcast to promote activism against private zoos .
Dancing with the Stars
In 2020 , Baskin was cast in season 29 of Dancing with the Stars . On the series ' September 14 season premiere , she danced a paso doble with partner Pasha Pashkov to Survivor 's `` Eye of the Tiger '' and they received score of a 11 out of a possible 30 , the lowest cumulative score of the evening .
Personal life
Relationships
Baskin moved in with Michael Murdock , her boss at the Tampa department store where she worked , when she was 17 . The couple married on April 7 , 1979 . Baskin has said that she never loved Murdock and married him only because her parents were disappointed that they had been living together outside of marriage . She became pregnant in October 1979 , and daughter Jamie Veronica Murdock was born on July 16 , 1980 .
According to Baskin , in 1981 , when she was 19 , she threw a potato at Murdock as he attempted to attack her . She ran out of their home barefoot and met her next husband , Don Lewis , on 50th Street in Tampa . She and Lewis engaged in an affair while both were still married . She became one of Lewis 's many girlfriends and substantially grew his wealth by helping him buy and sell real estate in 1984 . The pair divorced their respective spouses and subsequently married in 1991 .
According to Baskin , Lewis was obsessed with sex and would frequently fly to Costa Rica , where he had substantial real estate holdings , to have affairstiming the trips for whenever she was menstruating . In July 1997 , Lewis filed a restraining order against Baskin , claiming that she had threatened to kill him ; the restraining order was rejected . Baskin claims that he filed the restraining order because she would haul off some of his `` junk '' property whenever he visited Costa Rica . Lewis continued to live with Baskin afterwards . Lewis told her multiple times that he wanted a divorce , but she did not think he was ever serious about it . She claimed he was diagnosed with bipolar disorder months before he vanished .
Lewis disappeared in August 1997 and was declared legally dead in 2002 . A dispute ensued between Baskin and the children of Lewis over his estate , with Baskin prevailing as the primary beneficiary . The case of Lewis ' disappearance is still active as of 2021 . In September 2020 , during the broadcast of Baskin 's appearances in Dancing with the Stars in select Florida television markets , including Tampa , Lewis 's family and their attorney ran a commercial spot asking for anyone with information on his disappearance to come forward and offered a US $ 100,000 reward .
Carole met Howard Baskin in November 2002 at a kick-off party for the newly formed No More Homeless Pets organization . He joined Big Cat Rescue soon after as chairman of the advisory board . He proposed to her in November 2003 , and they married in November 2004 .
In October 2020 , Baskin came out as bisexual .
Feud with Joe Exotic , appearances in Tiger King and Shooting Joe Exotic
Baskin had a long-running feud with Joe Exotic , the former owner of the Greater Wynnewood Exotic Animal Park in Wynnewood , Oklahoma . The feud began in 2009 when Big Cat Rescue volunteers initiated an email protest campaign against shopping malls that hosted Exotic 's traveling cub-petting shows , prompting many malls to cancel the events . Faced with a loss of income , Exotic responded with a pattern of harassment against Baskin , culminating in rebranding his shows with unlicensed facsimiles of the Big Cat Rescue name and logo and a false Florida phone number ; in response , Baskin pursued legal action , alleging that Exotic 's trademark infringement damaged the reputation of her organization . In 2013 , a court ordered him to pay Baskin $ 1 million in damages , leading to his bankruptcy . In 2020 , he was convicted of attempting to hire a hitman to kill her . Baskin was grateful about his imprisonment , but stated in a video on the Big Cat Rescue website that other big cat owners had been prosecuted as well .
In November 2019 , Universal Content Productions announced that they were adapting a Joe Exotic podcast for television , with Kate McKinnon portraying Baskin . This was released as Joe v Carole on Peacock on March 3 , 2022 . Season 1 Episode 3 alludes to new information of Don Lewis having abused Carole and her minor daughter Jamie years before his disappearance .
In March 2020 , Baskin was featured in the Netflix documentary Tiger King . While filming , she and Howard were told that the series would be `` the big cat version of Blackfish '' and would help stop cub abuse . They were also told that , while Exotic and the disappearance of Don Lewis would be featured in the series , they would not be the focus . Several of the zookeepers featured in the documentary , including Exotic ( who had previously made a diss track referencing Lewis ' disappearance in 2015 ) and Tabraue , believe that she was responsible for Lewis ' disappearance . After Tiger King was released , Baskin was cyberbullied over her speculated involvement in Lewis ' disappearance via Internet memes , including a viral TikTok parody of the Megan Thee Stallion song `` Savage '' referencing Lewis ' disappearance and sung by someone doing an impression of Exotic .
In response , Baskin posted an article on the Big Cat Rescue refuting the claims made about her in Tiger King . She called the documentary `` salacious and sensational '' , and criticized directors Eric Goode and Rebecca Chaiklin . Baskin said that she and her husband felt betrayed by the filmmakers , stating she was told the discussion of Joe Exotic and her missing husband were just for context . In a post on the Big Cat Rescue website , Baskin said that the show `` has a segment [ in the third episode ] devoted to suggesting , with lies and innuendos from people who are not credible , that I had a role in the disappearance of my husband Don 21 years ago '' and that the series `` presents this without any regard for the truth '' . Baskin has never been charged with anything related to Lewis ' disappearance and has always denied having anything to do with it . To defend his wife , Howard released a message on the DailyBigCat YouTube channel , stating that the claims about her being involved in Lewis 's disappearance are `` nonsense '' and that Goode and Chaiklin `` did not care about the animals or the truth '' . In response to Exotic 's supporters who posted `` free Joe Exotic '' , the Baskins remarked , `` If you sincerely believe that a man who shoots five healthy , beautiful , majestic tigers in the head to make money deserves to be free , we are proud to have you as enemies . ''
In June 2020 , a federal judge granted Exotic 's former zoo property to Baskin and Big Cat Rescue on the basis that Exotic fraudulently transferred the zoo 's real estate to his mother to avoid creditors , particularly Baskin 's judgment against him . Jeff Lowe 's zoo operation was given 120 days to vacate the property . After the United States Department of Agriculture suspended the zoo 's license in August 2020 , citing poor veterinary care , Lowe closed the park permanently . Jeff and Lauren Lowe then relocated all of the big cats to Thackerville , Oklahoma , intending to open a new park there , but the U.S. Justice Department filed a lawsuit citing the Lowes ' history of poor animal care ; the park never opened and federal authorities seized all 68 big cats from the Lowes in May 2021 .
In February 2021 , Baskin revealed that she had been asked to feature in a planned second season of the show , but she refused and told the producers to `` lose her number '' . A month later , she was interviewed alongside Howard Baskin by British filmmaker Louis Theroux for the BBC documentary Shooting Joe Exotic , during which they discussed Tiger King and the allegation that Baskin murdered Lewis , which she denied .
On November 1 , 2021 , the Baskins filed a lawsuit against Netflix and Royal Goode Productions over an alleged breach of contract . They claim that their initial release did not grant the producers liberty to produce derivative works or sequels using the original footage shot of Carole and Howard . The lawsuit requested an injunction to stop the release of the film on November 17 , but the same day the suit was filed a U.S. District Judge denied the request . The judge further added that the case would not necessarily entitle the Baskins to financial compensation . The Federal Court in Tampa Bay also denied a preliminary injunction on November 15 , 2021 , just two days before the show 's premiere , after defense attorneys for Netflix said a delay would `` hurt marketing momentum '' and violate the First Amendment , which in this case would be classified `` freedom of the press '' .
Politics
Baskin , through her company Big Cat Rescue , has lobbied Congress to ban the private trade and ownership of exotic cats .
Baskin gave exclusively to Democratic candidates from 2005 to 2016 , but since 2017 a significant majority of her contributions have gone to Republicans . Recent donations to Democrats included 2020 presidential candidate Cory Booker and Baskin 's home Congresswoman Kathy Castor .
Filmography
Television
References
External links
Living people
1961 births
21st-century American businesswomen
21st-century American businesspeople
Activists from Florida
American animal rights activists
American podcasters
American women activists
American women chief executives
American women podcasters
Bisexual women
Businesspeople from Florida
Internet memes introduced in 2020
LGBT businesspeople from the United States
LGBT people from Florida
LGBT people from Texas
People from Bexar County , Texas
Zoo directors
Zoo owners
Victims of cyberbullying
People from Tampa , Florida
Tiger King
21st-century LGBT people
Driggs-Seabury Ordnance Company was founded in 1897 by William H. Driggs and Samuel Seabury , both US Navy officers , in partnership with William 's brother Louis Labadie `` L. L. '' Driggs , originally to produce guns for the US Army and US Navy designed by the partners . After a few reorganizations and an entry into the motor vehicle market , the company reorganized again in 1925 ; its ultimate fate is unclear from references .
History
Driggs-Seabury was preceded by the Driggs-Schroeder series of weapons , designed by W. H. Driggs and Seaton Schroeder in the late 1880s and produced by the American Ordnance Company in the 1890s . Driggs-Seabury incorporated the former Seabury Gun Company at its founding . Driggs-Seabury 's plant was initially in Derby , Connecticut , in the former Brady Manufacturing facility . Although Seabury died in 1902 , followed by Driggs in 1908 , the company continued under the leadership of Driggs ' brother Louis Labadie `` L. L. '' Driggs until at least 1935 . L. L. Driggs was formerly with the American Ordnance Company , manufacturer of Driggs-Schroeder weapons . The company moved production to Sharon , Pennsylvania in 1904 ; the US Rapid Fire Gun and Power Co. acquired the plant in Derby . The company manufactured motor vehicles 1913–15 and 1921–25 , but sold its weapons production and plant in Sharon to Savage Arms in a 1915 merger . Under Savage Arms , the Sharon plant made Lewis guns in World War I . A probably related `` Driggs Ordnance Company '' existed in 1917 . Dropping the Seabury name , Driggs was reconstituted as a motor vehicle manufacturer in New Haven , Connecticut in 1921 , confusingly named `` Driggs Ordnance & Manufacturing Corporation '' . Driggs went into receivership in 1925 due to delivery of inferior taxicabs .
Driggs was reorganized out of receivership as `` Driggs Ordnance and Engineering '' in 1925 . Over the next ten years , with assistance from the War and Navy departments , Driggs attempted to gain foreign orders and resume manufacturing in the United States . These efforts mostly involved anti-aircraft guns , both land and shipboard types , already in service with the United States and made partially with Driggs-designed components . The countries Driggs solicited included Poland , Denmark , Turkey , Greece , Lithuania , Venezuela , Colombia , and Guatemala . The military departments were attempting to increase the munitions manufacturing capacity of the United States , and required Driggs to secure orders of sufficient size to accomplish this before releasing plans of the non-Driggs components of these weapons to Driggs . The attempts to gain foreign orders appear to have been unsuccessful ; in January 1932 L.L . Driggs wrote to the US Army 's Chief of Ordnance that other governments were making even greater efforts on behalf of their companies . The ultimate fate of the Driggs company after 1935 is unclear .
Weapons
Weapons produced by Driggs-Seabury included :
3-inch gun M1898 ( a.k.a . 15-pounder ) , a coast defense weapon for the Army on a retractable `` masking parapet '' carriage , also made by Driggs-Seabury . 120 guns and carriages were built . The weapon 's barrel and breech were later used as the basis for the 3-inch gun M1918 , an anti-aircraft weapon . Due to frequent breakage of the recoil piston rod when fired , the M1898 seacoast weapons were removed from service in the early 1920s .
US Navy 3 '' /23 caliber gun Mark 13 during World War I . This had a semi-automatic horizontal sliding breech block . In this case semi-automatic means the breech opens and the cartridge case is ejected on firing , ready for the next round to be loaded manually .
The Navy 6-pounder Mark 11 and 3-pounder Mark 14 were made by Driggs-Seabury .
Two 6-pounder ( ) Driggs-Seabury guns were adopted by the US Army and designated the M1898 and M1900 . Twenty M1898 and forty M1900 weapons were procured . Seventeen of the M1898 weapons were used on troop transports in the Spanish–American War . For land service , the 6-pounders were on `` parapet '' or `` rampart '' mounts which allowed a wheeled carriage to be fixed to a pintle mount . Some of these weapons were used at coastal forts in limited quantities beginning circa 1900 , usually two per fort , and 12 were at Fort Ruger , Oahu , Hawaii 1915–19 under the Land Defense Project , which also included guns in the Philippines . ( The Marks II and III Driggs-Seabury weapons mentioned in some sources are actually earlier Driggs-Schroeder weapons manufactured by American Ordnance , possibly similar to the Navy Marks 6 and 8 . )
A 3.2-inch field gun was featured in Scientific American in 1898 , possibly an unsuccessful bid and possibly related to a Driggs-Schroeder `` limited recoil '' carriage for the 3.2-inch gun M1890 , submitted to the US Army in 1895 . It was not adopted by the US Army .
The breech mechanisms for the US Navy 3 '' /50 caliber gun Marks 5 and 10 ( the latter used on , whose AA guns were inspected by Turkey in hopes of Driggs gaining sales ) , and the US Army 's 105 mm anti-aircraft gun M3 .
Vehicles
The vehicles produced by Driggs-Seabury and Driggs ( some of which were other manufacturers ' designs ) included :
1913 Twombly cyclecar , a small two-seat automobile . Cyclecars were small , inexpensive vehicles that were popular 1910–29 .
1915 Vulcan Power Wagon truck , rated at three to seven tons depending on model .
1921 Driggs Model D , a coupe .
1923 Driggs taxicab , a version of the Model D built for the Diamond Taxicab Company of New York City . Another successful bidder was Elcar , and an unsuccessful one was Ace . Driggs ' delivery of taxicabs not built to contract specifications caused their 1925 receivership .
Other products
Driggs Ordnance Company advertised a boat engine designed for quiet operation in 1917 .
See also
Driggs Ordnance & Manufacturing Corporation on German Wikipedia
References
External links
Patent for a breech-loading cannon by Samuel Seabury , patented 20 February 1894
US Naval Academy seamanship textbook by Rear Admiral Stephen B. Luce , with Samuel Seabury as a co-author
Obituary of Samuel Seabury , The New York Times 1 June 1902
Photo of 1921 Driggs Model D roadster
Naval artillery
Naval guns of the United States
Artillery of the United States
Coastal artillery
Defunct motor vehicle manufacturers of the United States
Car manufacturers of the United States
Defunct companies based in Connecticut
Defunct companies based in Pennsylvania
1897 establishments in Connecticut
Jerai may refer to :
Mount Jerai
Jerai ( federal constituency ) , represented in the Dewan Rakyat
Jerai ( state constituency ) , formerly represented in the Kedah State Council ( 1955–59 )
Conviction is a British television crime drama that premiered on BBC Three on 7 November 2004 . The six-part series stars William Ash , David Warner , Ian Puleston-Davies , Reece Dinsdale , Nicholas Gleaves , Laura Fraser , Jason Watkins and Zoe Henry .
The series was created and was written by Bill Gallagher ( previously known for Clocking Off and Out of the Blue ) , produced by Red Production Company , and directed by Marc Munden ( Vanity Fair , Canterbury Tales : The Knight 's Tale ) . The producer was Ann Harrison-Baxter ( The Second Coming , The Cops ) , with Nicola Shindler and Gareth Neame as executive producers for Red Production Company and the BBC respectively .
The storyline was later used as the basis for the movie Blood , starring Paul Bettany , Mark Strong and Brian Cox .
Premise
The series is centred on the Fairburn family , all of whom live in an edgy Lancashire town with a growing tendency towards vigilante justice . All three of the Fairburn siblings are involved with law enforcement : brothers Chrissie ( William Ash ) and Ray ( Nicholas Gleaves ) are police officers , while their sister Beth ( Zoe Henry ) works as a lawyer . Beth , Chrissie and Ray 's widowed father Lenny ( David Warner ) is a retired police officer who berates the political correctness of his children 's modern methods : he himself is fighting a losing battle with Alzheimer 's disease and struggling to come to terms with the fact that he can no longer be the strong and authoritative head of the family .
Ray and Chrissie work as officers in a five-person Criminal Investigation Department team . The other members are the solitary but insightful Robert ( Reece Dinsdale ) ; Lucy ( Laura Fraser ) , the newest recruit , with a need to prove herself ; and the volatile family man Joe ( Ian Puleston-Davies ) , an 'old school ' officer with a barely contained temper and a tendency to both bully Chrissie and clash with the `` by-the-book '' Ray .
The murder of a 12-year-old girl adds to existing tensions and pushes an already angry community towards action and revenge . In this atmosphere , the various policemen involved in the murder investigation begin to take increasingly dangerous steps towards concluding the investigation . The situation becomes even more complicated when Beth becomes the defence lawyer for the principal suspect , Jason Buliegh ( Jason Watkins ) . As the distinction between right and wrong becomes fatally blurred , two of the officers take things a step too far .
Background
Conviction was described by the BBC as a drama which `` explores the notion that everyone has the ability to kill and what it is that can trigger that reaction in any of us ( using ) the volatile and dangerous world of the CID as a backdrop to show how a group of very real characters are affected practically , mentally and emotionally by what they have to face on a daily basis . It 's also about the resilience and humour of family and friends as they too deal with the psychological fallout . '' The drama makes multiple uses of flashbacks and fast-forwards , interlinking time and obscuring the line between reality and fantasy .
Executive producer Nicola Shindler recalled `` Bill came up with a basic idea about an incident involving two policemen which severely affects their lives both at work and at home and , from that , we developed the idea about a family who worked in the police station ... I think that Conviction is more of a 'whydunnit ' not 'whodunnit ' because it looks at people 's psyche . It takes apart the idea that there are 'good ' and 'evil ' people in the world – it shows that things are not as black and white as that . ''
Gallagher commented : `` I wanted to write a police drama that I would like to watch . One that would thrill me and disturb me . One that would shake me up and be about subjects that really matter , not just the stories , but the way that the stories are told . I tried to take the characters to places that they would n't want to go , were scared to go and to see what happened . I wanted to try and take a daring and confrontational approach . This was n't me and Marc ( Munden , the director ) indulging some arty idea but looking for ways to crank up the tension , to delight in the storytelling and keep the thing moving at a real pace . Sometimes we have to hang on for two or three scenes until it adds up , 'till the pieces slot together . But when we get there , it 's more fulfilling than having it handed to us on a plate . This series is n't based on any particular crime or case , but on what I feel is in the air , how we react when awful crimes happen . We live in angry times and I wanted to build Conviction around how people feel , how they react , how they relate and why . ''
Producer Ann Harrison-Baxter commented : `` The majority of crime dramas are very black and white , good versus evil , and the police represent good . But life is n't actually like that – it 's very grey in all those areas of morality . Bill has taken a genre and a group of characters that are portrayed in a particular way in British drama , and turns it all on its head ... ( The characters ) are detectives , they work for the police force , but first and foremost they are human beings like you and me and although they are meant to be the upholders of morality and good , they are human and they do have emotions and sometimes those emotions get the better of them . ''
Cast
William Ash as D.C. Chrissie Fairburn
Ian Puleston-Davies as D.C. Joe Payne
Reece Dinsdale as D.C. Robert Seymour
Laura Fraser as D.S . Lucy Romanis
Nicholas Gleaves as D.I . Ray Fairburn
Zoe Henry as Beth Caffrey
David Warner as Lenny Fairburn
Jason Watkins as Jason Bueleigh
Angel Coulby as Gemma Ryan
Linzey Cocker as Miriam Payne
Sarah Kirkman as Lucy Payne
Sharon Duce as Sandra Bueleigh
Jason Done as Sol Draper
Dominique Jackson as Polly Caffrey
Georgia May Foote as Angela Fairley
Jennifer Hennessy as Judy Fairley
Episode list
References
External links
Conviction review at DVD Talk
2004 British television series debuts
2004 British television series endings
2000s British drama television series
BBC television dramas
2000s British crime television series
2000s British television miniseries
Television shows set in Manchester
Television series by Red Production Company
English-language television shows
BBC television miniseries
David Albert DeBusschere ( October 16 , 1940 – May 14 , 2003 ) was an American professional National Basketball Association ( NBA ) player and coach and Major League Baseball ( MLB ) player . He played for the Chicago White Sox of MLB in 1962 and 1963 and in the NBA for the Detroit Pistons from 1962 through 1968 and for the New York Knicks from 1968 to 1974 . He was also the head coach for the Pistons from 1964 through 1967 .
DeBusschere was inducted into the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame in 1983 . In 1996 , DeBusschere was named as one of the 50 greatest players in NBA history . In October 2021 , DeBusschere was again honored as one of the league 's greatest players of all time by being named to the NBA 75th Anniversary Team .
Early life
DeBusschere was born in Detroit to parents Peter Marcell and Dorothy DeBusschere . He attended Austin Catholic Preparatory School and inspired the `` White Shirted Legion '' ( the tradition of wearing white shirts to the school 's games to make fans more visible ) . As a junior , he was named all-state , and in his senior year of 1957–58 , in just the school 's third year of organized basketball , he led his team to the Michigan Class A high school basketball championship , scoring 32 points despite fouling out midway through the fourth quarter as the Friars defeated Benton Harbor High School and DeBusschere 's future NBA rival forward Chet Walker .
College career
DeBusschere starred in both basketball and baseball at the University of Detroit . He averaged 24 points a game in basketball , helping Detroit reach the National Invitation Tournament twice and the NCAA basketball tournament once . He also pitched the Titans to three NCAA baseball tournament berths .
Baseball career
In 1962 , DeBusschere was signed by the Chicago White Sox as an amateur free agent . He was a pitcher for the White Sox from 1962 to 1963 . He pitched a shutout on August 13 , 1963 , against the Cleveland Indians , giving up six hits , one walk and striking out three . In 22 career at-bats , he had only one hit , a single off Bennie Daniels on July 17 , 1963 . He pitched in the White Sox 's minor league system for two more seasons before giving up pitching to focus on both playing and coaching basketball .
He is one of only 13 athletes to have played in both the National Basketball Association and Major League Baseball . The 13 are : Danny Ainge , Frank Baumholtz , Hank Biasatti , Gene Conley , Chuck Connors , DeBusschere , Dick Groat , Steve Hamilton , Mark Hendrickson , Cotton Nash , Ron Reed , Dick Ricketts and Howie Schultz .
Basketball career
Detroit Pistons
DeBusschere was selected by the Detroit Pistons in 1962 NBA draft as a territorial draft selection . During his rookie season , he averaged 12.7 points and 8.7 rebounds per game , and was later named to the NBA All-Rookie Team . However , DeBusschere was injured during his second season and only played in 15 games , resulting in the Pistons finishing with a disappointing record of 23–59 .
In the 1964–1965 season , at the age of 24 , he was given the position of player-coach for the Pistons , and thus became the youngest-ever coach in league history . However , this stint as coach was not successful and he became a full-time player . During the 1968–1969 season , DeBusschere was traded to the New York Knicks for Walt Bellamy and Howard Komives .
While a member of the Pistons , DeBusschere appeared as himself on the April 29 , 1963 episode of the game show To Tell the Truth . He received two votes .
New York Knicks
DeBusschere , along with future Hall of Famers Willis Reed , Bill Bradley and Walt Frazier , became an NBA champion when the Knicks defeated the Los Angeles Lakers in the 1970 NBA Finals . With Earl Monroe in the backcourt , they became champions again in 1973 , beating the Lakers 4–1 in the finals .
DeBusschere was elected to the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame in 1983 after a 12-year career ( 1962–1974 ) in which he averaged 16.1 points and 11 rebounds while being named to eight NBA All-Star teams . He became a member of the NBA 50th Anniversary All-Time Team in 1996 . He was renowned for his physical style of play and tenacious defense , and he was named to the NBA All-Defensive first team six times .
Life after basketball
DeBusschere retired as a player in 1974 , and his no . 22 jersey was retired by the Knicks , though not until many years later ; it is thought the delay was due to his taking a front office job with the rival New York Nets of the American Basketball Association upon his retirement . The next year DeBusschere became the ABA 's commissioner for the 1975–76 season , which would be the last for the league . He helped bring about the merger between the NBA and the ABA that year . He was later the assistant coach and director of basketball operations of the Knicks during the 1980s , when he drafted fellow Knicks legend Patrick Ewing with the first overall selection in 1985 .
DeBusschere and some partners purchased Ring magazine in 1979 .
DeBusschere authored a book entitled The Open Man , a chronicle of the New York Knicks ' 1969–70 championship season .
Death
In May 2003 , DeBusschere collapsed on a Manhattan street from a heart attack and was pronounced dead at New York University Hospital . DeBusschere was interred at Saint Joseph 's Church Cemetery in Garden City , New York . DeBusschere , who lived in Garden City , was survived by his wife , Gerri ( who died of cancer in 2009 ) , sons Peter and Dennis , and daughter Michelle .
In his honor , the University of Detroit Mercy inaugurated the Dave DeBusschere Scholarship in 2003 . It provides support to two student-athletes that must have a minimum grade point average of 3.0 and have demonstrated exceptional leadership skills .
NBA career statistics
Regular season
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' |
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' |Detroit
| 80 || || 29.4 || .430 || || .718 || 8.7 || 2.6 || || || 12.7
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' |
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' |Detroit
| 15 || || 20.3 || .391 || || .581 || 7.0 || 1.5 || || || 8.6
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' |
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' |Detroit
| 79 || || 35.1 || .425 || || .700 || 11.1 || 3.2 || || || 16.7
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' |
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' |Detroit
| 79 || || 34.1 || .408 || || .659 || 11.6 || 2.6 || || || 16.4
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' |
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' |Detroit
| 78 || || 37.1 || .415 || || .705 || 11.8 || 2.8 || || || 18.2
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' |
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' |Detroit
| 80 || || 39.1 || .442 || || .664 || 13.5 || 2.3 || || || 17.9
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' |
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' |Detroit
| 29 || || 37.7 || .447 || || .723 || 12.2 || 2.2 || || || 16.3
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' |
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' |New York
| 47 || || 39.4 || .442 || || .682 || 11.4 || 2.7 || || || 16.4
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; background : # afe6ba ; '' |
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' |New York
| 79 || || 33.3 || .451 || || .688 || 10.0 || 2.5 || || || 14.6
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' |
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' |New York
| 81 || || 35.7 || .421 || || .696 || 11.1 || 2.7 || || || 15.6
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' |
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' |New York
| 80 || || 38.4 || .427 || || .728 || 11.3 || 3.6 || || || 15.4
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; background : # afe6ba ; '' |
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' |New York
| 77 || || 36.7 || .435 || || .746 || 10.2 || 3.4 || || || 16.3
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' |
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' |New York
| 71 || || 38.0 || .461 || || .756 || 10.7 || 3.6 || .9 || .5 || 18.1
|- class= '' sortbottom ''
| style= '' text-align : center ; '' colspan= '' 2 '' |Career
| 875 || || 35.7 || .432 || || .699 || 11.0 || 2.9 || .9 || .5 || 16.1
|- class= '' sortbottom ''
| style= '' text-align : center ; '' colspan= '' 2 '' |All-Star
| 8 || 1 || 20.9 || .457 || || .750 || 6.4 || 1.4 || .1 || .0 || 9.6
Playoffs
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' |1963
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' |Detroit
| 4 || || 39.8 || .424 || || .682 || 15.8 || 1.5 || || || 20.0
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' |1968
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' |Detroit
| 6 || || 43.8 || .425 || || .578 || 16.2 || 2.2 || || || 19.3
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' |1969
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' |New York
| 10 || || 41.9 || .351 || || .820 || 14.8 || 3.3 || || || 16.3
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; background : # afe6ba ; '' |1970
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' |New York
| 19 || || 36.9 || .421 || || .662 || 11.6 || 2.4 || || || 16.1
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' |1971
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' |New York
| 12 || || 40.7 || .416 || || .659 || 13.0 || 1.8 || || || 16.4
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' |1972
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' |New York
| 16 || || 38.5 || .450 || || .750 || 12.1 || 2.3 || || || 16.6
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; background : # afe6ba ; '' |1973
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' |New York
| 17 || || 37.1 || .442 || || .775 || 10.5 || 3.4 || || || 15.6
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' |1974
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' |New York
| 12 || || 33.7 || .380 || || .621 || 8.3 || 3.2 || .6 || .3 || 12.0
|- class= '' sortbottom ''
| style= '' text-align : center ; '' colspan= '' 2 '' |Career
| 96 || || 38.4 || .416 || || .698 || 12.0 || 2.6 || .6 || .3 || 16.0
See also
List of National Basketball Association career rebounding leaders
List of NCAA Division I men 's basketball players with 30 or more rebounds in a game
List of NCAA Division I men 's basketball career rebounding leaders
References
External links
Dave DeBusschere at SABR ( Baseball BioProject )
Dave DeBusschere Legends profile at NBA.com
1940 births
2003 deaths
All-American college men 's basketball players
American Basketball Association executives
American men 's basketball coaches
American men 's basketball players
American people of Belgian descent
Baseball players from Michigan
Basketball coaches from Michigan
Basketball players from Detroit
Catholics from Michigan
Chicago White Sox players
Detroit Pistons draft picks
Detroit Pistons head coaches
Detroit Pistons players
Detroit Mercy Titans baseball players
Detroit Mercy Titans men 's basketball players
Indianapolis Indians players
Major League Baseball pitchers
Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame inductees
National Basketball Association All-Stars
National Basketball Association players with retired numbers
New York Knicks players
Parade High School All-Americans ( boys ' basketball )
Power forwards ( basketball )
Small forwards
The Ring ( magazine ) people
New Noise Designed by a Sadist is the sixth studio album by English industrial rock band Pop Will Eat Itself , released on 3 October 2011 by Cooking Vinyl . It was the band 's first original studio album in over seventeen years , after Dos Dedos Mis Amigos ( 1994 ) .
Musical style
New Noise Designed by a Sadist is said to `` bear all the hallmarks '' of the band 's heyday . The best examples are said to be `` Equal Zero '' , whose `` buzzing guitar hooks , swirling techno bleeps , and clattering beats '' have been said to `` could have sat '' alongside the band 's 1994 collaboration with The Prodigy , `` Their Law '' , and `` Wasted ( Pt . 1 ) '' , whose `` snarling vocals , industrial riffs , and scuzzy guitars '' are reminiscent of John Lydon 's electronica work .
Track listing
All tracks composed by Crabbi ( Graham Crabb ) ; except where indicated
`` Back 2 Business ''
`` Chaos & Mayhem '' ( Adam Mole , Fuzz Townshend )
`` Nosebleeder Turbo TV '' ( Adam Mole , Rice )
`` Captain Plastic ''
`` Mask ''
`` Equal Zero ''
`` Oldskool Cool '' ( Mary Byker , Psychedelic Furs )
`` Seek & Destroy '' ( Adam Mole )
`` Disguise ''
`` Wasted '' ( Part 1 ) ( David Nahmani )
`` Wasted '' ( Reprise )
Personnel
Graham Crabb - vocals , guitar , programming
Mary Byker - vocals
Rob Holliday - additional guitar and bass
Tim Muddiman - bass
Jason Bowld - drums
Steve Monti - additional programming
Leif Kahal - guitar , end solo on `` Oldskool Cool ''
David Nahmani - additional programming on `` Wasted '' ( Part 1 )
References
Pop Will Eat Itself albums
2011 albums
Cooking Vinyl albums
The 1976 Six Hours of Vallelunga was the second round of the 1976 World Championship for Makes . It took place at the Vallelunga Circuit , Italy on 4 April 1976 and was contested by Group 5 Special Production Cars and Group 4 Grand Touring Cars .
Official results
1976 in World Championship for Makes
1976 in Italian motorsport
T7 Combat Car was a prototype United States light tank design of the interwar period . It could run on rubber-tired wheels on roads or mount tracks for cross-country use . Although adequate in some areas , it lacked armament compared to contemporary vehicles and the project was cancelled after only one was built .
Development
In November 1936 , the US Army 's cavalry branch decided to modernize and needed a fully armored vehicle , capable of keeping up with the cavalry and of fulfilling regular combat duties . Prohibited from developing tanks by the National Defense Act of 1920 which defined `` tanks '' as the responsibility of the infantry , the phrase `` combat car '' was used as a legal formality . The T5 Combat Car had been built on similar lines to the infantry 's T2 Light Tank , leading to the M1 Combat Car . After the T4 Combat Car had been tested , the Ordnance Committee recommended working on a road-track convertible tank design . The T6 Combat Car design was cancelled but in November 1936 the Chief of Cavalry ordered that work continue on designing a convertible tank . Designed and built at the Rock Island Arsenal between 1937 and 1938 , the T7 Combat Car was based on the M1 Combat Car but with an extended chassis and a convertible suspension – the ability to travel using wheels or tracks . Theoretically , it was more versatile than a conventional tank , having the ability to move with and without tracks on roads , much like the Christie designed tanks . The main gun of the project was traditional – one .50 cal ( 12.7 mm ) M2 Browning heavy machine gun and three .30 caliber ( 7.62 mm ) M1919 machine guns . However , this armament was useful only against infantry , and was inadequate for use against other tanks of the period .
Description
Since the vehicle was – like the cavalry – expected to drive as much or more on the roads as off , the design featured a wheel-track layout capable of both modes . Given the limitations of that era , it was expected the tires would have greater durability over roads than the tracks themselves . The US Army had already tested and dismissed Christie 's all-steel road-wheel design . In order to avoid that failure , the Combat Car was designed using three big road-wheels with rubber tires that also served as rollers . All six wheels were 38x7 inch pneumatic tires with bullet resistant tubes and were fitted with metal disc supports to help reduce the chance of bullets or shrapnel piercing the tires , potentially disabling the tank .
The vehicle was powered by a 7-cylinder radial engine Continental R-670 , producing 250 horsepower . The four rear wheels were powered and were equipped with brakes . The two front wheels were steerable when driving without tracks . Since the vehicle weighted only 11 tons , it could go as fast as 56 km/h on its tracks and 85 km/h on its wheels . Another advantage was that the external suspension components saved a lot of space inside this small vehicle . The crew consisted of the tank commander , driver , and gunner . The rear wheels were attached to bogies and the construction was generally similar to commercial 3-axle trucks of the period . As a tank , it was not ideal . However , its simple and more promising design was much better received than Christie 's designs .
Test
The only prototype T7 Combat Car ( No . W40223 ) was shipped to Aberdeen Proving Grounds in August 1938 for testing . While it showed good speed and performance , cavalry branch representatives were not significantly impressed . Tests were delayed until 1939 , but they were reasonably successful . The vehicle even participated in the First Army maneuvers at Plattsburgh , New York in 1939 , where the cavalrymen liked it . However , in October 1939 , the cavalry branch formed new requirements for their combat vehicles which specified regular tracked ( not combined ) suspension . The reason for that decision was that the tracks were already available in reasonable quantity and quality and thus there was no need for the complexity and higher cost associated with convertible vehicles . Furthermore , the heavy machine gun was determined insufficient for the role . The ongoing war in Europe at the time proved that , in order for a vehicle to be successful , it needed a proper cannon . In October 1939 , despite its potential , the Mechanized Cavalry Board recommended further development and test of the T7 Combat Car program , and all other such convertible vehicles , be canceled . Thus ended the last wheel-tracked combat vehicle development for the U.S. Army .
See also
SCR-189
List of U.S. military vehicles by supply catalog designation
List of U.S. military vehicles by model number
M2 Light Tank
Notes
References
External links
Tank T7 Combat Car , USA ( in Russian )
T7 Combat Car Lightweight wheel-track tank
Interwar tanks of the United States
Light tanks of the United States
Light tanks of the interwar period
Abandoned military projects of the United States
Trial and research tanks of the United States
Chandar Mahalleh ( , also Romanized as Chandar Maḩalleh ) is a village in Bala Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District , in the Central District of Amol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 850 , in 188 families .
References
Populated places in Amol County
Henning Sirringhaus is Hitachi Professor of Electron Device Physics , Head of the Microelectronics Group and a member of the Optoelectronics Group at the Cavendish Laboratory . He is also a Fellow of Churchill College at the University of Cambridge .
Education
Sirringhaus was educated at ETH Zürich where he was awarded a Bachelor of Science degree and PhD in physics . From 1995-1996 he worked as a postdoctoral research fellow at Princeton University .
Research
Sirringhaus does research on the charge and spin transport and photophysics of organic semiconductors as well as solution-processible inorganic semiconductors including halide perovskites . Sirringhaus leads an active research group with over 30 members including PhD students and postdoctoral researchers .
Awards and honours
Sirringhaus was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in 2009 , his nomination reads :
References
Living people
ETH Zurich alumni
Fellows of Churchill College , Cambridge
Fellows of the Royal Society
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Chaetostomella stigmataspis is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Chaetostomella of the family Tephritidae .
Distribution
Russia , China , Korea , Japan .
References
Tephritinae
Insects described in 1830
Diptera of Asia
was the pen-name of a journalist living in the Empire of Japan during the Meiji period . His real name was Nakata Minoru .
Biography
Kuga was born in Hirosaki , Mutsu Province ( present day Aomori Prefecture ) to the official doctor of the Nambu daimyō of Hirosaki Domain . He attended Miyagi Normal School in Miyagi prefecture , but was forced to quit due to abusive behavior by its principal , a native of Satsuma Province . This marked the start of Kuga 's lifelong opposition to the hanbatsu system and domination of the Meiji government by natives of the former Satsuma and Chōshū domains . After leaving Miyagi , he enrolled in the Law School of the Ministry of Justice . However , he again failed to graduate , having been expelled together with Hara Takashi for a student protest against the school 's room and board policy .
After a short period in Hokkaidō , Kuga returned to Tokyo to study the French language . In 1883 , he started working at the Documentation Bureau of the Grand Council ( Dajōkan ) and there became acquainted with Inoue Kaoru . After the foundation of the cabinet system in 1885 , he became an editing section chief at the Cabinet Gazette Bureau . In 1885 , Kuga translated into Japanese some of the works of French conservative political philosopher Joseph de Maistre . During this period , Kuga 's own political philosophy tended towards opposition to the government 's Europeanization program as epitomized by the Rokumeikan , rejecting the current trend toward blind adulation of all things western , and rejection of Japanese history and Japanese moral values . He resigned from his government post in 1888 .
In April 1888 , Kuga decided to publish a newspaper called , but due to reader confusion with the similarly named commercial newspaper , he changed the name in 1889 to simply . The newspaper was a platform for Kuga 's blend of idealistic Japanese nationalism and liberalism , which has been labelled Nihon-shugi . Kuga wrote :
If a nation wishes to stand among the great powers and preserve its national independence , it must strive always to foster nationalism ( `` kokuminshugi '' ) ... If the culture of one country is so influenced by another that its completely loses its own unique character , that country will surely lose its independent footing .
Kuga used his newspaper to attack both political conservatives and entrenched bureaucracy in the government . As a result , it was a lightning rod drawing the wrath of government censors , but it also gained a wide readership . Between 1889 and 1896 , government censors shut down Kuga 's newspaper thirty times for a total of 260 days . Kuga 's editorials on political morals influenced Tokyo Imperial University law professor Tatsukichi Minobe in the development of his controversial political theory , wherein he postulated that Emperor of Japan was an `` organ '' of government , existing for the welfare of the people and not with absolute arbitrary political power .
Kuga continued to serve as the president and main writer of the newspaper until he fell ill in 1906 of tuberculosis .
Kuga relocated from Tokyo to Kamakura , but his health failed to recover , and he died in 1907 .
References
Notes
External links
National Diet Library Bio & Photo
Kuga 's Commentaries on the Constitution of the Empire of Japan / Barbara J. Teters , The Journal of Asian Studies Vol . 28 , No . 2 ( Feb. , 1969 ) , pp . 321-337 ( 17 pages ) Published By : Association for Asian Studies
1857 births
1907 deaths
People from Hirosaki
People of Meiji-period Japan
Japanese journalists
20th-century deaths from tuberculosis
Tuberculosis deaths in Japan
Pietro Paolo Caravaggio ( 1617 - 1688 ) or Petro Paulo Caravagio was an Italian mathematician .
Life
Citizen of the Duchy of Milan during the Spanish domination , he was a professor of mathematics at the Palatine School and a close friend of the poet and mathematician Tommaso Ceva .
He is well known for the work In geometria male restaurata that he dedicated to king Philip IV of Spain , in which he introduces geometry as the queen of arts , architecture , industry , and domain of the territory .
Works
References
Italian mathematicians
The Episcopal Church of the Mediator is an Episcopal parish church in the Kingsbridge section of The Bronx , New York .
The parish was formed on August 15 , 1855 , as The Church of the Mediator , Yonkers . Two years later , the first church for the parish was constructed at the cost of $ 5,000 . The church was consecrated by Bishop Horatio Potter on November 6 , 1864 .
In 1902 , the parish opted to create a new church . Henry Vaughan , the architect who designed the Washington National Cathedral , designed the church in a neo-Gothic style . The cornerstone bears the date 1911 . This church was consecrated in 1927 by Bishop William Thomas Manning , who called it `` the little cathedral of the Bronx '' in reference to its size , design , and architectural details .
The church incorporates Tiffany favrile glass windows , including an unusual variant on the `` Jesus Blessing the Little Children '' Tiffany Studios design by artist Frederick Wilson , two large terra-cotta panels by George Tinworth , and a massive narthex window featuring figures of Jane Addams and Booker T. Washington . The church also features a Skinner organ .
The Episcopal Church of the Mediator is home to the Corlear Sycamore , also known as the Sister Tree , which is considered to be among the oldest and largest trees in The Bronx . The property currently hosts the Kingsbridge community refrigerator and environmental ministry , and houses several community outreach programs .
References
Campbell , Rev . John ( Rector ) : HISTORY OF THE CHURCH OF THE MEDIATOR ( 1858 - 1909 ) . New York , 1910 . 92 pages . Frontispiece : Line drawing of `` NEW CHURCH OF THE MEDIATOR KINGSBRIDGE AVENUE , NEW YORK CITY ( in course of construction ) ''
Episcopal church buildings in the Bronx
Kingsbridge , Bronx
The 2001–02 SM-liiga season was the 27th season of the SM-liiga , the top level of ice hockey in Finland . 13 teams participated in the league , and Jokerit Helsinki won the championship .
Regular season
Playoffs
Quarterfinals
Tappara - Blues 3:0 ( 3:1 , 5:2 , 3:1 )
HPK - Ilves 3:0 ( 4:1 , 6:1 , 5:1 )
Jokerit - Kärpät 3:1 ( 6:2 , 3:5 , 3:0 , 5:1 )
TPS - Pelicans 3:1 ( 4:1 , 4:5 P , 3:2 P , 2:0 )
Semifinals
HPK - Jokerit 1:3 ( 4:3 , 2:3 , 2:3 P , 0:1 )
Tappara - TPS 3:0 ( 3:1 , 3:1 , 2:1 P )
3rd place
HPK - TPS 3:1 (
Final
Tappara - Jokerit 1:3 ( 5:4 , 1:3 , 2:3 , 1:2 )
External links
SM-liiga official website
1
Finnish
Liiga seasons
Edouard Trebaol ( 20 May 1905 – 11 October 1935 ) was an American actor .
Biography
Trebaol was the son of French immigrants . There were a total of 13 children in the Trebaol family , all of whom are believed to have acted in Hollywood during the silent era . Their mother worked as an extra . Trebaol appeared in at least eight films between 1919 and 1923 , first appearing as an orphan in the 1919 adventure film Jinx . His most notable role was as the Artful Dodger in Oliver Twist ( 1922 ) starring Jackie Coogan and Lon Chaney . His last film appearance was in the 1923 Ruth Roland serial , Haunted Valley .
He later became an electrician in a Culver City studio , dying from a fall at the studio on 10 October 1935 . One of his brothers , Reverend Herve Trebaol of Ontario , performed the service .
Filmography
Jinx ( 1919 )
The Penalty ( 1920 )
Honest Hutch ( 1920 )
Get-Rich-Quick Edgar ( 1920 )
Edgar 's Feast Day ( 1921 ) Edgar the Detective ( 1921 ) Oliver Twist ( 1922 ) Haunted Valley ( 1923 )
References
Bibliography
John Holmstrom , The Moving Picture Boy : An International Encyclopaedia from 1895 to 1995 '' , Norwich , Michael Russell , 1996 , p. 25 .
External links
1905 births
American male film actors
American male silent film actors
Male actors from Hollywood , Los Angeles
20th-century American male actors
1935 deaths
Aloeides quickelbergei , the Quickelberge 's copper , is a butterfly of the family Lycaenidae . It is found in South Africa , where it is known from mountain slopes in the southern Western Cape .
The wingspan is 24–26 mm for males and 25–28 mm females . Adults are on wing from November to January . There is one generation per year .
References
Butterflies described in 1968
Aloeides
Endemic butterflies of South Africa
Brittany Lynn Raymond ( born February 24 , 1995 ) is a Canadian actress and dancer . She is best known for her role as Riley in the Family Channel series The Next Step and Cori Ross in the USA Network series , Dare Me .
Career
From 2013 to 2017 , she starred in the Family Channel series The Next Step , portraying the role of Riley . As part of promotion for the series , she has performed in Canada , the United Kingdom , Australia , and New Zealand . From 2015 to 2016 , she portrayed Riley in the spinoff series , Lost & Found Music Studios . In 2019 , she reprised her role of Riley for The Next Step Christmas Special , airing on CBBC Gem , and began appearing in the USA Network series Dare Me as Cori Ross .
Aside from being a dancer , she also writes often and helped co-write the scripts for two web-series she was in : Australianaire $ and Graped . She starred in each of these alongside friend and business partner whom she started the production company `` Knuckles on Four '' with , Brennan Clost . The two have produced a six-episode mini web-series , Australianaire $ in 2020 as well as a short film , Almost Twenty , in 2021 .
In 2016 , she started the YouTube channel , `` Jo and Britt '' with high school friend Joelle Farrow , whom she met in Grade 12 Writer 's Craft Class , bonding over Shaquan Lewis . The two did promotional events and had sponsorships with Google through their Pixel Phone . They also went to the UK for meet and greets to interact more with fans . In the time that Jo and Britt was running , they created merch , ( clothing , notebooks , and phone cases ) on their Threadless website .
Personal life
Raymond was born on February 24 , 1995 , in Brampton , Ontario , to parents , Paula and John Raymond , alongside older sister Samantha . Her mother is of Portuguese descent . She danced at Joanne Chapman School of Dance , where she mastered her art . She moved to Georgetown , Ontario , when she booked The Next Step at age 17 after dancing competitively since the age of six .
At the end of 2016 , she was diagnosed with Crohn 's disease , where she had to have a surgery to remove part of her intestine . Currently , she is in remission . During that time , she took up knitting and writing more . She has been dating Benjamin Dunlop , a photographer from Brisbane , Australia since they met at the 5th Canadian Screen Awards in 2017 , when she won the Best Performance in a Children 's or Youth Program or Series award for her role as Riley in The Next Step . The two live in an apartment overlooking Downtown Toronto with their cat Sauble .
Filmography
Awards and nominations
She is a two-time Canadian Screen Award nominee for Best Performance in a Children 's or Youth Program or Series , receiving nominations at the 3rd Canadian Screen Awards in 2015 and at the 5th Canadian Screen Awards in 2017 for The Next Step . She won the award in 2017 .
References
External links
Canadian television actresses
1995 births
Actresses from Ontario
Canadian female dancers
Canadian people of Portuguese descent
People from Brampton
Living people
Canadian Screen Award winners
People with Crohn 's disease
The Spice Trail is a British television documentary series first broadcast on BBC Two in 2011 looking at the discovery and history of spices . Presented by Kate Humble , she travels around the world to see how spices are made and investigates their history . She also tells stories and interviews the people from the areas of their origin . The series looks at how local economies are built upon the income from the spices and the threats to these economies such as disease , globalisation and fakes .
Episodes
Episode one : `` Pepper and Cinnamon ''
In the first half we visit India to look at Pepper and find out that Black pepper corns are traditionally sun dried . We are told that White pepper is soaked and de-husked to make it milder . Green pepper is mentioned but not explained and Red is not mentioned at all . We see how the corns are removed by being trodden on and massaged by bare feet . We see the devastation a Fungal disease has brought to what was once the primary area of production . We also see the silent and secret negotiation language of the buyers and sellers who use their hands under a cloth to negotiate without the need for a spoken language ( a kind of Tactile signing ) .
In the second half we see small Cinnamon trees being cut in Sri Lanka . The outer Bark is scraped by hand and the inner bark is then carefully removed with a knife . The best parts are used to create an outer sheaf and the other parts are placed within . These outer sheaves are joined to each other and overlap slightly to create a standard length stick or rod known as a quill . The sticks are then rolled daily as they dry and are tied into bundles for trading and transport .
Episode two : `` Nutmeg and Cloves ''
In this programme we visit the Spice Islands in Indonesia , the original home of these two spices . In the first half we look at nutmeg and discover it has many layers . There is the outer fruit which is used for jam . When ripe the fruit opens revealing a red nut and this is the best time to pick it we are told . However in the program we see examples of fruit being cut open when it has been picked early . We see the outer red skin of the nut being removed and dried to create mace . The inner skin or black shell of the nut is then removed and discarded and what is left is the hard brown `` nut '' we call nutmeg . We also find out that Almond trees are important for shade and a species of Dove is responsible for planting most of the almonds trees and nutmeg trees .
The second half of the programme looks at Cloves . We are introduced to the pink flower buds on the tall trees and are told that the best cloves are pink and not yet opened . A mixture of long poles , rope pulling and tree climbing are used so the pickers can collect the clusters of buds from all over the trees . Back on the ground the individual cloves are snapped off from the bud cluster and they are sun dried in the streets . The rest of the bud cluster ( stalks and a few small young leaves ) are used as an additive to Tobacco , and we see Kate attempting , after much effort , to make a Herbal cigarette .
Episode three : `` Vanilla and Saffron ''
In the first half the programme looks at Saffron . We visit the Berbers of Morocco , the origin of saffron to see the purple Crocus flowers growing in what looks like a desert . The fields are irrigated with water channels dug into the ground and Sheep dung is carried by the water to fertilize at the same time . The harvest lasts no more than a month and the flowers are picked early every morning . Each bulb produces four flowers each season . During the day , the Stamens are removed and it is a social event like the picking which involves almost everyone in the village . The stamens are dried . We are told that red is the best and the deeper the red the better the saffron . Handling the flowers gives people purple fingers and the people in the area are generous with their saffron using it in drinks and a wide range of cuisine .
The programme then moves to Spain which was so suitable for saffron that it became the saffron capital of the world after being conquered by the Muslims . We are told that saffron from all over the world is now brought there and traded . With saffron being so expensive it is often diluted with other spices ( such as turmeric ) , stamens from other plants or species and even plastic and other contaminants . We got to visit one of the laboratories which does DNA testing and Spectrum analysis as it seeks to maintain the high quality of saffron and to protect it from fraud and impurities which would devalue the genuine product .
In the second half of the program we discover that Vanilla is a Mexican spice . The Pollination is performed by the Melipona bee that is native to Mexico and we find that it was not possible to grow vanilla elsewhere in the world until a slave boy discovered how to self-pollinate the plants . Once artificial pollination was discovered the price collapsed and the vanilla trade in Mexico is now greatly reduced compared to what it used to be . We are told that vanilla is an orchid but also a vine . We get to see a vanilla flower being self-pollinated and are told they are only open for a few hours . It takes 9 months for the pods to develop and another 9 months for them to dry and cure . The best pods have crystals on them .
Reviews
Most of the reviews found Humble to be enthusiastic and sincere and show was liked by many of the reviewers . However , others found the show to be repetitive and found Kate to be patronising .
The Guardian found the show `` interesting '' and repetitive and warned Kate not to read the review because they were `` going to be mean and horrid '' to her .
Then Kate goes to Sri Lanka and does the same with cinnamon . Oooh , can I have a go , let me try , oh I 'm rubbish at it , and you 're amazing , ha ha ha .
The Independent were `` in love '' with Kate and found her to be enthusiastic and compared her to a head girl .
One of the things that made The Spice Trail so watchable was the enthusiasm – the effusiveness – of all involved . No one looked like they 'd been kowtowed into it by some executive . They all seemed to be genuinely engaged . And so it was that , not only did we meet the buyers and sellers of the spices in question , but we got to go into people 's homes and hear about their families .
The Mirror was more balanced , calling her enthusiastic in her efforts to engage with the locals and sincere as she states the obvious .
And it 's lucky for Kate that our favourite flavourings originate in some of the most beautiful spots in the world .
Metro focused their review on the problems the growers face and consider Kate to be patronising and mention a Blue Peter style of reporting .
Though every so often , she took a nibble out of a hard-edged news story – the disease wrecking India 's pepper crops and driving farmers to suicide , the rip-off deals that turn spice workers into virtual slaves – she quickly skipped merrily on , playing the colonial grande dame out to charm the exotic locals .
The Express gave a factual account of the show and made it one of their `` picks of the day ''
KATE Humble travels along India 's fascinating Spice Coast to uncover the story of pepper , once known as black gold .
References
External links
Spices
Food travelogue television series
2011 in British television
BBC television documentaries
Robert C. Green is an American medical geneticist , physician , and public health researcher . He directs the Genomes2People Research Program in translational genomics and health outcomes in the Division of Genetics at Brigham and Women 's Hospital and the Broad Institute , and is Director of the Preventive Genomics Clinic at Brigham and Women 's Hospital . Research led by Green includes clinical and research aspects of genomic and precision medicine , including the development and disclosure of Alzheimer 's disease risk estimates ( the REVEAL Study ) and one of the first prospective studies of direct-to-consumer genetic testing services ( the PGen Study ) . He has studied the implementation of medical sequencing in healthy adults ( the MedSeq Project ) , newborns ( the BabySeq Project ) , and active duty military personnel ( the MilSeq Project ) . As of 2020 , he is leading the first research collaboration to explore return of genomic results and better understand penetrance in a population-based cohort of underrepresented minorities . He has led the Preventive Genomics Clinic at Brigham and Women 's Hospital since its creation in 2019 .
Education
Green was born in Richmond , Virginia , and attended Amherst College and the University of Virginia School of Medicine , and earned a Masters of Public Health in Epidemiology from Emory University School of Public Health . He completed a residency in neurology at Harvard Medical School 's Longwood Neurology Program , and research fellowships at Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center and Boston Children 's Hospital . Green is board-certified in neurology and medical genetics . He was previously on the faculty at Emory University School of Medicine and the Boston University School of Medicine .
Genomic Research Projects and Contributions
Green served as Principal Investigator of the Risk Evaluation and Education for Alzheimer 's Disease ( REVEAL ) Study , which explored the behavioral , and health-related impact of disclosing genetic risk for Alzheimer 's disease . The study was a series of multi-site , randomized , controlled clinical trials that provide empirical data to address ethical , social and translational issues in genetic susceptibility testing for common diseases .
Green also co-led ( with J. Scott Roberts , Ph.D. ) the Impact of Personal Genomics ( PGen ) Study , one of the first to investigate the characteristics of consumers ; the behavioral and health impact ; and the translational and social issues associated with personal genomic testing services . He co-led the incidental findings working group for the American College of Medical Genetics and Genomics and was lead author on the controversial recommendations for reporting incidental and secondary findings in clinical exome and genome sequencing . Green also contributed to the design of a variant classification pipeline , and a single page summary for reporting clinically relevant results of whole genome sequencing to physicians .
Green currently leads and co-leads the first NIH funded randomized trials of sequencing in adults ( MedSeq Project ) , newborns ( BabySeq Project ) , and active duty US military personnel ( MilSeq Project ) . With continuous funding from NIH for 26 years , he has published more than 300 papers with an h index of 90 .
Green co-chaired the Steering Committee of both the Clinical Sequencing Exploratory Research program ( 18 NIH grants , over 300 investigators ) , and the Steering Committee of the Newborn Sequencing in Genomic Medicine and Public Health program ( 4 NIH grants , over 100 investigators ) . He is a currently a co-investigator on the Boston site within the Electronic Medical Records and Genomics Network
( eMERGE ) . He is Associate Director for Research of Partners HealthCare Personalized Medicine , and is leading the development of protocols for return of genomic results for the All of Us ( initiative ) Research Program of the United States Precision Medicine Initiative and the Google/Verily Project Baseline Study .
Professional Affiliations and Awards
Green directs the Genomes2People Research Program at Brigham Health and is the founding director of the Brigham Preventive Genomics Clinic . He is Associate Director for Research of Partners HealthCare Personalized Medicine and a member of the Executive Committee for the Partners BioBank . He is a Board Member of the Council for Responsible Genetics . He was previously co-chair of the Steering Committee of the NIH Consortium in Newborn Sequencing in Genomic Medicine and Public Health ( NSIGHT ) . Green is a member of the Consortium on Electronic Medical Records and Genomics ( eMERGE ) . He served on the Institute of Medicine Committee on the `` Evidence Base for Genetic Testing , '' and has collaborated on research studies with Illumina ( company ) , 23andMe , Pathway and Google .
Green received the 2014 Coriell Award for Scientific Achievement in Personalized Medicine . BIS Research named Green one of the 25 most influential voices in precision medicine in 2019 .
References
Living people
American geneticists
Harvard Medical School faculty
Amherst College alumni
University of Virginia School of Medicine alumni
1954 births
Rollins School of Public Health alumni
Daniel Siebert ( born 4 May 1984 ) is a German football referee who is based in Berlin . He referees for FC Nordost Berlin of the Berlin Football Association . He is a FIFA referee , and is ranked as a UEFA elite category referee .
Refereeing career
Siebert , referee of the club FC Nordost Berlin , has been officiating since 1998 . In 2007 , he was appointed as a DFB referee . Siebert made his premiere in the 2 . Bundesliga in 2009 . He was appointed as a Bundesliga referee for the 2012–13 season , and made his first top-flight appearance in the match between Schalke 04 and FC Augsburg on 1 September 2012 , issuing three yellow cards .
On 24 October 2014 , it was announced Siebert would replace Wolfgang Stark as a FIFA referee in 2015 . This made Siebert the youngest of the ten German FIFA referees .
Siebert made his international debut on 29 May 2015 when he officiated the 2015 UEFA European Under-19 Championship qualification match between Portugal and Turkey . The first senior international match Siebert officiated was a friendly match between Luxembourg and Moldova on 9 June 2015 .
Siebert has officiated 3 matches during the 2020 European Championship . He oversaw the Group D Scotland–Czech Republic fixture , the Group E Sweden–Slovakia match , and the Round of 16 game between Wales and Denmark .
He whistled 4 matches of the 2021 FIFA Arab Cup such as the final match between Tunisia and Algeria .
Personal life
Siebert was born in Berlin , where he still lives . He works as a teacher part-time at a sports school in Berlin .
References
External links
Profile at dfb.de
Profile at worldfootball.net
1984 births
Living people
German football referees
UEFA Champions League referees
Sportspeople from Berlin
UEFA Euro 2020 referees
2022 FIFA World Cup referees
FIFA World Cup referees
Temperature 's Rising is a compilation album released in 1995 by the Canadian rock band Loverboy . The album was the third compilation by the band , but this particular compilation aimed at the more rarely heard songs by the band , and the minor hits that the previous compilations did not cover .
Track listing
Personnel
Mike Reno - lead vocals
Paul Dean - guitar , backing vocals
Doug Johnson - keyboards
Scott Smith - bass
Matt Frenette - drums
Bruce Fairbairn - producer
1995 compilation albums
Loverboy albums
Albums produced by Bruce Fairbairn
Sony Music Canada compilation albums
The women 's discus throw event at the 1994 World Junior Championships in Athletics was held in Lisbon , Portugal , at Estádio Universitário de Lisboa on 23 and 24 July .
Medalists
Results
Final
24 July
Qualifications
23 Jul
Group A
Group B
Participation
According to an unofficial count , 21 athletes from 18 countries participated in the event .
References
Discus throw
Discus throw at the World Athletics U20 Championships
Alan William Gilbertson ( 6 December 1927 – 7 May 2009 ) was a New Zealand cricketer . He played eight first-class matches for Otago between 1951 and 1954 .
Gilbertson was born at Invercargill in Southland in 1927 , the son of James Gilbertson and nephew of John Gilbertson , both of whom had played first-class cricket for Southland . Like his father , he worked as a builder . He set a seventh wicket record partnership of 182 runs for Otago , batting with Bert Sutcliffe in 1952–53 .
References
External links
1927 births
2009 deaths
New Zealand cricketers
Otago cricketers
Cricketers from Invercargill
Henry Airay ( 6 October 1616 ) , was an Anglican priest , theologian , and academic .
Airay was born at Kentmere , near Kendal , Westmorland . His date of birth is uncertain . His father was William Airay , a favored servant of Bernard Gilpin , `` the apostle of the North '' . Gilpin generously agreed to send Henry and his brother Evan ( or Ewan ) to Gilpin 's own endowed school , where they were educated `` in grammatical learning , '' and were in attendance at Oxford when Gilpin died . From Wood 's Athenae Oxonienses we glean the details of Airay 's college attendance :
His transference to Queen 's is perhaps explained by its having been Gilpin 's college , and by his Westmorland origin giving him a claim on Eaglesfield 's foundation . He graduated B.A . on 19 June 1583 , M.A . on 15 June 1586 , B.D . in 1594 and D.D . on 17 June 1600 — all in Queen 's College . `` About the time he was master '' ( 1586 ) `` he entered holy orders , and became a frequent and zealous preacher in the university . ''
His Commentary on the Epistle to the Philippians ( 1618 , reprinted 1864 ) is a specimen of his preaching before his college , and of his fiery denunciation of Roman Catholicism and his fearless enunciation of that Calvinism which Oxford in common with all England then prized . In 1598 he was chosen provost of his college , and in 1606 was named vice-chancellor of the university . In the discharge of his vice-chancellor 's duties he came into conflict with Laud , Archbishop of Canterbury , who was beginning to manifest his antagonism to Calvinism .
Airay was also rector of Otmore ( or Otmoor ) , near Oxford , a living which involved him in a trying but successful litigation , whereof later incumbents reaped the benefit . He died on 6 October 1616 , and was buried in the Queen 's Chapel . His character as a man , preacher , divine , and as an important ruler in the university , will be found portrayed in the Epistle by Christopher Potter , prefixed to the Commentary .
References
External links
People from Kendal
English Reformation
Alumni of The Queen 's College , Oxford
Fellows of The Queen 's College , Oxford
1560 births
1616 deaths
16th-century Protestants
English male non-fiction writers
17th-century Calvinist and Reformed theologians
16th-century English writers
16th-century male writers
17th-century English writers
17th-century English male writers
English Calvinist and Reformed theologians
USS Elk ( IX-115 ) , an Armadillo-class tanker designated an unclassified miscellaneous vessel , was the second ship of the United States Navy to be named for the elk , a large deer of the northern forests of Europe , Asia , and North America . Her keel was laid down by California Shipbuilding Corporation , in Wilmington , Los Angeles , as William Winter for the Maritime Commission . She was launched on 6 November 1943 sponsored by Mrs. H. H. Hall , delivered direct to the Navy 26 November 1943 , and commissioned the same day .
Elk sailed from San Pedro , Los Angeles , on 12 January 1944 for Kwajalein where she served from 19 February to 19 April as station tanker to fuel ships in the assault and occupation of the Marshall Islands . Mooring to Majuro , she fueled combatant ships at this base until June , then carried petroleum products between Majuro , Kwajalein , and Eniwetok to support the Marianas operation . From 26 June she was based again on Majuro , providing fuel for destroyers of the Security Patrol who guarded the waters around the bypassed , enemy-held islands of Wotje , Mili , and Jaluit .
After a fueling assignment at Tarawa in September 1944 , Elk reported to the advance fleet base at Ulithi on 15 October and there began the vital task of fueling the ships of the fast-moving Third Fleet and Fifth Fleet for their far-ranging air and surface strikes against Japanese bases . In April 1945 she arrived at Okinawa to fuel the destroyers of the radar picket line . When hostilities ceased , Elk was at Leyte preparing to sail with a convoy to Okinawa . In September she arrived at Sasebo , Japan , to serve in the occupation . Elk returned to the United States in early 1946 , was decommissioned at Norfolk , Virginia , on 17 May 1946 , and reverted to the Maritime Commission 20 May 1946 . Elk received one battle star for World War II service .
Post war
She was purchased in 1949 by Maris Transportation System with T. J. Stevenson & Company as the operator . In 1951 was sold and renamed Seapearl , in 1953 was sold and renamed Korthi , in 1957 was sold and renamed Aandros County , in 1960 was sold and renamed Kalamas , on Sept. 3 , 190 ran ashore near Cape Arago Lighthouse , Oregon . In 1962 scrapped Oakland , California .
References
External links
photo gallery at navsource.org
Liberty ships
Ships built in Los Angeles
Armadillo-class tankers
1943 ships
Frank Morris Perry ( 28 March 1925 – 19 September 2021 ) was a British actor , best known for his roles on television .
Perry was born in Bromley , Kent , England . His TV credits include City Beneath the Sea , The Avengers , Z-Cars , Champion House , The Champions , The Persuaders ! , Doctor Who ( in the serial Colony in Space ) , Doomwatch , Special Branch , The Sweeney , Survivors , The Professionals , Secret Army , Reilly , Ace of Spies , The Bill , Midsomer Murders and Not Going Out . His film credits include Nothing But the Night ( 1973 ) , One Hour to Zero ( 1976 ) , Sweeney ! ( 1977 ) , The Human Factor ( 1979 ) , Silver Dream Racer ( 1980 ) , The Bunker ( 1981 ) and Crush ( 2001 ) . In 2004 he appeared in the BAFTA award-winning short film Letters of Service .
In 1953 , Perry wed British actress Margaret Ashcroft , and they remained married until her death in 2016 . They had four children .
Perry died on 19 September 2021 , at the age of 96 .
Filmography
References
External links
1925 births
2021 deaths
20th-century English male actors
21st-century English male actors
English male film actors
English male television actors
Male actors from Kent
People from Bromley
Storm Jeanett ( also written as Jeanette ) was a strong extratropical cyclone and European windstorm which affected much of northwest Europe on 27–28 October 2002 . The storm brought strong winds and heavy rainfall , with wind speeds reaching up to uprooting trees , smashing cars and damaging buildings . The storm was responsible for a total of 33 deaths across Europe , including Britain , the Netherlands , France , Austria , Belgium , Denmark , Poland , Switzerland and Sweden . The majority of the fatalities were caused by falling trees .
In the United Kingdom , wind gusts between were recorded with a gust of reported at Mumbles South Wales . In terms of wind speed , it was the biggest storm in the United Kingdom since Cyclone Oratia in October 2000 , with the Royal Netherlands Meteorological Institute ( KNMI ) describing it as the most severe storm since the Burns ' Day storm of 1990 .
Meteorological history
Jeanett formed in the Atlantic to the south of Newfoundland following behind the path of an earlier low , Irina on 25 October . The low did not explosively deepen , but saw two phases of deepening first on 25 October , with a second deepening phase while crossing the UK 27 October . The low rapidly moved across the North Atlantic , passing over Northern Ireland early in the morning 27 October , before crossing over northern England and the North Sea to lie over the Southern Baltic Sea close to the Swedish island of Gotland 24 hours later . Jeanett developed features of a sting jet as it crossed Britain .
Jeanett was preceded by a period of high winds on 12–14 October .
Impact
Strong winds of over were experienced inland , and in coastal regions winds of over were reported . The strong winds were accompanied by heavy rainfall , with subsequent flooding resulting in several evacuations . Flood warnings were issued for across much of Scotland , and northern and eastern parts of England . The highest gust was reported at the exposed coastal location of The Needles at , Return periods of winds experienced were around 10–15 years in the London area for both the highest mean hourly winds and maximum gust speeds . East Anglia also saw return periods of around 10–15 years for highest mean winds and between 5–15 years for maximum gust speeds .
The worst wind related damage was experienced across Wales , the English Midlands and into the Netherlands and onto western Germany . At least 33 people were killed across Europe , with seven fatalities in the United Kingdom . Flights from all the London and Midlands airports were cancelled with many railway services also cancelled as a result of a combination of downed trees and debris on the lines , and damage to overhead power lines . The passenger ferry Pride of Portsmouth collided with HMS St Albans in Portsmouth Harbour as the ship was buffeted while turning across the winds .
In the Netherlands , the storm left four people dead . Amsterdam 's Schiphol airport was closed , and damage was caused to Amsterdam Centraal railway station . The strong winds caused damage from Frankfurt to Hamburg in Germany , where there were eleven fatalities as a result of the storm . Rail services across Germany were severely disrupted as well as flights , and fallen trees were widespread . The German state of North Rhine-Westphalia was particularly affected with half the deaths reported here . In the state the World Heritage Site of Cologne cathedral was damaged by the high winds . The German insurance company Allianz estimated that it would pay out around €80 million ( US $ 78 million ) . According to reports four fatalities occurred in France and a further two in Belgium in storm related incidents .
Aftermath
The storm resulted in over 30 deaths , many of which were the result of falling trees . Significant damage to property occurred over a wide area , but the most significant effect of the storm was the problems resulting for communications and transport networks throughout Europe . In the UK , the gales brought down power lines , leaving 300,000 homes without electricity in the UK alone . Transportation of all kinds was affected in the UK , France , Germany , Austria and The Netherlands . Damaged power lines and tracks blocked by falling trees affected rail services throughout Europe , while on the roads , commuters faced long delays .
The Eurostar service between London and the continent was halted due to a technical problem , as salt from the sea picked up by the wind was deposited on the isolators that connect the trains to the power cables . The conductive salt left trains unable to operate until after a thorough cleaning operation had been completed after the storm 's passage . In the far north , a ferry carrying 80 passengers was stranded for 80 hours after it failed to land at Lerwick in the Shetland Isles . Heathrow airport saw over 60 flights cancelled on 27 October .
Jeanett 's winds gusted up to , causing widespread damage to the electricity distribution network in England and Wales . Up to two million customers were affected by loss of electricity supply at some point because of the storms , with supplies in East Anglia , South West England and West Wales being particularly disrupted . Most customers were reconnected within 18 hours , but the Department of Trade and Industry estimated that nearly 10,000 customers were still without power on 1 November . Supplies were not fully restored in the worst affected area , served by EDF Energy 's subsidiary company 24seven , until Tuesday 5 November , 10 days later .
The catastrophe risk modeling firm EQECAT estimated the insured loss for `` Jeanette '' to be in excess of €1 billion . The most severe losses were expected in the United Kingdom , Germany and The Netherlands , with further substantial losses in the UK , France , Austria , Poland , Czech Republic and Slovakia . Total economic losses from the storm were estimated to be twice this figure . Damage caused by the stormy weather in the United Kingdom was estimated to cost up to £50 million ( US $ 75 million ) , according to the Association of British Insurers . The British Insurance Brokers ' Association ( BIBA ) estimated that claims could reach £200 million ( $ 300 million ) .
When compared to other autumn storms affecting southern England during the previous 40 years , the Jeanett storm ranks first
when looking at the number of weather stations which recorded a wind gust over .
External links
Met Office , Strong Winds - 27 October 2002
Météo France : Tempête Jeannett du 27 octobre 2002 ( In French )
German Weather Service : Jeanett , the first strong storm of Autumn 2002
Met Office , University of Exeter & University of Reading Extreme Wind Storm Catalogue : Jeanette
ABS Consulting , Catastrophe Report : Jeanette
The University of Manchester Centre for Atmospheric Science : The occurrence of strong winds in the lower troposphere .
References
Jeanett
Jeanett
2002 in the United Kingdom
2002 disasters in Europe
2002 meteorology
2002 natural disasters
October 2002 events in Europe
Taffel is a Finnish brand of potato chips produced by Orkla Confectionery & Snacks Finland . Taffel potato chips are produced in Åland , and it was the first product of the Orkla factory . The Taffel brand also includes dipping sauces , French fries , popcorn and nut mixes . According to research by Markkinointi & Mainonta magazine and Taloustutkimus , Taffel was Finland 's most valued brand of potato chips in 2015 .
History
Ab Chips Oy Ltd was founded in 1969 . In 1973 the factory employed 31 people working on Taffel . Originally a bag of Taffel chips weighed 75 grams . Aluminium bags were used in the factory . ( puffed fried cheese snacks ) were introduced in the 1970s .
In 1987 , De Danske Spritfabrikker , Taffel 's second-largest owner , planned to sell its shares to Fazer , which was Taffel 's largest owner . ended up selling its shares to the Ålandians .
In 1991 the Norwegian company Orkla ASA bought a tenth of the company . In 1995 Taffel brought quality chips called ( 'the manor 's chips ' ) onto the market .
In 2000 Ab Chips Oy Ltd and Orkla founded Scandinavian Snack Company together . The company is the largest potato chips producer in the Nordic countries : it produces 90,000 tons of snacks per year . In 2005 Orkla announced it would buy all of the company 's stock .
In 2016 Orkla announced corporate negotiations concerning its entire Åland factory and was considering closing the Taffel factory down . The company later decided to continue production in Åland . In 2019 the factory won Orkla 's internal development award .
References
Snack foods
Food and drink companies of Finland
Victory Square ( Italian : Piazza della Vittoria ) is a square of Palermo . It is located between the Royal Palace and the Palermo Cathedral , down the Cassaro street , in the quarter of the Albergaria , within the historic centre of Palermo . The square is dominated by the great garden of Villa Bonanno .
History
Piazza della Vittoria is situated in the most ancient zone of Palermo . In this area , in fact , the city was founded by the Phoenicians in the 8th century BC . During the Roman era , the area was called `` Paleopolis '' in order to distinguish it from the more recent `` Neapolis '' . After the Islamic conquest of Sicily Palermo became the island 's capital and the Paleopolis was fortified and called in Arabic `` al-Halqah '' ( fence , corral ) . This Arabic word then became the Sicilian `` Galca '' .
In the 16th century the area was subject to large changes . Many buildings were demolished and a flat space , called `` Piano del Palazzo Reale '' , was created . The new square became the scene of the main public parades of Palermo .
In the late 19th century a number of archaeological digs discovered some ruins and mosaics belonging to three Roman patrician houses . Some of these archaeological finds are now housed in the Regional Archeological Museum Antonio Salinas .
In 1905 the square was occupied by the new Villa Bonanno , a great garden designed by Giuseppe Damiani Almeyda and named after the mayor Pietro Bonanno . The square is called `` della Vittoria '' in honor of the 1820 uprising against the Bourbonist garrison .
See also
Villa Bonanno
Piazza del Parlamento
Palazzo dei Normanni
References
External links
Archaeological area Villa Bonanno - viaggiart.com
Vittoria
Archaeological sites in Palermo
Roman Catholic Diocese of Villarrica may refer to :
Roman Catholic Diocese of Villarrica in Chile
Roman Catholic Diocese of Villarrica del Espíritu Santo in Paraguay
Jeffrey Kosmala ( born September 16 , 1961 from Van Nuys , California ) is a retired professional American `` Old School '' Bicycle Motocross ( BMX ) racer whose prime competitive years were ( 1978–1981 ) .
Racing career milestones
Note : Professional first are on the national level unless otherwise indicated .
Started racing : 1973
Sanctioning body : ( )
First race result :
First win ( local ) : First recorded win records reveal was in 14 & over Novice on September 19 , 1975 , at the Van Nuys Youth Center .
First sponsor : Gus Dando 's bikes
First national win : In 15 Expert at the National Bicycle Association ( NBA ) Supernationals in Trabuco Canyon , California on April 3 , 1977 .
Turned Professional : 14 yrs
First Professional race result : 1st Beat David Clinton
First Professional win :
First Junior Men Pro * race result : Not Applicable
First Junior Men Pro win : Not Applicable
First Senior Men Pro * * race result :
First Senior Men Pro win :
Retired : Effectively 1983 shortly after he left Redline Engineering .
Height & weight at height of his career ( 1978–1981 ) : Ht : 6 ' 1 '' Wt : 188–210 lbs .
Career factory and major bike shop sponsors
Note : This listing only denotes the racer 's primary sponsors . At any given time a racer could have numerous ever-changing cosponsors . Primary sponsorships can be verified by BMX press coverage and sponsor 's advertisements at the time in question . When possible exact dates are used .
Amateur
Mongoose ( BMX Products ) : July 1977 March 1982 Kosmala turned pro with this sponsor .
Professional
Mongoose : July 1977 – March 1982 As the biggest , fastest cruiser rider in the world . Jeff would line up on the starting line everyone else would try and figure out who was going to get second , in 1980 Jef won 21 out of 24 Nationals the ABA national # 1 and the NBA national # 1 and the JAG World Championship in the same year . To this day there is not more of a demonating year in the sport by one rider . The Kos Kruiser is the most winning bike of all time . According to Kosmala Mongoose was n't going to pay him for his name on the Kos Kruiser which he was owed , it cost mongoose a lot more than Jeff was asking for .
Redline Engineering : Early April 1982 – Early May 1983 Jeff took his talent to Redline Eng , where he designed and raced the `` redline PL-24 `` which he stayed on his winning ways . His first race for Redline was the NBL Detroit , Michigan National on April 17 , 1982 . He won Pro Cruiser . In the middle of the summer of 83 Jeff and his long-time girlfriend got married and he decided to hang up the bars .
O'Neal : January 1984 — Kosmala got back into the BMX world by becoming a sales representative for O'Neal , a Motorcycle Motocross apperal company which was trying to break into the BMX market . Kosmala would occasionally race in O'Neal livery much like John George did for Mongoose after his retirement from competitive racing .
Career bicycle motocross titles
Note : Listed are District , State/Provincial/Department , Regional , National , and International titles in italics . Depending on point totals of individual racers , winners of Grand Nationals do not necessarily win National titles . Only sanctioning bodies active during the racer 's career are listed .
Amateur
National Bicycle Association ( NBA )
National Bicycle League ( NBL )
1980 JAG 15-29 Cruiser World Champion . *
American Bicycle Association ( ABA )
1980 Cruiser Grandnational Champion
1980 Cruiser National No . 1 *
* Note : At this time the ABA Cruiser title was a Pro/Am tile . Racers who were Professionals in the 20 '' class could race the amateurs in Cruiser class
and win the title , but only trophies , not cash rewards .
Fédération Internationale Amateur de Cyclisme ( FIAC ) *
None
International Bicycle Motocross Federation ( IBMXF ) *
None
Union Cycliste Internationale ( UCI ) *
None
* See note in professional section
Professional
National Bicycle Association ( NBA )
1980 Pro Cruiser National No.1
1981 Pro 20 '' & and Pro Cruiser Western States Champion .
National Bicycle League ( NBL )
None
American Bicycle Association ( ABA )
None ( See amateur section )
United States Bicycle Motocross Association ( USBA )
None
International Bicycle Motocross Federation ( IBMXF ) *
None
Fédération Internationale Amateur de Cyclisme ( FIAC ) *
None ( FIAC did not have a strictly professional division during its existence ) ( defunct ) .
Union Cycliste Internationale ( UCI ) *
None
* Note : Beginning in 1991 the IBMXF and FIAC had been holding joint World Championship events as a transitional phase in merging which began in earnest in 1993 . Beginning with the 1996 season the IBMXF and FIAC completed the merger and both ceased to exist as independent entities being integrated into the UCI . Beginning with the 1997 World Championships held in Brighton , England the UCI would officially hold and sanction BMX World Championships and with it inherited all precedents , records , streaks , etc . from both the IBMXF and FIAC .
Pro Series Championships
Notable accolades
He won the first ABA sanctioned jumping contest in at the ABA Fall nationals in 1982 . This jumping contest predated the King of Dirt ( KOD ) contest of the late 1980s and the emphasis was distance jumping and not aerial stunts maneuvers and height . He beat second-place finisher Ronnie Anderson by one inch .
BMX product lines
1979 Mongoose `` Kos Kruiser ''
Product Evaluation :
`` Kos Kruiser Test '' BMX Plus ! December 1980 Vol . 3 No . 12 p. 70 ( 1980 Model ) .
`` Jeff Kosmala and the Kos Kruiser '' Bicycle Motocross Action February 1981 Vol . 6 No . 2 p. 60
Significant injuries
Broke thumb at the NBA United States Grand Prix ( U.S.G.P ) in Las Vegas , Nevada He had his cast shaped like a `` C '' in order to grip the handle bars
Broke his wrist at the 1983 NBL WOS Memphis double header in Memphis , Tennessee .
Racing habits and traits
Miscellaneous
His pants motto * was `` Just Be Kos/ nice try/ Kid Kos ``
A small image of what Mr. Kosmala looks like today .
* Riders often put slogans on the seat of their pants instead of their surname as a small physiological ploy against their competitors behind them to read .
Post BMX career
He is still in Las Vegas has 3 beautiful kids
BMX press magazine interviews and articles
`` The Thrill Of Victory , The Agony of ... Victory '' BMX Action January 1983 Vol . 8 No . 1 p. 42
`` Jeff Kosmala : Superstar '' Bicycles and Dirt January 1983 Vol . 1 No . 5 p. 27 .
BMX magazine covers
Note : Only magazines that were in publication at the time of the racer 's career ( s ) are listed unless specifically noted .
Bicycle Motocross News :
None
Minicycle/BMX Action & Super BMX :
Bicycle Motocross Action & Go :
BMX Action October 1982 Vol.7 No.10 ( 27 ) in top right insert . In center left insert Andy Patterson ; in bottom right insert Jeff Ruminer ( 8 ) ahead of Bobby Woods .
BMX Plus ! :
June 1980 Vol . No . 6
Action Now :
Total BMX :
Bicycles and Dirt :
January 1983 Vol.1 No.5
NBA World , NBmx World ( the official BMX publication of the NBA ) :
Bicycles Today & BMX Today ( the official BMX publication of the NBL ) :
ABA Action , American BMXer , BMXer ( the official BMX publication of the ABA under three different names ) :
Notes
External links
The American Bicycle Association ( ABA ) Website .
The National Bicycle League ( NBL ) Website .
1961 births
Living people
American male cyclists
BMX riders
Feofilatovskaya ( ) is a rural locality ( a village ) in Tarnogskoye Rural Settlement , Tarnogsky District , Vologda Oblast , Russia . The population was 18 as of 2002 .
Geography
Feofilatovskaya is located 15 km northwest of Tarnogsky Gorodok ( the district 's administrative centre ) by road . Matveyevskaya is the nearest rural locality .
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Lyubov Shevtsova ( ; September 8 , 1924 – February 9 , 1943 ) was a Soviet partisan and a member of the Young Guard , an underground anti-Nazi organization in Krasnodon during World War II .
Early life
Shevtsova was born in Izvaryne , Krasnodon District in 24 September 1924 to a working-class Russian family . Her father had fought in the First World War and the Russian Civil War on the side of the Red Army ; her mother worked at a field hospital as a nurse . Her family moved within the limits of Krasnodon city in 1927 , where she graduated from seven grades of school before applying to a theater school in Rostov . However , the German invasion of the Soviet Union began shortly after she applied .
Partisan activities
Shortly after the start of the war Shevtsova attended brief nursing classes and tried to enlist as a nurse in the Red Army , but was rejected for being too young at the time . So she joined the Komsomol in February 1942 and upon the recommendation of the Voroshilovgrad District Committee she began training to become a radio operator for the Young Guard in April . After completing the course and swearing an oath of allegiance she began transmitting information collected by the partisans to the Red Army Intelligence Center .
She also participated in spreading leaflets , helped Soviet prisoners of war hide from the Germans , and participated in burning down the Labour Exchange building , which contained documents with the names of people that were to be deported and forced into hard labour for Germany . On January 8 , 1943 , Shevtsova was arrested as a wireless operator . The members of the Young Guard had been betrayed and all of them were arrested as well . The Gestapo tortured her to find out the transmission codes , apparently without success and shot her on February 9 , at the age of 18 years .
Recognition
On September 13 , 1943 , Shevtsova was posthumously declared a Hero of the Soviet Union . Young pioneer detachments , streets , and ships were named in her honor and memorials were dedicated to her memory .
See also
List of female Heroes of the Soviet Union
Soviet partisans
References
Heroes of the Soviet Union
Soviet partisans in Ukraine
Soviet military personnel killed in World War II
Soviet women in World War II
Resistance members killed by Nazi Germany
Female resistance members of World War II
1924 births
1943 deaths
People from Izvaryne
Executed Soviet people from Ukraine
Ukrainian people executed by Nazi Germany
Executed Ukrainian women
People executed by Germany by firearm
Recipients of the Order of Lenin
The Lady and Her Hairdresser ( German : Die Dame und ihr Friseur ) is a 1922 German silent comedy film directed by Heinz Ullstein and starring Eugen Rex and Maly Delschaft and Hans Junkermann .
Cast
In alphabetical order
Paul Bildt as Beamter
Maly Delschaft
Hugo Döblin as Papierhändler Hollmann
Hans Junkermann as Bankier Markus
Heinrich Peer
Hermann Picha as Theaterfriseur
Eugen Rex as Titular-Friseur
Aenne Ullstein
References
Bibliography
Grange , William . Cultural Chronicle of the Weimar Republic . Scarecrow Press , 2008 .
External links
1922 films
Films of the Weimar Republic
Films directed by Heinz Ullstein
German silent feature films
German black-and-white films
1922 comedy films
German comedy films
Silent comedy films
Rötz is a town in the district of Cham , in Bavaria , Germany . It is situated 17 km northwest of Cham , and 30 km east of Schwandorf .
References
Cham ( district )
Ronald David Anderson ( born October 18 , 1945 ) is an American singer who appeared on The Lawrence Welk Show for the last two years of its run as a member of the singing trio of Gail , Ron and Michael .
Born in San Francisco , California , after college Anderson served as a choir director before moving to Hollywood to work as a musician . He started out in a gospel brass quartet and later as a stand-in actor for game show hosts during rehearsal . Later , he secured a bit acting parts that led to other acting jobs and appearances on The Mary Tyler Moore Show , The Young and the Restless , and The Tonight Show .
He first met Welk star Gail Farrell at an actors ' workshop in 1977 , and they were married two years later . He joined Gail on the Welk show in 1980 , along with Michael Redman , as part of the new singing trio Gail , Ron and Michael .
From a prior marriage , Anderson is the father of two sons : Grant , a television producer , and Jonathan . He has two daughters , Lauren and Erin , with his wife Gail . They live in Northern California and have also lived in Hendersonville , Tennessee .
References
External links
Stars of the Lawrence Welk Show
Living people
American male singers
1945 births
Singers from San Francisco
People from Hendersonville , Tennessee
Lawrence Welk
Gangsters Versus Cowboys ( Spanish : Gangsters contra charros ) is a 1948 Mexican gangster film written , directed by , and starring Juan Orol , and featuring Rosa Carmina and José Pulído . It was made as a sequel to Orol 's Gangster 's Kingdom . However , it has become a cult film due to its low-budget production values and idiosyncratic style .
Plot
Gangster Johnny Carmenta ( Juan Orol ) , faces Pancho Dominguez El Charro del Arrabal ( Jose Pulido ) , who has imposed his law in the town . The Rumbera Rosa ( Rosa Carmina ) seduces both men firing their rivalry .
Cast
Juan Orol as Johnny Carmenta
Rosa Carmina as Rosa
José Pulído as Pancho Domínguez El Charro del Arrabal
Roberto Cañedo as Julio
Legacy
The film has sometimes been compared with the work of American filmmaker Ed Wood , known as `` the worst director of all time '' . However , in contrast to Wood 's films , Gangsters Versus Cowboys was successful at the box office . Orol 's films were popular , despite their technical deficiencies .
According to the opinion of specialist critics of Mexican cinema , the film ranks as number 68 among the hundred best films of the Mexican cinema .
References
Bibliography
Daniel Balderston , Mike Gonzalez & Ana M. Lopez . Encyclopedia of Contemporary Latin American and Caribbean Cultures . Routledge , 2002 .
External links
Gángsters contra charros in FilmAffinity.com
Gángsters contra charros in the page of the Mexican Cinema of the ITESM
1948 crime films
1948 films
Mexican black-and-white films
Gangster films
1940s Spanish-language films
Films directed by Juan Orol
Mexican crime films
1940s Mexican films
The Leap in the Dark ( German : Der Sprung ins Dunkle ) is a 1920 German silent mystery film directed by and starring Ernst Reicher as the detective character Stuart Webbs , part of a long-running series of silent films .
Cast
Lia Eibenschütz
Stella Harf
Ernst Reicher as Detective Stuart Webbs
References
Bibliography
Rainey , Buck . Serials and Series : A World Filmography , 1912-1956 . McFarland , 2015 .
External links
1920 films
Films of the Weimar Republic
German silent feature films
German mystery films
German black-and-white films
1920 mystery films
Silent mystery films
Middletown First Aid and Rescue Squad is located in Middletown Township , New Jersey . It is completely volunteer agency providing basic life support services for medical emergencies for the residents and visitors of Middletown Twp . It was established in 1933 .
Middletown First Aid consists of approximately 14 members who are Emergency Medical Technician-Basic and are able to take charge of calls and handle patient care . Supplemental members of the squad include reserve , drivers , probationary , and diver-only members .
Middletown First Aid answers calls for medical emergencies , trauma , behavior emergencies , motor vehicle accidents , assist the fire department , vehicle extrication , and water rescue .
Apparatus
350 – 2009 Ford Explorer . First responder vehicle for quick response to emergencies . 350 is not equipped to transport patients .
351 – 2004 Ford type III ambulance . 351 is equipped with Hurst extrication tools and is the first due for any motor vehicle accidents
352 – 2000 GMC type III ambulance
353 – Water Rescue Unit . Equipped for response to any water rescue emergency .
354/354A – Two 12 foot inflatable boats . Equipped for quick response to minor water emergencies .
355 – 1988 GMC diesel Extrication Unit . Equipped with Hurst vehicle extrication tools , vehicle stabilization equipment , two winches , air systems , and oxygen tanks for mass casualty incidents .
Water rescue
The Water Rescue Unit is commanded by a Captain and a Lieutenant . The unit specializes in underwater search and recovery , ice rescue , and boat rescues . The team consists of approximately 10 certified divers , boat operators , and dive tenders .
September 11th terrorist attacks
Middletown First Aid and Rescue Squad utilized many of its resources after the September 11th terrorist attacks on New York City . Middletown First Aid along with other members of the Middletown EMS set up a staging and treatment center for the Highlands Ferry . Many of the victims and people in New York City took the ferry service to escape the city . The EMS services assisted in the decontamination of debris from the tower collapse , treatment of minor injuries on scene , and triage and transport to area hospitals . Middletown First Aid coordinated most of these efforts .
Middletown First Aid and Rescue Squad sent members in Rescue 355 into the city in the rescue efforts at ground zero . The teams utilized the tools of the truck to remove debris and searched for survivors at the scene .
External links
http : //www.mtfars.com
http : //www.middletownems.org
http : //www.middletownnj.org
Middletown Township , New Jersey
Emergency services in New Jersey
Ambulance services in the United States
Medical and health organizations based in New Jersey
The geography of Vatican City is unique due to the country 's position as an urban , landlocked enclave of Rome , Italy . With an area of 49 ha ( 121 acres , or 0.19 sq mi ) , it is the world 's smallest independent state . Outside the Vatican City , thirteen buildings in Rome and Castel Gandolfo ( the pope 's summer residence ) enjoy extraterritorial rights . ( One building , the Paul VI Audience Hall , straddles the border , but its Italian portion has extraterritorial rights . ) The country contains no major natural resources , and no known natural hazards other than those that affect Rome in general , such as earthquakes .
Climate
The city state has the same climate as Rome : temperate , mild , rainy winters ( September to mid-May ) with hot , dry summers ( May to September ) .
Terrain
Vatican City sits on a low hill . The hill has been called the Vatican Hill ( in Latin , Mons Vaticanus ) since long before Christianity existed . An Etruscan settlement , possibly called Vatica or Vaticum , may have existed in the area generally known by the ancient Romans as `` Vatican territory '' ( vaticanus ager ) , but if so no archaeological trace of it has been discovered .
Extreme points
This is a list of the extreme points of Vatican City : the points that are farther north , south , east or west than any other location , as well as the highest and lowest points .
North : at the intersection of the Viale Vaticano and the Via Leone IV ( )
South : at the intersection of the Via della Stazione Vaticana and the Via di Porta Cavalleggeri ( )
West : at the intersection of the Viale Vaticano and the Via Aurelia ( )
East : easternmost edge of Saint Peter 's Square ( )
The lowest point in Vatican City is an unnamed location at . The highest point is another unnamed location at . The tallest building is St. Peter 's Basilica , at 452 feet ( 138 m ) .
Land use
The nature of the estate is fundamentally urban and none of the land is reserved for significant agriculture or other exploitation of natural resources . The city state displays an impressive degree of land economy , born of necessity due to its extremely limited territory . Thus , the urban development ( i.e. , buildings ) is optimized to occupy about half of the total area , while the rest is reserved for open space , including the Vatican Gardens . The territory holds many diverse structures that help provide autonomy for the sovereign state , including a rail line and train station , heliport , post office , radio station ( with extraterritorial antennas in Italy ) , military barracks , government palaces and offices , public plaza , part of an audience hall , old defensive wall marking the border , institutions of higher learning , and cultural/art centers .
Environment
In July 2007 , the Vatican accepted an offer that would make it the only carbon neutral state for the year , due to the donation of the Vatican Climate Forest in Hungary . The forest was to be sized to offset the year 's carbon dioxide emissions . No trees have been planted under the project and the carbon offsets have not materialized .
International agreements
Party to : Ozone Layer Protection
Signed , but not ratified : Air Pollution , Environmental Modification
See also
Geography of Italy
Properties of the Holy See
Index of Vatican City-related articles
References
Notes
External links
Interactive Vatican City Map
Sutley Peak ( ) is a rock peak in Antarctica located just north of Wright Peak and east-northeast of Miller Crag in the Jones Mountains . It was mapped by the University of Minnesota Jones Mountains Party of 1960/61 . It was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names ( US-ACAN ) for Lieutenant Commander Robert M. Sutley of the U.S. Navy , an executive officer of Mobile Construction Battalion One on U.S. Navy Operation Deepfreeze in 1962 .
Mountains of Ellsworth Land
St. Matthew 's United Church is a United Church of Canada church in downtown Halifax , Nova Scotia . The church was founded at the same time as the original colony in 1749 as a home for the various groups of dissenting Protestants who were from New England and who did not follow the Church of England . It originally met Sunday afternoons in St. Paul 's Church , the Church of England building completed in 1750 . The church got its own home in 1754 when a church was constructed at Hollis and Prince streets . This building was destroyed by fire in 1857 , and a new church was built at the current location at 1479 Barrington Street , land parcelled off of the Black-Binney House estate by Bishop Hibbert Binney . The church used the Old Burying Ground ( Halifax , Nova Scotia ) .
The church was originally an amalgam of various dissenting Protestant groups with it mostly being a mix of Scottish Presbyterians and Puritan Congregationalists from the American colonies . Over the course of the 19th century the number of Presbyterians gradually increased and they came to dominate the church . In 1787 , an agreement was made to adhere closer to Church of Scotland polity . They formally joined the Church of Scotland in the 1830s and joined Presbyterian Church in Canada in 1875 . In 1925 , however , it returned somewhat to its roots when the United Church of Canada was formed uniting several of the major Protestant denominations including the Presbyterians and Congregationalists .
George Monro Grant , grandfather of George Parkin Grant and great-grandfather of Michael Ignatieff , was Minister from 1863 - 1877 . Grant was appointed to Kingston , Ontario as Principal of Queen 's University , by the Presbyterian Church in Canada 's General Assembly , meeting within the congregation in June 1877 . Sandford Fleming was also an Elder in congregation during Grant 's tenure . The 250th Anniversary celebrated in 1999 , with a new history book , A sentinel on the street ; St Matthew 's United Church , Halifax 1749-1999 by Elizabeth Townsend , et al .
Ministers ( 1751-1883 )
Rev Aaron Cleveland ( 1751-1753 ) ( died in the home of his friend Benjamin Franklin )
John Seccombe ( 1761-1783 )
Thomas Russell ( 1784-1787 )
Rev Andrew Brown Old College , the University of Edinburgh ( 1787-1795 )
Rev Archibald Gray ( 1795-1826 ) ; buried in the Old Burying Ground ( Halifax , Nova Scotia )
Rev . John Scott ( minister ) ( 1826-1883 )
Current Minister of Word , Sacrament , and Pastoral Care : The Rev . Elizabeth ( Betsy ) Hogan , 2010-
Notable members
Joshua Mauger
References
External links
History of St Mathew 's Church . NS Historical Society . p. 137
St. Matthew 's United Church . 1910 .
Churches in Halifax , Nova Scotia
United Church of Canada churches in Nova Scotia
Gothic Revival architecture in Halifax , Nova Scotia
Burned buildings and structures in Canada
William Thomas ( architect ) buildings
Gothic Revival church buildings in Canada
