The Red Queen : Sex and the Evolution of Human Nature is a popular science book by Matt Ridley exploring the evolutionary psychology of sexual selection . The Red Queen was one of seven books shortlisted for the 1994 Rhône-Poulenc Prize ( now known as the Royal Society Prizes for Science Books ) , that was eventually won by Steve Jones ' The Language of the Genes . The title is in reference to the Red Queen hypothesis in evolutionary biology .
Ridley argues that few , if any , aspects of human nature can be understood apart from sex , since human nature is a product of evolution , driven by sexual reproduction in the case of sexual selection in human evolution .
Summary
The book begins with an evolutionary account of sex itself , defending the theory that sex flourishes , despite its energetic costs , primarily because a sexually mixed heritage confers to offspring a defensive `` head start '' against parasites received from and originally adapted to the maternal host environment .
Toward the end of the book Ridley argues that human intelligence is largely a result of sexual selection . He argues that human intelligence far outstrips any survivalist demands that would have been placed on our hominid ancestors , and analogizes human intelligence to the peacock 's tail , a trait widely believed to be the result of sexual selection . Human intelligence , he suggests , is used primarily to attract mates through prodigious displays of wit , charm , inventiveness , and individuality . This view of Intelligence is treated at length in Geoffrey Miller 's The Mating Mind : How Sexual Choice Shaped the Evolution of Human Nature ( 2001 ) .
See also
The Rational Optimist : How Prosperity Evolves
References
External links
Matt Ridley on Sex and Evolution at PBS
1993 non-fiction books
Books by Matt Ridley
Popular science books
Books about evolution
Viking Press books
Mikhail Nikolayevich Vasilyev ( ; 1770 – June 23 , 1847 ) was a Russian explorer and vice admiral of the Imperial Russian Navy . He is reputed for having surveyed the then little-known coast of Alaska as navigator . Vasiliev was sent by the Russian Imperial Hydrographic Service in 1819 to explore the northern parts of the Pacific Ocean and particularly the area around the Bering Strait . Certain geographic features of the Alaskan coast , like the Lindenberg Peninsula and Sealion Island were named by him in the maps that were subsequently published .
In 1820 Mikhail Vasiliev on the ship Otkrytie ( Discovery ) entered the Chukchi Sea and explored the coast of Alaska from Kotzebue Sound to Icy Cape and later from Norton Sound to Cape Newenham . He was accompanied by Gleb Semenovich Shishmarev ( 1781-1835 ) , who was in command of the ship Blagonamerennyi ( Good Intent ) . After these surveys , in which he is credited to be the first European having sighted Nunivak Island , Vasiliev sailed to Petropavlovsk and returned to Kronstadt , arriving there on August 2 , 1822 .
Vasiliev 's name is spelt `` Vasilief '' in the United States , where Vasilief Bay in Atka and Cape Vasilyev in Nunivak Island were named after him by Captain Fyodor Petrovich Litke ; Cape Vasilyev was later renamed `` Cape Corwin '' by the U.S. Board on Geographic Names in 1909 . There are other geographic features in the coast of Alaska and the Aleutians bearing the name `` Vasilief '' , but it is not clear after which Vasiliev they were named .
References
Sealion Island
1770 births
1847 deaths
Chukchi Sea
Russian America
Imperial Russian Navy admirals
Explorers of the Arctic
Russian and Soviet polar explorers
Explorers from the Russian Empire
Lawrence County is a county located in the U.S. state of Arkansas . As of the 2010 census , the population was 17,415 . The county seat is Walnut Ridge . Lawrence County is Arkansas 's second county , formed on January 15 , 1815 , and named for Captain James Lawrence who fought in the War of 1812 . It is an alcohol prohibition or dry county .
History
Following the Louisiana Purchase , the area currently encompassing Lawrence County was contained within the Louisiana Territory from 1805 to 1812 , and the Missouri Territory from 1812 until the creation of Arkansas Territory in 1819 . While the southern portion of Missouri Territory began to be settled , Lawrence County was created on January 15 , 1815 from New Madrid County and Arkansas County . The large area spanned from Cape Girardeau County to the Arkansas River .
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 0.8 % ) is water .
Adjacent counties
Randolph County ( north )
Greene County ( east )
Craighead County ( southeast )
Jackson County ( south )
Independence County ( southwest )
Sharp County ( west )
Demographics
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census , there were 16,216 people , 6,463 households , and 4,466 families residing in the county .
2000 census
As of the 2000 census , there were 17,774 people , 7,108 households , and 5,011 families residing in the county . The population density was 30 people per square mile ( 12/km2 ) . There were 8,085 housing units at an average density of 14 per square mile ( 5/km2 ) . The racial makeup of the county was 97.78 % White , 0.44 % Black or African American , 0.57 % Native American , 0.05 % Asian , 0.01 % Pacific Islander , 0.12 % from other races , and 1.02 % from two or more races . 0.68 % of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race .
There were 7,108 households , out of which 30.80 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 57.70 % were married couples living together , 9.60 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 29.50 % were non-families . 26.70 % of all households were made up of individuals , and 14.20 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older . The average household size was 2.42 and the average family size was 2.92 .
In the county , the population was spread out , with 24.00 % under the age of 18 , 9.60 % from 18 to 24 , 25.90 % from 25 to 44 , 23.20 % from 45 to 64 , and 17.40 % who were 65 years of age or older . The median age was 38 years . For every 100 females there were 93.60 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 89.40 males .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 27,139 , and the median income for a family was $ 32,163 . Males had a median income of $ 26,288 versus $ 18,518 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 13,785 . About 13.90 % of families and 18.40 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 25.50 % of those under age 18 and 20.10 % of those age 65 or over .
Government
Education
Public education is available from four school districts :
Hillcrest School District
Hoxie School District
Lawrence County School District
Sloan–Hendrix School District
Communities
Cities
Black Rock
Hoxie
Walnut Ridge ( county seat )
Towns
Alicia
College City ( former )
Imboden
Lynn
Minturn
Portia
Powhatan
Ravenden
Sedgwick
Smithville
Strawberry
Townships
Annieville
Ashland ( Minturn )
Black River ( Powhatan )
Black Rock ( most of Black Rock )
Boas ( Hoxie , part of Walnut Ridge )
Cache
Campbell ( College City , most of Walnut Ridge )
Dent ( Imboden )
Duty ( Portia , small part of Black Rock )
Eaton
Flat Creek
Jesup
Lawrence
Marion ( Alicia )
Morgan ( Lynn )
Promised Land ( Sedgwick )
Reeds Creek ( Strawberry )
Richwoods ( small part of Walnut Ridge )
Spring River ( small part of Ravenden )
Strawberry ( Smithville )
Thacker ( most of Ravenden )
Infrastructure
Major highways
U.S. Route 63B
U.S. Route 67B
U.S. Route 412
Highway 25
Highway 34
Highway 90
Highway 91
Highway 115
Highway 117
Highway 117 Spur
Highway 228
Highway 230
Highway 361
See also
List of lakes in Lawrence County , Arkansas
National Register of Historic Places listings in Lawrence County , Arkansas
References
Further reading
1815 establishments in Missouri Territory
Populated places established in 1815
A customer benefit package ( CBP ) forms part of the operations management ( OM ) toolkit . It involves a clearly defined set of tangible ( goods ) and intangible ( services ) features that the customer recognizes , purchase or use . This can be the real or perceived value that a customer experiences or believes they are receiving through dealing with a company .
Overview
A combination of a primary product with additional goods and services defines the total product to the customer . In other words , a CBP is a combination of services and goods that adds value to the primary product acquired by the customer . The primary product is the “ core ” offering that attracts customers and satisfy their basic needs . These goods and services adding value to the primary product are called peripheral goods and services , which are not essential to the primary product , but enhance it . Examples of peripheral goods and services in the fast food industry include toys ( peripheral goods ) that are offered as part of a kiddie 's meal and a kids ' play area ( peripheral service ) inside the fast food restaurant .
The CBP may also contain some variants as part of the product offering . A variant is an attribute that departs from the CBP overall theme . Adding unique goods or services like free Internet access inside the fast food restaurant gives the customer the ability to surf the Internet while enjoying a meal . Often a variant will become part of the CBP on a continuous basis , thus it becomes a permanent peripheral good or service .
Benefits of a CBP
Defines the services or products offering to the customer .
Serves as guidelines for employees when selling the product .
Provides a marketing and communication channel to reach the customer .
CBP integration as part of OM
The CBP can not stand on its own as a system or tool . OM requires effective management of the whole value chain starting with identifying the customer 's needs and ending with supplying a final product that meets or exceeds the customer 's expectations . Developing the CBP through all these stages of the value chain is essential to create and deliver a process for each peripheral good or service adding to the overall development of the final product to the customer .
More example CBPs
Automobile industry
The requirements of the customer ( client ) are clearly defined within a contract agreement between the contractor and the customer . However , there are a number of peripheral good and services that can be developed in this highly controlled environment . Disciples like quality management and risk management in conjunction with information technology ( IT ) systems and operations management ( OM ) processes can be used to develop systems with the ability to capture real-time data and report directly to the customer . This is just one example of many more possibilities that can differentiate a contractor from the competition .
Medical
Medicine is evolving daily ; there are new cures to diseases , new vaccines and new diagnostic technology that once thought impossible . `` There is however an extreme lack in incorporating information technology ( IT ) and OM processes within medical practices . I have therefore decided to re-evaluate the value chain within my new general practitioner ( GP ) practice '' , a South African doctor comments . Living in the information age , patients want to know everything , so much a new term `` googlelitis '' is used in describing many patients . Embracing this new culture ( need ) amongst patients can be satisfied with the use of short message service ( SMS ) technology to report medical results and confirm future appointments .
References
Management
Karataş , Döşemealtı is a village in the District of Antalya , Antalya Province , Turkey .
References
Villages in Antalya District
José Pablo Iriarte is a Cuban American author of children 's fiction , science fiction , and fantasy , best known for the Nebula Award and James Tiptree Award-nominated short novelette `` The Substance of My Lives , the Accidents of Our Births . ”
Personal life
Iriarte is Cuban American and Spanish is their first language , having learned English right after starting kindergarten . The first paying magazine rejection Iriarte received was at 13 .
Iriarte is non-binary and says to have long had a fascination with gender and societal expectations of it . Their work takes inspiration from the young adult novelist A.S. King and the short story writers Sam J. Miller , Sarah Pinsker , Caroline Yoachim , Sandra McDonald , Ken Liu , and Elizabeth Bear .
Iriarte works as a high school math teacher and lives in Central Florida . They are married and have two children .
Selected works
For Iriarte 's short story `` The Substance of My Lives , the Accidents of Our Births ” , they tackled gender identity , a choice inspired by identifying as non-binary . The story was published in the American online speculative magazine Lightspeed Magazine , in Issue 92 , in January 2018 . It was a finalist for a Nebula Award for Best Short Story in the category Fantasy in 2018 and on the longlist for the James Tiptree Award in 2018 . It was received favorably by critics , earning a triple star review , and was on Tangent Online 's Recommended Reading List in 2018 .
Iriarte 's short story `` Yuca and Dominoe , '' originally published by Strange Horizons in 2013 , has also been translated into Spanish and published in the anthology Órbita Juracán : Cuentos de Ciencia Ficción in 2016 as `` Yuca y Dominos . ''
Iriarte 's 2016 short story `` The Vampire 's Stepdaughter '' was published in the September/August issue of Fantastic Stories of the Imagination . It was on Tangent Online 's Recommended Reading List in 2016 and received a starred review , as well as the 2017 short story `` O Stone , Be Not So '' in 2017 .
Several of their short stories were placed on the SFWA Nebula Recommended Reading List .
Some of Iriarte 's work is published under the name José Iriarte .
Bibliography
“ Cabrón ” in TWO : The Second Annual Horror Special ( Stupefying Stories Magazine , 2013 )
“ Yuca and Dominoe ” ( Strange Horizons , 2013 )
“ Extra Innings ” ( Penumbra eMag , 2014 )
“ Message from Beyond ” ( Fantastic Stories of the Imagination , 2015 )
“ Weight of the World ” ( Fantastic Stories of the Imagination , 2015 )
“ Cupid and Psyche at the Caffé Sol y Mar ” ( Fireside Fiction , 2015 )
“ The Flood ” ( Grantville Gazette , 2015 )
`` The Curse of Giants ” in People of Color Take Over Fantastic Stories Flash Fiction Anthology ( 2016 )
`` The Vampire 's Stepdaughter. ” ( Fantastic Stories of the Imagination , 2016 )
`` Life in Stone , Glass , and Plastic '' ( Strange Horizons , 2016 )
“ Of Unions , Intersections , and Empty Sets ” ( Fantastic Stories of the Imagination , 2016 )
`` Spirit of Home ” ( Motherboard , 2016 )
“ The Curse of Giants ” ( Daily Science Fiction , 2016 )
“ O Stone , Be Not So ” ( Diabolical Plots , 2017 )
`` Heart Stitch ” ( Daily Science Fiction , 2017 )
`` Duck Duck God '' ( Book Smugglers Publishing , 2017 )
`` A Mile in His Cleats ” ( Spaceports and Spidersilk , 2018 )
`` The Substance of My Lives , the Accidents of Our Births ” ( Lightspeed Magazine , 2018 )
“ Secrets and Things We Do n't Say Out Loud ” ( Cast of Wonders , 2018 )
`` This Wine-Dark Feeling That Is n't the Blues ” ( Escape Pod , 2019 )
Awards
Won
Sippy Award for `` Life in Stone , Glass , and Plastic '' ( Strange Horizons , 2016 )
Nominations
Nebula Award for Best Short Story for `` The Substance of My Lives , the Accidents of Our Births ” ( Lightspeed Magazine , 2018 )
James Tiptree Award for `` The Substance of My Lives , the Accidents of Our Births ” ( Lightspeed Magazine , 2018 )
Hugo Award for Best Short Story for `` Proof by Induction '' ( Uncanny Magazine , May/Jun 2021 ) .
References
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Transgender writers
American fantasy writers
21st-century Cuban writers
21st-century short story writers
Non-binary writers
, nicknamed Chi , is a Japanese professional basketball player who plays for the Aomori Wat 's of the B.League in Japan . He had been the team captain of the Aomori Wat 's .
College career
He 's got Tohoku College Basketball League 3-point leader award in 2011 .
Career statistics
Regular season
|-
| align= '' left '' | 2012-13
| align= '' left '' | Sendai
| 18 || 0 || 2.3 || 27.3 || 0 || 75.0 || 0.3 || 0.1 || 0.2 || 0.1 || 0.5
|-
| align= '' left '' | 2013-14
| align= '' left '' | Aomori
| 34 || 0 || 4.6 || 25.7 || 27.9 || 70.0 || 0.3|| 0.1|| 0.1|| 0 || 1.7
|-
| align= '' left '' | 2014-15
| align= '' left '' | Aomori
| 25 || 0 || 4.7 || 26.4 || 16.7 || 71.4 || 0.4 || 0.2 || 0.1 || 0.0 || 2.0
|-
| align= '' left '' | 2015-16
| align= '' left '' | Aomori
| 51 || 11 || 19.2 || 39.7 || 40.0 || 56.7 || 1.7 || 0.5 || 0.5 || 0.1 || 7.6
|-
| align= '' left '' | 2016-17
| align= '' left '' | Aomori
| 56 ||56 || 33.5 ||40.2 || 37.1 ||60.3 ||2.9 || 0.9 || 0.6 || 0.1 || 10.9
|-
| align= '' left '' | 2017-18
| align= '' left '' | Aomori
| 60 ||60 || 28.8 ||41.8 || 38.2 ||71.4 ||2.2 || 0.8 || 0.6 || 0 || 10.4
|-
| align= '' left '' | 2018-19
| align= '' left '' | Akita
| 49 || 6 || 13.4 ||30.0 ||30.1 ||46.7 ||1.1 || 0.6 ||0.4 || 0.0 || 4.2
|-
| align= '' left '' | 2019-20
| align= '' left '' | Aomori
| 47 || 38 || 21.1 ||39.0 ||42.0 ||83.1 ||1.4 || 0.8 ||0.6 || 0.0 || 9.4
|-
| }
Playoffs
|-
|style= '' text-align : left ; '' |2015-16
|style= '' text-align : left ; '' |Aomori
| 2 || ||6.00 || .143 || .000 || .000 ||00 ||1.0 || 0.5|| 0 ||1.0
|-
Early cup games
|-
|style= '' text-align : left ; '' |2017
|style= '' text-align : left ; '' |Aomori
| 2 || 2 ||26:09 || .556 || .200 || 1.000 || 2.0 || 2.0 || 1.5 || 0 ||11.5
|-
|style= '' text-align : left ; '' |2018
|style= '' text-align : left ; '' |Akita
|2 || 1 || 18:33 || .167 || .091 || .500 || 3.0 || 0.0 || 0.5 || 0 || 4.0
|-
|style= '' text-align : left ; '' |2019
|style= '' text-align : left ; '' |Aomori
|2 || 1 || 19:03 || .526 || .429 || .000 || 0.5 || 2.0 || 1.5 || 0 || 11.5
|-
Preseason games
|-
| align= '' left '' |2018
| align= '' left '' | Akita
| 2 || 1 || 15.1 || .333 ||.333 || .333||1.0 || 1.5|| 0.5 || 0.0 || 6.0
|-
Source : Changwon1Changwon2
Gallery
References
External links
bj League three point contests 2016
Daichi Shimoyama # 8 , Aomori Wat 's : Full Game
1989 births
Living people
People from Goshogawara
Akita Northern Happinets players
Aomori Wat 's players
Japanese men 's basketball players
Sendai 89ers players
Sportspeople from Aomori Prefecture
Shooting guards
San Leandro LINKS or West San Leandro Shuttle usually referred to simply as the Links Bus is a free public transit service in San Leandro , California . It is run by the San Leandro Transit Management Organization .
Service
The service began after its creation by the city of San Leandro in 2002 . The services currently offers one line , BART Shuttle also known simply as LINKS . The shuttle has been successful since its inception year when it transported 9,000 passengers a month .
The shuttle service 's vehicles use compressed natural gas coaches .
The bus line operates on a counter-clockwise loop connecting job centers in San Leandro with the San Leandro BART station . The bus services is partially funded by the West San Leandro Shuttle Business Improvement District . This special district is funded by a special purpose business fee on the business community of the westside . In 2008 the tax was and therefore the service was extended for another five years until 2013 because more than 50 % of businesses did not `` protest '' .
Passengers may connect to BART trains from throughout the Bay Area at this station on the Richmond–Warm Springs/South Fremont and Warm Springs/South Fremont–Daly City lines . There are also half a dozen AC Transit bus lines that connect at the San Leandro BART station transit center . The service runs from 5AM to 9AM and then from 3PM to 8PM Monday through Friday . Link coaches travel on 20 minute headways .
References
External links
LINKS website
Public transportation in Alameda County , California
Transportation in the San Francisco Bay Area
Bus transportation in California
2002 establishments in California
San Leandro , California
Zero-fare transport services
Charles Akindiji Akinola ( born July 1956 ) is a Nigerian government official , businessman and consultant . He is the Chief of Staff to the Executive Governor , State of Osun . He worked as the Director General of the Office of Economic Development and Partnerships in the state of Osun , Nigeria . He was also a team leader in the Osun Rural Enterprise and Agriculture Program ( O-REAP ) . He has advised State and Federal Governments in Nigeria regarding the design and structure of International Development Cooperation agreements and protocols as well as the management of a wide range of economic development programs . He has participated in the deliberations of the US Government 's Advisory Committee on Voluntary Foreign Aid ( ACVFA ) .
Career
He taught at the University of Ibadan in Nigeria from 1984 until 1989 and was on the training and research faculty of the Pan African Institute for Development ( PAID ) in Buea , Cameroon 1990 .
Country Director of TechnoServe , a US-based international development agency between 1993 and 1998 .
Founder/ CEO of Enterprise for Development International ( EfDI ) , a development sector market leader based in Lagos , Nigeria between 1999 and 2008
He was the Nigeria National Coordinator of the Sustainable Tree Crop Program ( STCP ) , an innovative multi-agency , public-private sector effort involving the USAID and the chocolate industry in facilitating the improvement of small holder agricultural systems focusing on cocoa and cashew in West Africa between 2001 and 2005 .
He was a founding director , Community Development
Foundation ( CDF ) , Nigeria 's premier wholesale development finance agency between 1993 and 2006 .
Consultant
He was variously Founding Partner , Hybridea Partnership , a Public Sector Innovation and Strategic Management Consultancy between 2008 and 2010 .
He worked at structuring and managing Cross-Sector Partnerships involving Government , Private and Development Sectors in different parts of Nigeria and West Africa and participated in the University of Cambridge , UK program on Cross-Sector Partnerships in 2005 and Public-Private Partnerships at the Harvard Kennedy School between 2009 and 2010 .
He has consulted widely across the Public , Private and Development sectors to , Governments , the World Bank , USAID , and the UK Department for International Development , Ford Foundation , Shell International , Chevron Corporation , Exxon Mobil , West African Gas Pipeline Company among others .
He authored research reports , studies and papers focusing on sustainable development and cross-sector partnerships .
Dr Akinola was most recently , Mason Fellow at the Harvard Kennedy School of Government and Fellow at the Harvard Weatherhead Center for International Affairs ( WCFIA ) where his work focused on Innovation for Economic Development .
References
Aregbesola Appoints Akinola DG OEDP - http : //allAfrica.com
https : //web.archive.org/web/20160708193440/http : //www.efdi.org/directors.html
University of Ibadan faculty
Living people
People from Osun State
Place of birth missing ( living people )
1956 births
Harvard Kennedy School alumni
The Tvrdoš Monastery ( ) is a 15th-century Serbian Orthodox monastery near the city of Trebinje , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina . The 4th-century foundations of the first Roman church on the site are still visible .
The monastery , which is dedicated to the Dormition of the Most Holy Theotokos , was established during the 15th century , with a cathedral constructed around 1508 and painted with murals by Vicko Lavrov from Dubrovnik in 1517 . The monastery remained a seat of the Metropolitans of Herzegovina until the Venetian Empire destroyed it in 1694 . The current monastery building was constructed in 1924 . Today , the monastery is renowned for its wine production ( in particular from the local Vranac and Žilavka grape varieties ) and its wine cellars , one of which dates to the 15th century , which are a popular tourist attraction .
As of late 2016 , the monastery remains on the Provisional List for status as a National Monument of Bosnia and Herzegovina .
On 6 March 2021 , the retired Bishop of Zahumlje and Herzegovina ( 1992–1999 ) , Atanasije was buried in the Chapel of the Resurrection of the Lord in the cemetery of the monastery .
Gallery
See also
Eparchy of Zahumlje and Herzegovina
References
External links
Official page
Buildings and structures in Republika Srpska
Religion in Republika Srpska
15th-century Serbian Orthodox church buildings
Rebuilt churches in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Serbian Orthodox monasteries in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Churches in Trebinje
History of the Serbs of Bosnia and Herzegovina
Wines of Bosnia and Herzegovina
The eleventh season of The Real Housewives of Orange County , an American reality television series , is broadcast on Bravo . It aired June 20 , 2016 , until November 21 , 2016 , and is primarily filmed in Orange County , California . Its executive producers are Adam Karpel , Alex Baskin , Douglas Ross , Gregory Stewart , Scott Dunlop , Stephanie Boyriven and Andy Cohen .
The Real Housewives of Orange County focuses on the lives of Vicki Gunvalson , Tamra Judge , Heather Dubrow , Shannon Beador , Meghan King Edmonds and Kelly Dodd . It consisted of 21 episodes
Production and crew
The renewal of the eleventh season of The Real Housewives of Orange County was announced in April 2016 . In May 2016 , the official premier date , cast and trailer were revealed .
The season premiere `` When the Ship Hits the Fan '' was aired on June 20 , 2016 .
while the eighteenth episode `` Vicious Lies and Broken Ties '' served as the season finale , and was aired on October 31 , 2016 . It was followed by a three-part reunion that aired on November 7 , November , 14 and November 21 , 2016 , which marked the conclusion of the season .
Adam Karpel , Alex Baskin , Douglas Ross , Gregory Stewart , Scott Dunlop , Stephanie Boyriven and Andy Cohen are recognized as the series ' executive producers ; it is produced and distributed by Evolution Media .
Cast and synopsis
All five wives featured on the tenth season returned for season eleven . Season ten recurring cast member and former housewife , Lizzie Rovsek departed the series and did not return for season eleven .
Joining the series in the eleventh season is Kelly Dodd , an Arizona native who 's a stay-at home mom currently working through her marital issues . Dodd is described as `` bold and brash '' as well as `` her fiery Latin lineage and unfiltered opinions definitely bring the heat to the OC . ''
Vicki Gunvalson attempts to mend the fractured friendship from last year 's drama regarding Brooks Ayers . Tamra Judge and Heather Dubrow reluctantly accept Gunvalson 's apologies however Shannon Beador is less receptive with mending the friendship . Vicki 's daughter moves back to Orange County from Oklahoma after Gunvalson buys her a home . The return is n't all it 's meant to be as Briana recovers from surgery and Gunvalson 's grandmother duties are on overdrive .
Judge feels in the middle of her son Ryan 's relationship with Sarah and attempts to salvage it .
Dubrow continues with the construction of her home and she also continues to struggles with her workaholic husband and his inability to step away from work . The Dubrow family take a trip to Turk and Caicos to reconnect however once home the children still notice the distance . Dubrow gives Terry some tough advice and her opinion on his choices . Dubrow balances home and business as and launches her new book .
The evening Dodd is introduced to the other wives through Edmonds , on Dubrow 's boat party , she feels Beador is quite reserved and slightly judgmental . After connecting with Gunvalson at the party , Dodd and Vicki start to connect despite Edmonds warnings . After an argument with Beador , Edmonds give Dodd some tough love .
Beador relishes in her marriage being the most solid it has been in years and continues to build on it . Strengthening their marriage , Beador 's husband David surprises Beador with a vow renewal ceremony . The Beadors look for a new home . At Beador 's 1970s-themed party , Beador gets into a huge argument with Dodd about rumors of the past . At the same party , Beador 's husband finds himself in an argument with Gunvalson , also arguing about the past . Despite attempts of reconciliation , the two wives continue to feud . The behavior Dodd displayed during one of her and Beador 's arguments has Dubrow not wanting to associate with Dodd ever again but Judge is determined to have the two work out their differences .
Meghan King Edmonds begins IVF however it 's her mum by her side instead of her husband due to his work commitments . During her IVF treatment , Edmonds seeks out support from Dodd and Dubrow , who have also gone through IVF . Edmonds begins the renovations on her new Orange County home .
Episodes
References
External links
2016 American television seasons
Orange County ( season 11 )
Johnny Farnham Sings the Shows is a studio album by Australian pop singer John Farnham ( known then as Johnny Farnham ) . The album was released in June 1972 . The album featured cover songs , that where standards of musical theatre , including Charlie Girl in which Farnham starred .
Track listing
Side A
`` Charlie Girl '' ( David Heneker & John Taylor )
`` With a Little Bit of Luck '' ( Alan Jay Lerner & Frederick Loewe )
`` Gon na Build a Mountain '' ( Leslie Bricusse & Anthony Newley )
`` I Whistle a Happy Tune '' ( Rodgers and Hammerstein )
`` Who Can I Turn To ? '' ( Bricusse & Newley )
`` Hair '' ( James Rado , Gerome Ragni & Galt MacDermot )
`` Day By Day '' ( Stephen Schwartz )
Side B
`` My Favourite Occupation '' ( Heneker & Taylor )
`` You 'll Never Walk Alone '' ( Rodgers & Hammerstein )
`` Where Is Love ? '' ( Lionel Bart )
`` On the Street Where You Live '' ( Lerner & Loewe )
`` Consider Yourself '' ( Bart )
`` Hello Dolly '' ( Jerry Herman )
`` Jubilation T. Cornpone '' ( Mercer & De Paul )
References
1972 albums
John Farnham albums
In Turkey , a Governor ( Turkish : Vali ) is an official responsible for the implementation of legislation , constitutional and government decisions in individual provinces . There are 81 Governors in Turkey , one for each province , appointed ceremonially by the President on the recommendation of the Interior Ministry . Governors are legally required to be politically neutral and have power over public offices within their Province , including the provincial police force . They also have a certain role in local government , though mayors and councillors are elected to these roles in local elections . The Provincial head of security ( the police force ) also concurrently serves as Deputy Governor .
The Kaymakam , ( roughly translated as 'Sub-Governor ' ) has similar functions and roles as the Governor but operates on a district level .
Governors by province
Appointment
The Governor is officially appointed ( Turkish : atanma ) to his or her role by the President of Turkey . The Ministry of the Interior first presents their candidate for approval to the President . The President then formally appoints the candidate as the Governor of a province .
Term limits
There are no set term limits for Governors , though they can be removed from their position at the will of the Interior Ministry . Governors can also be moved from province to province , meaning that it is not unusual for Governors to be appointed to a Province in which they have no prior experience or personal connection .
Functions
Governors are mainly tasked with the implementation of government legislation and decisions , meaning that they are senior members of the Civil Service .
Ceremonial
During ceremonies or formal national holiday celebrations , the Governor of a province serves as the most senior state official during provincial events unless a national state official ( such as the President ) is in attendance . The Governor presides over the celebrations and formally accepts any awards presented during a ceremony .
Civil service
One of the most important functions of a Governor is to make sure decisions , constitutional requirements and new legislation are implemented within the province over which they preside . They are also tasked with the implementation of any demands of government ministries . In the event that legislation can not be directly or practically implemented , the Governor is responsible for bringing about the conditions in which new legislation is compatible with their province .
The Governor 's powers are decided by government legislation and have the right to issue a 'general command ' to implement government decisions , legislation and constitutional requirements .
Local government
Governors have the right to both supervise and reorganise local government positions , which include district and metropolitan municipalities as well as municipal and provincial councillors . Although local elections are held every five years to elect mayors and councillors , the Governor ( who is unelected ) has the right to inspect the proceedings of local administrations as well as conduct any reorganisations that may be deemed necessary . Any legislative changes to local government ( such as the 2013 local government reorganisation ) are also implemented by the Governor .
Command over public institutions
The Governor has the right to preside over any matters of state that are not already covered by public institutions within a province , or any matters that do not have an assigned public official to deal with them . The Governor can also request public institutions or officials to perform tasks that are related to their aims and purpose if a public institution dealing with said tasks is not available in a province .
The Governor has the right to appoint and move some public officials from their positions , as well as provide them his or her own personal viewpoint on certain matters . The Governor , as mentioned above , can redetermine the remit and the positions of some public officials within a province .
Provincial security
The Governor is the highest level of provincial command of both the police forces and the Gendarmerie . The Deputy Governor concurrently serves as the head of provincial security , who in turn commands both the head of the provincial police force and the head of the provincial Gendarmerie ( A Colonel ) . In order to maintain peace and security , a Governor has the right to take certain decisions intended to stop civil disobediences .
Supergovernor
From July 1987 to 2002 there existed the position of a supergovernor in the OHAL region ( Governorship of Region in State of Emergency ) with extra powers to resettle whole villages . He supervised the provincial governors of up to 13 provinces mainly populated by Kurds . From 1990 on he was able to coordinate the actions between the provincial governors .
Controversies
Since Governors are appointed by the government , there have been concerns over whether Governors can truly be neutral . This is because they are appointed by a partisan government . Several politicians that have become government ministers , such as Efkan Ala and Vecdi Gönül , have previously served as Governors of multiple provinces . Furthermore , Governors have been accused on numerous occasions of acting with bias in favour of the government . İzmir Mayor Aziz Kocaoğlu accused the Governor of İzmir of campaigning for the Justice and Development Party during the 2014 local elections . Governors in Hakkari and Denizli were also accused of forcing public employees to attend President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan 's controversial 'public opening ' rallies before the June 2015 general election . In 2015 , the Peoples ' Democratic Party issued a manifesto pledge to introduce elections for Governors , rather than appointing them through the Interior Ministry .
Central Governors
Besides the 81 Provincial Governors , some Governors who have previously served in a province may be reassigned as a 'Central Governor ' ( Turkish : Merkez Valisi ) . This post does not carry with it any active responsibilities and is effectively a means of terminating a Governor 's term without withdrawing their privileges or suspending their pay ( though their wages are reduced in comparison to provincial governors ) . The 'centre ' ( merkez ) refers to the Ministry of the Interior , where a Central Governor is given a small office but have no role until they are reassigned to govern a province . Central Governors may visit the Interior Ministry whenever they wish . However , Central Governors may be given special tasks should the Interior Minister deem it necessary . Previously , it was possible for a Governor to legal contest their reassignment from a provincial to a central Governor in an attempt to remain in an active gubernatorial role , though this privilege has since been removed .
There are currently around 99 Central Governors , though this number changes frequently along with re-organisation decrees issued by the government .
List of current governors
Recent changes
The government usually appoints or moves serving Governors to different positions through cabinet decrees . Notable decrees are listed below .
See also
Kaymakam
President of Turkey
Ministry of the Interior ( Turkey )
Provinces of Turkey
References
External links
Official website of the Interior Ministry
Gubernatorial titles
Government occupations
Turkish governmental institutions
Governors ( Turkey )
Kendra Ohama ( January 6 , 1965 ) is a Canadian retired wheelchair basketball player . As a member of Team Canada , she won three gold medals and one bronze during the Paralympic Games .
Early life
Ohama was born in Brooks , Alberta on January 6 , 1965 .
Career
After becoming paralyzed from the waist down at the age of 16 following a car accident , Ohama was approached a Calgary Grizzlies player in a store who convinced her to play the sport . She was eventually invited to tryout for the Canada women 's national wheelchair basketball team in 1989 . Ohama made her senior debut at the 1992 Summer Paralympics , where Team Canada won gold . She also won gold at the 1996 and 2000 Paralympic Games and bronze at the 2004 Summer Paralympics . Ohama was later named to Team Canada 's roster for the 2008 Osaka Cup in Japan .
In March 2011 , Ohama was named to Team Canada 's National Team to compete at the 2011 Parapan American Games . Although the Calgary Rollers finished in third place , she was selected as a Tournament All-Star . In June , Ohama was awarded a $ 5,000 Team Investors Group Amateur Athletes Fund bursary . The next year , Ohama was selected to compete at the 2012 Summer Paralympics . On December 22 , 2012 , Ohama announced her retirement from the Canadian women 's wheelchair basketball team . After retiring , she became a goldsmith at a family-run business called `` The Goldsmiths . ''
References
Living people
1965 births
Paralympic gold medalists for Canada
Sportspeople from Alberta
Basketball people from Alberta
People from Brooks , Alberta
Paralympic bronze medalists for Canada
Canadian women 's wheelchair basketball players
Goldsmiths
Paralympic medalists in wheelchair basketball
Medalists at the 1992 Summer Paralympics
Medalists at the 1996 Summer Paralympics
Medalists at the 2000 Summer Paralympics
Medalists at the 2004 Summer Paralympics
Wheelchair basketball players at the 1992 Summer Paralympics
Wheelchair basketball players at the 1996 Summer Paralympics
Wheelchair basketball players at the 2000 Summer Paralympics
Wheelchair basketball players at the 2004 Summer Paralympics
Paralympic wheelchair basketball players of Canada
Deybuk ( ; Dargwa : ДейбукI ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) in Sagasi-Deybuksky Selsoviet , Kayakentsky District , Republic of Dagestan , Russia . The population was 435 as of 2010 .
Nationalities
Dargins live there .
Geography
Deybuk is located 8 km southwest of Novokayakent ( the district 's administrative centre ) by road . Kishcha and Meusisha are the nearest rural localities .
References
Rural localities in Kayakentsky District
Stephen Yarwood ( born 23 March 1971 ) is an Australian urban futurist and the former lord mayor of the City of Adelaide in South Australia , serving from 2010 to 2014 .
Yarwood became a central ward councillor in the City of Adelaide in 2007 , and in 2008 was elected to the position of deputy lord mayor . In 2010 he won the mayoral election . Elected at 39 years old , Yarwood remains the youngest lord mayor in the city 's history .
Early life and education
Yarwood was born in Whyalla , South Australia . After moving to Adelaide , he attended Norwood Morialta High School and graduated from the University of South Australia in 1993 with a Bachelor of Arts ( Planning ) , later completing Graduate Diplomas in Regional & Urban Planning and Environmental Studies and an MBA from Masters of Business Administration from the University of Adelaide .
Early career
Yarwood worked in South Australian State Government as an urban planner , was the research officer to the Environment , Resources and Development Committee of the South Australian Parliament and the principal planner at the City of Playford .
Yarwood was the recipient of a Multi-Function Polis Scholarship to study `` Future Cities '' in Japan 's Science and Technology City Tsukuba in 2002 and attended Aarhus Business School Summer School program in Denmark in 2009 . He has researched city planning and governance , worked and/or led delegations to Canada , USA , Scandinavia/Europe , the Middle East , Japan , Thailand , Singapore , China , India and New Zealand .
Adelaide City Council
Yarwood was elected as central ward councillor to the Adelaide City Council in 2007 and served as Deputy Lord Mayor from 2008 to 2009 . Yarwood won the Lord Mayoral election in 2010 , with 3169 votes , 884 votes ahead of the second-placed candidate . During his time as Lord Mayor , Yarwood oversaw the redevelopment of the Rundle Mall and Victoria Square , the implementation of the citywide Wi-Fi network and CISCO smart cities agreement , the first sister city agreement in 30 years with Qingdao , China , environmental initiatives including accelerated trees plantings and an ambitious carbon neutral action plan , integrated transport vision that included significant walking and cycling infrastructure and hosting the premier cycling conference `` VeloCity Global '' .
Yarwood was the Chair of the Adelaide Park Lands Authority , Dual Chair of the Reconciliation Committee and also sat on the Capital City Committee and Rundle Mall Management Authority .
Later career
In 2015 , Yarwood founded city2050 , ' a consultancy specialising in long term transformative strategic planning ' for cities . city2050 provides training , speaking and consulting services , working with `` cities , states , nations , corporations and communities '' .
In 2016 , Yarwood was announced as a founding member of the Airbnb Mayoral Advisory Board , alongside three former mayors from the U.S. and Italy . The aims to strengthen Airbnb 's partnerships with cities worldwide ; reviewing policies , providing feedback on upcoming Airbnb products and initiatives , and providing Airbnb with 'valuable insights gained from years leading some of the world 's greatest cities ' .
References
External links
Official Website
Living people
Mayors and Lord Mayors of Adelaide
People from Whyalla
South Australian local councillors
1971 births
The 1949 Mississippi State Maroons football team represented Mississippi State College as a member of the Southeastern Conference ( SEC ) during the 1949 college football season . In their first season under new head coach Arthur Morton , the Maroons compiled an overall record of 0–8–1 and finished last of 12 teams in the SEC with a conference mark of 0–6 . Mississippi State failed to score more than seven points in any game all season .
Schedule
References
Mississippi State
Mississippi State Bulldogs football seasons
College football winless seasons
Mississippi State Maroons football
S1 , SB1 , SM1 are disability swimming classifications used for categorising swimmers based on their level of disability . The classifications cover athletes with `` very severe coordination problems in four limbs or have no use of their legs , trunk , hands and minimal use of their shoulders only '' . Swimmers in this class have a variety of different disabilities including cerebral palsy .
Swimming events available for people in this class include the 50m and 100m Freestyle , 200m Freestyle , 50m Backstroke , 50m Butterfly , 50m Breaststroke and 150m Individual Medley events .
Definition
This classification is for swimming . In the classification title , S represents Freestyle , Backstroke and Butterfly strokes . SB means breaststroke . SM means individual medley . Swimming classifications are on a gradient , with one being the most severely physically impaired to ten having the least amount of physical disability . Jane Buckley , writing for the Sporting Wheelies , describes the swimmers in this classification as having : `` with very severe coordination problems in four limbs or have no use of their legs , trunk , hands and minimal use of their shoulders only . These swimmers usually only swim on their back . Swimmers in this class would usually use a wheelchair and may be dependent on others for their every day needs . '' The Yass Tribune defined this classification in 2007 as `` athlete 's with a minimal range of movement and muscular tone '' . Swimmers in this classification typically use a wheelchair , swim on their backs , have almost no use of their legs and limited use of their upper body .
Disability groups
Cerebral palsy
One of the disability groups in this classification is swimmers with cerebral palsy , including CP1 classified swimmers .
Some CP1 swimmers in this class require floaters to race . The use of such devices is not allowed in IPC sanctioned events , but is allowed in CP-ISRA sanctioned ones . CP1 swimmers tend to have a passive normalized drag in the range of 1.3 to 1.7 . This puts them into the passive drag band of PDB1 , and PDB3 . CP1 sportspeople tend to use electric wheelchairs . They may have controlled shakes and twitches . They have severely limited use of their trunk and limbs . When participating in sport , CP1 competitors tend to have low energy expenditure . This bodily activity can spike their metabolic rate .
Spinal cord injuries
People with spinal cord injuries compete in this class , including F1 and F2 sportspeople .
F1
This is wheelchair sport classification that corresponds to the neurological level C6 . In the past , this class was known as 1A Complete . Disabled Sports USA defined the anatomical definition of this class in 2003 as , `` Have functional elbow flexors and wrist dorsi-flexors . May have elbow extensors ( up to power 3 ) but usually do not have wrist palmar flexors . May have shoulder weakness . Have no sitting balance . '' People with C4 lesions have head control , and limited respiratory endurance . People with C5 lesions have abduction of the arms , and flexion of the arm . People with C6 lesions have abduction and flexion of the arms , and wrist extension .
The location of lesions on different vertebrae tend to be associated with disability levels and functionality issues . People with C4 lesions can control electronic devices using a mouth controlled joystick . People with a lesion at C5 or C6 have an impairment that effects the use of their hands and lower arm . People with C5 can perform some actions with one of their arms , and can propel a wheelchair with modified rims that make it easier to do . People with C6 can have a weak grasp with their wrist . They can roll over in bed . They have some independence in that they can eat and groom themselves without assistance . They may also be able to transfer themselves to a wheelchair . In terms of motor functions , people in this class who are C4-C6 tetraplegics may have issues with their biceps , deltoids , rhomboids and rotor cuffs . They may have an absence of sensation in their hands , wrists and forearms . People in this class have a total respiratory capacity of 81 % compared to people without a disability . The functional characteristics for this class at the 1990 Stoke Mandeville Games had this class scoring a 0 - 3 for triceps on the MRC scale , with severe weakness of the trunk and lower limbs .
People with spinal cord injuries in S1 tend to be tetraplegics with complete lesions below C5 . These S1 swimmers have no hand or wrist flexion so are unable to catch water . Because of a lack of trunk control , they are unstable in the water and have hip drag . As they have no leg and back control , their legs are normally dragged in the water in a flexed position . They normally swim the backstroke using a double arm technique . They start in the water with assistance for initial propulsion .
For swimming with the most severe disabilities at the 1984 Summer Paralympics , floating devices and a swimming coach in the water swimming next to the Paralympic competitor were allowed . A study of was done comparing the performance of athletics competitors at the 1984 Summer Paralympics . It found there was little significant difference in performance times between women in 1A ( SP1 , SP2 ) , 1B ( SP3 ) , and 1C ( SP3 , SP4 ) in the 25m breaststroke . It found there was little significant difference in performance times between women in 1A ( SP1 , SP2 ) , 1B ( SP3 ) , and 1C ( SP3 , SP4 ) in the 25m backstroke . It found there was little significant difference in performance times between women in 1A ( SP1 , SP2 ) , 1B ( SP3 ) , and 1C ( SP3 , SP4 ) in the 25m freestyle . It found there was little significant difference in performance times between men in 1A ( SP1 , SP2 ) , 1B ( SP3 ) , and 1C ( SP3 , SP4 ) in the 25m backstroke . It found there was little significant difference in performance times between men in 1A ( SP1 , SP2 ) , 1B ( SP3 ) , and 1C ( SP3 , SP4 ) in the 25m freestyle . It found there was little significant difference in performance times between men in 1A ( SP1 , SP2 ) , and 1B ( SP3 ) in the 25m breaststroke .
F2
This is wheelchair sport classification that corresponds to the neurological level C7 . In the past , this class was known as 1B Complete , 1A Incomplete . The location of lesions on different vertebrae tend to be associated with disability levels and functionality issues . C7 is associated with elbow flexors . C8 is associated with finger flexors . Disabled Sports USA defined the anatomical definition of this class in 2003 as , `` '' Have functional elbow flexors and extensors , wrist dorsi-flexors and palmar flexors . Have good shoulder muscle function . May have some finger flexion and extension but not functional . '' People with lesions at C7 have stabilization and extension of the elbow and some extension of the wrist . People with a lesion at C7 have an impairment that effects the use of their hands and lower arm . They can use a wheelchair using their own power , and do everyday tasks like eating , dressing , and normal physical maintenance . People in this class have a total respiratory capacity of 79 % compared to people without a disability .
Swimming classification is done based on a total points system , with a variety of functional and medical tests being used as part of a formula to assign a class . Part of this test involves the Adapted Medical Research Council ( MRC ) scale . For upper trunk extension , C8 complete are given 0 points .
When classified S1 , these swimmers have no hand or wrist flexion so are unable to catch water . Because of a lack of trunk control , they are unstable in the water and have hip drag . As they have no leg and back control , their legs are normally dragged in the water in a flexed position . They normally swim the backstroke using a double arm technique . They start in the water with assistance for initial propulsion .
For swimming with the most severe disabilities at the 1984 Summer Paralympics , floating devices and a swimming coach in the water swimming next to the Paralympic competitor were allowed . A study of was done comparing the performance of athletics competitors at the 1984 Summer Paralympics . It found there was little significant difference in performance times between women in 1A ( SP1 , SP2 ) , 1B ( SP3 ) , and 1C ( SP3 , SP4 ) in the 25m breaststroke . It found there was little significant difference in performance times between women in 1A ( SP1 , SP2 ) , 1B ( SP3 ) , and 1C ( SP3 , SP4 ) in the 25m backstroke . It found there was little significant difference in performance times between women in 1A ( SP1 , SP2 ) , 1B ( SP3 ) , and 1C ( SP3 , SP4 ) in the 25m freestyle . It found there was little significant difference in performance times between men in 1A ( SP1 , SP2 ) , 1B ( SP3 ) , and 1C ( SP3 , SP4 ) in the 25m backstroke . It found there was little significant difference in performance times between men in 1A ( SP1 , SP2 ) , 1B ( SP3 ) , and 1C ( SP3 , SP4 ) in the 25m freestyle . It found there was little significant difference in performance times between men in 1A ( SP1 , SP2 ) , and 1B ( SP3 ) in the 25m breaststroke .
History
The classification was created by the International Paralympic Committee and has roots in a 2003 attempt to address `` the overall objective to support and co-ordinate the ongoing development of accurate , reliable , consistent and credible sport focused classification systems and their implementation . ''
Events
There are a number of events that are available for swimmers in this class . They include the 50m and 100m Freestyle , 200m Freestyle , 50m Backstroke , 50m Butterfly , 50m Breaststroke and 150m Individual Medley events .
At the Paralympic Games
For this classification , organisers of the Paralympic Games have the option of including the following events on the Paralympic programme : 50m and 100m Freestyle , 200m Freestyle , 50m Backstroke , 50m Butterfly , 50m Breaststroke and 150m Individual Medley events .
For the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio , the International Paralympic Committee had a zero classification at the Games policy . This policy was put into place in 2014 , with the goal of avoiding last minute changes in classes that would negatively impact athlete training preparations . All competitors needed to be internationally classified with their classification status confirmed prior to the Games , with exceptions to this policy being dealt with on a case-by-case basis .
Records
In the S1 50 m Freestyle Long Course , the men 's world record is held by Israel 's Itzhak Mamistvalov with a time of 01:04.57 and the women 's world record is held by Ukrainian Ganna Ielisavetska with a time of 01:11.73 in 2009 . In the S1 100 m Freestyle Long Course , the men 's world record is held by Israel 's Itzhak Mamistvalov and the women 's world record is held by Iryna Sotska .
Competitors
American swimmers who have been classified by the United States Paralympic Committee as being in these class include Grover Evans , Jennifer Johnson and Rick Keeton . Other swimmers from this class include Greece 's Alex Taxildaris , Greece 's Andreas Katsaros , Ukraine 's Anton Kol , Greece 's Apostolos Tsaousi ] , United States 's Breanna Marguerite Sprenger , Greece 's Christos Tampaxis , Ukraine 's Hennadii Boiko , Israel 's Itzhak Mamistvalov , Colombia 's Luis Eduardo Rojas Osorno , Ukraine 's Oleksandr Golovko , Canada 's Sarah Lapp , and
Russia 's Yana Kostina .
Getting classified
Swimming classification for S1 swimmers generally has three components . The first is a bench press . The second is water test . The third is in competition observation . As part of the water test , swimmers are often required to demonstrate their swimming technique for all four strokes . They usually swim a distance of 25 meters for each stroke . They are also generally required to demonstrate how they enter the water and how they turn in the pool .
In Australia , to be classified in this category , athletes contact the Australian Paralympic Committee or their state swimming governing body . In the United States , classification is handled by the United States Paralympic Committee on a national level . The classification test has three components : `` a bench test , a water test , observation during competition . '' American swimmers are assessed by four people : a medical classified , two general classified and a technical classifier .
References
Swimming at the Summer Paralympics
Parasports classifications
The Felixstowe F.4 Fury ( serial N123 ) , also known as the Porte Super-Baby , was a large British , five-engined triplane flying-boat designed by John Cyril Porte at the Seaplane Experimental Station , Felixstowe , inspired by the Wanamaker Triplane/Curtiss Model T. At the time the Fury was the largest seaplane in the world , the largest British aircraft , and the first aircraft controlled successfully by servo-assisted means .
The test-flying programme demonstrated the aircraft 's suitability for long-distance flight , however on 11 August 1919 ( the eve of a planned flight from England to South Africa ) it stalled and crashed into the sea after take-off , killing one member of the crew and suffering irrepairable damage .
Development
Started in early 1917 , the Porte Super-baby was a huge aircraft by the standards of the time , with a wingspan comparable to the monoplane flying-boat designs of the 1930s . Construction was superintended by Warrant Officer R. Gowing at Felixstowe . The hull , claimed to have been the best of all Porte 's designs , was planked diagonally with cedar wood forming a very wide , slightly concave v-bottom with large fuselage chines . Previous Felixstowe hulls used a straight edged section . Experiments on the effect of different steps in the hull were carried out on a model in the Froude tank at the National Physical Laboratory , first with one , then two and three , finally reverting to two steps .
It was assembled and photographed at Felixstowe as early as 2 October 1918 , but delivered on 31 October , with the first flight taking place on the 11th of November with Porte at the controls . Conceived for military purposes and armed with Lewis guns the Fury did not see active duties , its first flight on Armistice Day meant focus was paid to the aircraft 's civilian capabilities .
The Fury 's unstaggered wings comprised the 3-bay lower wings , mounted near the top of the hull , and a pair of 4-bay upper wings of larger span . All were supported by pairs of vertical struts and diagonal cross-bracing . The original design specified three Rolls-Royce Condor engines , but these were not available and five Rolls-Royce Eagle VII engines were fitted instead . These were mounted on the middle wing and supported by additional struts , configured as two outboard tandem tractor/pusher ( push-pull ) pairs and one central pusher . In addition to its triplane wing configuration , the Fury had a biplane tailplane with three rudders , mounted on a single vertical fin similar to the Curtiss triplane . The Fury was initially provided with servo-motors for the main flight control surfaces , designed by Major Arthur Quilton Cooper , but these were removed later without compromising the pilot 's ability to control this large aircraft . At some point the engines were replaced with more powerful Eagle VIIIs .
On 24 April 1919 , the Fury performed a 7-hour flight . Flown initially with a designed weight of its overload weight was , and the aircraft performed well at both limits .
Operational history
With the intense competition in early 1919 to achieve the first transatlantic flight , it was planned to join other teams in the race by shipping the Fury to Cape Broyle , Newfoundland . The intention being a non-stop flight , however the aircraft 's size presented a problem as no vessel with a capacity large enough could be found as transport and the project was officially opposed on grounds of expense , despite the crossing being well within the Fury 's capabilities ; fuel capacity was 1,500 gallons ( 6,819 litres ) . The Air Ministry 's preference to leave the non-stop achievement to a commercial venture , led to the abandonment of the attempt about the third week of May 1919 , when flight tests resumed .
The first Atlantic crossing by the Curtiss NC-4 starting 8 May , reached Lisbon 27 May 1919 arriving in Plymouth on the 31st to great fanfare as the first flight from North America ( United States , Canada , and Newfoundland ) to Great Britain and Ireland . The first non-stop Atlantic crossing by Alcock and Brown followed a few weeks later using a modified Vickers Vimy landing in Clifden , Ireland 15 June .
Plans were then made for another long-distance flight , this time for the 8,000-mile ( 12,875 km ) flight from England to Cape Town , South Africa via Gibraltar , Malta , Alexandria , Khartoum , Victoria Nyanza , Lake Tanganyika , Lake Nyassa , Beira and Durban . This was due to start on 12 August 1919 from Plymouth ; refuelling and revictualling depots were established throughout the journey supported by detailed meteorological reports . Final preparations were being made on 11 August at Felixstowe when the aircraft side-slipped at low altitude and crashed at 90 mph shortly after take-off , breaking up on impact . The accident in the harbour , about 500 yards off-shore was witnessed by large crowds of holidaymakers .
Despite attempts at rescue , one of the 7-person crew ( wireless operator Lt S.E.S . McLeod ) , remained strapped to his seat and drowned . The surviving crew members rescued by pinnaces were : Officer in charge , Colonel T.S.M . Fellowes , Pilots , Major E.R . Moon and Captain C.L . Scott , chief engineer , Lt J.F . Armitt and mechanics , W/O J.G . Cockburn and W/O H.S . Locker . McLeod 's body was recovered after the rescue and the wreck was eventually towed ashore .
The crash was a surprise as the Fury was subject to exhaustive tests in the 12 weeks prior to the flight , surpassing the crews expectations who had every confidence in the aircraft . Flight tests were in accordance with RAF safety margins , however Chief of the Air Staff , Air Vice Marshal Hugh Trenchard regarded the journey as a service reliability test and no details of the project were published .
The Felixstowe Fury was the last aircraft to be designed by Porte at Felixstowe ; demobilised , he already left the Royal Air Force working with the Gosport Aircraft Company on their flying boats . Without Porte and Chief Technical Officer John Douglas Rennie to supervise , the Fury may have been loaded incorrectly .
Major Moon at the controls apparently left the water before the safe flying speed and with insufficient power left to draw on , the aircraft stalled .
Two months after the Fury 's destruction Porte succumbed suddenly to pulmonary tuberculosis , dying on 22 October 1919 , aged 35 .
Variants
Gosport G9
Unrealised commercial version of the Fury designed primarily for carrying mail and valuable cargo long distance over sea or 10-12 passengers and three crew with a loaded weight of 28-29,000 lb , 3100 lbs of cargo .
Fitted with three Rolls-Royce Condor engines in a two tractor and one central pusher configuration - as originally intended for the Fury , two 1000 hp Cosmos Hercules engines or four 450 hp Napier Lion engines in push-pull pairs . The design was similar to Porte 's G5 variant of the Felixstowe F.5 .
Operators
Royal Air Force
Seaplane Experimental Station , Felixstowe
No . 4 Communications Squadron
Specifications Fury ( at `` Medium load '' )
See also
Curtiss NC
Handley Page V/1500 Atlantic
Sopwith Atlantic
Tarrant Tabor
Fairey N.4
References
External links
including the Fury hull being weighed , assembly at the Seaplane Experimental Station and the aircraft with its revised tailplane .
1910s British experimental aircraft
Fury
Flying boats
Triplanes
Five-engined push-pull aircraft
Aircraft first flown in 1918
Poecilasthena urarcha is a moth in the family Geometridae . It is found in Australia , including Tasmania .
References
Moths described in 1891
Poecilasthena
Moths of Australia
Cynthia Ling Lee is an American dancer , choreographer , and scholar . She performs in contemporary , postmodern , and classical Indian dance techniques . Her research focuses on queer and postcolonial experiences in Asian diasporic performance .
Biography
Lee was raised in Texas by immigrant parents from Taiwan . She is of Han Chinese and Indigenous Taiwanese descent . As a child she trained in classical piano and did not begin studying dance until she was in high school , when she began taking Chinese folk dance and modern dance . She attended Swarthmore College , where she majored in English and minored in dance . After graduating from Swarthmore , she was awarded the Thomas J. Watson Fellowship to study religious dance in Thailand , India , and Brazil . While studying in India , she was introduced to Kathak , a form of Indian classical dance . She began studying Kathak and researched the connection between choreography and interculturalism . Lee returned to the United States and earned a Master of Fine Arts degree in Dance at the University of California , Los Angeles . She joined UCLA 's Center for Intercultural Performance 's World Festival of Sacred Music as a staff member .
After graduate school , Lee joined the Post Natyam Collective , a transnational coalition of dance artists that engage in critical approaches to South Asian dance . She joined the faculty at the University of North Carolina at Greensboro as an assistant professor of dance in the College of Visual and Performing Arts ' School of Dance . She later joined the faculty at the University of California , Santa Cruz as an assistant professor of theatre arts , teaching contemporary dance and Kathak . Her choreographic work and research focuses on postcolonial , queer , and feminist-of-color interventions in Asian diasporic performance . She has performed at the Dance Theater Workshop in New York , East West Players in Los Angeles , the IGNITE ! Festival of Contemporary Dance in New Delhi , and Chandra-Mandapa : Spaces in Chennai .
Lee is an executive board member of the Network of Ensemble Theatres .
References
Living people
21st-century American dancers
American contemporary dancers
American women choreographers
American choreographers
American female dancers
Kathak exponents
LGBT dancers
LGBT people from Texas
Queer women
Swarthmore College alumni
University of California , Los Angeles alumni
University of California , Santa Cruz faculty
University of North Carolina at Greensboro faculty
Year of birth missing ( living people )
American women academics
21st-century American women
21st-century LGBT people
The 2011 KPL Top 8 Cup was the inaugural edition of the tournament , which was contested by the top 8 teams of the 2010 Kenyan Premier League season : Gor Mahia , Karuturi Sports , Mathare United , Sofapaka , Sony Sugar , Tusker F.C. , Ulinzi Stars ( eventual winners ) and Western Stima . All matches were played at the Nyayo National Stadium .
2010 Kenyan Premier League standings
Bracket
Quarter-finals
The quarter-final ties were played between 9 March and 13 April 2011 .
Semi-finals
The first leg and second leg of the semi-finals were played between 20 April and 25 May 2011 .
First leg
Second leg
Sofapaka 3–3 Western Stima on aggregate . Western Stima won on away goals ( 2–1 ) .
Final
The final was played on 25 June 2011 between Ulinzi Stars and Western Stima .
References
External links
Kenyan Premier League - Official Website
Futaa.com - Top 8 Cup 2011
KPL Top 8 Cup seasons
Top 8 Cup
Download ( formerly Friday Night Download ) is an Australian TV show hosted by Friday Night Games hosts Mike Goldman , Ryan Fitzgerald and Bree Amer . The show first aired on 26 October 2007 . A second series began on 17 October 2008 , but the show was pulled from schedules only two episodes into its run .
Overview
Download showcased video clips collected from the Internet , such as those hosted on YouTube and Google Video . The show also prompted viewers to submit their own videos to the show .
Download also labels the hosts ' top 5 favourite video downloads , each one shown just before a commercial break .
Reception
The Sydney Morning Herald TV critic noted that the videos shown on the show could be viewed as easily on the internet without advertisement breaks , and as such claimed it should be `` hosed off the pavement forthwith '' .
The show only averaged 748,000 viewers on its premiere night and was beaten by the Seven Network 's Better Homes and Gardens . Although rating good enough for Ten to retain the show for their 2008 lineup , the show was axed when it slumped to 526,000 viewers in its last aired episode .
See also
i-Caught
References
External links
Download TV Series
Australian comedy television series
2007 Australian television series debuts
2008 Australian television series endings
Network 10 original programming
Television series by Endemol Australia
Television series by Endemol
Television shows set in Brisbane
Sütleğen , Kaş is a village in the District of Kaş , Antalya Province , Turkey .
References
Villages in Kaş District
Los Huipas refers to the media-coined nickname of a group of Mexican serial killers , all of whom were members of the Mayo ethnic group . They are considered the first serial killers of indigenous descent in the country .
Eusebio Yocupicio Soto was the leader .
The rest of the members included :
Adelaido Huipas Quijano
Leonardo Yocupicio Huipas
Basilio Humo Valenzuela
All natives of Huatabampo , Sonora , the men were first and second cousins , whom allegedly had incestual homosexual relationships with one another . Rumors about their lifestyles led to them being marginalized and discriminated against by the rest of the community . Motivated by their desire for revenge , between 1949 and 1950 , the gang ended up murdering seven men , who had previously ridiculed them . Using deception , they would lure their victims to a secluded hut , where they stabbed , strangled , or beat them to death . After the killings , they would mutilate the corpses , preserving the castrated genitals from the bodies .
They were arrested on April 13 , 1950 , following a complaint from Felipe Buitimia , the father of Los Huipas ' last victim - Vicente Buitimia . The four were sentenced to death , but after the abolition of the death penalty in Mexico , each of their sentences were commuted to 30 years imprisonment . Eusebio and Basilio died in prison from tuberculosis , while Adelaido and Leonardo served out their sentences fully , with nothing known about them after their release .
References
1940s murders in Mexico
Incidents of violence against men
Male serial killers
Mexican serial killers
Murder in Mexico
People from Huatabampo
Serial killers who died in prison custody
Violence against men in North America
1949 murders in Mexico
1950 murders in Mexico
Rafikov ( ) is a masculine surname , its feminine counterpart is Rafikova . It may refer to
Alimzhon Rafikov ( born 1962 ) , Tajikistani football player
Mars Rafikov ( 1933–2000 ) , Soviet cosmonaut
Rushan Rafikov ( born 1995 ) , Russian ice hockey player
Vyacheslav Rafikov ( born 1986 ) , Russian football player
Brownsboro Independent School District is a public school district based in Brownsboro , Texas ( USA ) .
In addition to Brownsboro , the district serves the cities of Chandler and portions of Coffee City , Athens , Murchison , and Moore Station in northeastern Henderson County .
In 2010 , the school district was rated `` recognized '' by the Texas Education Agency .
Schools
High school ( Grades 9-12 )
Brownsboro High School ( Texas )
Junior high school ( Grades 7-8 )
Brownsboro Junior High
The Brownsboro Junior High mascot is the `` Bears '' . This came from a brown bear that terrorized the local area in the early 1900 's . Many people moved from the area , often escaping to Van , TX due to the vicious animal 's inability to cross the Interstate and how the Van Vandals often run from Bears when they get scared . This brown bear fit in well with the town 's name due to the name `` Brown '' and `` Bear '' . Many people in the Brownsboro area wanted to name their school mascot the burro to fit into the name of the town `` Browns burro 's '' . The idea was struck down due to the fear that people would call Brownsboro students donkeys . Eventually , the name was incorporated into law at the same time that the California Gold Rush was taking place . This `` fact '' shows the students the need to understand that it is important to use primary source documents and not to use a secondary source that could be false when researching their projects .
Intermediate schools ( Grades 4-6 )
Brownsboro Intermediate
Chandler Intermediate
Elementary schools ( Grades PK-3 )
Brownsboro Elementary
Chandler Elementary
2004 National Blue Ribbon School
References
External links
Brownsboro ISD
School districts in Henderson County , Texas
Güzelöz , Nallıhan is a village in the District of Nallıhan , Ankara Province , Turkey .
References
Villages in Nallıhan District
Currency Press is a leading performing arts publisher and its oldest independent publisher still active . Their list includes plays and screenplays , professional handbooks , biographies , cultural histories , critical studies and reference works .
History
Currency Press was founded by Katharine Brisbane , then national theatre critic for The Australian newspaper , and her husband Philip Parsons , a lecturer in Drama at the University of New South Wales . After Philip 's death in 1993 , Katharine remained at the helm of the company until she retired as Publisher in December 2001 to devote her energies to Currency House , a non-profit association dedicated to the Australian performing arts . Currency press is currently run by her son Nicholas Parsons
Description
Currency Press is a leading Australian specialist performing arts publisher , and its oldest independent publisher still active . It is located in the Sydney suburb of Redfern .
Awards
In 2011 , Currency Press received the Dorothy Crawford Award for Outstanding Contribution to the Profession at the AWGIE Awards .
Selected titles
Plays
Away by Michael Gow ( 1986 ) – winner of the 1986 New South Wales Premier 's Literary Award – Play Award
Blackrock by Nick Enright – It 's Toby Ackland 's birthday party down near the surf club – and that means grog , drugs and fun ; by the morning a young girl is dead – raped and bashed with a rock . Included by the Australian Society of Authors in its list of Australia 's 200 best literary works
The Chapel Perilous by Dorothy Hewett – expressionist/epic drama . A defiant young poet engages in a quest for love and freedom , while oppressed by authority figures and disappointed by unsatisfactory lovers , ultimately finding only a limited fame .
Cloudstreet by Nick Enright & Justin Monjo ( 1999 ) – an adaptation of Tim Winton 's classic novel , and winner of the 1999 Gold AWGIE Award
The Club by David Williamson – a play set behind the scenes of a football club ; a head-on tackle of brawn versus bureaucracy
Così by Louis Nowra – winner of the 1992 New South Wales Premier 's Literary Award – Play Award
Dead Heart by Nick Parsons – winner of the 1994 Australian Human Rights Award , the 1993 NSW State Premier 's Literary Award – Play Award and the 1993 AWGIE Award for Drama
Diving for Pearls by Katherine Thomson – winner of the 1991 Victorian Premier 's Award – Louis Esson Prize for Drama
Don 's Party by David Williamson – on the night of the 1969 election , guests drink heavily and snipe about their failed aspirations and the emptiness of their lives
The Ham Funeral by Patrick White ( 1948 ) – part lyric poem , part gothic drama , a dark and vulgar investigation of he human condition
Holding the Man by Tommy Murphy ( 2007 ) – an adaptation of Timothy Conigrave 's best-selling memoir
Hotel Sorrento by Hannie Rayson ( 1990 ) – winner of the 1990 AWGIE Award – Stage Award , 1990 NSW Premier 's Literary Award for Drama and the 1990 Green Room Award for Best Play .
Macquarie by Alex Buzo – traces the decline of Governor Lachlan Macquarie 's authority in the infant colony of New South Wales ; it was the first play published by Currency Press
The Man from Mukinupin by Dorothy Hewett ( 1978 ) . Romantic romp through Dark and Light in a Western Australian wheatbelt town
No Sugar by Jack Davis – winner of the 1992 Kate Challis RAKA Award for Drama and the 1987 WA Premier 's Book Awards – Special Award
Norm and Ahmed by Alex Buzo shows race prejudice as a profoundly irrational force in the behaviour of ordinary Australians
Out of the Ordinary by Alex Vickery-Howe
The Removalists by David Williamson – winner of the 1972 AWGIE Award – Best Stage Play and Best Script , as well as the Evening Standard Award for Most Promising Playwright . Included by the Australian Society of Authors in its list of Australia 's 200 best literary works
The Rivers of China by Alma De Groen ( 1987 ) – winner of the Premier 's Award in both NSW and Victoria
The Season at Sarsaparilla by Patrick White – neighbours are held by their environment , waiting with determination , but little expectation , for the inevitable cycle of birth , copulation and death
Speaking in Tongues by Andrew Bovell ( 1996 ) – winner of the 1997 AWGIE Award – Stage Award ; this is the play upon which Lantana was based
Stolen by Jane Harrison – this tender and moving story brought the tragic history of the Stolen Generations to the Australian stage ; winner of the 2002 Kate Challis RAKA Award
Summer of the Seventeenth Doll by Ray Lawler ( 1955 ) – a defining moment in Australian theatre history , and a beacon in the Australian dramatic canon
The Time is Not Yet Ripe by Louis Esson – a political comedy from 1912 in which the forces of socialism , feminism and conservatism fight out an election and an engagement to marry
The Woman in the Window by Alma De Groen – supported by the Literature Board of the Australia Council and short-listed for the 1999 NSW Premier 's Award for Drama
Seven of these plays have been included in the Australian Society of Authors ' list of Australia 's 200 best literary works .
Screenplays
Blue Murder by Ian David – a powerful and frightening story about police corruption and Sydney 's underworld
Chopper by Andrew Dominik – goes inside the mind of Mark Brandon 'Chopper ' Read , one of Australia 's most notorious criminals
Muriel 's Wedding by P. J. Hogan – Muriel , an unhappy young woman in dismal surroundings , sets out to overcome obstacles such as her family , her joblessness , and her obsession with 70s glam rockers ABBA
Rabbit Proof Fence by Christine Olsen – three Aboriginal girls are forcibly removed from their outback families in 1931 to be trained as domestic servants as part of official government policy
Strictly Ballroom by Baz Luhrmann and Craig Pearce – an exuberant story about the struggle for love and creativity in a world limited by greed and regulation
References
External links
Guide to the Records of Currency Press , National Library of Australia
Arts in Australia
Australian Plays
Book publishing companies of Australia
Performing Arts in Australia
Theatre in Australia
The Maritime Squadron of the Armed Forces of Malta ( ) is the naval component of the Maltese military . The Maritime Squadron has responsibility for the security of Maltese territorial waters , maritime surveillance and law enforcement , as well as search and rescue . It is based at Hay Wharf in Floriana .
The Maritime Squadron was established in November 1970 as the Maritime Troop of the Malta Land Force . Its name changed a number of times :
Maritime Troop of the Malta Land Force ( 1970–1971 )
1st ( Maritime ) Battery of the Malta Land Force ( 1971–1973 )
1st ( Maritime ) Battery of the Armed Forces of Malta ( 1973–1980 )
Maritime Squadron of the Armed Forces of Malta ( 1980–present )
History
Malta 's first navy was built when it was under the Order of Saint John . It was a powerful navy with ships such as the Santa Anna . The Order participated in various naval exploits against the Ottoman Empire while based in Malta , most notably the Battle of Lepanto of 1571 and the Battle of the Dardanelles of 1656 . In the 17th and early 18th centuries Maltese vessels also went for corsairing expeditions against Muslim ships . Eventually corsairing decreased and the Order was weak and bankrupt , so there was little resistance when Napoleon landed on Malta in 1798 . The Order 's navy , including the ships of the line San Zaccharia and San Giovanni , was integrated into the French navy and Malta no longer had its own naval force .
Soon after the British occupied the island , the Mediterranean Fleet of the Royal Navy transferred its base to Malta . Malta became a hub of naval activity due to its harbours and strategic position , and it remained so during the Second World War and until the 1960s . The Mediterranean Fleet was disbanded in 1967 , and three years later Malta 's first naval force appeared after over 150 years . The Maritime Troop of the Malta Land Force was established in November 1970 and two Swift boats were transferred to Malta from the United States Coast Guard in January 1971 . In July 1971 the force was renamed 1st ( Maritime ) Battery of the Malta Land Force and was based in Senglea . In the 1970s , the number of patrol boats increased as West Germany and Libya gave Malta some of their former customs launches . In 1973 a vessel built at the Malta Drydocks for the Customs Department was taken over by the Maritime Battery .
In 1977 , the Battery moved to its present base at Hay Wharf , or Xatt it-Tiben . In 1978 , the British gave Malta two search and rescue launches , and in 1979 they left Malta completely , handing over all their former responsibilities to the Battery . On 1 April 1980 it was renamed Maritime Squadron of the Armed Forces of Malta , as it is today . In the 1980s and 1990s , Yugoslavia , the United States , Italy gave more vessels to Malta . Malta purchased patrol boats for the first time in 1992 , when former East German minesweepers and patrol boats were bought from Germany . The Swift , Kondor and Bremse classes from the 1960s and 1970s were all decommissioned between 2004 and 2012 as new vessels replaced them .
The worst peacetime incident of the Maritime Squadron was the C23 tragedy on 7 September 1984 . Illegal fireworks which were to be dumped from a patrol boat exploded , killing five soldiers and two policemen .
On 18 February 2015 it was announced that the Emer class offshore patrol vessel would be transferred from the Irish Naval Service as a short term measure pending Malta 's purchase of a new OPV . It was commissioned into the AFM on 28 June 2015 as P62 .
A new base for the Maritime Squadron is currently being built , also at Hay Wharf .
Current structure
Headquarters Command
The Headquarters Command is responsible for base security , transportation and anything necessary for sustaining the patrol boats throughout the year . It is therefore responsible for the supply of all the fuel and ammunition .
Offshore Command
The Offshore Command operates the Protector-class P51 and P52 and the modified Diciotti class vessel P61 , the flagship of the Maltese navy . The Offshore command formerly operated the Kondor I-class P29 , P30 and P31 vessels until these were decommissioned in 2004 .
Inshore Command
The Inshore Command operates the four P21-class patrol boats , as well as the Search and Rescue launches Melita I and Melita II . The Command also includes the Rapid Deployment Platoon who operate using any of the Inshore Command vessels , the fast interceptors such as P01 or using aircraft from the Air Wing .
G Command
G Command is responsible for military activity on the island of Gozo . The Land Component consists of a platoon strong element which provide assistance to the Malta Police and various Government departments , as well as securing the territorial integrity of Gozo . The Maritime Component consisted of three crews operating the Bremse-class patrol boat P32 around Mġarr Harbour . P32 was decommissioned in 2012 and now the G Command operates a single Melita Class SAR Launch and a Defender Class CPB .
Support Command
Support Command is responsible for the upkeep of the maritime craft and equipment . It also incorporates equipment and supply management .
Vessels of the AFM
Current fleet
These vessels are in active service as of 2015 :
The European commission voted €110 million in funds for the AFM . The government used these funds to purchase the four P21 ( Austal ) class patrol vessels and has bought 2 new Beechcraft Super King Air offshore maritime surveillance aircraft for the Air Wing of the Armed Forces of Malta .
Future
In 2015 the Maltese Government was looking to further expand the Maritime Squadron as the Diciotti-class P61 was struggling to keep up with the demands faced by patrolling Malta 's large SAR Region and its territorial waters , as well as being in need of a major overhaul . Considering the gap that would be left for such as overhaul to take place , the Irish Naval Service donated the LÉ Aoife to help reduce the strains on the P61 . Thus the government announced that it would procure a purpose built vessel that would cost in the region of €40 million partly financed by the European Union 's Internal Border Funding . The new offshore patrol vessel will roughly have the same capabilities held by the current P61 , as well as being larger , having longer endurance and also including a flight deck . The procurement of the new offshore patrol vessel was confirmed on 19 January 2019 , when a ceremony was hold to announce the award of the contract to construct the new vessel to Cantiere Navale Vittoria . The new offshore patrol vessel , which will be the new flagship , will have pennant number P71 and will cost €35 million , €26 million of which will be contributed by the European Union .
Decommissioned vessels
A list of vessels since retired by the AFM .
References
External links
Overview of the Maritime Squadron at the official AFM website
Overview of AFM patrol vessels at the official AFM website
Malta
Military of Malta
Military units and formations established in 1970
1970 establishments in Malta
Edgar Henry Schein ( born March 5 , 1928 ) is a former professor at the MIT Sloan School of Management . He has made a notable mark on the field of organizational development in many areas , including career development , group process consultation , and organizational culture . He is the son of former University of Chicago professor Marcel Schein .
Model of organizational culture
Schein 's model of organizational culture originated in the 1980s . Schein ( 2004 ) identifies three distinct levels in organizational cultures :
artifacts and behaviours
espoused values
assumptions
The three levels refer to the degree to which the different cultural phenomena are visible to the observer .
Artifacts include any tangible , overt or verbally identifiable elements in any organization . Architecture , furniture , dress code , office jokes , all exemplify organizational artifacts . Artifacts are the visible elements in a culture and they can be recognized by people not part of the culture .
Espoused values are the organization 's stated values and rules of behavior . It is how the members represent the organization both to themselves and to others . This is often expressed in official philosophies and public statements of identity . It can sometimes often be a projection for the future , of what the members hope to become . Examples of this would be employee professionalism , or a `` family first '' mantra . Trouble may arise if espoused values by leaders are not in line with the deeper tacit assumptions of the culture .
Shared basic assumptions are the deeply embedded , taken-for-granted behaviours which are usually unconscious , but constitute the essence of culture . These assumptions are typically so well integrated in the office dynamic that they are hard to recognize from within .
Career anchors
The career anchor is a part of what one finds as they clarify their self-image surrounding one 's ( 1 ) needs and motives , ( 2 ) talents , and ( 3 ) values , the anchor being set of needs , values , and talents that a person is least willing to give up when forced to make a choice . The concept is Schein 's attempt to reflect the lifelong search of every human to find themselves .
Schein 's original research in the mid-1970s identified five possible career anchor groups : ( 1 ) autonomy/independence , ( 2 ) security/stability , ( 3 ) technical-functional competence , ( 4 ) general managerial competence , and ( 5 ) entrepreneurial creativity . Follow-up studies in the 1980s identified three additional constructs : ( 6 ) service or dedication to a cause , ( 7 ) pure challenge , and ( 8 ) lifestyle .
A 2008 study distinguishes between entrepreneurship and creativity to form nine possible constructs .
Education
Ph.D. , social psychology , Harvard University , 1952
Master 's Degree , Psychology , Stanford University , 1949
Ph.B. , B.A. , University of Chicago , 1947
Publications
Coercive Persuasion : A socio-psychological analysis of the `` brainwashing '' of American civilian prisoners by the Chinese Communists ( 1961 )
Professional Education : Some New Directions ( 1972 )
Career Dynamics ( 1978 )
Organizational Psychology , first published 1965 , second edition 1970 , third edition 1980
The Clinical Perspective in Field Work ( 1987 )
The Art of Managing Human Resources ( Editor , 1987 )
Strategic Pragmatism : The Culture of Singapore 's Economic Development Board ( 1996 )
Process Consultation Revisited ( 1999 )
DEC Is Dead , Long Live DEC : The Lasting Legacy of Digital Equipment Corporation ( with Peter S. DeLisi , Paul J. Kampas , and Michael M. Sonduck , 2004 ) , Berrett-Koehler Publishers ; .
Procesadvisering ( 2005 )
The Corporate Culture Survival Guide , 2nd Edition ( 2009 )
Organizational Culture and Leadership , 4th Edition ( 2010 )
Helping : How to Offer , Give , and Receive Help ( 2011 ) , Berrett-Koehler Publishers ; .
Humble Inquiry : The Gentle Art of Asking Instead of Telling ( 2013 ) , Berrett-Koehler Publishers ; .
Career Anchors , 4th Edition with J. VanMaanen ( 2013 )
Organizational Psychology Then and Now : Some Observations . Annual Review of Organizational Psychology and Organizational Behavior , Vol . 2 . ( 2015 )
Dialogic Organization Development : The Theory and Practice of Transformational Change ( edited by Gervase R. Bushe & Robert J. Marshak , foreword Edgar Schein , 2015 ) , Berrett-Koehler Publishers ; .
Humble Consulting : How to Provide Real Help Faster ( 2016 ) , Berrett-Koehler Publishers ; .
Humble Leadership : The Power of Relationships , Openness , and Trust ( with Peter A. Schein , 2018 ) , Berrett-Koehler Publishers ; .
Awards , honors
Awards
Lifetime Achievement Award in Workplace Learning and Performance of the American Society of Training and Development , February 3 , 2000
Everett Cherrington Hughes Award for Career Scholarship , Careers Division of the Academy of Management , August 8 , 2000
Marion Gislason Award for Leadership in Executive Development , Boston University School of Management Executive Development Roundtable , December 11 , 2002
Distinguished Scholar-Practitioner Award of the Academy of Management , 2009
Life Time Achievement Award from the International Leadership Association , 2012
Honorary Doctorate from the IEDC Bled School of Management in Slovenia , 2012
Professional
Fellow , American Psychological Association
Fellow , Academy of Management
Board member
Advisory Board , Institute of Nuclear Power Operations
Board Member , Massachusetts Audubon Society
Board Member , Boston Lyric Opera
See also
Warren Bennis
Harold Leavitt
David Nadler
John Van Maanen
List of social psychologists
References
American business theorists
American psychologists
Mind control theorists
University of Chicago alumni
1928 births
Living people
MIT Sloan School of Management faculty
Harvard University alumni
Stanford University alumni
Swiss emigrants to the United States
The 2013 Charlottesville Men 's Pro Challenger was a professional tennis tournament played on hard courts . It was the fifth edition of the tournament which was part of the 2013 ATP Challenger Tour . It took place in Charlottesville , United States between October 28 and November 3 , 2013 .
Singles main-draw entrants
Seeds
1 Rankings are as of October 22 , 2013 .
Other entrants
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw :
Mitchell Frank
Jarmere Jenkins
Noah Rubin
Mac Styslinger
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw :
Kevin King
Joshua Milton
David Rice
Laurent Rochette
Champions
Singles
Michael Russell def . Peter Polansky , 7–5 , 2–6 , 7–6 ( 7–5 )
Doubles
Steve Johnson / Tim Smyczek def . Jarmere Jenkins / Donald Young , 6–4 , 6–3
External links
Official Website
Charlottesville Men 's Pro Challenger
Charlottesville Men 's Pro Challenger
Wilhelm Park is a neighborhood in southwest Baltimore , Maryland .
References
Neighborhoods in Baltimore
Southwest Baltimore
Baraeus granulosus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae . It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1938 . It is known from Mozambique , Kenya , and Somalia .
References
Pteropliini
Beetles described in 1938
The Oceania Table Tennis Federation ( OTTF ) is a table tennis organization founded on 1 June 1977 , recognized by International Table Tennis Federation ( ITTF ) as its continental federation in Oceania .
Discussions began at the Commonwealth Table Tennis Championships held in Melbourne , 1975 . Seven foundation members were New Zealand , Australia , Guam , Papua New Guinea , Fiji , New Caledonia and Tahiti .
Members
There are 24 affiliated member associations .
- American Samoa Table Tennis Association
- Table Tennis Australia
- Cook Islands Table Tennis Association
- Federated States of Micronesia Table Tennis Association
- Fiji Table Tennis Association
- Guam Table Tennis Association
- Kiribati Table Tennis Association
- Marshall Islands Table Tennis Association
- Nauru Table Tennis Association
- Ligue Caledonienne de Tennis de Table
- Table Tennis New Zealand
- Niue Table Tennis Association
- Norfolk Island Table Tennis Association
- Marianas Table Tennis Association
- Palau Table Tennis Association
- Papua & New Guinea Table Tennis Association
- Samoa Table Tennis Association
- Solomon Islands Table Tennis Association
- Federation Tahitienne de Tennis de Table
- Tokelau Table Tennis Association
- Tonga Amateur Table Tennis Association
- Tuvalu Table Tennis Association
- Vanuatu Table Tennis Federation
- Wallis & Futuna Table Tennis Association
Competitions
Competitions held by OTTF :
Oceania Championships
Oceania Cup
Pacific Cup
Oceania Cadet Challenge
Competitions held by other organizations :
Pacific Games
References
External links
Official website of the OTTF
Table tennis organizations
T
Sports organizations established in 1977
Table tennis in Oceania
The Joint Stock Commercial Bank for Investment and Development of Vietnam ( ) , commonly known as BIDV , is a Vietnamese state-owned bank in Vietnam . It is the country 's biggest bank by assets ( $ 72 billion USD ) as of June 2021 . According to the United Nations Development Programme report on the 100 largest enterprises in Vietnam , BIDV came in at the 4th position after Agribank , VNPT , and EVN .
BIDV received Asia Risk Magazine 's House of the Year Award for being at the forefront of the country 's economic development by modernising its risk management and developing new financial products such as energy derivatives hedges .
History
BIDV was established on 26 April 1957 as the Bank for Construction of Vietnam ( Ngân hàng Kiến thiết Việt Nam ) , under which name it operated until 24 June 1981 , at which point it changed its name to the Bank for Investment and Construction of Vietnam ( Ngân hàng Đầu tư và Xây dựng Việt Nam ) . It adopted its present name on 14 November 1990 .
In January 2007 , the Vietnamese government announced that it would sell a minority stake in the BIDV and three other banks . In March of that same year , they sought the government 's permission to invest in highway projects . In September , they announced that they would form Vietnam 's first aircraft finance group in Hanoi in a joint venture with Vietnam Airlines , PetroVietnam , and Vietnam Post and Telecommunication .
In November 2019 BIDV officially signed a strategic cooperation agreement with Hana Bank and announced the Korean bank as its foreign strategic shareholder who owns 15 % of its charter capital . This is the biggest M & A deal with a strategic investor in Vietnam 's banking industry
See also
List of banks in Vietnam
Bank for Investment and Development of Cambodia
References
External links
Official home page
Banks of Vietnam
Banks established in 1957
Government-owned companies of Vietnam
Vietnamese brands
Cry No More is the second studio album by American singer-songwriter Danielle Nicole after Wolf Den . Her first release was a self-titled EP . Cry No More was released on February 23 , 2018 .
Critical reception
Martine Ehrenclou writing on Rock and Blues Muse , describes the album as a `` standout '' with `` exquisite musicianship '' . Mark Thompson writing in Blues Blast magazine described the album as a triumph for the artist . George Graham in his album review , said the album is world-class and described it as tasteful blues-rock and soul , giving it an A grade for sound quality .
Awards
In May 2019 , Danielle Nicole 's album Cry No More , received two Blues Music Awards for Contemporary Blues Female Artist and Bass Instrumentalist and garnered three additional Independent Blues Awards in September 2019 for best R & B Soul CD , Music Video for the album 's title track , and R & B Soul Song for Prince 's `` How Come U Do n't Call Me Anymore ? `` .
Track listing
Personnel
Adapted from the liner notes .
Danielle Nicole – vocals , bass
Kudisan Kai – backing vocal ( tracks : 1 , 2 , 4 5 )
Maxanne Lewis – backing vocal ( tracks : 1 , 2 , 4 , 5 )
Tony Braunagel – drums
Brandon Miller – guitar ( track 10 )
Nick Schnebelen – guitar ( track 1 )
Johnny Lee Schell – guitar ( tracks : 2,3,4,5,6 , 8,10,14 ) , fiddle ( track 7 )
Kenny Wayne Shepherd – guitar ( track 8 )
Luther Dickinson – guitar ( track 14 )
Walter Trout – guitar ( track 4 )
Sonny Landreth – slide guitar ( track 2 )
Mike Finnigan – keyboards , organ ( track 2 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 8 , 10 )
Mike Sedovic – keyboards , organ ( track 1,3 )
Charts
References
2018 albums
Danielle Nicole albums
Concord Records albums
Quincy Bent ( July 28 , 1879–May 5 , 1955 ) was an American businessman who served as vice president of Bethlehem Steel .
Early life
Bent was on July 28 , 1879 in Steelton , Pennsylvania to Luther Stedman Bent , superintendent of the Pennsylvania Steel Company 's plant at Steelton , and Mary Stearns Felton Bent , daughter of Pennsylvania Steel president Samuel Morse Felton Sr . When Felton died in 1889 , Luther S. Bent succeed him as president and the family relocated to Philadelphia .
Career
Bent graduated from Williams College in 1901 , and began working at Pennsylvania Steel 's Steelton plant . In 1909 , he was named assistant to the president of the Maryland Steel Company , a subsidiary of Pennsylvania Steel . In 1916 , Pennsylvania Steel was acquired by Bethlehem Steel and Bent became general manager of the Steelton plant . Bethlehem chairman Charles M. Schwab described Bent as `` the biggest asset we bought in Pennsylvania Steel '' . In 1918 he was appointed vice president in charge of steel division operations , which placed him in charge of all the company 's steel plants . During World War II , Bent was a member of the Steel Advisory Committee of the Army and Navy Munitions Board , and chaired two committees of the War Production Board . In 1944 , Bent was awarded the American Iron and Steel Institute 's Gary Medal `` for outstanding leadership in the art of steel production and in contributions to the development of alloy steels to meet the needs of war emergency '' . Bent retired on November 1 , 1947 , but remained on as a director and vice president in an advisory and consulting capacity until December 31 , 1947 .
Bent was also a trustee of Williams College and a member of the American Iron and Steel Institute , the Iron and Steel Institute of Britain , and the American Society of Mining and Metallurgic Engineers .
Personal life
On January 4 , 1910 , Bent married Deborah Norris Brock . They had one son - Horace Brock Bent . The family resided at Weyhill Farms near Bethlehem , Pennsylvania . In 1914 , Bent built Quattro Venti , a 15-room Tuscan-style summer home in Annisquam , Massachusetts furnished mostly with purchases made by Deborah Norris Bent during her visits to Italy .
Saugus Iron Works
Louise E. du Pont Crowninshield , one of the directors of the First Iron Works Association , an organization dedicated to preserving the site of the first integrated ironworks in North America , approached Bent for a financial contribution . Bent visited the site and was intrigued by the property 's slag pile , which indicated that it could contain the remains of an iron works . Bent eventually convinced the American Iron and Steel Institute to fund the restoration of the Iron Works . The restoration was completed in 1954 and the Saugus Iron Works opened as a private museum run by the First Iron Works Association and funded by the American Iron and Steel Institute . After the AISI stopped funding the museum it was added to the National Park Service system .
Death
Bent died on May 5 , 1955 at Weyhill Farms following a long illness .
References
1879 births
1955 deaths
Williams College alumni
Bethlehem Steel people
American steel industry businesspeople
People from Bethlehem , Pennsylvania
People from Dauphin County , Pennsylvania
People from Gloucester , Massachusetts
Massachusetts House of Representatives ' 13th Bristol district in the United States is one of 160 legislative districts included in the lower house of the Massachusetts General Court . It covers part of the city of New Bedford in Bristol County . Since 1991 , Antonio Cabral of the Democratic Party has represented the district .
The current district geographic boundary overlaps with that of the Massachusetts Senate 's 2nd Bristol and Plymouth district .
Representatives
Robert Taylor
J. Roger Sisson
Manuel Raposa
Antone S. Aguiar Jr .
Denis Lawrence
Antonio F.D . Cabral , 1991-current
See also
List of Massachusetts House of Representatives elections
List of Massachusetts General Courts
Other Bristol County districts of the Massachusetts House of Representatives : 1st , 2nd , 3rd , 4th , 5th , 6th , 7th , 8th , 9th , 10th , 11th , 12th , 14th
List of former districts of the Massachusetts House of Representatives
Images
References
External links
Ballotpedia
( State House district information based on U.S. Census Bureau 's American Community Survey ) .
House
Government of Bristol County , Massachusetts
Carlo Laurenzi ( 12 January 1821 – 2 November 1893 ) was an Italian Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church who served as Prefect of the Sacred Congregation of Rites from 1889 until his death , and was elevated to the cardinalate in 1884 .
Biography
Carlo Laurenzi was born in Perugia , and studied at the University of Perugia , from where he obtained his doctorates in theology ( 1 December 1843 ) and in canon and civil law ( 17 January 1845 ) .
He was ordained to the priesthood on 23 September 1843 , and finished his studies in 1845 . Laurenzi was later made a canon of the cathedral chapter of Perugia in June 1846 , the pro-vicar general of Perugia in February 1847 , and a Privy Chamberlain supernumerary of His Holiness in 1853 . He also served as President of the Theological College at his alma mater of the University of Perugia , and became a canon archpriest in 1857 .
On 22 June 1877 , Laurenzi was appointed Auxiliary Bishop of Perugia and Titular Bishop of Amathus in Palaestina by Pope Pius IX , receiving his episcopal consecration from Cardinal Gioacchino Pecci , the future Pope Leo XIII . He was later named an Assistant at the Pontifical Throne on 13 March 1878 , Auditor Sanctissimi on 15 May 1879 , and Assessor of the Sacred Congregation of the Supreme Roman and Universal Inquisition on 30 March 1882 .
Pope Leo secretly ( in pectore ) elevated him to the College of Cardinals in the consistory of 13 December 1880 , eventually publishing him as cardinal priest of Basilica di Sant'Anastasia al Palatino on 10 November 1884 . Laurenzi was appointed Secretary of Memorials of His Holiness on 25 April 1885 , and served as Camerlengo of the Sacred College of Cardinals from 11 February to 30 December 1889 . On 14 March of that same year , he was made prefect of the Sacred Congregation of Rites .
Laurenzi died in Rome , at age 74 . He lay in state in his cardinalatial church before being buried at the chapel of the Congregation for the Propagation of the Faith in the Campo Verano cemetery .
References
External links
Catholic-Hierarchy
Cardinals of the Holy Roman Church
1821 births
1895 deaths
People from Perugia
University of Perugia alumni
19th-century Italian cardinals
Cardinals created by Pope Leo XIII
Boleigh ( ) is a hamlet southeast of St Buryan in west Cornwall , England , UK . The Newlyn School artist , Samuel Birch , later known as Lamorna Birch came to Cornwall in 1892 , initially staying at Boleigh Farm .
References
Hamlets in Cornwall
Penwith
Van Morrison : Too Late to Stop Now is a biography of musician Van Morrison , written by Steve Turner . It was first published in 1993 in the United States by Penguin Group , and in Great Britain by Bloomsbury Publishing . Turner first met Van Morrison in 1985 ; he interviewed approximately 40 people that knew the subject in his research for the biography . Van Morrison did not think positively of the biography , and multiple newspapers reported he attempted to purchase all of the book 's 25,000 copies . He sent a letter to the author asserting the 40 individuals interviewed for the book were not his friends , and accused Turner of `` peddling distortions and inaccuracies about me personally '' .
The biography takes a pictorial format , and includes many photographs of Van Morrison and scenes relating to his life , including close-up shots and contact prints . Turner discusses Van Morrison 's youth in Belfast , Northern Ireland , and how early experiences shaped his perceptions . Flautist John Payne was interviewed for the book , and comments on his work with Van Morrison on the album Astral Weeks . Turner discusses Van Morrison 's reluctance to be interviewed or engage with the public , and includes quotes from the musician about this desire for privacy . The author discusses Van Morrison 's efforts to seek out creativity , and his exploration of spirituality . The book concludes with an assessment of Van Morrison 's experiences with religion .
The book was selected as `` Editor 's Choice '' in the Sunday Age . Publishers Weekly 's review of the book was critical of its `` adulatory '' tone , but called it a `` necessity for fans '' , due to the inclusion of the discography . A review of the book for The Boston Globe commented `` The value of the book is that it has at its heart the same subjects that most of Morrison 's music has featured ... religion and spirituality . '' The Palm Beach Post noted that the biography provides `` insights and updates as well as a solid background on Morrison 's early life '' . The Sunday Times wrote that `` the really interesting story here is told by the photographs '' . The Irish Times was critical of the book 's text but wrote positively of the included photographs .
Research and publication
Prior to his work on the biography , Steve Turner had previously written a book about the music group U2 , titled U2 : Rattle & Hum , and Eric Clapton , titled Conversations With Eric Clapton . Turner first met Van Morrison in 1985 , while writing a book on religion 's place in rock music . Turner characterised himself as someone who is `` drawn to artists bothered by spiritual issues '' . In his research for the book , the author interviewed approximately 40 people that knew Van Morrison . Turner spoke with Van Morrison , and they discussed the musician 's views on philosophy . Some of the photographs included in the book were obtained by Turner from a guitarist with Van Morrison 's band Them .
According to The Sunday People , `` though critics said it was an affectionate tribute about a nice man . Van went on to urge fans not to buy it . '' According to The Boston Globe , Van Morrison `` disdained the book '' . In an interview with The Boston Globe , Turner commented on this : `` He considers anything that reveals details of family background or anything like that an invasion of his privacy . He does n't believe in biographies , and I do . '' When the biography came out in hardcover , Van Morrison sent Turner 36 statements from the book that he called `` lies , gross exaggerations and innuendo '' . Van Morrison told Turner that none of the 40 individuals the author had interviewed for the biography were currently friends of his . The letter from Van Morrison to Turner concluded with : `` I am very sorry that you feel you are entitled to earn a living by peddling distortions and inaccuracies about me personally . '' In his reply letter to Van Morrison , Turner wrote : `` You may not think you are 'difficult ' or 'introvert ' but other people do and have the right to express their opinions . '' The Sunday Times reported that `` Allegedly , Van 's management even considered buying up all 25,000 copies of the book to pulp them , '' and this was also reported in The Independent . The Evening Times wrote that Van Morrison `` reportedly tried to buy all the copies of a biography by Steve Turner . '' Representatives for Van Morrison did not confirm whether he attempted to purchase the 25,000 copies of the biography , and confirmed that `` representatives of the singer discussed various possibilities '' . Van Morrison 's manager , Chris O'Donnell , said of the musician : `` He is not happy about books , period . He is an artist and stands up for himself – he does n't want his private life raked over . ''
Steve Turner appeared on a panel of experts in the 2008 documentary Van Morrison : Under Review 1964–1974 . Along with Turner was Johnny Rogan , author of the biographies Van Morrison : A Portrait of the Artist ( 1984 ) and Van Morrison : No Surrender ( 2005 ) .
Contents
The introduction to the book includes an analysis by the author of Van Morrison 's skill to use `` the stuff of his life '' . Turner compares Van Morrison with other musicians of the time period , including Robbie Robertson , Bob Dylan , and Neil Young . The book 's 10 chapters contain a pictorial overview of the musician 's professional work . The book 's chapters are structured according to record releases of the musician . Pictures include images from locations where Van Morrison grew up in Belfast , contact prints from a photo shoot for a cover album with his wife at the time Janet Planet , and archived marketing photographs of a younger Van Morrison . The beginning of the book includes 10 close-up shots of the musician . The book also contains a complete discography of Van Morrison 's work .
Turner describes Van Morrison 's early life as George Ivan Morrison on Hyndford Street in Belfast . `` I 'm definitely Irish '' , Van Morrison is quoted as stating in the book . He asserts that Van Morrison was affected by his mother 's religious conversion to the Jehovah 's Witnesses when he was a child . Turner states that this experience contributed to his position as an outcast : `` Who else in Belfast had a father who played Jelly Roll Morton records , and a mother who indulged in doorstep evangelism ? '' Turner discusses Van Morrison 's musical colleagues , his successes , the break-ups of his various bands , and his efforts to seek out creative expression . The author includes commentary and images from Van Morrison 's first release with the band Them in 1964 , through to his latest album at the time of the book 's publication .
Turner interviewed flautist John Payne for the book , who had sat in on sessions with Van Morrison and later collaborated with him . Payne comments on their work together on the album Astral Weeks , which also included musicians Connie Kay , Warren Smith , Jay Berliner , and Richard Davis : `` Ironically , the image you have when you listen to the album now is of these guys who are all together , and they realise they are creating a monumental work of art . The fact is that it was just another session for them . '' Payne states of his observations of Van Morrison 's performance style : `` When ( Van ) was on stage , he would look like a space cadet , but then he 'd open his mouth and you would realize that he had channeled everything into the sound of his voice . The rest of it was just a shell that was there for the purpose of producing this noise . ''
The book notes the artist 's reluctance to be interviewed or engage with the public , and quotes him as saying : `` It 's very hard for me to relate to people asking questions that are not only boring but do n't have anything to do with my life ... It 's a waste of time on my part because it drains me from doing what I really want to do , which is just to play music . '' Van Morrison describes his perceived musical role : `` I just feel I 'm doing the job . My job is to play music and deliver the show ... It 's more emotional for the audience ... what they sort of think you are . '' He states that one of his motivations is `` ideally to induce states of meditation and ecstasy , as well as to make people think '' .
The author notes Van Morrison 's dislike of conformity , and quotes him as saying : `` I hate organizations . '' Of his period in his life of experimentation , Van Morrison comments : `` I 'm not searching for anything in particular . I 'm just groping in the dark ... for a bit more light . That 's it really . '' Turner notes how musical styles including rhythm and blues and Motown influenced the musician . Van Morrison 's exploration of spirituality is discussed in the book , including his experiences with mysticism , Christianity , and Dianetics . In the last chapter of the book , Turner comments on Van Morrison 's experiences in religion , writing : `` His development of religion as a normal topic of discourse in popular song may turn out to be his most lasting contribution . ''
Reception
The book was selected as `` Editor 's Choice '' in the Sunday Age , where Michael Gordon wrote : `` This is not the whole story , but it is a well-researched and superbly presented summary of the story so far – a kind of companion to the John Lennon book , 'Imagine ' – including the temper tantrums . Fans may , however , disagree with the closing assessment that Morrison may be running out of themes and ideas to express . '' Publishers Weekly was critical of the book 's tone , commenting : `` Turner is more adulatory than probing . '' The review noted : `` A complete discography makes this book a necessity for fans of the Irish Rover . '' Writing for The Boston Globe , Thomas C. Palmer Jr. called the book `` a coffee-table biography that fills an extensive void , both for those hungry for gossip and for those who have wondered at the source of the creativity in this prolific producer of often stunningly original – if difficult to categorize – music '' . Palmer commented on the book 's value : `` The value of the book is that it has at its heart the same subjects that most of Morrison 's music has featured , subtly or otherwise ( but never as blatantly as Dylan in his `` Saved '' period ) : religion and spirituality . '' Robert Sandall reviewed the book for The Sunday Times , and wrote : `` Steve Turner has performed his task as a biographer diligently enough in Too Late To Stop Now , but the really interesting story here is told by the photographs . '' Sandall commented : `` Thirty years of constant rowing with anybody who has ever tried to get close to him , and a fitful and irritable hankering after religion ( any religion ) have left him looking bloated , sad and , as Turner has the courage and decency to point out , not as great a musician now as his current reputation would suggest . It 's all there in the pictures . ''
Bernard Perusse of The Gazette described the book as `` more superficial but more positive '' than the 2006 biography Van Morrison : No Surrender by Johnny Rogan . In a review of the book for The Palm Beach Post , Lisa McDonough wrote `` Steve Turner 's Van Morrison : Too Late To Stop Now is not the final answer on Morrison – only Morrison could give that – but he does provide insights and updates as well as a solid background on Morrison 's early life . '' Writing for The Irish Times , John Boland was critical of the book 's text but wrote positively of its images : `` Steve Turner 's Van Morrison : Too Late to Stop Now , has a trite , fanzine style text and is n't very informative about the great man , but it has some splendid pictures and in its coffee table format is well worth the asking price '' . A review in the Herald Sun was critical : `` Too Late To Stop Now is more suited to the coffee table than a library shelf . It is browsing material , fleshed with snapshots , album covers , PR shots , posters and prints . The words are mere stitches , there to hold the pictures in place . '' The Herald Sun noted that the author left out critical quotes from individuals that knew Van Morrison , and questioned Turner 's objectivity .
See also
Van Morrison : No Surrender
References
Further reading
Book reviews
Other books on Van Morrison
Brooks , Ken ( 1999 ) . In Search of Van Morrison , Agenda ,
Buzacott , Martin ; Ford , Andrew ( 2005 ) . Speaking in Tongues : The Songs of Van Morrison , ABC ,
Collis , John ( 1996 ) . Inarticulate Speech of the Heart , Little Brown and Company ,
DeWitt , Howard A . ( 1983 ) . Van Morrison : The Mystic 's Music , Horizon ,
Hage , Erik ( 2009 ) . The Words and Music of Van Morrison , Praeger Publishers ,
Heylin , Clinton ( 2003 ) . Can You Feel the Silence ? Van Morrison : A New Biography , Chicago Review Press ,
Hinton , Brian ( 1997 ) . Celtic Crossroads : The Art of Van Morrison , Sanctuary ,
Marcus , Greil ( 2010 ) . When That Rough God Goes Riding : Listening to Van Morrison , Public Affairs ,
Mills , Peter ( 2010 ) . Hymns to the Silence : Inside the Music and Lyrics of Van Morrison , Continuum ,
Rogan , Johnny ( 2006 ) . Van Morrison : No Surrender , London : Vintage Books
Yorke , Ritchie ( 1975 ) . Into The Music , London : Charisma Books ,
External links
Van Morrison : Too Late to Stop Now , at Books by ISBN
1993 non-fiction books
Biographies about musicians
Van Morrison
Penguin Books books
Bloomsbury Publishing books
Dmytro Danylenko ( born 24 June 1999 ) is a Ukrainian sprint canoer . He is 2021 World Champion and bronze medallist of the 2022 World Championships . He is also a silver medalist of the 2021 European Championships in pair with Oleh Kukharyk .
References
External links
Ukrainian male canoeists
Living people
1999 births
European Games competitors for Ukraine
Canoeists at the 2019 European Games
ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships medalists in kayak
The Rumble in the Jungle was a historic boxing event in Kinshasa , Zaire ( now Democratic Republic of the Congo ) , on October 30 , 1974
Rumble in the Jungle may also refer to :
Rumble in the Jungle ( compilation album ) , a 2007 compilation album released by Soul Jazz Records
Rumble in the Jungle ( DJ Maphorisa , Kabza De Small and Tresor album ) , a 2021 collaborative album by TRESOR , DJ Maphorisa and Kabza De Small
Rumble in the Jungle ( song ) , a song recorded for the 1996 documentary film When We Were Kings
was a Japanese politician . He was a major figure in the implementation of the postwar Japanese Constitution .
Kanamori was born in 1886 in Aichi Prefecture . He graduated from Tokyo University in 1912 with a degree in Law , and started work for the Ministry of Finance . In 1924 , he was appointed as Director of the new Cabinet Legislation Bureau ( the first person to hold this post ) and he subsequently became Director-General of the Bureau a decade later . He was , however , pressured into resigning only two years later , due to sympathies with the controversial `` Emperor Organ '' theory proposed by Tatsukichi Minobe . Nevertheless , he remained a respected constitutional scholar , who had published several books on the Meiji Constitution . He was consulted on the wording of the new constitution by Toshio Irie .
His election to the House of Peers in 1946 marked the start of his return to politics . He was elected as Minister of State in the first cabinet of Shigeru Yoshida , and in this capacity argued forcefully in favour of the new postwar constitution . In the course of 114 days of debate , Kanamori responded to over a thousand questions , with extensive responses that took up to one and a half hours . After the implementation of the new legislation , Kanamori helped to form the Kenpō Fukyū Kai ( Constitution Popularization Society ) in December 1946 , and published books and tracts to spread awareness of the new laws throughout the population .
In 1948 he became the first librarian of the National Diet Library , a post he held until his death in 1959 .
References
Members of the House of Peers ( Japan )
1886 births
1959 deaths
Politicians from Aichi Prefecture
University of Tokyo alumni
Jacob Manson is a British multi platinum-selling music producer , DJ and songwriter best known as a member of house production duo Blonde with Adam Englefield . Manson signed a publishing deal with Sony ATV in 2013 . Blonde was then signed by Parlophone in 2014 .
With Blonde , Manson has had a number of successful singles including 2014 's `` I Loved You '' featuring Melissa Steel , which peaked at # 7 in the UK Singles Chart , and 2015 's `` All Cried Out '' featuring Alex Newell , peaking at # 4 in the UK Singles Chart and # 1 in the UK Dance Chart . In 2016 , Blonde released `` Nothing Like This '' with UK garage singer Craig David .
In addition to his work with Blonde , Manson has production and writing credits on a number of other successful tracks from artists such as Rudimental , KSI and Ed Sheeran , Craig David , Anne-Marie , The Vamps , Banx & Ranx and Ella Eyre .
Discography
With Blonde
Production and songwriting discography
References
British record producers
British DJs
Living people
British songwriters
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Musicians from Bristol
S13 , SB13 , SM13 are disability swimming classifications used for categorising swimmers based on their level of disability . Jane Buckley , writing for the Sporting Wheelies , describes the swimmers in this classification as having : `` Swimmers who are the most sighted but are considered to be blind according to the IBSA B3 . ''
History
The classification was created by the International Paralympic Committee and has roots in a 2003 attempt to address `` the overall objective to support and co-ordinate the ongoing development of accurate , reliable , consistent and credible sport focused classification systems and their implementation . ''
For the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio , the International Paralympic Committee had a zero classification at the Games policy . This policy was put into place in 2014 , with the goal of avoiding last minute changes in classes that would negatively impact athlete training preparations . All competitors needed to be internationally classified with their classification status confirmed prior to the Games , with exceptions to this policy being dealt with on a case-by-case basis .
Sport
This classification is for swimming . In the classification title , S represents Freestyle , Backstroke and Butterfly strokes . SB means breaststroke . SM means individual medley . Jane Buckley , writing for the Sporting Wheelies , describes the swimmers in this classification as having : `` Swimmers who are the most sighted but are considered to be blind according to the IBSA B3 . ''
Getting classified
Internationally , the classification is done by the International Blind Sports Association . In Australia , to be classified in this category , athletes contact the Australian Paralympic Committee or their state swimming governing body . In the United States , classification is handled by the United States Paralympic Committee on a national level . The classification test has three components : `` a bench test , a water test , observation during competition . '' American swimmers are assessed by four people : a medical classifier , two general classifiers and a technical classifier .
Competitions
For this classification , organisers of the Paralympic Games have the option of including the following events on the Paralympic programme : 50 m , 100 m and 400 m Freestyle , 100 m Backstroke , 100 m Breaststroke , 100 m Butterfly , 200 m Individual Medley , and Freestyle Relay and Medley Relay .
Records
In the S13 50 m Freestyle Long Course , the men 's world record is held by Oleksii Fedyna and the women 's world record is held by Yvonne Hopf . In the S13 100 m Freestyle Long Course , the men 's world record is held by South Africa 's Charles Bouwer and the women 's world record is held by Canada 's Valerie Grand-Maison .
In the SB13 100 m breaststroke , the women 's world record is held by Fotimakhon Amilova .
Competitors
Swimmers who have competed in this classification include Dmytro Aleksyeyev , Kelley Becherer and Charl Bouwer who all won medals in their class at the 2008 Paralympics .
American swimmers who have been classified by the United States Paralympic Committee as being in these class include Eric Chausse , Natalio Abar , and Blake Adams .
See also
Para-swimming classification
Swimming at the Summer Paralympics
Swimming at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men 's 100 metre butterfly S13
References
Swimming at the Summer Paralympics
Parasports classifications
Corina Freire ( 1897 – ) , was a Portuguese singer , actress and impresario .
Early life
Corina Carlos Freire was born on 14 December 1897 in Silves in the Algarve region of Portugal . She was the illegitimate daughter of João José Freire , a pharmacy owner , and Bazília Nunes de Sousa . She was legitimized by her parents ' marriage , which took place on 19 August 1905 in the Portuguese capital , Lisbon . She grew up in an affluent family , which had a taste for the arts , allowing her to develop singing and musical skills from an early age . She , her five brothers and her father formed a chamber music group , in which she played the piano and her father the violin . Some of her brothers went on to have musical careers .
Career
After a brief marriage at the age of 17 in Portimão , causing Freire to briefly suspend her musical life , she moved from the Algarve to Lisbon in 1921 , where she worked as a pianist and singer at Valentim de Carvalho , a leading music publishing company . She played in the company 's shop , often playing music for amateur musicians who had initial difficulty in reading the score . She then began to receive invitations for recitals , singing opera songs and lied in several concerts and recitals , including with the pianist José Vianna da Motta . In 1927 she debuted in the popular theatre , performing in a `` magazine '' ( vaudeville ) show called Roses from Portugal in the Cineteatro Éden . The theme song from the show , As Giestas , made her famous . She continued to perform in this genre , moving to the Teatro Avenida , while also attending the National Conservatory of Lisbon .
With the coming of sound film , or talking pictures , American companies were worried about losing the market outside English-speaking countries for films not in local languages . Freire was invited to Paris to record Paramount Pictures films in Portuguese , including Cradle Song and The Laughing Lady . In 1931 , she became a theatrical impresario , in partnership with António Macedo , producing several magazine shows that featured her and Beatriz Costa . She returned to Paris in 1934 , together with dancers Francis Graça and Ruth Walden , for a show to promote popular Portuguese songs and dances . In 1935 she won a competition in Paris , Le Plus Beau Sourire de Paris ( The most beautiful smile in Paris ) . On the strength of this she was auditioned by the Casino de Paris , one of the city 's major music halls , and performed with one of France 's biggest stars , Maurice Chevalier .
Freire maintained a lesbian relationship with the sculptor Ana de Gonta Colaço . This had a negative effect on Colaço 's output as she produced nothing while she was with Freire . While they were together in Paris , the pair travelled to London in March 1934 as Freire had been hired to give a recital at the Portuguese Embassy . The recital was attended by Winston Churchill and the then Prince of Wales , later Edward VIII and Duke of Windsor .
Back in Portugal in June 1936 , after she and Colaço had experienced financial problems in Paris , Freire had trouble in achieving the same success as before . For a time she concentrated on acting , rather than variety performances . She had a short working visit to Tangier , joined by Colaço , and later went to Brazil for six months to give solo performances . Returning to Portugal she toured the country , but again had difficulty in attracting audiences . After 1940 she concentrated on giving singing lessons , although she did return to Brazil in 1947 to act on radio and television . Her singing students included a relative , António Calvário , Marco Paulo and Tonicha , who all became popular Portuguese singers . Freire also composed popular marches .
Corina Freire died in Lisbon in the mid-1970s , the exact date being unknown . Her name is given to a street in Faro in the Algarve .
References
External links
Songs by Corina Freire
1897 births
People from Silves , Portugal
1970s deaths
Year of death uncertain
Date of death unknown
20th-century Portuguese women singers
Portuguese actresses
LGBT actors from Portugal
LGBT musicians from Portugal
Lesbian musicians
Lesbian actresses
20th-century LGBT people
LGBT singers
Visitors to Colombia must obtain a visa from one of the Colombian diplomatic missions unless they come from one of the visa-exempt countries .
Visa policy map
Visa policy
Holders of passports of the following jurisdictions do not require visa to enter Colombia for a maximum stay of 90 days ( unless otherwise noted ) :
ID - May also enter using an ID card .
1 - The maximum stay is granted within one year .
Citizens of who are residents of North Caribbean Coast Autonomous Region and South Caribbean Coast Autonomous Region may enter Colombia without a visa .
Colombia also requires citizens of Cuba and holders of passports issued by Palestine to apply for a transit visa before transiting through the country .
Visitors over the age of 6 arriving at San Andrés and Leticia must purchase tourist cards on arrival at a cost of 105,000 pesos and 30,000 pesos .
Holders of diplomatic or official/service passports of China , Egypt , India , Iran , Lebanon , Mongolia , Morocco , Thailand , Ukraine and Vietnam and holders of official passports of Cuba do not require a visa .
Visa-free agreement for holders of diplomatic and service passports was signed with Kazakhstan in December 2019 , and it is yet to be ratified .
Visa-free agreement for holders of diplomatic and service passports was signed with Oman in January 2022 , and it is yet to be ratified .
Substitute visa
Holders of passports issued by the following countries or territories are granted visa-free access for a maximum of 90 days ( unless otherwise noted ) if they hold visas or residence permits issued by or a Schengen Area country :
The visa exemption also applies to Green Card holders , but does not apply to holders of C1 visas issued by the U.S. Holders of U.S. or Schengen visas must ensure their visa is valid for at least 180 days from their arrival date .
eVisa
Visitors who require a visa for Colombia may apply online .
Visitor statistics
Most visitors arriving to Colombia were from the following countries of nationality :
See also
Visa requirements for Colombian citizens
References
External links
KOLUMBIANISCHE BOTSCHAFT IN DEUTSCHLAND VER TAFIFAS CONSULARES
Comparison of Types of Colombian Visas VER TIPOS DE VISAS
Colombia
Odd Bohlin Borgersen ( born 10 April 1980 ) is a Norwegian long track speed skater who participates in international competitions .
Personal records
Career highlights
World Single Distance Championships
2005 - Inzell , 5th at 5000 m
2005 - Inzell , 5th at 10000 m
2005 - Inzell , 3rd at team pursuit
European Allround Championships
2008 - Kolomna , 19th
World Junior Allround Championships
1999 - Geithus , 24th
National Championships
2002 - Hundorp , 2nd at 5000 m
2003 - Geithus , 3rd at 10000 m
2004 - Oslo , 2nd at allround
2005 - Larvik , 2nd at 10000 m
2006 - Arendal , 3rd at allround
Nordic Neo Senior Games
2002 - Geithus , 3rd at 10000 m
External links
Borgersen at Jakub Majerski 's Speedskating Database
Borgersen at SkateResults.com
1980 births
Norwegian male speed skaters
Living people
Late Night Tales : Belle & Sebastian is the 14th release in Late Night Tales series of DJ mix albums . It was compiled and mixed by Belle & Sebastian and was released on 27 February 2006 .
Track listing
`` Gratuitous Theft in the Rain '' - Rehash
`` How Long Blues '' - Jimmy and Mama Yancey
`` Here 's What 's Left '' - RJD2
`` Questions '' - Lootpack
`` O My Friends You 've Been Untrue to Me '' - Demis Roussos
`` French Disko '' - Stereolab
`` On a Clear Day You Can See Forever '' - The Peddlers
`` Cissy Strut '' - The Butch Cassidy Sound System
`` Ring of Fire '' - Johnny Cash
`` Free Man '' - The Ethiopians
`` Do You Really Want to Rescue Me '' - Elsie Mae
`` It 's an Uphill Climb ( To the Bottom ) '' - Walter Jackson
`` I 'm In Your Hands '' - Mary Love
`` Coś Specjalnego '' - Novi Singers
`` Lost in the Paradise '' - Gal Costa
`` People Make the World Go Round ( Kenny Dixon Jr. Remix ) '' - Innerzone Orchestra
`` Uhuru '' - Ramsey Lewis
`` Fly Like an Eagle '' - Steve Miller Band
`` Get Thy Bearings '' - Donovan
`` Green Grass of Tunnel '' - múm
`` Cassaco Marron '' - Belle & Sebastian
`` Taireva '' - Zimbabwe Shona Mbira Music
`` Let Your Conscience Be Your Guidance '' - Space Jam
`` Watch the Sunrise '' - Big Star
`` Badinerie from Bach 's Orchestral Suite No.2 in B Minor '' - Boston Baroque
`` When I Was a Little Girl '' - David Shrigley
Follow-Up
The group released the follow-up compilation , Late Night Tales : Belle and Sebastian Vol . II , in 2012 .
Casaco Marrom
`` Casaco Marrom '' ( Portuguese : `` Brown Coat '' ; misspelled `` Casaco Marron '' on the sleeve ) is a limited-edition 7-inch single by the Scottish indie band Belle and Sebastian . 1000 copies were pressed and released by Azuli Records in 2006 , one week before the release of Azuli 's Late Night Tales : Belle & Sebastian compilation , on which both of the single 's tracks were also included . The A-side is Belle & Sebastian 's cover of a song by Evinha , of the Brazilian group Trio Esperança . The B-side is a spoken-word piece by David Shrigley called `` When I Was a Little Girl , '' making the release technically a split single , although it was not promoted as such .
Track listing
Belle & Sebastian – `` Casaco Marrom '' ( Evinha )
David Shrigley – `` When I Was a Little Girl '' ( Shrigley )
References
Belle and Sebastian
2006 compilation albums
Abaluhya Football Club Leopards Sports Club , officially abbreviated as AFC Leopards , or simply known as AFC , Leopards or Ingwe ( ) , is a Kenyan association football club based in Nairobi . It currently competes in the Kenyan Premier League , the top tier of the Kenyan football league system , and was founded in 1964 by football lovers from the luhya community . With 12 top-flight league titles to their name , AFC Leopards is Kenya 's second most successful club behind Gor Mahia ( 18 titles ) , with whom they regularly contest the Mashemeji Derby . The team currently plays most of its home games at the Nyayo National Stadium
AFC Leopards ' standing as one of the most successful clubs in the region is underlined by the fact that it has won the Kenyan Premier League a record 12 times . AFC Leopards has also won the Kenya Cup 10 times , and the CECAFA Club Championship 5 times .
The club was formed in 1964 as Abaluhya United Football Club . In 1973 the club changed the name to Abaluhya Football Club when a number of small clubs amalgamated . In 1980 the club was named AFC Leopards till now .
In 2008 they played in the Nationwide League and won the title in their zone . They returned to the Kenyan Premier League for the 2009 season in which it also won the KFF Cup .
History
The 1960s : The Good Beginnings
From the 1960s or even earlier ; the notion and formation of various Abaluya teams for invitational matches became the forerunner of what eventually would become Abaluhya United . The East African Standard Newspapaer published a report on the birth of a club called Abaluhya Football Club which resulted from the amalgamation of Marama , Samia United and Bunyore ; all Nairobi based clubs that were in Division 1 of the Kenya National Football League . The amalgamation process also included lower division clubs such as Kisa , Tiriki , Bukusu Brotherhood , Busamia , Lurambi , Butsotso , Bushibungo and Eshirotsa thus building its base and establishments that would make it a success in the future . This was reported in the newspaper on 12 March 1964 , making it our official birthday .
The 1970s and 80s : Legacy Building and Golden Era
This was a period of the club 's sustained performance pushed the Club to more fame and paved the way for a future glorious era . This included winning the Kenya National Football League in an unbeaten fashion and in the process becoming the first Kenyan club to do so .
Business as usual as Leopards marked the 80s by bring more silverware to the Den marking an unprecedented period of dominance majorly in the domestic and regional scene .
The 1990s and 2000s : Little Success and Decline
In the 90s , achievements became less frequent , although in general the team continued to win some championships thus never suffering a considerable title drought .
The beginning of dismal campaigns for the following 10 years , including relegation from the top tier . However , the club 's strong team spirit , the goals of its founders , its relatively stable support base ; ensured the club is rejuvenated .
Honours
League Honours
Kenya National Football League/Kenyan Super League/Kenyan Premier League
Champions ( 12 ) : 1966 , 1967 , 1970 , 1973 , 1980 , 1981 , 1982 , 1986 , 1988 , 1989 , 1992 , 1998
Kenyan Nationwide League
Champions ( Promoted ) : 2008
Cup Honours
FKF President 's Cup : 10
Champions ( 10 ) : 1967 , 1968,1984 , 1985 , 1991 , 1994 , 2001 , 2009 , 2013 , 2017
Runner 's Up : 1987 , 1997 , 2000 , 2003
CECAFA Club Cup : 5
Champions ( 5 ) : 1979 , 1982 , 1983 , 1984 , 1997 .
Runner 's Up : 1974 , 1980 , 1985
CECAFA Nile Basin Cup
Runner 's Up : 2014
Performance in CAF competitions
African Cup of Champions Clubs/CAF Champions League
First round exits : 1971 , 1972 , 1981 , 1982 , 1983 , 1987 , 1993 , 1999
Second round exits : 1989
Quarter-finals : 1974 , 1990
Semi-final : 1968
CAF Confederation Cup
Preliminary round exits : 2010
CAF Cup
Quarter-finals : 1994 , 1997
African Cup Winners ' Cup
First round exits : 1992 , 1992 , 2002
Second round exits : 1986
Quarter-final exits : 1988
Semi-final exits : 1985
Players
Current squad
Out On Loan
Footballing and medical staff
Board of directors
Coaches and managers
Interim Manager
See also
A.F.C . Leopards–Gor Mahia rivalry
References
Sources
The Standard , 23 July 2006 : Once proud ‘ Ingwe ' bite relegation bullet
Kenya Premier League,8 February 2009 : Over-flowing crowds finally a 'crisis ' ? Hope Centre ground fails to cope
External links
Kenyan Premier League clubs
Football clubs in Kenya
Association football clubs established in 1964
Sport in Nairobi
1964 establishments in Kenya
Overwatch is a multiplayer shooter video game produced by Blizzard Entertainment .
Overwatch may also refer to :
Military
Overwatch ( military tactic )
Bounding overwatch , another military tactic
Overwatch Battle Group ( West ) , a former Australian Army unit
Media and entertainment
Overwatch animated media , a series of animated short films based on the characters in the game Overwatch
Overwatch ( digital comic series ) , comics based on the characters in the game Overwatch
Overwatch League , an esports league
Overwatch , the military forces of the Combine in the video game Half-Life 2
Overwatch , the alias of the DC Comics character Felicity Smoak in the television series Arrow
Other uses
Overwatch , a company owned by Textron Systems , now operating under the name `` Geospatial Solutions ''
See also
Overlook ( disambiguation )
Zaniéna is a village and rural commune in the Cercle of Sikasso in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali . The commune covers an area of 174 square kilometers and includes ten villages . In the 2009 census it had a population of 10,038 . The village of Zaniéna , the administrative center ( chef-lieu ) of the commune , is 83 km west of Sikasso .
References
External links
.
Communes of Sikasso Region
Super League
The 2017 Chinese Women 's Super League season was the league 's third season in its current incarnation , and the 21st total season of the women 's association football league in China .
Dalian Quanjian were the defending champions
League table
League One
League table
Super League Relegation Playoff
References
External links
Season at futbol24.com
2017
2017–18 domestic women 's association football leagues
2016–17 domestic women 's association football leagues
+
Zanthoxylum asiaticum is a species of plant in the family Rutaceae . Under its synonym Toddalia asiatica , it was the only species in the monotypic genus Toddalia , now included in Zanthoxylum . It is known by the English name orange climber .
Description
This is a liana with woody , corky , thorny stems that climb on trees , reaching up to 10 m in length . It has shiny green citrus-scented leaves , yellow-green flowers , and orange fruits about half a cm wide that taste like orange peel . The seeds are dispersed by birds and monkeys that eat the fruits . In particular , the scaly-breasted munia prefers to nest in these trees .
Distribution
It is native to many countries in Africa and Asia . Examples include South Africa where in Afrikaans it is called ranklemoentjie , and in Venda , gwambadzi . It is very popular among the Kikuyus of Central Kenya , where it is known as mururue , Mauritius , where it is known as patte poule or properly .
Habitat
It grows in forested riparian habitat with high rainfall . The destruction of forest habitat in Africa threatens the species ' survival .
Fossil record
Fossil seeds assigned to Toddalia ( now included in Zanthoxylum ) have been described as Toddalia nanlinensis from the Miocene of Nanlin Formation in Longchuan Basin , Dehong Autonomous Prefecture , Yunnan Province , China . The fossil seeds are boat-shaped with tegmen that is composed of thin-walled cells with fine criss-crossed spiral lignifications .
Medicinal uses
The plant is used medicinally by many African peoples , including the Maasai , who use it for malaria , cough , and influenza . The roots contain coumarins that have antiplasmodial activity . Extracts of the plant have demonstrated antiviral activity against H1N1 influenza in the laboratory . The harvest of this slow-growing plant from the wild for medicinal use may cause its populations to decline .
Protocols for domestication or propagation of the tree are being researched .
References
asiaticum
Plants used in traditional African medicine
Taxa named by Carl Linnaeus
SEAT produces the following vehicles , past and present , including under the performance-oriented Cupra brand .
Current models
SEAT brand
Cupra brand
SEAT MÓ models
eKickscooter 25 ( 2020–present )
eKickscooter 65 ( 2020–present )
eScooter 125 ( 2020–present )
Former models
1400 A / 1400 B / 1400 C ( 1953–1963 )
600 N / 600 D / 600 E / 600 L ( 1957–1973 )
1500 / 1500 Familiar ( 1963–1972 )
800 ( 1963–1968 )
850 ( 2/4-doors ) ( 1966–1974 )
850 Coupé ( 1967–1972 )
850 Spyder ( 1970–1972 )
850 Sport Coupé ( 1967 )
124 / 124 Familiar ( 1968–1980 )
1430 ( 1969–1975 )
124 Sport ( 1970–1975 )
127 ( 1972–1982 )
132 ( 1973–1982 )
133 ( 1974–1981 )
131 / 131 Familiar ( 1975–1983 )
1200 Sport ( 1975–1981 )
128 ( 1976–1980 )
Ritmo ( 1979–1983 )
Panda ( 1980–1986 )
Ronda ( 1982–1986 )
Trans ( 1982–1986 )
Fura ( 3/5-doors ) ( 1982–1986 )
Ibiza Mk1 ( 3/5-doors ) ( 1984–1993 )
Málaga ( 1985–1992 )
Terra / Terra box ( 1987–1996 )
Marbella / Marbella box ( 1986–1998 )
Toledo Mk1 ( 1991–1998 )
Ibiza Mk2 ( 3/5-doors ) ( 1993–2002 )
Córdoba / Córdoba SX / Córdoba Vario Mk1 ( 1993–2002 )
Inca Kombi / Inca Van ( 1995–2003 )
Alhambra Mk1 ( 1996–2010 )
Arosa ( 1997–2004 )
Toledo Mk2 ( 1998–2004 )
León Mk1 ( 1999–2005 )
Ibiza Mk3 ( 3/5-doors ) ( 2002–2008 )
Córdoba Mk2 ( 2002–2009 )
Toledo Mk3 ( 2004–2009 )
Altea ( 2004–2015 )
León Mk2 ( 2005–2012 )
Exeo ( 2008–2013 )
Toledo Mk4 ( 2012–2018 )
Alhambra Mk3 ( 2010–2020 )
Mii ( 2011–2021 )
Concept models
1400 A Descapotable
600 prototype ( Geneva , 1955 )
750 Sport ( Barcelona , 1957 )
600 Multiple ( Barcelona , 1959 )
Ibiza Mk1 cabrio
Proto TLD ( Turin , 1988 )
Proto T ( Frankfurt , 1989 )
Proto C ( Paris , 1990 )
Proto TL ( Geneva , 1990 )
Marbella Playa ( Frankfurt , 1991 )
Toledo Mk1 exclusive ( Geneva,1992 )
Toledo Mk1 electric ( 1992 )
Concepto T coupé ( Paris , 1992 )
Concepto T cabrio ( Barcelona , 1993 )
Ibiza Mk2 electric ( 1993 )
Córdoba Mk2 cabrio
Rosé ( 1994 )
Inca electric ( Hanover , 1995 )
Alhambra prototype ( Geneva , 1995 )
Bolero ( Geneva , 1998 )
Toledo Cupra concept ( 1999 )
Fórmula ( Geneva , 1999 )
Salsa ( Geneva , 2000 )
Salsa Emoción ( Paris , 2000 )
León Cupra R concept ( Barcelona , 2001 )
Tango roadster/Tango spyder/Tango coupé/Tango Racer ( Frankfurt , 2001 )
Arosa City cruiser ( Frankfurt , 2001 )
Arosa Racer ( Frankfurt , 2001 )
Altea Prototipo ( Frankfurt , 2003 )
Cupra GT ( Barcelona , 2003 )
Toledo Prototipo ( Madrid , 2004 )
León Prototipo ( Geneva , 2005 )
Altea FR Prototipo ( Frankfurt , 2005 )
Altea 2 litre 170 hp TDI prototype ( 2005 )
Ibiza Vaillante concept ( Geneva , 2006 )
León Pies Descalzos ( Berlin , 2007 )
Altea Freetrack Prototipo ( Geneva , 2007 )
Tribu concept ( Frankfurt , 2007 )
Bocanegra ( Geneva , 2008 )
León Ecomotive concept ( Geneva , 2009 )
León Twin drive ( Martorell , 2009 )
IBZ concept ( Frankfurt , 2009 )
IBE concept I ( Geneva , 2010 )
IBE concept II ( Paris , 2010 )
IBX concept ( Geneva , 2011 )
IBL concept ( Frankfurt , 2011 )
Altea Electric XL Ecomotive ( 2011 )
Toledo concept ( Geneva , 2012 )
SEAT Mii FR Line ( Wörthersee , 2012 ) and ( París , 2012 )
SEAT Ibiza FR Dashboard ( Wörthersee , 2012 )
SEAT e-Mii ( Barcelona , 2013 )
SEAT León verde plug-in ( Martorell , 2013 )
SEAT Ibiza Cupster ( Wörthersee , 2014 )
20V20 ( Geneva , 2015 )
el-Born ( Geneva , 2019 )
Minimo ( Barcelona , 2019 )
External links
Official website
SEAT
SEAT
Dereköy is a village in the District of Kumluca , Antalya Province , Turkey .
References
Villages in Kumluca District
CR-5000 is Zuken 's design suite for electronics systems and printed circuit boards aimed at the enterprise market . It was developed to tackle complex design needs that involve managing the complete development and manufacturing preparation process on an enterprise-wide scale . CR-5000 offers relevant functionality for the design of complex and high-speed boards , addressing design challenges such as signal integrity and electromagnetic compatibility .
CR-5000 is the fourth generation successor of CREATE1000 that was originally developed for PDP-11 by Zukei-Gijutsu-Kenkyusho ( Japanese for `` Graphic Technology and Research Laboratory '' ) . The main CR-5000 software is developed at Zuken Inc. headquarters in Yokohama , Japan . Other modules are developed in Zuken 's EMC Technology Center in Paderborn , Germany which is renowned for its research in EMC and SI simulation tools , and Zuken Technology Center in Bristol , England which focuses on routing tools . The latest version as of June 2012 is CR-5000 version 14 .
Tools
Design Gateway : Zuken 's platform for logical circuit design and verification of single and multi-board system-level electronic designs .
CR-5000 Component Manager : Library tool that provides comprehensive parts library management and wizard-generated custom versions of symbols and components .
CR-5000 Constraints Manager : Fully integrated successor to Zuken 's Hot-stage2 . Allows the input and management of constraints for multiple domains , eliminating rework and unnecessary prototypes .
CR-5000 Lightning : A virtual prototyping solution for High-Speed PCB design that integrates routing and PCB simulation tools . It provides in-depth analysis and what-if capabilities . EMC and Power integrity options are available .
CR-5000 Graphical Pin Manager : Enables a straightforward FPGA and PCB co-design flow , from top level HDL description to schematic symbols , as well as to the physical I/O information for layout .
CR-5000 Board Designer : An enterprise PCB design solution that addresses all aspects of the PCB design process . Has been developed with the core objective of increasing electronic product design quality through advanced editing functionality , collaboration , and verification within the CR-5000 environment and selected third party solutions .
CR-5000 Board Modeler : Optimized for the verification of PCB layouts in their mechanical environment . Provides a 3D view of the PCB in the mechanical enclosure allowing electrical or mechanical engineers to check for conflicts and verify spacing and fit . Supports STEP , ACIS , STL and IDF formats .
CR-5000 DFM Center ADM : Performs manufacturability checking in parallel with the layout process . Integrated with Zuken 's CR-5000 PCB design suite , DFM Center enables direct data transfer from design to manufacturing , saving time and reducing errors .
CR-5000 Board Producer : Expert tool for optimizing manufacturing output . Optimize silkscreens , soldermasks , stencils , test points , panelization , and more .
See also
CR-2000
CR-3000
CR-8000
Comparison of EDA software
List of free electronics circuit simulators
Zuken
Cadstar
References
External links
Official Zuken CR-5000 Website
Electronic design automation software
The 2008 United States Senate election in Virginia was held on November 4 , 2008 . Incumbent Republican U.S . Senator John Warner decided to retire instead of seeking a sixth term . Democrat Mark Warner ( no relation ) won the open seat by more than 31 percentage points . Warner became the first Democrat to win this seat since 1966 . This was also the first time since 1964 that the state voted simultaneously for a Democratic presidential candidate and a Democratic Senate candidate , having voted for Barack Obama in the presidential election , albeit by a far lesser margin . This was Virginia 's first open-seat election since 1988 .
Warner 's large margin of victory was reflected throughout the state — Gilmore won only six counties and independent cities ( Augusta , Colonial Heights , Hanover , Poquoson , Powhatan and Rockingham ) and his margin did n't exceed more than 2,000 votes in any of them . As of 2022 , this is the last time Amelia County and Bland County voted Democratic .
Background
John Warner , a former United States Under Secretary of the Navy , had served Virginia in the Senate since 1979 , and had been cagey about whether he would be running for re-election . He would have been favored for a sixth term had he decided to run again , even with recent Democratic gains in the state . In early 2007 , it was speculated that Warner , who turned 80 in February of that year , would retire . When Warner reported on April 12 , 2007 that he had raised only $ 500 in campaign contributions during the first quarter , speculation increased that he may not seek a sixth term .
On August 31 , 2007 , Warner formally announced that he would not be seeking re-election . The race was expected to be competitive , given the Democrats ' two successive gubernatorial victories ( 2001 , 2005 ) and the unseating of Republican senator George Allen by Jim Webb in 2006 .
The Wall Street Journal reported a story of National Republican Senatorial Committee chairman Senator John Ensign outlining the 10 most competitive seats of the 2008 Senate Election . When asked about the two GOP seats likely to switch parties , Virginia and New Mexico , on whether the NRSC is mulling walking away to work on other seats that can be won , Ensign said , `` You do n't waste money on races that do n't need it or you ca n't win . '' This suggested that the NRSC may have started cutting money off .
State conventions
Democratic Party
On September 12 , 2007 , former Governor Mark Warner ( no relation to John Warner ) announced his candidacy . Mark Warner had challenged John Warner for his Senate seat in 1996 , but was narrowly defeated . Mark Warner later won election in 2001 as Governor of Virginia , and left office with a high level of popularity in 2006 . He was confirmed as the party nominee at the state convention on June 10 , 2008 , as he went unopposed .
Republican Party
On September 16 , 2007 , Republican Rep. Tom Davis of the 11th District unofficially announced that he would seek election to the seat . The Washington Times reported that John Warner delayed his retirement announcement specifically to help Davis .
On October 1 , 2007 , the editors of the National Review encouraged Virginia voters to draft General Peter Pace , the retiring Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , to run in 2008 for the Senate seat to be vacated by retiring Senator John Warner . The magazine cited Pace 's conservative Catholic beliefs in making its suggestion .
On October 13 , the Republican Party of Virginia 's State Central Committee voted 47-37 to hold a statewide convention rather than a primary . Former Virginia governor Jim Gilmore argued strongly for a convention , claiming it would save the candidates money . It reportedly costs $ 4 million to compete in a primary , while it costs only $ 1 million for a convention . Davis argued that a primary would expose the candidates to the kind of environment they would face in November . A primary was thought to favor Davis due to his popularity in voter-rich Northern Virginia . In contrast , a convention was thought to favor Gilmore because most of the delegates would come from the party 's activist base , which is tilted heavily to the right . With the decision , Gilmore said he was seriously considering entering the race .
Davis dropped out of the race on October 25 , 2007 , citing the potential difficulties of defeating Gilmore in the conservative-dominated GOP convention and in taking on Warner , who is very popular in Davis ' own Northern Virginia base . Gilmore confirmed his candidacy on November 19 , 2007 .
On January 7 , 2008 , Delegate Bob Marshall ( R-Prince William County ) , a sixteen-year state legislator from Northern Virginia known for his social conservative values , announced he would challenge Gilmore for the Republican nomination May 31 , 2008 . The convention was held on May 31 , 2008 , where Gilmore won the nomination with 50.3 % of the vote , just 66 votes more than Marshall .
Republican Convention Vote
Third parties
On March 29 , 2008 , the Libertarian Party of Virginia state convention nominated Bill Redpath as its Senate candidate . Redpath , who was serving as national party chair at the time , cited the importance of running a Libertarian candidate for federal office this election year , considering the fact that the Independent Greens have been fielding candidates so actively in recent years . Glenda Gail Parker from Alexandria , a retired U.S. Air Force officer , ran again for the Independent Greens as she did in the 2006 Senate election .
Nominated candidates
After the Democratic , Republican , and Libertarian State Conventions , the final nominated candidates for the 2008 Virginia Senate Election were :
Jim Gilmore - Republican Nominee - From Henrico County , Virginia
Mark Warner - Democratic Nominee - From Alexandria , Virginia
Bill Redpath - Libertarian Nominee - From Leesburg , Virginia
Glenda Gail Parker - Green Nominee - From Alexandria , Virginia
General election
Candidates
Jim Gilmore ( R ) , former governor
Glenda Parker ( G )
Bill Redpath ( L )
Mark Warner ( D ) , former governor
Campaign
After the conclusions of the state conventions , Democrat Mark Warner had emerged as the front-runner for the Class 2 Senate seat from Virginia . Some early polling showed Mark Warner leading Jim Gilmore by as much as 2-1 .
Pundits and analysists believed Virginia to be the single strongest pickup opportunity for the Democrats due to Warner 's consistent lead in the polls .
Jim Gilmore responded aggressively , mostly with ads on the Internet ; his campaign had very little money . Gilmore attacked Warner for raising taxes during his term as governor , when he had pledged not to do so , flip-flopping among many other topics .
On October 6 , 2008 , Mark Warner and Jim Gilmore debated various issues , including the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008 , the Iraq War and Judicial nominees . The Richmond Times Dispatch sponsored the debate held at the Taubman Museum of Art , Roanoke , Virginia .
Mark Warner argued he 'd be part of a radical centrist coalition , no matter who won the Presidency . He claimed the coalition would improve cooperation in the Congress and its subsequent public perception . Warner spoke of alternative energy , and Gilmore argued for offshore drilling . The issue of the 2004 tax increase under then-Governor Mark Warner was raised at the first debate of the campaign between Gilmore and Warner .
The Washington Post reported on July 24 , 2008 , that Jim Gilmore `` submitted false information on two financial disclosure forms that hid his ties to a government contractor embroiled in a legal dispute over allegations that two of its executives had conspired to defraud the federal government . '' The Gilmore campaign responded by saying , the controversy was due to a `` clerical error . ''
On election night , Warner was declared the winner based on exit polls alone , before the votes were counted .
Fundraising
Money played a large role in the campaign . By July , Mark Warner had raised $ 9 million , while Jim Gilmore had raised $ 1.2 million . This does not include money from the DSCC or NRSC .
Endorsements
Mark Warner
Bristol Herald-Courier
Daily Press ( Newport News )
Danville Register & Bee
Fredericksburg Free Lance-Star
Loudoun Times-Mirror
Martinsville Bulletin
News and Advance ( Lynchburg )
The Roanoke Times
The Virginian-Pilot ( Norfolk )
The Washington Post
Jim Gilmore
Richmond Times-Dispatch
Predictions
Polling
Results
See also
2008 United States Senate elections
References
External links
General
Virginia State Board of Elections
U.S. Congress candidates for Virginia at Project Vote Smart
Virginia , U.S. Senate from CQ Politics
Virginia U.S. Senate from OurCampaigns.com
Virginia Senate race from 2008 Race Tracker
Campaign contributions from OpenSecrets
Gilmore ( R ) vs M. Warner ( D ) graph of multiple polls from Pollster.com
Official campaign websites ( Archived )
Jim Gilmore for Senate , Republican nominee
Mark Warner for Senate , Democratic nominee
Bill Redpath for Senate , Libertarian nominee
2008
Virginia
United States Senate
Jim Gilmore
Mark Warner
Biraul is the subdivisional headquarters of Biraul subdivision , consisting of six blocks of Darbhanga district in Bihar , India . The blocks are Biraul , Ghanshyampur , Gorabauram , Kiratpur , Kusheshwar Asthan and Kusheshwar Asthan East . This region covers the south-eastern part of Darbhanga district .
The headquarters building is planned to be constructed in the Mauza area of the Uchhati village . A new road is planned to be constructed to link Darbhanga and Saharsa near this headquarter . Biraul is also a railhead . A new rail line ( 36 km ) has been constructed from the Sakri junction to Biraul . The line was inaugurated in 2008 . Three passenger trains run on this line every 24 hours .
The constituent college J. K. College Biraul is located here . Biraul also has two petrol pump stations , two cinema halls , an agricultural farm of the state government , a veterinary hospital , a high school ( Onkar High English School , Supaul Bazar ) and an old middle school , and a government hospital .
There are 26 village panchayats in Biraul block . The suburban villages are Uchhati Hati Benk Balia Dumari Karkauli , Bangarahata Hanuman Nagar .
A new road is planned to be constructed from Hatikothi to Gandaul ( 13 km ) . The Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar has inaugurated this road and a bridge on the Kamala river at Kothram recently . This road is planned to be a part of Darbhanga-Saharsa road . After completion of this road the distance between Biraul and Saharsa will be only 40 km ( compared with the present distance of over 100 km ) . The distance between Darbhanga and Saharsa will also be reduced to 86 km . The State Highway 56 of Bihar passes through Biraul , connecting Darbhanga and Kusheshwasthan via Biraul .
References
Villages in Darbhanga district
is a Japanese adult visual novel created by Spray and published by Visual Arts for Microsoft Windows . The game was first released as a limited edition bundle on July 20 , 2007 , before later seeing a general release on October 12 , 2007 . A fan disc sequel titled Kichiku Megane R was later released for Microsoft Windows , with the limited edition released on March 27 , 2009 , and the standard version released on February 5 , 2010 .
Since the release of Kichiku Megane , several novel and manga adaptations written by the original staff of the game were released . In addition , several original audio dramas were released on CD .
Plot
Katsuya Saeki is a 25-year-old unsuccessful salaryman working in a marketing subsidiary of a pharmaceutical company whose division is at risk of being laid off . Weak-willed and shy , one evening , he comes across Mr. R , who gives him a pair of glasses that he claims to change his life . When Katsuya wears the glasses , he becomes confident and domineering , but the more he wears them , the more brutal and sadistic he becomes . The endings that the player achieves depends on which character is selected as Katsuya 's love interest , whether Katsuya keeps wearing the glasses , and other choices made throughout the game .
Characters
Katsuya is a 25-year-old office employee who has been working for three years in 8th department of Kikuchi Marketing , a subsidiary of the pharmaceutical company MGN . In the past , he also played volleyball . While weak-willed and shy in his normal form , when he wears the sadistic glasses , his personality instantly changes to confident and commanding . Without glasses , Katsuya plays the in a relationship , while wearing glasses , he plays the . Tatsuya Hirai , who provided Katsuya 's voice , noted that Katsuya 's personalities vary depending on what relationship he is experiencing .
Mido is a 32-year-old office employee working as the director of the product development department of MGN . Having climbed up to a high position with exceptional speed at a young age , Mido is a perfectionist . He is the project manager of a new product sales campaign that is being developed by the 8th department of Kikuchi Marketing .
Honda is a 25-year-old office employee working in the same department as Katsuya , and the two have been friends since college . He is athletic and was the captain of his volleyball team , with a promising career in sports . He is working hard to ensure that the 8th department will not be laid off .
Katagiri is a 43-year-old office employee and the manager of Katsuya 's department . He used to be married with children but has since divorced and currently lives alone with his two cockatiels , Montenmaru and Shizukagozen . He is available as a love interest if Katsuya is wearing his glasses .
Taichi is a 21-year-old college student working part-time at Café Lloyd , a coffee shop near Katsuya 's apartment . He is easygoing and listens attentively to Katsuya . He is available as a love interest if Katsuya is not wearing his glasses .
Aki is an attractive boy who slept with Katsuya on the first night he wore the glasses . Unable to forget their first meeting , Katsuya looks for him in the city and at clubs . Aki is then taken in to live with Katsuya as his `` pet cat . '' He is available as a love interest if Katsuya is wearing his glasses .
Mr. R
Mr. R is a mysterious man who Katsuya meets one evening at a park near his office building and is the one who gave him the glasses .
Media
Video game
Kichiku Megane is created by Spray and published by Visual Arts for Microsoft Windows . The game was first released as a limited edition bundle on July 20 , 2007 , before later seeing a general release on October 12 , 2007 . The game 's theme song is `` Under the Darkness '' , which briefly went viral on Nicovideo for its mondegreen lyrics . The game was followed by the fan disc sequel Kichiku Megane R , with the limited edition released on March 27 , 2009 , and the standard version released on February 5 , 2010 . Aside from the story mode , Kichiku Megane R includes a typing game titled , where salacious phrases are typed under a time limit to cause a selected character to go into various states of undress .
Novels
A novel adaptation of the same is written by Tamami , the writer of the original game . , who provided artwork to the game , also provided illustrations for the novel . The books were published by Libre Publishing under the B-Boy Slash Novels imprint .
Manga
Main adaptation
A manga adaptation is written and illustrated by Fuhri Misasagi . It was serialized in the monthly manga magazine Magazine Be × Boy beginning with the October 2007 issue released on September 7 , 2007 . It was later compiled in four bound volumes by Libre Publishing under the Super BBC imprint . In 2019 , Hifumi Store exclusively published a compilation of all the unofficial that Misasagi had created and sold at events over the years .
Anthologies
In 2009 , Libre Publishing released an official comic anthology under the F'packs imprint .
Other
In 2013 , Ohzora Publishing released a 4-panel comic illustrated by Io Kazuki under the Missy Comics imprint .
Discography
Audio drama albums
Two original audio dramas were released on CD in 2007 , with one version focusing on Katsuya 's personality with his glasses on and the other without his glasses . Following the release of Kichiku Megane R in 2009 , a second series of audio drama CDs were released , with all scenarios written by the scenario writer of Kichiku Megane R , Tamami . Team Entertainment pre-released the drama CD Kichiku Megane de `` Yuku Nen Kuru Nen '' : Katsuya & Honda-hen at their booth at Comic Market 79 from December 29 to December 31 , 2010 .
Soundtrack
References
External links
2007 video games
Japan-exclusive video games
LGBT-related video games
Manga based on video games
Video games developed in Japan
Windows-only games
Yaoi anime and manga
Yaoi video games
Joe Beam is an inspirational speaker and best-selling author . He founded Family Dynamics Institute in 1994 and served as its president until he founded Love Path International in 2008 . He has appeared on television and radio programs including The Today Show , The Weekend Today Show , ABC 's Good Morning America , Focus on the Family , the Montel Williams Show , and the Mike and Juliet Show . Beam has been featured in articles by magazines such as People and Better Homes and Gardens . He hosted Give and Take—a national radio show in which he provided advice on relationships ranging from romance to parenting . The show went off the air in September 2008 due to production negotiations .
Career
Beam earned his bachelor 's degree in theology ( magna cum laude ) from Southern Christian University . He did graduate studies in clinical psychology at the University of Evansville and earned a PhD in health science at the University of Sydney .
He has authored magazine articles , corporate training programs , and several books including the national bestseller Seeing the Unseen , Forgiven Forever , and Becoming One : Emotionally , Spiritually , and Sexually . Joe and his wife Alice collaborated with Nick and Nancy Stinnett to write Fantastic Families . He is often invited to universities , churches , and community groups to speak about marriage and family relationships from a Christian perspective . Beam served as minister at Western Hills Church of Christ in Nashville , TN until leaving in 2014 .
Guidelines on sex
Sexual activity in marriage is allowed by God if :
It does n't involve other people
It does n't involve animals
It does not cause harm to one another
Beam also states that :
Oral sex is not a sin .
Usage of vibrators or other instruments is not a sin .
These statements came from viewers and listener reviews , and were answered by Joe Beam .
Selected bibliography
1998 Seeing the Unseen
1998 Forgiven Forever : The Full Force of God 's Tender Mercy
1999 Becoming One : Emotionally , Spiritually and Sexually ( )
1999 Families : Seven Steps to Building a Strong Family ( )
2002 Seeing the Unseen : Preparing Yourself for Spiritual Warfare ( Expanded ) ( )
2003 Getting Past Guilt : Embracing God 's Forgiveness ( )
2006 The Real Heaven : It 's Not What You Think ( )
2009 Your Love Path ( )
2010 The True Heaven : Not What You Thought , Better Than You Expected ( )
2012 The Art of Falling in Love ( )
Notes
References
CBS : `` The Sex Preacher ''
WSMV Story : Church Goers Receive Sex Advice from Minister
Fox Morning Show with Mike and Juliet
External links
Joe Beam Official Website
Relationship Enrichment Organization Joe Beam Founded
Give and Take Radio Website
Joe Beam 's Marriage Helper Website
Western Hills Church
American Christian writers
Living people
University of Evansville alumni
University of Sydney alumni
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Qiniq , from the Inuktitut root word for `` to search '' , is a Canadian company , which uses satellite and wireless communications technology to provide broadband Internet service to remote communities in the Canadian territory of Nunavut . The Qiniq network serves all 25 municipalities in Nunavut with satellite and wireless broadband internet services .
History
In the fall of 2002 , Industry Canada announced the Broadband for Rural and Northern Development ( BRAND ) program , serving as the catalyst for the creation of Nunavut Broadband Development Corporation ( NBDC ) , a non-profit organization tasked with identifying the territory 's broadband needs . NBDC issued a request for proposal to vendors , which SSI Micro won in the spring of 2004 . SSI Micro began building of Qiniq , a subsidiary of SSI Micro , which was launched in 2005 .
Since its foundation , Qiniq has upgraded its network multiple times , including the implementation of DVB-S2 receivers in 2009 , and the installation of LTE technology in 2016 .
In January 2014 , Qiniq was forced to pay a $ 128,000 fine after overcharging approximately 600 customers for several months .
In March 2020 , the company released a statement asking for users to limit their internet usage due to increased internet usage during the COVID-19 pandemic .
Services
The company 's network incorporates a number of features , such as mesh connectivity , traffic shaping , local web caches , and TCP acceleration .
The Qiniq network is managed centrally by SSI Micro , who maintains the satellite infrastructure , the wireless networks , all back-end hardware as well as the billing and management systems .
The company employs a number of `` Community Service Providers '' , local residents who are tasked with signing up local users , taking payments , and providing technical support to their clients . Qiniq provides technical training to their Community Service Providers , and allows them to keep a percentage of the revenue they bring in .
The Qiniq network received an award in 2005 from the annual awards conferred by the Wireless Communications Association ( WCA ) for Provisioning Underserved Communities with NLOS Broadband Wireless Technology . The Qiniq network was also a part of the 2005 designation of Nunavut as an `` Intelligent Community '' by the Intelligent Community Forum , a New York-based think tank .
In September 2018 , the company announced a successful rollout of 4G LTE and 2G-GSM technology in all 25 municipalities in Nunvavut .
References
External links
SSI Micro
Nunavut Broadband
Internet service providers of Canada
Companies based in Nunavut
Communications in Nunavut
Satellite Internet access
Canadian companies established in 2005
2005 establishments in Nunavut
Telecommunication companies established in 2005
Leonard Lanzi ( born 1962 ) is a former executive with the Los Padres Council of the Boy Scouts of America known for his high-profile dismissal from the organization because he came out as a gay man . He is the subject of the short documentary film Scout 's Oath . Lanzi has been a candidate for public office and a successful venture capitalist . Lanzi is an active Rotarian and is active in the LGBT community .
Life
Lanzi was born in Warwick , Rhode Island . He became an Eagle Scout , and is a graduate of the University of Rochester . Up to 2000 , he had spent his entire professional life working as a Scout Executive with the Boy Scouts of America , first in the San Francisco Bay Area and then San Diego , before moving to Santa Barbara . He was fired after coming out as gay in a public speech to the Santa Barbara County Board of Supervisors . On October 17 , 2000 , when speaking against a Santa Barbara County Board of Supervisors proposal to remove funding from the Scouts because the organization excludes gays , he said , `` I am gay '' . Lanzi disclosed this because he felt obliged to follow his Scout 's honor and tell the truth . Said Lanzi , `` A Scout has to have integrity ... and I could not speak up here without feeling hypocritical . '' He then embraced the twelve attributes of the Scout Law : `` I am trustworthy , loyal , helpful , friendly , courteous , kind , obedient , cheerful , thrifty , brave , clean and reverent . ''
Soon after his public announcement his commission was revoked , and he was dismissed as the council 's Scout Executive by its board , at the behest of the BSA National Office . Lanzi 's dismissal occurred in the aftermath of Boy Scouts of America v. Dale , a decision which allowed the BSA to determine membership standards . At the time , Lanzi was the highest-placed executive in the organization to have been fired over his sexual orientation .
Lanzi immediately started working heading other non-profits in Santa Barbara County . He settled a lawsuit , filed against the council , that alleged `` breach of contract , defamation , employment discrimination , emotional distress and wrongful termination '' .
Having been a member of the Log Cabin Republicans since the early 1990s , Lanzi became active in politics , becoming the Republican nominee for the California 's 23rd State Senate district in the 2004 election .
From 2008 to 2020 , Lanzi headed the Los Angeles Venture Association , and is the current managing director of the Preccelerator Program in Santa Monica . He now lives in Santa Monica with his partner , Russell Nelson .
Still working in non-profit management , Lanzi is still active with the Log Cabin Republicans , Rotary , and a number of LGBT organizations .
Scout 's Oath
Scout 's Oath is a short documentary film focusing on the story of Lanzi , written and directed by Ryan Rambach . It documents the impact of coming out as a gay man while working for the Boy Scouts of America . The film is a personal exposé piece . It was funded by Kickstarter and filmed in Southern California by Rambach as his senior thesis at Occidental College .
The film premiered at the OUTrageous ! Santa Barbara LGBTQ Film Festival , and was shown at a number of film festivals including the :
Appalachian Queer Film Festival
Highway 61 Film Festival
Queer West Film Festival
Santa Fe Film Festival
Sedona International Film Festival
In 2015 , it made its Canadian premiere , and in 2019 it made its European premiere when it was included as part of the Respect Human Rights Film Festival in Belfast .
Reviewer Michel F. Paré , of the Queer West Film Festival , said from a historical aspect this is still an important documentary to be seen .
References
External links
1962 births
California Republicans
Living people
People from Warwick , Rhode Island
University of Rochester alumni
The South Australian Vigneron and Gardeners ' Manual ( July 1843 ) was the first gardening book published ( and one of the first books locally written and published ) in the newly founded colony of South Australia .
It was written by George McEwin ( 1815 – 1885 ) , then gardener to vigneron George Stevenson , published by James Allen , and sold by subscription at 3s . then retailed at 4s .
Subscribers
The list of subscribers reads like a `` Who 's Who '' of SA colonists . At 24 June 1843 they were :
His Excellency the Governor ( 10 copies )
His Honour the Judge ( 2 )
James Allen , North Adelaide ( 6 )
Capt . Allen , Port Gawler
George Alston , Sturt River
G. A. Anstey ( 2 )
David Ball , Vine Farm , Prospect
John Beerjew , North Adelaide
Charles Berkeley , Cranford
William Blyth , Hindley Street
C. F. Bonner
J. Bouch , Hindley Street ( 2 )
John Bradford , Sturt River
Alex . Brodie , Claremont Cottage
Lewis Bryant ( 2 )
W. H. Burford , Grenfell Street
T. Burr
John Calder , Port Adelaide
G. L. Cooper , Hindmarsh
J. Cousins , Brighton
James Coutts
K. J. F. Crawford
J. D. Finnis , North Adelaide
C. Davies , M.D. , North Adelaide ( 2 )
Rev . R. Drummond , Brownhill Creek ( 6 )
George Duke , South Terrace
J. S. Duncan , Reed-beds
E. N. Emmett , Lyndoch Valley ( 2 )
C. G. Everard , Ashford
S. Fairlie , Hindley Street
Charles Fenn , Kensington
Flett and Linklater , Hindley Street ( 2 )
John Foreman , South Terrace
C. E. Fortnimin ( 3 )
A . Foster
James Frew , Fullarton ( 2 )
Lieut Frome ( 2 : )
Samuel D. Gill
Osmond Gilles , Glen Osmond
John Guthrie , Fairfield
R. L. Hall
Jean Harkness , Grahamshall
Alexander Hay , Little Para
William Hay , North Adelaide
William Higginson , Kensington
H. D. Hilton , Grenfell Street
J. Humphrey , Islington
J . A. Jackson ( 2 )
H. Johnson ( 3 )
A. C. Kelly M.D. , Morphett Vale
W. G. Lambert , Grenfell Street
H. W. Litchfield , Grenfell Street
W. Little , Mount Barker
H. Manfull , Challaston Grove
C. Mann , Syleham , on the Torrens ( 3 )
R. Miller , Hindley Street
Capt . John Mitchell , Mount Barker ( 2 )
T. J. Mitchell , North Adelaide
T. N. Mitchell , Mount Barker ( 2 )
Capt . W. C. Mitchell , ship Frankfeld ( 2 )
Jacob Barrow Montefiore
R. L. Montefiore
A. M. Mundy ( 3 )
W. H. Newenham , North Terrace
Thomas Norris , North Adelaide
P. Peachey , Kermode Street
C. G. Platts , Hindley Street ( 6 )
Edward Roberts , Pine Forest
John Roedan , Lyndoch Valley
Thomas Round , Weymouth Street
William Seargeant , Log House Farm
Matthew Smith , Gawler Place
Emanuel Spiller , Grenfell Street
George Stevenson , North Adelaide ( 6 )
Samuel Stocks , junr. , Grenfell Street
Captain Sturt ( 2 )
David Sutherland , Sturt River
John Taylor , Bank of South Australia
W. K. Thomas , Kermode Street
Edmund Trimmer , North Adelaide
John and James Turner
M. Turton , Rundle Street
J. Walker , Havering , on the Torrens ( 2 )
John Warden , North Adelaide
J. Wetherspoon , Franklin Street
Nathanial Wheaten , Park Farm
Frederic Wicksteed , Adelaide
John T. Wicksteed , Taranake , New Zealand
Thomas Williams , Hermitage
E. Wright , junr. , North Terrace
George Young , Port Adelaide
The Public Library of South Australia produced a facsimile edition in 1962 .
References
External links
https : //archive.today/20121128183818/http : //www.slv.vic.gov.au/vicpamphlets/inter/1195819.shtml
http : //www.winelit.slsa.sa.gov.au/sa_story/SS_B634.81_1843_01.htm
1843 non-fiction books
Australian non-fiction books
History of South Australia
Gardening books
The 1992 Nutri-Metics Bendon Classic was a women 's tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts at the ASB Tennis Centre in Auckland in New Zealand that was part of Tier V of the 1992 WTA Tour . It was the seventh edition of the tournament and was held from 27 January through to 2 February 1992 . Unseeded Robin White won the singles title .
Finals
Singles
Robin White defeated Andrea Strnadová 2–6 , 6–4 , 6–3
It was White 's second WTA title of her career .
Doubles
Rosalyn Fairbank-Nideffer / Raffaella Reggi defeated Jill Hetherington / Kathy Rinaldi 1–6 , 6–1 , 7–5
See also
1992 Benson and Hedges Open – men 's tournament
References
External links
ITF tournament edition details
Tournament draws
Nutri-Metics Bendon Classic
WTA Auckland Open
Nutri
ASB
ASB
1992 in New Zealand tennis
Kent Durden ( 1937–2007 ) was an American wildlife photographer , documentary producer and writer . He is widely known for the non-fiction book Gifts of an Eagle , published by Simon and Schuster in 1971 . He followed this book with the fictional Flight to Freedom ( 1974 ) and the memoir A Fine and Peaceful Kingdom ( 1975 ) .
Kent worked with his father Ed Durden while they raised , studied and filmed a golden eagle named Lady . When they first got Lady Kent was 16 years old . Lady appeared in a number of TV and films during the 16 years she was with the Durdens . Most notably Disney 's Grand Canyon , The Legend of the Boy and the Eagle and a number of Lassie episodes .
Kent began his own nature film making business in the 60 's and 70 's . Some of his experiences photographing animals for various TV shows and films was documented in the book A Fine and Peaceful Kingdom .
He also showed his film on lecture tours for the National Audubon Society for many years .
In 1971 Kent wrote the book Gifts of an Eagle . The book tells the story of all that he and his father learned about golden eagles . It also documents the strong relationship between Ed and Lady . This book and the documentary film that followed had a major impact on eagle studies . The footage of Lady 's eggs hatching was the first time an eagle was filmed nesting in captivity .
In 2007 , he passed away from a heart attack while on a Mission trip in Belize . Family who were close remember him fondly and miss him dearly .
References and external links
Gifts of an Eagle ( 1972 ) Simon and Schuster
Flight to Freedom ( 1974 ) Simon and Schuster
A Fine and Peaceful Kingdom ( 1975 ) Simon and Schuster
Kent Durden Obituary
Gifts of an Eagle Website
1937 births
2007 deaths
20th-century American photographers
is a Japanese professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Kamatamare Sanuki .
References
External links
1996 births
Living people
Japanese footballers
Association football midfielders
Kamatamare Sanuki players
J3 League players
Pastra ( ) is a small mountain village in the Rila Municipality of Kyustendil Province in south-western Bulgaria and as of 2013 has 151 inhabitants . It lies at the western foothills of the Rila Mountains on the banks of the Rilska River just outside the borders of the Rila Monastery Nature Park . It is situated at 8 km east of the municipal centre Rila , 12 km west of the Rila Monastery and some 63 km south of the national capital Sofia .
In the Middle Ages the village was part of the Bulgarian Empire . Pastra was first mentioned in written records in the 14th century Rila Charter of Emperor Ivan Shishman ( r. 1371–1395 ) , where it was listed as a possession of the Rila Monastery .
It gives its name to the Pastra Glacier in the central part of Trinity Island in the Palmer Archipelago , Antarctica .
Citations
Villages in Kyustendil Province
Feral Tribune was a Croatian political weekly magazine . Based in Split , it first started as a political satire supplement in Nedjeljna Dalmacija ( the Sunday edition of the Slobodna Dalmacija daily newspaper ) before evolving into an independent satirical weekly in 1993 . It became a popular political weekly in the 2000s before ceasing publication in June 2008 .
The magazine , whose name was a play on Herald Tribune ( see below ) , and which billed itself as a `` weekly magazine for Croatian anarchists , protesters and heretics '' , commonly included a provocative satirical photomontage on the cover page , a short news section ( titled `` Informbiro '' ) , editorials , interviews , a satirical section ( titled `` Feral Tromblon '' ) , and sections on music , books and the Internet .
Another popular section , titled `` Greatest Shits '' , included a collection of ludicrous statements made in the Croatian media by politicians and other public figures in the previous week . The magazine typically had between 50 and 100 pages in total . It was originally printed in black and white , later changed to full color glossy paper , but then reverted to black and white . In 1994 Feral Tribune also launched a book publishing department which published a series of works by renowned contemporary authors and intellectuals from ex-Yugoslav countries , such as Arsen Dedić , Slavenka Drakulić , Milan Kangrga , Mirko Kovač , Izet Sarajlić and Nenad Veličković , foreign writers such as Isaiah Berlin , Norberto Bobbio , Leonard Cohen and George Soros , as well as works by their in-house columnists such as Boris Dežulović and Viktor Ivančić .
Although the magazine was hugely popular in the 1990s and had received a number of international awards during the period , its circulation gradually declined in the 2000s . Following a series of financial difficulties and failed takeover negotiations with Europapress Holding , the magazine was forced to cease publication in 2008 and published its final issue on 19 June 2008 . In March 2010 a digital archive of all articles ever published in Feral Tribune was published in the form of a four-disc DVD set .
History
Beginnings
The paper 's name is likely a play on Herald Tribune . `` Feral '' , in Dalmatian dialect , represents a petroleum or gas lamp , typically used on night fishing excursions . Dalmatian culture has a very intimate connection to the sea , and the term Feral is often used as the name of local sport clubs or performing groups . While the term `` feral '' typically refers to qualities associated with a wild or undomesticated animal in English , it is unlikely that the Croatian-speaking editors chose the title Feral for its meaning in English . On the other hand , it is quite possible that the editorial office enjoyed the double entendre that it elicited among foreign observers , giving the newspaper title an aura of its editorial independence and unwillingness to be tamed by political pressure .
Feral was conceived in 1984 by a trio of young journalists Viktor Ivančić , Predrag Lucić , and Boris Dežulović . The trio named itself by combining letters in their names to form `` Viva Ludež '' , a term for insanity or literally meaning `` long live madness '' . Their works initially appeared in the weekly humour supplement of Nedjeljna Dalmacija in 1988 . After a month , Feral was banned after it ran a satirical piece ridiculing then Serbian president Slobodan Milošević 's nationalist and anti-establishment protests . The publication then moved to Split 's daily newspaper , Slobodna Dalmacija . In 1993 , when Miroslav Kutle , a businessman with close ties to the governing Croatian Democratic Union ( HDZ ) bought Slobodna Dalmacija , the weekly split off to form its own independent publication . On 1 June 1993 , the publication launched its first independent issue with the headline `` Ante Pavelić Found Alive '' , ironically suggesting that his political spirit was alive in Croatian life .
Rise in popularity and legal issues
Feral received little attention until Yugoslavia broke apart in the early 1990s . The magazine 's favorite subject soon became Franjo Tudjman . A winter 1993 issue depicted a photograph of Milošević and Tudjman in bed naked together with a headline that read : `` Is this what we fought for ? '' . Once the issue hit the streets , it quickly sold out all 50,000 copies . Meanwhile , Ivančić , the magazine 's editor , was conscripted to the Croatian army . `` His mobilization was obviously related to that issue , '' said Boris Dežulović who was deputy editor at the time . `` We believe they planned to send him to the front lines in Bosnia , but after all the noise this case has raised , they have left him in the barracks instead . '' He was eventually released . International media took notice of the cover , and a framed copy was even put up in the New York Times newsroom .
Although the magazine was humorous in nature , it started addressing more serious issues as the Yugoslav wars ensued . Feral was among the first Croatian newspapers to openly report on various topics that the state-controlled newspapers would not report on including war crimes perpetrated by Croatian soldiers , the Croatian army 's involvement in the war in Bosnia , Tuđman 's revanchist opinions of the Ustaše in the context of generic Croatian nationalism , the Herzegovina profiteer lobby , connections between the government and the Catholic Church and other topics . It denounced Croatian racism , Antisemitism , corruption from the governing party as well as Croatian war crimes . HDZ officials criticised Feral , accusing it of anti-Croatian reporting at a time when the country was at war . In 1994 , a 50 % sales tax typically imposed on pornographic magazines was imposed on the Feral by the HDZ government . This tax received criticism and in 1995 the Croatian Constitutional Court overturned the decision .
Due to the change in the political system , there was nationwide confusion on many issues at the time . `` Financial engineering '' , corruption , and the renewed independence resulted in changes in the government , a burst of patriotism , nationalism , and xenophobia . As a political satire paper , the Feral Tribune provided significant material from the warmongering and profiteering associated with the era . Feral arguably represented almost the only influential opposition to the HDZ administration on the media scene .
In 1996 , HDZ passed a law under which public criticism of the highest officials was punishable . The editors of Feral editors were among the first to be sued for defamation . Feral was the subject of dozens of libel suits and criminal charges laid by government officials , including by Tudjman 's daughter . In 1998 , they were sued by the government for an article criticizing Tudjman 's plan to move the remains of Ustaše soldiers and bury them alongside World War Two concentration camp victims at Jasenovac .
In 1997 , Feral published an interview with Miroslav Bajramovic , a former member of the reservist police battalion under the command of Tomislav Merčep , who detailed war crimes committed against Serb civilians in Pakračka Poljana . After it ran the story , Feral staff members had to be given police protection because of the death threats it received .
Despite these issues , Feral Tribune continued to survive in part because of donations from abroad . Tudjman died in 1999 and his party was voted out of power on 2000 parliamentary elections .
Attempts to replace Tudjman with George W. Bush as a target led to the magazine embracing a stronger ideological profile and promoting radical left views which alienated some of its old readers and allowed other Croatian newsweeklies , most notably Globus and Nacional , to rise in their relative popularity . Feral was also affected by personnel changes with the departure of one of its founders .
While the magazine 's circulation and influence were limited by these factors , the Feral Tribune continued to maintain a strong critical approach to the government . It criticised Prime Minister Ivica Račan for his unwillingness to distance himself from Tuđman 's legacy and exposed corruption scandals related to his government . In 2003 , after HDZ 's return to power , Feral Tribune began to see a resurgence in popularity . In December 2005 , Drago Hedl , the paper 's editor , received an anonymous death threat by mail , for his reporting on the abduction and murder of ethnic Serb civilians in Osijek in 1991-92 . In 2006 , the International Center for Journalists is awarding Hedl a Knight International Award for excellence in journalism .
Financial troubles and closure
In June 2007 , the paper missed two weekly issues due to financial problems . The editorial staff announced that their bank accounts had been blocked due to a VAT debt , and that several court rulings against the paper had imposed additional strain on their accounts . The staff accused the Croatian government of favoring governmental and nationalist media by writing off their VAT debts , thus creating an unfair competition to Feral . The finance ministry 's decision to freeze the weekly 's bank accounts was widely condemned in Croatia . Croatian officials , including the President Stjepan Mesić and the Prime Minister Ivo Sanader both pledged help to Feral Tribune , both acclaiming it as a contributor to the development of democracy in Croatia , but no help was actually offered .
On 28 June 2007 , the paper began publication again . It was reported that , due to financial difficulties , it was to be bought by Europa Press Holding ( EPH ) , the largest publisher in Croatia ( Globus , Jutarnji list ) , sparking speculation regarding the future of Feral 's independence . However , in June 2008 , after the EPH started avoiding the paper 's officials in takeover negotiations , Feral Tribune editors announced the end of the magazine . After 15 years , and numerous lawsuits from politicians , editors cited financial troubles due to lack of funding and the failure of negotiations with EPH as the causes .
Awards
Feral had won several important awards over the years :
In 1992 it received Veselko Tenžera 's award and the Stefanel award .
In 1996 it won International Press Directory 's award for freedom of the press .
In 1997 it won the World Association of Newspapers ' Golden Pen of Freedom , and an International Press Freedom Award from the Committee to Protect Journalists .
In 1998 it received an award for the best political satire newspaper in the world , at the International fair of political satire in Forte dei Marmi .
See also
Boris Dežulović
Viktor Ivančić
Nedjeljna Dalmacija
Further reading
References
Sources
External links
Official website
Feral Tribune back issues at ceeol.com
1984 establishments in Croatia
2008 disestablishments in Croatia
Croatian-language magazines
Political magazines published in Croatia
Defunct magazines published in Croatia
Defunct political magazines
Satirical magazines published in Europe
Magazines established in 1984
Magazines disestablished in 2008
Mass media in Split , Croatia
A solecism is a phrase that transgresses the rules of grammar . The term is often used in the context of linguistic prescription ; it also occurs descriptively in the context of a lack of idiomaticness .
Etymology
The word originally was used by the Greeks for what they perceived as grammatical mistakes in their language . The word was used to indicate to reduce something to absurdity . Ancient Athenians considered the dialect of the inhabitants of Soli , Cilicia to be a corrupted form of their pure Attic dialect , and labelled the errors in the form as `` solecisms '' ( Greek : σολοικισμοί , soloikismoí ; sing . : σολοικισμός , soloikismós ) . Therefore , when referring to similar grammatical mistakes heard in the speech of Athenians , they described them as `` solecisms '' and that term has been adopted as a label for grammatical mistakes in any language ; in Greek there is often a distinction in the relevant terms in that a mistake in semantics ( i.e. , a use of words with other-than-appropriate meaning or a neologism constructed through application of generative rules by an outsider ) is called a barbarism ( barbarismos ) , whereas solecism refers to mistakes in syntax , in the construction of sentences .
Examples
See also
Catachresis
Disputed English grammar
English as She Is Spoke
Fowler 's Modern English Usage
Malapropism
Prescription and description
Error ( linguistics )
Zeugma , a rhetorical use of solecism for effect
References
External links
Grammar
English grammar
Ancient Greek
Linguistic error
Sociolinguistics
es : Solecismo
The End of the Golden Weather is a play by Bruce Mason about a boy 's loss of innocence in Depression-era New Zealand . It was written for solo performance by the author but can be performed by an ensemble and was made into an award-winning feature film directed by Ian Mune in 1991 . It was workshopped in 1959 and first performed for the public in 1960 . The script was published in 1962 and again in 1970 after Mason had performed it more than 500 times . In 1963 he performed it at the Edinburgh Festival .
Set in the fictitious beachfront township of Te Parenga on Auckland 's North Shore in the 1930s , the main character is a nameless boy of about 12 ( called Geoff in the film ) , based on the young Mason and a man from his childhood .
The play is in four parts :
Sunday at Te Parenga
The night of the riots
Christmas at Te Parenga
The made man
In the first half the boy spies on an abortive riot by his unemployed neighbours , and sees them and the local policeman in a new light . In the second , he befriends and tries to help a mentally challenged young man who has taken the name of a famous boxer , Firpo . Firpo wants to run in the Olympic Games and challenges local youths to a race on the beach , which he loses disastrously . Firpo is institutionalised , and the boy 's greater understanding of the world 's injustices is symbolized by the decay of the broom flowers at the site of Firpo 's demolished bach at the end of summer .
Mason took the play 's title from that of a novel the narrator in Thomas Wolfe 's The Web and the Rock had wanted to write ( p 12 ) . It has become a cliche in New Zealand for the end of summer .
The End of the Golden Weather ( 1991 film )
The 1991 film was directed and co-produced by Ian Mune , who also wrote the screenplay with the cooperation of Bruce Mason , although the film was finally made after Mason 's death . The film , 104 minutes long , was made with a budget of $ NZ3 million , and shot on Te Muri Beach , Takapuna beach and Takapuna Grammar School . Helen Martin says that the film keeps to the spirit of the play , although Mune chose to leave out the Depression aspects ( e.g . the 1932 Queen Street riots ) and concentrate on the Geoff and Firpo story .
External links
The End of the Golden Weather at NZonScreen ( with video extracts )
References
New Zealand plays
New Zealand drama films
1991 films
1991 drama films
1960 plays
Bhadrod is a village in Mahuva Taluka of Bhavnagar district , Gujarat , India . It is situated four miles north east of Mahuva and fifty-one miles south-west of Bhavnagar . It is built on the western bank of the Bhadrodi river .
History
Bhadrod is associated with Rukmi , brother of Rukmini . It is a place where he overtook Krishna when he was carrying off that lady , and a battle was fought , in which Rukmi was defeated and taken prisoner , and only released after Krishna had contemptuously caused his moustache and whiskers and the hair of his head shaved off . As Rukmi had solemnly sworn never to return to Kundinapuri unless victorious and unless he should in prison Krishna and bring back his sister Rukmini , he was much perplexed how to act now that he had been not only defeated but disgraced . He finally resolved to reside on the battle-field , and established there a small temple of Mahadev , which he named Bhadreshvar . By degrees a village sprung up , first called Bhadranagar which has by degrees been corrupted into Bhadrod .
When the Valas were forced to leave Talaja by the Muslims in the time of Selait Vala ( about 1544 ) , they retired to Bhadrod and remained here for some time . During their rule , Gundala , between Nikol and Kalsar , was the port of Bhadrod . It is now waste , and there stands only a deserted temple of Hanuman on the old site . This temple is still called the Gandalio Hanuman . The Khasias under Vijo and Misri Khasia conquered Mahuva and Bhadrod in about 1744 from the Valas , and Misri Khasia established himself at Bhadrod , while Vijo Khasia resided at Mahuva . Here the Khasias remained till 1784 , when they were conquered by Thakor Vakhatsinghji of Bhavnagar State . Since then Bhadrod was under Bhavnagar .
When the Valas reigned at Talaja , Bhadrod belonged to them . Uga Vala of this line is a favourite local hero , and is said to have rescued Ra Kavat , the Chudasama king of Junagadh from the confinement of the chief of Shiyal Island .
Four silver coins of the Indo-Greek monarch Apollodotus I were found at Bhadrod and one was found at Dhank , another ancient Vala settlement .
References
Villages in Bhavnagar district
Let 's Learn Japanese is a video-based Japanese language study course for English speakers produced by The Japan Foundation .
The two seasons ( Series I and Series II ) were originally aired on television at a rate of one episode per day , with each episode consisting of two lessons . Text books which complement the series were also available ; these contained vocabulary lists , explanations of grammar , transcriptions of scenes from within the program , and cultural information about Japan . By now , the first book is out of print but the second book is still available from some sources .
Both seasons used a drama called Yan and the Japanese People for instruction . This drama consisted of scenes which focus on the experiences of a young man named Yan ( played by Nick Muhrin ) , a foreigner living and working in Japan .
Let 's Learn Japanese Basic I
Series one of Let 's Learn Japanese was made in 1984 and 1985 . It was presented by Mary Althaus and featured a number of skits , featuring Mine-san ( Yusuke Mine ) , Sugihara-san ( Miki Sugihara ) , and Kaihō-san ( Hiroyuki Kaihō ) , who were designed to help the viewer memorize , and practice the use of , new words and grammatical structures . The series also followed the story of Yan 's new life in Japan working as an architect .
Let 's Learn Japanese Basic II
Series two was created in 1995 10 years after the end of the first seriesand was presented by Tae Umino . The skits were performed by Andō-san ( Seiji Andō ) , Koyanagi-san ( Chinatsu Koyanagi ) and Kodama-san ( Yorinobu Kodama ) . In this series the story of Yan is continued ( based on Episode 14–26 of the original Drama ) , only this time it is much darker and more interesting . Yan 's heart is torn asunder by the young lady he had a crush on in series one , and he goes to Niigata to drown his sorrows in the wild winter Sea of Japan .
Other series
NHK Let 's Learn Japanese Series
There was also another Japanese language study series named NHK Japanese : how to survive in Japan ? which was produced by the Japanese TV Network NHK in 1989 . This 40-part series was about David Roberts ( ostensibly an American but speaks with an Australian accent ) who went to Japan for work . He was assisted by a beautiful girl named Yuko Goto , and in later episodes they are joined by David 's wife , Cathy Roberts . David was going to introduce to Japan American culture and food with the American Train .
Erin 's Challenge ! I can speak Japanese
A fresh start to the Japan Foundation program was the third series , `` Erin 's Challenge ! I can speak Japanese '' , which aired first in spring 2007 and is also available on DVD and in the form of an interactive website . As it is especially designed for young people it features skits about Senior High School Students which are explained by computer animated figures . The main character Erin is learning Japanese with the help of the teacher Honigon and a small robot called N21-J . Besides the regular skits and explanations , there is also more information about Japan , its students and people around the world who are learning Japanese , too .
Episode list
Let 's Learn Japanese Basic I
Let 's Learn Japanese Basic II
External links
Homepage ( English ) for `` Erin 's Challenge ! I can speak Japanese ''
USN-Page about LLJ ; especially interesting for people who want to order the second book
Homepage of the Japan Foundation , with further information about these and other series & books
JLPT Matome – All level JLPT Vocabulary , grammar , kanji . Podcasts are also available .
References
Japanese language learning resources
Educational television series
Abdullahi Garba Aminchi ( born 11 March 1954 ) in Funtua LGA , Katsina State , Nigeria , was the deputy governor of the short lived NRC government led by Alhaji Saidu Barda from 1992 to 1993 . He was the deputy to the then Governor Umaru Musa Yar'Adua in 2003 . He also held the position of Ambassador to Saudi Arabia and Oman during the Umaru Musa Yar'adua presidential regime from 2007 .
Early life and education
Abdullahi Garba was born on 11 March 1954 in Funtua LGA , Katsina . He studied engineering at Kaduna Polytechnic . He later received a diploma in legal studies from the Bayero University Kano .
Career
Abdullahi Garba left the engineering field to join politics . He started as a party secretary , then councilor to chairman and later deputy governor to Saidu Barda in 1992 and in 2003 to Umaru Musa Yar'Adua . After governor Umaru Musa Yar'Adua contested for the presidency and won in 2007 , Garba was made Nigeria 's ambassador to Saudi Arabia and Oman .
References
People from Katsina
1954 births
Living people
Diederic van Assenede was a 13th-century poet who worked as a clerk of the Count of Flanders . He was the author of a Middle Dutch version of the story of Floris and Blancheflour .
References
13th-century poets
Middle Dutch writers
People from Assenede
13th-century people from the county of Flanders
The Latvian Rugby Federation ( ) is the governing body for rugby in Latvia . It oversees the various national teams and the development of the sport .
The federation was founded in 1991 , although its origins go back to 1960 , when Latvia was under Soviet occupation . The federation was admitted to FIRA in 1992 .
Leadership
See also
Rugby union in Latvia
Latvia national rugby union team
Latvia national rugby sevens team
External links
Latvian Rugby Federation
Latvia at World Rugby
Rugby union in Latvia
Rugby
Rugby union governing bodies in Europe
Matthew Ishaya Audu ( born 1959 in Rafin Pa ) is a Nigerian prelate of the Catholic Church who has served as Archbishop of Jos since 2020 . He was appointed Bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Lafia in 2000 . He was appointed archbishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Jos in 2020 .
Early life and education
Audu was born in 1959 . He attended St. James Minor Seminary in Keffi , then completed his philosophical and theological studies at the St Augustine Major Seminary in Jos .
Career in the Catholic church
Audu was ordained a Catholic priest of Makurdi diocese in June , 1984 . He served as assistant parish priest in Keffi ( 1984–86 ) ; assistant parish priest in Lafia ( 1986–88 ) ; parish priest of Nasarawa ( 1988–89 ) ; studies Moral Theology in Rome at the Institute of Moral Theology of the Pontifical Lateran University , Licentiate ( 1989–91 ) ; and Professor of Moral Theology and Vice-Rector of the Major Seminary of St Thomas Aquinas , Makurdi ( 1992–97 ) . He studied for his Degree in Moral Theology at the Alfonsianum in Rome ( 1997–99 ) . From June to December 2000 , he was Acting Rector of the Major Seminary of St Thomas Aquinas , Makurdi . On 5 December 2000 , Pope John Paul II appointed him , bishop elect of the newly created Lafia diocese . On 31 March 2001 , he was ordained as bishop of Lafia . On 6 January 2020 , Pope Francis appointed him as archbishop of Jos , succeeding Ignatius Kaigama .
References
1959 births
Nigerian Roman Catholic bishops
Roman Catholic archbishops of Jos
Living people
Roman Catholic bishops of Lafia
The 2000 Cork Junior A Hurling Championship was the 103rd staging of the Cork Junior A Hurling Championship since its establishment by the Cork County Board in 1895 . The championship began on 7 October 2000 and ended on 12 November 2000 .
On 12 November 2000 , Nemo Rangers won the championship following a 2-8 to 1-10 defeat of Ballinhassig in the final . This was their first championship title in the grade .
Nemo 's Mark Cotter was the championship 's top scorer with 1-14 .
Qualification
Results
Quarter-finals
Ballinhassig received a bye to the semi-final stage .
Semi-finals
Final
Championship statistics
Top scorers
Overall
In a single game
References
Cork Junior Hurling Championship
Cork Junior Hurling Championship
Diplopterys cabrerana is a shrub native to the Amazon Basin , spanning the countries of Brazil , Colombia , Ecuador and Peru . In the Quechua languages it is called chaliponga or chagropanga ; in parts of Ecuador it is known as chacruna—a name otherwise reserved for Psychotria viridis .
D. cabrerana and P. viridis are both common admixtures for ayahuasca . Both species are rich sources of N , N-DMT , a tryptamine thought to be endogenous in humans and many other species . D. cabrerana additionally produces 5-MeO-DMT , a less common structural analog .
The plant stores the alkaloids N , N-DMT , 5-MeO-n , n-DMT , and N-methyltetrahydro-beta-carboline in its leaves and stems . Leaf samples were found to be 0.17-1.75 % N , N-DMT , but only trace amounts of N-methyltetrahydro-beta-carboline occur in the leaves . The leaves also store methyltryptamine and trace amounts of bufotenin .
Cuttings of D. cabrerana are transplantable . The cuttings are either planted in soil directly , or rooted first in water .
See also
Psychedelic plants
References
External links
The genus Diplopterys Ayahuasca : alkaloids , plants & analogs
A General Introduction to Ayahuasca
Diplopterys cabrerana fruit
and , herbarium specimens with fruits
University of Michigan Herbarium - Diplopterys cabrerana June 2014
Ayahuasca
Entheogens
Flora of the Amazon
Herbal and fungal hallucinogens
Malpighiaceae
Psychedelic tryptamine carriers
Vines
Dzhrashen may refer to :
Jrashen ( disambiguation ) , multiple places in Armenia
Verin Dzhrashen , Armenia
`` Dream Away '' is a song recorded by American singer Babyface and English singer Lisa Stansfield for the 1994 soundtrack to the animated film , The Pagemaster . It was written by Diane Warren and produced by David Foster .
`` Dream Away '' was released as a single in the United States on November 7 , 1994 and reached number nine on the Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles and number eighty on the Hot R & B/Hip-Hop Songs . `` Dream Away '' was also issued in selected European countries and Australia , and on January 21 , 1995 , it was released in Japan . The song was remixed by Dave Way , Paul Waller and Ollie Marland . The music video , directed by Randee St. Nicholas , featured Babyface , Stansfield and fragments from the film . In 2003 , `` Dream Away '' was included on the remastered edition of Stansfield 's album , So Natural .
Critical reception
The song received positive reviews from music critics . Larry Flick from Billboard wrote , `` Is it possible to conceive a more inspired duet ? Babyface and Stansfield 's creamy voices are a perfect match , lending dimension to an otherwise familiar slice of pop romance from the soundtrack to `` The Pagemaster '' . Track 's ballad setting is coated with slick strings and sugary synths that build to a fine climax . '' Pan-European magazine Music & Media deemed it as a `` definition of M.O.R.-type of ballad out of Diane Warren 's big songbook . '' James Hunter from Vibe noted that `` the super-engaging Babyface and Lisa Stansfield outdo most big-time duos '' on `` Dream Away '' , `` singing the praises of the imagination . ''
Track listings
Australian/Japanese CD single
`` Dream Away '' ( Single Version ) – 4:35
`` Dream Away '' ( Acoustic Mix ) – 4:38
European CD single
`` Dream Away '' ( Single Version ) – 4:35
`` Dream Away '' ( Waller and Marland Remix ) – 4:51
`` Marvellous & Mine '' ( Sure Is Pure 12 '' Edit ) – 8:28
US CD single
`` Dream Away '' ( Single Version ) – 4:35
`` Dream Away '' ( R & B Remix ) – 4:39
`` Dream Away '' ( Acoustic Mix ) – 4:38
Charts
References
Babyface ( musician ) songs
Lisa Stansfield songs
1994 singles
Songs written by Diane Warren
Song recordings produced by David Foster
Songs written for animated films
20th Century Fox Records singles
1994 songs
Male–female vocal duets
1990s ballads
Music videos directed by Randee St. Nicholas
Act of Love ( French title : Un acte d'amour ) is a 1953 American romantic drama film directed by Anatole Litvak , starring Kirk Douglas and Dany Robin . It is based on the 1949 novel The Girl on the Via Flaminia by Alfred Hayes . A Parisian falls in love with an American soldier near the end of World War II .
Plot
Robert Teller ( Kirk Douglas ) visits a seaport in the south of France in the early 1950s . He reflects back to his time in the army shortly after Paris has been liberated .
Years earlier , to get away from the barracks and the other soldiers , Robert rents a room in a hotel-restaurant . Lise Guidayec ( Dany Robin ) , an orphan without money or identity papers , seeks a way to escape from the authorities . She asks Robert to pass her off as his wife . Even though he does not inspire trust , she starts to fall in love . Lise tells of the time she was the most happy and secure—living in a little seaside village .
When a black market dragnet lands Lise in jail , she is humiliated because now she ( like Jean Valjean ) is branded a `` criminal for life '' . By this time , Robert loves her deeply and is willing to marry her . In order to do so , Robert must obtain the approval of his commanding officer , who refuses because the captain thinks he knows what is best for his men . Robert is transferred away from Paris immediately . He deserts , but is arrested , causing him to miss his wedding to Lise .
His thoughts returning to the present , Robert runs into his old captain ( who had been trying to place Robert 's face ) . He hears the captain tell his wife what a troublemaker Robert was back then and how he `` rescued '' Robert from the clutches of a French girl . Robert then reveals that Lise committed suicide by drowning in the river shortly after he was transferred .
Cast
Kirk Douglas as Robert Teller
Dany Robin as Lise Gudayec / Madame Teller
Gabrielle Dorziat as Adèle Lacaud
Barbara Laage as Nina
Fernand Ledoux as Fernand Lacaud
Robert Strauss as S/Sgt . Johnny Blackwood
Marthe Mercadier as La fille de la terrasse / Young woman
George Mathews as Captain Henderson
Richard Benedict as Pete ( GI who is rolled for his money )
Leslie Dwyer as Le sergent anglais / English sergeant
Sydney Chaplin as Un soldat / Soldier
Brigitte Bardot as Mimi
Nedd Willard
Serge Reggiani as Claude Lacaud
References
External links
1953 romantic drama films
1953 films
American romantic drama films
French romantic drama films
Films directed by Anatole Litvak
American black-and-white films
French black-and-white films
Films based on British novels
Films based on romance novels
Films set in 1945
Films set in 1946
Films set in France
Films with screenplays by Irwin Shaw
United Artists films
English-language French films
American World War II films
French World War II films
1950s American films
1950s French films
Binbirkilise ( literally : A Thousand and One Churches ) is a region in the antique Lycaonia , in modern Karaman Province of Turkey , known for its around fifty Byzantine church ruins .
The region is located on the northern slopes of the volcano Karadağ , around north of the province capital city of Karaman . The church ruins are situated in and around the settlements Madenşehri , Üçkuyu and Değle .
Buildings
The region was a cultural center of the Byzantine Christians in the era between the 3rd and 8th century . There are remains of churches , monasteries , cisterns , fortifications and habitations that are integrated in the villages . The stone materials were re-used in the today 's buildings that caused continuous diminishing of the historical inventory .
From the architecture historical viewpoint , the several domed basilicas of Syriac Orthodox type are interesting . The walls were built of large cut stone blocks . Due to lack of wood in the region , the buildings were topped with stone domed roofs instead of flat wooden roofs . Over the aisles , matronea were constructed behind the upper column row . In apses , there were double clerestory windows . The narthexes have mostly double arcades and are supported by a single column in the center . In some churches , primarily in Madenşehri , remains of murals can be seen . Also rare relicts from the Hittites , Roman and Hellenistic period are found in the surroundings .
History of research work
In 1904 , Carl Holzmann ( 1849–1914 ) published his Archäologische Skizzen ( ) about Binbirkilise . Shortly after , the region was described by British traveller and archaeologist Gertrude Bell ( 1868–1926 ) , who explored the region in 1905 during her trip through Asia Minor . She published her observations in a series of articles in the Revue Archéologique . During this trip , she met in Konya Scottish archaeologist William Mitchell Ramsay ( 1851–1939 ) . The two decided to conduct excavations in Binbirkilise that took place in 1907 . The results were published along with many photos in their book The Thousand and One Churches .
When Bell returned to the site two years later , she found that a large part of the documented buildings had disappeared as a result of robbery for cut stone . Today , the state of destruction is much advanced as can be seen in comparison with Bell 's photos . Turkish art historian Semavi Eyice examined the region and published the result of his research in 1971 .
Gallery
Bibliography
Carl Holzmann ( 1904 ) . Binbirkilise : Archäologische Skizzen aus Anatolien : ein Beitrag zur Kunstgeschichte des christlichen Kirchenbaues , Verlag Von Boysen & Maasch
William Mitchell Ramsay ( 2008 ) . Gertrude Lowthian Bell , Robert G. Ousterhout : The Thousand and One Churches , University of Pennsylvania Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology ,
Semavi Eyice ( 1971 ) . Recherches archéologiques à Karadağ ( Binbirkilise ) et dans la région de Karaman . Doğan Kardeş
References
Byzantine church buildings in Turkey
Ruined churches in Turkey
Byzantine sites in Anatolia
Karaman Central District
Former populated places in Turkey
Lycaonia
Archaeological sites in Central Anatolia
Laucysteinamide A ( LcA ) is a marine natural product isolated from a cyanobacterium , Caldora penicillata .
It is structurally related to other marine cyanobacterial metabolites such as somocystinamide A and curacin A , which have inspired extensive investigations into their use as a lead for anticancer therapies . Its biological activity profile has not been fully evaluated due to decomposition of the natural sample . However , it has shown moderate cytotoxicity against H460 human lung cancer cells .
In order to examine the possibility that LcA 's true bioactivity was diminished by solubility issues , Taylor et al . chemically synthesized LcA . This synthetic sample was incorporated into an emulsifier PEG400 and tested for its cytotoxicity against H460 cells . This sample did not show any more activity than the natural sample , implying that LcA only has moderate cytotoxicity . In addition , simple enamide analogs showed no activity . This work implies that the exceptional antiproliferative activity of somocystinamide A arises from the dimeric nature of its structure and not from the enamide moiety .
See also
Caldoramide
References
Natural products
Thiazolines
This List of leading goalscorers for the Algeria national football team contains football players who have played for the Algeria national team and is listed according to their number of goals scored . The Algeria national football team ( ) represents the nation of Algeria in international football . It is fielded by the Algerian Football Federation ( ) and competes as a member of Confederation of African Football .
Players
Goals and appearances are composed of FIFA World Cup and Africa Cup of Nations matches and each competition 's required qualification matches , as well as numerous international friendly tournaments and matches . Players marked in bold are still active and eligible ( meaning they have not retired ) to play for the national team .
Statistics correct as of game against Ghana on 5 June 2022 .
Position key :
GK – Goalkeeper ;
DF – Defender ;
MF – Midfielder ;
FW – Forward
See also
List of Algeria international footballers
References
External links
web.archive.org
Oventje ( translated : little oven ) is a small village in the Dutch province of North Brabant . The village is situated in the former municipality of Landerd . Oventje had 490 inhabitants in 2008 . Since 2022 it has been part of the new municipality of Maashorst .
Oventje has a small primary school , which has been founded in 1928 .
Oventje has a corn windmill , named Sint Victor , a heritage monument .
In 1925 , Oventje was hit by a cyclone . A lamp post distorted by the cyclone , now a heritage monument , remembers that event .
Sources
nl : Oventje on plaatsengids , the dutch guide of localities
Populated places in North Brabant
Geography of Maashorst
The 2007 Division 1 was contested by 28 teams divided into two groups geographically . Assyriska FF and Qviding FIF won their respective groups , and were thereby promoted to Superettan for the 2008 season . Second place teams FC Väsby United and Ängelholms FF were also promoted after having each won their playoffs against teams from Superettan .
League tables
North
South
Young Player Teams of the Year
At the end of each Division 1 season an all-star game is played called `` Morgondagens Stjärnor '' ( English : `` The Stars Of Tomorrow '' ) . The two teams playing against each other consist of the best young players from each of the two leagues .
References
Sweden - List of final tables ( Clas Glenning )
Swedish Football Division 1 seasons
3
Sweden
Sweden
Ciğir is a village in the District of Kazan , Ankara Province , Turkey .
References
Villages in Kahramankazan District
Charles Elwood Mendenhall ( August 1 , 1872 – August 18 , 1935 ) was an American physicist and professor at the University of Wisconsin–Madison .
Early life
Charles Elwood Mendenhall was born on August 1 , 1872 , in Columbus , Ohio . He was the son of Susan Allen ( née Marple ) and Thomas Corwin Mendenhall . At the age of six to nine , he lived in Japan while his father taught at the University of Tokyo . There he became friends with John Morse , son of Edward S. Morse .
He received a Bachelor of Arts in 1894 from Rose Polytechnic in Terra Haute , Indiana . Starting in 1895 , he studied under Henry Rowland at Johns Hopkins University and received a PhD in 1898 . Under Rowland , he worked with Charles Greeley Abbot , head of the Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory , and fellow student Frederick A. Saunders , a fellow PhD candidate , on a black-body radiation problem for his thesis .
Career
After graduation from Rose Polytechnic in 1894 , Mendenhall worked with George Putnam to make a transcontinental survey of the acceleration of gravity for the U.S. National Geodetic Survey and taught physics for a year at the University of Pennsylvania . From 1898 to 1901 , he taught at Williams College . In 1901 , he succeeded fellow Hopkins graduate Robert W. Wood as assistant professor at the University of Wisconsin–Madison . He became a full professor in 1905 .
He worked on a 1909 U.S. Mint assay and performed research at the Nela Laboratory in Cleveland in 1913 . He is known for inventing the V-wedge method in 1911 . In 1917 , Mendenhall was made a Major of the Science and Research Division of the U.S. Army Signal Corps . He worked closely with his friend Robert Andrews Millikan at the Signal Corps . After World War I in 1919 , he transferred to the U.S. Department of State , succeeding Henry A. Bumstead . He served for six months as the scientific attaché at the U.S. Embassy in London . He was chairman of the physical science division of the National Research Council in 1919 and 1920 .
Later career
He became the department chair at the University of Wisconsin in 1926 . In his time at the University of Wisconsin , he had 35 doctoral students , including Nobel Prize winner John Hasbrouck Van Vleck and Leland John Haworth . He remained professor until his death in 1935 .
He was the vice president of The Optical Society in 1921 and the president of the American Physical Society from 1923 to 1925 . He was the vice president of the American Association for the Advancement of Science in 1929 .
Personal life
Mendenhall married Dorothy M. Reed of Talcottville , New York on February 14 , 1906 . They met as students at Johns Hopkins . Together , they had four children , including Margaret , who died shortly after birth , Thomas Corwin Mendenhall and John Talcott Mendenhall .
He played the violin and was active in musical circles for much of his life .
Death
Mendenhall died at a hospital in Madison , Wisconsin on August 18 , 1935 .
Awards and legacy
In 1935 , he was appointed fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences .
The Charles Elwood Mendenhall Fellowship is an award given to graduate students working in experimental physics at the University of Wisconsin–Madison .
References
1872 births
1935 deaths
People from Columbus , Ohio
Rose–Hulman Institute of Technology alumni
Johns Hopkins University alumni
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey personnel
20th-century American physicists
Optical physicists
University of Pennsylvania faculty
Williams College faculty
University of Wisconsin–Madison faculty
United States Army personnel of World War I
American Association for the Advancement of Science
Fellows of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences
Line 23 is an under construction Shanghai Metro line that would run from in Xuhui District to in Minhang District . Its It is planned to be in length , and is planned to have 22 stations . The line was announced by the Shanghai municipal government in 2016 . It will adopt unmanned driving ( GoA4 ) .
The line will not utilise the existing branch Line 5 service between and stations , with the line planned to be fully underground . Once complete , it will feature interchange stations with Lines 3 , 4 , 5 , 15 , and 19 . The construction period of this project is expected to be 74 months .
History
Stations
Service routes
References
Shanghai Metro lines
Proposed buildings and structures in Shanghai
Shanghai
Rav Shmuel bar Yehudah ( Hebrew : רב שמואל בר יהודה ) was a Babylonian amora of the third generation .
Biography
He was born to a family of converts , and studied under Rabbi Judah bar Ezekiel in Babylonia . Judah said of him that he relied on Shmuel for all matters .
He eventually traveled to the land of Israel to study under Rabbi Yochanan and Rabbi Eleazar in Tiberias , after which he returned to Babylonia , bringing many teachings of the Amoraim of Israel to Babylonia , particularly those of Rabbi Yochanan . It is mentioned that he also learnt from Rabbi Zeira and Samuel bar Isaac , and in the name of Abba . The Amora Abaye also learned matters of Halachah with him .
His daughter died in his lifetime , and the sages , including Ulla came to console him .
References
Talmud rabbis
Year of death unknown
Year of birth unknown
The South Siberian Mountains ( ) are one of the largest mountain systems of the Russian Federation . The total area of the system of mountain ranges is more than 1.5 million km² . The South Siberian Mountains are located in the Siberian and Far Eastern Federal Districts of Russia , as well as partly in Mongolia . The territory of the mountain system is one of the Great Russian Regions .
Geography
The system is composed of a number of ranges aligned in an east–west direction stretching for almost . Part of them are near the border with Mongolia and China , while others rise further north .
To the south Siberian ranges merge with the Mongolian and Chinese mountain chains and plateaus . In the west lies the Dzungarian Basin and to the east the Mongolian Plateau . To the north the South Siberian Mountains merge with the West Siberian Lowland and the Central Siberian Plateau , both on the Russian side . To the southeast the Baikal Range is separated from the Eastern Sayan by the Baikal Rift Zone and the Tunkin Depression . To the northeast of its eastern end the South Siberian mountain system merges with the East Siberian Mountains .
Geologically the mountains of the system underwent a process of rejuvenation during the Alpine orogeny . Earthquakes are common all across the area of the system .
Owing to the mountainous terrain , large swathes of the South Siberian system are uninhabited . The main cities of the vast region are , from west to east : Krasnoyarsk , Angarsk , Irkutsk , Ulan-Ude and Chita .
Ranges
Altai Mountains
Saylyugem Mountains
Chuya Belki
Kuray Mountains
Salair Ridge
Kuznetsk Alatau
Koshkulak ( mountain range )
Kharatas ridge
Sunduki mountain range
Sayan Mountains ( Western and Eastern )
Ergaki
Kitoy Range
Kropotkin Range ( Eastern Sayan )
Tannu Ola
Baikal Range
Khamar Daban
Ulan-Burgas
Barguzin Range
Yablonoi Mountains
Chersky Range ( Transbaikalia )
Olyokma-Stanovik
Khentei-Daur Highlands
Khentei Range
Chikokon Range
Stanovik Range
Ikat Range
Vitim Plateau
Bolshoy Khapton
Selenga Highlands
Stanovoy Highlands
Kalar Range
Udokan Range
Kodar Range
Delyun-Uran Range
Northern Muya Range
Southern Muya Range
North Baikal Highlands
Akitkan Range
Synnyr Massif
Upper Angara Range
Patom Highlands
Kropotkin Range
Olyokma-Chara Plateau
Aldan Highlands
Sunnagyn Range
Stanovoy Range
Toko-Stanovik
Primorsky Range
Hydrography
Some of the main rivers of Siberia have their origin in the South Siberian mountain system , such as the Lena , Irtysh , the Yenisei and the Ob River . Other rivers of the area are the Argun , Tom , Shilka , Selenga , Katun and the Biya River . The great Lake Baikal is the most well-known lake of the region . Other much smaller lakes are Lake Teletskoye , Lake Markakol , Lake Todzha ( Azas ) , Baunt and Noyon-Khol .
See also
Golets ( geography )
List of ecoregions in Russia
References
Jalan Lanchang , Federal Route 236 ( formerly Pahang State Route C118 ) , is a federal road in Pahang , Malaysia . It is also a main route to East Coast Expressway via Lanchang Interchange .
Features
At most sections , the Federal Route 236 was built under the JKR R5 road standard , allowing maximum speed limit of up to 90 km/h .
List of junctions
References
Malaysian Federal Roads
Roads in Pahang
Ilimpiyskiy District ( ) was a former district ( raion ) of the former Evenk Autonomous Okrug which was merged into Krasnoyarsk Krai on 1 January 2007 .
Location
Ilimpiyskiy district was located in the north of the Evenk Autonomous Okrug . The total area of the district was 497,600 km2 , roughly twice the size of Great Britain . Around one third of the district 's territory lay to the north of the Arctic Circle . The administrative centre of the district , as well as of the former Evenk AO , was the town of Tura .
Ilimpiyskiy district shared borders with ( clockwise from the north ) : Dudinsky and Khatangsky districts of Taymyr Autonomous Okrug , Olenyoksky and Mirninsky districts of the Republic of Sakha-Yakutia , Katangsky district of Irkutsk Oblast , Tungussko-Chunsky and Baykitsky districts within Evenk AO , and Turukhansky munincipal district of Krasnoyarsk Krai .
Geography
Due to Ilimpiyskiy district 's vast expanses with around a third of its territory to the north of the Arctic Circle , the winter months can cause temperatures in the former district ( including in Tura ) to fall dramatically and reach temperatures as low as -60 °C .
The district contained the geographical center of Russia , located at Lake Vivi . It is marked by a 7-metre-tall monument which was created in August 1992 .
History
Ilimpiyskiy district was founded , along with Baykitsky and Tungussko-Chunsky districts , on 3 August 1927 , three years before Evenk AO was created . Upon the merger of Evenk AO and Krasnoyarsk Krai on 1 January 2007 , Ilimpiyskiy district was abolished and now forms the northern area of Evenkiyskiy District .
Demographics
Settlements
The district contained 10 settlements , 1 of which is abandoned ( postal codes in brackets ) :
The town of Tura ( 648000 ) - population 5,506
The village of Yessey ( 648594 ) - population 625
The village of Kislokan ( 648590 ) - population 104
The village of Nidym ( 648571 ) - population 192
The village of Tutonchany ( 648581 ) - population 223
The village of Uchami ( 648580 ) - population 104
The village of Chirinda ( 648593 ) - population 194
The village of Ekonda ( 648592 ) - population 273
The village of Yukta ( 648591 ) - population 89
The village of Noginsk - abandoned since 16 February 2006
Population
The population of the town and 8 other inhabited settlements of the former district ( since 1939 ) were :
1939 : 2,646
1959 : 5,248
1970 : 7,272
1979 : 8,697
1989 : 11,124
2002 : 8,173
2010 : 7,487
References
Districts of Krasnoyarsk Krai
Evenk Autonomous Okrug
States and territories established in 1927
Yao Yizhong ( 280–352 ) , posthumously honored as Emperor Jingyuan , was a Qiang military general of the Later Zhao dynasty during the Sixteen Kingdoms period . Starting out as an independent warlord during the Disaster of Yongjia , Yizhong soon found himself as a general of Later Zhao in 329 , where he became a favorite of the state 's third ruler , Shi Hu . As Later Zhao began to fall apart in 350 , Yao Yizhong sided with Shi Zhi against Ran Min 's growing state , becoming Shi Zhi 's top commander . However , Yizhong was ultimately unable to prevent the state 's destruction following Shi Zhi 's assassination in 351 . After Yizhong 's death in 352 , his fifth son Yao Xiang led his family to formally join Jin before becoming a contending warlord in the Central Plains . His twenty-fourth son , Yao Chang , would go on to establish the Later Qin dynasty in 384 .
Early life
Ancestors and background
Yao Yizhong was a Qiang chieftain from Chiting county , Nan'an commandary ( 赤亭 , 南安郡 ; southeast of present-day Longxi County , Gansu ) . His family claimed to be descendants of Yu the Great and had a long conflicting history with the Han dynasty . His ancestor , Tianyu ( 填虞 ) harassed the western regions during the time of Emperor Guangwu of Han 's reign between 57 to 58 AD but was eventually driven out by the general Ma Wu . Yizhong 's great-great-great-grandfather was Qianna ( 遷那 ) , who submitted to Han and moved in to what became Yizhong 's birthplace . Yizhong 's father Yao Kehui ( 姚柯回 ) served Cao Wei during the Three Kingdoms period as General Who Conquers The West , Colonel Who Organizes The Rong and Protector of the Western Qiang . In his youth , Yizhong was characterised as dutiful and well-respected all around .
Disaster of Yongjia
In 312 , a year after the Disaster of Yongjia , Yao Yizhong moved to Yumei ( 榆眉 ; east of present-day Qianyang County , Shaanxi ) and set his base , where he opened himself to provide shelter to refugees from the east . He attracted thousands of both tribal and Han refugees wishing to escape the chaos . Soon , he proclaimed himself as Inspector of Yongzhou and Colonel Who Protects the Qiang .
Submission to Han Zhao
After the emperor of Han Zhao , Liu Yao defeated the rebel Chen An in 323 , Liu decided to formally appoint Yao Yizhong , who had previously been independent , as General Who Pacifies the West and Duke of Pingxiang . Yizhong did not do anything of note during this period , and in 329 , after Han Zhao was conquered by its rival state , Later Zhao , Yizhong submitted to the Later Zhao general Shi Hu . Yizhong advised Shi Hu to relocate the strong and influential families of Longshang ( 隴上 ; north of present-day Shaanxi and west of present-day Gansu ) to the region surrounding their capital , Xiangguo . This , according to Yizhong , would keep the families in check while also strengthening the capital . Shi Hu considered his suggestion and persuaded his uncle , Zhao 's ruler , Shi Le , to award Yizhong with the offices of General Who Maintains The West and Commander of the Left of the Six Tribes .
Service under Later Zhao
Shi Le 's reign
In 330 , the Jin rebel Zu Yue involved in Su Jun 's rebellion fled to Later Zhao , seeking their protection . Shi Le entertained him initially but deep down he was not fond of Zu Yue , and even his close advisor Cheng Xia urged him to execute him and his family , believing that they could not be trusted . Yao Yizhong supported Cheng Xia 's idea , sending Shi Le a memorial that states , `` Zu Yue was a rebellious thief in Jin who drove the Empress Dowager to death and was not loyal to his lord . Yet , Your Majesty continues to spoil him , and your ministers fear this will sprout into chaos . This is simply the beginning . '' Shi Le took their advice and executed Zu Yue along with his family .
Shi Hu 's reign
Shi Le died in 333 , leaving the throne to his son Shi Hong . However , not long after Shi Le 's death , Shi Hu seized the government in a coup and made Shi Hong a puppet emperor . Shi Hu acted out Yizhong 's early suggestion of moving the powerful families of Longsheng to the capital region and appointed Yizhong Grand Commander of the Western Qiang , relocating him and thousands of families from the west to Shetou ( 灄頭 ; southeast of present-day Zaoqiang County , Hebei ) , Qinghe commandary .
The following year , Shi Hu killed Shi Hong and declared himself `` Regent Heavenly Prince '' . Yizhong was not pleased with what had happened , so he feigned illness to avoid needing to congratulate Shi Hu . He was eventually forced to in the end , and when the two finally met , Yizhong sternly criticised his ruler for what he had done . Shi Hu defended himself by saying that Shi Hong was too young for a ruler and would not be able to handle affairs . Yizhong was not satisfied with Shi Hu 's answer , but at the same time , Shi Hu did not dare to punish Yizhong . Eventually , however , Yizhong came to accept Shi Hong 's fate .
In 338 , he served as the Champion General during the Later Zhao and Former Yan joint attack on the Duan tribe . In the assault , he and Zhi Xiong led 70,000 troops and headed the vanguard in attacking Duan Liao ( 段遼 ) . Though the Duan were defeated , the campaign escalated into a war between Zhao and Yan after Shi Hu suspected Yan of betraying the alliance , although Yizhong 's involvement in this is not recorded . In 345 , he was made Credential Bearer and Grand Champion General and given command over ten commanderies and the Six Tribes .
Yizhong stood out in Shi Hu court for being both humble yet very blunt with his words , his most notable habit being that he referred to everyone , including Shi Hu , as `` you ( 汝 ; rǔ ) '' rather than their respective titles when talking to them . Shi Hu greatly valued him and put aside any judgement when it comes to him . On major discussions , Shi Hu always gave Yizhong the final say on what was to be carried out , and the ministers all feared him because of this . Despite Shi Hu 's flattery , Yizhong remained stern and strict when it comes to the law . On one occasion , the brother of Shi Hu 's favorite concubine , Zuo Wei ( 左尉 ) , trespassed into his camp and harassed the soldiers . Yizhong eventually caught him and , despite Zuo Wei 's relations , was set to have him executed for his crimes . Zuo Wei was said to have kowtowed relentlessly until his head began to bleed . Yizhong 's subordinate urged him to let him off , and so Yizhong did .
Liang Du 's Rebellion
In 349 , Shi Hu had chosen Shi Shi as his new heir and declared himself Heavenly Prince , but a crisis struck Zhao when Shi Hu was granting out amnesty . He had left out the guards of one of his sons , Shi Xuan ( 石宣 ) , who were exiled to Liaodong after Xuan was executed for attempting to assassinate his father . The guards rallied under their captain Liang Du ( 梁犢 ) and marched south to capture Luoyang , defeating many generals in their way . The rebels ' victories shocked Shi Hu so much that he was driven to illness .
As the rebels approached Luoyang , Shi Hu ordered his son , Shi Bin to quell the rebellion together with Yizhong and Pu Hong . Before leaving to face them , Yizhong visited the capital to personally meet with Shi Hu . As Hu was sick , he refused to come out and instead had Yizhong treated with food at the royal table . Yizhong was furious by this and demanded Shi Hu to meet him at once . After Hu finally came out to see him , Yizhong scolded Shi Hu and said :
Shi Hu immediately made Yizhong Commissioner Bearing Credentials , Palace Attendant , and General Who Conquers The West and gifted him an armoured horse without formality or ceremony as Yizhong disliked them . Before embarking , he said to Shi Hu , `` Observe , do you think this Old Qiang will smash these rebels ? '' He wore his armour and mounted the steed that Shi Hu had given to him before leaving without any further say . Yizhong joined the Grand Commander Shi Bin ( 石斌 ) at Xingyang . Yizhong took Liang Du 's head and destroyed the remaining rebel forces . With the rebellion crushed , Shi Hu awarded Yizhong with the title Duke of Xiping commandary .
Shi Hu 's death and war with Ran Min
Shi Shi and Shi Zun 's reigns
Despite the rebellion 's demise , Shi Hu 's body had taken a toll on him and he would die shortly after in 349 . He was succeeded by his preteen son Shi Shi as expected but many including Yao Yizhong were angry that actual power was held by Empress Dowager Liu and the Prime Minister Zhang Chai in the court . This was made worse when Liu and Zhang sent an army to kill the Minister of Works , Li Nong . While returning from their campaign against Liang Du , Yizhong and other prominent generals such as Pu Hong and Shi Min conspired with Shi Shi 's half-brother , Shi Zun at Licheng ( 李城 ; in present-day Wen County , Henan ) to overthrow the three . Later , Shi Zun took the capital and executed Shi Shi , the Empress Dowager and Zhang Chai along with their followers , proclaiming himself as the new emperor .
Shi Zun did not last a year however , as he was executed following a coup by Shi Min , the adopted Han Chinese grandson of Shi Hu , who had found out of Zun 's plans to kill him . Shi Min and his ally Li Nong installed Zun 's brother Shi Jian as the new emperor , but power was virtually held by the duo . Shi Jian 's brother , Shi Zhi , who was positioned in Xiangguo ( 襄國 , in modern Xingtai , Hebei ) called for a coalition against Shi Min and Li Nong . Many accepted it including Yizhong , who rose in Shetou .
Wei-Jie War
The following year , Yao Yizhong camped at Hunqiao ( 混橋 ) to campaign against Shi Min ( now named Ran Min ) . His sons Yao Yi ( 姚益 ) and Yao Ruo ( 姚若 ) managed to escape Yecheng and joined their father . Yizhong and the Di general Pu Hong both wanted the strategic position of Guanyou ( 關右 , west of present-day Tongguan county , Shaanxi ) . Yizhong sent his son fifth son , Yao Xiang to capture it but Pu Hong routed him and occupied the area . Meanwhile , Shi Zhi formally declared himself as emperor after Shi Jian was killed by Ran Min , and Yizhong was appointed as his Prime Minister of the Right . Meanwhile , Yizhong chose Yao Xiang as his heir due to the popular support that Xiang was receiving .
Ran Min eventually besieged Xiangguo , and Shi Zhi desperately called Yizhong for help . Yizhong sent Yao Xiang to lift the siege , but not before asking him to swear that he would capture Ran Min , and contacted the state of Former Yan to send reinforcements . Former Yan sent Yue Wan and together with Yao Xiang and Shi Kun ( 石琨 ) , they attacked Ran Min from three sides , dealing him a major defeat . However , Ran Min managed to escape , and after Yao Xiang 's return , Yizhong had him flogged for not fulfilling his promise .
Shi Zhi and his ministers were later assassinated by a defector named Liu Xian ( 劉顯 ) , allowing Ran Min to occupy the city . With the emperor dead , Yao Yizhong decided to submit to the Jin dynasty . Jin received his surrender and appointed him Grand Chanyu .
Death
In 352 , Yao Yizhong grew deathly ill . He advised his sons to serve the Jin dynasty , as the Shi clan with the recent deaths of its last members under Shi Kun was no more . Yizhong died shortly after at the age of 72 and was succeeded by Yao Xiang , who marched with his followers south to formally join Jin . Although Yao Xiang served Jin for a while , he claimed independence after his ally Yin Hao grew suspicious of him and tried to kill him . Yao Xiang carried his father 's coffin around until he was killed in battle in 357 when fighting Former Qin forces . Former Qin 's emperor Fu Sheng ordered that his body be buried as a prince in Ji county ( 冀縣 , present-day Gangu County , Gansu ) , Tianshui . When his 24th son , Yao Chang , became emperor of Later Qin in 386 , Yizhong was posthumously named Emperor Jingyuan .
References
Fang , Xuanling ( ed . ) ( 648 ) . Book of Jin ( Jin Shu ) .
Sima , Guang ( 1084 ) . Zizhi Tongjian
Cui , Hong ( 501–522 ) . Spring and Autumn Annals of the Sixteen Kingdoms ( Shiliuguo Chunqiu )
Later Zhao generals
280 births
352 deaths
Jin dynasty ( 266–420 ) people
Former Zhao generals
Later Qin people
Krstova Gora ( Serbian Cyrillic : Крстова Гора ; literally : The Cross Mount ) is a hill in the immediate vicinity of the town of Teslić in Republic of Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The altitude of the hill top is about 270 m , with the town center being on about 202 m. The Krstova Gora is located about 2 km to the west from the town center . It physically divides the village of Ružević to the two local communities : Gornji Ružević and Donji Ružević ( literally : upper and lower Ružević , respectively ) .
Up to the war in Bosnia and Herzegovina The Krstova Gora was named The Gračun ( ) . The name was changed in the post-war period , when first regulation of the hill were undergone . In that period the two approaches to the hill top were improved . Pedestrian trail from the south now starts with concrete stairs and the vehicle road from the north is repaired . On the very top of the hill a several meter high metal cross is erected , standing on a two meter high concrete foundation . The cross is painted in bright colours making it clearly visible in daylight and during the night it is marked with spotlights . The cross represents local Orthodox Christian population which makes the absolute majority . The cross was the basis for the new name of formerly The Gračun hill .
While entering the town from direction of Banja Luka ( west ) the hill and the cross are clearly visible to the left , just at the immediate entrance to the town .
Mountains of Republika Srpska
Teslić
Mountains of Bosnia and Herzegovina
Niamh Mulcahy is a camogie player , winner of the Young Player of the Year award in 2007 . She was player of the match when Limerick won the Ireland Senior B championship in 2007 on a team managed by Ciarán Carey , having secured a replay for Limerick with a long-range free in the final against Cork in the
Gaelic Grounds . She was nominated for an Star in 2009 . With a total of 1-29 she was the highest scoring player in the Intermediate Championship of 2011 .
Family
Her granduncle was hurling team of the century member Mick Mackey , her grandfather was All Ireland medalist John Mackey , her father Ger was an inter-county hurler and her mother Vera an inter-county camogie player for Limerick and a member of the only ever Limerick Senior team to reach the Al Ireland final , when Cork beat them in 1980 after a replay .
Association football
Mulcahy also represented the Republic of Ireland women 's national football team at under-17 , under-19 and university level .
References
External links
Profile in Cúl4kidz magazine
Living people
21st-century Irish people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Limerick camogie players
Alumni of Mary Immaculate College , Limerick
Republic of Ireland women 's association footballers
Association footballers from County Limerick
Women 's association footballers not categorized by position
Republic of Ireland women 's youth international footballers
`` `` is the opening line of Canto VII of Dante Alighieri 's . The line , consisting of three words , is famous for the uncertainty of its meaning , and there have been many attempts to interpret it . Modern commentators on the view it as some kind of demonic invocation to Satan .
Text
The line is a shout by Plutus . Plutus was originally the Roman god of wealth , but in the , Dante has made Plutus into a repulsive demon who guards the fourth circle , where souls who have abused their wealth through greed or improvidence are punished .
The full strophe , plus the following four , which describes Dante 's and Virgil 's entire meeting and confrontation with Plutus reads :
The scant information that can be gleaned from the text is this :
Virgil understands the meaning ( `` And that benignant Sage , who all things knew ... '' ) , and is replying .
That the line is just the beginning of something else ( `` Thus Plutus with his clucking voice began ... ) .
It is an expression of anger ( `` And said : `` Be silent , thou accursed wolf / Consume within thyself with thine own rage . `` ) .
That it has the effect of a threat to Dante ( And that benignant Sage , who all things knew , / Said , to encourage me : `` Let not thy fear / Harm thee ; for any power that he may have / Shall not prevent thy going down this crag . `` ) .
Possible explanations
The only word with fairly obvious meaning is `` '' , namely Satan ; which comes from the Hebrew word ( ) , which translated literally means `` the adversary '' .
The earliest interpretations
Some interpretations from the earliest commentators on the Divine Comedy include :
The word `` pape '' might be a rendering of Latin , or from Greek ( ) . Both words are interjections of anger or surprise , attested in ancient authors ( comparable to the English `` damn ! `` , or just `` oh ! `` ) .
The word `` '' could be an Italian version of the word for `` '' , the Hebrew letter ( ) ( compare Phoenician and Greek ) . The consonant shift here is comparable to that in , the Italian version of the name Joseph . In Hebrew , also means `` number one '' or `` the origin that contains everything '' . It may also be interpreted as a metaphor for the `` head '' , `` the first and foremost '' . This was an attribute for God in late medieval expressions , meaning `` the majesty '' ( of God ) . `` Alef '' was also a medieval interjection ( like `` Oh God ! `` ) .
With these interpretations , the verse would mean `` Oh , Satan , o Satan , god , king ! `` .
The prayer theory
The word `` pape '' might come from Latin , an old Roman term for `` emperor '' , or `` father '' . The double mention of `` pape '' together with `` Satan '' ( here interpreted as the fallen angel Satan ) and the break ( the comma ) in the hendecasyllable , gives it a tone of a prayer or an invocation to Satan , although there is no apparent verb . It might be also an invocation of the evil within the intruders .
Domenico Guerri 's theory
Domenico Guerri researched medieval glossaries thoroughly in 1908 , and interpreted it as `` Oh Satan , oh Satan , God '' , which he wrote was meant as an invocation against travellers .
Abboud Rashid 's theory
Abboud Abu Rashid , the first translator of the Divine Comedy into Arabic ( 1930–1933 ) , interpreted this verse as a phonetic translation of the spoken Arabic , `` '' , meaning `` The door of Satan , the door of Satan , proceed downward ! '' . According to some scholars , although Dante did not speak Arabic , he could have drawn some inspiration from Islamic sources . Doubts arise , however , because the meaning of this interpretation does not really match the reaction of Dante and Virgil ( anger and fear ) , nor Virgil 's answer , and Dante directly indicts Muhammad ( or Mahomet ) as a spreader of religious schism
The Hebrew theory
Some commentators claim that the sentence is phonetic Hebrew , `` '' . This would be the opposite of the sentence that Jesus spoke in the Gospel according to St Matthew 16:18 , `` ... and the gates of Hell shall not prevail against it '' . The meaning of this utterance would be that Hell ( Satan ) has conquered .
The French theories
Two suggestions have been proposed interpreting the words of Plutus as French .
The first reads : `` '' ( `` Peace , peace , Satan , peace , peace , Satan , let 's go , peace ! '' ) . The latter phrase can be interpreted as `` Satan , make peace ! '' . Benvenuto Cellini , in his autobiography , reports hearing the phrase in Paris , transliterating it as `` '' and interpreting it as `` Be quiet ! Be quiet Satan , get out of here and be quiet . ''
The second interpretation , elaborating on the first , is : `` '' ( `` No peace , Satan ! No peace , Satan ! To the sword ! '' ) . According to Giovanni Ventura , Dante 's intention was to hide Philip the Handsome behind Plutus , god of greed , and that was the reason why Plutus was made to speak French instead of Greek . Dante considered Philip the Handsome as the enemy of Christianity , and of Papacy , due to his rapacity . The words of Plutus are also a blasphemed quotation of Jesus ' words in the Gospel Matthew 10:34 ( `` Think not that I have come to send peace on earth : I came not to send [ or bring ] peace , but a sword. '' ) . This interpretation implies a transposition of the tonic accent , for metrical purposes , from the 11th to the 10th syllable , from `` '' to `` '' , similarly to what happens at line 28 , where the tonic accent shifts from `` pur lì '' to `` pùr li '' .
The Flemish theory
According to the solution , published in April 2021 , the words are the phonetic transcription of a sentence in the medieval Flemish dialect of Bruges ( ) , written as or and pronounced as or ( this pronunciation , characteristic of Bruges and its region , the West Flanders , is attested since 1150-1200 until the present day ) . Dante would clearly indicate that he heard these words as `` with clucking voice '' because of the guttural pronunciation of `` '' ( especially the `` l '' : in Flemish/Dutch as in English , `` '' is indeed the `` '' ) , typical of that dialect . By the phenomena known as anaptyxis and perhaps paragogy , typical of the Tuscan dialect of his day ( as in `` salamelecco '' from Salam ' alaykum , also in modern Italian usage , and in `` amecche '' from Hebrew `` amech '' or `` amcha '' in Inf. , XXXI , 67 ) , Dante arrives at the transcription found in the Poem . The reason Dante might have used specifically the Flemish dialect of Bruges is the intense commercial relationships between Florence and Bruges since as early as the XIII century and explicitly mentioned by the Poet in the Poem ( with two references to Bruges and with further references to the Tuscan families involved in business there ) . Dante would also have known Plutus as the god of wealth from Cicero 's . The meaning is `` Father Satan , father Satan , help ! `` , where `` Pape '' is the priest at the head of a parish ( `` Pope '' in is , but it is very unlikely that Dante would have known Flemish well ) . The verse would then be allusive to Matthew 's Gospel ( Mt. , 16 , 21-23 ) , and its intended meaning would be to condemn the exercising of temporal power by the Western Church .
As a comment , the French theories are less convincing , as Dante knew French through his master Brunetto Latini ( who wrote his in French and is remembered in Inferno ) and in view of the fact that French was already in the XIII-XIV centuries well widespread commerce language ( especially also with the Flemish country , aside with Latin ) . Moreover , Dante uses in without any phonetic transcription and in quite a long passage and that language is directly related to medieval French ( ) .
Sources
This article is partially translated from the Italian Wikipedia .
External links
The full Divine Comedy at Wikisource
Pictures from Divine Comedy by Gustave Doré
Divine Comedy
Fiction about the Devil
Gibberish language
The Saudi Pro League ( SPL for short ) ( , Dawriyy al-Muḥtarifayni as-Suʿūdī ) , known as the Roshn Saudi League ( RSL for short ) for sponsorship reasons , is the top division of association football in the Saudi Arabian league system . From 2013 to 2019 , it was known as the Abdul Latif Jameel League , or Dawry Jameel , as it was sponsored by Abdul Latif Jameel .
The first season of competition was the 1976–77 season . Al Hilal is the most successful team , holding 18 titles in its history and most recently winning the title in 2021–22 .
History
Up until the late 1950s , football in Saudi Arabia was organized on a regional basis , with the only nationwide tournament being the King 's Cup . In 1957 , the first qualification process consolidated the regional tournaments of the Central , West , East and North regions . Clubs competed in their regional leagues to qualify for the King 's Cup , which was the final stage of the competition . The winner of the King 's Cup was not the league winner .
1976 saw the start of the first ever professional football league in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia with eight teams , the following season the number of clubs increased to ten . The 1981–82 season saw the merger of both the Saudi Premier League and the Saudi First Division for that season exclusively to the concern of the 1982 FIFA World Cup qualification process . Twenty teams were divided into two groups , A and B . The top two in each group would enter a semi-final stage to determine the overall champions . In the following season which reverted back to regular round robin competition , the number of first-division clubs was later increased to 12 in the 1984–85 season .
In December 1990 , the Saudi federation decided to merge the league with the king cup in one tournament , it was decided to revamp local competitions and to introduce professional football . A new league championship was formed called `` The Custodian of The Two Holy Mosques League Cup '' , which was a two-stage championship . The first stage was a regular double round-robin league competition with the top 4 qualifying to the final knockout stage , called the golden box . Clubs were allowed to sign players on a professional basis making the league semi professional . This system lasted for seventeen seasons before reverting to a regular round robin competition .
The league became fully professional in 2007 .
As of 2008 , depending on the nation 's coefficient , four teams from Saudi Arabia qualify for the AFC Champions League annually . This includes the top three positions of the league , together with the winner of the King Cup . If the winner of the King Cup is also among the top three teams then the fourth-best team qualifies to the play-offs , and if the winner of the King Cup is not in the top three league positions in the league , the top two will qualify directly to the group stages while the third team will qualify for the AFC Champions League play-offs .
Competition format
Competition
There are 16 clubs in the Saudi Professional League . During the course of a season ( usually from August to May ) each club plays the other clubs twice ( a double round-robin system , once at their home stadium and once at that of their opponents , for 30 games . Teams receive three points for a win and one point for a draw . No points are awarded for a loss . Teams are ranked by position on the league table depending on points , then the head-to-head record between the tied teams is taken into consideration , and then goal difference .
Promotion and relegation
A system of promotion and relegation exists between the Saudi Professional League and the Saudi First Division League . The three lowest placed teams in the Saudi Professional League are relegated to the First Division , and the top three teams from the First Division are promoted to the Saudi Professional League .
List of teams ( 2021–22 season )
For details on the 2021–22 Saudi Professional League season , see here .
Note : Table lists in alphabetical order .
1 : Al-Faisaly play their home games in Al Majma'ah .
2 : Al-Hilal also use Prince Faisal bin Fahd Stadium ( 22,500 seats ) as a home stadium .
List of champions
Champions
Performance by club
Total titles won by city
Saudi Premier League title-winning managers
Top scorers
All-time top scorers
Boldface indicates a player still active in the Pro League .
Top scorers by season
See also
Saudi Arabian Football Federation
King Cup
Saudi Super Cup
Saudi Crown Prince Cup
King Abdulaziz
Prince Faisal bin Fahd League U-21
References
External links
MBS League SAFF
Saudi Pro League Statistics
Saudi Professional League Commission
Abdul Latif Jameel League
Saudi Arabia Football Federation at FIFA.com
Saudi Arabia – List of Champions at RSSSF.com
Saudi Pro League summary ( SOCCERWAY )
Saudi Professional League
Football leagues in Saudi Arabia
Top level football leagues in Asia
1976 establishments in Saudi Arabia
Sport leagues established in 1976
The Battle of Big Bend was the last major battle of the Rogue River Wars . It began on May 27 , 1856 and ended on May 28 , 1856 . The battle was fought along the Rogue River , eight miles upriver from Agness , Oregon . `` The battle was fought between one reinforced Army company ; Company `` C '' , 1st Dragoons , and a large group of Indians from many different bands . Captain Andrew Jackson Smith was the commanding officer of Company `` C '' during the battle , and Chief John , a member of the Dakubetede Indian band , lead all the warriors . ''
Under Smith 's Command were 66 enlisted men from Company `` C '' of the 1st Cavalry Regiment , 30 enlisted men from Company `` E '' of the 4th Infantry Regiment , and 54 enlisted men from Company `` G '' of the 4th Infantry Regiment . The orders of the G Company were to accompany Smith 's forces to Big Bend and then return to Oak Flat on the Illinois River .
Battle
On the morning of the 27th , several Natives came to Smith 's camp at Big Bend and alerted them that more Natives were on the way . Later that morning , a group of armed Natives formed outside the camp . Upon realizing that much of the growing group were followers of Chief John , Smith placed his entire command under arms .
The first shots of the battle were fired at around 11:00am by the Natives . The attackers led a consistent assault throughout the day on Smith 's position on the high ground . By the night of the 27th , US troops had suffered four killed and 15 wounded .
At about 4:00am the next morning , the firing resumed when Natives noticed US troop movements as they attempted to improve their defensive positions . Shooting continued for the next 12 hours . at 4:00pm , Captain Augur 's forces from Company `` G '' arrived at the battle and attacked Native positions , pushing them back . Smith then commanded Sweitzer 's forces from Company `` E '' to assault Native positions as well .
On the night of the 28th , Natives began to surrender to the US Army . By the 30th of May , 185 Natives had surrendered at Big Bend .
Aftermath
The Battle of Big Bend left a total of 10 US troops dead and 17 wounded . Seven of the deaths were from Company `` C '' , one from Company `` E '' , and two from Company `` G '' . Of the 17 wounded , 9 came from Company `` C '' , 5 from Company `` E '' , and 3 from Company `` G '' . The number of Native casualties remains unknown as the dead and wounded were taken from the battlefield .
The Army victory at Big Bend brought an end to the hostilities in the Rogue River Valley , with all of the natives being moved from southwest Oregon to the Siletz Indian Reservations during June and July 1856 .
References
Sources
Rogue River Wars
Matthew R. LaGrassa ( born January 27 , 1993 ) is an American professional soccer player who currently plays for USL Championship club Sacramento Republic .
Career
College
LaGrassa grew up in Elk Grove , California where he attended Pleasant Grove High School . He played four years of college soccer at Cal Poly University between 2012 and 2015 , including a red-shirted year in 2011 .
LaGrassa appeared for Premier Development League side Des Moines Menace in 2011 and 2012 , and Ventura County Fusion in 2013 , 2014 and 2015 .
Professional
LaGrassa signed with United Soccer League side Sacramento Republic on January 20 , 2016 .
LaGrassa was announced as one of United Soccer League club Nashville SC 's first signings on November 30 , 2017 . Following the 2021 season LaGrassa 's contract option was declined by Nashville and he became a free agent .
On January 13 , 2022 , LaGrassa returned to his former club Sacramento Republic .
Career statistics
Club
References
External links
Cal Poly bio
1993 births
Living people
American soccer players
Association football midfielders
Cal Poly Mustangs men 's soccer players
Des Moines Menace players
Nashville SC ( 2018–19 ) players
Reno 1868 FC players
Sacramento Republic FC players
Soccer players from California
Sportspeople from Elk Grove , California
FC Tulsa players
USL Championship players
USL League Two players
Ventura County Fusion players
Major League Soccer players
The British Blues Awards were inaugurated in 2010 . The prize was awarded in various categories , such as 'Male vocals ' , 'Female vocals ' , 'Guitarist ' , 'Bass player ' and 'Keyboard player ' , 'Blues band ' , 'Young artist ' , 'Blues album ' , 'Blues festival ' and 'Lifetime achievement ' .
The Awards were suspended in 2017 , due to technical problems surrounding the validity of the online public voting system , which over time had become susceptible to abuse .
British Blues Awards Hall of Fame
The entrants to the `` British Blues Awards Hall of Fame '' , who have won a category three years in a row , are shown below . Members of the Hall of Fame can no longer be nominated for the British Blues Awards in the respective category .
Matt Schofield – Guitarist 2010–2012
Andy Graham – Bass player 2010–2012
Paul Jones – Harmonica player 2010–2012
Joe Bonamassa – Overseas artist 2010–2012
Ian Siegal – Male vocals 2011–2013
The Paul Jones Rhythm and Blues Show – Blues broadcaster 2011 ( exception to the three-year rule )
Hebden Bridge – Blues festival 2012–2014
King King – Band 2012–2014
Awards
The following is a list in chronological order of the award winners in the various categories .
Male vocals
2010 : Oli Brown
2011 : Ian Siegal
2012 : Ian Siegal
2013 : Ian Siegal
2014 : Alan Nimmo
2015 : Alan Nimmo
2016 : Alan Nimmo
Female vocals
2010 : Joanne Shaw Taylor
2011 : Joanne Shaw Taylor
2012 : Chantel McGregor
2013 : Chantel McGregor
2014 : Jo Harman
2015 : Dani Wilde
2016 : Rebecca Downes
Blues band
2010 : Ian Siegal Band
2011 : Oli Brown Band
2012 : King King
2013 : King King
2014 : King King
2015 : The Nimmo Brothers
2016 : The Nimmo Brothers
Harmonica player
2010 : Paul Jones
2011 : Paul Jones
2012 : Paul Jones
2013 : Paul Lamb
2014 : Paul Lamb
2015 : Paul Lamb
2016 : Mark Feltham
Guitarist
2010 : Matt Schofield
2011 : Matt Schofield
2012 : Matt Schofield
2013 : Chantel McGregor
2014 : Chantel McGregor
2015 : Aynsley Lister
2016 : Laurence Jones
Acoustic act
2012 : Ian Siegal
2013 : Marcus Bonfanti
2014 : Marcus Bonfanti
2015 : Ian Siegal
2016 : Ian Siegal
Bass player
2010 : Andy Graham
2011 : Andy Graham
2012 : Andy Graham
2013 : Lindsay Coulson
2014 : Lindsay Coulson
2015 : Norman Watt-Roy
2016 : Lindsay Coulson
Keyboard player
2010 : Jonny Henderson
2011 : Jonny Henderson
2012 : Paddy Milner
2013 : Bennett Holland
2014 : Steve Watts
2015 : Paddy Milner
2016 : Paul Long
Drummer
2010 : Simon Dring
2011 : Wayne Proctor
2012 : Stephen Cutmore
2014 : Wayne Proctor
2015 : Wayne Proctor
2015 : Wayne Proctor
2016 : Andrew Naumann
Instrumentalist
2010 : Son Henry
2011 : Son Henry
2012 : Becky Tate
2013 : Becky Tate
2014 : Sarah Skinner ( Red Dirt Skinners )
2015 : Becky Tate
2016 : Becky Tate
Young artist
2010 : Oli Brown
2011 : Chantel McGregor
2012 : Oli Brown
2013 : Dan Owen / Lucy Zirins
2014 : Laurence Jones
2015 : Laurence Jones
2016 : Laurence Jones
Blues festival
2010 : Blues On The Farm
2011 : Great British Rhythm And Blues Festival
2012 : Hebden Bridge Blues Festival
2013 : Hebden Bridge Blues Festival
2014 : Hebden Bridge Blues Festival
2015 : Upton Blues Festival
2016 : Upton Blues Festival
Overseas artist
2010 : Joe Bonamassa
2011 : Joe Bonamassa
2012 : Joe Bonamassa
2013 : Walter Trout
2014 : Walter Trout
2015 : Walter Trout
2016 : Buddy Guy
Blues broadcaster
2011 : Paul Jones
( Category replaced as below )
Independent blues broadcaster
2012 : Gary Grainger
2013 : Dave Raven
2014 : Dave Watkins
2015 : Dave Raven
2016 : Paul Long
Lifetime achievement
2010 : Colin Staples
2011 : Paul Jones
2012 : Paul Oliver
2013 : Mike Vernon / Barry Middleton
2014 : Philip Guy Davis / Bill & Joyce Harrison
2015 : Paul Dean New Crawdaddy Club
2016 : Pete Feenstra
Blues album
2010 : Heads , Tails & Aces – Matt Schofield
2011 : Heads I Win Tails You Lose – Oli Brown
2012 : Take My Hand – King King
2013 : Candy Store Kid – Ian Siegal and the Mississippi Mudbloods
2014 : Standing in the Shadows – King King
2015 : Going Back Home – Wilko Johnson and Roger Daltrey
2016 : Reaching For The Light – King King
Kevin Thorpe Award for Songwriter of the Year
2011 : Joanne Shaw Taylor for `` Same As It Never Was ''
2012 : Marcus Bonfanti for `` The Bittersweet ''
2013 : Ian Siegal for `` I Am The Train ''
2014 : Aynsley Lister
2015 : Katie Bradley and Dudley Ross
2016 : King King
Song
2014 : `` Home '' – Aynsley Lister
2015 : `` Mud Honey '' – Joanne Shaw Taylor
2016 : `` Rush Hour '' – King King
Barry Middleton Memorial Award for Emerging Artist
2014 : King Size Slim
2015 : Kaz Hawkins
2016 : Rebecca Downes
British blues great
2015 : John Mayall and Chris Barber
2016 : Papa George and The Hoax
See also
British blues
References
External links
Official website
Blues music awards
British music awards
Awards established in 2010
2010 establishments in the United Kingdom
Music halls of fame
City of Dreams may refer to :
Title
`` City of Dreams '' ( Joel Turner song )
`` City of Dreams '' , a song from the album and film True Stories by Talking Heads
`` City of Dreams '' ( Dirty South and Alesso song )
City of Dreams ( novel ) , by Beverly Swerling
City of Dreams , a novel by William Martin
City of Dreams ( TV series ) , an Indian TV Series available for streaming on Hotstar
City of Dreams ( casino ) , a casino in Cotai , Macau
City of Dreams Manila , a casino in Entertainment City , Metro Manila , Philippines
Nickname
Austin , Texas
Carrollton , Georgia
Columbia , South Carolina
London , United Kingdom
Mumbai , India
Vienna , Austria
Cyprus participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 2010 with the song `` Life Looks Better in Spring '' written by Nasos Lambrianides and Melis Konstantinou . The song was performed by Jon Lilygreen and the Islanders . The Cypriot broadcaster Cyprus Broadcasting Corporation ( CyBC ) organised the national final Eurovision 2010 : Epilogi tis kypriakis symmetochis in order to select the Cypriot entry for the 2010 contest in Oslo , Norway . The national final featured nine entries , resulting in the selection of Lilygreen and the Islanders with `` Life Looks Better in Spring '' at the final in February 2010 .
Cyprus was drawn to compete in the second semi-final of the Eurovision Song Contest which took place on 27 May 2010 . Performing during the show in position 14 , `` Life Looks Better in Spring '' was announced among the top 10 entries of the second semi-final and therefore qualified to compete in the final on 29 May . It was later revealed that Cyprus placed 10th out of the 17 participating countries in the semi-final with 67 points . In the final , Cyprus performed in position 5 and placed 21st out of the 25 participating countries , scoring 27 points .
Background
Prior to the 2010 contest , Cyprus had participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 27 times since their debut in the 1981 contest . Its best placing was fifth , achieving this three times : in the 1982 competition with the song `` Mono i agapi '' performed by Anna Vissi , in the 1997 edition with `` Mana mou '' performed by Hara and Andreas Constantinou , and the 2004 contest with `` Stronger Every Minute '' performed by Lisa Andreas . Cyprus ' least successful result was in the 1986 contest when it placed last with the song `` Tora zo '' by Elpida , receiving only four points in total . However , its worst finish in terms of points received was when it placed second to last in the 1999 contest with `` Tha'nai erotas '' by Marlain Angelidou , receiving only two points . The nation failed to qualify for the final in with `` Firefly '' performed by Christina Metaxa .
The Cypriot national broadcaster , Cyprus Broadcasting Corporation ( CyBC ) , broadcasts the event within Cyprus and organises the selection process for the nation 's entry . CyBC confirmed their intentions to participate at the Eurovision Song Contest 2010 on 6 October 2009 . Cyprus has used various methods to select the Cypriot entry in the past , such as internal selections and televised national finals to choose the performer , song or both . Since 2008 , the broadcaster has organised a national final to select the Cypriot entry , a method which was continued for 2010 .
Before Eurovision
Eurovision 2010 : Epilogi tis kypriakis symmetochis
Eurovision 2010 : Epilogi tis kypriakis symmetochis ( ; `` Selection of the Cypriot participation '' ) was the national final format developed by CyBC in order to select Cyprus ' entry for the Eurovision Song Contest 2010 . The competition took place on 7 February 2010 at the CyBC Studio 3 in Nicosia , hosted by Andreas Georgiou and broadcast on RIK 1 , RIK Sat and in Greece on ET1 as well as online via CyBC 's website cybc.cy .
Competing entries
Artists and composers were able to submit their entries to the broadcaster until 27 November 2009 . All artists and songwriters were required to have Cypriot nationality , origin or residency or be European citizens who had spent at least two years residing in Cyprus . Additionally , no portion of the submitted song or lyrics thereof were allowed to be previously released . At the conclusion of the deadline , 70 entries were received by CyBC . A seven-member selection committee which included three CyBC representatives shortlisted 20 entries from the received submissions and the 10 selected entries were announced on 12 December 2009 . Among the competing artists were 1996 , 2002 and 2005 Cypriot Eurovision entrant Constantinos Christoforou and 2008 Bulgarian Eurovision entrant Deep Zone . Mike Connaris composed the Cypriot Eurovision entry in 2004 . On 29 January 2010 , the song `` Nothing Is Real '' written by Nasos Lambrianides and Melis Konstantinou was withdrawn and replaced with `` Waiting '' performed by Andreas Economides . On 3 February 2010 , `` Play '' performed by Deep Zone was disqualified from the competition as the song was released online before the broadcast of the national final .
Final
The final took place on 7 February 2010 at the CyBC Studio 3 in Nicosia . Nine entries competed and the winner , `` Life Looks Better in Spring '' performed by Jon Lilygreen and the Islanders , was selected by a 50/50 combination of votes from a five-member jury panel and a public televote . The entry received the maximum 12 points from both the televote and jury , a first for a Cypriot national final . `` Life Looks Better in Spring '' was composed by Nasos Lambrianides and Melis Konstantinou , with lyrics by Lambrianides . Lilygreen was the only participant in the final to not already be famous in Cyprus or Greece , hailing instead from Wales in the United Kingdom . In addition to the performances of the competing entries , the show featured a guest performance by Giorgos Papadopoulos .
Promotion
Lilygreen and the Islanders made several appearances across Europe to specifically promote `` Life Looks Better in Spring '' as the Cypriot Eurovision entry . On 12 March 2010 , Jon Lilygreen and the Islanders performed `` Life Looks Better in Spring '' during the Greek Eurovision national final Ellinikós Telikós 2010 . On 24 April , the musicians performed during the Eurovision in Concert event which was held at the Lexion venue in Zaanstad , Netherlands on 24 April and hosted by Cornald Maas and Marga Bult .
At Eurovision
The Eurovision Song Contest 2010 took place at Telenor Arena in Oslo , Norway , and consisted of two semi-finals held on 25 and 27 May , respectively , and the final on 29 May 2010 . According to the contest 's rules , all participating countries , except the host nation and the `` Big Four '' , consisting of , , and the , were required to qualify from one of the two semi-finals to compete for the final ; the top 10 countries from the respective semi-finals progress to the final . The European Broadcasting Union ( EBU ) split up the competing countries into five different pots based on voting patterns from previous contests evaluated by Digame , in order to decrease the influence of neighbour and diaspora voting . An allocation draw was then held in Oslo on 7 February 2010 , that placed each country into one of the two semi-finals and determined which half of the show they would perform in . Cyprus was placed into the second semi-final to be held on 27 May and was scheduled to perform in the second half of the show . The running order for the semi-finals was decided through another draw on 23 March 2010 , and Cyprus was set to perform in position 14 , following the entry from Bulgaria and preceding the entry from Croatia . The two semi-finals and the final were broadcast in Cyprus on RIK 1 , RIK SAT and RIK Triton with commentary by Melina Karageorgiou as well as on RIK Deftero with English commentary by Nathan Morley .
Performances
Lilygreen and the Islanders took part in technical rehearsals on 19 and 23 May 2010 , followed by a dress rehearsal on 26 May . At the 26 May rehearsal , the professional juries of each country watched and voted on the competing entries . The Cypriot performance featured Lilygreen dressed in a white jacket with blue jeans and trainers and playing the guitar , joined on stage by the members of the Islanders with their pianist Sylvia Strand performing backing vocals . The stage backdrop was dark with the lighting transitioning between blue , light brown and orange colours .
At the end of the second semi-final , Cyprus was announced as having finished in the top 10 , thereby qualifying for the final . The country placed 10th in the semi-final , receiving a total of 67 points . Shortly after the semi-final , a winners ' press conference was held for the 10 qualifying countries . As part of this press conference , the qualifying artists took part in a draw to determine the running order for the final . This draw was done in the order the countries were announced during the semi-final . Cyprus was drawn to perform in position 5 for the final , following the entry from Moldova and preceding the entry from Bosnia and Herzegovina . Lilygreen and the Islanders once again took part in dress rehearsals on 28 and 29 May 2010 before the final , including the jury final where the professional juries cast their final votes before the live show . At the conclusion of the voting portion of the 29 May final , Cyprus was announced as having finished in 21st place with 27 points .
Voting
Voting during the three shows consisted of 50 percent public televoting and 50 percent from a jury deliberation . The jury consisted of five music industry professionals who were citizens of the country each represented . This jury was asked to judge each contestant based on : vocal capacity ; the stage performance ; the song 's composition and originality ; and the overall impression by the act . In addition , no member of a national jury could be related in any way to any of the competing acts in such a way that they can not vote impartially and independently . Following the release of the full split voting by the EBU after the conclusion of the competition , it was revealed that Cyprus had placed 23rd with the public televote and 18th with the jury vote in the final . In the public vote , Cyprus scored 16 points , while with the jury vote , the nation scored 57 points . In the first semi-final , Cyprus placed tenth with the public televote with 53 points and ninth with the jury vote , scoring 79 points . Christina Metaxa , who represented Cyprus in 2009 , was the Cypriot spokesperson who announced their votes during the final ; the announcement was made from the new Larnaca International Airport . The nation awarded its 12 points to Armenia in the semi-final and to Greece in the final of the contest .
Below is a breakdown of points awarded to Cyprus and awarded by Cyprus in the second semi-final and final of the contest .
Points awarded to Cyprus
Points awarded by Cyprus
References
2010
Countries in the Eurovision Song Contest 2010
Eurovision
Montana is a locality and small rural community in the local government area of Meander Valley in the North West region of Tasmania . It is located about south-east of the town of Devonport .
The 2016 census determined a population of 56 for the state suburb of Montana .
History
The locality was originally called Cheshunt Park . The name was changed to Montana in 1912 .
Geography
The Meander River forms the eastern boundary of the locality .
Road infrastructure
The C166 route ( Long Ridge Road ) enters the locality from the south-east and exits to the north-east . The C164 route ( Montana Road ) starts at an intersection with route C166 in the south-east and runs north through the locality and village before exiting .
References
Localities of Meander Valley Council
Towns in Tasmania
Charles Graham Ballantyne ( 30 August 1914 – 21 August 1991 ) was a Scottish footballer who played for Dumbarton and Clyde .
References
1914 births
1991 deaths
Scottish footballers
Dumbarton F.C . players
Clyde F.C . players
Scottish Football League players
Association football central defenders
Sportspeople from Dumbarton
Footballers from West Dunbartonshire
The 1971 Hounslow Council election took place on 13 May 1971 to elect members of Hounslow London Borough Council in London , England . The whole council was up for election and the Labour party gained overall control of the council .
Background
Election result
Ward results
References
1971
1971 London Borough council elections
Ahatlı is a village in the District of Kaş , Antalya Province , Turkey . It is 175 km distant from Antalya
city center and 15 km to Kaş , both important centers of tourism in Turkey .
References
Villages in Kaş District
Denver J. Stutler Jr. is an American engineer who served as the Secretary of the Florida Department of Transportation from June 2005 to December 2006 under then-Florida Governor Jeb Bush . Stutler previously served as Chief of Staff to Gov . Bush before becoming Secretary .
Stutler hired Stephanie Kopelousos as his chief of staff at FDOT ; she later succeeded him as Secretary . After leaving government , he became CEO of P3 Development Company , LLC in Tallahassee , Florida . He is an alumnus of the University of Central Florida , graduating with a bachelor 's degree in 1987 , and a master 's degree in civil engineering in 1989 .
Currently , Stutler is the co-founder and CEO U.S. Submergent Technologies .
References
Living people
State cabinet secretaries of Florida
University of Central Florida alumni
1966 births
American civil engineers
Edwina Pio is a New Zealand academic . Pio is currently a full professor of Diversity at the Auckland University of Technology .
Academic career
Pio 's work is frequently talked about in the New Zealand media and she is frequently sought for opinions on diversity-related topics , including gender issues and race relations .
Awards
Pio was awarded the Te Rangi Hiroa Medal in 2019 for `` her pioneering research that has had a significant impact on how ethnic minority migrants are ( de ) constructed in organisations and how religion and ethnicity are powerful entwined forces in the business and social arenas in New Zealand and internationally '' .
Selected works
Syed , Jawad , and Edwina Pio . `` Veiled diversity ? Workplace experiences of Muslim women in Australia . '' Asia Pacific Journal of Management 27 , no . 1 ( 2010 ) : 115–137 .
Spiller , Chellie , Ljiljana Erakovic , Manuka Henare , and Edwina Pio . `` Relational well-being and wealth : Māori businesses and an ethic of care . '' Journal of Business Ethics 98 , no . 1 ( 2011 ) : 153–169 .
Pio , Edwina . `` Knotted strands : Working lives of Indian women migrants in New Zealand . '' Human Relations 58 , no . 10 ( 2005 ) : 1277–1299 .
Spiller , Chellie , Edwina Pio , Lijijana Erakovic , and Manuka Henare . `` Wise up : Creating organizational wisdom through an ethic of Kaitiakitanga . '' Journal of Business Ethics 104 , no . 2 ( 2011 ) : 223–235 .
Pio , Edwina . `` Ethnic entrepreneurship among Indian women in New Zealand : A bittersweet process . '' Gender , Work & Organization 14 , no . 5 ( 2007 ) : 409–432 .
References
Living people
New Zealand women academics
Auckland University of Technology faculty
Year of birth missing ( living people )
DNS Certification Authority Authorization ( CAA ) is an Internet security policy mechanism that allows domain name holders to indicate to certificate authorities whether they are authorized to issue digital certificates for a particular domain name . It does this by means of a new `` CAA '' Domain Name System ( DNS ) resource record .
It was drafted by computer scientists Phillip Hallam-Baker and Rob Stradling in response to increasing concerns about the security of publicly trusted certificate authorities . It is an Internet Engineering Task Force ( IETF ) proposed standard .
Background
A series of incorrectly issued certificates from 2001 onwards damaged trust in publicly trusted certificate authorities , and accelerated work on various security mechanisms , including Certificate Transparency to track mis-issuance , HTTP Public Key Pinning and DANE to block mis-issued certificates on the client-side , and CAA to block mis-issuance on the certificate authority side .
The first draft of CAA was written by Phillip Hallam-Baker and Rob Stradling , and submitted as an IETF Internet Draft in October 2010 . This was progressively improved by the PKIX Working Group , and approved by the IESG as , a Proposed Standard , in January 2013 . CA/Browser Forum discussion began shortly afterward , and in March 2017 they voted in favor of making CAA implementation mandatory for all certificate authorities by September 2017 . At least one certificate authority , Comodo , failed to implement CAA before the deadline . A 2017 study by the Technical University of Munich found many instances where certificate authorities failed to correctly implement some part of the standard .
In September 2017 , Jacob Hoffman-Andrews submitted an Internet Draft intended to simplify the CAA standard . This was improved by the LAMPS Working Group , and approved as , a Proposed Standard , in November 2019 .
, Qualys reports that still , only 6.8 % of the 150,000 most popular TLS-supporting websites use CAA records .
Record
Certificate authorities implementing CAA perform a DNS lookup for CAA resource records , and if any are found , ensure that they are listed as an authorized party before issuing a digital certificate . Each CAA resource record consists of the following components :
flag A flag byte which implements an extensible signaling system for future use . , only the issuer critical flag has been defined , which instructs certificate authorities that they must understand the corresponding property tag before issuing a certificate . This flag allows the protocol to be extended in the future with mandatory extensions , similar to critical extensions in X.509 certificates .
tag One of the following property :
issue This property authorizes the holder of the domain specified in associated property value to issue certificates for the domain for which the property is published .
issuewild This property acts like issue but only authorizes the issuance of wildcard certificates , and takes precedence over the issue property for wildcard certificate requests .
iodef This property specifies a method for certificate authorities to report invalid certificate requests to the domain name holder using the Incident Object Description Exchange Format . , not all certificate authorities support this tag , so there is no guarantee that all certificate issuances will be reported .
contactemail Increasingly , contact information is not available in WHOIS due to concerns about potential GDPR violations . This property allows domain holders to publish contact information in DNS .
contactphone As above , for phone numbers .
value The value associated with the chosen property tag .
The lack of any CAA records authorizes normal unrestricted issuance , and the presence of a single blank issue tag disallows all issuance .
Third parties monitoring certificate authority behavior might check newly issued certificates against the domain 's CAA records . states ; CAA records MAY be used by Certificate Evaluators as a possible indicator of a security policy violation . Such use SHOULD take into account the possibility that published CAA records changed between the time a certificate was issued and the time at which the certificate was observed by the Certificate Evaluator .
Extensions
specifies `` accounturi '' and `` validationmethods '' parameters which allow users to specify desired methods of domain control validation as defined in ACME protocol . For example , website administrator can bind a domain they control to particular account registered with their desired Certification Authority .
History
A draft of the first extension to the CAA standard was published on October 26 , 2016 , proposing a new account-uri token to the end of the issue property , which ties a domain to a specific Automated Certificate Management Environment account . This was amended on August 30 , 2017 , to also include a new validation-methods token , which ties a domain to a specific validation method , and then further amended on June 21 , 2018 to remove the hyphen in account-uri and validation-methods making them instead accounturi and validationmethods .
Examples
To indicate that only the certificate authority identified by ca.example.net is authorized to issue certificates for example.com and all subdomains , one may use this CAA record :
example.com . IN CAA 0 issue `` ca.example.net ''
To disallow any certificate issuance , one may allow issuance only to an empty issuer list :
example.com . IN CAA 0 issue `` ; ''
To indicate that certificate authorities should report invalid certificate requests to an email address and a Real-time Inter-network Defense endpoint :
example.com . IN CAA 0 iodef `` mailto : security @ example.com ''
example.com . IN CAA 0 iodef `` http : //iodef.example.com/ ''
To use a future extension of the protocol , for example , one which defines a new future property , which needs to be understood by the certificate authority before they can safely proceed , one may set the issuer critical flag :
example.com . IN CAA 0 issue `` ca.example.net ''
example.com . IN CAA 128 future `` value ''
Known compliance incidents
In 2017 , Camerfirma was found to improperly validate CAA records . Camerfirma claimed to have misunderstood the CA/Browser Forum Baseline Requirements describing CAA validation .
In early 2020 , Let 's Encrypt disclosed that their software improperly queried and validated CAA records potentially affecting over 3 million certificates . Let 's Encrypt worked with customers and site operators to replace over 1.7 million certificates , but decided not to revoke the rest to avoid client downtime and since the affected certificates would all expire in less than 90 days .
See also
Certificate authority compromise
Certificate Transparency
DNS-based Authentication of Named Entities
HTTP Public Key Pinning
List of DNS record types
References
External links
List of CA identifiers for use in CAA records at Common CA Database
Transport Layer Security
Domain Name System
Don Wishart was a Canadian ice hockey defenseman and forward who captained Colorado College to the National Championship in 1957 .
Career
Wishart 's junior career was rife with success as he helped the Flin Flon Bombers win three consecutive league championships . After he aged out of the Canadian junior league , Wishart joined Colorado College on an athletic scholarship and immediately joined the varsity ice hockey team . That year the Tigers jumped from 4th to 1st in the WIHL and , with Wishart playing both forward and defense for CC , they made the NCAA tournament for the first time in three years . The Tigers escaped with a close victory over St. Lawrence in the semifinal but , despite scoring in the championship match , Wishart could n't help the team outlast Michigan in a rematch of the 1952 championship .
The team regressed a bit in Wishart 's second season , partly from graduations and also due to the resignation of head coach Cheddy Thompson . New bench boss Tom Bedecki still got the team to a 3rd-place finish but that was n't enough to get them back to the NCAA tournament . Wishart was named captain for the 1956–57 season and with a massive influx of offensive talent the team went on a rampage in college hockey . Wishart led the defensive corps and helped the offense that produced 199 goals in just 30 games . CC was again WIHL champions and received the top western seed . The team had to fight through a stellar effort from Eddie MacDonald in the semifinal but the 60 shots they set at the Clarkson cage were enough in the end . For the third time in six seasons CC faced Michigan in the final and this time the Tigers would finally defeat their conference rivals . The two teams remained close for the first two periods but the Tigers scored 6 consecutive goals in the third period to put the game out of reach . In his final game , Wishart scored the final Tiger goal and broke the record for the most goals scored in a championship game ( Michigan would add one more to increase the total to 19 ) .
Wishart was named to the All-Tournament First Team and was also an AHCA First Team All-American for the season .
Statistics
Regular season and playoffs
Awards and honors
References
External links
1934 births
2019 deaths
Canadian ice hockey defencemen
Colorado College Tigers men 's ice hockey players
Ice hockey people from Manitoba
People from Portage la Prairie
NCAA men 's ice hockey national champions
AHCA Division I men 's ice hockey All-Americans
Kadıköy , Nallıhan is a village in the District of Nallıhan , Ankara Province , Turkey .
References
Villages in Nallıhan District
Amor Quédate ( English : Love Stay ) Is the debut single released by Cuban-American singer-songwriter and actor Jencarlos Canela , written and produced by Rudy Pérez , from his upcoming debut studio album Búscame ( 2009 ) . The song is one of the themes from Telemundo Telenovela 's Más Sabe el Diablo .
Jencarlos thought this was a good romantic theme love song , to promote his new album .
Charts
Single
Amor Quédate ( Album Version ) – 3:41
iTunes Single – EP
iTunes Official Released
Amor Quédate ( Album Version ) – 3:41
Amor Quédate ( Unplugged Version ) – 3:39
Amor Quédate ( Music Video ) – 3:41
Official Versions & Remixes
Amor Quédate ( Album Version ) – 3:41
Amor Quédate ( Club Version ) – 3:34
Amor Quédate ( Unplugged Version ) – 3:41
Amor Quédate ( Salsa Version ) – 4:50
References
External links
Jencarlos Canela lanza en las radios de Estados Unidos `` Amor Quédate '' , primer sencillo de su álbum debut `` Búscame ''
2009 singles
2009 songs
Songs written by Rudy Pérez
Song recordings produced by Rudy Pérez
2000s ballads
Pop ballads
Mount Bowlen is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia and forms part of the Valley of the Ten Peaks . It was named in 1953 after John J. Bowlen , a native of Prince Edward Island , successful Alberta rancher , honorary chief of the Blackfoot , and a Lieutenant Governor of Alberta . Its former name was `` Yamnee '' , which translates to the number 3 in the local Nakoda ( Stoney ) language .
Geology
The mountains in Banff Park are composed of sedimentary rock laid down during the Precambrian to Jurassic periods . Formed in shallow seas , this sedimentary rock was pushed east and over the top of younger rock during the Laramide orogeny .
Climate
Based on the Köppen climate classification , the mountain has a subarctic climate with cold , snowy winters , and mild summers . Temperatures can drop below -20 C with wind chill factors below -30 C in the winter .
See also
List of peaks on the Alberta–British Columbia border
References
Further reading
Dave Birrell , 50 Roadside Panoramas in the Canadian Rockies , P 87
Western Canada , P 280
Paul Zizka , Summits and Starlight : The Canadian Rockies
Gallery
External links
Parks Canada web site : Banff National Park
Mount Bowlen weather : Mountain Forecast
Three-thousanders of Alberta
Three-thousanders of British Columbia
Mountains of Banff National Park
Kootenay National Park
The canton of Barcillonnette is a former administrative division in southeastern France . In 1999 , with a registered population of 270 , it had a lower population than any other French canton . It was disbanded following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015 . It consisted of 3 communes , which joined the canton of Tallard in 2015 . It had 390 inhabitants in 2012 .
The canton comprised the following communes :
Barcillonnette
Esparron
Vitrolles
Demographics
See also
Cantons of the Hautes-Alpes department
References
Former cantons of Hautes-Alpes
2015 disestablishments in France
States and territories disestablished in 2015
is a former JR West Kabe Line station located in Yuki , Saeki District , Hiroshima Prefecture , Japan . It closed on December 1 , 2003 , when operation of the line was discontinued/suspended between Kabe Station and Sandankyō Station .
Lines
West Japan Railway Company
Kabe Line
Adjacent stations
Railway stations in Hiroshima Prefecture
Kabe Line suspended stations
Railway stations closed in 2003
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1954
2003 disestablishments in Japan
Alfred Coppel , Alfredo Jose de Arana-Marini Coppel ( November 9 , 1921 – May 30 , 2004 ) was an American author . Born in Oakland , he served as a fighter pilot in the United States Army Air Forces during World War II . After his discharge , he started his career as a writer . He became one of the most prolific pulp magazine authors of the 1950s and 1960s , adopting the pseudonyms Robert Cham Gilman and A.C. Marin and writing for a variety of pulp magazines and later `` slick '' publishers . Though writing in a variety of genres , including action thrillers , he is known for his science fiction stories which comprise both short stories and novels .
Science fiction
Coppel 's first science fiction story was `` Age of Unreason '' ( 1947 ) in Amazing Stories . Other short stories include `` The Dreamer '' ( 1952 ) about a man called Denby , who wants to be the first to orbit the moon , published in The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction and reprinted in the anthology Best Short Shorts ( 1958 ) edited by Eric Berger . His post-holocaust novel Dark December ( 1960 ) describes the aftermath of nuclear war .
As Robert Cham Gilman , he wrote the Rhada sequence of science fiction novels aimed at the young adult market . These space operas , set within a galactic empire , comprise The Rebel of Rhada ( 1968 ) , The Navigator of Rhada ( 1969 ) , The Starkahn of Rhada ( 1970 ) and a prequel called The Warlock of Rhada ( 1985 ) . The Rebel of Rhada is an expansion , with many changes including a significantly different ending , of `` The Rebel of Valkyr , '' published in 1950 under his own name and included in Brian Aldiss 's collection Galactic Empires .
The Burning Mountain : A Novel of the Invasion of Japan ( 1983 ) is an alternate history depicting what could have happened if the United States and its allies had been forced to invade Japan in 1946 , had the Trinity test of the Fat Man nuclear design on July 16 , 1945 , failed . This is based on the Operation Coronet and Operation Olympic , United States battle plans for the invasion of Japan , which were rendered moot by Japan 's surrender after the atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki .
Other books
In 1974 , he had a bestseller with the suspense thriller Thirty-Four East about the Arab–Israeli conflict . Another political thriller was The Apocalypse Brigade , 1981 , about the United States at war with global terrorism . And based on his own experiences as World War II fighter pilot , Order of Battle , a gritty account of a P-38 Lightning pilot .
References
External links
A biography of Coppel in German
Cover of `` The Rebel of Rhada ''
20th-century American novelists
American male novelists
American science fiction writers
1921 births
2004 deaths
Writers from Oakland , California
United States Army Air Forces officers
United States Army Air Forces pilots of World War II
20th-century American male writers
Military personnel from California
Petersen Arboretum is an arboretum located in Petersen Park , Alpine , Utah , United States . It was established prior to 2003 , when 150 additional trees were planted . Its collection has about 50 types of trees , including Big Tooth and Amur Maples , Tri-colored Oaks , and the Dawn Redwoods . The arboretum is located at Ridge Drive and 100 East .
See also
List of botanical gardens in the United States
References
Arboreta in Utah
Botanical gardens in Utah
Protected areas of Utah County , Utah
2003 establishments in Utah
Powari is an Indo-Aryan language spoken primarily in Madhya Pradesh and Eastern Maharashtra . It belongs to the Hindi subgroup . However , further classification is difficult to determine . Despite the name , the majority of ethnic Powar people , who amount to approximately one million people ( according to estimates in 1986 ) , approximately only about 30 % are native speakers of Powari . However , about 70 % of Powar community members can speak & write Powari language .
Classification
Powari has variously been classified as a variety of ( or possibly a regional name for ) the Bundeli language , or as a separate language belonging to either the Eastern Hindi or the Western Hindi subgroups .
Geographical distribution
According to Ethnologue , Powari is spoken in the Balaghat , Seoni , districts of Madhya Pradesh ; and Bhandara and Gondia districts of Maharashtra .
References
Indo-Aryan languages
Catch the Catch is the debut album by pop singer C. C. Catch , released on April 28 , 1986 . The album consists of Euro disco and synthpop songs . It includes the major top 10 European pop hits `` I Can Lose My Heart Tonight '' , `` 'Cause You Are Young '' and `` Strangers by Night '' .
Track listings
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Credits
Arranged by , music by , lyrics by , produced by – Dieter Bohlen
Art direction [ art direction & concept ] , artwork [ front cover ] – M. Vormstein
Artwork [ back cover ] – Herbert W. Hesselmann
Design – Ariola-Studios
References
C. C. Catch albums
1986 debut albums
Hansa Records albums
Belenli is a village in the District of Kaş , Antalya Province , Turkey . Nearby is the site of the ancient city of Isinda .
History
There is no information about the history of this village . Belenli village is famous for the original springs . The official village settlement is 70 km away from the springs . Each location has a headman . There are two villages , that are autonomous in administration .
References
Villages in Kaş District
The Apostolic Nunciature to the Bahamas is an ecclesiastical office of the Catholic Church in the Bahamas . It is a diplomatic post of the Holy See , whose representative is called the Apostolic Nuncio with the rank of an ambassador . The nuncio resides in Port of Spain , Trinidad .
List of papal representatives to the Bahamas
Apostolic Pro-Nuncios
Paul Fouad Naïm Tabet ( 9 February 1980 - 8 September 1984 )
Manuel Monteiro de Castro ( 16 February 1985 - 21 August 1990 )
Eugenio Sbarbaro ( 7 February 1991 - 26 April 2000 )
Apostolic Nuncios
Emil Paul Tscherrig ( 8 July 2000 - 22 May 2004 )
Thomas Edward Gullickson ( 2 October 2004 – 21 May 2011 )
Nicola Girasoli ( 29 October 2011 – 16 June 2017 )
Fortunatus Nwachukwu ( 27 February 2018 – 17 December 2021 )
See also
Apostolic Delegation to the Antilles
References
Bahamas
The cinnamon woodpecker ( Celeus loricatus ) is a species of bird in the family Picidae .
It is found in Colombia , Costa Rica , Ecuador , Nicaragua , and Panama . Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests .
References
cinnamon woodpecker
Birds of Costa Rica
Birds of Panama
Birds of Colombia
Birds of Ecuador
cinnamon woodpecker
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxa named by Ludwig Reichenbach
Lonoke County is located in the Central Arkansas region of the U.S. state of Arkansas . As of the 2010 census , the population was 68,356 , making it the 11th-most populous of Arkansas 's 75 counties . The county seat is Lonoke and largest city is Cabot . Lonoke County was formed on April 16 , 1873 , from Pulaski County and Prairie County , and was named as a corruption of `` lone oak '' , after a large red oak in the area that had been used by a surveyor to lay out the Memphis and Little Rock Railroad .
Located within Central Arkansas , the county 's varied geography can be roughly broken into thirds horizontally . The top third has rolling hills at the edge of the Ozarks , including the Cabot area . The middle third , including the Lonoke area , contains portions of the Grand Prairie , a flat native grassland today known for rice farming , an important part of the culture , economy and history of Lonoke County . The southern third , including the Scott area , is home to the alluvial soils of the Arkansas Delta . Historically , a military road and a railroad brought settlers to the area , and cotton cultivation was very profitable . In 1904 , a demonstration that rice could grow well on the same land coupled with sinking cotton prices drove the area into rice cultivation . During World War I , a United States Army World War I Flight Training airfield , Eberts Field , was constructed .
Lonoke County is included in the Central Arkansas metro area , with Little Rock as the principal city . In addition to agriculture , the county 's economy sees tourists at the Camp Nelson Confederate Cemetery , Joe Hogan Fish Hatchery and Toltec Mounds State Park , Lonoke County is an alcohol prohibition or dry county .
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 4.0 % ) is water .
State Nature
Toltec Mounds
Plantation Agri . Mus . State Park
Bayou Meto
Major highways
Interstate 40
Future Interstate 57
U.S. Highway 67
U.S. Highway 70
U.S. Highway 165
U.S. Highway 167
Highway 5
Highway 13
Highway 15
Highway 31
Highway 38
Highway 89
Adjacent counties
White County ( north )
Prairie County ( east )
Arkansas County ( southeast )
Jefferson County ( south )
Pulaski County ( west )
Faulkner County ( northwest )
Demographics
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census , there were 74,015 people , 26,052 households , and 18,824 families residing in the county .
2000 census
As of the 2000 census , there were 52,828 people , 19,262 households , and 15,024 families residing in the county . The population density was . There were 20,749 housing units at an average density of 27 per square mile ( 10/km2 ) . The racial makeup of the county was 91.03 % White , 6.44 % Black or African American , 0.49 % Native American , 0.42 % Asian , 0.03 % Pacific Islander , 0.51 % from other races , and 1.08 % from two or more races . 1.75 % of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race .
There were 19,262 households , out of which 40.30 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 63.30 % were married couples living together , 10.60 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 22.00 % were non-families . 19.00 % of all households were made up of individuals , and 7.60 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older . The average household size was 2.71 and the average family size was 3.09 .
In the county , the population was spread out , with 28.70 % under the age of 18 , 8.00 % from 18 to 24 , 30.90 % from 25 to 44 , 21.90 % from 45 to 64 , and 10.40 % who were 65 years of age or older . The median age was 35 years . For every 100 females , there were 96.80 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 93.50 males .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 40,314 , and the median income for a family was $ 46,173 . Males had a median income of $ 32,451 versus $ 22,897 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 17,397 . About 8.10 % of families and 10.50 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 12.20 % of those under age 18 and 13.60 % of those age 65 or over .
Government
Over the past few election cycles , Lonoke County has trended heavily towards the Republican party . The last Democrat ( as of 2020 ) to carry the county was Bill Clinton in 1996 .
Communities
Cities
Austin
Cabot
Carlisle
England
Humnoke
Lonoke ( county seat )
Ward
Towns
Allport
Coy
Keo
Census-designated place
Scott
Townships
Butler
Carlisle ( Carlisle )
Caroline ( Austin , small part of Cabot , part of Ward )
Cleveland
Crooked Creek ( Allport , Humnoke )
Dortch ( CDP Scott )
Eagle
Fletcher
Furlow
Goodrum
Gray
Gum Woods ( England )
Hamilton
Indian Bayou ( Coy )
Isbell
Lafayette ( Keo )
Lonoke ( Lonoke )
Magness ( part of Cabot )
Oak Grove ( small part of Cabot )
Pettus
Prairie
Pulaski
Richwoods
Scott
Totten
Walls
Ward ( part of Ward )
Williams
York ( most of Cabot )
See also
List of dry counties in Arkansas
List of counties in Arkansas
List of lakes in Lonoke County , Arkansas
National Register of Historic Places listings in Lonoke County , Arkansas
References
External links
Lonoke County Sheriff 's Office
1873 establishments in Arkansas
Little Rock–North Little Rock–Conway metropolitan area
Populated places established in 1873
RC Vannes ( ) is a French rugby union club based in Vannes currently competing in Pro D2 . Founded in , they play in the Stade de la Rabine and traditionally wear blue and white jerseys .
The team usually competed in the third tier of French rugby , Fédérale 1 . During the 2015–16 season , they beat RC Massy during the Fédérale 1 promotion semi-finals automatically accessing to the 2016–17 Pro D2 , an historical reach for a Breton rugby team .
Current standings
Current squad
The Vannes squad for the 2021–22 season is :
Notable former players
See also
List of rugby union clubs in France
References
External links
Official website
Vannes
Sport in Vannes
Catan Historical Scenarios II : Troy and Great Wall ( ) was the second Historical Scenario expansion to the Settlers of Catan game , released in 2001 by Kosmos , though other distributors have redistributed this with a rules translation ( such as the English-language Mayfair Games ) . Both scenarios are designed for four or six players ; six-player play requires the Settlers 5-6 player extension .
The Historical Scenarios were expansions in the sense that parts from Settlers were required to complete the game equipment pieces - otherwise , it was an entirely self-contained game where the Settlers game mechanics were applied to historical situations ; the historical scenarios were , to some extent , the precursors to the Catan Histories series of games . Like Settlers itself , the game was played to a certain number of victory points , though each scenario had a fixed board and had unique mechanics all its own .
Troy
In Troy , players play on a hex map of the area near Greece and Troy during the Trojan war . At the start of the game , each player draws a Decision Card at random , which is to be kept secret . The Decision Card determines whether they will assist Greece or Troy in their endeavor to win the war .
During a player 's turn , in addition to trading and expanding as per the base game , they may attempt to put up to three resources face down into a `` support row '' . Each donation will earn the player one trade token . When the support row grows to a sufficient size , a battle occurs . Of the five resources in the game , two award points to Greece while two others award points to Troy ( the fifth resource does not contribute to either side ) . The side with the plurality of the resources wins the battle , and one victory point is awarded to the backers of the winning side ( if the battle is a draw , no points are awarded ) . Victories awarded to Greece and Troy are kept on a scoring track on the board - players do not disclose which side they back until the end of the game .
Trade tokens may be used to build ships ( which , unlike Catan : Seafarers are not road extensions out to sea , but instead are played in the middle of hexes ) . Each ship may be deployed from a coastal settlement or city , and give the player certain advantages , such as immediately awarding victory points , or allowing the player to take or replace cards from the support row once per turn . However , every time a ship is built or a 7 is rolled , a pirate is moved . The pirate , like the robber , may take resources from the owner of a coastal settlement or ship that is located at its new destination . If the pirate is moved to a space with a ship , the ship 's owner may no longer use the privilege granted by the ship .
The game ends when any player has 15 victory points , or is leading when either Greece or Troy wins six battles . Trade tokens are used to resolve ties in victory points .
Great Wall
In Great Wall , each player takes the role of a Chinese general attempting to strengthen the Great Wall of China from Hun invasion . At the start of each game , players take one of the locations along the wall , as well as build their initial settlements ( so that each player starts with three settlements ) .
During a player 's turn , they may choose to expand as normal , but can also improve their section along the wall in an attempt to repel Hun invasion . Every time a settlement is built or upgraded , a Hun token is placed and deployed to a specified `` assembly hex '' on the token . On a subsequent turn , whenever the dice are rolled , Huns may be moved from assembly hexes to attack hexes , which run along the wall ( though no attack hex may have more than 5 Huns ) . Each of the attack hexes border a player 's section of the wall - whenever there are more Huns than the relative strength of the wall ( i.e . number of wall improvements built ) , the Great Wall is breached .
Whenever the Great Wall is breached , the Hun tokens are placed in the Chinese interior hexes , which no longer produce resources . The player responsible for the breach is given one Minus token ( penalizing the player one victory point ) , and one wall improvement is removed . The Great Wall may be breached multiple times at the same location .
Although there is no robber , there is a pirate in Great Wall , which merely disables the use of harbors along the coast . However , the player moving the pirate may take a card from any player . Whenever a Knight card is played , the player may choose to take two Knight actions , which include removing Hun chips in the Chinese interior , moving Huns between assembly hexes , or moving the pirate .
The game ends whenever one player reaches 10 victory points , although the players can lose as a group by allowing too many breaches and exhausting the supply of Minus tokens .
Board games introduced in 2001
Catan
Faizul Islam ( born 6 September 1986 in Khulna ) is a Bangladeshi former first-class cricketer active 2003–2006 who played for Barisal Division . He was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm fast medium pace bowler .
References
1986 births
Living people
Bangladeshi cricketers
Khulna Division cricketers
Justin Goudot ( 1802 – c. 1850 ) was a French explorer , and naturalist collector .
Goudot was born in Jura , France . He was attached to the Muséum national d'histoire naturelle in Paris as a collector naturalist . From 1822 to 1842 he was charged by the New Granada government with founding scientific institutions .
From 1828 Goudot began collecting bird skins for the Paris museum which held what was then world 's largest bird collection . He also collected mammals , reptiles , molluscs , insects and other invertebrates as well as botanical material . He returned to France in December 1842 , and between 1843 and 1846 published a series of papers on the flora and fauna of Colombia . After 1848 he again visited Colombia , where he died around 1850 .
The shining-green hummingbird ( Lepidopyga goudoti ) was named in his honour by Jules Bourcier , and René-Primevère Lesson named the sickle-winged guan ( Chamaepetes goudotii ) for him . Diptera collected by Goudot were described by Pierre-Justin-Marie Macquart .
A species of snake , Leptotyphlops goudotii , were named in his honour by André Marie Constant Duméril and Gabriel Bibron .
References
Further reading
Edited Laboratoire , 1981 Histoire et nature : Cahiers de l ' Association pour l ' Histoire des Sciences de la Nature Paris , Laboratoire d'Ethnobotanique .
19th-century French botanists
French explorers
French naturalists
1845 deaths
Year of birth uncertain
1802 births
National Museum of Natural History ( France ) people
George I of Pomerania ( ; 11 April 1493 – 10 May 1531 ) was a Duke of Pomerania from the House of Griffins .
Life
George was the eldest son of Duke Bogislaw X of Pomerania and his second wife Anna of Poland , a daughter of King Casimir IV of Poland . He was named after his uncle and godfather , Duke Georg the Bearded of Saxony , who had married the younger sister of George 's mother . As a child , George spent time at the court of his uncle and godfather in Saxony , which resulted in a lifetime friendship .
George essentially continued the policies of his father . He worked energetically on limiting the power of the cities and the nobility . He pursued a policy of limiting the suzerainty of Brandenburg . In 1493 he concluded with Elector John Cicero the Treaty of Pyritz by which Pomerania was to gain imperial immediacy within the Holy Roman Empire , of the same rank as Brandenburg , which again received the succession in Pomerania once the ducal house would become extinct in the male line . However , when - unlike as expected - the duke successfully procreated - John Cicero intrigued against Pomerania gaining imperial recognition as imperial estate .
After he and his brother Barnim IX took up government jointly , George showed an interest in the efforts of the Reformation , yet he personally remained faithful to the Catholic church . George was introduced to government by his father at an early age . In 1520 he was already active at the court of Emperor Charles V and participated in the Diet of Worms in 1521 and the Diet of Nuremberg in 1523 .
When in 1524 a military conflict threatened with Brandenburg , George crafted an alliance with King Sigismund I of Poland , which was directed against Brandenburg and Duke Albert of Prussia and against the followers of the Reformation . Nevertheless , he failed to suppress the Reformation in his country ; he could in the end only steer it onto moderate tracks .
After the Diet of Speyer in 1526 he tried to approach Brandenburg . Due to Brandenburg claims and the refusal of the Pomeranian estates to cooperate , the negotiations took until 1529 . In the meantime , Brandenburg once again threatened to resolve the conflict using its military . But on 26 August 1529 , a compromise was struck , the Treaty of Grimnitz , with Elector Joachim I of Brandenburg thanks to the mediation of the Dukes Eric I of Brunswick-Göttingen-Calenberg and Henry the Younger of Brunswick-Wolfenbüttel . George would marry Joachim 's daughter Margaret of Brandenburg and Brandenburg would recognise Pomerania 's imperial immediacy .
Domestically , a dispute with his brother Barnim IX , who wanted to divide the country , began after the Treaty of Grimnitz had been ratified . A large part of the Estates backed Barnim because they feared that once George had resolved the dispute with Brandenburg , he would turn his efforts against the reformation , and also because they were hoping that Barnim might be easier to influence than George . The situation changed somewhat after George died , aged 38 , at Stettin , as his son and successor Philip I , joined the Reformation . Nevertheless , the country was split into Pomerania-Wolgast ( ruled by Philip I ) and Pomerania-Szczecin ( ruled by Barnim IX ) .
Marriages and issue
George I was married twice . In his first marriage , he married Amalie ( 1490–1524 ) , daughter of Elector Palatine Philip and Margaret of Bavaria . They had the following children :
Bogislaw XI ( 1514–1514 )
Philip I ( 1515–1560 ) married to Maria of Saxony
Margaret ( 1518–1569 ) , married Duke Ernest III of Brunswick-Grubenhagen
His second wife was Margarete of Brandenburg ( 1511–1577 ) , daughter of Elector Joachim of Brandenburg and Elizabeth of Denmark . They had one daughter :
Georgia ( 1531–1574 ) , married Count Stanislaus Latalski of Labischin
Ancestors
References
External links
www.ruegenwalde.com
genealogie-mittelalter.de
Dukes of Pomerania
Pomeranian nobility
1493 births
1531 deaths
16th-century German people
Fukuoka ( ) is a 2020 South Korean drama film written and directed by Korean-Chinese filmmaker Zhang Lü and stars Kwon Hae-hyo , Yoon Je-moon and Park So-dam .
It premiered at the 70th Berlin International Film Festival in February 2020 .
Plot
Je-moon and Hae-hyo were good friends in college but fell out after falling in love with the same girl , Soon-yi . Now 28 years later and approaching middle age , his memory of his college days starts to haunt him frequently . One day , a strange girl , So-dam , appears and urges him to look for Hae-hyo , who lives in Japan .
Cast
Kwon Hae-hyo as Hae-hyo
Yoon Je-moon as Je-moon
Park So-dam as So-dam
Yamamoto Yuki as Yuki
References
External links
2020 films
2020s Korean-language films
2020 drama films
South Korean drama films
Films directed by Zhang Lu
Films set in Fukuoka
Films shot in Fukuoka
Schinia cumatilis , the silver-banded gem , is a moth of the family Noctuidae . The species was first described by Augustus Radcliffe Grote in 1865 . It is found from the Southwestern United States into Southern Canada .
The wingspan is about 24–27 mm .
The larvae feed on Artemisia frigida .
References
Schinia
Moths of North America
Moths described in 1865
Taxa named by Augustus Radcliffe Grote
Fort Phantom Hill is a United States Army installation located ain Jones County , Texas . The fort was active from 1852 to 1853 and again from 1856 until the 1890s . The fort was first established in 1852 as part of a line of forts in Texas intended to protect migrants traveling to California .
Use as military outpost
Fort McKavett was established during the American colonization of Texas , a process that began in the 1820s with the immigration of Anglo-Americans into Spanish , later Mexican , Texas .
After existing as an independent republic for a decade , Texas was annexed by the United States of America in 1845 , which led to the start of the Mexican-American War the next year . The United States defeated Mexico , and in the treaty that ended the war in 1848 annexed what is presently the Southwestern United States . The next year , gold was discovered in California , enticing an unprecedented number of white migrants to go west , across Texas . To protect them , the US Army established a line of forts in Texas long from Fort Worth to Fort Duncan in 1848–49 . In 1851 , General Persifor Frazer Smith , commander of the Department of Texas , inspected those posts and ordered that a second line of forts be established farther west . The forts of that line – Belknap , Chadbourne , Clark , Mason , McKavett , Phantom Hill , and Terrett – were established between June 24 , 1851 , and November 18 , 1852 , along the trails through Texas .
First occupation by the US Army , 1851–59
The post was established on November 14 , 1851 by five companies of the 5th Infantry under Brevet Lt . Colonel John Joseph Abercrombie and just a year later was transformed into a well-organized and thoroughly developed post . Henry Hopkins Sibley assumed command on September 24 , 1853 .
Conditions continued to be difficult for people at the fort , and in November 1853 , approval was given for the military to abandon the fort . Shortly after the troops left on April 6 , 1854 , fire destroyed most of the log walls and thatch roofs of the buildings that made up this large and complex five-company post on the Texas frontier . Several stone buildings , stone chimneys , and the stone building foundations remain intact today . A watercolor by J.B. Miller in the Center for American History in Austin shows Fort Phantom Hill as it was before the fire .
In 1858 , the property was reoccupied as a way station ( No . 54 ) on the Southern Overland Mail route , Butterfield Stagecoach , at the abandoned fort until 1861 .
Use by Confederate Texas , 1861–65
Fort Phantom Hill was used again during the Civil War by the Confederacy 's Frontier Battalion , and after the Civil War , in 1871 , it became a subpost of Fort Griffin ( near Albany , Texas ) during the Indian campaigns . Other forts in the frontier fort system , besides these two , were Forts Concho , Belknap , Chadbourne , Stockton , Davis , Bliss , McKavett , Clark , McIntosh , Inge , and Richardson in Texas , and Fort Sill in Oklahoma . Some `` subposts or intermediate stations '' include Bothwick 's Station on Salt Creek between Fort Richardson and Fort Belknap , Camp Wichita near Buffalo Springs between Fort Richardson and Red River Station , and Mountain Pass between Fort Concho and Fort Griffin .
Subsequent use
After 1875 , a town grew up around the ruins of Fort Phantom Hill . The location functioned first as a buying and shipping point for buffalo hides and eventually as a town of more than 500 residents . Census records in 1880 show more than 546 people living at the fort , which had a hotel and the staples of most West Texas towns .
Fort Phantom Hill also served briefly as the Jones County seat , although residents later moved it to the community of Anson . By the 1890s , Fort Phantom Hill was largely abandoned .
Preservation
The Fort Phantom Hill property has been owned by the family of Abilene resident John Guitar since he purchased it in 1928 . Mr . Guitar 's grandson , Jim Alexander of Abilene , purchased the property in 1969 . In 1997 , Mr. Alexander deeded the property to the Fort Phantom Foundation to help assure its long-term preservation and to make it more accessible to the public .
Today , Fort Phantom Hill is one of the most pristine historic sites in Texas . Besides the stone chimneys , other remnants of the developed fort remain for visitors to explore at the site . These include an intact stone powder magazine , a stone guardhouse , and an almost-intact commissary or warehouse .
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Jones County , Texas
Texas Forts Trail
Forts of Texas
References
Sources
Books and articles
Texas State Historical Association
External links
Reservoirs in Texas
Phantom Hill
Protected areas of Jones County , Texas
Phantom Hill
Butterfield Overland Mail in Texas
Texas in the American Civil War
Buildings and structures in Jones County , Texas
Landforms of Jones County , Texas
National Register of Historic Places in Jones County , Texas
Stagecoach stops in the United States
The women 's triple jump event at the 2022 African Championships in Athletics was held on 12 June in Port Louis , Mauritius .
Results
References
2022 African Championships in Athletics
Triple jump at the African Championships in Athletics
Donat Roy Mittoo ( 3 March 1948 – 16 December 1990 ) , better known as Jackie Mittoo , was a Jamaican-Canadian keyboardist , songwriter and musical director . He was a member of The Skatalites and musical director of the Studio One record label .
Upon hearing of Mittoo 's death , Coxsone Dodd commented `` He was an ambassador of our music worldwide ... there can be no doubt . Read the legacy this young man has left behind . May his name be remembered and his music live on . ''
Biography
Mittoo , of partial Indo-Jamaican descent , was born in Brown 's Town , Saint Ann Parish , Jamaica , and began learning to play the piano when he was three under the tutelage of his grandmother .
In the 1960s , he was a member of The Skatalites , The Sheiks , The Soul Brothers , The Soul Vendors and Sound Dimension . Mittoo 's compositions in this period included `` Darker Shade of Black '' , `` Feel Like Jumping '' , and `` Baby Why '' . He played with Lloyd `` Matador '' Daley in 1968 and 1969 .
In the mid-1970s , he emigrated to Toronto , Ontario , Canada . There he recorded three albums , Wishbone ( Summus ) , Reggae Magic ( CTL ) and Let 's Put It All Together ( CTL ) . He also set up the Stine-Jac record label , as well as running a record store .
In 1970 , his song `` Peanie Wallie '' was reworked into a song called `` Duppy Conqueror '' and recorded by The Wailers . Mittoo 's song `` Wishbone '' was a hit in 1971 . He performed in local Toronto lounges throughout the 1970s . Mittoo assisted Toronto-area reggae musicians , including Earth , Roots and Water , Esso Jaxxon ( R. Zee Jackson ) , Carl Harvey , Lord Tanamo , Boyo Hammond , Carl Otway , The Sattalites , Jackie James and Jason Wilson . Mittoo continued to record for Jamaican producers in the 1970s , mostly Bunny Lee . He co-wrote `` Armagideon Time '' ( later recorded by The Clash ) with Willi Williams , released in 1980 .
In the 1980s , he often worked with Sugar Minott . In 1985 , he travelled to Ghana with British band Musical Youth , and while there recorded tracks that would later be released on the album Jackie Mittoo in Africa . In 1989 , he briefly rejoined The Skatalites , but left when his health started to deteriorate . In 1989 and 1990 , he recorded Wild Jockey for Lloyd Barnes ' Wackies label .
Mittoo entered a hospital on 12 December 1990 and died of cancer on 16 December at the age of 42 . His funeral was held at the National Arena in Kingston , Jamaica , on 2 January 1991 . Hortense Ellis , Neville 'Tinga ' Stewart , Desmond `` Desi Roots '' Young , Ruddy Thomas , Tommy Cowan and Clement `` Coxsone '' Dodd were among the attendees . A memorial concert was held around the same time , with performances by Vin Gordon , Leroy `` Horsemouth '' Wallace , Glen 'Bagga ' Fagan , Pablo Black , Robbie Lyn , Michael `` Ibo '' Cooper , Ken Boothe , Delroy Wilson , Carlene Davis , Tinga Stewart and others .
His 1966 song , `` Free Soul '' with The Soul Brothers was interplayed in the 2006 Lily Allen song , `` Smile '' .
In 2013 , Mittoo was referenced by Superchunk in their song `` Me & You & Jackie Mittoo '' from their album I Hate Music .
Discography
Albums
Jackie Mittoo in London ( Coxsone , 1967 )
Evening Time ( Coxsone , 1968 ) – with The Soul Vendors
Keep on Dancing ( Coxsone , 1969 )
Jackie Mittoo Now ( Studio One , 1970 ) ( also released on Bamboo label )
Macka Fat ( Studio One , 1970 )
Wishbone ( Summus , 1971 )
Reggae Magic ( Studio One , 1972 ) ( also released on Canadian Talent Library label )
Let 's Put It All Together ( United Artists # LA442-G , 1975 ) ( also released on Birchmount label )
Showcase ( Studio One , 1976 )
Hot Blood ( Third World , 1977 )
Showcase Volume 3 ( Abraham , 1977 ) ( also released as The Jackie Mittoo Showcase on Sonic Sounds label )
In Cold Blood ( Third World , 1978 ) ( also released on Justice label )
The Keyboard King ( Third World , 1978 ) ( also released on Weed Beat label )
Anthology of Reggae Collectors Series , Vol . 4 ( United Artists # LA804-H , 1978 )
The moneymakers ( A Jackie Mittoo Music Production , 1979 )
Stepping Tiger ( Rite Sound Inc. , 1979 )
Wild Jockey ( Wackies , 1989 ) ( also released as Jackie Mittoo At Wackies on Alpha Enterprise label )
Compilations
The Original ( Third World , 1978 )
Moving Away ( Live And Love , 1979 ) – with Jah Stitch
Play Hits From Studio One And More ( Rhino , 1991 ) – with Winston Wright
Love And Harmony ( Rhino , 1994 ) – with Jah Stitch ( reissue of Moving Away )
Tribute To Jackie Mittoo ( Heartbeat , 1995 )
Keyboard Legend ( Sonic Sounds , 1995 )
Jackie Mittoo in Africa ( Quartz , 1997 )
Showcase : Striker Lee ( Culture Press , 1997 )
The Keyboard King at Studio One ( Universal Sound , 2000 )
Drum Song ( Attack , 2003 )
Last Train To Skaville ( Soul Jazz Records , 2003 ) – with The Soul Brothers
Champion In The Arena 1976–1977 ( Blood and Fire , 2003 ) ( reissue of Showcase Volume 3 with bonus tracks )
Jackie Mittoo Featuring Winston Wright At King Tubbys ( Attack , 2004 ) – with Winston Wright
Jah Rock Style ( Grooving with the Keyboard King 1976–1978 ) ( Trojan , 2005 )
Jackie Mittoo Rides On ( Jamaican Recordings , 2008 )
Featured guest appearance
The Peacemaker 's Chauffeur by Jason Wilson ( Wheel Records , 2008 )
Other ...
Jackie is credited with playing `` additional keyboards '' on three tracks from Labour of Love by UB40 ( Virgin , 1983 )
References
External links
A Tribute to Jackie Mittoo at the Jamaica Observer
An illustrated Jackie Mittoo discography
JACKIE MITTOO : Champion In The Arena ( in French )
1948 births
1990 deaths
Jamaican songwriters
Jamaican pianists
The Skatalites members
Jamaican reggae musicians
Jamaican ska musicians
People from Saint Ann Parish
Deaths from cancer in Ontario
20th-century pianists
Jamaican emigrants to Canada
Canadian reggae musicians
Black Canadian musicians
Rocksteady musicians
An optical printer is a device consisting of one or more film projectors mechanically linked to a movie camera . It allows filmmakers to re-photograph one or more strips of film . The optical printer is used for making special effects for motion pictures , or for copying and restoring old film material .
Common optical effects include fade outs and fade ins , dissolves , slow motion , fast motion , and matte work . More complicated work can involve dozens of elements , all combined into a single scene .
History
The first commercially available , although not mass produced , optical printer appeared in 1927 and was called the Depue & Vance Daylight Optical Printer . It was mainly used to reduce standard prints to 16mm and allowed for operation without a darkroom except from loading the positive film magazine . In 1918 , the cinematographer Carl Gregory came upon a printer made by G. J. Badgley of New York , designed to produce copies of a standard film using domestic size film stock . Realizing the potential for news productions and special effects , he started designing his own optical printer meant for movie effects . Finished in 1928 , and built by Fred A. Barber , it could be used in 16 different ways , like alongside fades , superimposition and multiple exposures . Linwood G. Dunn expanded the concept in the 1930s
by creating an optical printer that eliminated the necessity to create optical effects in the camera , and which was used in King Kong . These first optical printers had to be individually developed by each movie studio . During World War II he was commissioned by the United States armed forces ' photographic units to design an optical printer that could be ordered as a stock item like a camera . Named the Acme-Dunn optical printer , it had several new features compared to its predecessors , but was not made commercially available for the movie industry before after the war . Development continued well into the 1980s , when the printers were now controlled using minicomputers . Prime examples of optical printing work include the matte work in Star Wars ( 1977 ) , RoboCop ( 1987 ) and The Addams Family ( 1991 ) . The film Who Framed Roger Rabbit ( 1988 ) involved over 1,000 shots that required optical printers , due to the film 's combination of live action and cartoon elements . Some shots , such as those featuring Jessica Rabbit , involved as many as thirty layers of film .
At Lucasfilm , the Graphics Group was working to come up with a digital version of the optical printer . They invented the Pixar Image Computer , which could both handle digital compositing and simulate analog effects , while David DiFrancesco developed a laser scanner that could transfer the images from the computer to film .
In the late 80s , the digital compositing had begun to supplant optical effects . By the mid-nineties , computer graphics had evolved to rival and surpass what was possible with optical printers , and many now consider optical printing all but obsolete . Improvements in film scanners and recorders allow for a complete feature film to be processed by computers , have special effects applied , and then be processed back to film .
Today , optical printing is mostly used as an artistic tool by experimental filmmakers , for educational purposes , or for photochemical ( as opposed to digital ) film restoration . As a technique , it is particularly useful for making copies of hand painted or physically manipulated film .
Artifacts
As in any analog process , every re-printing degrades the picture , just like a photocopy of a photocopy . Properly performed contact printing generally creates less degradation provided that the contact between the negative and the print film is perfect . Optical printing can emphasize the grain structure and any imperfections in the negative . Also , since a new , different piece of film was exposed and printed , matching the exact colors of the original was a problem . Often the printer work was limited to only the parts of a dissolve needing the effect . The original footage was spliced mid-shot with the optically-printed portion , often resulting in an obvious change in image quality when the transition occurs .
Other problematic artifacts depend on the effect attempted , most often alignment inaccuracies in matte work . For this reason , shots intended to be manipulated via optical printer were often shot on larger film formats than the rest of the project . Otherwise obsolete formats , such as VistaVision , remained in use for many years after they had been abandoned for the conventional shooting of scenes because their larger frame size provided greater clarity , reduced grain size when reprinted and any alignment problems were not as conspicuous .
Restoration printing
Optical printers have often been used in the recovery of older , damaged film stock . This includes the 1989 restoration of Intolerance ( 1916 ) .
Scratches , abrasions , cinch marks caused by rewinding a film too tightly , and other blemishes are a common problem with films that are candidates for restoration . Most of these scratches are in the back side of the film in the transparent substrate that forms the film base , rather than in the photographic emulsion on the front that holds the film 's actual image . In the normal process of duplicating a film in an optical printer , collimated light passes through the film base on its way to illuminate the emulsion . Any scratches , abrasions , etc. , in the film base cause the light to bend such that the duplicated film ends up with bright or dark ( depending on whether copying from a negative or positive original ) copies of the scratches . This bending of the light is being caused by the difference in the refraction index of the substrate and the air .
If these scratches and abrasions can be prevented from being captured on the new print , it eliminates one entire area of restoration work . Three methods address this problem . First , one can simply enlarge the portion of the film not damaged . This mainly has application where the damage is confined to the edges .
The second method is wet-gate printing . The `` gate '' in a projector is the apparatus that holds the film in place as each frame is shown . A wet gate is filled with a fluid that coats the film as it is fed through , constantly replenishing the fluid as needed .
Wet gate printing eliminates the refraction itself by filling in the gouges in the substrate with a fluid such as perchloroethene that shares approximately the same refractive index as the substrate . With the fluid temporarily displacing the air in the scratches and abrasions , refraction simply no longer occurs , so the defects are not reflected on the new copy . The light used is fully collimated , as with standard optical printing , and the film is undamaged by the process . This method does not work if the scratches on the emulsion side are deep enough to have removed some of the silver or dye image in the original film .
The third method involves inserting a diffusion filter in the path from the collimated light source to the film . It can eliminate the projection of small defects on the back side of the film onto the new copy because the light , rather than arriving at the back of the film in perfect parallel lines , instead enters the scratch from several directions . It is therefore still diffuse when it exits , ensuring an image of the scratch will not show up as strongly on the new print . ( Only the desired image on the surface of the emulsion ends up being captured in focus . ) This method results in the most finely-focused capture of the original . However , it can not remove deep scratches , and is thus less effective than wet gate printing .
See also
Bipack
Rear projection
Schüfftan process
Special effect
Traveling matte
References
Special effects
Gerardo Castañeda ( 8 December 1925 – 28 September 1989 ) was a Guatemalan former sports shooter . He competed in the 50 metre pistol event at the 1968 Summer Olympics . He also served as an army colonel .
References
1925 births
1989 deaths
Guatemalan male sport shooters
Olympic shooters of Guatemala
Shooters at the 1968 Summer Olympics
People from Santa Rosa Department , Guatemala
The is an archaeological site consisting of a shell midden and the remains of an adjacent Jōmon period settlement located in the Narutaki-chō neighborhood the city of Wakayama , Wakayama Prefecture in the Kansai region of Japan . The midden was designated a National Historic Site of Japan in 1931 .
Overview
During the early to middle Jōmon period ( approximately 4000 to 2500 BC ) , sea levels were five to six meters higher than at present , and the ambient temperature was also 2 deg C higher . During this period , the Kansai region was inhabited by the Jōmon people , many of whom lived in coastal settlements . The middens associated with such settlements contain bone , botanical material , mollusc shells , sherds , lithics , and other artifacts and ecofacts associated with the now-vanished inhabitants , and these features , provide a useful source into the diets and habits of Jōmon society . Most of the shell middens are found along the Pacific coast of Japan .
The Narutaki Shell Midden is the first shell midden to have been discovered in the Kansai region of Japan in 1895 . It is located at the western foot of Mount Hana , extending into paddy fields on the plain below the mountain , and is a rare example of a shell midden in the Kansai region of Japan . Archaeological excavations have found that the midden extends 110 meters east-to-west by 100 meters north-to-south , making it the largest in the prefecture . The shell layer had a thickness of around 30-centimeters and is buried at a depth of around 1.7 meters below the present ground level . It was found to contain many stone tools and stone axes , tools made from deer bone and stingray spines , stone or clay earrings and bracelets , and many of marine shellfish such as ark shells , oysters , Sazae clams , shijimi clans and hamaguri clams and the bones of fish , deer , wild boar and monkeys . The skeleton of a woman was also uncovered . It is speculated that she may have been a shaman , as she was buried with her arms outstretched , and she was missing both upper canine teeth .
The site is about 15-minutes on foot from Nichizengū Station on the Wakayama Electric Railway Kishigawa Line .
See also
List of Historic Sites of Japan ( Wakayama )
References
External links
Cultural Properties of Wakayama City
Wakayama ( city )
Jōmon period
Shell middens in Japan
Archaeological sites in Japan
History of Wakayama Prefecture
Historic Sites of Japan
The Orangerie is an Orangery in Kassel , Hesse , Germany . It was built under Landgrave Charles between 1703 and 1711 . Since then , it forms the northern corner of the Karlsaue park . Today it is used as an astronomy and physical cabinet .
History
The ground of the Orangerie was an old garden , in which Landgrave William IV built a small summer house . His successor , Landgrave Moritz redesigned the garden in the 17th century . The baroque castle of today was designed and built by the architect Johann Conrad Giesler in 1702 , who worked on the court of the landgrave . The main building is 139.40 meters long . The marble bath ( Marmorbad ) was designed by Pierre-Étienne Monnot and is shown as a separate museum today .
In World War II , the Orangerie was damaged and later repaired to host the federal garden show 1955 . After the show the building was restored and transformed into the astronomy and physical cabinet with planetarium ; in 1996 an astronomical garden was added .
During the documenta 12 , the space in front of the Orangerie was used for the exhibition , which included a temporary 9,500 square meter halls named Auepavillon .
Kassel
Museumslandschaft Hessen Kassel
Georg Kreisler ( 18 July 1922 – 22 November 2011 ) was an Austrian–American Viennese-language cabarettist , satirist , composer , and author . He was particularly popular in the 1950s and 1960s . From 2007 he lived in Salzburg , Austria , with his fourth wife , . He died there on 22 November 2011 `` after a severe infection , '' according to his wife Barbara .
Life
Kreisler went to high school in Vienna , where he studied music theory , and learned to play violin and piano . In 1938 , he was forced to flee with his parents due to increasing Nazi restrictions on Jews . In 1941 , he married Philine Hollaender , daughter of Friedrich Hollaender and Blandine Ebinger . In 1943 , he became an American citizen . He enlisted in the Army , trained at Camp Ritchie , and was stationed in Europe . He wrote songs for soldiers in Britain and France with the help of Marcel Prawy . After the war , he went to Hollywood and worked on movies with Charlie Chaplin . He performed at nightclubs and bars to make ends meet . In 1947 , he was rejected by the record companies because his songs were `` un-American '' , especially songs with titles such as `` Please Shoot Your Husband '' . In 1955 , he returned to Europe , first to Vienna , then Munich in 1958 , Berlin in 1976 , Salzburg in 1988 , Basel in 1992 , and back to Salzburg in 2007 . He died at the age of 89 in 2011 .
Style
Kreisler is considered a master of language . His songs are characterized by black humour and uncompromising criticism of society and politics . This caused him many difficulties and also contributed to appearance prohibitions in radio and television .
Despite producing several hundred original songs Kreisler may occasionally have used ideas and material from other artists in his work . His song `` '' shows strong similarities to Tom Lehrer 's `` I Hold Your Hand in Mine '' , first recorded by Lehrer in 1953 on the album Songs by Tom Lehrer . Lehrer 's recording predates by several years any documented recording or performance of that song by Kreisler as well as Kreisler 's return to performance in German-speaking countries in 1955 . Kreisler 's `` '' ( first released as `` '' ) has strong similarities to Lehrer 's `` Poisoning Pigeons in the Park '' . Kreisler and Lehrer each deny copying from the other ; so far no one has succeeded in establishing which song was written first . Kreisler 's `` '' appears to be related to the Abe Burrows song `` The Girl with the Three Blue Eyes '' ( first recording 1950 ) . Kreisler 's song `` Bidla Buh '' ( first recorded in the 1950s ) appears to be related to the Rodgers and Hart number `` To Keep My Love Alive '' composed in 1943 .
References
External links
`` Kreisler , Georg '' at Hamburg University ( May 4 , 2015 ; in German )
1922 births
2011 deaths
20th-century Austrian male singers
Jewish singers
Kabarettists
Austrian male composers
Austrian lyricists
Austrian comedians
Austrian satirists
Jewish composers
Jewish Austrian comedians
Jewish American writers
Jewish emigrants from Austria to the United States after the Anschluss
Musicians from Vienna
Jewish American comedians
21st-century American Jews
Jewish Austrian writers
Klaus Rainer Scherer ( born 1943 ) is former Professor of Psychology and director of the Swiss Center for Affective Sciences in Geneva . He is a specialist in the psychology of emotion .
He is known for editing the Handbook of Affective Sciences and several other influential articles on emotions , expression , personality and music .
He is also a founding editor of the APA journal Emotion .
The Component Process Model
The Component Process Model ( CPM ) is Scherer 's major theory of emotions . It regards emotions as the synchronisation of many different cognitive and physiological components . Emotions are identified with the overall process whereby low level cognitive appraisals , in particular the processing of relevance , trigger bodily reactions , behaviours and subjective feelings .
Major publications
Research monographs and books
Nonverbale Kommunikation . ( 1970 ) : Buske .
Human Aggression and Conflict . ( 1972 ) Prentice Hall ( transl . German , Italian ) .
Die Streßreaktion ( 1985 ) Hogrefe .
Experiencing emotion . ( 1986 ) Cambridge UP .
Facets of emotion . ( 1988 ) . Erlbaum .
Edited or co-edited books
Nonverbale Kommunikation ( 1979 ) . Beltz .
Social markers in speech ( 1979 ) . Cambridge UP .
Handbook of methods in nonverbal behavior research . ( 1982 ) . Cambridge UP .
Vokale Kommunikation ( 1982 ) . Beltz .
Advances in the social psychology of language . ( 1982 ) . Cambridge UP .
Approaches to emotion ( 1984 ) Erlbaum .
Psychobiologie ( 1987 ) dtv .
Psychobiologie ( 1988 ) Fischer .
Les émotions ( 1989 ) Delachaux & Niestlé .
Enzyklopädie der Psychologie . Psychologie der Emotion ( 1990 ) Hogrefe .
Justice : An interdisciplinary perspective ( 1992 ) Cambridge UP .
Appraisal processes in emotion : Theory , Methods , Research ( 2001 ) . Oxford UP .
Handbook of Affective Sciences ( 2003 ) . Oxford UP .
The New Handbook of Methods in Nonverbal Behavior Research ( 2005 ) Oxford UP .
Book chapters
Scherer , K. R. ( 1999 ) . Appraisal theories . In T. Dalgleish , & M. Power ( Eds. ) . Handbook of Cognition and Emotion ( pp . 637–663 ) . Chichester : Wiley .
Scherer , K. R. ( 2000 ) . Emotions as episodes of subsystem synchronization driven by nonlinear appraisal processes . In M. D. Lewis & I. Granic ( Eds . ) Emotion , development , and self-organization : Dynamic systems approaches to emotional development ( pp . 70–99 ) . New York/Cambridge : Cambridge University Press .
Scherer , K. R. ( 2000 ) . Psychological models of emotion . In J. Borod ( Ed. ) . The neuropsychology of emotion ( pp . 137–162 ) . Oxford/New York : Oxford University Press .
Scherer , K. R. ( 2001 ) . Appraisal considered as a process of multi-level sequential checking . In K. R. Scherer , A. Schorr , & T. Johnstone ( Eds. ) . Appraisal processes in emotion : Theory , Methods , Research ( pp . 92–120 ) . New York and Oxford : Oxford University Press .
Scherer , K. R. & Zentner , K. R. ( 2001 ) . Emotional effects of music : production rules . In P. N. Juslin & J . A. Sloboda ( Eds ) . Music and emotion : Theory and research ( pp . 361–392 ) . Oxford : Oxford University Press .
Scherer , K. R. & Peper , M. ( 2001 ) . Psychological theories of emotion and neuropsychological research ( ) . In F. Boller & J. Grafman ( Eds. ) . Handbook of Neuropsychology . Vol . 5 ( Emotional behavior and its disorders , ed . G. Gainotti , pp . 17–48 ) . Amsterdam : Elsevier .
Scherer , K. R. , Johnstone , T. & Klasmeyer , G. ( 2003 ) . Vocal expression of emotion . In R. J. Davidson , K. R. Scherer , H. Goldsmith ( Eds. ) . Handbook of the Affective Sciences ( pp . 433–456 ) . New York and Oxford : Oxford University Press .
Scherer , K. R. ( 2004 ) . Feelings integrate the central representation of appraisal-driven response organization in emotion . In A. S. R. Manstead , N. H. Frijda , & A. H. Fischer ( Eds. ) . Feelings and Emotions : The Amsterdam Symposium ( pp . 136–157 ) . Cambridge , Cambridge University Press .
Juslin , P.N . and Scherer , K.R . ( 2005 ) . Vocal expression of affect . In J. Harrigan , R. Rosenthal , & K. Scherer , ( Eds. ) . The New Handbook of Methods in Nonverbal Behavior Research ( pp . 65–135 ) . Oxford University Press , Oxford , UK .
Scherer , K. R. ( 2007 ) . Component Models of Emotion Can Inform the Quest for Emotional Competence . In G . Matthews , M. Zeidner , and R. D. Roberts ( Eds . ) , The Science of Emotional Intelligence : Knowns and Unknowns . ( pp . 101–126 ) . New York : Oxford University Press .
Most frequently cited journal articles 1980–2003
Listed in order of frequency of citation
Scherer , K. R. ( 1986 ) . Vocal affect expression : A review and a model for future research . Psychological Bulletin , 99 , 143-165 .
Asendorpf , J . B. , & Scherer , K. R. ( 1983 ) . The Discrepant Repressor – Journal of Personality and Social Psychology , 45 ( 6 ) , 1334–1346 .
Banse , R. , & Scherer , K. R. ( 1996 ) . Acoustic profiles in vocal emotion expression . Journal of Personality and Social Psychology , 70 ( 3 ) , 614–636 .
Scherer , K. R. , & Wallbott , H. G. ( 1994 ) . Evidence for Universality and Cultural Variation of Differential Emotion Response Patterning . Journal of Personality and Social Psychology 66 ( 2 ) , 310–328 .
Scherer , K. R. ( 1993 ) . Neuroscience Projections . Cognition and Emotion , 7 ( 1 ) , 1–41 .
Scherer , K. R. ( 1993 ) . Studying the Emotion-Antecedent Appraisal Process . Cognition and Emotion , 7 ( 3–4 ) , 325–355 .
Ladd , D. R. , et al . ( 1985 ) . Evidence for the Independent Function of Intonation Contour Type , Voice Quality , and F0 Range in Signaling Speaker Affect . Journal of the Acoustical Society of America , 78 ( 2 ) , 435–444 .
Scherer , K. R. ( 1997 ) . The role of culture in emotion-antecedent appraisal . Journal of Personality and Social Psychology , 73 ( 5 ) , 902–922 .
Scherer , K. R. ( 1978 ) . Personality Inference from Voice Quality . European Journal of Social Psychology , 8 ( 4 ) , 467–487 .
Scherer , K. R. ( 1997 ) . Profiles of emotion-antecedent appraisal : . Cognition and Emotion , 11 ( 2 ) , 113–150 .
Wallbott , H. G. , & Scherer , K. R. ( 1986 ) . Cues and Channels in Emotion Recognition . Journal of Personality and Social Psychology , 51 ( 4 ) , 690–699 .
Scherer , K. R. , et al . ( 1991 ) . Vocal Cues in Emotion Encoding and Decoding . Motivation and Emotion , 15 ( 2 ) , 123–148 .
Mikula , G. , et al . ( 1998 ) . The role of injustice in the elicitation of differential emotional reactions . Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin , 24 ( 7 ) , 769–783 .
Scherer , K. R. ( 2003 ) . Vocal communication of emotion , Speech and Communication , 40 ( 1–2 ) , 227–256 .
Scherer , K. R. , et al . ( 1973 ) . Voice of Confidence – Journal of Research in Personality , 7 ( 1 ) , 31–44 .
Scherer , K. R. , et al . ( 1984 ) . Vocal Cues to Speaker Affect . Journal of the Acoustical Society of America. , 76 ( 5 ) , 1346–1356 .
Scherer , K. R. , & Tannenbaum , P. H. ( 1986 ) . Emotional Experiences in Everyday Life . Motivation and Emotion , 10 ( 4 ) , 295–314 .
Scherer , K. R. , et al . ( 2001 ) . Emotion inferences from vocal expression correlate across languages and cultures . Journal of Cross-Cultural Psychology , 32 ( 1 ) , 76–92 .
Scherer , K. R. ( 1985 ) . Vocal Affect Signaling . Advanced Study of Behaviour , 15 , 189–244 .
Scherer , K. R. ( 1995 ) . Expression of Emotion in Voice and Music . Journal of Voice , 9 ( 3 ) , 235–248 .
Tolkmitt , F. J. , & Scherer , K. R. ( 1986 ) . Effect of Experimentally Induced Stress on Vocal Parameters . Journal of Experimental Psychology and Human Perceptual Performance , 12 ( 3 ) , 302–313 .
Wehrle , T. , et al . ( 2000 ) . Studying the dynamics of emotional expression using synthesized facial muscle movements . Journal of Personality and Social Psychology. , 78 ( 1 ) , 105–119 .
Major articles since 2004
Scherer , K. R. , et al . ( 2004 ) . Beyond Surprise . Emotion , 4 ( 4 ) , 389–402 .
van Reekum , C. , et al . ( 2004 ) . Psychophysiological responses to appraisal responses in a computer game . Cognition and Emotion , 18 ( 5 ) , 663–688 .
Scherer , K. R. ( 2004 ) . Which emotions can be induced by music ? Journal of New Music Research , 33 ( 3 ) , 239–251 .
Johnstone , T. , et al . ( 2005 ) . Affective speech elicited with a computer game . Emotion , 5 ( 4 ) , 513–518 .
Scherer , K. R. ( 2005 ) . `` What are emotions ? And how can they be measured ? '' . Social Science Information. , 44 ( 4 ) , 693–727 .
Sander , D. , et al . ( 2005 ) . A systems approach to appraisal mechanisms in emotion . Neural Networks. , 18 , 317–352 .
Bänziger , T. & Scherer , K. R. ( 2005 ) . The role of intonation in emotional expressions . Speech and Communication. , 46 , 252–267 .
Grandjean , D. , et al . ( 2005 ) . The Voices of Wrath : , Nature Neuroscience. , 8 ( 2 ) , 145–146 .
Sander , D. , et al . ( 2005 ) . Emotion and Attention Interactions in Social Cognition : NeuroImage , 28 ( 4 ) , 848–58 .
Scherer , K. R. , et al . ( 2006 ) . What determines a feeling 's position in three-dimensional affect space ? Cognition . Emotion , 20 ( 1 ) , 92–113 .
Grandjean , D. , et al . ( 2006 ) . Intonation as an interface between language and affect . Progress in Brain Research , 156 , 235–247 .
Scherer , K. R. & , Ellgring , H. ( 2007 ) . Multimodal Expression of Emotion . Emotion , 7 ( 1 ) , 158–171 .
Scherer , K. R. & , Ellgring , H. ( 2007 ) . Are facial expressions of emotion produced by categorical affect programs or dynamically driven by appraisal ? . Emotion , 7 ( 1 , ) 113–130 .
Aue , T. , et al . ( 2007 ) . First evidence for differential and sequential efferent effects of goal relevance and goal conduciveness appraisal . Biological Psychology. , 74 , 347–357 .
Brosch , T. , et al . ( 2007 ) . That baby caught my eye .. Attention capture by infant faces . Emotion , 7 ( 3 ) , 685–689 .
Fontaine , J. et al . ( 2007 ) . The world of emotions is not two-dimensional . Psychological Science , 18 ( 12 ) , 1050–1057 .
Notes and references
External links
CISA Staff Page
Emotion psychologists
Swiss psychologists
Living people
1943 births
German psychologists
20th-century psychologists
21st-century psychologists
Hapi ( Ancient Egyptian : ḥʿpy ) was the god of the annual flooding of the Nile in ancient Egyptian religion . The flood deposited rich silt ( fertile soil ) on the river 's banks , allowing the Egyptians to grow crops . Hapi was greatly celebrated among the Egyptians . Some of the titles of Hapi were `` Lord of the Fish and Birds of the Marshes '' and `` Lord of the River Bringing Vegetation '' . Hapi is typically depicted as an androgynous figure with a prominent belly and large drooping breasts , wearing a loincloth and ceremonial false beard .
Mythology
The annual flooding of the Nile occasionally was said to be the Arrival of Hapi . Since this flooding provided fertile soil in an area that was otherwise desert , Hapi symbolised fertility . He had large female breasts because he was said to bring a rich and nourishing harvest . Due to his fertile nature he was sometimes considered the `` father of the gods '' , and was considered to be a caring father who helped to maintain the balance of the cosmos , the world or universe regarded as an orderly , harmonious system . He was thought to live within a cavern at the supposed source of the Nile near Aswan . The cult of Hapi was mainly located at the First Cataract named Elephantine . His priests were involved in rituals to ensure the steady levels of flow required from the annual flood . At Elephantine the official nilometer , a measuring device , was carefully monitored to predict the level of the flood , and his priests must have been intimately concerned with its monitoring .
Hapi was not regarded as the god of the Nile itself but of the inundation event . He was also considered a `` friend of Geb '' , the Egyptian god of the earth , and the `` lord of Neper '' , the god of grain .
Iconography
Although male and wearing the false beard , Hapi was pictured with pendulous breasts and a large stomach , as representations of the fertility of the Nile . He also was usually given blue or green skin , representing water . Other attributes varied , depending upon the region of Egypt in which the depictions exist . In Lower Egypt , he was adorned with papyrus plants and attended by frogs , present in the region , and symbols of it . Whereas in Upper Egypt , it was the lotus and crocodiles which were more present in the Nile , thus these were the symbols of the region , and those associated with Hapi there . Hapi often was pictured carrying offerings of food or pouring water from an amphora , but also , very rarely , was depicted as a hippopotamus . During the Nineteenth Dynasty Hapi is often depicted as a pair of figures , each holding and tying together the long stem of two plants representing Upper and Lower Egypt , symbolically binding the two halves of the country around a hieroglyph meaning `` union '' . This symbolic representation was often carved at the base of seated statues of the pharaoh .
Egyptian historian Al Maqrizi ( 1364–1442 ) related in his `` El Khutat El Maqrizia ( The Maqrizian Plans ) that living virgins were sacrificed annually as `` brides of the Nile '' ( `` Arous El Nil '' ) and this has been historically accepted as late as the 1970s . but this claim is disputed by some Egyptologists such as Bassam El Shammaa .
Gallery
References
Works cited
Further reading
External links
Hapi , God of the Nile , Fertility , the North and South
Egyptian God - Hapi : Father of the gods
Ancient Egypt : The Mythology - Hapi
Egyptian gods
Sea and river gods
Nature gods
Androgynous and hermaphroditic deities
Fertility gods
Harvest deities
Personifications of rivers
Platonov ( , also known as Fatherlessness and A Play Without a Title ) is the name in English given to an early , untitled play in four acts written by Anton Chekhov in 1878 . It was the first large-scale drama by Chekhov , written specifically for Maria Yermolova , rising star of Maly Theatre . Yermolova rejected the play and it was not published until 1923 .
The lead character is Mikhail Platonov , a disillusioned provincial schoolmaster . The play is set in a dilapidated country house in the Russian provinces . Landowner Anna Petrovna , Sofia Yegorovna , wife of Anna Petrovna 's stepson , and one of his colleagues fall in love with the married Platonov . He thinks society is without ideas and principles , but is aware that he himself is very much part of that society . He is compared to Hamlet and Don Juan , and likes to think of himself as a witty and intellectually stimulating entertainer . In the end , he recognises his hopeless position between the four women and retreats into alcohol . Finally , Sofia understands that she can not hope for a new life with Platonov and shoots him .
Publication and performance history
Full translations into English
Platonov : A Play in Four Acts and Five Scenes . Translated by David Magarshack ( Faber and Faber , 1964 ) .
Platonov . Translated by Ronald Hingley , The Oxford Chekhov . Volume II : Platonov , Ivanov , The Seagull , edited by Ronald Hingley ( Oxford UP , 1967 ) .
Untitled Play . Translated by Laurence Senelick , The Complete Plays by Anton Chekhov , translated by Laurence Senelick ( W. W. Norton & Company , 2007 ) .
Abridged translations into English
That Worthless Fellow Platonov . Translated by John Cournos ( J.M . Dent , 1930 ) .
Don Juan ( in the Russian Manner ) . Translated by Basil Ashmore ( Peter Nevill , 1952 ) .
A Country Scandal . Translated and adapted by Alex Szögyi ( Coward-McCann , 1960 ) .
Platonov : An Abridged Version of an Untitled Play in Four Acts . Translated by Dmitri Makaroff ( Methuen , 1961 ) .
Wild Honey . Translated and adapted by Michael Frayn ( Methuen , 1986 ) .
Platonov . Translated and adapted by Carol Rocamora , Chekhov : The Early Plays , translated and adapted by Carol Rocamora ( Smith and Kraus , 1999 ) .
Platonov . Translated and adapted by David Hare ( Faber and Faber , 2001 ) .
Platonov . Translated by Ani Szamosi , adapted by Susan Coyna and Laszlo Marton ( Scirocco Drama , 2001 ) .
Sons without Fathers : The Untitled Play , Known as Platonov . Translated and adapted by Helena Kaut-Howson ( Oberon Books , 2013 ) .
Platonov . Translated and adapted by John Christopher Jones ( Dramatist 's Play Service , 2016 ) .
The first unabridged version in English was published in 1964 by Faber and Faber in a translation by David Magarshack .
A widely performed adaptation by playwright Michael Frayn , given the title Wild Honey , debuted at London 's National Theatre in 1984 , starring Ian McKellen as Platonov . The production won Olivier Awards in three categories , including Actor of the Year in a Revival for McKellen .
Chekhov 's own text , which despite a running time of about five hours he never thought of as finished , is seldom played . However , in 1997 the director Lev Dodin and the Maly Theatre of St Petersburg presented a faithful , and once again untitled , version at the annual Weimar summer arts festival , presented at E-Werke , the city 's former central power station . Dodin cut nine characters ( and their interlocking sub-plots ) but replaced them with a nine-piece jazz band . The running time was four hours . The production was taken to Saint Petersburg and Milan later that year . Five performances were mounted at the Barbican Arts Centre , London , in June 1999 .
The work has been adapted and produced at the Almeida Theatre in London in 2001 by David Hare , starring Aidan Gillen ( Mikhail ) and Helen McCrory ( Anna ) . Platonov was also adapted and produced by the Bristol Old Vic and by the Soulpepper Theatre Company in Toronto . Hare 's 2001 version was revived at the Chichester Festival Theatre in 2015 and subsequently transferred to the Royal National Theatre in 2016 .
A new version translated and adapted by Ilya Khodosh was produced at the Yale School of Drama in October 2013 .
Andrew Upton adapted the play in 2015 under the title The Present for the Sydney Theatre Company where it was directed by John Crowley and performed by Cate Blanchett ( Anna ) , Richard Roxburgh ( Mikhail ) , Jacqueline McKenzie ( Sophia ) , Marshall Napier ( Ivan ) and Toby Schmitz ( Nikolai ) . That production transferred to Broadway at the Ethel Barrymore Theatre . The play began previews on 17 December 2016 , opened 8 January 2017 and closed 19 March 2017 . The first time an all-Australian cast has performed on Broadway , it marked the Broadway debut for Blanchett , Roxburgh , McKenzie and the rest of the cast .
Film and television
BBC Television produced a version for their Play of the Month series in 1971 which features Rex Harrison in the title role . In 1977 writer Aleksandr Adabashyan and director Nikita Mikhalkov transformed the work into another film , ( Neokonchennaya pyesa dlya mekhanicheskogo pianino ) , made in Russian by Mosfilm and released in the west as An Unfinished Piece for Mechanical Piano . This in turn was reworked by Trevor Griffiths into a new stage version called Piano , produced at the Cottesloe Theatre , London , in August 1990 . Stephen Rea was Platonov .
References
Plays by Anton Chekhov
Russian plays adapted into films
1878 plays
Metropolitan Mall is a shopping and entertainment center in Bekasi , Indonesia . It opened in 1993 and has over of floor space with 225 stores . It comprises two buildings , the Metropolitan Mall 1 and 2 . Mall 2 opened in 2005 .
References
Buildings and structures in West Java
Shopping malls in Indonesia
Tourist attractions in West Java
Leishman is a surname , and may refer to :
Alan Leishman , Australian garden administrator and amateur ornithologist
Jim Leishman ( born 1953 ) , Scottish Labour Party politician and former professional footballer
John George Alexander Leishman ( 1857–1924 ) , American businessman and diplomat
Ken Leishman ( 1931–1979 ) , also known as the Flying Bandit or the Gentleman Bandit , Canadian criminal responsible for multiple robberies between 1957 and 1966
Larry Leishman ( 1947–2013 ) , Scottish-born Canadian guitarist
Marc Leishman ( born 1983 ) , Australian golfer
Mark Leishman ( born 1956 ) , New Zealand broadcaster
Melanie Leishman ( born 1989 ) , Canadian actress
Phillip Leishman ( 1951–2013 ) , New Zealand broadcaster
Tommy Leishman ( 1937–2021 ) , Scottish professional footballer
William Boog Leishman ( 1865–1926 ) , Scottish pathologist and British Army medical officer best known for discovering Leishmaniasis and preparing Leishman stain
Klempen is a German typographical term for the omission of a space after a word or punctuation mark ( e.g . comma , full stop , exclamation mark , question mark , dash ) .
Its counterpart ( and derivation ) is Plenken , the incorrect addition of a space before punctuation marks .
Etymology
Klempen is a constructed word from the German plenken ( meaning `` to add inappropriate spaces '' , itself a borrowing from the English blank ) and klemmen ( `` to wedge '' , possibly a reference to Linotype machine operators ' slang term wedges for the spacebands used to implement justified spacing ) , exchanging the k and p in such a way as to suggest both phonetically and orthographically its relationship and opposite meaning .
Both are internet coinages , dating from Johannes `` Jödel '' Leckebusch 's introduction of plenken on MausNet in 1988 and now widely used on German newsgroups .
Examples
Special case : Chinese and Japanese
In Chinese and Japanese printing , spaces are omitted after the respective punctuation marks , possibly because CJK characters are fixed-width . Klempen is thus more common among Chinese and Japanese typists writing in languages with a Latin alphabet .
See also
French spacing # French and English spacing
References
Typografische Verbrechen : Plenken und Klempen
Bedeutung und Herkunft der Wörter Plenk , plenken
Was ist 'Plenken ' ?
DIN 5008 , Schreib- und Gestaltungsregeln für die Textverarbeitung
Typography
Whitespace
de : Plenk # Klemp
Temple Grandin is a 2010 American biographical drama television film directed by Mick Jackson and starring Claire Danes as Temple Grandin , an autistic woman whose innovations revolutionized practices for the humane handling of livestock on cattle ranches and slaughterhouses . It is based on Grandin 's memoirs Emergence and Thinking in Pictures . The film premiered on HBO on February 6 , 2010 , and won several awards including five Primetime Emmy Awards , and Golden Globe and Screen Actors Guild prizes for Danes .
Plot
Temple Grandin is an uncommunicative child who is prone to tantrums and is diagnosed with autism . The medical consensus at that time was that autism was a form of schizophrenia resulting from insufficient maternal affection . Despite recommendations to place her in an institution , Grandin 's mother hires therapists and works to help her daughter adapt to social interaction .
As a teenager , Temple travels to her aunt and uncle 's ranch to work . She observes cows being placed into a squeeze chute to calm them , and , during an anxiety attack , she uses the chute to calm herself . Inspired by her teacher , Dr. Carlock , to pursue science , she is admitted to Franklin Pierce College where she develops an early version of the squeeze machine to calm herself during stressful times . Her college misinterprets the use of the machine as a sexual act and forces her to remove it . In response , she develops a scientific protocol to test subjects ' reactions to the machine , proving it to be a purely therapeutic device . Grandin graduates with a degree in psychology and pursues a master 's degree in animal science .
Temple faces sexism while attempting to integrate into the world of cattle ranching but ultimately designs a new dip structure designed to allow cattle to voluntarily move through rather than being forced . Initially , the device works as intended , and garners favorable coverage in local press , but the ranch hands are dismissive of her design and alter it , resulting in the drowning of several cows . Angered , Grandin visits Carlock , and leaves the meeting encouraged to continue her efforts to improve the industry .
Temple and her mother attend the 1981 National Autistic Convention . The speaker is unable to answer many of the questions from the audience , but Temple speaks out from the crowd explaining how she has adapted , and tells of her mother 's contributions to her success . The audience calls her to the podium , marking Temple 's transition into autism advocacy .
Cast
Claire Danes as Temple Grandin
Catherine O'Hara as Aunt Ann , Temple 's aunt and sister in-law of Eustacia . As a teenager , Temple often visited her Arizona cattle ranch during the summer .
Julia Ormond as Eustacia Cutler , Temple 's mother . When Temple was younger , Eustacia was in denial over the doctor 's diagnosis of Temple 's autism . Eustacia was determined to have her daughter receive an education and lead a normal life .
David Strathairn as Dr. Carlock , Temple 's boarding school science teacher and mentor . Carlock was aware of Temple 's visual skills and was supportive in furthering her education .
Charles Baker as Billy , a worker at Aunt Ann 's farm .
Barry Tubb as Randy
Production
Development
The idea for a biopic of Grandin originated with its executive producer Emily Gerson Saines , a successful talent agent and a co-founder of the nonprofit Autism Coalition for Research and Education ( now part of Autism Speaks ) . In the mid-1990s , Gerson Saines was a vice-president at the William Morris Agency when her 2-year-old son was diagnosed with autism . She learned about Grandin soon afterward , when her mother told her about seeing Grandin 's book Thinking in Pictures in a bookstore and , around the same time , her grandmother independently sent her an article about Grandin by Oliver Sacks .
Reading about Grandin renewed Gerson Saines ' `` energy , motivation and spirit '' in coping with her son 's condition . `` Temple 's story brought me hope and ( her mother ) 's story gave me direction and purpose , '' Gerson Saines said in a later interview . `` Parents of a child with autism everywhere need to hear it , functionally and spiritually . I knew this story had to be told and given my access as a talent representative in the entertainment industry , I felt it was my responsibility to make that happen . '' Through Grandin 's agent , Gerson Saines asked to meet Grandin for lunch . `` She came in wearing her cowgirl shirt—in her very Temple way , in her very Temple walk . I realized that there were people staring at her , and in a different lifetime I might have been one of them , but all I could think of was , ' I ca n't believe how lucky I am to be here . This woman 's my hero .
Grandin was familiar with Gerson Saines ' work with the Autism Coalition and granted her permission to make the film , but the endeavor—first launched in the late 1990s—would take more than ten years to come to fruition . Variety reported in 2002 that David O. Russell was attached to direct the film from a screenplay by Merritt Johnson ( adapting from Grandin 's memoirs Emergence and Thinking in Pictures ) . Russell later dropped out and was replaced by Moisés Kaufman , who also left the project . By 2008 , Mick Jackson had signed on to direct , and Claire Danes was in negotiations to star as Grandin . Johnson 's script had been replaced by one from Christopher Monger ( both Johnson and Monger are credited as writers of the finished film ) .
One element Gerson Saines was sure about from the beginning was that she wanted to work with HBO , in part because of her longstanding relationship with the network through her work as an agent . `` But I also knew that by going that route , more people will see it , '' she said . `` When you 're trying to make a movie like this , it 's very rare that it reaches a wide audience . '' HBO was equally intrigued by the story , and Gerson Saines credits past and present HBO executives with keeping the project alive until it could be properly realized . `` I made a commitment to Temple that I was going to make it and make it right ... I never pushed to get it made until now , because now we got it right . ''
Jackson knew early on that Danes was his first choice to portray Grandin , believing that Danes ' seriousness and dedication would help her to capture Grandin 's mercurial mental and emotional shifts without veering the film into disease-of-the-week melodrama . Danes herself was coming off a string of more lightweight roles ( whose `` primary job and experience [ was ] to become gaga over a man , '' she described ) and eager to take on a more demanding part . Although she was only vaguely aware of Grandin at the time , Danes dove into research , including watching documentaries about Grandin and studying Grandin 's books and recordings . `` It was really daunting , because she 's alive and has a great eye for detail , '' Danes said . The two women spent about six hours together in Danes ' apartment , ending with a hug from Grandin ( `` For her , that 's not easy , '' Danes observed ) , which Danes was glad to take as validation that Grandin approved of her for the role .
Filming
Temple Grandin began shooting in October 2008 at Austin Studios in Austin , Texas . The film was noted for filming in Texas at a time when TV and film production had grown scarce in the state , and legislators were seeking to expand financial incentives to draw more film crews . Grandin producer Scott Ferguson said that Arizona , New Mexico and Canada had all been considered before producers had chosen Texas , in part because different areas of the state could be used to represent the rural West and New England . Ferguson also credited the abundance of trained film crews in the Austin and Dallas regions as a significant benefit to shooting in the area . Cinematographer Ivan Strasburg shot the film on Kodak Super 16 mm film stocks with Arriflex 416 cameras , which were usually operated hand-held to `` create a 'slight ' feeling of visual tension . ''
Gerson Saines brought Grandin to observe the last day of shooting , which was a scene involving a cattle dip tank that Grandin had designed . Although Grandin said that she tried to stay away from Danes to avoid impinging on her performance , she was quite concerned about the proper construction of the tank and about the breed of cattle being used in the scene . `` I thought , we ca n't have a silly thing like that City Slickers movie , where they had Holstein cattle out there , '' Grandin said . `` If you know anything about cattle , you 'd know that was stupid . '' She said watching Danes on the monitors was `` like going back in a weird time machine to the '60s . ''
Release
Promotion
The film was previewed on January 27 at the Gene Siskel Film Center , in a screening attended by Grandin . A trailer was previewed for critics during their winter press tour on January 14 ; critics responded positively to `` the film 's bright palette and inventive direction . ''
HBO and bookstore chain Barnes & Noble partnered to promote both the film and Grandin 's books , displaying information about autism and the film in all Barnes & Noble stores and creating a free downloadable coloring book about Grandin , using illustrations by autistic artists . Grandin appeared for a special book signing , discussion and preview of the film at a Manhattan Barnes & Noble on January 25 .
Reception
Upon its February 6 , 2010 debut , Temple Grandin received a Metacritic score of 84/100 based on reviews from 19 critics . Review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes gives the film a 100 % approval rating based on six reviews .
Entertainment Weeklys Jennifer Armstrong wrote :
Alessandra Stanley of The New York Times called it :
Robert Bianco of USA Today wrote that unlike many other HBO productions , `` Temple is an incredibly joyous and often humorous film . '' While praising the direction and the strong supporting cast of Catherine O'Hara , David Strathairn , and Julia Ormond , Bianco declared that `` as good as everything is around them , Temple Grandin belongs to two women : the real Temple , who appears to be a spectacular human being , and Danes , who is clearly a spectacular actor . ''
The A.V . Clubs Noel Murray , himself the father of an autistic son , wrote : Murray gives the film a grade A− , in part for Danes ' success in portraying Grandin as a full-fledged personality instead of `` a checklist of symptoms gleaned from a medical journal . ''
NPR 's David Bianculli unambiguously named the film :
Accolades
Notes
References
External links
Temple Grandin at HBO
2010 films
2010 biographical drama films
2010s American films
2010s English-language films
American biographical drama films
American drama television films
Biographical films about scientists
Biographical television films
Films about autism
Films about cattle
Films based on memoirs
Films based on multiple works
Films directed by Mick Jackson
Films scored by Alex Wurman
Films set in the 1950s
Films set in the 1960s
Films set in the 1970s
Films set in the 1980s
Films set in Arizona
Films set in Boston
Films set in New Hampshire
Films shot in Austin , Texas
Films shot in Dallas
Films shot in New Braunfels , Texas
HBO Films films
Peabody Award-winning broadcasts
Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Made for Television Movie winners
Television films based on books
Cadabra might refer to :
Cadabra ( computer program ) , a computer algebra system for field theory problems
Cadabra Design Automation , a former EDA company purchased by Numerical Technologies
Cadabra , Inc. , now Amazon.com , Inc .
See also
Abracadabra ( disambiguation )
Kadabra ( disambiguation )
Shabaash Mithu is a 2022 Indian Hindi-language biographical sports drama film directed by Srijit Mukherji and produced by Viacom18 Studios . The film based on the life of former Test and ODI captain of the India women 's national cricket team , Mithali Raj , stars Taapsee Pannu in titular role . It chronicles ups and downs and moments of glory of Mithali 's life . The film was released on 15 July 2022 . It received mixed to positive reviews from critics but was a major box-office disaster , grossing just under a tenth of its budget at the box office .
Synopsis
Mithali Raj is former Test and ODI captain of women 's national cricket team . She led India to finals of 2017 Women 's Cricket World Cup .
The film based on her life chronicles the events of her life 's journey in the world of women cricket . It presents her struggles and euphoric rise in the women cricket .
Cast
Taapsee Pannu as Mithali Raj aka Mithu
Inayat Verma as Young Mithali Raj
Mumtaz Sorcar as Jhorna Ghosh
Vijay Raaz as Sampath , Mithali 's coach
Brijendra Kala as BCCI Main Person
Devadarshini as Leela Raj , Mithali 's mother
Swayam Joshi as an unnamed young boy
Sameer Dharmadhikari as Dorai Raj , Mithali 's father
Aditi Aryan as Sresha Badyal
Nirali Oza as Preeti Valhar
Priya Kumari as Roma Kwatra
Ramya Suresh as Himakshi Ganeshan
Titeeksha Tawde as Khushi Anvekar
Kajal Shishodia as Kajal Sutar
Manashree Gavande as Manashree Gavande
Vaishnavi Desai as Vaishnavi Madiga
Ramsingh Falkoti as Peon Bala
Shilpi Marwaha as Sukumari Marwaha
Anushree Kushwaha as Noorie
Kasturi Jagnam as Young Noorie
Nishant Pradhan as Mithun Raj , Mithali 's brother
Kalyani Jha as Perizad
Sampa Mandal as Nilu Paswan
Vishak Nair as Chandan ji ( Nilu 's Fiance )
Production
Development
After the 2017 Women 's Cricket World Cup , Viacom 18 Motion Pictures acquired the rights to make a feature film on Raj 's life . She said , `` Hoping that this movie inspires more people , especially young girls to take up sports as a career . ''
The biopic was planned to shoot in 2019 . Raj said , `` I think Priyanka Chopra will be a great choice ( to play me in the biopic ) . Our personalities match a lot . I am not a movie buff , so I 'd love the experts to do their job . '' Finally it was Taapsee Pannu who was chosen to play the role of Mithali Raj in the biopic named as Shabaash Mithu , to be directed by Rahul Dholakia in 2020 .
Preparation and training
On 3 December 2019 , coinciding with the birthday of Mithali Raj , the film was finalized with Taapsee Pannu in the titular role and Rahul Dholakia as director . In January 2021 Pannu posted her training photos from 3 December 2019 , 29 January 2020 and 27 January 2021 . In March 2021 , Taapsee Pannu again posted photos of her preparation and training for the film . She trained under Nooshin Al Khadeer , a former cricket player and Mithali Raj 's friend . The film earlier was anticipated to be released on 5 February 2021 under direction of Rahul Dholakia , but filming was delayed due to COVID-19 .
In June Srijit Mukherji replaced Rahul Dholakia as director of the film due to change of schedule .
Filming
Principal photography began on 5 April 2021 after being delayed due to COVID-19 . Filming was finally wrapped up on 9 November . The film was shot on Lord 's Cricket Ground in London , and across domestic and international locations to bring real feel of actual events that happened in Mithali 's life .
Soundtrack
The music of the film is composed by Amit Trivedi , Salvage Audio Collective and Charan . Lyrics are written by Swanand Kirkire , Kausar Munir and Charan . The background score is composed by Salvage Audio Collective .
Release
Theatrical
On 3 December coinciding with birthday of Mithali Raj releasing a teaser poster the producer announced the release date of the film as 4 February 2022 . The date clashed with Rajkummar Rao 's comedy film Badhaai Do , which was postponed to 11 February . Subsequently the film was not released and finally it was released on 15 July 2022 .
Home media
The film digitally streamed on both Voot and Netflix in Hindi and dubbed versions of Tamil and Telugu languages from 12 August 2022 .
Reception
Box office
Shabaash Mithu earned 0.40 crore at the domestic box office on its opening day , 0.55 crore on the second day and 0.70 crore on third day .
, the film grossed in India and overseas , for a worldwide gross collection of . Film was declared disaster at box office after end of its theatrical run .
Critical response
Anindita Mukherjee of India Today rated the film 3.5 out of 5 stars and wrote `` Shabaash Mithu is a film that will definitely not turn around Bollywood 's fate in the era of South domination , but it surely moves you '' . Saibal Chatterjee of NDTV rated the film 3 out of 5 stars and wrote `` As a fond tribute to a cricketer who transformed the fortunes of women in India 's most popular sport , it puts just enough on the scoreboard not be dismissed as an innings without substance '' . Sonil Dedhia of News 18 rated the film 3 out of 5 stars and wrote `` The film has sincerity and has been crafted with care . It deserves to be watched for the journey of a woman , who is responsible for the incredible rise of Indian Women 's cricket in the last two decades '' . Rachana Dubey of The Times of India rated the film 3 out of 5 stars and wrote `` The movie does n't amply showcase those edge-of-the-seat , nail-biting moments that would have unfolded in her life , especially during the 2017 world cup '' . Himesh Mankad of Pinkvilla rated the film 3 out of 5 stars and wrote `` Shabaash Mithu deserves to be watched to witness the journey of a woman , who is responsible for the incredible rise of Indian Women 's cricket in the last two decades - Mithali Raj '' . Shubhra Gupta of The Indian Express rated the film 2.5 out of 5 stars and wrote `` Taapsee Pannu shines in a film that has no space for nuance . Director Srijit Mukerji ensures everything is underlined in this sports drama '' . Bollywood Hungama rated the film with 3 stars out of 5 and wrote , `` On the whole , Shabaash Mithu tells an inspiring tale of one of the greatest cricket legends in the world . At the box office , it has the potential to draw in audiences , especially in urban centres . It also deserves tax-free status . ''
References
External links
2020s Hindi-language films
Indian biographical films
Sport films based on actual events
Biographical films about sportspeople
Cultural depictions of cricketers
Films about cricket in India
Films about women 's sports
Viacom18 Studios films
Women 's cricket in India
Cultural depictions of Indian women
Films shot in London
Women 's Cricket World Cup
Abdul Raziq Bugti ( 1952 – 27 July 2007 ) was a Pakistani politician . He played a great role in Pakistani politics . Bugti was an honest politician and made tremendous effort towards the development of Balochistan province . He was a harsh critic of Nawab Akbar Bugti and other nationalist militants operating in the country . He was awarded Sitara-i-Imtiaz for his service .
On 27 July 2007 , he was assassinated by Baloch Liberation Army ( BLA ) , a terrorist group operating in the province .
Personal life
He was born in the Masuri clan of the Bugti tribe in Sibi , Balochistan , Pakistan .
Bugti was married and had one daughter and two sons .
Career
Bugti 's political career started in 1968 by joining Baloch Students Organization ( BSO ) . He was elected as a president of Baloch Students Organization in 1978 . He had also served in Federal student union . In 1980 , he went to exile in Afghanistan . In 2003 , Bugti returned to Pakistan and joined the government . He joined the politics because he supported the then Pervez Musharraf . Upon his arrival from Afghanistan , he also got into conflict with BSO and as a result he left BSO to join Peogressive Youth Movement . Later on , he joined Pakistan People Party ( PPP ) and served the role of provincial head and central secretary general of the Pakistan National Party . Bugti also formed National Awami Party Pakistan ( NAPP ) along with another veteran politician Ajmal Khattak . In his last years , he was serving as the media consultant of the chief minister and spokesman for the provincial government .
He was a harsh critic of Nawab Akbar Bugti and other nationalist militants .
Assassination
On 27 July 2007 , about 4:15 PM ; he was gunned down on Zarghon Road in Quetta , Pakistan . Police claims that Mr Bugti was returning to his office from PTV Quetta centre after talking about recent floods in Balochistan . After the attack , police rushed to shift his body to the civil hospital where the doctors declared him dead . He was assassinated at the same spot where several high-post government officials were attacked in the past ; Justice Nawaz Marri , a Balochistan High Court judge and Nisar Hazara , former provincial minister , survived assassination .
Baloch Liberation Army ( BLA ) , a terrorist group , claimed responsibility for killing him .
Chief minister of Balochistan paid 2 million PKR to the Bugti 's family . Pakistan 's Worker Party protested against Raziq Bugti 's killing . Protestor claims that Raziq Bugti was killed because he strongly opposed anti-Pakistan militant .
References
The New 2007
External links
Gunmen Kill Pakistani Official - Reuters
Baloch people
1952 births
2007 deaths
Assassinated Pakistani politicians
People murdered in Balochistan , Pakistan
People from Sibi District
Recipients of Sitara-i-Imtiaz
Deaths by firearm in Balochistan , Pakistan
Pittosporum senacia is a shrub that grows naturally on the Indian Ocean islands of Madagascar , Mauritius , Seychelles and La Réunion .
References
senacia
Flora of the Western Indian Ocean
Ransomnematidae is a family of nematodes belonging to the order Rhabditida .
Genera :
Clementeia Artigas , 1930
Martadamsonius Van Waerebeke , 1987
Ransomnema Artigas , 1926
References
Nematodes
Balkaya is a village in the District of Gündoğmuş , Antalya Province , Turkey .
References
Villages in Gündoğmuş District
'' 'NICKLEBERRY , TX.Nickleberry is on Farm Road 1399 two miles southeast of Marietta in northwestern Cass County . In the 1940s the focus of the community was a district school for black students . It was named after the family of Tip Nickleberry , a black family who owned land and farmed in the area in the early 1900s . In 1983 the town consisted of a school , a church , and a business . Nickleberry was still shown on county highway maps in 2000 . No population figures were ever recorded .
References
Unincorporated communities in Cass County , Texas
Unincorporated communities in Texas
Quimperiidae is a family of nematodes belonging to the order Rhabditida .
Genera
Genera :
Buckleynema Ali & Singh , 1954
Desmognathinema Baker , Goater & Esch , 1987
Ezonema Boyce , 1971
References
Nematodes
Take That is a British pop band .
Take That may also refer to :
Take That : For the Record , a TV documentary about the band
Take That : The Ultimate Tour , a 2006 feature-length video by the band
`` Take That '' ( Wiley song ) , 2009
`` Take That '' ( Torrey Carter song ) , 2000
Take That ( TV series ) , a 1950s Australian television series
Crozet ( ) is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Crozet is nestled at the foot of the Jura mountains in eastern France some from the centre of the Swiss city of Geneva and approximately from the French city of Lyon . It is also near Geneva International Airport , at a distance of some .
Its chief attraction is a cable car which carries hikers to the top of the Jura during the summer and serves a small ski resort during the winter . It has several sporting clubs : the St-Genis-Ferney-Crozet sporting association ( soccer ) , a tennis club , and a ski club . Other places of interest include the remains of the château de Rossillon , a church ( reconstructed around 1830 ) , the Crozet forest , and the Monts-Jura ski area , which runs between Crozet and the town of Lélex in the adjacent valley .
Religious history
Saint Peter Chanel , later to die as a missionary in the Pacific and be declared a martyr and eventually canonised , was parish priest of Crozet between 1827 and 1830 , and Church histories credit him with having at a short time revitalized this then run down parish .
Population
See also
Communes of the Ain department
References
External links
Lelex-Crozet
Monts Jura resort
Crozet 's webpage
Crozet 's ski club
Communes of Ain
Ain communes articles needing translation from French Wikipedia
Addison Beecher Colvin ( December 15 , 1858 in Glens Falls , Warren County , New York – June 21 , 1939 in Glens Falls , Warren County , New York ) was an American businessman , banker and politician .
Life
He was the son of Hiram K. Colvin and Sara Ann Cowels Colvin . On May 16 , 1883 , he married Maria Louise Hees at Fonda , New York , and they had three daughters .
He was New York State Treasurer from 1894 to 1898 , elected in 1893 and 1895 on the Republican ticket . He appointed his brother-in-law Deputy Treasurer .
He was President of the Glens Falls Gaslight Company , Vice President of the Herkimer , Mohawk , Ilion and Frankfort Railway , and owner of the Glens Falls Daily Times and the Glens Falls Weekly Messenger .
He was buried at Pineview Cemetery in Glens Falls .
Sources
RootsWeb : COLVIN-L RE : ( COLVIN-L ) Addison B. Colvin at archiver.rootsweb.ancestry.com Short bio transcribed from Who Was Who in America ( Vol . III , pg . 175 ) , at rootsweb
His `` inauguration ceremony '' , in NYT on January 5 , 1894
The State money deposit controversy , in NYT on January 9 , 1894
A listing of his `` titles '' , in NYT on September 17 , 1895
Short bios of the re-elected state officers , in NYT on November 6 , 1895 ( giving wrong birth year )
1858 births
1939 deaths
New York State Treasurers
Politicians from Glens Falls , New York
19th-century American railroad executives
American bankers
The Magic Boomerang is an Australian children 's adventure series set in rural Australia . It was produced by Pacific films and aired on the ABC in Australia .
Synopsis
The show follows the adventures of a young boy who can stop time by throwing a magic boomerang .
Cast
Principal cast members included :
Series 1 : David Morgan ( Tom Thumbleton ) , Telford Jackson ( Dan Thumbleton ) , Penny Shelton ( Gwen Thumbleton ) , Rodney Pearlman ( 'Wombat ' ) .
Series 2 : Robert Brockman ( Nugget Morris ) , William Hodge ( Charles Swinbourne ) , Chris Christensen ( Bluey ) , Peter Aanensen ( ‘ Tiger ' Martin ) .
International screenings
Episodes of The Magic Boomerang were also screened in New Zealand , the UK , Canada , Malaysia and Italy .
Remaining episodes
The NFSA holds 25 episodes , while the National Archives of Australia holds copies of all 45 episode in their audio-visual collection .
Episodes
Series 1
1 . The Discovery
2 . Christmas Cracker
3 . A Visit From Grandma
4 . Wombat Finds A Friend
5 . The Hunter
6 . No Mail Today
7 . A Matter Of Survival
8 . The Bushranger
9 . Ill Wind
10 . The Thief Who Believed In Magic
11 . Fire Trap
12 . The Hypnotist
13 . The Uncatchables
14 . North To Warralinga
15 . The Big Catch
16 . Moonlight Reef
17 . Aunt Matilda
18 . The Cattle Duffers
19 . The Saucer From Venus
20 . The Masked Man From Manangatang
21 . Moomba
22 . Gentleman Jackaroo
23 . Head Of The River
24 . The Vanishing Spell
25 . The Stand-In
26 . Race Against Time
27 . The Auction
28 . A Lesson For Wombat
29 . Friend Or Foe
30 . The Good Turn
31 . Pony Express
32 . The Last Lap
33 . Salt 'n ' Pepper
34 . Mother 's Day
35 . A Night At The Thumbleton 's
36 . My Friend Higgins
37 . Stranger In Town
38 . Mr. Santa Claus
39 . The Messenger
Series 2
40 . Bushranger 's Gold
41 . Buried Treasure
42 . Luck of The Game
43 . Boys Camp
44 . Double Trouble
45 . Hollermakers Bargain
See also
List of Australian television series
List of Australian Broadcasting Corporation programs
References
http : //www.abc.net.au/corp/history/75years/timeline/1960s.pdf
External links
http : //www.classicaustraliantv.com/magicboomg.htm
1965 Australian television series debuts
Australian children 's television series
Australian Broadcasting Corporation original programming
Television shows set in Victoria ( Australia )
Black-and-white Australian television shows
Television series by Fremantle ( company )
Australian preschool education television series
Hans Henrik Jæger ( 2 September 1854 , Drammen , Norway – 8 February 1910 , Oslo ) was a Norwegian writer , philosopher and anarchist political activist who was part of the Oslo ( then Kristiania ) -based bohemian group known as the Kristiania Bohemians . In 1886 he was prosecuted for his book Fra Kristiania-bohêmen , then convicted and sentenced to 60 days ' imprisonment and a fine of for infringement of modesty and public morals , and for blasphemy . He also lost his position as a stenographer at the Parliament of Norway . Jæger was defended in court by barrister Ludvig Meyer . He and other bohemians tried to live by the nine commandments he had formulated in Fra Kristiania-bohêmen .
The following year he was forced to flee Norway . He had been sentenced to 150 more days in prison after the Norwegian government learned that he had sent 300 copies of Fra Kristiania-bohêmen to Sweden under the pretense that it was a volume of Christmas stories .
He was a friend of Edvard Munch and was the subject of one of Munch 's paintings , swiftly painted in the rented room of one of Munch 's friends .
Hans Jæger maintained that sexuality should be unrestricted in relationships , arguing that the traditional values of marriage and social class encroached on personal freedom and fulfillment . Jæger asserted that the institution of marriage should be abolished and that there should be `` full sexual freedom between the sexes in the same social class . ''
Published works
Kants fornuftskritik ( Kant 's critique of pure reason ) 1878
Olga ( play ) 1883
En intellektuel Forførelse ( play ) ( An Intellectual Seduction ) 1884
Fra Kristiania-bohêmen ( From the Christiania Bohemians ) 1885
Julefortællinger av Hans Jæger ( Christmas Stories by Hans Jæger , in reality the second volume of From the Christiania Bohemians ) 1886
Albertine ( with Christian Krohg ) 1886
Min forsvarstale i høyesterett ( My Defence Speech in the Supreme Court ) 1886
Kristianiabilleder ( Images of Christiania ) 1888
Novelletter ( Short Stories ) 1889
Bohemens erotiske bekjennelser ( The Erotic Confessions of the Bohemians )
Syk kjærlihet ( part 1 of 3 ) 1893 ( Twisted Love )
Bekjendelser ( part 2 of 3 ) 1902 ( Confessions )
Fængsel og fortvilelse ( part 3 of 3 ) 1903 ( Prison and Despair )
Anarkiets bibel ( The Bible of Anarchism ) 1906
Socialismens ABC ( written between 1906 and 1910 , never finished ) ( The ABC of Socialism )
References
Biography
`` 'Jæger : en rekonstruksjon '' , a biography by Ketil Bjørnstad
External links
Hans Jæger Page at the Anarchist Encyclopedia
Digitized books by Jæger in the National Library of Norway
1854 births
1910 deaths
Anarchist writers
Censorship in Norway
Edvard Munch
Norwegian anarchists
Norwegian male writers
Norwegian prisoners and detainees
People convicted of blasphemy
Prisoners and detainees of Norway
Cheyenne County is a county located in the U.S. state of Colorado . The county population was 1,748 at 2020 census . The county seat is Cheyenne Wells .
History
Cheyenne County was created with its present borders by the Colorado State Legislature on March 25 , 1889 , out of portions of northeastern Bent County and southeastern Elbert County . It was named after the Cheyenne Indians who occupied eastern Colorado .
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 0.2 % ) is water .
The drainage basins in Cheyenne County include Bellyache , Big Timber , East and Middle Fork Big Spring , Eureka , Goose , Ladder , Little Spring , Pass , Rock , Sand , Turtle , White Woman , Wild Horse and Willow Creeks , as well as the Smoky Hill River . The Smoky Hill drains into the Republican River in Kansas . The creeks in the northern and eastern part of the county drain to the Republican or Smoky Hill Rivers ; those in the central and southeastern part of the county drain ultimately to the Arkansas River . All of the creeks in Cheyenne County are generally dry with some flow when drawing snowmelt or rainfall . There are four summits in Cheyenne County : Agate Mound ( 4,457 ft. ) , Eureka Hill ( 4,700 ft. ) , Landsman Hill ( 4,695 ft. ) , and Twin Buttes ( 4,621 ft. ) The highest point in the county is in the extreme northwest corner of the county on the Bledsoe Ranch ( 5,255 ft . )
Adjacent counties
Kit Carson County ( north )
Wallace County , Kansas ( east )
Greeley County , Kansas ( southeast )
Lincoln County ( west )
Kiowa County ( south )
Major Highways
U.S. Highway 40
U.S. Highway 287
U.S. Highway 385
State Highway 59
State Highway 94
Antipode
Cheyenne County is home of the Antipode of Île Saint-Paul making it one of the few places in the continental United States with a non-oceanic antipode .
Demographics
As of the census of 2000 , there were 2,231 people , 880 households , and 602 families residing in the county . The population density was 1 people per square mile ( 0/km2 ) . There were 1,105 housing units at an average density of 1 per square mile ( 0/km2 ) . The racial makeup of the county was 92.87 % White , 0.49 % Black or African American , 0.76 % Native American , 0.13 % Asian , 5.11 % from other races , and 0.63 % from two or more races . 8.11 % of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race .
There were 880 households , out of which 34.10 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 59.30 % were married couples living together , 5.70 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 31.50 % were non-families . 29.00 % of all households were made up of individuals , and 12.40 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older . The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 3.12 .
In the county , the population was spread out , with 28.80 % under the age of 18 , 7.10 % from 18 to 24 , 26.20 % from 25 to 44 , 21.30 % from 45 to 64 , and 16.60 % who were 65 years of age or older . The median age was 38 years . For every 100 females there were 100.60 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 98.40 males .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 37,054 , and the median income for a family was $ 44,394 . Males had a median income of $ 32,250 versus $ 19,286 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 17,850 . About 8.70 % of families and 11.10 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 12.90 % of those under age 18 and 10.90 % of those age 65 or over .
Communities
Towns
Cheyenne Wells
Kit Carson
Unincorporated communities
Arapahoe
Wild Horse
Politics
Since the 1920s , Cheyenne County has mostly supported Republican candidates in presidential elections . In the 25 presidential elections since 1920 , the Democratic presidential candidates have carried the county only five times , none have broken 60 % of the vote , and only Lyndon Johnson in 1964 , and Franklin Delano Roosevelt in 1932 won the county by a double-digit margin . By contrast , the Republican nominees have carried the county 20 times , including the last ten in a row , with all except Wendell Willkie in 1940 winning by at least a double-digit margin . The four most recent GOP presidential candidates George W. Bush , John McCain , Mitt Romney , and Donald Trump all carried Cheyenne county with over 80 % of the vote .
Historic Trails
Old Military Trail - This trail connected Fort Wallace ( on the Smoky Hill River in Kansas ) to Fort Lyon ( on the Arkansas River in Colorado ) .
Omaha Trail - This trail came from Kansas into northeast Cheyenne County and merged with the Smoky Hill Trail east of Cheyenne Wells .
Smoky Hill Trail - The Smoky Hill Trail is also called the Butterfield Trail and the Starvation Trail . It followed the Smoky Hill River , crossing Cheyenne County from east to west . Lt. John C. Fremont is known to have used this trail as early as 1844 . When gold was discovered on Cherry Creek in 1859 , the trail was promoted as the most direct route to Denver from the Nebraska and Kansas Territories . The route was treacherous and earned the name `` Starvation Trail . '' David Butterfield established the Butterfield Overland Dispatch along this trail . The area was Indian hunting grounds . Several military forts were established along the trail to protect travelers . The Kansas Pacific Railway followed this trail through Kansas . The trail split near `` Old Wells '' ( about five miles north of present-day Cheyenne Wells ) into north and south forks . The north fork of the trail went northwest from `` Old Wells '' Station through Deering Wells Station , Big Springs Station , and David Wells Station and eventually to Denver . The south fork was first surveyed in 1860 , and again in 1865 . The south fork ran southwest from Old Wells through Eureka Station to Dubois Station . Then it headed northwest to Grady Station . The two forks joined up again near Hugo .
Texas-Montana Cattle Trail - This trail was used during the Civil War . It ran south to north across Cheyenne County through Big Springs Station .
Historic Sites
Cheyenne County Courthouse in Cheyenne Wells . The courthouse was built in 1908 and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
Old Cheyenne County Jail in Cheyenne Wells . The jail was built in 1894 and used as a jail until 1961 . The structure is listed on the National Register of Historic Places . The jail was designed by noted Colorado architect Robert Roeschlaub , who designed the Central City Opera House and other historic structures in Colorado . The Old Cheyenne County Jail is now a historical museum .
The Historic Plains Hotel in Cheyenne Wells . Built in 1919 , the hotel is still used as a hotel .
Mountain States Telephone & Telegraph Building in Cheyenne Wells . The building 's entablature frieze simply says `` Telephone '' in block letters . The building , constructed in 1927 , is currently a museum .
Kit Carson Pool Hall in Kit Carson .
Union Pacific Pumphouse in Kit Carson . Built in about 1880 , the stone pumphouse was used by Union Pacific Railroad 's steam locomotives .
Wild Horse Mercantile in the town of Wild Horse . Built after the 1917 fire , the store was in continuous operation into the late 1960s .
Wild Horse School in the town of Wild Horse . The school was built in 1912 .
See also
Outline of Colorado
Index of Colorado-related articles
National Register of Historic Places listings in Cheyenne County , Colorado
Notes
References
External links
Cheyenne County Government website
Colorado County Evolution by Don Stanwyck
Colorado Historical Society
1889 establishments in Colorado
Colorado counties
Colorado placenames of Native American origin
Eastern Plains
Populated places established in 1889
The Word Is Out is the first album by Jermaine Stewart , released in 1984 . It includes `` The Word Is Out '' , his first major single and first to enter the chart .
Track listing
`` The Word Is Out '' ( 3:27 ) ( Stewart , Greg Craig )
`` I Like It '' ( 3:15 ) ( Stewart , Julian Lindsay )
`` In Love Again '' ( 3:42 ) ( Stewart , Mikey Craig , G. Craig )
`` Spies '' ( 4:04 ) ( Stewart , Lindsay )
`` Reasons Why '' ( 4:43 ) ( Stewart , G. Craig , Lindsay )
`` Get Over It '' ( 3:34 ) ( Stewart , Barry Sarna )
`` You '' ( 2:56 ) ( Stewart , Lindsay )
`` Month of Mondays '' ( 3:27 ) ( Stewart , Lindsay )
`` Debbie '' ( 3:17 ) ( Stewart , Lindsay )
`` Brilliance '' ( 4:41 ) ( Stewart , Lindsay )
Charts
References
1984 debut albums
Jermaine Stewart albums
Albums produced by Peter Collins ( record producer )
Grant County is a county in the U.S. state of Arkansas . Its population was 17,853 at the 2010 United States Census . The county seat is Sheridan .
Grant County is included in the Little Rock–North Little Rock–Conway , AR Metropolitan Statistical Area .
History
Formed on February 4 , 1869 , Grant County was named in honor of U.S. President-elect Ulysses S. Grant . It is an alcohol prohibition or dry county .
Robert W. Glover , a Missionary Baptist pastor who served in both houses of the Arkansas General Assembly ( 1905-1912 ) from Sheridan , introduced in 1909 the resolution calling for the establishment of four state agricultural colleges . His brother , David Delano Glover , a Methodist , was a state representative in the 1907 session and a member of the United States House of Representatives from 1929 to 1935 , having been unseated in 1934 by Grant County native John Little McClellan who at the time was practicing law in Camden . McClellan later went on to become Arkansas 's longest serving U.S. senator .
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 0.2 % ) is water . Grant County is considered part of the Arkansas Timberlands geographical area .
Major highways
U.S. Highway 167
U.S. Highway 270
Highway 35
Highway 46
Adjacent counties
Saline County ( north )
Pulaski County ( northeast )
Jefferson County ( east )
Cleveland County ( southeast )
Dallas County ( south )
Hot Spring County ( west )
Demographics
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census , there were 17,958 people , 6,863 households , and 5,007 families residing in the county .
2000 census
As of the 2000 census , there were 16,464 people , 4,241 households , and 4,780 families residing in the county . The population density was . There were 6,960 housing units at an average density of 11 per square mile ( 4/km2 ) . The racial makeup of the county was 95.55 % White , 2.47 % Black or African American , 0.45 % Native American , 0.13 % Asian , 0.03 % Pacific Islander , 0.64 % from other races , and 0.73 % from two or more races . 1.15 % of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race .
There were 6,241 households , out of which 35.60 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 64.70 % were married couples living together , 8.50 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 23.40 % were non-families . 20.40 % of all households were made up of individuals , and 9.00 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older . The average household size was 2.61 and the average family size was 3.00 .
In the county , the population was spread out , with 25.90 % under the age of 18 , 8.00 % from 18 to 24 , 29.60 % from 25 to 44 , 24.30 % from 45 to 64 , and 12.20 % who were 65 years of age or older . The median age was 37 years . For every 100 females , there were 98.50 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 96.30 males .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 37,182 , and the median income for a family was $ 42,901 . Males had a median income of $ 31,842 versus $ 22,098 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 17,547 . About 7.80 % of families and 10.20 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 12.50 % of those under age 18 and 13.00 % of those age 65 or over .
The largest self-identified ancestry groups in Grant County , Arkansas are :
30.1 % English
12.0 % American
9.5 % Irish
8.9 % German
1.4 % Italian
1.2 % Polish
1.1 % French
0.7 % Swedish
Government
Over The past few election cycles Grant county has trended heavily towards the GOP . The last democrat ( as of 2020 ) to carry this county was Bill Clinton in 1996 .
Communities
Cities
Leola
Prattsville
Sheridan ( county seat )
Towns
Poyen
Tull
Townships
Calvert ( small part of Sheridan )
Darysaw
Davis
Dekalb ( Tull )
Fenter ( Poyen )
Franklin
Madison
Merry Green ( most of Sheridan )
River ( Prattsville )
Simpson
Tennessee ( Leola )
Washington
Culture
Grant County is home to Jenkins ' Ferry Battleground State Park .
See also
List of dry counties in Arkansas
List of counties in Arkansas
List of lakes in Grant County , Arkansas
National Register of Historic Places listings in Grant County , Arkansas
References
1869 establishments in Arkansas
Little Rock–North Little Rock–Conway metropolitan area
Populated places established in 1869
Ulysses S. Grant
Robert Schmitz may refer to :
E. Robert Schmitz ( 1889–1949 ) , Franco-American pianist and composer
Robert J. Schmitz , American plant biologist and epigenomicist
Robert J. Schmitz ( politician ) ( 1921–1999 ) , American farmer , businessman , and politician in Minnesota
Pear Blossom Park is a park in Medford , Oregon , United States . The Commons at Pear Blossom Park was a collaboration project by the Medford Urban Renewal Agency ( MURA ) and Lithia Motors .
The park has hosted the Art in Bloom Festival , Easter egg hunts , the Pear Blossom Festival and Parade 's Street Fair , as well as demonstrations and protests , such as the clean air rally in 2019 . The city 's Christmas tree has been placed in the park .
References
External links
Pear Blossom Park at City of Medford , Oregon
Medford , Oregon
Municipal parks in Oregon
Parks in Jackson County , Oregon
Notes from the Field ( also known as Notes from the Field : Doing Time in Education and Notes from the Field : Doing Time in Education , The California Chapter ) is a 2015 play , which was written and performed by Anna Deavere Smith . The play was first presented by the Berkeley Repertory Theatre , before touring and being adapted into a television movie . It discusses issues revolving around the themes such as race , class and America 's school-to-prison pipeline , to mention a few .
Background
The play is drawn from more than 200 interviews with students , parents , teachers and administrators caught in the school-to-prison pipeline . Smith ( the author/writer of the play ) references several real-life events throughout the play , few of them such as the death of Freddie Gray and an incident where a 15-year-old black girl was restrained by police .
Structure
The play consists of two acts : during the first act , Smith introduces the people in the school-to-prison pipeline , acting as each character herself . After the interval , she invites the audience to interact through call and response , culminating in Smith asking the audience to sing `` Amazing Grace '' .
The play makes use of real-life footage , which is projected onto the walls around Smith , such as the video of a 17-year-old black girl being flung across the room by a white male officer .
Characters
Despite it being a one-woman show , the play has Smith act as 17 different people , each one telling their own story . Smith is also joined onstage by someone playing the double bass , a role originated by composer Marcus Shelby , though it is still a solo performance .
Television adaptation
Notes from the Field was adapted into a television movie by HBO and premiered in February 2018 . It was directed by Kristi Zea , edited by Paul Snyder , and produced by Gary Goetzman and Smith .
Awards and nominations
2017 Obie Awards for Special Citations – won
2018 Golden Trailer Awards for Best Graphics in a TV Spot ( for a Feature Film ) – nominated
References
2015 plays
HBO Films films
Obie Award-winning plays
Plays by Anna Deavere Smith
Sanitary districts were established in England and Wales in 1872 and in Ireland in 1878 . The districts were of two types , based on existing structures :
Urban sanitary districts in towns with existing local government bodies
Rural sanitary districts in the remaining rural areas of poor law unions .
Each district was governed by a sanitary authority and was responsible for various public health matters such as providing clean drinking water , sewers , street cleaning , and clearing slum housing .
In England and Wales , both rural and urban sanitary districts were replaced in 1894 by the Local Government Act 1894 by the more general rural districts and urban districts . A similar reform was carried out in Ireland in 1899 by the Local Government ( Ireland ) Act 1898 .
England and Wales
Sanitary districts were formed under the terms of the Public Health Act 1872 . Instead of creating new divisions , existing authorities were given additional responsibilities . The sanitary districts were created on 10 August 1872 , when the act received royal assent , and the existing authorities were able to exercise their new powers from their first meeting after that date . The powers and responsibilities initially given to sanitary authorities in 1872 were relatively limited . They had to appoint a medical officer , but other powers were generally permissive rather than compulsory . Three years later the Public Health Act 1875 substantially broadened the scope of powers and expectations on sanitary authorities .
Urban sanitary districts were formed in any municipal borough governed under the Municipal Corporations Act 1835 , in any improvement commissioners district formed by private act of parliament , and in any local government district formed under the Public Health Act 1848 or Local Government Act 1858 .
The existing governing body of the town ( municipal corporation , improvement commissioners or local board of health ) was designated as the urban sanitary authority .
When sanitary districts were formed there were approximately 225 boroughs , 575 local government districts and 50 improvement commissioners districts designated as urban sanitary districts . Over the next nineteen years the number changed : more urban sanitary districts were formed as towns adopted legislation forming local boards and as additional boroughs were incorporated ; over the same period numerous urban sanitary districts were absorbed into expanding boroughs .
Rural sanitary districts were formed in all areas without a town government . They followed the boundaries of existing poor law unions , less the areas of urban sanitary districts . Any subsequent change in the area of the union also changed the sanitary district . At the time of abolition in 1894 , there were 572 rural sanitary districts .
The rural sanitary authority consisted of the existing poor law guardians for the rural parishes involved .
The Local Government Act 1894 brought an end to sanitary districts in England and Wales . In boroughs , the corporation was already the sanitary authority . All other urban sanitary districts were renamed as urban districts , governed by an urban district council . Rural sanitary districts were replaced by rural districts , for the first time with a directly elected council . It was a requirement that whenever possible a rural district should be within a single administrative county , which led to many districts being split into smaller areas along county lines . A few rural districts with parishes in two or three different counties persisted until the 1930s .
The Local Government Act 1972 made district councils , London borough councils , the City of London Corporation , and Inner Temple and Middle Temple sanitary authorities .
Ireland
A system of sanitary districts was established in Ireland by the Public Health ( Ireland ) Act 1878 , modelled on that in England and Wales .
Urban sanitary districts were established in the following categories of towns :
Boroughs with municipal corporations ( under the Municipal Corporations ( Ireland ) Act 1840 )
Towns having town commissioners under private acts of parliament
Towns having town commissioners under public acts and having a population exceeding 6,000
The existing corporation or commissioners became the urban sanitary authority . The Local Government Board for Ireland , created by the same act , could designate other towns with commissioners as urban sanitary districts .
Rural sanitary districts were formed in the same way as those in England and Wales , from the poor law unions with the boards of guardians as the rural sanitary authorities .
The urban and rural sanitary districts were superseded in 1899 , under the Local Government ( Ireland ) Act 1898 , by urban and rural districts . Unlike rural sanitary districts , rural districts could not cross county boundaries : so for instance , Ballyshannon rural sanitary district was split into Ballyshannon No . 1 , Ballyshannon No . 2 and Ballyshannon No . 3 rural districts in Counties Donegal , Fermanagh and Leitrim respectively . The Local Government Act 1925 abolished rural districts in the Irish Free State , creating a single rural sanitary district for the non-urban portion of each county , called the `` county health district '' . The Local Government ( Amendment ) ( No . 2 ) Act , 1934 allowed this district to be split on request of the county council ; this happened only in County Cork , the largest county , which was split into three health districts .
Scotland
Sanitary districts were not formed in Scotland . By the Public Health ( Scotland ) Act 1867 public health duties were given to the town councils , commissioners or trustees of burghs , and to parochial boards . In 1890 the public health duties of parochial boards were allocated to the newly created county councils , administered by district committees .
See also
List of sanitary districts in Buckinghamshire
List of sanitary districts in Dorset
List of sanitary districts in Middlesex
Sources
Local Government Areas 1834 - 1945 , V D Lipman , Oxford , 1949
Guide to the Local Administrative Units of England ( 2 vols . ) F A Youngs , London , 1991
Public Health Act 1872 ( 35 & 36 Vict . c.79 )
Public Health Act 1875 ( 38 & 39 Vict . c.55 )
Public Health ( Ireland ) Act 1878 ( 41 & 42 Vict . c.52 )
Status details for Rural Sanitary District visionofbritain.org.uk
References
Sanitary districts of the United Kingdom
1870s establishments in the United Kingdom
1890s disestablishments
Mahaparva is a T.V . serial in Kannada directed by actor-director T. N. Seetharam and telecast during 2013–14 . It has a large audience throughout Karnataka and telecast during prime time between 9.30 p.m. and 10.00 p.m. from Monday to Friday . The director T.N.Seetharam plays a role of advocate and other actors in the T.V.Serial include Sundarraj , Srinivasa Prabhu , Sudha Belawadi , Rashmi , Shashank Purushotham , Shruti raghunanda , Chandan Shankar G. K. Govinda Rao etc .
Plot
The plot of the serial revolves around a traditional Indian family engaged in manufacturing of Ayurvedic medicines and other simultaneous stories on underworld dons , political activities are also part of the plot . CSP , the criminal lawyer , a popular role played by the director himself , helps the family in legal suits .
References
Indian television series
Kannada-language television shows
Colors Kannada original programming
Tine Tollan ( born 16 September 1964 ) is a Norwegian diver . She was born in Tønsberg . She competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles , in both platform , where she placed 12th , and in springboard .
References
External links
1964 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Tønsberg
Norwegian female divers
Olympic divers of Norway
Divers at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Fábio Kolling , nickname Pinho ( born 9 October 1985 ) is a Brazilian footballer who plays for São Luiz . He spent most season in Rio Grande do Sul , Brazil .
Biography
Kolling signed a contract with Novo Hamburgo in January 2006 until the end of 2006 Campeonato Gaúcho . In March , he left for São Paulo de Rio Grande of Campeonato Gaúcho Segunda Divisão . He extended his contract with Novo Hamburgo in July ( until the end of Série C ) but returned to São Paulo de Rio Grande in September , for Copa FGF . He played his only Série C match on 6 August 2006 , winning Marcílio Dias 2–0 , the last group stage of the league , as substitute .
Kolling was transferred to FC Sopron in 2007 . He then spent 2 seasons in Challenge League side Concordia Basel .
Kolling returned to Brazil in December 2009 and played for Avenida in 2010 Campeonato Gaúcho . In April , he left for Passo Fundo and in August for amateur side Gramadense . In November 2010 he was re-signed by Avenida until the end of 2011 Campeonato Gaúcho but left for São Luiz in January 2011 .
References
External links
CBF Contract Record
Brazilian footballers
Esporte Clube Novo Hamburgo players
Sport Club São Paulo players
FC Sopron players
FC Concordia Basel players
Esporte Clube Avenida players
Esporte Clube São Luiz players
Brazilian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Hungary
Expatriate footballers in Switzerland
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Hungary
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Switzerland
Association football midfielders
Brazilian people of German descent
Sportspeople from Rio Grande do Sul
1985 births
Living people
Dhruv Chand Jurel ( born 21 January 2001 ) is an Indian cricketer who plays for Uttar Pradesh . He is a right-handed batter and wicket-keeper .
Career
Jurel made his Twenty20 debut on 10 January 2021 , for Uttar Pradesh in the 2020–21 Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy . Prior to his T20 debut , he was named as the vice-captain of India 's squad for the 2020 Under-19 Cricket World Cup . In February 2022 , he was bought by the Rajasthan Royals in the auction for the 2022 Indian Premier League tournament . He made his first-class debut on 17 February 2022 , for Uttar Pradesh in the 2021–22 Ranji Trophy .
References
External links
2001 births
Living people
Indian cricketers
Uttar Pradesh cricketers
I Want You Back ! Unreleased Masters is a Jackson 5 compilation released to celebrate the 40th anniversary of the band 's debut on Motown Records ; their debut single `` I Want You Back '' was issued October 7 , 1969 . The compilation , specifically designed to fit like a regular 1970s-era album , contains previously unreleased songs and alternate versions of some of the group 's hits .
Track listing
References
2009 compilation albums
Motown compilation albums
The Jackson 5 compilation albums
Richard Lawson ( born December 24 , 1969 , in Jamaica ) , known professionally as DJ Daddy Rich or DJ Richie Rich , is an American record producer and turntablist who was best known as a member of the New York-based rap trio 3rd Bass . He was part of The `` Supermen '' DJ crew which also included other top DJs such as Scratch , Clark Kent , Miz , Supreme , and Alladin . Rich also appeared in the movie `` Juice '' in the DJ battle scene , and recorded the scratches for the soundtrack . While working with 3rd Bass , he was one of the first DJs ever to do a DJ trick routine on TV when they appeared on The Arsenio Hall Show .
Larson attended Farmingdale State College .
Biography
With MC Serch and Pete Nice , Lawson formed the rap group 3 the Hard Way , which became 3rd Bass , in 1988 . After releasing two albums in 1989 and 1991 , the group split in 1992 . Rich and Pete Nice collaborated on their only release together , the 1993 album Dust to Dust , which peaked at # 171 on the Billboard 200 , # 50 on the Top R & B/Hip-Hop Albums and # 3 on the Top Heatseekers .
Rich produced the track `` I 'm Kurious '' for Kurious Jorge 's 1994 debut , A Constipated Monkey , before leaving the music business . He resurfaced briefly in 1999 on The Madd Rapper 's album Tell 'Em Why U Madd , providing scratches for the single `` Dot Vs . TMR . ''
Discography
3rd Bass
The Cactus Album , 1989
Cactus Revisited , 1990
Derelicts of Dialect , 1991
With Pete Nice
Dust to Dust , 1993
Production
`` I 'm Kurious '' from the Kurious album A Constipated Monkey , 1994
`` Dot Vs. TMR '' from The Madd Rapper album Tell 'Em Why U Madd , 1999
References
Def Jam Recordings artists
Musicians from Brooklyn
American hip hop DJs
Farmingdale State College alumni
East Coast hip hop musicians
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
The North Carolina Tar Heels men 's basketball team was founded in 1910 to represent the University of North Carolina in intercollegiate competition and has participated in the sport all but one season since its inception . Over the course of the team 's history , the Tar Heels ' performance has ranged from losing records to undefeated seasons resulting in a national championship .
During periods of both ascendancy and mediocrity , individual North Carolina players of exceptional ability have received various accolades . In total , Tar Heels have been named to an All-America team 83 times , an All-Atlantic Coast Conference team 138 times , and an All-Southern Conference team 34 times . Of the All-America selections , thirty-seven players received first-team honors a total of fifty-eight times . Sixteen players were named consensus first-team All-Americans a total of twenty-five times .
Tar Heels have won several nationally recognized individual awards , including the Bob Cousy Award , the Senior CLASS Award , Academic All-America of the Year , and several of the National Player of the Year awards . The College Basketball Hall of Fame has inducted four former North Carolina players , and the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame has enshrined three . Five former North Carolina head coaches have also been inducted into the College Basketball Hall of Fame .
All-Americans
Each year , numerous publications and organizations release lists of All-America teams , hypothetical rosters of players considered the best in the nation at their respective positions . Some selecting organizations choose more than one roster of All-Americans , in which case they use the terms `` first team '' , `` second team '' , and `` third team '' as appropriate . Some selectors also award honorable mentions to outstanding players who did not make any of their teams .
The National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) , a college sports governing body , uses officially recognized All-America selectors to determine the `` consensus '' selections . To earn `` consensus '' status , a player must win honors based on a point system computed from the four different all-America teams . The point system consists of three points for first team , two points for second team and one point for third team . No honorable mention or fourth team or lower are used in the computation . The top five totals plus ties are first team and the next five plus ties are second team . Over time , the sources used to determine the consensus selections have changed , and since 1997 , the NCAA has used these selectors to determine consensus All-Americans : Associated Press ( AP ) , the United States Basketball Writers Association ( USBWA ) , the Sporting News ( TSN ) , and the National Association of Basketball Coaches ( NABC ) .
In 1923 , Cartwright Carmichael was selected to the Helms first team , which made him the first North Carolina player to be named an All-American . In addition , Carmichael became the first Tar Heel first consensus All-American . Carmichael was also named a consensus All-American in 1924 , which made him the first of seven North Carolina players to receive the honor twice . Of those seven players , Jack Cobb and Tyler Hansbrough are the only Tar Heels players to achieve consensus First-team All America honors three times in their collegiate career . Fifteen other Tar Heels have earned consensus First-team All-America honors twenty-three times throughout the program 's history .
All-conference honorees
Just as the media recognizes the nation 's best players with All-America lists , individual athletic conferences honor their best players with `` all-conference '' selections . In 1921 , North Carolina joined the Southern Conference ( SoCon ) . A year later , Cartwright Carmichael and Monk McDonald became the first Tar Heels named to an All-Southern Conference team . North Carolina was a member of the league from 1921 to 1953 , and twenty-two Tar Heels received All-Southern Conference honors a total of thirty-four times .
After the 1952 season , North Carolina and six other schools left the Southern Conference to form the Atlantic Coast Conference ( ACC ) . The following year , the conference honored its inaugural season 's best players with an All-ACC team . In that initial class , one Tar Heel , Jerry Vayda , was selected to the second team . Since 1953 , North Carolina players have received first-team All-ACC honors a total of 73 times . Tar Heels have been named to All-ACC second or third teams an additional 64 times , although those teams have not been published continuously .
In 2002 , the Atlantic Coast Conference published the `` ACC 50th Anniversary Basketball Team '' , a list of the league 's fifty best players from its first half-century as chosen by a 120-member committee . North Carolina had the most selections of the ACC members . The list included twelve former Tar Heels : Billy Cunningham , a Tar Heel forward and center from 1962 to 1965 ; Brad Daugherty , a center from 1982 to 1986 ; Walter Davis , a guard and forward from 1973 to 1977 ; Phil Ford , a guard from 1974 to 1978 ; Antawn Jamison , a forward from 1995 to 1998 ; Bobby Jones , a forward from 1971 to 1974 ; Michael Jordan , a guard from 1982 to 1984 ; Larry Miller , a forward from 1964 to 1968 ; Sam Perkins , a forward and center from 1981 to 1984 ; Lennie Rosenbluth , a forward from 1954 to 1957 ; Charlie Scott , a guard from 1967 to 1970 ; and James Worthy , a forward from 1979 to 1982 .
All-Southern Conference
Award Recipients
Various organizations bestow awards recognizing the best player overall or at a specific position , and some of these annual awards are considered highly prestigious honors . In 1926 , forward Jack Cobb was named the Helms Foundation College Basketball Player of the Year , the most outstanding intercollegiate men 's basketball player in the United States . George Glamack won the Helms award for player of the year for two consecutive years , in 1940 and 1941 . In 1957 , the Helms Foundation bestowed its player of the year award to Lennie Rosenbluth . Guard Phil Ford won four National Player of Year awards for his efforts during the 1987–88 season . Upon the conclusion of the 1982 NCAA tournament , Tar Heel James Worthy was named NCAA basketball tournament Most Outstanding Player ( NCAA MOP ) for his efforts during the tournament that year . In 1983 , Sporting News awarded its player of the year award to Michael Jordan . The following year , Jordan swept all the National Player of Year awards . After the 1993 NCAA tournament , guard Donald Williams was named the NCAA MOP . In 1998 , Antawn Jamison was consensus National Player of Year after he won all the National Player of Year awards . In 2005 , point guard Raymond Felton won the Bob Cousy Award , for the nation 's best point guard . After the 2005 NCAA tournament 's conclusion , Sean May was named NCAA MOP . That same year , Marvin Williams was named the National Freshman of the Year by the USBWA . The succeeding year , Tyler Hansbrough won the same award . Two years later , in 2008 , Hansbrough was swept all the National Player of Year awards . In 2009 , Ty Lawson won the Bob Cousy award for his efforts at the point guard position in the 2008–09 season . Hansbrough won the Senior CLASS Award which is given each year to the outstanding senior NCAA Division I Student-Athlete of the Year in men 's basketball . After completing the 2009 NCAA tournament , guard Wayne Ellington was named NCAA MOP . Center and forward Tyler Zeller won the Academic All-America of the Year award in 2012 . Also in 2012 , Kendall Marshall won the Bob Cousy award .
Since North Carolina joined the Atlantic Coast Conference in 1953 , fourteen Tar Heels have been named ACC Player of the Year fifteen times . The only Tar Heel to repeat as winner of ACC Player of the Year was Larry Miller in 1967 and 1968 . The ACC Rookie of the Year title was first awarded during the 1976 season and since its creation nine North Carolina players have won the award , with the most recent being Harrison Barnes in 2011 . Nine North Carolina basketball players have won the Anthony J. McKevlin Award for the ACC 's male athlete of the year ten times . The lone Tar Heel to win the award twice was Phil Ford in 1977 and 1978 .
After his national championship-winning season in 1957 , Frank McGuire received Coach of the Year honors from the UPI and the ACC . Dean Smith won the ACC Coach of the Year eight times before retiring . Smith also won coach of the year from the NABC in 1977 for leading the Tar Heels to the National Championship Game and from the NABC in 1993 after he helped coach the Tar Heels to a national championship victory . In 1998 Bill Guthridge won the Coach of the Year awards for the Naismith , NABC , and ACC . Matt Doherty won the AP Coach of the Year award in 2001 . The Commonwealth Athletic Club of Kentucky presented its Coach of the Year award , the Adolph Rupp Cup , to Roy Williams in 2006 for leading the Tar Heels to the NCAA Tournament after much of the roster due to graduation or for the NBA draft .
Players
Coaches
Hall of Fame inductees
The National Collegiate Basketball Hall of Fame has commemorated many of the sport 's most outstanding and most innovative personalities . Among them are four former North Carolina players and five former North Carolina head coaches .
College Basketball Hall of Fame
Glossary
References
Citations
North Carolina Tar Heels basketball honorees
Hripsime School for Girls ( ) or Hripsimian Women 's Gymnasium , was an all-female gymnasium founded in 1850 in Yerevan , then part of the Erivan Governorate of the Russian Empire . Located on Amiryan Street , the building of the gymnasium is intact and included in the list of immovable historical and cultural monuments of the Kentron District of Yerevan , the capital of Armenia .
History
The school was founded in 1850 in Yerevan by means of the Yerevan Department of the Women 's Charity Society after Saint Nina . Initially called the Hripsime Girl 's College , in 1884 it became the Feminized pharmacology , then in 1898 it became the female gymnasium . It has been subordinated to state school authorities and operated by state programs .
The training was in Russian . They taught Armenian , Russian , Persian , Mathematics , Geography and Handicraft .
In 1866 , a preparatory class was opened with the following new subjects : biology , botany , general education along with Russian history , French , aesthetics , painting , music and more .
In 1904 , the eighth additional classroom was opened in the departments of the Russian language and mathematics .
In 1917 , 526 pupils studied at the Hripsime female gymnasium , of which 352 were Armenians .
In 1918 , the school for girls became nationalized and the teaching of Armenian was emphasized .
In 1921 it was turned into a second-grade gymnastic school , and named after Alexander Miasnikian later in 1925 .
The building
The building of Hripsime School for Girls is included in the list of immovable monuments of history and culture of the Kentron District as a historical and cultural monument of republican significance . It was built in 1898 and the project was created by Architect Ivan Vagapov . The building has been reconstructed by the design of Vasily Mirzoyan in 1905 . The third floor is added on the yard , and on the right is a two-story new building with a basement and a horse-rink . That segment is still standing today .
The Armenian Ministry of Care and Labor has been operating in this building from 1918-1920 .
There is information that the Bryusov Institute was founded in this building . Later , various state institutions were deployed here .
In 1982 , the building was renovated to move the Yerevan History Museum to the Blue Mosque . The renovation of the building lasted more than a decade . When the museum moved here in 1994 , the renovation had not been completed , the exhibition halls were not built , so the Yerevan History Museum had not organized any exhibitions .
In 1997 , the museum moved from this building and the building was privatized .
In 1997 , when it became clear that the building would be sold and the Yerevan History Museum would move to another building , the museum began to fight to stay in that building . Many citizens and political and public figures have organized protests and pickets . Finally , the Yerevan History Museum moved from the Amiryan 28/6 building to the Stephan Shahumyan main school .
Current status of the building
In 1996 , the building was bought by a British-Armenian businessman , Vache Manukyan . In the same year , he also bought the Sevan hotel and pledged to rebuild it for five years , but eventually refused to leave the building .
From 1996 to 1997 , when the Yerevan History Museum was moved from the building , it did not serve any purpose and was not used . To this day , the doors of the building are closed and the backyard of the building has been blocked because of the construction of a multi-storey building .
In 1996 , when Vache Manukyan purchased the gymnasium building , it was still not included in the list of immortal historical and cultural monuments as a protected monument . Consequently , a consignment agreement has not been signed with the buyer . The building was included in the list of preserved monuments only in 2004 . Since that time the contract of sale has not changed and the building maintenance contract has not been concluded .
Gallery
References
Buildings and structures in Yerevan
`` All That I 've Got '' is the second single from the Used album In Love and Death . It was released to radio and music video December 2004 . The song was dedicated to Bert McCracken 's dog , David Bowie , who was hit by a truck during the making of the album . An acoustic version was later released on iTunes . It also appeared on the Saints Row 2 soundtrack .
Meaning
The song is about lead singer Bert McCracken 's girlfriend dying of an overdose while pregnant . It is also believed to be partially inspired by the death of his pet dog in the month after this .
Track listings
All songs written by the Used .
CD single 1
CD single 2
Personnel
The Used
Bert McCracken – vocals
Quinn Allman – guitar
Jeph Howard – bass
Branden Steineckert – drums
Charts
Acoustic version
An acoustic version of `` All That I 've Got '' was released on iTunes on June 28 , 2005 , the same day as the acoustic version of `` Lunacy Fringe '' .
Notes
The Used songs
2004 singles
Music videos directed by Marc Webb
2004 songs
Warner Records singles
Reprise Records singles
Song recordings produced by John Feldmann
Songs written by Quinn Allman
Songs written by Jeph Howard
Songs written by Bert McCracken
Songs written by Branden Steineckert
This is a list of California Community Colleges by enrollment for community colleges in the California Community Colleges System .
Ranking
References
See also
Community Colleges
California Community Colleges
The qilin ( ; ) is a legendary hooved chimerical creature that appears in Chinese mythology , and is said to appear with the imminent arrival or passing of a sage or illustrious ruler . Qilin are a specific type of the mythological family of one-horned beasts . The qilin also appears in the mythologies of other cultures , such as Japanese and Korean mythology , where it is known as the kirin , and Vietnamese mythology , where it is known as the kỳ lân .
Origins
Earliest mention of this mythical horned beast is in the poem included in the Classic of Poetry ( 11th - 7th c. BCE ) . Spring and Autumn Annals mentioned that a lin ( ) was captured in the 14th year of Duke Ai of Lu ( ) ; Zuo Zhuan credited Confucius with identifying the lin as such .
The bisyllabic form qilin ( ~ ) , which carries the same generic meaning as lin alone , is attested in works dated to the Warring States period ( 475 - 221 BCE ) . Qi denotes the male and lin denotes the female ( e.g . in Shuowen Jiezi )
The legendary image of the qilin became associated with the image of the giraffe in the Ming dynasty . The identification of the qilin with giraffes began after Zheng He 's 15th-century voyage to East Africa ( landing , among other places , in modern-day Somalia ) . The Ming Dynasty bought giraffes from the Somali merchants along with zebras , incense , and various other exotic animals . Zheng He 's fleet brought back two giraffes to Nanjing and they were referred to as `` qilins '' , with meaning giraffe in Somali . The identification of qilin with giraffes has had a lasting influence : even today , the same word is used for the mythical animal and the giraffe in both Korean and Japanese .
Axel Schuessler reconstructs 's Old Chinese pronunciation as * gərin . Finnish linguist Juha Janhunen tentatively compares * gərin to an etymon reconstructed as * kalimV , denoting `` whale '' ; and represented in the language isolate Nivkh and four different language families Tungusic , Mongolic , Turkic and Samoyedic , wherein * kalay ( ә ) ng means `` whale '' ( in Nenets ) and * kalVyǝ `` mammoth '' ( in Enets and Nganasan ) . As even aborigines `` vaguely familiar with the underlying real animals '' often confuse the whale , mammoth , and unicorn : they conceptualized the mammoth and whale as aquatic , as well as the mammoth and unicorn possessing a single horn ; for inland populations , the extant whale `` remains ... an abstraction , in this respect being no different from the extinct mammoth or the truly mythical unicorn . '' However , Janhunen cautiously remarks that `` [ t ] he formal and semantic similarity between * kilin < * gilin ~ * gïlin 'unicorn ' and * kalimV 'whale ' ( but also Samoyedic * kalay- 'mammoth ' ) is sufficient to support , though perhaps not confirm , the hypothesis of an etymological connection '' , and also notes a possible connection between Old Chinese and Mongolian ( * ) kers ~ ( * ) keris ~ ( * ) kiris `` rhinoceros '' ( Khalkha : ) .
Description
Qilin generally have Chinese dragon-like features : similar heads with antlers , eyes with thick eyelashes , manes that always flow upward , and beards . The body is fully or partially scaled and often shaped like an ox , deer , or horse . They are always shown with cloven hooves . While dragons in China ( and thus qilin ) are also most commonly depicted as golden , qilin may be of any color or even various colors , and can be depicted as bejeweled or exhibiting a jewel-like brilliance .
The qilin is depicted throughout a wide range of Chinese art , sometimes with parts of their bodies on fire .
Legends tell that qilin have appeared in the garden of the legendary Yellow Emperor and in the capital of Emperor Yao ; both events bore testimony to the benevolent nature of the rulers . It has also been told that the birth of the great sage Confucius was foretold by the arrival of a qilin .
Qilin as unicorns
In modern times , the depictions of qilin have often fused with the Western concept of unicorns . Qilin ( ) is often translated into English as `` unicorn '' , and can sometimes be depicted as having a single horn - although this is misleading , as qilin may also be depicted as having two horns , and a separate word , `` one-horned beast '' ( ) is used in modern Chinese for `` unicorns '' . A number of different Chinese mythical creatures can be depicted with a single horn , and a qilin , even if depicted with one horn , would be called a `` one-horned qilin '' in Chinese , not a `` unicorn '' .
Nevertheless , the mythical and etymological connections between the creatures have been noted by various cultural studies and even the Chinese government , which has minted silver , gold , and platinum commemorative coins depicting both archetypal creatures .
Other cultural representations
East Asia
Japan
Kirin , which has also come to be used in the modern Japanese word for a giraffe , are similar to qilin . Japanese art tends to depict the kirin as more deer-like than in Chinese art . Alternatively , it is depicted as a dragon shaped like a deer , but with an ox 's tail instead of a lion 's tail . They are also often portrayed as partially unicorn-like in appearance , but with a backwards curving horn .
Korea
Girin or kirin ( ) is the Korean form of qilin . It is described as a maned creature with the torso of a deer , an ox tail with the hooves of a horse . The girin were initially depicted as more deer-like , however over time they have transformed into more horse-like . They were one of the four divine creatures along with the dragon , phoenix and turtle . Girin were extensively used in Korean royal and Buddhist arts .
In modern Korean , the term `` girin '' is used for `` giraffe '' .
Southeast Asia
Thailand
In Thailand , the qilin is known as `` '' ( ) , and is a member of the pantheon of Thai Himapant forest mythical animals . It is most probable that the Gilen was introduced into the pantheon under the influence of the Tai Yai who came down from Southern China to settle in Siam in ancient times , and the legend was probably incorporated into the Himapant legends of Siam in this manner . The Gilen is a mixture of various animals , which come from differing elemental environments , representing elemental magical forces present within each personified creature . Many of the Himapant animals actually represent gods and devas of the Celestial Realms , and bodhisattvas , who manifest as personifications which represent the true nature of each creature deity through the symbolism of the various body parts amalgamated into the design of the Mythical creature .
In Phra Aphai Mani , the masterpiece epic poem of Sunthorn Phu , a renowned poet of the 18th century . There is a monster that is Sudsakorn 's steed , one of the main characters in the epic . This creature was called `` Ma Nin Mangkorn '' ( , `` ceylonite dragon horse '' ) , it is depicted as it has diamond fangs , ceylonite scales , and a birthmark on the tongue . It was a mixture of horse , dragon , deer antlers , fish scales , and Phaya Nak tail , with has black sequins all over . Its appearance resembles a qilin .
Gallery
See also
Nian
Chinthe
Chimera
Chinese dragon
Four Holy Beasts
Giraffe
Longma
Pixiu
Questing Beast
Serpopard
Shaanxi Kylins
Shisa
Singha
Sin-you
Sudsakorn ( involving a similar creature that aided the protagonist , known as Mar Nin Mang Korn )
Unicorn
Xiezhi
Yali
References
External links
Chinese legendary creatures
Fictional giraffes
Four benevolent animals
Japanese legendary creatures
Korean legendary creatures
Mythological deer
Unicorns
Arthur V. Evans is an American entomologist and author , focusing on beetle taxonomy .
Evans has written several books about animals and species , which are currently held in over 7,444 total libraries worldwide . One of his books , Beetles of Eastern North America , was published by Princeton University Press and was positively reviewed .
Evans grew up in the Antelope Valley just north of Los Angeles and attended Palmdale High School , graduating in 1975 . He then attended California State University , Long Beach , where he received his bachelor 's in entomology in 1981 and a master 's in biology with an emphasis in entomology in 1984 . He earned his PhD in entomology from the University of Pretoria in 1988 .
In 2000 , he stepped down after 10 years as Director of the Insect Zoo at the Natural History Museum of Los Angeles County , moving to Virginia , where he became a Research Associate of the Smithsonian Institution
He also co-hosted a radio show called What 's Bugging You ? on WCVE-FM .
References
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
21st-century American zoologists
American science writers
American entomologists
Coleopterists
Scientists from Los Angeles
University of California alumni
University of Pretoria alumni
Entomological writers
Smithsonian Institution people
Ogonowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Legnickie Pole , within Legnica County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south-western Poland . Prior to 1945 it was known as Kaudewitz Germany .
References
Ogonowice
In cryptography , signcryption is a public-key primitive that simultaneously performs the functions of both digital signature and encryption .
Encryption and digital signature are two fundamental cryptographic tools that can guarantee the confidentiality , integrity , and non-repudiation . Until 1997 , they were viewed as important but distinct building blocks of various cryptographic systems . In public key schemes , a traditional method is to digitally sign a message then followed by an encryption ( signature-then-encryption ) that can have two problems : Low efficiency and high cost of such summation , and the case that any arbitrary scheme can not guarantee security . Signcryption is a relatively new cryptographic technique that is supposed to perform the functions of digital signature and encryption in a single logical step and can effectively decrease the computational costs and communication overheads in comparison with the traditional signature-then-encryption schemes .
Signcryption provides the properties of both digital signatures and encryption schemes in a way that is more efficient than signing and encrypting separately . This means that at least some aspect of its efficiency ( for example the computation time ) is better than any hybrid of digital signature and encryption schemes , under a particular model of security . Note that sometimes hybrid encryption can be employed instead of simple encryption , and a single session-key reused for several encryptions to achieve better overall efficiency across many signature-encryptions than a signcryption scheme but the session-key reuse causes the system to lose security under even the relatively weak CPA model . This is the reason why a random session key is used for each message in a hybrid encryption scheme but for a given level of security ( i.e. , a given model , say CPA ) , a signcryption scheme should be more efficient than any simple signature-hybrid encryption combination .
History
The first signcryption scheme was introduced by Yuliang Zheng in 1997 . Zheng also proposed an elliptic curve-based signcryption scheme that saves 58 % of computational and 40 % of communication costs when it is compared with the traditional elliptic curve-based signature-then-encryption schemes . There are also many other signcryption schemes that have been proposed throughout the years , each of them having its own problems and limitations , while offering different levels of security and computational costs .
Scheme
A signcryption scheme typically consists of three algorithms : Key Generation ( Gen ) , Signcryption ( SC ) , and Unsigncryption ( USC ) . Gen generates a pair of keys for any user , SC is generally a probabilistic algorithm , and USC is most likely deterministic . Any signcryption scheme should have the following properties :
Correctness : Any signcryption scheme should be verifiably correct .
Efficiency : The computational costs and communication overheads of a signcryption scheme should be smaller than those of the best known signature-then-encryption schemes with the same provided functionalities .
Security : A signcryption scheme should simultaneously fulfill the security attributes of an encryption scheme and those of a digital signature . Such additional properties mainly include : Confidentiality , Unforgeability , Integrity , and Non-repudiation . Some signcryption schemes provide further attributes such as Public verifiability and Forward secrecy of message confidentiality while the others do not provide them . Such properties are the attributes that are required in many applications while the others may not require them . Hereunder , the above-mentioned attributes are briefly described .
Confidentiality : It should be computationally infeasible for an adaptive attacker to gain any partial information on the contents of a signcrypted text , without knowledge of the sender 's or designated recipient 's private key .
Unforgeability : It should be computationally infeasible for an adaptive attacker to masquerade as an honest sender in creating an authentic signcrypted text that can be accepted by the unsigncryption algorithm .
Non-repudiation : The recipient should have the ability to prove to a third party ( e.g . a judge ) that the sender has sent the signcrypted text . This ensures that the sender can not deny his previously signcrypted texts .
Integrity : The recipient should be able to verify that the received message is the original one that was sent by the sender .
Public verifiability : Any third party without any need for the private key of sender or recipient can verify that the signcrypted text is the valid signcryption of its corresponding message .
Forward secrecy of message confidentiality : If the long-term private key of the sender is compromised , no one should be able to extract the plaintext of previously signcrypted texts . In a regular signcryption scheme , when the long-term private key is compromised , all the previously issued signatures will not be trustworthy any more . Since the threat of key exposure is becoming more acute as the cryptographic computations are performed more frequently on poorly protected devices such as mobile phones , forward secrecy seems an essential attribute in such systems .
Applications
Signcryption is seen to have several applications including the following :
Secure and authentic email .
E-commerce and M-commerce applications that often require confidentiality , authenticity , and perhaps non-repudiation .
See also
Authenticated encryption
References
Public-key cryptography
This is a list of local authority districts within Greater London , including 32 London boroughs and the City of London . The London boroughs were all created on 1 April 1965 . Upon creation , twelve were designated Inner London boroughs and the remaining twenty were designated Outer London boroughs . The Office for National Statistics has amended the designations of three boroughs for statistics purposes only . Three boroughs have been granted the designation royal borough and one has city status . For planning purposes , in addition to the boroughs and City there are also two active development corporations , the London Legacy Development Corporation and Old Oak and Park Royal Development Corporation .
List of boroughs and local authorities
City of London
The City of London is the 33rd principal division of Greater London but it is not a London borough .
See also
Political make-up of London borough councils
List of areas of London
Subdivisions of England
Notes
References
External links
London Councils : List of inner/outer London boroughs
London Boroughs Map
Boroughs
is a private women 's junior college in Uwajima , Ehime , Japan , established in 1966 .
External links
Official website
Japanese junior colleges
Educational institutions established in 1966
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Universities and colleges in Ehime Prefecture
1966 establishments in Japan
Marquis Trinnell Smith ( born January 13 , 1975 , in San Diego , California ) is a former American football safety and linebacker of the National Football League . He was originally drafted by the Cleveland Browns in the third round of the 1999 NFL Draft . He played college football at California
Personal life
References
1975 births
Living people
Players of American football from San Diego
American football safeties
American football linebackers
California Golden Bears football players
Cleveland Browns players
Carolina Panthers players
Oakland Raiders players
Hamburg Sea Devils players
An Abstract of a Book lately Published , full title An Abstract of a Book lately Published ; Entitled , A Treatise of Human Nature , & c. Wherein the Chief Argument of that Book is farther Illustrated and Explained is a summary of the main doctrines of David Hume 's work A Treatise of Human Nature , published anonymously in 1740 . There has been speculation about the authorship of the work . Some scholars believe it was written by Hume 's friend , the economist Adam Smith . Most believe it was written by Hume himself , in an attempt to popularise the Treatise .
In The Philosophical Quarterly in 1976 , and again in Hume Studies 1991 , J. O. Nelson challenged the received view that Hume wrote the Abstract , arguing that Adam Smith wrote it . His case depends on the identity of the 'Mr Smith ' referred
to in a letter of 4 March , 1740 from Hume at Ninewells to Francis Hutcheson at Glasgow .
My Bookseller has sent to Mr Smith a Copy of my Book , which I hope he has receiv ‘ d , as well as your Letter . I have not yet heard what he has done with the Abstract . Perhaps you have . I have got it printed in London ; but not in the Works of the Learned ; there having been an article with regard to my Book , somewhat abusive , printed in that Work , before I sent up the Abstract ?
Keynes and Sraffa argued that the `` Mr Smith '' was John Smith , Hutcheson 's Dublin publisher , and that Hume wrote the Abstract ( as all the internal evidence suggests ) . Norman Kemp Smith , in a review of the Keynes and Sraffa edition , also accepted this , as well as pointing out the entry on Hume in Watkins Biographical Dictionary attributing authorship of the Abstract to Hume , suggesting that the author of the entry possessed inside information about Hume 's motives in publishing the Abstract . Nelson has argued that `` Mr Smith '' was Adam Smith ( at that time , still a student ) . David Raynor has argued that all of the presently available internal and external evidence suggests that Hume wrote the Abstract .
References
R.W.Connon , M. Pollard , `` On the authorship of Hume 's Abstract '' , The Philosophical Quarterly 1977 .
John O. Nelson , `` The Authorship of the Abstract Revisited , '' Hume Studies 17 , no . 1 ( April 1991 ) : 83-86 .
John O. Nelson , `` Has the Authorship of An Abstract of a Treatise of Human Nature Really Been Decided ? '' The Philosophical Quarterly 26 , no . 102 ( January 1976 ) : 91 .
`` New Books '' , Norman Kemp Smith , Mind 1938 XLVII ( 188 ) :522-524 ,
An Abstract of a Book lately Published ; Entitled , A Treatise of Human Nature , & c. Wherein the Chief Argument of that Book is farther Illustrated and Explained , ( London , 1740 ) .
`` The Authorship of the Abstract Revisited '' David Raynor , Hume Studies , Volume XIX , Number 1 ( April , 1993 ) 213-215 .
1740 books
David Hume
Philosophy books
Works published anonymously
Treatises
Lin Fong-cheng ( ; born 20 March 1940 ) is a Taiwanese politician . He was the Vice Chairman of the Kuomintang from April 2007 to April 2014 .
Kuomintang Secretary-General
2005 Mainland China visit
In April 2005 , Lin joined Lien Chan and other Pan-Blue officials to visit mainland China . Prior to their departure , Lin said that the trip aimed to seek constructive dialogue on the peaceful development of cross-strait relations .
Kuomintang Vice Chairmanship
May 2009 Mainland China visit
In May 2009 , Lin joined Wu Po-hsiung and other Kuomintang high officials to visit Mainland China for an 8-day visit . He and the delegations visited several Chinese Mainland cities , from Beijing , Hangzhou , Nanjing and Chongqing .
July 2009 Mainland China visit
In July 2009 , Lin and delegates participated in the 5th Cross-Strait Economic , Trade and Culture Forum in Changsha , Hunan on 11–12 July . The forum ended with a joint proposal to promote cultural exchanges across the Taiwan Strait . After the forum , they visited Mawangdui .
2013 cross-strait forum
In June 2013 , Lin attended a cross-strait forum in Xiamen , Fujian in which the Chinese mainland officials unveiled more measures to increase exchanges and cooperation with Taiwan . The forum was attended by Zhang Zhijun , Director of Taiwan Affairs Office and Yu Zhengsheng , Chairman of the National Committee of the CPPCC .
April 2014 Mainland China visit
In early April 2014 , Lin visited Xi'an , Shaanxi to meet with Zhao Zhengyong , the Secretary of the Shaanxi Provincial Committee of the Communist Party of China . They attended public memorial ceremony for Yellow Emperor . Zhao made a remark saying that Lin has made great efforts to promote the cross-strait exchanges and cooperation , and added that people from both sides are family . He also hoped that the two sides could appreciate the hard-won prospect , further expand the cooperation and benefit the people .
References
Taiwanese Ministers of the Interior
Living people
1940 births
Taiwanese Ministers of Transportation and Communications
A nose cone is the conically shaped forwardmost section of a rocket , guided missile or aircraft , designed to modulate oncoming airflow behaviors and minimize aerodynamic drag . Nose cones are also designed for submerged watercraft such as submarines , submersibles and torpedoes , and in high-speed land vehicles such as rocket cars and velomobiles .
Rockets
On a suborbital rocket vehicle it consists of a chamber or chambers in which a satellite , instruments , animals , plants , or auxiliary equipment may be carried , and an outer surface built to withstand high temperatures generated by aerodynamic heating . Much of the fundamental research related to hypersonic flight was done towards creating viable nose cone designs for the atmospheric reentry of spacecraft and ICBM reentry vehicles .
In a satellite launch vehicle , the nose cone may become the satellite itself after separating from the final stage of the rocket , or it may be used as a payload fairing to shield the satellite until out of the atmosphere , then separating ( often in two halves ) from the satellite .
Aircraft
On airliners the nose cone is also a radome protecting the weather radar from aerodynamic forces .
The shape of the nose cone must be chosen for minimum drag so a solid of revolution is used that gives the least resistance to motion . The article on nose cone design contains possible shapes and formulas .
Hypersonic
Due to the extreme temperatures involved , nose cones for high-speed applications ( e.g . hypersonic speeds or atmospheric reentry of orbital vehicles ) have to be made of refractory materials . Pyrolytic carbon is one choice , reinforced carbon-carbon composite or HRSI ceramics are other popular choices . Another design strategy is using ablative heat shields , which get consumed during operation , disposing of excess heat that way . Materials used for ablative shields include , for example carbon phenolic , polydimethylsiloxane composite with silica filler and carbon fibers , or as in of some Chinese FSW reentry vehicles , oak wood .
In general , the constraints and goals for atmospheric reentry conflict with those for other high-speed flight applications ; during reentry a high-drag blunt reentry shape is frequently used , which minimises the heat transfer by creating a shock wave that stands off from the vehicle , but some very-high-temperature materials may permit sharper-edged designs .
Nose cone design
Given the problem of the aerodynamic design of the nose cone section of any vehicle or body meant to travel through a compressible fluid medium ( such as a rocket or aircraft , missile or bullet ) , an important problem is the determination of the nose cone geometrical shape for optimum performance . For many applications , such a task requires the definition of a solid of revolution shape that experiences minimal resistance to rapid motion through such a fluid medium , which consists of elastic particles .
See also
Aircraft fairing
Droop nose ( aeronautics )
Inlet cone
Payload fairing
References
Rocketry
Aircraft components
Nobody 's Baby is a 2001 comedy film written and directed by David Seltzer and starring Gary Oldman and Skeet Ulrich .
Plot
In this comedy , Billy Raedeen ( Skeet Ulrich ) escapes the law after being convicted with his partner in crime Buford Bill ( Gary Oldman ) . On his way to Utah , Billy rescues a baby from an auto wreck and decides to keep it though he knows next to nothing about caring for an infant . He gets help from diner waitress Shauna Louise ( Radha Mitchell ) and her neighbor Estelle ( Mary Steenburgen ) . When Buford tracks Billy down , he sees the baby as a monetary potential . However , Billy and Shauna Louise have grown attached to the child and they are not willing to give her up .
Cast
Skeet Ulrich as Billy Raedeen
Gary Oldman as Buford Bill
Radha Mitchell as Shauna Louise
Mary Steenburgen as Estelle
Gordon Tootoosis as Dog Havasu
Anna Gunn as Stormy
Peter Greene as Vern
Matthew Modine as Sonny
Ed O'Neill as guy in car dealership
Release
Following its premiere at the 2001 Sundance Film Festival , the film was not released theatrically . It received a USA home video release on August 20 , 2002 .
Reception
Geoffrey Gilmore , director of the Sundance Film Festival , called the film `` a pure delight from start to finish '' :
If you were impressed watching Oldman play a congressman , wait until you see him do comedy and line dance ! With terrific turns by Mary Steenburgen and Radha Mitchell , Utah scenery , hilarious dialogue , and the best joke in a film this side of Something about Mary , Nobody 's Baby is a wonderfully entertaining odyssey that should bring Seltzer nothing but accolades .
Variety , reviewing the film after its January 21 , 2001 premiere at Sundance , described it as `` aim [ ing ] somewhere between Dumb and Dumber and Three Men and a Baby . The film 's `` witless script wrings few laughs from its retread conceits ... What 's most toxic , however , is having to watch these actors sweat for their paychecks . Oldman vanishes into mutton chops and Walter Brennan mannerisms , gamely making an idiot of himself , to absolutely no humorous result .... Steenburgen , Greene and O'Neill are allowed to be little more than unpleasant ; Matthew Modine surfaces in a nothing role . Twinkling amidst the cow pies , Ulrich clearly relishes playing dum-dum , and his disarming sweetness lends the film whatever fleeting conviction it can claim . ''
Review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes records a 0 % approval rating and a 3.95/10 average score , based on six reviews .
References
External links
2001 films
2001 comedy films
American comedy films
Artisan Entertainment films
Films directed by David Seltzer
2000s English-language films
Films produced by Boaz Davidson
2000s American films
Let the Whole World Sing is an album by Jimmy Sturr and His Orchestra , released through Rounder Records on August 5 , 2008 . In 2009 , the album won the group the Grammy Award for Best Polka Album .
Track listing
`` Heartaches by the Number '' ( Harlan Howard ) – 1:53
`` Let the Whole World Sing It with Me '' ( Noe ) – 1:53
`` Suck It In '' ( Garrett ) – 2:51
`` Hank 's Magic '' ( Sturr ) – 3:49
`` The Wedding Song '' ( Betteridge ) – 2:40
`` I Love You Because '' ( Leon Payne ) – 1:57
`` Stop What You 're Doin ' '' ( Mechem , Seibert , Viglietta ) – 3:10
`` Manhattan Spiritual '' ( Billy Maxted ) – 2:50
`` Polkaholic '' ( Harris , Wing ) – 2:31
`` Wojenko '' – 3:11
`` Connecticut Oberek '' ( Przasnyski ) – 2:09
`` Love and Laughter '' ( DiPreta , Prose ) – 4:05
`` Last Date '' ( Floyd Cramer ) – 3:39
`` Polka Sturred '' ( Wing ) – 2:31
Personnel
Ray Barno Orchestra – Sax ( Baritone )
Ian Betteridge – Composer
Dennis Coyman – Drums
Floyd Cramer – Composer
Nick Devito – Clarinet , Sax ( Alto )
Joe Donofrio – Producer , Mixing
Pat Garrett – Composer
Devon Guillery – Design
Ted Harris – Composer
Allen Henson – Vocals ( background )
Harlan Howard – Composer
Ken Irwin – Producer , Mixing
The Jordanaires – Vocals ( background )
Johnny Karas – Sax ( Tenor ) , Vocals
Dave Kowalski – Engineer
Kevin Krauth – Trumpet
Joe Magnuszewski – Clarinet , Sax ( Alto )
Raul Malo – Vocals , Guest Appearance
Billy Maxted – Composer
Dr. Toby Mountain – Mastering
Dale Noe – Composer
Louis Dean Nunley – Vocals ( background )
Ted Olson – Liner Notes
Eric Parks – Trumpet
Rich Pavasaris – Bass
Leon Payne – Composer
Al Piatkowski – Accordion
Tom Pick – Producer , Mixing , Overdub Engineer
Nancy Seibert – Composer
Keith Slattery – Piano
Jimmy Sturr – Arranger , Composer , Mixing
Steve `` Rocky '' Swiader – Accordion
Dana Sylvander – Trombone
Frank Urbanovitch – Fiddle , Vocals
Terry Waddell – Arranger
Henry Will – Arranger
Lance Wing – Composer , Vocals , Guest Appearance
Curtis Young – Vocals ( background )
See also
Polka in the United States
References
2008 albums
Jimmy Sturr albums
Rounder Records albums
Grammy Award for Best Polka Album
In mathematics , a well-order ( or well-ordering or well-order relation ) on a set S is a total order on S with the property that every non-empty subset of S has the least element in this ordering . The set S together with the well-order relation is then called a well-ordered set . In some academic articles and textbooks these terms are instead written as wellorder , wellordered , and wellordering or well order , well ordered , and well ordering .
Every non-empty well-ordered set has the least element . Every element s of a well-ordered set , except a possible greatest element , has a unique successor ( next element ) , namely the least element of the subset of all elements greater than s. There may be elements besides the least element which have no predecessor ( see below for an example ) . A well-ordered set S contains for every subset T with an upper bound a least upper bound , namely the least element of the subset of all upper bounds of T in S .
If ≤ is a non-strict well ordering , then < is a strict well ordering . A relation is a strict well ordering if and only if it is a well-founded strict total order . The distinction between strict and non-strict well orders is often ignored since they are easily interconvertible .
Every well-ordered set is uniquely order isomorphic to a unique ordinal number , called the order type of the well-ordered set . The well-ordering theorem , which is equivalent to the axiom of choice , states that every set can be well ordered . If a set is well ordered ( or even if it merely admits a well-founded relation ) , the proof technique of transfinite induction can be used to prove that a given statement is true for all elements of the set .
The observation that the natural numbers are well ordered by the usual less-than relation is commonly called the well-ordering principle ( for natural numbers ) .
Ordinal numbers
Every well-ordered set is uniquely order isomorphic to a unique ordinal number , called the order type of the well-ordered set . The position of each element within the ordered set is also given by an ordinal number . In the case of a finite set , the basic operation of counting , to find the ordinal number of a particular object , or to find the object with a particular ordinal number , corresponds to assigning ordinal numbers one by one to the objects . The size ( number of elements , cardinal number ) of a finite set is equal to the order type . Counting in the everyday sense typically starts from one , so it assigns to each object the size of the initial segment with that object as last element . Note that these numbers are one more than the formal ordinal numbers according to the isomorphic order , because these are equal to the number of earlier objects ( which corresponds to counting from zero ) . Thus for finite n , the expression `` n-th element '' of a well-ordered set requires context to know whether this counts from zero or one . In a notation `` β-th element '' where β can also be an infinite ordinal , it will typically count from zero .
For an infinite set the order type determines the cardinality , but not conversely : well-ordered sets of a particular cardinality can have many different order types ( see , below , for an example ) . For a countably infinite set , the set of possible order types is uncountable .
Examples and counterexamples
Natural numbers
The standard ordering ≤ of the natural numbers is a well ordering and has the additional property that every non-zero natural number has a unique predecessor .
Another well ordering of the natural numbers is given by defining that all even numbers are less than all odd numbers , and the usual ordering applies within the evens and the odds :
0 2 4 6 8 ... 1 3 5 7 9 ...
This is a well-ordered set of order type ω + ω . Every element has a successor ( there is no largest element ) . Two elements lack a predecessor : 0 and 1 .
Integers
Unlike the standard ordering ≤ of the natural numbers , the standard ordering ≤ of the integers is not a well ordering , since , for example , the set of negative integers does not contain the least element .
The following relation R is an example of well ordering of the integers : x R y if and only if one of the following conditions holds :
x = 0
x is positive , and y is negative
x and y are both positive , and x ≤ y
x and y are both negative , and |x| ≤ |y|
This relation R can be visualized as follows :
0 1 2 3 4 ... −1 −2 −3 ...
R is isomorphic to the ordinal number ω + ω .
Another relation for well ordering the integers is the following definition : x ≤z y if and only if ( |x| < |y| or ( |x| = |y| and x ≤ y ) ) . This well order can be visualized as follows :
0 −1 1 −2 2 −3 3 −4 4 ...
This has the order type ω .
Reals
The standard ordering ≤ of any real interval is not a well ordering , since , for example , the open interval ( 0 , 1 ) ⊆ [ 0,1 ] does not contain the least element . From the ZFC axioms of set theory ( including the axiom of choice ) one can show that there is a well order of the reals . Also Wacław Sierpiński proved that ZF + GCH ( the generalized continuum hypothesis ) imply the axiom of choice and hence a well order of the reals . Nonetheless , it is possible to show that the ZFC+GCH axioms alone are not sufficient to prove the existence of a definable ( by a formula ) well order of the reals . However it is consistent with ZFC that a definable well ordering of the reals exists—for example , it is consistent with ZFC that V=L , and it follows from ZFC+V=L that a particular formula well orders the reals , or indeed any set .
An uncountable subset of the real numbers with the standard ordering ≤ can not be a well order : Suppose X is a subset of R well ordered by ≤ . For each x in X , let s ( x ) be the successor of x in ≤ ordering on X ( unless x is the last element of X ) . Let A = { ( x , s ( x ) ) | x ∈ X } whose elements are nonempty and disjoint intervals . Each such interval contains at least one rational number , so there is an injective function from A to Q . There is an injection from X to A ( except possibly for a last element of X which could be mapped to zero later ) . And it is well known that there is an injection from Q to the natural numbers ( which could be chosen to avoid hitting zero ) . Thus there is an injection from X to the natural numbers which means that X is countable . On the other hand , a countably infinite subset of the reals may or may not be a well order with the standard `` ≤ '' . For example ,
The natural numbers are a well order under the standard ordering ≤ .
The set { 1/n : n =1,2,3 , ... } has no least element and is therefore not a well order under standard ordering ≤ .
Examples of well orders :
The set of numbers { − 2−n | 0 ≤ n < ω } has order type ω .
The set of numbers { − 2−n − 2−m−n | 0 ≤ m , n < ω } has order type ω2 . The previous set is the set of limit points within the set . Within the set of real numbers , either with the ordinary topology or the order topology , 0 is also a limit point of the set . It is also a limit point of the set of limit points .
The set of numbers { − 2−n | 0 ≤ n < ω } ∪ { 1 } has order type ω + 1 . With the order topology of this set , 1 is a limit point of the set . With the ordinary topology ( or equivalently , the order topology ) of the real numbers it is not .
Equivalent formulations
If a set is totally ordered , then the following are equivalent to each other :
The set is well ordered . That is , every nonempty subset has the least element .
Transfinite induction works for the entire ordered set .
Every strictly decreasing sequence of elements of the set must terminate after only finitely many steps ( assuming the axiom of dependent choice ) .
Every subordering is isomorphic to an initial segment .
Order topology
Every well-ordered set can be made into a topological space by endowing it with the order topology .
With respect to this topology there can be two kinds of elements :
isolated points — these are the minimum and the elements with a predecessor .
limit points — this type does not occur in finite sets , and may or may not occur in an infinite set ; the infinite sets without limit point are the sets of order type ω , for example N .
For subsets we can distinguish :
Subsets with a maximum ( that is , subsets which are bounded by themselves ) ; this can be an isolated point or a limit point of the whole set ; in the latter case it may or may not be also a limit point of the subset .
Subsets which are unbounded by themselves but bounded in the whole set ; they have no maximum , but a supremum outside the subset ; if the subset is non-empty this supremum is a limit point of the subset and hence also of the whole set ; if the subset is empty this supremum is the minimum of the whole set .
Subsets which are unbounded in the whole set .
A subset is cofinal in the whole set if and only if it is unbounded in the whole set or it has a maximum which is also maximum of the whole set .
A well-ordered set as topological space is a first-countable space if and only if it has order type less than or equal to ω1 ( omega-one ) , that is , if and only if the set is countable or has the smallest uncountable order type .
See also
Tree ( set theory ) , generalization
Ordinal number
Well-founded set
Well partial order
Prewellordering
Directed set
References
Binary relations
Order theory
Wellfoundedness
Ordinal numbers
Reed Nunataks ( ) is a cluster of nunataks that form a divide between the upper portions of the Reeves and Larsen Glaciers , six nautical miles ( 11 km ) west of Hansen Nunatak , in Victoria Land . Mapped by the United States Geological Survey ( USGS ) from surveys and U.S. Navy aerial photographs , 1956–62 . Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names ( US-ACAN ) for David E. Reed , USGS Topographic Engineer at McMurdo Station , 1964–65 .
Nunataks of Victoria Land
Scott Coast
Dennis Fenton ( November 20 , 1888 – March 29 , 1954 ) was an American sport shooter and Olympic champion . He was born in Ventry , Ireland , and died in San Diego , California .
In 1920 he won three gold and one bronze medal . He also participated in the 300 metre free rifle , three positions but his final placing is unknown . Four years later he won again a bronze medal . In the 1924 Summer Olympics he also participated in the following events :
Team 100 metre running deer , double shots - fifth place
100 metre running deer , single shots - twelfth place
600 metre free rifles - 24th place
100 metre running deer , double shots - 24th place
References
External links
Profile : `` Dennis Fenton '' databaseOlympics.com ( Retrieved on January 17 , 2008 )
1888 births
1954 deaths
American male sport shooters
United States Distinguished Marksman
Running target shooters
ISSF rifle shooters
Shooters at the 1920 Summer Olympics
Shooters at the 1924 Summer Olympics
Olympic gold medalists for the United States in shooting
Olympic bronze medalists for the United States in shooting
Medalists at the 1920 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 1924 Summer Olympics
19th-century American people
20th-century American people
Opine , also spelled O'Pine , is an unincorporated community in Covington County , Alabama , United States .
History
A post office operated under the name Opine from 1880 to 1891 .
References
Unincorporated communities in Covington County , Alabama
Unincorporated communities in Alabama
Melchior Franck ( c. 1579 – 1 June 1639 ) was a German composer of the late Renaissance and early Baroque eras . He was a hugely prolific composer of Protestant church music , especially motets , and assisted in bringing the stylistic innovations of the Venetian School north across the Alps into Germany .
Life
Details of his early life are sparse , as is common for composers of the time . He was born in Zittau , and possibly studied with Christoph Demantius there , and also later with Adam Gumpelzhaimer in Augsburg . By 1601 Franck was in Nuremberg , as a music teacher ; there he met Hans Leo Hassler , and learned from him both the Venetian polychoral style and the polyphonic style of the high Renaissance , both of which he incorporated into his own composition .
In 1602 he took a position as Kapellmeister in Coburg to Prince Johann Casimir , and he remained in Coburg for the rest of his life . For the earlier portion of this time , the situation was ideal for him ; he was supported by his patron , and had the resources necessary to carry on his composing . Unfortunately the Thirty Years ' War devastated the region around Coburg ; in addition to the military depredations , typhus brought by the armies depopulated the entire region and ruined the economy . Franck was fortunate in being able to make a living throughout this terrible period as a musician , unlike his contemporary at Halle , Samuel Scheidt , who lost his Kapellmeister post . Unfortunately , though , Franck 's wife and two of his children died .
Works
Franck was a popular composer , and wrote an enormous amount of music , including more than 40 books of motets for a total of over 600 motets alone ; in addition he wrote secular songs , including quodlibets , psalm settings , bicinia , tricinia , instrumental dances and numerous miscellaneous pieces .
His motets are varied in style . Many are chorale motets , an exclusively Protestant variation of the motet , and these are written in German . Almost all use the late Renaissance idiom of Lassus , with carefully controlled dissonance and smoothly flowing polyphony . Some are simple and homophonic , and pay unusually close attention to text setting ( this was also a trend in the music of the concurrent Catholic Counter-Reformation , and represented a reaction against the music of the previous generations ) . Others are written in the polychoral style related to the Venetian practice , with the important difference that there is no spatial separation of the choirs : the antiphonal parts are all within the group . However the most unusual is a collection from 1602 called Contrapuncti , which are early examples of fugues . They are strictly contrapuntal , and include real answers ; occasionally the points of imitation use stretto . Each successive point of imitation uses as its text the successive verse of the chorale being set .
Even though most of his motets use frankly Renaissance contrapuntal idiom , he often used the basso continuo , a relatively recent innovation of the early Baroque , and also used instrumental doublings of the vocal parts .
Franck was a conservative composer who was contemporary with the more famous , and much more progressive , Heinrich Schütz ; however his works were popular and often reprinted during his lifetime .
References
Article `` Melchior Franck '' , in The New Grove Dictionary of Music and Musicians , ed . Stanley Sadie . 20 vols . London , Macmillan Publishers Ltd. , 1980 .
Manfred Bukofzer , Music in the Baroque Era . New York , W.W. Norton & Co. , 1947 .
The Concise Edition of Baker 's Biographical Dictionary of Musicians , 8th ed . Revised by Nicolas Slonimsky . New York , Schirmer Books , 1993 .
External links
Renaissance composers
German Baroque composers
German classical composers
1570s births
1639 deaths
17th-century classical composers
German male classical composers
17th-century male musicians
James Monroe High School is the only public high school in Monroe County , West Virginia . It has 493 students by the methods of the WVSSAC . The building is also home to the Monroe County Vocational Technical Center .
The school is located in Lindside , West Virginia . It was formed in 1994 by consolidation of the former Peterstown and Union high schools . It is named for James Monroe .
The school 's teams are stylized `` Mavericks '' and is expressed with western themes . The school sponsors interscholastic teams for young men and women in basketball and soccer , for young men in baseball and football , and for young women in softball and volleyball . The school also sponsors 11 non-athletic student organizations .
Athletics
James Monroe offers football , volleyball , boys ' and girls ' soccer , boys ' and girls ' basketball , baseball , and softball .
Football
State Championship Appearances
JMHS Varsity Football lost in the WV State Championship to Bluefield in 2007 , with a score of 20-12
Volleyball
State Championship Appearances
In 2008 , JMHS Varsity Volleyball came runner-up in the State Championship
In 2014 , JMHS Varsity Volleyball won the State Championship against Clay County
References
External links
Official website
Public high schools in West Virginia
Education in Monroe County , West Virginia
Vrhovac is a surname . Notable people with the surname include :
Aleksandar Vrhovac ( born 1972 ) , Bosnia and Herzegovina footballer
Maksimilijan Vrhovac ( 1752–1827 ) , Croatian Roman Catholic bishop
Vedran Vrhovac , ( born 1998 ) , Bosnian professional footballer
Serbian surnames
Croatian surnames
Christoph Scheurl or von Scheurl ( 11 November 1481 – 14 June 1542 ) was a German jurist , diplomat and humanist who became famous for arranging a humanistic friendship between Johann Eck and Martin Luther .
Life
Scheurl was born in Nuremberg the eldest son of Christoph Scheurl from Wroclaw in Silesia , and his wife , Helena Tucher .
In 1496 he went to Heidelberg University to study Law , moving in 1498 to the University of Bologna in Italy to complete his studies . He graduated in 1506 .
In 1507 , with the support of Johann von Staupitz , he was elected Professor of Law at Wittenberg University , under the patronage of Frederick the Wise . He began lecturing in April 1507 . In 1512 he returned to Nuremberg , his role primarily being that of a diplomat . In 1519 he travelled to Aragon to represent Nuremberg in the formal congratulations to the newly crowned Charles V , Holy Roman Emperor . In 1522 he was an ambassador in the negotiations with Archduke Ferdinand regarding aiding the Turks in Vienna . In Nuremberg he was also a friend of Albert Durer .
He was among the first people to have Luther 's 95 theses printed and distributed .
He died on 14 June 1542 .
Family
In 1518 he married Katharina Futterer .
Works ( selected )
De rebus gestis Alberti Ducis Saxioniae
De Vita Ant . Cressenis
Tractatus de sacerdorum & ecclesiasticarum rerum praestantia , Leipzig 1511
Lib . De laudibus Germaniae & Ducum Saxoniae , Leipzig 1508
Epist . Ad Charit . Pirckhameram , Nuernberg 1513
Epist . Ad Charit . Pirckhameram , Nuernberg 1513
Epist . Ad Staupitium de statu sive regimine reipubl . Noricae
Epist . Ad Petr . Bernstein , 1580
References
Sources
Heinz Kathe : Die Wittenberger Philosophische Fakultät 1501–1817 . Böhlau , Cologne 2002 ,
Walter Friedensburg : Geschichte der Universität Wittenberg . Max Niemeyer , Halle ( Saale ) 1917
Irene Dingel und Günther Wartenberg : Die Theologische Fakultät Wittenberg 1502 bis 1602 . Leipzig 2002 ,
Felix Streit : Christoph Scheurl , der Ratskonsulent von Nürnberg , und seine Stellung zur Reformation . Neupert Verlag , Plauen 1908
1481 births
1542 deaths
Writers from Nuremberg
German male writers
16th-century German jurists
Jurists from Bavaria
İnalköy , Gazipaşa is a village in the District of Gazipaşa , Antalya Province , Turkey .
References
Villages in Gazipaşa District
Kolokoba is a village and rural commune in the Cercle of Sikasso in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali . The commune covers an area of 249 square kilometers and includes 10 villages . In the 2009 census it had a population of 3,242 . The main village of Kolokoba , the chef-lieu of the commune , is 38 km west-southwest of Sikasso .
References
External links
.
Communes of Sikasso Region
Brolæggerstræde 2 is a 4-storey apartment building situated at the corner of Brolæggerstræde and Badstuestræde in the Old Town of Copenhagen , Denmark . The building was listed on the Danish registry of protected buildings and places in 1950 . Otto Frello , who owned it from 1966 until his death , has painted a trompe-l'œil mural of a door on the first floor .
History
18th century
The site was in the late 17th century made up of two separate properties . One of them was as No.115 in Snaren 's Quarter ( Snarens Kvarter ) by 1689 owned by turner Johan Trimand . The other one was as No . 116 owned by turner Christen Treiner . These properties had by 1756 been divided into three three properties . The small corner property was No 94 was owned by Lars Bøgvadt . The adjacent property in Badstuestræde was as No . 993 owned by Mathias Hansen and the adjacent property in Brolæggerstræde was as 99 owned by chairmaker Jacob Jensen Lindholm .
The three properties were together with most of the other buildings in the area destroyed in the Copenhagen Fire of 1795 and subsequently merged into a single property . The current building on the site was constructed in 1797 for tea merchant Knud Steenberg . Stenberg ran a tea store from the walk-out basement .
19th century
At the time of the 1801 census , No . 03 was home to a total of 32 people distributed on seven households . Ludolfine Frideriche Lillie , a tea and coffee merchant , resided in the building with her 11-year-old grandson Knud Magnus Steenberg . Peder Schive , a clockmaker , resided in the building with his wife Anna Henriette Schrøder , their one-year-old son Jacob Svend Schive and one maid . Abraham Joseph Cohen and Susanne Jacoba Bærentz , a Jewish couple , resided in the building with a five-year-old son from the husband 's first marriage , a 25-year-old son from the wife 's first marriage , two maids and two lodgers . Peter Foersom and Hanne Cathrine Ebbesen , both of them actors at the Royal Danish Theatre , resided in the building with their two daughters ( aged one and four ) . Hanne Cathrine Ebbesen 's mother , Cathrine Margrethe Ebbesen . was also a resident of the building . Lazarus Abraham Levi , a second hand clothing retailer , resided in the building with his wife Mette Levi , their four children ( aged five to 10 ) , two lodgers and one maid . Peter Larsen Holm , a smith at the Royal Naval Dockyards , resided in the basement with his wife Else Andersdatter and their eight-year-old daughter Marie Holm .
The property was listed in the new cadastre of 1806 as No . 122 . It was by then owned by tea merchant Johan Lohrenz ,
At the time of the 1840 census , No . 122 was home to a total of 35 people . Hans Christian Voldenberg Truelsen , a royal clerk ( kgl . copiist ) . resided on the ground floor with his wife Albertine Frederikke Møller and the 15-year-old Christiane Thunboe who was receiving private tutoring . Carl Nicolai Buchleister and Henriette Lassen , a couple living on their means , resided in the other ground floor apartment with their three children ( aged 10 to 15 ) and one maid . Peder Wulff Ramus , an assistant in Danmarks Nationalbank , resided on the first flor with his wife Margrethe Dyrborg and a 21-year-old servant . Louise Dorthea Dannefeldt , a 32-year-old unmarried needleworker , resided in the other first floor apartment with a maid and a lodger . Georg Martin Halvor Schmidt , a captain on paid leave , resided in one of the second floor apartments with his wife Frederike Catharine , their two children and a 21-year-old student lodger . Niels Nymann , a master tailor , resided in the other second floor apartment with his wife Ane Andersen , their five-year-old daughter Therisia Nymann and the wife 's 80-year-old uncle Peter Andersen . Lars Petersen , a grocer ( urtekræmmer ) , resided in the basement with his wife Dorthe Frederike Petersen ( née Winther ) and two employees . Hans P. Møller , a master shoemaker , resided in the other basement apartment with his wife Marie Normann , their three children ( aged 10 to 15 ) and two foster children ( aged nine and 11 ) with the surname Wordtman .
At the time of the 1860 census , No . 122 was home to a total of 27 people . A. C. v. Osten , a 44-year-old widow , resided in one of the ground floor apartments with her two children ( aged nine and 15 ) and one lodger . Carl Ludvig Steen , an assistant , resided in the other ground floor apartment with his wife Elisabeth Steen and one lodger . Edward Cohen , a Royal Danish Mail clerk , resided in the building with his wife Charlotte Amalie Wandel Cohen , their two-year-old son and one maid . Marie Walentin , a 33-year-old widow , resided in the other first floor apartment with her twi-year-old daughter Selma Alende and one maid . Peter Henrichsen , a carpenter , resided in one of the second floor apartments with his wife Christine Henrichsen and their three children ( aged 13 to 22 ) . Heinrich Schneider , a teacher , resided in the other second floor apartment with his wife Thora Schneider and their two-year-old son Martinus Julius Schneider . Lars Petersen , the 65-year-old proprietor of the grocery shop ( urtelræmmer ) in the basement , resided in the associated dwelling with his wife Dorthea Frederike Petersen , two employees and one maid .
20th century
The building was refurbished in 1960 under supervision of the architect Svend Lindholm ( born 1917 ) . The artist Otto Frello purchased the property in 1966 and members of his family owned and lived in it until 2016 . The new owner , Ejendomsselskabet V.S . Larsen A/S , a property company , carried out a comprehensive restoration of the building . In 2018 it was sold for DKK 32.5 .
Architecture
Brolæggerstræde 2 is constructed with three floors over a walk-out basement . It has six bays towards Brolægggerstræde , a chamfered corner bay and five bays towards Badstuestræde .
The building has a total floor area of 622 square metres . Many original doors , panels , floors and other details in the building have been preserved .
The first floor features a trompe-l'œil mural of a door painted by Otto Frello . He has also created other eclectic details , including a glazed niche in one of the bathrooms with coins and banknotes and a built-in clock .
Cultural references
The art gallery in the basement , then Gallerie Toulouse , was used as a location in the 1961 film Een blandt mange .
Gallery
References
External links
Photograph from 1940
Drawings in the Danish National Art Library
Listed residential buildings in Copenhagen
Residential buildings completed in 1797
Vittorio Tosto ( born 14 June 1974 in Marina di Cariati , Cosenza ) is an Italian footballer who plays as a defender .
References
External links
1974 births
Living people
Italian footballers
Italy under-21 international footballers
U.S. Salernitana 1919 players
Torino F.C . players
S.S.D . Lucchese 1905 players
U.S. Avellino 1912 players
U.C . Sampdoria players
Piacenza Calcio 1919 players
S.S.C . Napoli players
Genoa C.F.C . players
Ascoli Calcio 1898 F.C . players
Empoli F.C . players
Serie A players
Serie B players
Association football defenders
Sportspeople from the Province of Cosenza
ACF Fiorentina players
Footballers from Calabria
This Marriage Business is a 1938 American comedy film directed by Christy Cabanne from a screenplay by Gladys Atwater and J. Robert Bren , based on a story by Mel Riddle and Alex Rubin . The film stars Allan Lane , Jack Carson , Victor Moore , and Vicki Lester . Produced by RKO Radio Pictures , which also distributed the film , it was released on April 8 , 1938 .
Plot summary
Cast
Victor Moore as Jud Parker
Allan Lane as Bill Bennett
Vickie Lester as Nancy Parker ( as Vicki Lester )
Cecil Kellaway as Police Chief Hardy
Jack Carson as 'Candid ' Perry
Richard Lane as Joe Selby
Kay Sutton as Bella Lawson
Paul Guilfoyle as Frankie Spencer
Vinton Hayworth as Attorney Lloyd Wilson ( as Jack Arnold )
Frank M. Thomas as Mayor Frisbee
Leona Roberts as Mrs. Platt
George Irving as Madden
References
External links
1938 comedy films
1938 films
American comedy films
RKO Pictures films
American black-and-white films
Films produced by Cliff Reid
Films directed by Christy Cabanne
1930s American films
Phoxinus likai is a species of freshwater fish in the family Cyprinidae . It is found in the River Oruca system in Croatia . This species reaches a length of .
References
Phoxinus
Taxa named by Pier Giorgio Bianco
Taxa named by Salvatore De Bonis
Fish described in 2015
Yadrinsky District ( ; ) is an administrative and municipal district ( raion ) , one of the twenty-one in the Chuvash Republic , Russia . It is located in the northwest of the republic and borders with the Mari El Republic in the north , Morgaushsky District in the east , Alikovsky and Krasnochetaysky Districts in the south , and with Nizhny Novgorod Oblast in the west . The area of the district is . Its administrative center is the town of Yadrin . Population : The population of Yadrin accounts for 32.1 % of the district 's total population .
History
The district was established on September 5 , 1927 with the merger of 5 municipalities ( Leninskaya , Baldaevskaya , Malokarachkinskaya , Toraevskaya and Shumatovskaya ) and the city of Yadrin . The first head of the district was Alexander Ivanovich Markov .
Government
The Mayor of the city - Andrey Vladimirovich Agakov ( start 05.12.2011 ) . The Deputy - Larisa Polikarpova .
Geography
Demography
According to the 2010 Census , Chuvash make up 84 % of the district population . Other groups include Russians ( 15 % ) , and a host of smaller groups .
Economics
Famous people
Boris Cheendykov - writer , poet , translator
Zinovy Talantsev , businessman , politician and public figure ;
Nikolay Ashmarin , Russian and Soviet linguist , Turkologist ;
Nikolay Mordvinov , artist .
Alina Ivanova , athlete
References
Notes
Sources
Districts of Chuvashia
This is a list of properties and districts in Walker County , Georgia that are listed on the National Register of Historic Places ( NRHP ) .
Current listings
| }
References
Walker
Walker County , Georgia
SALT is a Turkish contemporary art institution . It was started by Vasif Kortun and Garanti Bank in 2011 , and has exhibition and workshop spaces in Istanbul and Ankara , Turkey . It combines the previous activities of the Garanti Gallery , the Ottoman Bank Archives and Research Centre and the Platform Garanti Contemporary Art Center of the bank . It is one of the six members of L'Internationale , a confederation of European art institutions ; the other member institutions are the Moderna galerija in Ljubljana , in Slovenia ; the Museo Nacional Centro de Arte Reina Sofía in Madrid , in Spain ; the Museu d'Art Contemporani de Barcelona in Barcelona , also in Spain ; the Museum van Hedendaagse Kunst Antwerpen in Antwerp , in Belgium ; and the Van Abbemuseum in Eindhoven , in the Netherlands .
Exhibition spaces
SALT has three exhibition spaces , all owned by Garanti Bank : the former headquarters of the Imperial Ottoman Bank in Galata , Istanbul ; a former apartment block , the Siniossoglou Apartments , in Beyoğlu , Istanbul ; and a former guest-house of the Ottoman Bank in Ulus , Ankara .
References
Art museums and galleries in Istanbul
Museums in Istanbul
Libraries in Turkey
Buildings and structures in Istanbul
Art museums established in 2011
2011 establishments in Turkey
Wild Choir was an American country music band . It consisted of Gail Davies ( lead vocals ) , Larry Chaney ( guitar ) , Pete Pendras ( guitar ) , Denny Dadmun-Bixby ( bass guitar ) , and Bob Mummert ( drums ) .
Davies thought of the idea upon returning from a trip to London , England in 1985 . Upon speaking with RCA executive Joe Galante , the band signed a recording contract with RCA Nashville . Along with a self-titled studio album , the band released three singles in 1986 . Although the lead single , `` Safe in the Arms of Love '' , did not chart , it would later become a major hit for both Michelle Wright and Martina McBride in 1995 respectively . Two singles from the album followed , the highest-charting being `` Heart to Heart '' , which reached number forty on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart .
Wild Choir 's singles received major criticism from country music radio . Many stations found the recordings to be too closely associated with rock music , believing it would not respond well with listeners . Although they did not achieve major chart success , Wild Choir has been cited as the forerunner of today 's Americana movement and has influenced other country bands , including Highway 101 and Foster & Lloyd . A second album was recorded by the band but was never released .
After Wild Choir disbanded , Gail Davies signed with MCA Records and produced an album with label president , Jimmy Bowen . She then proceeded to form her own record label - Little Chickadee Productions . Guitarist Larry Chaney went on to work with Edwin McCain . Pete Pendras teamed up with Neil Andersson from the Northwest band The Wailers to record several albums . Drummer Bob Mummert became a session musician . Denny Dadmun-Bixby joined a country group Great Plains and appeared as a background vocalist on Suzy Bogguss ' 1998 album Nobody Love , Nobody Gets Hurt .
Discography
Studio albums
Singles
Music videos
References
American country music groups
Musical groups established in 1985
Musical groups disestablished in 1987
RCA Records Nashville artists
1985 establishments in the United States
1987 disestablishments in the United States
The Russian cruiser Svetlana ( ) was a protected cruiser of the Imperial Russian Navy . She was the flagship of the Commander-in-Chief of the Imperial Russian Navy and was used as a royal yacht in peacetime . She was sunk in combat during Battle of Tsushima in the Russo-Japanese War .
Background and Design
Svetlana was constructed to provide Grand Duke Alexei Alexandrovich Romanov with a royal yacht . As the younger brother of Tsar Alexander III and uncle of Tsar Nicholas II , Grand Duke Alexei was commander-in-chief of the Imperial Russian Navy . The order was placed with Forges et Chantiers de la Méditerranée at Le Harve , France based on the design of the French .
The cruiser was equipped with six 152-mm Canet guns , ten 47-mm Hotchkiss guns and two torpedoes ; however , its armor was slightly less than that of her French sister ships . In place of the armor , Svetlana had luxurious facilities for the Grand Duke , including wooden decks , and an apartment with living room , study and bedroom and a large bathroom , together with a room for his servants .
Operational history
The shakedown cruiser of Svetlana was with a 388-man crew in the Mediterranean from Toulon . After successful completion of testing , she was sent directly to Lisbon to represent Russia at the 400th anniversary celebrations of the opening of a sea route to India by Vasco de Gama , where she hosted the Portuguese royal family . After returning via Le Harve for final repairs , she went to Kiel , where she was visited by officers from the Imperial German Navy before continuing on to her home port of Kronstadt on 23 June 1898 .
Grand Duke Alexei used his new yacht for the first time in early July for visits to ports around the Baltic Sea and for naval maneuvers . Svetlana accompanied the yacht of Grand Duke Mikhail Alexandrovich Romanov to a visit to Copenhagen in 1899 . On 22 May 1899 , Svetlana was used by Grand Duke Vladimir Alexandrovich Romanov on an expedition to Trondheim and Arkhangelsk ( from which the Grand Duke returned to St. Petersburg by train ) . Svetlana continued to Bear Island near Spitsbergen , evicting two German expeditions who were exploring for mineral resources and locations for a fishing station . She returned on 8 August 1899 to Kronstadt .
In 1900 , Svetlana took Grand Duke Alex to Reval , and at the end of June took members of the Russian Imperial Family to Kiel and Copenhagen . She continued to serve as a yacht for the Imperial household from 1901 to 1903 to ports around the Baltic Sea .
Russo-Japanese War
After the start of the Russo-Japanese War in 1904 , Grand Duke Alexei offered the use of Svetlana as part of the reinforcements to be sent to the Russian Pacific Fleet on 15 March 1904 . Svetlana was refitted with a new rangefinder and wireless system , and four of her Hotchkiss guns were replaced with 75-mm cannon . Assigned to the Second Pacific Squadron under the overall command of Admiral Dmitry von Fölkersam , she was greatly overloaded with stores and extra coal for the long voyage via the Suez Canal and Indian Ocean to the Pacific .
At the Battle of Tsushima , Svetlana led a squadron with the yacht and the auxiliary cruiser . At the start of the battle , the squadron fell back to protect the support vessels ; however at around 1500 hours , Svetlana was hit severely in the bow , putting her electrical system out of action . That evening , Svetlana initially joined the and under the overall command of Vice Admiral Oskar Enkvist in an attempt to evade the Japanese fleet and to flee to Manila . However , unable to match the speed of the more modern Russian cruisers , Svetlana then attempted to sail north for Vladivostok in the company of the destroyer Bystry . The pursuing Japanese caught up at daybreak close to the Korean coast , and Bystry was run aground , where her 82 crewmen ( including 10 men rescued from ) were captured .
At 0930 hours , the Japanese cruisers and , along with the destroyer had closed to within gunnery range of Svetlana . By 1035 , Svetlana was on fire , and began to sink at 1050 . Her final position was southwest of the island of Ulleungdo . As the Japanese cruisers continued north to pursue more reported Russian warships ( which turned out to be Norwegian whalers ) , the Japanese support vessel America Maru rescued the 290 survivors from Svetlana , of whom 23 were wounded . An estimated 169 crewmen of Svetlana were lost in the battle .
Footnotes
References
Corbett , Julian S. Maritime Operations in the Russo-Japanese War , 1904-1905 . Naval Institute Press ( 1994 reprint ) ,
Pleshakov , Constantine . The Tsar 's Last Armada , Basic Books , New York ( 2002 ) ,
Naval ships of Russia
1896 ships
Cruisers of the Imperial Russian Navy
Shipwrecks of the Russo-Japanese War
Maritime incidents in 1905
Nitro Zeus is the project name for a well funded comprehensive cyberattack plan created as a mitigation strategy after the Stuxnet malware campaign and its aftermath . Unlike Stuxnet , that was loaded onto a system after the design phase to affect its proper operation , Nitro Zeus 's objectives are built into a system during the design phase unbeknownst to the system users . This built-in feature allows a more assured and effective cyberattack against the system 's users .
The information about its existence was raised during research and interviews carried out by Alex Gibney for his Zero Days documentary film . The proposed long term widespread infiltration of major Iranian systems would disrupt and degrade communications , power grid , and other vital systems as desired by the cyberattackers . This was to be achieved by electronic implants in Iranian computer networks . The project was seen as one pathway in alternatives to full-scale war .
See also
Kill Switch
Backdoor ( computing )
Operation Olympic Games
References
Malware
Cyberwarfare
Computer hardware
The SC-76 Thunderbolt is a bolt-action sniper rifle manufactured by British company Steel Core Designs . It feeds from a detachable box magazine which holds 10 rounds of either .308 Winchester , or more commonly , 7.62x51mm NATO . It costs between $ 2500 and $ 3000 per unit and is sold on both the civilian and military markets . Simon Schofield , head of the Security and Defence Division of the Humanitarian Intervention Centre , has described the rifle as `` a serious bit of counterterrorism gear and built to be a bit civilian friendly ” . The rifle was considered for use by the Indian MARCOS special forces unit , but ultimately rejected in favour of the Tikka T3 ( designated the T3 TAC ) by Beretta .
Features
The SC-76 is designed primarily for police and military use , and to maximise accuracy , reliability under adverse conditions , as well as user ergonomics , it has various added features , such as :
600mm Picatinny rail
Match grade barrel , fitted with a muzzle brake
Fully adjustable bipod and monopod
Polymer stock
High tensile steel receiver
Two-stage trigger
See also
List of sniper rifles
Cyclone Rifle
References
7.62×51mm NATO rifles
Bolt-action rifles of the United Kingdom
Sniper rifles of the United Kingdom
Mr. & Ms. Special Edition was a weekly opposition tabloid magazine published from 1983 to 1986 that played a pivotal role in bringing about the downfall of the regime of Philippine President Ferdinand Marcos .
Background
Mr. & Ms. Special Edition was created by publisher Eugenia Apostol in response to the murder of opposition leader Benigno `` Ninoy '' Aquino upon his return from exile in the United States . National dailies were so intimidated by Marcos that coverage of the murder and Aquino 's funeral , attended by two million Filipinos , was negligible . Apostol , angered by the non-coverage , printed a newsprint edition of Mr. & Ms. the glossy variety magazine she published which reproduced reportage and comment from the international press .
To edit Mr. & Ms. Special Edition , Apostol recruited her friend Letty Jimenez Magsanoc , who was the editor of a Sunday magazine until she was sacked for writing an article which was perceived to be critical of Marcos .
The first issue had the bloodied face of Aquino 's corpse on the cover . Magsanoc and Apostol recruited a team of staffwriters to provide features that gave an alternative view of the pro-Marcos coverage of the daily newspapers . The Special Edition sold 750,000 copies on its first outing and continued to maintain sales of between 300,000 to 400,000 weekly .
Focused on the Aquino assassination and its aftermath , the Special Edition carried detailed coverage of the government-created Fact-Finding Board 's investigation of the murder . It also reported on other human rights abuses in the country .
The paper worked out of an abandoned space near the Mr. & Ms. offices , disguised with a sign on the door reading `` LJM Garments Factory '' ( after the editor 's initials ) . Working under threat , the editorial staff shuttled between Apostol 's home , the editorial office , and other locations to escape surveillance and arrest .
A biography of Apostol describes the impact of the Special Edition : `` There were other publications that covered the Aquino assassination and its aftermath , like WHO , Business Day , and Malaya . These papers helped enlarge the sphere of public information and stoke the spirit of democratic dissent . The Mr. & Ms. Special Edition , however , was the most effective in reaching a broad readership because of its bold , almost tabloidish , design ( with its heavy use of photographs and cartoons ) , aggressive reportage , and energetic writing . It was unique in the manner in which it gave free play to the burgeoning culture of popular resistance with its in-your-face reportage ( its maiden issue featured a blow-up of Aquino 's bloodied face ) , cartoons , and feature articles on phenomena like the epidemic of gallows humor and political jokes that came in the wake of the assassination . ''
The tabloid played a leading role in opposing the Marcos regime . Its front cover sported a graphic that counted the number of days since the unsolved murder of Aquino . When the 25 soldiers present at Aquino 's murder were put on trial , Apostol launched a weekly newspaper , the Philippine Inquirer , devoted to coverage of the trial . In 1986 , the Inquirer eventually metamorphosed as Philippine Daily Inquirer , which was the leading daily in the Philippines for many years .
After the People Power Revolution brought down the Marcos regime in February 1986 , Apostol , declaring that the Special Edition had achieved what it set out to do , quietly replaced the Mr. & Ms. Special Edition with the Agribusiness Weekly .
References
External links
iReport EDSA 20th Anniversary
Magazines published in the Philippines
Herald Froy may refer to :
Keith Waterhouse , who used the name as a pen name
Keith Waterhouse and Guy Deghy , who wrote How to Avoid Matrimony and Ninety years of Bohemia under the pen name
Bringing Down A Dictator is a 56-minute documentary film by Steve York about the nonviolent defeat of Serbian leader Slobodan Milosevic . It focuses on the contributions of the student-led Otpor ! movement . The film originally aired on national PBS in March 2002 . It was narrated by Martin Sheen and won the George Foster Peabody Award .
Other awards include :
ABCNews VideoSource Award -- - The International Documentary Association
Silver Chris Award -- - Columbus International Film and Video Festival
Bronze Plaque : Scriptwriting -- - Columbus International Film and Video Festival
Silver Plaque -- - The Chicago International Television Festival
Gold Remi -- - Worldfest Houston International Film Festival
Best Documentary -- - Sedona International Film Festival
Bringing Down A Dictator was broadcast several times in the former Republic of Georgia in the fall of 2003 and was credited with helping the citizens there organize their nonviolent protest against the electoral fraud linked to Eduard Shevardnadze , in what was called the Rose Revolution . In a February 9 , 2011 news piece on the Al-Jazeera-English channel , members of the youth leaders of the Egyptian Revolution of 2011 are seen watching Bringing Down A Dictator during an organizational meeting .
Screenings
2010 Zagreb International Film Festival
2010 Swarthmore College Peace Week
2008 Cairo Human Rights Film Festival
2007 Harvard University Program on Negotiation
2007 7islands Film Festival , India
2002 UCLA International Institute
2002 The Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars
2002 G6 Summit , Calgary , Canada
References
External links
A Force More Powerful Productions website
York Zimmerman Inc. website
Centre for Applied Nonviolent Action and Strategies Serbian Case
Documentary films about elections
2002 television films
2002 films
American documentary films
Films about dictators
Films set in Serbia
Documentary films about revolutions
Overthrow of Slobodan Milošević
Peabody Award-winning broadcasts
Films directed by Steve York
2002 documentary films
Cultural depictions of Slobodan Milošević
Documentary films about Serbia
2000s Serbian-language films
2000s American films
Antoine Racine ( January 26 , 1822 – July 17 , 1893 ) was a Canadian Roman Catholic priest and the 1st Bishop of Sherbrooke from 1874 to 1893 . He is buried in the Cathedral in Sherbrooke .
Séminaire Saint-Charles-Borromée ( known as St. Charles Seminary in English ) was founded by Racine in 1875 , the year after he became the first Bishop of Sherbrooke . A degree-granting institution , perhaps its most famous alumnus was Prime Minister of Canada Louis St. Laurent , who graduated in 1902 .
He is the namesake of Saint-Antoine-de-Padoue parish , also known as St-Antoine-de-Lennoxville .
References
External links
1822 births
1893 deaths
19th-century Roman Catholic bishops in Canada
Burials in Quebec
Roman Catholic bishops of Sherbrooke
Humibacter albus is a Gram-positive , strictly aerobic and motile bacterium from the genus Humibacter which has been isolated from sewage sludge from Porto in Portugal .
References
Microbacteriaceae
Bacteria described in 2008
Hall Place is a stately home in the London Borough of Bexley in south-east London , built in 1537 for Sir John Champneys , a wealthy merchant and former Lord Mayor of London . The house was extended in 1649 by Sir Robert Austen , a merchant from Tenterden in Kent . The house is a Grade I listed building and Scheduled Ancient Monument , and surrounded by a 65-hectare award-winning garden . It is situated on the A223 , Bourne Road , south of Watling Street ( A207 ) and north of the Black Prince interchange of the A2 dual carriageway and two lesser roads .
History
16th and 17th century
Building started on Hall Place in 1537 for wealthy merchant Sir John Champneys , Lord Mayor of the City of London . Building materials included stone recycled from a nearby former monastery , Lesnes Abbey . Sir John 's house consisted of a splendid central Great Hall crossed at one end by a service wing and at the other by high status family accommodation including a parlour and great chamber . The outer walls are a distinctive checkerboard pattern made of flint and rubble , a beautiful example of the masonry style popular in the late 15th and 16th century .
In 1649 , the house was sold to another wealthy City merchant , Sir Robert Austen ( 1587–1666 ) , who added a second wing built of red bricks , doubling the size of the house . Little attempt was made to harmonise the two halves , which were built in highly contrasting architectural styles . Austen was created 1st Baronet , of Hall Place in Bexley , on 10 July 1660 and briefly held the office of High Sheriff of Kent .
18th and 19th century
The house remained in the Austen family until the mid 18th century when Robert Austen died and the estate was purchased by a distant relative Sir Francis Dashwood . Sir Francis Dashwood was a politician and Chancellor of the Exchequer from 1762 to 1763 , but he was also a known rake and founder of the secret and immoral Hellfire Club . Hall Place was one of a number of properties owned and managed by the Dashwood family , whose principal home was West Wycombe Park in Buckinghamshire . From 1795 Hall Place was leased as a school for young gentlemen .
It was Maitland Dashwood , grandson of Sir Francis , who made the next set of significant changes to the fabric of Hall Place beginning in the 1870s . Maitland and his architect Robert William Edis added the lodge , linked the house to the water mains and altered the interior by adding much of the fine wood panelling and parquet flooring . These improvements were made to prepare the house for lease .
The 19th and early 20th century saw a series of short-term leases to the aristocratic and the fashionable . The tenants during this period reflected a new glamorous pre-war elite and included Baron Emile D'Erlanger and his American wife Matilda , a former Gaiety girl .
The last tenant of Hall Place was Lady Limerick who lived here alone from 1917 – 1943 , she added a number of mock-Tudor features including beams and fireplaces . Lady Limerick and the house appeared in a 1922 edition of County Life Magazine .
Second World War
In January 1944 the U.S Army 's Signal Corps 6811th Signal Service Detachment arrived at Hall Place to operate an intercept station , code named Santa Fe . This Y Station was set up in a new spirit of co-operation between British and American intelligence services .
The Signal Corps were to participate in the Enigma code breaking operation , Ultra . The Santa Fe Y station intercepted encoded Morse signals mostly from the German Air Force and the Luftwaffe . Radio aerial wires were strung over the rooftops and the Tudor Kitchen and Great Hall were converted into ‘ set rooms ' with banks of Hallicrafters radio receivers lined up on wood-plank tables . The Great Parlour became the soldier 's dormitory .
Post-war Hall Place was used as an annex to the local technical school for girls . From 1968 to 1995 the building was used as the headquarters of Bexley 's Libraries and Museums service .
Hall Place and gardens today
Today Hall Place is restored to its original Tudor and later 17th-century designs . The property is managed by the charity Bexley Heritage Trust .
In June 2005 Bexley Heritage Trust received a £2 million grant from the Heritage Lottery Fund to develop and improve the site for the benefit of visitors . This grant enabled the construction of the Riverside Cafe alongside the River Cray , a new visitor centre and an education suite . A 17th-century stable block was also converted into an art gallery , which displays works by local artists . The house itself is used as an exhibition space .
Gardens
The Hall Place estate includes 65 hectares of landscaped gardens and grounds , a topiary lawn , herb garden , tropical garden and long herbaceous cottage garden-styled borders .
The gardens at Hall Place were first opened to the public in 1952 by the Duchess of Kent . The famous topiary at Hall Place , the Queen 's Beasts , were planted in 1953 in celebration of the coronation of Queen Elizabeth II .
The former walled gardens include a tropical butterfly house and owl sanctuary . Specimen trees in the grounds include an Indian Bean Tree ( Catalpa bignonioides ) , a Redwood ( Sequoia sempervirens ) , and a Black Poplar ( Populus nigra ) - planted to commemorate the Queen 's Diamond Jubilee in 2012 by the local Mayor and the Deputy Lieutenant Of Bexley .
The site has achieved a Green Flag Award for excellence in a public park or garden for 20 consecutive years 1996 - 2016 , in recognition of the high standard of maintenance and cultivation at the site .
References
Bibliography
External links
Hall Place website
Danson House website
Old St Marys F.C .
Welling Website
Book review : `` The House of Broken Fortunes : Hall Place in the Twentieth Century ''
Hall Place and The Queen 's Beasts
Houses in the London Borough of Bexley
Parks and open spaces in the London Borough of Bexley
Grade I listed houses in London
Grade I listed museum buildings
Historic house museums in London
Art museums and galleries in London
Museums in the London Borough of Bexley
Local museums in London
History of the London Borough of Bexley
Country houses in London
Grade I listed buildings in the London Borough of Bexley
Y service
Robert or Rob Harris may refer to :
Entertainment
Robert Harris ( painter ) ( 1848–1919 ) , Canadian painter
Robert Harris ( English actor ) ( 1900–1995 ) , English actor
Robert H. Harris ( 1911–1981 ) , American actor
Robert Harris ( poet ) ( 1951–1993 ) , Australian poet
Robert Harris ( novelist ) ( born 1957 ) , British novelist
Robert A. Harris , American film preservationist
Robert J. Harris ( writer ) , Scottish academic and author
Robert S. Harris , video game programmer
J. Robert Harris ( 1925–2000 ) , U.S. composer of the 1967 Spider-Man television series theme
Rob Harris , guitarist with Jamiroquai and Shuffler
Politics and law
Robert Harris ( Pennsylvania politician ) ( 1768–1851 ) , U.S. congressman from Pennsylvania
Robert O. Harris ( 1854–1926 ) , U.S. congressman from Massachusetts
Robert O. Harris ( lawyer ) ( 1929–2007 ) , American labor lawyer
Robert J. Harris ( mayor ) ( 1930–2005 ) , lawyer , professor , and mayor of Ann Arbor , Michigan
Robert Harris ( diplomat ) ( born 1941 ) , governor of Anguilla
Robert Edward Harris , Canadian judge in Nova Scotia
Robert Harris ( MP for Steyning ) ( died 1588 ) , Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Steyning
Robert Harris ( died 1605 ) , MP for Reading
Religion
Robert Harris ( minister ) ( 1581–1658 ) , English Puritan
Robert Harris ( priest ) ( 1764–1862 ) , Anglican priest and educator
Robert Harris ( bishop ) ( born 1944 ) , bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Saint John , New Brunswick
Robert L. Harris , American prelate of the Episcopal Church
R. Laird Harris ( 1911–2008 ) , American church leader
Sports
Robert Harris ( golfer ) ( 1882–1959 ) , Scottish amateur golfer
Robert Harris ( basketball ) ( 1886–1964 ) , American basketball player and coach
Robert Harris ( American football ) ( born 1969 ) , former American football player
Robert Harris ( footballer ) ( born 1987 ) , Scottish football player
Rob Harris ( referee ) ( born 1957 ) , English football referee
Rob Harris ( curler ) ( born 1963 ) , Canadian curler
Rob Harris ( skysurfer ) ( 1966–1995 ) , American skysurfer
Rob Harris ( ice hockey ) ( born 1953 ) , American ice hockey player
Others
Robert Harris ( railroad manager ) ( 1830–1894 ) , American railroad president
Robert Harris ( Royal Navy officer ) ( 1843–1926 ) , British admiral
Robert B. Harris ( 1922–2014 ) , American sailboat designer
Robert Alton Harris ( 1953–1992 ) , American murderer
Robert Wayne Harris ( 1972–2012 ) , American mass murderer
See also
Bert Harris ( disambiguation )
Bob Harris ( disambiguation )
Robert Kirby-Harris ( born 1952 ) , administrator
George Harris , 4th Baron Harris ( 1851–1932 ) , George Robert Canning Harris , British politician and cricketer
Dame Judith Anne Kilpatrick ( born ) is a retired New Zealand nursing academic . After serving as head of the nursing school at the Auckland Institute of Technology , she moved to the University of Auckland , where she co-founded the School of Nursing in 1999 .
In the 1998 Queen 's Birthday Honours , she was appointed a Companion of the New Zealand Order of Merit , for services to nursing education . In the 2021 Queen 's Birthday Honours , she was promoted to Dame Companion of the same order , also for services to nursing education .
References
Living people
New Zealand nurses
University of Auckland faculty
Dames Companion of the New Zealand Order of Merit
Auckland University of Technology faculty
New Zealand medical researchers
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Thein Htay ( ) was the former Minister for Border Affairs and Minister for Industrial Development of Myanmar ( Burma ) . He was reassigned to the Myanmar Army in February 2013 , as the head of the Directorate of Defense Industries ( DDI ) carrying the rank of lieutenant general .
References
Government ministers of Myanmar
Burmese military personnel
1955 births
People from Shan State
Living people
Pauker or Paucker ( , ) is a surname of German origin . It may refer to :
Alexander Paucker ( 1905–1972 ) , Romanian composer
Ana Pauker ( 1893–1960 ) , Romanian politician
Karl Pauker ( 1893–1937 ) , Russian bodyguard
K. V. Pauker ( born 1944 ) , Swedish writer
Magnus Georg Paucker ( 1787–1855 ) , German astronomer and mathematician
Marcel Pauker ( 1896–1938 ) , Romanian politician
See also
Simmering-Graz-Pauker , an Austrian manufacturer
Jewish surnames
Yiddish-language surnames
Tetratheca pilosa is a flowering plant in the family Elaeocarpaceae , endemic to Australia . It is a small shrub found in dry sclerophyll forests , open heathlands and woodlands of Australia . It was first recorded in 1805 by French botanist Jacques Labillardière .
Description
Characterized by pink to mauve drooping ( pendulous ) , auxiliary , solitary flowers , which are radially symmetrical , consisting of 4 sepals and 4 petals , 6 mm long . Stamens usually 8 , opening by an apical pore and form a dark center to the flower above a superior ovary . Stamen tube widest between the base and the apex and are often hidden by the petals , hence the common name black eyed susan .
Stems are erect , unbranched or branched from the base . Leaves are green , narrow , distinctly alternate and slightly revolute or with recurved margins . Leaves can be hairless or have non-glandular hairs . Up to 15 mm in length . Tetratheca fruit have locules that dehisce as the fruit desiccates , releasing 1 to 5 seeds .
Distribution
Tetratheca pilosa is one of a few Tetratheca species that occurs in multiple states across Australia ( most other species are locally endemic ) . It is found in Tasmania , Victoria , the south east corner of South Australia and in a few localised patches in New South Wales .
Ecology
The species exists in open woodland , heathland and dry sclerophyll forests . The vegetation structure generally consists of a sparse understorey and an open canopy of Eucalyptus . Depending on substrate the canopy trees may be dominated by E. amygdalina , E. delegatensis or E. obliqua . A sparse understorey of Banksia marginata and Exocarpus cupressiformis is common . T. pilosa grows sparsely amongst other woody shrub species such as Epacris impressa , Pultenaea juniperina , Davisea latifolia . Ground cover usually consists of a sparse layer of Gonocarpus teucroides and a high coverage of fine litter and rocks .
T. pilosa does poorly when competing with other plants , but has a strong advantage in sandy , gravely , hydrophobic , acidic and nutrient poor soils . It persists on sandstone , Permian mudstone and siltstone and soils of granitic origins .
The black centre creates a target for native bees which are capable of buzz pollination . Buzz pollination requires the bee to use their flight mascles to vibrate the pollen loose , a skill which European bees do not have . Only 9 % of the world plants use this form of pollination .
Tetratheca seeds are a food source for ants which collect , disperse and take the seed underground . This has multiple advantages for the plant , creating a soil seed store , protected from fire and dispersed further than wind may be able to carry the seed .
References
pilosa
Taxa named by Jacques Labillardière
Plants described in 1805
John Virley ( fl . 1309–1311 ) was an English politician .
He was a Member ( MP ) of the Parliament of England for New Shoreham in 1309 and 1311 .
References
13th-century births
14th-century deaths
English MPs 1308–09
English MPs 1311
Çağman is a village in the District of Demre , Antalya Province , Turkey .
References
Villages in Demre District
The Interregional Primary Plan is a proposed reform to the United States primary calendar supported by Representative Sandy Levin and Senator Bill Nelson , both Democrats . The plan would break the country into six regions . From those regions , one subregion - either a single state or a group of smaller states - would vote on each primary date ( e.g. , all A state , ) with the entire country having held its primaries after the sixth set of primaries votes . Each state would vote first once every twenty-four years , with the first set of primaries determined by lottery and cycled thereafter .
Historically , the presidential primary season started slowly , ramping up several weeks after the Iowa caucuses and the New Hampshire primary . In the 2008 Presidential primary season , with competition to increase the relevance of each state 's selection process , 34 states ( plus the District of Columbia ) , have scheduled their primary or caucus process to be held in January and February , tripling the number of states voting this earlier than the count in the 2000 races .
Proposed dates
1st Primaries : Second Tuesday in March
2nd Primaries : First Tuesday in April
3rd Primaries : Fourth Tuesday in April
4th Primaries : Second Tuesday in May
5th Primaries : Fourth Tuesday in May
6th Primaries : Second Tuesday in June
Proposed Regions
Criticisms
Travel time
The interregional plan would prevent any cost savings from travel or common media markets . Each primary date would be national in geographic scope . This is directly counter to the goal of many plans is to allow for entry of less-funded candidates early on .
Varying primary size
With random assignment to groups within each region , any given primary date could be as small as 29 congressional districts , or as large as 167 ( out of 435 ) districts ( if the random draw were to pick CA , TX , NY , FL , IL , and PA together ) .
With this variation in size comes a variation in importance . If a medium-sized state like Maryland ( 8 districts ) were paired up with California in a 130-district primary , the state would have little importance . If , on the other hand , it were paired up with smaller states in a 45-district primary , Maryland would suddenly be center-stage .
With some rigging , the six primaries can be set to between 70 and 79 districts each , but again whoever gets paired with California is largely ignored .
See also
United States presidential primary
United States presidential election
United States presidential election debates
American presidential debate
United States presidential nominating convention
United States Electoral College
Early Votes
Ames ( Iowa ) Straw Poll on a Saturday in August prior to the election year , since 1979
Iowa caucus first official election year event since 1972
New Hampshire primary first national primary stop since 1952
Reform Plans
United States presidential primary reform proposals
Graduated Random Presidential Primary System
Rotating Regional Primary System
Delaware Plan
National Primary
References
External links
FairVote.org : Interregional Primary Plan
United States presidential primaries
Dzhil may refer to :
Jil , Armenia
Cil , Azerbaijan
SNLF can refer to :
Japanese Special Naval Landing Forces
Sandinista National Liberation Front
This is a list of members of the Council of the German Cultural Community between 1977 and 1978 , following the direct elections of 1977 .
Composition
Sources
List
1970s in Belgium
The Duat ( , Egyptological pronunciation `` do-aht '' , , also appearing as Tuat , Tuaut or Akert , Amenthes , Amenti , or Neter-khertet ) is the realm of the dead in ancient Egyptian mythology . It has been represented in hieroglyphs as a star-in-circle : 𓇽 . The god Osiris was believed to be the lord of the underworld . He was the first mummy as depicted in the Osiris myth and he personified rebirth and life after death . The underworld was also the residence of various other gods along with Osiris .
The geography of the Duat is similar in outline to the world the Egyptians knew : There are realistic features like rivers , islands , fields , lakes , mounds and caverns , but there were also fantastic lakes of fire , walls of iron , and trees of turquoise . In the Book of Two Ways ( a Coffin Text ) there is even a map-like image of the Duat .
Resident souls , gods , and demons
The Duat was also a residence for various gods , including Osiris , Anubis , Thoth , Horus , Hathor , and Maat , who all appear to the dead soul as it makes its way toward judgement .
In spite of the many demon-like inhabitants of the Duat , it is not equivalent to the conceptions of Hell in the Abrahamic religions , in which souls are condemned with fiery torment . The absolute punishment for the wicked , in ancient Egyptian thought , was the denial of an afterlife to the deceased , ceasing to exist in ꜣḫ form . The grotesque spirits of the underworld were not evil , but rather acted as directed by the gods , to provide the various ordeals that the deceased had to face .
Underworld route of the sun
The Duat was the region through which the sun god Ra traveled from west to east each night , and it was where he battled Apep , who embodied the primordial chaos which the sun had to defeat in order to rise each morning and bring order back to the earth . It was also the place where people 's souls went after death for judgment , though that was not the full extent of the afterlife . Burial chambers formed touching-points between the mundane world and the Duat , and the ꜣḫ ( Egyptological pronunciation : akh ) `` the effectiveness of the dead '' , could use tombs to travel back and forth from the Duat .
Each night the sun god Ra travelled through the Duat , bringing revivification to the dead as their main benefit . Ra travelled under the world upon his Atet barge from west to east ; on the course of the underground journey , he was transformed from his aged Atum form into his young Khepri form – the new dawning sun . The role of the dead king , worshiped as a god , was also central to the mythology surrounding the concept of Duat , often depicted as being identical with Ra .
Along with the sun god the dead king travelled through the Duat , the Kingdom of Osiris , using the special knowledge he was supposed to possess , which was recorded in the Coffin Texts , that served as a guide to the hereafter not just for the king but for all deceased . According to the Amduat , the underworld consists of twelve regions signifying the twelve hours of the sun god 's journey through it , battling Apep in order to bring order back to the earth in the morning ; as his rays illuminated the Duat during the journey , they revived the dead who occupied the underworld and let them enjoy life after death during that hour of the night when they were in the presence of the sun god , after which they resumed their sleep , waiting for the god 's return the following night .
Place of the dead
The rest of the dead journeyed through the various parts of the Duat to be judged , but not to be unified with the sun god like the dead king . If the deceased was successfully able to pass various demons and challenges , then he or she would reach the weighing of the heart . In this ritual , the heart of the deceased was weighed by Anubis against the feather of Maat , which represents truth and justice .
Any heart that is heavier than the feather failed the test , and was rejected and eaten by Ammit , the devourer of souls , as these people were denied existence after death in the Duat .
The souls that were lighter than the feather would pass this most important test , and would be allowed to travel toward Aaru , the `` Field of Rushes '' , an ideal version of the world they knew of , in which they would plough , sow , and harvest abundant crops .
Sources
What is known of the Duat derives principally from funerary texts such as the Book of Gates , the Book of Caverns , the Coffin Texts , the Amduat , and the Book of the Dead . Each of these documents fulfilled a different purpose and give a different conception of the Duat , and different texts could be inconsistent with one another . Surviving texts differ in age and origin , and there likely was never a single uniform conception of the Duat , as is the case of many theological concepts in ancient Egypt .
The Book of the Dead and Coffin Texts were prepared as guidebooks through the Duats dangerous landscape and to a life as an ꜣḫ for people who had recently died . Emphasized in some of these texts are mounds and caverns , inhabited by gods , demons , or supernatural animals , which threatened the deceased along their journey . The purpose of the books is not to lay out a geography , but to describe a succession of rites of passage which the dead would have to pass to reach eternal life .
In popular culture
The Duat appears as a major location in Rick Riordan 's The Kane Chronicles series .
The Duat reveals in The Crown of Ptolemy to have connections to the Mist from Riordan 's Camp Half-Blood Chronicles series .
The Duat appears as a secret level in the video game Spelunky 2 .
In Assassin 's Creed Origins , the Duat is an important aspect of the game with the main character , Bayek , entering it multiple times .
The Duat makes an appearance in the episode `` Asylum '' of the Marvel Cinematic Universe Disney+ series Moon Knight ( 2022 ) as the place where Marc Spector and his alter Steven Grant are being guided by the Egyptian goddess Taweret in the afterlife after being killed by Arthur Harrow .
See also
Aaru
Lake of fire
References
External links
Afterlife places
ca : Llista de personatges de la mitologia egípcia # D
Cartwright may refer to :
Wainwright ( occupation ) , a tradesperson skilled in the making and repairing of carts or wagons
Cartwright ( surname ) , including the list of people
Places
Australia
Cartwright , New South Wales
Canada
Cartwright , Manitoba
Cartwright , Newfoundland and Labrador
Cartwright Airport
Cartwright High School in Blackstock , Ontario
Cartwright Point , Ontario
Cartwright Sound , British Columbia
United States
Cartwright , North Dakota
Cartwright , Oklahoma
Cartwright , Texas
Other uses
Cartwright Carmichael , basketball player
Cartwright Inquiry , an investigation into medical malpractice in New Zealand
Yt antigen system , also known as Cartwright
See also
Wainwright ( disambiguation )
Wheelwright ( disambiguation )
Wright ( disambiguation )
Grumbach is a municipality in Rhineland-Palatinate , Germany .
Grumbach may also refer to :
Grumbach , Bad Langensalza , a village in Thuringia , Germany
Grumbach ( surname )
Grumbach ( Innerste ) , a river of Lower Saxony , Germany , tributary of the Innerste
Grumbach ( Werra ) , a river of Thuringia , Germany , tributary of the Werra
See also
Grumbacher , an American manufacturer of art materials
The $ 5.98 E.P . – Garage Days Re-Revisited ( released on CD format as The $ 9.98 CD – Garage Days Re-Revisited ) is the first extended play by American heavy metal band Metallica , released on August 21 , 1987 , by Elektra Records . It consists entirely of covers of late-'70s and early-'80s new wave of British heavy metal bands and punk rock music rehearsed in Lars Ulrich 's soundproofed garage and then recorded in Los Angeles over the course of six days . It is the group 's first release following the death of bassist Cliff Burton and the first to feature his successor , Jason Newsted .
Development
With Metallica scheduled to play the 1987 Monsters of Rock festival at Castle Donington , the band 's UK label Vertigo Records suggested that they release new material to mark the occasion . Initial songwriting attempts with new bassist Jason Newsted resulted only in a demo for `` Blackened '' , and vocalist/guitarist James Hetfield subsequently broke his arm skateboarding and was unable to play guitar for several weeks . Given these obstacles , the band decided to record covers of some of their favorite songs rather than work on new material . Newsted utilized his earlier experience as a construction worker to soundproof Lars Ulrich 's garage in El Cerrito , California , where the band would rehearse the material prior to recording .
While rehearsing the song `` White Lightning '' by new wave of British heavy metal band Paralex , Kirk Hammett started playing `` The Wait '' by post-punk group Killing Joke , and the band subsequently decided to try recording the song . Other tracks considered but dropped include `` Signal Fire '' by Japanese band Bow Wow and another NWOBHM song , Gaskin 's `` I 'm No Fool '' . Though `` Last Caress '' and `` Green Hell '' are combined into a single track by Metallica , the original Misfits versions were featured on different albums and were recorded five years apart .
The band included The $ 5.98 E.P . in the title in an effort to ensure that retailers did not overcharge fans . The original cassette release included a sticker stating `` If they try to charge more , STEAL IT ! '' The title of the official American CD release was amended to The $ 9.98 CD , as the retail price of CDs was much higher than cassette ; other countries ( such as Australia ) still displayed The $ 5.98 E.P . with a sticker stating that this is the `` title '' and not the price . `` The Wait '' was omitted from the UK pressings in order to conform to local music-industry rules regarding the length of EPs .
The $ 5.98 E.P . – Garage Days Re-Revisited was out of print from 1989 to 2018 , and the original release is considered a collector 's item . All five tracks were included on the 1998 double album Garage Inc. along with other covers and new recordings . The cover of the CD also was used as a basis for the Garage Inc. back cover , which shows the original Garage Days cover with pictures of the band members ' faces , circa 1998 , taped over the original faces , along with Garage Inc. covering the original album name .
In 2018 , The $ 5.98 E.P . – Garage Days Re-Revisited was reissued under Metallica 's own Blackened Recordings label and also was made available in vinyl format .
Track listing
Personnel
James Hetfield – lead vocals , rhythm guitar
Kirk Hammett – lead guitar
Jason Newsted – bass guitar , backing vocals
Lars Ulrich – drums
Production
All information derived from the liner notes .
Arranged and `` not very produced '' by Metallica
Engineer : Csaba Petocz ; assisted by Greg Dennen and Marnie Riley
Recorded and mixed at A & M and Conway Studios
Original mastering by Ron Lewter ( at The Mastering Lab )
Remastering by Chris Bellman at Bernie Grundman Mastering
Chart positions
Album
Certifications
See also
Garage Inc .
A Garage Dayz Nite
References
Metallica EPs
Covers EPs
1987 EPs
Elektra Records EPs
Vertigo Records EPs
Thrash metal EPs
`` Bar Bar Bar '' ( ) is the second single album , and fourth single overall by Crayon Pop . It was released digitally on June 20 , 2013 by Chrome Entertainment and distributed by CJ E & M Music . `` Bar Bar Bar '' became a viral hit in late July , eventually reaching number one on Billboard 's K-Pop Hot 100 chart and number three on the Gaon Digital Chart .
Release and promotion
On June 8 , Crayon Pop performed `` Bar Bar Bar '' for the first time at the Migliore Festival . The single album was released digitally on June 20 and a choreography music video was released three days later . Following this release , Crayon Pop 's unique outfits and choreography drew interest and their popularity rose . The group wore helmets and colorful tracksuits , and the dance featured choreographed jumping , dubbed the `` Straight-Five Engine Dance '' by fans because it resembled the movement of engine cylinders . The song and dance were often called addictive , with easy-to-follow choreography and simple , repetitive lyrics . Member Way said , `` Overall , the lyrics mean let 's jump together . It 's meant to give a source of energy and strength to the tired people . It just means let 's all dance together and have fun . ''
Their first music show performance was on MBC 's Music Core on June 22 . The song was promoted on music shows through July and August , with the last performance being on KBS Music Bank on September 6 . Crayon Pop was often in contention for first place during the month of August . They lost numerous times to Exo 's `` Growl '' before `` Bar Bar Bar '' won first place on Music Bank on August 30 .
Music videos
The `` Bar Bar Bar '' story version music video was released on June 13 , a week before the song 's digital release . On June 23 , the choreography version was released . This music video was filmed in Yongma Land , an abandoned amusement park in Jungnang-gu , with a budget of only 380,000 won ( US $ 338 ) . As of July 2021 , the choreography music video has more than 66 million views on YouTube .
On September 9 , a `` Global Version '' music video was released . It was aimed at an international audience and was filmed in popular locations in Seoul including Noksapyeong Station , Garosu Street , Ttukseom Hangang Park and Children 's Grand Park . `` Bar Bar Bar '' has been compared to Psy 's `` Gangnam Style '' and this music video contains several references to Psy 's song . The audio was slightly remixed ; this remix was later released as `` Bar Bar Bar 2.0 '' on the mini album , The Streets Go Disco .
Reception and accolades
`` Bar Bar Bar '' entered the Gaon Digital Chart at number 143 in the first week of its release . As `` Bar Bar Bar '' went viral , it gradually rose in the charts . In its seventh week , the song peaked at number three on the Gaon Digital Chart , and spent a total of 31 consecutive weeks on the chart . It reached number one on Billboard 's K-Pop Hot 100 eight weeks after release , and was number nine on the year-end chart . Music industry officials commented that the song 's chart trajectory was rare , because normally a song reaches peak position soon after release before being pushed down as time passes .
YG Entertainment 's CEO Yang Hyun-suk praised Crayon Pop for having the best hit song of the first half of 2013 . He said , `` Other than 'Gentleman ' , the biggest hit was 'Bar Bar Bar ' . Even my kid knows about Crayon Pop . People are n't interested about which song is at number one these days . What 's important is whether people know about a singer and if they have fans . Crayon Pop succeeded in that sense '' . Jeff Benjamin of Billboard credited the song 's success to its `` quirky video , fun dance and catchy hook '' .
Taylor Glasby of Dazed ranked the song ninth on the publication 's `` Top ten K-Pop of 2013 '' . He described the group as `` simultaneously creepy and adorable '' and the song as `` cheekily adventurous '' with an `` earworm chorus '' and `` iconic '' dance . He also said the song is `` smarter than it first appears '' , with layered 1980s brass and 1970s disco beats . Scott Interrante , writing for PopMatters , discussed `` Bar Bar Bar '' in his overview of K-pop in 2013 : `` The song and video are bratty , obnoxious , and totally awesome . Its hallyu style is so extreme it can convincingly be taken as satire . But one thing that 's certain is that it 's going to get stuck in your head and annoy you probably forever . ''
`` Bar Bar Bar '' won Crayon Pop a New Rising Star award at the 28th Golden Disk Awards . It also received nominations for the Music Video Award at the MelOn Music Awards , Song of the Year and Best Dance & Electronic Song at the Korean Music Awards , and Song of the Year and Best Dance Performance - Female Group at the Mnet Asian Music Awards .
In popular culture
Many groups covered the dance or made parody videos , including M.I.B. , MBLAQ , Perfume , Justice Crew and the Gyungbuk women 's police department . On August 13 , 2013 , `` Bar Bar Bar '' was parodied on SNL Korea by guest Kim Gura and the SNL cast . On October 19 , the song was again featured on SNL Korea , this time danced by actor Tom Hiddleston .
On February 20 , 2014 , a dance cover by Taiwanese twin six-year-olds , Zony and Yony , was uploaded to YouTube . This video also went viral and has more than 5 million views as of October 2014 . As a result of this video , the twins were invited on The Ellen DeGeneres Show , where they performed the `` Bar Bar Bar '' dance .
On August 17 , 2014 , `` Bar Bar Bar '' was included in the soundtrack of the tvN historical drama , The Three Musketeers . The song was arranged in the style of traditional Korean music . On October 21 , `` Bar Bar Bar '' was featured in the fourth episode of American TV series Selfie , with actors Karen Gillan and John Cho dancing to the song .
Track listing
All music composed by Kim Yoo-min and Lee Da-kyeong . All tracks arranged by Kim and Lee Seung-yeop
Charts
Weekly charts
Monthly charts
Year-end charts
Sales and certifications
Release history
References
External links
`` Bar Bar Bar '' ( Story Version ) Music Video
`` Bar Bar Bar '' ( Choreography Version ) Music Video
`` Bar Bar Bar '' ( Global Version ) Music Video
2013 singles
2013 songs
Korean-language songs
Crayon Pop songs
Billboard Korea K-Pop number-one singles
The Township of North Huron is a municipality in Huron County , Ontario , Canada . It was formed in 2001 when the Ontario government imposed amalgamation on municipalities throughout the province . Specifically , the former township of East Wawanosh was merged with the village of Blyth and the town of Wingham .
Communities
North Huron includes the following communities :
Belgrave
Blyth
Whitechurch ( borders on Huron-Kinloss , Bruce County )
Wingham
Donnybrook ( borders on Ashfield–Colborne–Wawanosh )
Fordyce ( borders on Ashfield–Colborne–Wawanosh )
Marnock
Westfield
History
Indigenous people 's presence in North Huron has been recorded long before European settlers arrived in the 1830s . The largest part of the township - East Wawanosh - is named after Chippewa Chief Wawanosh who signed an 1825 land use treaty . Arrowheads and other indigenous artifacts have been found by East Wawanosh farmers since European settlement .
Wawanosh was originally the largest township in Huron County , with 85,640 acres . According to an early land assessment , there were 133 residents in 1844 and 87 acres of land cultivated . In 1850 , an acre of land cost 8 shillings . Within 20 years , the population grew to 3,151 residents , with 12,000 acres cleared .
In 1866 , Wawanosh was divided into two separate townships - East Wawanosh and West Wawanosh , which is now part of Ashfield-Colborne-Wawanosh township .
By 1869 , Belgrave was a village with a population of 50 in the Township of Morris County , Huron . It was established on the Maitland River . It was a stop on the Buffalo and Lake Huron Railway . There were stages to Wingham , Teeswater , Riversdale and Kincardine . The average price of land was $ 20 .
More than 20 schools have existed in North Huron . From the 1850s to 1960s , more than a dozen rural school houses educated the children of East Wawanosh . In 1967 , East Wawanosh Public School was opened and taught hundreds of children from Kindergarten to Grade 8 . The school closed in 2012 , with remaining students sent to Wingham .
Demographics
In the 2021 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada , North Huron had a population of living in of its total private dwellings , a change of from its 2016 population of . With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2021 .
Notable people
Former residents include :
Alice Munro - writer
Jo Manning - artist
George Agnew Reid - painter
See also
List of townships in Ontario
References
External links
Township municipalities in Ontario
Lower-tier municipalities in Ontario
Municipalities in Huron County , Ontario
Emmotland is a small hamlet in the East Riding of Yorkshire , England . It forms part of the civil parish of North Frodingham .
The hamlet consists of two farms at the end of a small access road . West Beck joins the Driffield Navigation at Emmotland .
History
When the Driffield Navigation was built , a towpath bridge was placed over the West Beck near the junction . This bridge disappeared before 1980 .
One of the last acts of the Humberside County Council was to build a new footpath bridge over the West Beck . The bridge is a fixed structure , but has a high headroom . A mistake in the location of the bridge means that it lands on private property , and is dangerously close to the river . Since no further money is available the bridge has remained closed since its construction .
In 1823 Emmotland was in the parish of Frodingham and the Wapentake and Liberty of Holderness . Occupations at the time included two farmers .
Location
Emmotland is situated approximately north of Hempholme , and south-west of North Frodingham , and is on the North Frodingham Carrs and the Holderness plain .
Position of Emmotland on the Driffield Navigation
Next place upstream = Fisholme
Next place downstream = Bethells Bridge
Next place upstream on West Beck = Corpslanding
References
Villages in the East Riding of Yorkshire
Holderness
Avale Nanna Hendthi ( ) is a 1988 Indian Kannada-language comedy drama film directed by S. Umesh and K. Prabhakar , and produced by Vijay Films . It stars Kashinath and Bhavya . Dealing with the prevalent social issue of dowry system , the plot revolves around a man 's struggle in getting his sister 's marriage arranged to fulfill his mother 's and sisters-in-law 's desire for a dowry , despite being in love himself and wanting to marry first . It features Mukhyamantri Chandru , N. S. Rao , Gora Bheema Rao , Thyagaraja Urs and Tara in supporting roles .
The film was remade in Telugu as Pelli Chesi Choodu ( 1988 ) , in Tamil as Jadikketha Moodi ( 1988 ) and in Hindi as Jawani Zindabad ( 1990 ) .
Plot
Vishwanath ( Kashinath ) , pledges never to give nor receive dowry in protest against the dowry system . And he acts against his mother 's wishes ; Mohan marries Uma ( Bhavya ) without asking for any dowry . He arranges his sister , Gayathri 's ( Tara ) marriage with Ravi ( Raviraj ) , the son of Somashekharayya . Somashekharayya is a Municipal Counselor and is a very greedy man . As he does not get any dowry , he and his wife become quite upset , though Ravi is happy . Both want Ravi to remarry so that they can get dowry . Meanwhile , Gayathri becomes pregnant and so the in-laws try to eliminate her at the earliest . Somashekharayya gets Ravi transferred to another city . After sending him away , Somashekharayya plans to kill Gayathri in a fashion similar to an accident . But things did not turn up as he expected and his wife gets badly burned , who has to be hospitalized . Taking this opportunity , Somashekharayya blames Gayathri for attempting to kill Savitri and has her arrested . Finally , Vishwanath gives the dowry by taking debt to Somashekharayya and beats him very badly , when Ravi leaves the house making a cut with his father , which makes him remorseful after seeing all this and asks for Gayathri 's forgiveness . Seeta , who has just given birth to a baby boy forgives him . Somashekharayya return backs dowry to Vishwanath and he too pledges that no one would take nor receive any dowry henceforth in his family .
Cast
Kashinath as Vishwanath
Bhavya as Uma
Mukhyamantri Chandru as Somashekharayya , Gayathri 's Father in law
Tara as Gayathri , Vishwa 's sister
N. S. Rao as Kamadhenu Krishna Rao , Marriage broker
Sihi Kahi Chandru as Subhash , Vishwa 's colleague
Kaminidharan as Vishwa & Gayathri 's Mother
Gora Bheema Rao as Uma 's Father
Bank Janardhan
Soundtrack
Legacy
The song `` Meese Hottha Gandasige Demandappo Demandu '' inspired a 1999 film of same name also starring Kashinath .
References
External links
1988 films
1980s Kannada-language films
Films scored by Hamsalekha
Kannada films remade in other languages
Indian satirical films
Indian comedy-drama films
1980s satirical films
1988 comedy-drama films
The Bolivian Red Cross was officially founded in Bolivia on 15 May 1917 . It has its headquarters in La Paz .
History
The Ambulances of the Army ( ) was established as a result of the War of the Pacific ( 1879–1884 ) , when a call was put forth for midwives to organize supplies and help attend the wounded of the war . On the 20 January 1879 , nine nuns , from the in Italy , arrived in Tacna . Among the first volunteers were Ana M. de Dalence , María N. vda . de Meza and her daughter Mercedes Meza , Vicenta Paredes Mier , Andrea Rioja de Bilbao , and Ignacia Zeballos Taborga . During the administration of President Hilarión Daza , one of his ministers , Tomás Frias Plenipotentiary Minister of Bolivia in Spain , initiated the organization of the Red Cross of Bolivia on 16 October 1879 , and agreed to have the organization adhere to the provisions of the Geneva Convention of 1864 . Doctor Zenón Dalence was placed in charge of the service and drafted regulations for the establishment of field hospitals . Dalence commissioned Vicenta Paredes Mier , as the Inspector of the Field Kitchen and named Rosaura Rodríguez , as official cook . Andrea Bilbao was the first nurse to wear the emblem of the Red Cross into battle , but Ignacia Zeballos , who has been named `` the mother of soldiers '' was the initiator of red cross nursing .
The official establishment of the organization occurred on 15 May 1917 , when a group of female teachers from the Girls ' Lyceum ( ) in La Paz , under the direction of Professor Juan Manuel Balcázar , founded the Red Cross of Bolivia as a volunteer organization to collaborate with the Public Health Service and the army and drew-up bylaws for the organization . The following year , the School of Nurses of the Red Cross was established . Recognition by the International Committee of the Red Cross for the Bolivian Red Cross occurred on 10 January 1923 , and the organization became the 50th national society of the federation when it joined the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies on 22 January 1923 . In 1963 the Bolivian Red Cross received the highest national distinction when it was awarded the Order of the Condor of the Andes by the government .
References
External links
Bolivian Red Cross
Official Red Cross Web Site
Red Cross and Red Crescent national societies
1917 establishments in Bolivia
Medical and health organisations based in Bolivia
Organizations established in 1917
La Paz
Zamir Vjerdha ( born 9 March 1997 ) is an Albanian football player who plays for Veleçiku Koplik in the Albanian First Division .
References
1997 births
Living people
Footballers from Shkodër
Association football goalkeepers
Albanian footballers
KF Vllaznia Shkodër players
KS Veleçiku Koplik players
Kategoria Superiore players
Kategoria e Parë players
Good-bye , Chunky Rice is a 1999 graphic novel about friendship written by Craig Thompson . It was originally published by Top Shelf Productions .
Publication history
Good-bye , Chunky Rice was originally published by Top Shelf Productions . It would be re-released in a new format by Pantheon Books in May 2006 . Before this , the graphic novel had six printings with Top Shelf .
Plot
The book tells the story of Chunky Rice , a small turtle who leaves his familiar surroundings , including his deer mouse best friend , to enter the next phase of his life . Other side characters in the novel also experience similar losses of friendship through tragedy or their own choice .
Critical reception
Good-bye , Chunky Rice won Thompson the 2000 Harvey Award for Best New Talent .
References
1999 graphic novels
Top Shelf Productions titles
Comics by Craig Thompson
Christopher Waters Dunn , known professionally as Chris Waters is an American singer and songwriter , record producer , and culinary writer . He is the brother of country singer Holly Dunn . Dunn has written and produced many of his sister 's singles , and has written for acts such as Lonestar , Terri Clark , Rhett Akins , and Billy Dean among others .
Biography
Chris Waters Dunn was raised in San Antonio , Texas , and holds a master 's degree in creative writing from the University of Denver . After graduation , he worked in Nashville , Tennessee , as a songwriter and record producer for over 25 years . He retired from the music business in 2005 to pursue other areas of creative writing . He graduated top of his class from the San Antonio campus of the Culinary Institute of America in May 2007 . Chris is now a freelance culinary writer and adjunct instructor at the Culinary Institute of America in San Antonio .
Dunn is a fan of the San Antonio Spurs .
Songwriter
Known professionally in the music business as Chris Waters , he co-wrote the number-one country songs `` She Never Lets it Go to Her Heart '' recorded by Tim McGraw , `` You 're Easy on the Eyes '' and `` When Boy Meets Girl '' recorded by Terri Clark , `` If Your Heart Ai n't Busy Tonight '' recorded by Tanya Tucker , `` What I Really Meant to Say '' recorded by Cyndi Thomson , and `` You Really Had Me Going '' , which Waters co-wrote and co-produced with his sister , Holly Dunn .
Other BMI Award-winning songs he co-wrote include `` Tequila Talkin ' '' recorded by Lonestar , `` That Ai n't My Truck '' recorded by Rhett Akins , `` Better Things to Do '' recorded by Terri Clark , `` Cadillac Ranch '' recorded by Chris LeDoux , `` Meant to Be '' recorded by Sammy Kershaw , and `` You Do n't Count the Cost '' by Billy Dean .
He also co-wrote the inspirational song , `` The Highest Praise '' , which was nominated for the Gospel Music Association 's Dove Award Song of the Year in 1980 . In the pop field , he co-wrote `` Sexy Eyes '' recorded by Dr. Hook and certified gold by the RIAA .
He co-produced Terri Clark 's first two albums for Mercury Records , Terri Clark and Just the Same , which were both certified platinum by the RIAA .
He was named Sony/ATV Music Publishing , Nashville , Writer of the Year in 1997 and a BMI Writer of the Century in 1999 .
Culinary writer
As Chris Waters Dunn , he writes articles as the `` Chef 's Secrets '' writer who regularly appears in the San Antonio Express-News .
He has written a book , with Cappy Lawton , entitled , Enchiladas : Aztec to TexMex , published by Trinity University Press .
References
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
American country singer-songwriters
Singer-songwriters from Texas
People from San Antonio
Culinary Institute of America alumni
Culinary Institute of America people
Country musicians from Texas
Barahatal ( ) is a rural municipality located in Surkhet District of Karnali Province of Nepal .
References
External links
Official website
Populated places in Surkhet District
Rural municipalities in Karnali Province
Rural municipalities of Nepal established in 2017
Yılmazlı is a village in the District of Elmalı , Antalya Province , Turkey .
References
Villages in Elmalı District
The Bob campaign aims to raise awareness of the dangers of drink-driving ; drivers with high blood alcohol content are at increased risk of car accidents , highway injuries and vehicular deaths . Alongside the general information that is offered during the campaign , there is an increased police surveillance , especially during the weeks running up to Christmas and New Year 's Eve . Most of all , the campaign focuses on a designated driver approach .
The Bob campaign originated in Belgium , in 1995 , and the concept has been picked up in the Netherlands , France ( but with Sam , In France ) in 2006 , Germany in 2007 and also Luxembourg , with every country adapting the formula to their audience .
Some media have spread the rumor that the acronym is derived from the Dutch phrase `` Bewust Onbeschonken Bestuurder '' which translates to `` Consciously Non-Drunk Driver '' or 'deliberately sober driver ' . Many people have since believed that this is true , but Bob is just a name chosen by the Belgian government .
History
The Bob campaign originated in Belgium , in 1995 , in a collaboration between several governmental departments , the police and the Belgian beer brewing industry .
The campaign appeared to be successful right from the start . In just a few weeks time , 4 out of 5 Belgians had heard about Bob . Now , 97 % of the Belgian population knows about the campaign , with Bob becoming the symbol against drinking and driving .
To date , more than 37 % of all drivers in Belgium claim to have offered to be a designated driver . 34 % have actually been a designated driver and 46 % have been driven home safely by their 'Bob ' .
According to official figures , the Bob campaign has triggered a change in mentality . Nowadays 80 % of the population considers drinking and driving to be unacceptable .
See also
Alcohol advertising campaigns
Drunk driving ( USA )
References
External links
bobjijofbobik.nl
Driving under the influence
Nightjohn is a 1996 American television drama film directed by Charles Burnett and written by Bill Cain , based on the 1993 novel of the same name by Gary Paulsen . It aired on Disney Channel as one of its Premiere Films , on June 1 , 1996 .
The film is about a young slave girl named Sarny , played by Allison Jones , who lives a hopeless life on a Southern plantation . Her job is to take care of the white family 's son as well as spitting tobacco on the roses to keep bugs away . Her life is changed when she is taught how to read by a fellow slave . The slave , John , says that learning to read is freedom because slavery is bounded by laws and deeds which the slaves can not read . Her excitement towards reading gets her and her fellow slaves in trouble with their master , Mr. Wallace , who prohibits any slave from being able to read . When trouble ensues , Sarny uses her ability to read against Mr. Wallace and saves the lives of the rest of the slaves . She ends up being sold , but not before she shows her fellow slaves the letter ' A ' .
Plot
Sarny , a girl , is born in a slave cabin . Her master Clel Waller is angry , saying that a boy would 've been worth more . However , he does n't sell her , as a promise has been made , so her mother is sold after a few years instead . Sarny is taken care by Delie , another slave .
When Sarny grows to about pre-teenage years , she starts working at the Big House , taking care of Homer , the master 's son who is not potty-trained yet . Back at the cabins , Outlaw tries to get Delie to convince Mr. Waller to give him a pass so he can marry a girl named Egypt from another plantation . Delie is preparing a dress for Sarny so she can go to work at the master 's house .
After a Sunday church service in which slaves and masters attend , the Wallers have guests over for lunch , among them a doctor who later has a romance with Callie , Clel 's wife who , during the luncheon , talks about Outlaw wanting to court Egypt , owned by Clel 's brother . Clel shuts her down stating that if they were to have a baby , it would give money to the wife 's plantation instead of his . Callie asks why things can not just be about love . Upset about Clel 's decision , Sarny accidentally drops the plate of food , and is punished when Clel forces Callie to slap the girl . That night Delie tells Sarny to behave , otherwise she will have to do the hard labor out in the fields . Sarny is upset , vowing revenge on the Wallers .
The next day , Callie tells Sarny to take a letter to the doctor 's place . On the way , she sees a slave trader , Tom , herding black slaves toward the Waller household . At the doctor 's house , the doctor asks Sarny to take a love letter to Callie , keeping it a secret from Clel . He then gives Sarny a penny for her troubles . Back at the plantation , Tom is willing to sell a slave to Clel for 500 dollars . Clel then questions Tom about why he is willing to sell a slave worth $ 3000 for only $ 500 . Clel then asks the slave to take off his shirt , revealing many scars from being whipped . Clel says that instead , he will buy the man , John , off of Tom for only 50 dollars without clothes .
That night , John and Sarny strike a deal , willing to trade tobacco for lessons on reading . John tells Sarny about the risks , but Sarny accepts as she wants to be free . Sarny learns the letter ‘ A ' . She then starts to read the letter ‘ A ' in the letters between the doctor and Callie that she delivers .
The next morning , Outlaw is being punished because he snuck out the previous night to see Egypt . As Mr. Waller is about to whip Outlaw , Jeffrey , Clel 's son , asks him to stop because they are friends . Clel say to Jeffrey that the slaves were made to pick his cotton instead of being his friend , and Outlaw is whipped . In Sarny 's narration of the story , she states that Clel watched everyone instead of the one person he needed to watch , the mistress , his wife .
That night when the Wallers are having a party , Delie walks in on John teaching Sarny the alphabet and is outraged . She questions John about the scars on his back , and he says that they were because he had tried to run away twice . The third time , however , he successfully got away to the North but ended up coming back in order to teach slaves how to read . Delie prohibits John from teaching Sarny to read for her safety . Sarny stalks away , stating that she will teach herself to read . John agrees but says that Delie is teaching Sarny something worse : to be afraid .
Sarny later comes up with a plan for Callie to visit the Doctor secretly , offering to potty-train Homer and swipes his alphabet blocks . This angers a slave , Old Man who had had a finger chopped off after he had learned to read . John shouts out that words are freedom , that the white folks keep words to themselves and that if the slaves had words , they would be free . Later that night , John writes Sarny 's name in the dirt saying that the letters meant herself .
The next day , Clel recruits everyone in his family to help with picking cotton from the fields , promising a feast to everyone if they are successful with the crop . Later that day when John lovingly teaches Sarny numbers , Delie agrees to learn as well . Sarny reads the bible and is baptized .
It is revealed Sarny had stolen a bible that Jeffrey , the master 's other son was supposed to take care of which gets him in trouble from his father . She discovers that she had been lied to and that God was on the slave 's side . As Sarny begins to read more and more , the rest of the slaves reject it and tell her to stop . She begins to read a story in the Gazette newspaper about a slave insurrection ( Nat Turner 's and his army of slaves ) , capturing the other slaves ' attention . Sarny then tricks Homer into playing hide and seek so she can go back and read Clel 's record book . The Waller plantation had a good crop of cotton this year and as promised , Clel throws a feast . The slaves use this opportunity to let Outlaw and Egypt get married .
It is discovered later that Egypt is pregnant and is forced to run away . John forges Clel 's signature for Outlaw and his wife so they can escape . Jeffrey discovers the stolen bible , and Delie takes the blame . Clel tries to figure out who had taken the bible because he knows that Delie did not know how to read . With no one confessing , Jeffrey whips Delie once . As he tries to continue , he is stopped by John who says that he was the one who took it . This results in Clel chopping off John 's fingers as punishment . When asked if he had learned his lesson , John writes letters in the dirt . Jeffrey tells the overseer to take John to be sold before his father can shoot him . As he is leaving , John tells Sarny `` when you lose one hand , the other gets stronger '' , meaning that she must forge the other note and teach other slaves how to read . John had written his name in the dirt . Sarny is then seen forging the second note for Outlaw and telling them to name their baby John if it was a boy .
The next morning , Sarny tells the doctor she can no longer keep his secret . Clel interrupts the service saying that he has found two notes written and signed with his name in two different handwritings , meaning that another slave knows to write and threatens to shoot all of them . Sarny objects , saying that Clel would not shoot them because they are his only wealth . She tells Clel that she is worth the most to him because of what she knows . Callie , fearing this , ask Clel to just shoot her . The doctor intervenes , lying that he taught Egypt how to read simple things . Thinking everything has been solved , Sarny is finally sold , and as she narrates , she explains that the story is about her and Nightjohn and that there is a bit of John in all of the slaves .
Cast
Allison Jones as Sarny – taken care of by Delie after her mother was sold .
Carl Lumbly as John – a slave bought by Clel who had escaped to the North , but had given freedom up so he can teach slaves how to read .
Lorraine Toussaint as Delie – acts like a mother to Sarny and is initially against learning how to read .
Bill Cobbs as Old Man – the oldest member of the slaves who is respected by everyone .
Beau Bridges as Clel Waller – cold-hearted owner of the slaves and a cotton plantation .
Kathleen York as Callie Waller – Clel 's wife who has an affair with the doctor . She is seen as being kind and sympathetic to the slaves .
Gabriel Casseus as Outlaw – a slave who had fallen in love with a girl from another plantation .
Monica Ford as Egypt – Outlaw 's love interest .
John P. Ford III as Jeffrey Waller – Clel 's oldest son who sees the slaves as friends .
Damian and Auneccia Chatman as Baby Sarny
Production
Filmed on location in Gable , South Carolina at Rip Raps plantation , Nightjohn is a movie that depicts the lives of African American slaves in the antebellum South . Literacy plays an important part in the struggle for power between the slaves and their masters . The idea of keeping slaves illiterate was a tool for white Southerners to keep the slaves subordinate . Without the ability to read , slaves were often tricked into doing things that they did not want to do . They were n't able to read the laws or deeds that affected their future and resulted in them becoming slaves . After the civil war had ended , there was a problem pertaining to what to do for the African American people . With slavery 's stabilizing influence gone , the Freedmen 's Bureau was created to remedy the situation . It proposed that they should educate the former slaves and advance the reconciliation between the North and the South . They also hoped that it would create a lasting peace and order between the different races . The bureau also sought to create schoolhouses in order to regain the stability lost by the end of slavery .
See also
List of films featuring slavery
References
External links
1996 television films
1996 films
1996 drama films
Disney Channel original films
American drama television films
1990s English-language films
Films about American slavery
Films based on American novels
Films directed by Charles Burnett ( director )
Films scored by Stephen James Taylor
Films shot in South Carolina
Sonar Entertainment films
Television films based on books
1990s American films
The Coopers ' Dance ( ) is a guild dance of coopers originally started in Münich . Since early 1800s the custom spread via journeymen and it is now a common tradition over the Old Bavaria region . The dance was supposed to be held every seven years .
History
Early documented cases of are dated by 1702 when the Münich magistrate approved the performance of the dance as a well-established tradition . However , for a long time the date 1517 was prevalent in the literature , following the 1830 book by Anton Baumgartner ( 1761–1831 ) , who originated the discredited legend that the tradition started after the 1517 plague , to revive the spirits of the people , `` to lure them out of their houses '' , although other authors tried to suggest other dates . But there are no records in chronicles about any plague in Münich at this period of time . Still , the 500th anniversary was celebrated in 2017 .
There is no clear indication of the origin of the seven-year cycle .
Dance and music
The choreography of the dance was standardized in the 19th century .
After marching in various formations and performing standard figures , the final number is the barrel hoop swinging . The hoop swinger holds two hoops with shots of schnapps on the inside . The idea is to swing the hoops in intricate ways without spilling the schnapps ( relying on the centrifugal force ) .
Of other traditions of the dance , only the costume survived : white shirt , white waistcoat , red jacket , leather apron , knee breeches , sash , brogue shoes and , a green cap adorned with down feathers
The author of the current standard tune ( the so-called the Second or New Münich , 1866 ) is Johann Wilhelm Siebenkäs ( 1826-1888 ) . The First or Old Münich ( no longer used ) was by .
References
Dance festivals in Germany
Events in Munich
German traditions
Culture in Munich
Hill Close Gardens is a group of 18 surviving Victorian detached gardens on a hillside in Warwick , Warwickshire , England . It is listed Grade II * in Historic England 's Register of Parks and Gardens .
History
The gardens were set up in the 19th century on a hillside overlooking Warwick Racecourse to provide gardens for owners of townhouses which did not have their own gardens . They were generally owned staying in families for generations , although some were rented . Each was enclosed by either a wall or hedge , complete with lockable gate to ensure privacy .
Many of them had summer houses built so the family could spend the entire day in the garden , whatever the weather .
They fell into disuse in the 20th century with only one or two remaining in use after WWII .
In the 1950s the local council ( Warwick Municipal Borough ) started buying up the plots with a plan to re-develop the hillside and in the 1960s it was designated for social housing .
Planning permission was granted in the 1980s and then subsequently lapsed although some building was completed .
In 1994 , 4 of the summer houses were 'listed ' as being of historical interest and in 2000 a Trust was formed to restore the gardens to their Victorian status .
The gardens opened to the public at Easter 2007 and have been operated by the Trust since .
Timeline
1500 onwards Enclosure of St Mary 's Common , grazing rights retained for commoners , on aftermath , after Lammas ( 1 August )
1707 Racing begins
1725 Bread & Beef Close endowed for charity by Nicholas Rothwell
1780 The Bowling Green probably developed/improved
Late 1700s Pasture , probably owned by William Wilson , Warwickshire landowner
1806 Land shows as undeveloped on Warwick Castle Estate map
1820 – 1850 Other detached gardens existed in Warwick
1841 Wilson Estate partitioned , owner becomes Swain Wilson of Coundon
1845 Heir , Edward Wilson divides the land up into gardens
1851 Map shows 23 plots , some with buildings , maybe wooden , or brick
1857 Bread & Beef Close divided into gardens
1860 ca Stream culverted
1866 Sold to Mark Philips of Welcombe - 32 plots for £1750 , let for total of £77 ( 4.5 % )
1877 By now , all but 6 sold . Division of the freehold hinders subsequent building development .
1886 Map shows summer houses on plots 5,16,17,19 , 25 ( 22 is added later )
1910 Building of street St Pauls Close & Terrace and Linen Street
1948 Commons pass to Local Authority
1950 's Warwick Racecourse stables built
1950 's Warwick Municipal Borough start buying plots ( while planning for an inner ring road )
1960 's Designated for social housing
1985 Warwick District Council ( WDC ) first apply to build on Hill Close
1989 Planning Permission for building lapsed – approx 19 plots then remaining
1993 LADRA & Warwick Gardens Trust started objecting
1994 Listing of 4 summerhouses , and later the gardens registered
1998 Clearance work begun on site by volunteers
2000 Hill Close Gardens Trust set up , leasing land from WDC for a peppercorn rent
2005 HLF Grant obtained , restoration starts
2007 Gardens opened to the public at Easter
Other listed garden allotments
Bagthorpe Gardens , Nottingham
St Ann 's Allotments , Nottingham
Stoney Road Allotments , Coventry
Westbourne Road Town Gardens , Birmingham
References
External links
Hill Close Gardens Trust
Gardens in Warwickshire
Warwick
Grade II * listed parks and gardens
Buğralar is a village in the District of Çamlıdere , Ankara Province , Turkey .
References
Villages in Çamlıdere District
Vázquez is a Cuban village and consejo popular ( `` people 's council '' , i.e . hamlet ) of the municipality of Puerto Padre , in Las Tunas Province . In 2011 it had a population of around 13,600 .
History
The village was founded in 1884 , and was named after two brothers who build the first finca .
Geography
Located on a plain between Puerto Padre ( 17 km east ) ; Manatí ( 43 km northwest ) and Las Tunas ( 32 km southwest ) , Vázquez is s rural town surrounded by the villages of Yarey de Vázquez , Aguada de Vázquez and Gayol , with whom it forms a small urban area of about 20,000 inhabitants . It is 23 km from Delicias , 31 from Jesús Menéndez and 34 from Calixto .
Transport
The village is served by a railway station on Las Tunas-Puerto Padre line , is crossed in the middle by the highway 6-123 Las Tunas-Puerto Padre , and is 7 km south of the state highway `` Circuito Norte '' ( CN ) .
Health
The village has a general hospital named `` Policlínico Docente 28 de Septiembre '' , opened in 1989 .
See also
Municipalities of Cuba
List of cities in Cuba
References
External links
Vázquez Destination Guide on trip-suggest.com
Vázquez Weather on accuweather.com
Populated places in Las Tunas Province
Puerto Padre
Populated places established in 1884
Wynnstay is a country house within an important landscaped park 1.3 km ( 0.75 miles ) south-east of Ruabon , near Wrexham , Wales . Wynnstay , previously Watstay , is a famous estate and the family seat of the Wynns . The house was sold in 1948 and is under a private ownership as of 2020 . The estate remains under the ownership of the Williams-Wynn family .
During the 17th century , Sir John Wynn , 5th Baronet , inherited the Watstay Estate through his marriage to Jane Evans ( daughter of Eyton Evans of Watstay ) , and renamed it the Wynnstay Estate . The gardens were laid out by Capability Brown . Wynnstay was Brown 's largest commission in Wales , work beginning in 1774 and completed in 1784 , a year after his death . He replaced the older formal gardens with lawns which swept right up to the house overlooking the lake .
Famous occupants of the house and estate included Sir Watkin Williams-Wynn , 4th Baronet . During the 19th century , Princess Victoria stayed there with her mother , the Duchess of Kent .
In 1858 Wynnstay was destroyed by fire and was rebuilt on the same site .
After the house was vacated by the Williams-Wynn family in the mid-20th century , in favour of the nearby Plas Belan on the Wynnstay estate , it was bought by Lindisfarne College . When the school closed due to bankruptcy , the building was converted to flats and several private houses .
The house is a Grade II * listed building . The gardens underwent a process of refurbishment , which was completed by 2016 .
References
External links
Transcript of information from Picturesque Views of Seats of The Noblemen and Gentlemen of Great Britain and Ireland edited by F. O. Morris ( published c.1880 )
1860 – Wynnstay Hall , Ruabon , Wales
Ruabon
Houses in Wrexham
Grade II * listed buildings in Wrexham County Borough
Country houses in Wales
Gardens by Capability Brown
Register of Parks and Gardens of Special Historic Interest in Wales
Grade II * listed houses in Wales
Narla ( Sl . No . : 81 ) is a Vidhan Sabha constituency of Kalahandi district , Odisha .
This constituency includes Narla block , Karlamunda block , Madanpur-Rampur block and 9 Gram panchayats ( Salepali , Belkhandi , Hatikhoj , Kantesir , Kashurpada ,
Nunmath , Paralsingha , Sirjapalli , Tundla and Turlakhman ) of Kesinga block .
Elected members
Twelve elections were held between 1967 and 2014 .
Elected member from the Narla constituency is :
2019 : ( 81 ) : Bhupinder Singh ( BJD )
2014 : ( 81 ) : Dhaneswar Majhi ( BJD )
2009 : ( 81 ) : Bhupinder Singh ( Congress )
2004 : ( 100 ) : Balabhadra Majhi ( BJD )
2000 : ( 100 ) : Balabhadra Majhi ( BJD )
1995 : ( 100 ) : Balabhadra Majhi ( Janata Dal )
1990 : ( 100 ) : Balabhadra Majhi ( Janata Dal )
1985 : ( 100 ) : Kumarmani Sabar ( Congress )
1980 : ( 100 ) : Tejraj Majhi ( Congress-I )
1977 : ( 100 ) : Tejraj Majhi ( Congress )
1974 : ( 100 ) : Anup Singh Deo ( Swatantra Party )
1971 : ( 94 ) : Gangadhar Madi ( Swatantra Party )
1967 : ( 94 ) : Anchal Majhi ( Swatantra Party )
2019 Election result
2014 Election result
In 2014 election , Biju Janata Dal candidate Dhaneswar Majhi defeated Indian National Congress candidate Jagannath Pattnayak by a margin of 15,768 votes .
2009 Election result
In 2009 election , Indian National Congress candidate Bhupinder Singh defeated Bharatiya Janata Party candidate Srikant Hota by a margin of 27,512 votes .
Notes
References
Assembly constituencies of Odisha
Kalahandi district
Głuchowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miłkowice , within Legnica County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south-western Poland . Prior to 1945 it was in Germany .
It lies approximately north-east of Miłkowice , north of Legnica , and west of the regional capital Wrocław .
References
Villages in Legnica County
Fortnum & Mason ( colloquially often shortened to just Fortnum 's ) is an upmarket department store in Piccadilly , London , with additional stores at The Royal Exchange , St Pancras railway station , Heathrow Airport in London and K11 Musea In Hong Kong , as well as various stockists worldwide . Its headquarters are located at 181 Piccadilly , where it was established in 1707 by William Fortnum and Hugh Mason . Today , it is privately owned by Wittington Investments Limited .
Founded as a grocery store , Fortnum 's reputation was built on supplying quality food , and saw rapid growth throughout the Victorian era . Though Fortnum 's developed into a department store , it continues to focus on stocking a variety of exotic , speciality and also 'basic ' provisions .
The store has since opened several other departments , such as the gentlemen 's department on the first floor . It also contains a tea shop and several restaurants .
History
William Fortnum was a footman in the household of Queen Anne . The royal family 's insistence on having new candles every night resulted in large amounts of half-used wax , which Fortnum promptly resold . Fortnum also had a side business as a grocer . He convinced his landlord , Hugh Mason , to be his associate , and they founded the first Fortnum & Mason store in Mason 's small shop in St James 's Market in 1707 . In 1761 , William Fortnum 's grandson Charles went into the service of Queen Charlotte , and the connection with the royal court led to an increase in business . Fortnum & Mason claims to have invented the Scotch egg , in 1738 . The store began to stock speciality items , namely ready-to-eat luxury meals such as poultry or game served in aspic jelly .
During the Napoleonic Wars , the emporium supplied dried fruit , spices and other preserves to British officers and during the Victorian era it was frequently called upon to provide food for prestigious court functions . Queen Victoria sent shipments of Fortnum & Mason 's concentrated beef tea to Florence Nightingale 's hospitals during the Crimean War .
Charles Drury Edward Fortnum ( 1820–1899 ) , of the family , was a distinguished art collector and a Trustee of the British Museum , to which he donated his collection of Islamic ceramics .
In 1886 , after having bought the entire stock of five cases of a new product made by H. J. Heinz , Fortnum & Mason became the first store in Britain to stock tins of baked beans .
The shop at 181–184 Piccadilly was rebuilt between 1926 and 1927 to a neo-Georgian design by the architects Wimperis , Simpson and Guthrie . The building also incorporates 22–27 Duke Street and 42–45 Jermyn Street .
In April 1951 , the Canadian businessman W. Garfield Weston acquired the store and became its chairman following a boardroom coup . In 1964 , he commissioned a four-ton clock to be installed above the main entrance of the store as a tribute to its founders . Every hour , models of William Fortnum and Hugh Mason emerge and bow to each other , with chimes and 18th-century–style music playing in the background . The chimes were incorporated into Jonathan Dove 's orchestral adaptation of Zeb Soanes ' children 's book Gaspard 's Foxtrot , which depicts the clock and its figures as illustrated by James Mayhew . Since Garfield Weston 's death in 1978 , the store has been run by his granddaughters , Jana Khayat and Kate Weston Hobhouse . The Chief Executive Officer is Tom Athron , who joined the business in December 2020 .
The store underwent a £24 million refurbishment in 2007 as part of its tercentenary celebrations .
In March 2012 , Queen Elizabeth II , Camilla , then Duchess of Cornwall and Catherine , then Duchess of Cambridge made their first official joint visit to Fortnum & Mason . During this visit , they were each presented with their own personalised hampers . The Queen opened the Diamond Jubilee Tea Salon on the fourth floor .
In November 2013 , the first company 's additional store was opened at St Pancras International station . The retailer has since opened stores and restaurants at Heathrow Terminal 5 in 2014 and The Royal Exchange in 2018 .
Fortnum & Mason opened its first standalone store outside Britain in Dubai on 21 March 2014 . This store closed on 9 July 2017 .
On 4 April 2019 , it was announced that Fortnum & Mason would open a Hong Kong store at K11 Musea in September 2019 . The 7,000 square-foot space features a retail store and restaurant .
Fortnum & Mason Food and Drink Awards
Fortnum & Mason runs an annual food and drinks awards scheme . According to the company 's former CEO Ewan Venters , the awards recognise ‘ the pinnacle of high achievement in food and drink across the media ' . The awards celebrate writers , publishers , presenters , image-makers and personalities working in the food and drink industry .
The 2018 awards ceremony was hosted by Claudia Winkleman and winners included Nadiya Hussain , Nigel Slater and Jay Rayner .
Royal Warrants
Fortnum & Mason holds two Royal Warrants , the first granted by Queen Elizabeth II as Grocers and Provisions Merchants , and the second by Charles , then Prince of Wales as Tea Merchants and Grocers .
Their first Royal Warrant was granted in 1910 by Queen Alexandra . Later Royal Warrants were granted to Fortnum & Mason by King George V , though Fortnum & Mason temporarily lost their warrant for King George V in 1948 , due to post war rationing of the time . The warrant for King George V was restored in 1951 .
Later , King George VI and his consort Queen Elizabeth , known as The Queen Mother after the death of King George VI in 1952 , both granted Fortnum & Mason Royal Warrants .
Platinum Jubilee
In 2022 , Fortnum & Mason was a sponsor of the Platinum Pudding Competition , as part of the official celebrations of the Platinum Jubilee of Elizabeth II .
Fortnum & Mason was also one of sixteen partners of the Platinum Jubilee Pageant , held on 5 June 2022 .
Controversies
In November 2010 , animal rights group PETA UK began a campaign against Fortnum & Mason 's sale of foie gras citing the cruelty in the production process . The group regularly held demonstrations involving celebrities , activists and volunteers outside the store . Celebrities supporting the campaign included Geezer Butler , Sir Roger Moore , Owain Yeoman , Tamara Ecclestone , Bill Oddie , Twiggy and Morrissey . In 2011 , Fortnum & Mason was reprimanded by Westminster Trading Standards for misleading customers about its animal welfare standards . As a result , the grocer changed its corporate social responsibility document to state that only UK suppliers are required to adhere to its welfare standards . In December 2020 , Fortnum & Mason ceased sale of foie gras in favour of the ethical alternative , foie royale .
On 26 March 2011 , Fortnum & Mason was targeted by the group UK Uncut , who broke off from the main 2011 anti-cuts protest march to target the tax avoidance policies of Associated British Foods , which , like Fortnum & Mason , is owned by Wittington Investments . This took the form of a mass sit-in , with some 138 UK Uncut protesters arrested .
In popular culture
Fortnum 's history of offering a wide variety of foodstuffs is referenced in the 1960 Hammer Studios film , The Two Faces of Dr. Jekyll . Set in the 1870s London , Mr Hyde quips regarding a lively and risqué London nightspot , `` Rather like Fortnum & Mason ... you can buy anything here . ''
In the 1994 film , The Madness of King George , set in the late 1780s , a footman named Fortnum leaves in a huff to `` set up a tea emporium '' . Thius is an anachronistic reference to the founding of the store , as William Fortnum 's position as a footman in the royal household of Queen Anne was many decades earlier .
In Anthony Trollope 's novel `` The Claverings , '' Sir Hugh Clavering disdains to trust Fortnum and Mason to provision his yachting trip to Norway . `` He was not a man to trust any Fortnum or any Mason as to the excellence of the article to be supplied , or as to the price . ''
The company is also mentioned in passing in a number of episodes of The Good Life .
See also
Harrods
Jenners
References
External links
Official website
Bonhams – Fortnum & Mason
1707 establishments in England
Shops in London
Luxury brands
Buildings and structures in the City of Westminster
Privately held companies of the United Kingdom
British Royal Warrant holders
Tourist attractions in the City of Westminster
Department store buildings in the United Kingdom
Food retailers of the United Kingdom
Delicatessens
British companies established in 1707
Retail companies established in 1707
Francisco Figueroa Jr. ( born June 13 , 1978 ) is a professional boxer from the Bronx , New York City , USA .
Nicknamed `` El Gato '' , Figueroa has been featured numerous times on ESPN2 and HBO fights . On 17 August 2005 he defeated Hector Alejandro Jr. for the New York State Light Welterweight Title . He also fought a powerhouse bout at Madison Square Garden against another undefeated contender , Joey Rios , where he successfully defended the title .
Figueroa fought Emanuel `` The Drunken Master '' Augustus , in which he won on a controversial split decision , on the undercard of the Roy Jones Jr. vs. Joe Calzaghe fight at Madison Square Garden on 8 November 2008 . However , some witnesses felt that Augustus , who had landed over 20 punches more than Figueroa , won the fight .
He knocked out Ubaldo Hernandez and defended the NABF Light Welterweight Title . He also beat high-ranked and undefeated opponent Francisco Rincon at Mid-Hudson Civic Center , in Poughkeepsie , New York . On 16 November , Figueroa made his second title defence against formidable opponent Noel Rodriguez . Figueroa won and retained his world title .
Figueroa was ranked fourth in the world and commands three minor regional titles . He linked up with trainer and former world champion , James `` Buddy '' McGirt , hoping for a chance for a world title in 2009 . An opportunity at that title came when Figueroa faced former light welterweight champion Randall Bailey in an IBF title eliminator in early April 2009 . Figueroa was knocked down in the opening round , but rallied back to score a flash knockdown in the second round . However , another right hand from Bailey floored Figueroa for the count in the fourth round .
External links
1978 births
Living people
Puerto Rican male boxers
American male boxers
Light-welterweight boxers
Miguel Chillida ( born 11 July 1963 ) is a Spanish water polo player . He competed in the men 's tournament at the 1988 Summer Olympics .
References
1963 births
Living people
Spanish male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of Spain
Water polo players at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing ( living people )
The Electoral district of Pastoral Districts of Lachlan and Lower Darling was an electorate of the New South Wales Legislative Council at a time when some of its members were elected and the balance were appointed by the Governor . It was a new electorate created in 1851 by the expansion of the Legislative Council to 54 , 18 to be appointed and 36 elected . The district covered the south west of New South Wales was named after the Lachlan and Darling Rivers . On its eastern side were the districts of County of Bathurst and Counties of King and Georgiana , to the north was the Pastoral Districts of Wellington and Bligh and to the south was the Counties of Murray and St Vincent . Polling was to occur in the towns of Binalong , Wagga Wagga , Balranald , Canowindra , Gundagai and Yass .
In 1856 the unicameral Legislative Council was abolished and replaced with an elected Legislative Assembly and an appointed Legislative Council . The district was represented by the Legislative Assembly electorate of Lachlan and Lower Darling .
Members
William Macleay went on to represent Lachlan and Lower Darling in the Legislative Assembly from 1856 .
Election results
1851
References
Former electoral districts of New South Wales Legislative Council
1851 establishments in Australia
1856 disestablishments in Australia
Dipdap is a children 's programme on CBeebies , in which a drawn line creates endless challenges and surprises for the unsuspecting little character Dipdap .
Background
The series was created by Steve Roberts and produced by Ragdoll Productions .
Broadcast
The Series Airs On CBeebies In The United Kingdom , In Canada , The Series Was Broadcast on TFO .
TFO
CBeebies
Awards
Dipdap won the 2011 British Academy Children 's Award in the `` Short Form '' category .
Episodes
References
External links
BBC children 's television shows
Television series by DHX Media
Television series by Ragdoll Productions
British children 's animated adventure television series
British preschool education television series
2010s British children 's television series
2011 British television series debuts
2013 British television series endings
English-language television shows
2010s British animated television series
CBeebies
Animated preschool education television series
2010s preschool education television series
Animated television series without speech
Kasımlar , Kızılcahamam is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam , Ankara Province , Turkey .
References
Villages in Kızılcahamam District
Joseph Davidson may refer to :
Joseph Davidson ( cricketer ) ( 1846–1901 ) , English cricketer
Joseph Davidson ( rugby union ) ( 1878–1910 ) , English sportsman
Joseph George Davidson ( 1892–1969 ) , chemist
Joseph Davison ( 1868–1948 ) , Northern Irish politician
Joseph Davidson Qualtrough ( 1885–1960 ) , Manx politician
Joseph Davidson Sowerby ( 1863–1948 ) , British constable
Joe Davidson ( American football ) ( born 1903 )
Josephine Davison , New Zealand actress
The Minister of Agriculture is a ministerial portfolio in the government of New Zealand . It existed from 1889 until 2012 , when the Ministry was merged into the larger Ministry of Primary Industries , and again from 2017 onwards as part of the Labour coalition government .
George Richardson was the first holder of the office , and David Carter of the New Zealand National Party was the last before the merge . In the end , there was no Associate Minister of Agriculture , although the position had existed in the past . Carter became the first Minister of Primary Industries . During the Sixth Labour Government , the Primary Industries portfolio was again split into four – Agriculture , Fisheries , Biosecurity and Forestry . The current Minister of Agriculture is Damien O'Connor .
Responsibilities and powers
Since 1998 , the Minister of Agriculture was the Responsible Minister for the Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry , commonly known as MAF . Related portfolios included Minister for Biosecurity , Minister of Fisheries , Minister of Forestry , and in the past , Minister for Lands . Since 2017 , the portfolio serves the Agriculture section within the Ministry for Primary Industries .
History
John McKenzie established the Department of Agriculture on 31 March 1892 , and the first minister was appointed on 17 October 1889 . Prior to Keith Holyoake receiving it in 1949 , the portfolio `` had become notorious as a political graveyard '' .
Between 1972 and 1977 the portfolio was titled `` Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries '' ; it was changed on 1 September 1972 when Douglas Carter held the position , and it reverted when Duncan MacIntyre was in office . It was also briefly titled `` Minister of Food , Fibre and Biosecurity '' , but responding to farmers ' demands Labour returned it to `` Minister of Agriculture '' after winning the 1999 election .
List of Ministers of Agriculture
Key
Table footnotes :
See also
Minister for Primary Industries
Notes
References
External links
Agriculture portfolio at the New Zealand Government website
Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry
Agriculture in New Zealand
Agriculture
The Frank Gomez Memorial Stakes was an American Thoroughbred horse race open to two-year-horses of either sex that was held annually at Calder Race Course in Miami Gardens , Florida from 1972 through 2013 .
History
Inaugurated as the Criterium Stakes , following the December 23 , 2007 death of Calder Race Course Hall of Fame trainer Frank Gomez , the race was renamed in his honor .
In 2000 , the race became part of the `` Summit of Speed '' stakes series . In 2013 , National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame inductee and future U. S. Triple Crown winner Mike Smith rode Yes I 'm Lucky to victory in what would turn out to be the final running of the Frank Gomez Memorial Stakes . The following year the `` Summit of Speed '' stakes series was canceled when Calder 's racing operations were leased to the Stronach Group , operators of Gulfstream Park , who did not pick up this race when the series resumed in 2015 .
The race was run in two divisions in 1958 , 1960 and 1963 .
Chronology of race names :
Frank Gomez Memorial Stakes : 2008-2013
Criterium Stakes : 1972-2008
Race distances :
5.5 furlongs : 1981-1985 , 1992-2004 , 2010-2013
6 furlongs : 1979-1980 , 1986-1991 , 2005-2009
1 mile ( 8 furlongs ) : 1972-1978
Records
Speed record :
At 5 ½ furlongs : 104.88 by Devil 's Disciple in 2004
At 6 furlongs : 1:10.67 by in Rummy King in 2005
At 1 mile ( 8 furlongs ) : 1:38 flat by Champion Du Nord in 1976
Most wins by a jockey :
3 - Eduardo O. Nunez ( 1989 , 2005 , 2012 )
3 - Abel Castellano Jr. ( 2001 , 2002 , 2006 )
Most wins by a trainer :
5 - Manuel J. Azpurua ( 1981 , 1994 , 1995 , 2000 , 2003 )
Most wins by an owner :
2 - S. G. Stable ( 1994 , 1995 )
2 - Jacks or Better Farm , Inc. ( 2002 , 2009 )
2 - Trilogy Stable ( 2006 , 2013 )
2 - J. Robert Harris III ( 2008 , 2011 )
Winners
References
Ungraded stakes races in the United States
Discontinued horse races
Horse races in Florida
Calder Race Course
Recurring sporting events established in 1972
Recurring events disestablished in 2013
1972 establishments in Florida
2013 disestablishments in Florida
Mena is a small town and commune in the Cercle of Kolondieba in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali . In 1998 the commune had a population of 5014 .
References
Communes of Sikasso Region
Star Anna Constantia Krogstie Bamford is an American singer and guitarist from Ellensburg , Washington who plays Americana and alt-country . Her band Star Anna and the Laughing Dogs includes Justin Davis ( guitar ) , Keith Ash ( bass ) , and Travis Yost ( drums ) . Since summer 2010 , the band has also included Ty Bailie on keyboards . Davis replaced original guitarist Corey Dosch , who left the band to pursue his Ph.D. ; Ash replaced earlier bassist Frank Johnson .
Life and musical career
Star Anna was born in 1985 . She began playing drums at the age of 11 . During high school , she played in a punk rock band named No Continuous Standing as a drummer . When she reached the age of 16 , she became a guitarist and started writing songs . Her early songs were specifically Christian but later expanded to include personal material in her songs .
Star Anna and the Laughing Dogs appeared with the Seattle Symphony Orchestra on October 26 , 2012 . The orchestra performed two of Star Anna 's songs , arranged by Scott Teske , and a piece composed by Teske with lyrics by Star Anna .
In his weekly column for Seattle alternative press weekly The Stranger , Duff McKagan wrote positively regarding her singing voice .
Discography
Crooked Path ( 2008 )
The Only Thing That Matters ( 2009 )
Alone in This Together ( 2011 )
Call Your Girlfriend ( Single ) ( 2012 )
Go to Hell ( 2013 ) with Ty Bailie ( keyboards/organ/piano ) , Julian McDonough ( drums ) , Jacques Willis ( vibraphones ) , Will Moore ( bass ) , and Jeff Fielder ( guitars )
The Sky Is Falling ( 2014 )
Light in the Window ( 2016 )
Notes
External links
Official site ,
Barbara Mitchell , Star Anna : A Bruising Breakup Song , NPR Song of the Day , 7 October 2009
Chelsea Krotzer , Ellensburg 's Star Anna and the Laughing Dogs just do what they love , Daily Record ( Ellensburg , Washington ) , 25 September 2009
Keesha Davis , Star Anna and the Laughing Dogs—Your New Favorite Band , Dog Canyon magazine ( Texas ) , 29 July 2010 .
Megan Scott , eburban.com , Interview : Star Anna 11 August 2011
American alternative country singers
American women country singers
American country singer-songwriters
Living people
Singer-songwriters from Washington ( state )
People from Ellensburg , Washington
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Country musicians from Washington ( state )
21st-century American women
High Meadows , also known as Peter White House , is a historic home located near Scottsville , Albemarle County , Virginia .
History
High Meadows consists of a -story brick dwelling built between 1831 and 1832 , and a two-story , 1883 stuccoed brick section . The 1883 addition more than tripled the size of the original dwelling and is connected by a frame , single-story passage which runs between and the length of both sections . The south facade of the 1883 section serves as the front elevation . It is two stories high and three bays wide and features a cross-gabled slate roof .
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986 .
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Virginia
Houses completed in 1883
Houses in Albemarle County , Virginia
National Register of Historic Places in Albemarle County , Virginia
Juan Méndez de Villafranca , O.P . ( died 1577 ) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Santa Marta ( 1577 ) .
Biography
Juan Méndez de Villafranca was born in Villafranca de los Barros , Spain and ordained a priest in the Order of Preachers .
On 14 Apr 1577 , he was appointed during the papacy of Pope Gregory XIII as Bishop of Santa Marta .
He served as Bishop of Santa Marta until his death in Dec 1577 .
References
External links and additional sources
( for Chronology of Bishops )
( for Chronology of Bishops )
16th-century Roman Catholic bishops in New Granada
Bishops appointed by Pope Gregory XIII
1577 deaths
Dominican bishops
Roman Catholic bishops of Santa Marta
The word `` FITkit '' may apply to several different topics :
In immunology :
FITkit , an immunological test for measuring natural rubber latex ( NRL ) allergens from a variety of rubber products , such as gloves
In computer science :
FITkit ( hardware ) , educational hardware platform on Brno University of Technology
The United States Karate Association ( USKA ) was the first karate organization on the mainland United States , founded by Robert Trias in 1948 .
The USKA became one of the largest associations of karate instructors in the nation , and through this organization Trias was also instrumental in setting up and promoting some of the first karate tournaments in the US in 1955 , as well as national and worldwide competitions . The USKA rules for tournament competition are still used today in the United States with only slight variation .
At its height the USKA had more than a half-million members worldwide and conducted an annual national championship competition in the United States . This competition was called the USKA National Championship in 1966 and became the USKA Grand National Championship in 1968 .
Trias died in 1989 of cancer , leaving the Shuri-ryu system to his daughter Roberta Trias-Kelley and precipitating a struggle for succession within the USKA . Both John Pachivas , regional USKA director for the Southeastern US , and George E. Anderson ( 1931-2009 ) , president of the United States Amateur Karate Federation , produced documents naming themselves as Trias ' successor . However , Trias-Kelley dissolved the organization in 1999 , thus ending the strife .
References
External links
Martial Arts Books
Karate organizations
Karate in the United States
Traditional karate
1948 establishments in the United States
1999 disestablishments in Arizona
Sports organizations established in 1948
Organizations disestablished in 1999
Eogeophilus ( `` dawn earth lover '' ) is an extinct genus of geophilid centipede that was discovered in the Nusplingen Limestone of Germany. < ref name= '' schweigertdietl1997 '' / It is a monotypic genus , with only type species Eogeophilus jurassicus known. < ref name= '' fossilworks '' /
Etymology
The genus was named for its close relationship and similarities to the extant Geophilus . The specific epithet is derived from the Jurassic , which is in turn named after the Jura Mountain Range .
References
Geophilomorpha
Kimmeridgian life
Jurassic animals of Europe
Jurassic Germany
Fossils of Germany
Fossil taxa described in 1997
Cagle is an American surname resulting from the Anglicization of the German surname Kegel . Notable people with the surname include :
Alfred Marcus Cagle ( 1884–1968 ) , American Shape Note composer
Brett Cagle ( born 1962 ) , American religious leader
Casey Cagle ( born 1966 ) , American politician
Chris Cagle ( born 1968 ) , American country music singer , apparent relative of football player Chris
Chris `` Red '' Cagle ( 1905–1942 ) , American football player
Daryl Cagle ( born 1956 ) , American cartoonist
Harold Cagle ( 1913–1977 ) , American Olympic athlete
Joey Allen ( née Joseph Allen Cagle , born 1964 ) , American glam metal guitarist
Mary Cagle ( born 1989 ) , American webcomic artist
Myrtle Cagle ( born 1925 ) , American pilot and part of Mercury 13
Sandy Cagle ( born 1957 ) , American model
Susan Justice ( née Susan Cagle , born 1981 ) , American pop-rock singer
Susie Cagle , American journalist/cartoonist , daughter of Daryl
Yvonne Cagle ( born 1959 ) , American astronaut
See also
Cagle 's map turtle , a species of turtle
Chris Cagle , Chris Cagle 's self-titled album
Myopitora is a genus of the family Tephritidae , better known as fruit flies .
References
Tephritinae
Tephritidae genera
The Toronto Regional Real Estate Board ( TRREB ) , formerly the Toronto Real Estate Board ( TREB ) , is a non-profit professional association of registered real estate brokers and salespeople in and about the Greater Toronto Area . TRREB 's Toronto office is located at 1400 Don Mills Road .
TRREB was formed in 1920 , and 100 years after its formation , in January 2020 , the name was changed from Toronto Real Estate Board .
Multiple Listing Service
Toronto 's Co-operative Listing System was first created in 1924 , but only lasted 8 months . Later , in 1944 , its Multiple Listing Service was established , and was computerized in 1974 .
TRREB currently utilizes Stratus software to allow members to enter and manage their Multiple Listing Service listings .
In April 2021 , TRREB announced it would stop using the word `` master '' when referencing main bedrooms in homes , because the word `` is often seen as a reference to racism , sexism and slavery '' .
Members
TRREB currently has 64,000 Realtor members , the most of any real estate association in Canada .
Members of TRREB are licensed by the Real Estate Council of Ontario ( RECO ) to trade in real estate in Ontario .
Members and member offices can be found by using the search function on the home page of its website . All members of the Board are also members of the Ontario Real Estate Association and Canadian Real Estate Association , and as such , are permitted to use the term REALTOR . The REALTOR and MLS trademarks are owned by the Canadian Real Estate Association ( CREA ) .
See also
Canadian Real Estate Association
Ontario Real Estate Association
References
External links
Toronto Regional Real Estate Board public website
Toronto Regional Real Estate Board listing search
Real estate industry trade groups based in Canada
Trade associations based in Ontario
Economy of Toronto
Real Estate Board
1920 establishments in Ontario
The discography of independent Korean-American ( US-born Asian ) artist David Choi includes a total of 55 songs ( as of June 2011 ) , self-written and collaborated , 3 studio albums , with 1 coming October 2011 , 5 singles , 9 music videos , 2 cover albums , 2 special editions , 4 collaborations , 3 songs for two soundtracks , 15 albumless originals and 1 promotional song over a span of 11 years ( 2000–2011 ) . David Choi has released few songs for sale on iTunes and has distributed his 2 studio albums , titled Only You and By My Side , physically .
All releases were and are released independently , without help of any record label . Choi owns all rights to them and the master recordings . He is also the sole songwriter of all 55 songs , also the sole composer and performer , except for some collaborations .
Studio albums
David released his first studio album , Only You , in August 2008 on iTunes and in October 2008 , physically . It was accompanied with his first single Wo n't Even Start . He released his second album in May 2010 , and his third single That Girl , which was written in 2003 . He has announced in gigs that he will be unveiling `` Forever and Ever '' with new songs in the month of October 2011 .
Singles
Over 11 years , David has released only 6 official singles , many of which have been written earlier than 2008 , though many originals are released the way singles are themselves , but free . He has 3 independent singles ( singles which were originally accompanied no albums at time of release ) and 3 singles released accompanying an album . David has also hinted the release of another song , This And That , in his upcoming third album , as a single , though it might not end up as one .
By My Side
That Girl ( Released May 18 , 2010 )
By My Side ( Releasing July 7 , 2011 )
Only You
Wo n't Even Start ( Released October 28 , 2008 )
Other singles
Valentines ( Released March 1 , 2009 )
We 'll Make It Last All Afternoon ( Released December 1 , 2009 )
I Choose Happiness ( Released June 28 , 2011 )
Music videos
In 2008 , David released his first music video , in collaboration with artist Kina Grannis , for their song , My Time With You , and it has since fetched 1.29 million overviews . Since that year , David Choi has released 8 music videos , 7 for singles and 1 for a song . All have fetched a million overviews on video-sharing website YouTube . He collaborates with production company Wong Fu Productions most of the time and has produced four music videos with them . He also made a video for a song called `` I Choose Happiness '' which the instrumental version is what KevJumba and Wong Fu Productions always use in their videos . It will appear in the new 2011 movie `` Lucky '' .
Cover albums
David has produced and released a two-part cover album , separated into two albums , titled `` YouTube Covers '' . Altogether , it contains 26 famous tracks covered by him and uploaded on video-sharing website YouTube . It was released in July 2010 , after his album by My Side .
Volume 1
I 'm Yours ( originally by Jason Mraz )
OMG ( originally by Usher )
I Got ta Feeling ( originally by The Black Eyed Peas )
California Gurls ( originally by Katy Perry )
Bad Romance ( originally by Lady Gaga )
Poker Face ( originally by Lady Gaga )
Breakeven ( originally by The Script )
Need You Now ( originally by Lady Antebellum )
Telephone ( originally by Lady Gaga )
Viva la Vida ( originally by Coldplay )
Wonderwall ( originally by Oasis )
Who I Am ( originally by Nick Jonas & the Administration )
Replay ( originally by Iyaz )
Volume 2
Womanizer ( originally by Britney Spears )
Fireflies ( originally by Owl City )
Hey , Soul Sister ( originally by Train )
Use Somebody ( originally by Kings of Leon )
How Deep Is Your Love ( originally by Bee Gees )
My Life Would Suck Without You ( originally by Kelly Clarkson )
Imagine ( originally by John Lennon )
Ben ( originally by Michael Jackson )
Something ( originally by The Beatles )
Who Says ( originally by John Mayer )
Love Me Tender ( originally by Elvis Presley )
The Way You Make Me Feel ( originally by Michael Jackson )
Sunday Morning ( originally by Maroon 5 )
Special editions
David has released 2 special editions of his 2 studio albums , By My Side and Only You , in Korea . They include nothing more than a different cover , 3 bonus tracks ( Only You ) and 2 bonus tracks ( By My Side ) . They are only available in Korea .
Collaborations
David has collaborated with semi-notable figures such as Kina Grannis , Ryan Higa , Kevin Wu , Philip Wang and even Far East Movement ( though not actually doing a song ) . He has produced 4 singles out of these collaborations , 2 were released on iTunes , 1 taken down from iTunes and another released free . All four singles are accompanied with a music video .
Soundtrack appearances
He has appeared on 1 soundtrack , for Korean Drama All My Love . The original soundtrack contained two of his albumless songs , Happily Ever After and its Korean counterpart . Also , in 2011 , he might appear on a soundtrack for movie Lucky for his song I Choose Happiness .
Originals
David has a few original songs , all of which are albumless . They are released free on his official website , but as they go accompanying the album through the years , they are taken down , like his humorous love song , My Company . Originals also include the time when he made songs out of his YouTube fans ' love stories , in which he did with Starburst . He has made 4 songs in this side-project .
The list is shown here in two columns :
Originals
YouTube ( A Love Song )
Pick It
Mr . Audio Preview
It 's Rad To Pick Your Nose
I Got A Coco Bidet
Fart
Does n't It All Taste Good
I Fart Like Everyone
WALK
Spinach Stew
Please Do n't Touch My Junk
`` Starburst '' project
Happiness Is Always Near
High School
TMI
Grade Three
All songs written , composed and performed by David Choi .
Promotional
As a parody of B.o.B and Bruno Mars ' Nothin ' on You , David overwrote the lyrics and did a song for his favourite restaurant Chick-fil-A . It was entitled Nothing on a Chick-fil-A .
References
Discographies of American artists
Pop music discographies
Rock music discographies
Barnes is an unincorporated community in Greene County , Virginia , United States .
References
GNIS reference
Unincorporated communities in Greene County , Virginia
Unincorporated communities in Virginia
Black Sound Cay National Reserve is a national park on Green Turtle Cay in North Abaco , the Bahamas . The park was established in 1988 and has an area of .
Flora and fauna
The mangrove area includes red , white and black mangroves , and buttonwood , creating sheltered nursery waters for groupers , crawfish and conch . The park provides important habitat for birds such as the white-cheeked pintail and the West Indian whistling duck , and for migratory bird species including the painted bunting , indigo bunting , American redstart , black-and-white warbler and magnolia warbler .
References
National parks of the Bahamas
Abaco Islands
James C. Katz is an American film historian and preservationist who has restored and reconstructed a number of classic films . Though he began his career as a film producer , he concentrated his attention on preserving existing films .
His film preservation projects include : Spartacus , My Fair Lady , and Alfred Hitchcock 's Vertigo and Rear Window . He frequently collaborates with Bob O'Neil and Robert A. Harris , with whom he shared the King Vidor Award for Excellence in Filmmaking at the 2000 San Luis Obispo International Film Festival .
References
Living people
21st-century American historians
21st-century American male writers
American film producers
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Place of birth missing ( living people )
American male non-fiction writers
USS Jaguar ( IX-120 ) , an Armadillo-class tanker designated an unclassified miscellaneous vessel , was the only ship of the United States Navy to be named for the jaguar , a large leopard-like mammal of wooded regions , typically yellowish brown marked with dark spots . Her keel was laid down as Charles T. Yerkes under Maritime Commission contract ( Z-ET1-S-C3 ) by the California Shipbuilding Corporation , in San Pedro , California . She was launched on 20 November 1943 , renamed Jaguar 27 October , acquired by the Navy 15 December 1943 and commissioned that day .
After shakedown out of San Pedro , California , Jaguar departed 19 January 1944 for duty as a floating storage ship in the Pacific islands . She arrived New Caledonia on 21 February via Wellington , New Zealand , and from there she transported vital diesel oil , aviation gasoline , and minesweeping gear to the New Hebrides and Solomon Islands . Jaguar returned to the West Coast early in 1946 and arrived Norfolk , Virginia , via the Panama Canal on 20 April . She decommissioned there 10 June 1946 , and was turned over to the Maritime Commission . After serving as a tanker with various American lines under the name of Harry Peer in 1948 and Tini in 1949 , the ship was transferred to Panamanian flag in February 1951 .
References
External links
Photo gallery at Navsource.org
Armadillo-class tankers
Unclassified miscellaneous vessels of the United States Navy
Liberty ships
Ships built in Los Angeles
1943 ships
The Atlantic Bowl was one of the two national semifinal men 's football games of Canadian Interuniversity Sport ( now known as U Sports ) . The winner of the Atlantic Bowl would meet the winner of the Churchill Bowl for the Vanier Cup . It was replaced by the Uteck Bowl in 2001 following the death of Larry Uteck , a former athletic director at Saint Mary 's University .
History
The Atlantic Bowl was traditionally a match between the champions of Atlantic University Sport ( and its various predecessors ) and a conference-winning team from central Canada . It had been hosted in Halifax , Nova Scotia annually since 1956 , often at Huskies Stadium , home to the Saint Mary 's Huskies . There were exceptions to Halifax as the host city . In 1976 , the Acadia Axemen hosted the game at Raymond Field . The second was in 1983 when the game was scheduled to be hosted by the Canada West champion . The AUAA withdrew from national competition and participation in the game due to the relocation from Halifax . As a result , the Calgary Dinos advanced to the Vanier Cup by virtue of their Hardy Trophy win over UBC .
The Atlantic Bowl champions would receive the Robert L. Stanfield trophy , a trophy named after the former leader of Her Majesty 's Official Opposition .
Traditionally , the winners of Atlantic University Sport would face one of the other three conference champions , with the other two meeting in the Churchill Bowl .
List of Atlantic Bowl Championships
Team Win/Loss records
References
Sport in Halifax , Nova Scotia
U Sports football trophies and awards
Sport in Atlantic Canada
1956 establishments in Nova Scotia
2001 disestablishments in Nova Scotia
Recurring sporting events established in 1956
Recurring sporting events disestablished in 2001
Ronald Hearns ( born 19 March 1978 ) is an American professional boxer and the son of Thomas Hearns .
Hearns fights at both the light middleweight and middleweight divisions .
Background
Hearns began boxing as a teenager at Kronk and Butzel Gym 's in Detroit . However , his father , a former world champion had him barred from the gyms in order that he would concentrate on his education .
Hearns attended American University where he graduated with a degree in Criminal Justice . During his time at AU he played for the university basketball team , the Eagles .
Following this his father became supportive of his boxing and Hearns Jr. gained a record of 10-0 ( 10 KO ) during his brief amateur career and won the 2004 National Middleweight Championship Title .
Professional career
Hearns turned professional in April 2004 at the Joe Louis Arena in Detroit . In his debut Hearns defeated unbeaten novice Alex Black with a first round knockout . On March 28 , 2009 , in a televised bout , he was knocked out by Harry Joe Yorgey his first professional loss .
He faced middleweight champion Felix Sturm February 19 , 2011 and lost by KO in the 7th round .
References
External links
1978 births
Living people
Boxers from Detroit
American male boxers
Light-middleweight boxers
Gangavalli River is one of the many small rivers that originates and flows entirely within the western part of state of Karnataka in India . The National Highway 17 ( India ) continues on the Hosur Bridge the bridge built over Gangavali River and the road continues to split the Ankola and Kumta regions to connect Uttar Kannada district to Dharwar and Mangalore area .
Origin and topography
Gangavalli River ( also called Bedthi River ) originates from the Western Ghats the south of Dharwad ( Near Someshwara temple ) as Shalmala and flows in the west direction to meet the Arabian sea just after the Ganga temple . Here the River embraces the name Gangavalli from the Goddess Ganga ; the village in this area carries the same name Gangavalli . This stream joins at Kalghatgi about lower down to the Bedthi River that takes its birth near Hubli . River then flows west and then south-west for a total distance of 69 km . This river has a catchment area of and has a total length of . On its course towards the Arabian Sea , the river falls from a height of 180 metre at a point called Magod.Manjaguni a new resort place on the western face of the Sahyadri , is significant and picturesque at the confluence of the river and the Arabian Sea during the low and high tides during full moons .
The bed fall of the river is gentle for the first . After that point the river bed falls rapidly with a clear over fall of at Magod and is popularly known as The Magod Falls . Afterwards river runs in deep gorges with a steep bed falls . The Sonda ( the tributary of Bedhi River ) joins the river after the falls . The Ganagavalli village is away from the Ankola town and 4 km from Belambar . One of the other new resort areas of the Uttar Kannada district , Gokarna town is 4 km away in the other direction on Gangavalli road . The river flows through Dharwad and Uttar Kannada districts . The river has dense evergreen and semi-evergreen forests along its path .
Tributaries
Bedthi , Shalmali and Sonda
Geology
Soils in the Gangavalli basin are mainly laterite in origin and tend to be reddish to brownish in colour . The various type of soil found here is golden sand , clay loamy , clayey , clayey-skeletal , and loamy .
Climate
Rainfall
With a major part of the river lying in the Western Ghats , the Ganagavalli river basin receives a large amount of rainfall . Mean annual rainfall ranges from to . About 95 % of the rainfall is received during the month of June to September ( July being the rainiest ) when the southwest monsoon is at its climax . There is some rainfall in the post monsoon season in the form of thundershowers mostly during October and some rainfall also occurs during the summer months of April and May . During heavy monsoons , the river floods to nearby villages and dumps dirt and dead animals to lands creating havoc to villagers .
Temperature
April is usually the hottest month with the mean daily maximum temperature at 36˚C and the mean daily minimum at 22˚C .
Humidity
During the morning , the relative humidity exceeds 75 % for most times of the year . During the months of monsoon , the relative humidity during the afternoons is approximately 60 % . During the driest months ( January to March ) , the relative humidity in the afternoon is less than 35 % .
See also
Ports of Karnataka
References
External links
Ganagavalli River
Gangavalli River Bank
River systems in Karnataka
Rivers of Karnataka
Rivers of the Western Ghats
Rivers of India
American Sniper : The Autobiography of the Most Lethal Sniper in U.S. Military History is a work of autobiographical creative nonfiction by United States Navy SEAL Chris Kyle , written with Scott McEwen and Jim DeFelice . The book was published by William Morrow and Company on January 2 , 2012 and appeared on The New York Times Best Seller list for 37 weeks .
The memoir has sold over 1.2 million copies across all formats ( hardcover , paper , and ebook ) , including 700,000 copies in 2015 alone , making it one of the best-selling books of 2015 . It landed atop all the major best-seller lists including the aforementioned The New York Times , and Publishers Weekly , USA Today and No . 2 on Amazon . Its film adaptation directed by Clint Eastwood and starring actor Bradley Cooper as Kyle was released in 2014 .
Plot overview
American Sniper tells the story of Chris Kyle , a Navy SEAL who completed four tours in Iraq from 1999–2009 . The book describes Kyle 's upbringing in Odessa , Texas , Navy SEAL training , and combat experiences in Iraq .
Kyle describes his role in the battle for control of Ramadi , events that led to Iraqi insurgents ' nicknaming Kyle the `` Devil of Ramadi '' and placing a bounty on his head . He writes that after his first confirmed kill , `` the others come easy . I do n't have to psych myself up , or do something special mentally—I look through the scope , get my target in the cross hairs , and kill my enemy , before he kills one of my people . ''
Reaction
Post-publication retraction
In July 2014 , the sub-chapter `` Punching Out Scruff Face '' was removed from later editions of the book , after a three-week trial in U.S. Federal Court wherein the jury found that the author , Chris Kyle , had unjustly enriched himself by defaming plaintiff Jesse Ventura . In the book , Kyle described blackening the eye of `` Scruff Face '' , whom he later identified in media interviews as Jesse Ventura . The jury awarded Ventura $ 500,000 for defamation and $ 1,345,477.25 for unjust enrichment . In December 2014 , attorneys for Ventura filed a separate lawsuit against HarperCollins , the parent company of the publisher , for failing to check the accuracy of the story it used in publicity . The suit alleges that the false account used in publicity had `` increased sales '' and generated `` millions of dollars for HarperCollins . '' On June 13 , 2016 , the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit vacated the verdict on the defamation count , remanding the case for a new trial on that count , and reversed the unjust enrichment verdict outright . The court cited legal and procedural errors in the trial without deciding whether Kyle 's allegations were true or not . In December 2017 , Ventura settled with Kyle 's estate and dropped his suit against HarperCollins .
Charity donation claims
Some sources claimed Kyle 's family had said all his book proceeds were donated to veterans ' charities . Salon and National Review disputed the donation amount , asserting that around 2 percent ( $ 52,000 ) went to the charities , while Kyle 's family received $ 3 million .
Military record claims
In May 2016 , The Intercept claimed that Kyle 's autobiography `` embellished '' his military record , and that he had been warned by Navy officials about the inaccuracies before publication . Others , including co-author Scott McEwen , disputed this . On May 28 , The Hollywood Reporter did an analysis , concluding that the newly released internal Navy documents were inconclusive — that the document that typically is the definitive record of military service matched Kyle 's claims and that the Navy had not yet publicly stated this document or the facts within it were incorrect . Kyle 's DD Form 214 listed a total of two Silver Stars and six Bronze stars , more than he claimed in his book .
On July 8 , 2016 , the U.S. Navy corrected Kyle 's DD-214 regarding some decorations listed on his original discharge document . The Navy revised it to one Silver Star and four Bronze Stars with valor . The Navy said `` Kyle would have played no role in the production of his personnel files other than signing the DD-214 upon his discharge '' and `` [ a ] fter thoroughly reviewing all available records , the Navy determined an error was made '' and `` issued a corrected copy of the DD-214 , which accurately reflects Kyle 's years of honorable and extraordinary service . ''
Film adaptation
In 2014 , Clint Eastwood 's film , American Sniper , is based on Kyle 's autobiography of the same name . It had its world première on November 11 , 2014 , at the American Film Institute Festival , followed by a limited theatrical release in the United States on December 25 , 2014 . It received a wide release January 16 , 2015 . In the film , Kyle was portrayed by actor Bradley Cooper . For his portrayal of Kyle , Cooper received an Academy Award nomination for Best Actor , and the film was also nominated in five other categories , including Best Picture . The film won the Academy Award for Best Sound Editing .
Memorial Edition
In 2013 , after Kyle 's death , a memorial edition was published which includes more than 80 pages of remembrances by his parents ; his wife , Taya ; his brother ; lifelong friends ; Marcus Luttrell and other fellow SEALs ; veterans and wounded warriors ; and many others .
References
2012 non-fiction books
American memoirs
Iraq War memoirs
Books about snipers
Books about the United States Navy SEALs
Memoirs adapted into films
William Morrow and Company books
Collaborative memoirs
This is one of Robert Frost 's smaller collections . This poetic collection was published in New York Times on June 1 , 1947 . It is dedicated to Robert Frost 's six grandchildren . There is tenderness and passive sadness in this volume . In this collection , with Spiritual Themes , Robert Frost portrays religion in an ambiguous way .
The poems of this collection :
Directive
A Young Birch
Skeptic
Etherealizing
Why Wait for Science
Too Anxious for Reverse
One Step Backward Taken
American poetry collections
Claude Marie Joseph Dupuy ( 13 September 1901 – 13 February 1989 ) was a French Catholic priest who became Archbishop of Albi , which encompasses the department of Tarn in southern France . He held office at a time of social unrest and declining interest in the priesthood . In 1966 he was an episcopal member of the Pontifical Commission on Birth Control . After his retirement in 1974 due to health problems he returned his award of the Legion of Honour in protest against the law on abortion .
Early years
Claude Marie Joseph Dupuy was born in Chevrières , Loire on 13 September 1901 .
His older brother died in 1916 during the Battle of the Somme when he was preparing to become a priest .
This may have inspired Claude Dupuy to become a priest .
He studied at the Séminaire universitaire de Lyon .
He was ordained a priest on 20 March 1926 .
He received a doctorate in theology with a thesis on the `` Triumph of the Cross '' , an apologetic work on Savonarola .
Priest and Bishop
In 1928 Dupuy was appointed vicar of the working-class Izieux parish of Saint-Chamond , Loire , and iron and coal region .
In 1946 Cardinal Pierre-Marie Gerlier called him to manage diocesan works .
He was named diocesan chaplain of students , and was placed in charge of the press and the Semaine religieuse journal .
From 1953 he was vicar-general of the archdiocese of Lyon and part of Rhône Nord .
On 7 March 1955 he was appointed Auxiliary Bishop of Lyon and Titular Bishop of Selia .
He was ordained Titular Bishop of Selia on 27 April 1955 .
Archbishop
On 4 December 1961 Dupuy was appointed Archbishop of Albi .
As archbishop Dupuy instituted the Council of the Presbytery , the Diocesan Committee of Pastoral Care and many diocesan commissions .
He placed great emphasis on collegiality , delegating authority and insisting that the work of the diocese be shared between the bishop and the priests .
In the spirit of ecumenism he twinned the diocese with the Anglican Diocese of Chester in 1972 .
The diocese struggled during his time in office with a decline in priests , and in 1963 he had to drop Sunday services in the smaller rural parishes .
He also consolidated urban and rural parishes . However , he built new places of worship in the growing suburbs of Albi , Castres and Graulhet . He was involved in social issues , including mining conflicts in 1962–63 , returnees from Algeria , the threatened closure of the Saut-du-Tarn steel plant in 1968 and the other social disturbances of 1968 .
Dupuy was an episcopal member of the Pontifical Commission on Birth Control .
He was named to the fifth and final session of the Commission , which started in April 1966 and lasted almost three months until the end of June .
This was the session where decisions were to be made .
Dupuy was responsible for the `` pastoral approaches '' letter .
This said `` the church remains faithfully attached to the divine imperatives of the unity , stability and fecundity of marriage .
It said that procreation was one of the ends of marriage , but that there were other ends including love between the married couple , education and upbringing of children and providing a basic unit for society .
On the issue of contraception it said `` what is always to be condemned is not the regulation of conception , but an egotistic married life , refusing a creative opening-out of the family circle ... this is the anti-conception that is against the Christian ideal of marriage .
The pastoral introduction in French accompanied the draft Document concerning Responsible Parenthood ( Schema Documenti de Responsabili Paternitate ) , the one part of the final report that was leaked .
The commission could not reach agreement , and in the end Pope Paul VI set out the official church position in the encyclical Humanae vitae issued on 25 July 1968 .
The pastoral letter was published in The Tablet on 21 September 1968 .
Last years
Dupuy retired on 15 June 1974 .
He was suffering from heart problems , and in July 1974 moved to the retirement home for priests of the diocese in Vernaison .
Towards the end of 1974 he returned the award of the Legion of Honour to President Valéry Giscard d'Estaing in protest against the new law on abortion .
Claude Dupuy died on 13 February 1989 .
Notes
Sources
1901 births
1989 deaths
Archbishops of Albi
20th-century Roman Catholic archbishops in France
Auxiliary bishops of Lyon
The Women 's 25 km competition at the 2022 World Aquatics Championships was held in June 2022 .
Results
The race was started at 07:00 .
References
Women 's 25 km
Women 's 25 km open water
Anna Geary ( born 28 July 1987 ) is a camogie player and television personality from Milford , County Cork , Ireland .
Sporting career
She is a winner of four All Star awards , most recently in 2011 . She previously won All-Star awards in 2005 and 2006 and 2010. and All Ireland medals in 2005 2006 , 2009 and 2014 . She was nominated for a further All-Star award in 2007 .
Geary was captain as Cork won the 2014 All-Ireland Senior Camogie Championship . Geary Is the winner of 3 All Ireland Club medals in 2013 , 2014 and 2016 . Three Munster camogie club medals and three county camogie medals with her club Milford .
She also won a European camogie championship playing for GSC Luxembourg in 2008 . In May 2015 , Geary announced her retirement from inter-county camogie at the age of 27 .
Personal life
In 2019 Geary married her long-time partner , Dublin man Kevin Sexton , in a ceremony at Castlemartyr resort , Cork .
Television career
In 2015 , she joined the coaching panel of the RTÉ One reality competition series , Ireland 's Fittest Family . In her first year on the series she made it to the final with her family , the Daverns , ultimately finishing in third place .
She returned to the show in 2016 , winning this time with the Cummins family from Co. Tipperary . It was confirmed in May 2017 that Anna would return to the series for a third consecutive year alongside Davy Fitzgerald , returning coach Derval O'Rourke and new coach , Donncha O'Callaghan .
In 2016 , she hosted a weekly sport segment on TV3 's The Seven O'Clock Show with Martin King and Lucy Kennedy .
She was also a contributor on Marty Morrissey 's weekly RTÉ Radio 1 show , The Marty Squad .
In 2017 , she was announced as the pitch-side presenter of eir Sport 's Match Night Live .
In 2018 , she competed in Dancing With the stars series two in Ireland and finished runner-up .
References
External links
Anna wins Cork 's only All Star in 2010 https : //web.archive.org/web/20101108075114/http : //www.rte.ie/sport/gaa/championship/2010/1106/camogie.html
Living people
Cork camogie players
1988 births
The Norwich City F.C . Hall of Fame honours Norwich City F.C . players , coaches , managers , directors and executives who have `` made the greatest contribution to the club in its long history both on and off the pitch . '' During the club 's centenary season ( 2002–03 ) , a Hall of Fame was created . Initially , 100 significant figures from the club 's history were honoured ; 25 were nominated by the Norwich City Football Club Historical Trust and a further 75 were subsequently elected by supporters . A further 20 members were inducted in 2006 and 2009 , again with some chosen by the Trust and some elected by supporters . In 2012 , another eight members were selected , three by the Norwich City Football Club Historical Trust and five elected by supporters .
Six members of the Hall of Fame both played for and managed or coached at the club , most recently Gary Megson and Doug Livermore , respectively . Mike Walker is the only manager in the list to have had two spells as City manager .
List of members
Below is a sortable list of the inductees , indicating members who have also won the club 's Player of the Season award since its inception in 1967 .
`` Type '' refers to the type of admission to the Hall of Fame .
Inaugural : One of 25 people nominated by the Norwich City Football Club Historical Trust in 2003 as inaugural members
2003 : One of 75 people admitted to the Hall of Fame in 2003 having been elected by supporters as inaugural members
2006 : One of 10 additional people admitted to the Hall of Fame in 2006
2009 : One of 10 additional people admitted to the Hall of Fame in 2009
2012 : One of 8 additional people admitted to the Hall of Fame in 2012
Members by position
Members by nationality
References
External links
Hall of Fame page ( Norwich City F.C . official website )
Hall
Lists of association football players by club in England
Association football museums and halls of fame
Halls of fame in England
Sports hall of fame inductees
Awards established in 2003
2003 establishments in England
Association football player non-biographical articles
Robert Roderick Meyers ( August 11 , 1924 – March 22 , 2014 ) was a Canadian ice hockey player . He was a member of the Edmonton Mercurys that won a gold medal at the 1952 Winter Olympics in Oslo , Norway .
External links
Robert Meyers ' profile at Sports Reference.com
Robert Meyers ' obituary
1924 births
2014 deaths
Ice hockey people from Alberta
Ice hockey players at the 1952 Winter Olympics
Olympic gold medalists for Canada
Olympic ice hockey players of Canada
Olympic medalists in ice hockey
Medalists at the 1952 Winter Olympics
Sportspeople from Edmonton
Canadian ice hockey defencemen
Joseph Hughes ( 18 September 1905 – 20 January 1960 ) was an Irish Fine Gael politician who served as a Teachta Dála ( TD ) for the Carlow–Kilkenny constituency from 1948 to 1960 .
Hughes worked as a farmer in County Kilkenny before entering politics . He was first elected as a Fine Gael TD at the 1948 general election for Carlow–Kilkenny , and held the seat until his death in 1960 , aged 54 . The resulting by-election for his seat was held on 23 June 1960 won by the Fianna Fáil candidate Patrick Teehan .
References
1905 births
1960 deaths
Fine Gael TDs
Members of the 13th Dáil
Members of the 14th Dáil
Members of the 15th Dáil
Members of the 16th Dáil
Irish farmers
The 1998 Australian Touring Car Championship was an Australian motor racing competition open to 5.0 Litre Touring Cars , ( also known as V8 Supercars ) . The championship , which was sanctioned by the Confederation of Australian Motor Sport as an Australian title , was contested over a ten-round series which began on 1 February 1998 at Sandown International Motor Raceway and ended on 2 August at Oran Park International Raceway . The series was promoted as the `` Shell Australian Touring Car Championship '' . The title , which was the 39th Australian Touring Car Championship , was won by Craig Lowndes .
Teams and drivers
The following teams and drivers competed in the championship . Entries listed as `` L1 '' competed for the overall championship , whereas those denoted `` L2 '' also competed for the Privateers ' Teams Cup .
Race calendar
The championship was contested over a ten-round series with three races per round .
Points system
Points were awarded to the first twenty classified finishers in each race as follows :
Championship standings
Race three at the Calder round was abandoned before the start due to water lying on the track after a late afternoon storm .
Privateers ' Team Cup
The Privateers ' Team Cup was open top Level 2 teams competing with control tyres . Points were awarded on the same basis as for the actual Championship however competitors were required to nominate eight rounds at which they would compete and only their best six results from those rounds would be retained towards the Cup award . Two-driver teams were permitted to pool their points into a combined score .
The Cup was won by Lansvale Smash Repairs with the team 's Holden VS Commodore driven by Trevor Ashby and Steve Reed .
References
External links
Official V8 Supercar site
1998 Racing Results Archive
Australian Touring Car Championship seasons
Australian Touring Car Championship
Neoglyptatelus is an extinct genus of xenarthran , belonging to the order Cingulata . It lived from the Middle to the Late Miocene , and its fossilized remains are found in South America .
Description
This animal was roughly similar with modern armadillos , but with a very different carapace morphology . The size of Neoglyptatelus was situated between the size of a greater long-nosed armadillo and that of a giant armadillo ; the type species , Neoglyptatelus originalis , reached a length of 60 centimeters , excluding the tail , and a weight around 15 kilograms .
Its carapace was divided into two separate shields , one scapular and the other pelvic , composed of numerous polygonal osteoderms 1 centimeter thick and 1.5 centimeters long , and fused together to form a rigid structure ; the posterior margin of the scapular shield , which reached about half the total length of the body , consisted of two rows of wedge-shaped , imbricated osteoderms , covering the anterior margin of the pelvic shield . 'Neoglyptatelus was hence equipped with a shield rigid in most of its structure , but flexible in the middle of the back . This is a unique structure for a cingulate , the glyptodonts only having a completely rigid structure formed by fixed osteoderms , and the modern armadillos having several mobile bands in the middle of their backs .
The skull of Neoglyptatelus was long and thin , and devoid of teeth . The caudal armor was also composed of osteoderms placed side by side .
Classification
The genus Neoglyptatelus was first described in 1997 , based on fossil remains found in Miocene terrains of Colombia ; the type species is Neoglyptatelus originalis . Two other species , N. sincelejanus from the Middle-Late Miocene of Colombia , and N. uruguayensis , from the Late Miocene of Uruguay , have been attributed to the genus . Neoglyptatelus is an enigmatic member of the order Cingulata ; at the time of its discovery it was considered a basal member of the subfamily Glyptodontinae , related to archaic forms such as Glyptatelus and surviving in remote areas of northern South America in isolation . Subsequent studies indicate that this animal , like its more recent relative Pachyarmatherium , was a member of the clade known as Pachyarmatheriidae , potentially and at least morphologically intermediate between `` true '' armadillos and glyptodonts .
Paleobiogeography
The peculiar geographical distribution of Neoglyptatelus and Pachyarmatherium led researchers to suppose that these animals , originating in South America during the Oligocene or the Early Miocene , migrated to North America during the Great American Faunal Interchange , during the Pliocene .
Paleobiology
Neoglyptatelus , with its long and narrow skull devoid of teeth , probably was an insectivorous animal . It probably fed on ants , like the extant nine-banded armadillo , which has a quite similar skull .
Bibliography
Carlini , A . A. , Vizcaíno , S. F. & Scillato-Yané , G. J . 1997 . Armored Xenarthrans : a unique taxonomic and ecologic assemblage . In Kay , R. F. , Madden , R. H. , Cifelli , R. L. & Flynn , J. J . ( Edits. ) . Vertebrate Paleontology in the Neotropics . The Miocene Fauna of La Venta , Colombia . Smithsonian Institution Press . Pp . 213–226 .
Villarroel A. , C. & J. Clavijo . Los mamíferos fósiles y las edades de las sedimentitas continentales del Neógeno de la Costa Caribe Colombiana . Revista de la Academia Colombiana de Ciencias . 29 ( 112 ) : 345-356 . 2005 .
Fernicola , J. C. ; Rinderknecht , A. ; Jones , W. ; Vizcaíno , S. F. ; Porpino , K. ( 2018 ) . `` A New Species of Neoglyptatelus ( Mammalia , Xenarthra , Cingulata ) from the Late Miocene of Uruguay Provides New Insights on the Evolution of the Dorsal Armor in Cingulates '' . Ameghiniana . 55 ( 3 ) : 233–252 . doi:10.5710/AMGH.02.12.2017.3150 .
Prehistoric cingulates
Prehistoric placental genera
Miocene xenarthrans
Miocene genus first appearances
Miocene mammals of South America
Miocene genus extinctions
Neogene Colombia
Fossils of Colombia
Neogene Peru
Fossils of Peru
Neogene Brazil
Fossils of Brazil
Neogene Uruguay
Fossils of Uruguay
Fossil taxa described in 1997
Karşıyaka , Çubuk is a village in the District of Çubuk , Ankara Province , Turkey .
References
Villages in Çubuk District
Beth Solomon ( born October 29 , 1952 ) is an American professional golfer who played on the LPGA Tour .
Solomon won once on the LPGA Tour in 1981 .
Professional wins
LPGA Tour wins ( 1 )
LPGA Tour playoff record ( 1–0 )
References
External links
Beth Solomon Legends Tour profile
American female golfers
Furman Paladins women 's golfers
LPGA Tour golfers
Golfers from Indiana
People from Henry County , Indiana
1952 births
Living people
Maurice Sumray ( 1920-2004 ) was an English artist and engraver , based in St Ives , Cornwall . Sumray was described by Wyndham Lewis in The Listener as one of the `` best artists in England '' .
Major retrospective exhibitions of his work were displayed at the Penwith Gallery , St Ives in 1984 , and the Falmouth Art Gallery in 1997 ,
References
1920 births
2004 deaths
20th-century English painters
English male painters
21st-century English painters
St Ives artists
Painters from London
20th-century English male artists
21st-century English male artists
Ximena Herrera ( born Carla Ximena Herrera Bowles on October 5 , 1979 in La Paz , Bolivia ) is a Mexican actress .
She has acted in telenovelas such as La madrastra and Corazones al límite . She was married to Alex Sirvent but they divorced in December 2013 .
Filmography
Awards and nominations
References
External links
Ximena Herrera at the esmas
1979 births
Living people
Mexican telenovela actresses
Mexican film actresses
Bolivian film actresses
Bolivian telenovela actresses
21st-century Mexican actresses
Naturalized citizens of Mexico
Bolivian emigrants to Mexico
People from La Paz
Angela M. Brown ( born 1963 ) is an American dramatic soprano particularly admired for her portrayal of Verdi heroines .
Early life and education
Angela Brown was born in 1963 in Indianapolis , Indiana . She is African-American . Her mother , Freddie Mae Brown , was a painter , and her father , Walter Clyde Brown , was an autoworker at a Chrysler plant in Indianapolis for 41 years . Along with older brother George and younger brother Aaron , Brown was raised in a deeply spiritual Baptist household . Her grandfather was a Baptist minister in the city and Brown started singing at his church when she was 5 years old . Brown credits her musical experiences at church as instilling in her a love for singing .
As a teenager , Brown started performing in soul music bands around Indianapolis and was highly active in the vocal music program at Crispus Attucks High School . Her high school choir director , Robert Fleck , taught Brown her first classical arias and entered her in several local music competitions , all of which Brown won . Brown also participated in her high school 's musicals , playing Adelaide in Guys and Dolls among other roles .
After high school , Brown attended a community college in Indianapolis part-time while working a day job as a dietary aide at Methodist Hospital . She also acted in several musicals at the pro-am Civic Theater where she got to work with several notable performers including Ginger Rogers . Brown also worked as a singing waitress for a time .
The death of her younger brother led Brown , then 20 , to re-examine her faith and join the Seventh-day Adventist Church with intent to become a singing evangelist . To that end , in the fall of 1986 , at the age of 21 , Brown enrolled at Oakwood College planning to major in biblical studies with a minor in music . Brown subsequently changed her major to music , however , after her voice teacher , Ginger Beazley , convinced her to pursue opera singing instead . Brown received a bachelor 's degree in the Spring of 1991 .
From 1992 to 1997 , Brown continued her studies at the Jacobs School of Music at Indiana University with noted voice teacher Virginia Zeani . Brown had worked frequently with Zeani while at Oakwood College , as Ginger Beazley took Brown and her other students up to IU to participate in Zeani 's master classes .
While in graduate school , Brown began competing in several notable music competitions . In 1994 Brown tried out for the National Council Auditions of New York 's Metropolitan Opera . She made it as far as the regional finals but proceeded no further . She tried out two more years in a row , only to be stopped twice more at the regional level . She tried one last time in 1997 . `` I had nothing to lose , '' she told The New York Times . Instead , she won everything - not only the regionals , but the semi-finals and then the finals . The win bought her entry into the world of professional opera .
Brown has since gone on to win the 2000 Richard Tucker Career Grant , a 1998 Sullivan Foundation Grant , the 1998 G.B . Viotti Verdi Vocal Competition , and the 1998 Opera Carolina Competition .
Career
In 1997 , Brown moved to New York City and began performing in a steady stream of small roles with larger opera companies and larger roles with smaller opera companies over the next several years . She also appeared in concerts with good regional orchestras and gave many recitals .
In the 2000–2001 season , Brown performed with the San Antonio Symphony , Teatro La Fenice , as Serena in Porgy and Bess with Opera Company of Philadelphia , and gave several recitals . She also began working for the Metropolitan Opera as a cover artist for the title roles of Verdi 's Aida and Strauss ' Ariadne auf Naxos . This was followed by cover work for the company for the next three seasons .
In the 2001–2002 season , Brown appeared as the Fourth Maid in Cincinnati Opera 's production of Strauss ' Elektra .
In the 2002–2003 season , Brown performed at the Kimmel Center with the Philadelphia Orchestra for the September 11 Memorial Concert , return trips to the Metropolitan Opera to cover the roles of Aida and Ariadne , covering Leonora in Il Trovatore for San Francisco Opera , performances of Richard Strauss ' Four Last Songs with the El Paso Symphony and Muncie Symphony Orchestras , and Beethoven 's Ninth Symphony with Roanoke Symphony Orchestra .
In the 2003-2004 season , Brown performed the roles of Elisabetta in Verdi 's Don Carlo and Leonora in Verdi 's Il Trovatore for the Opera Company of Philadelphia , the title role in Verdi 's Aida for Shaker Mountain Opera , and the role of Cassandra in Taneyev 's Agamemnon with the Manhattan Philharmonic and the Aquila Theater Company which toured Poland and was performed at her Carnegie Hall debut . She also performed a concert of Strauss and Wagner arias with the Auckland Philharmonia , was a soloist in Verdi 's Requiem with the Louisville Orchestra , and a soloist with the Gibraltar Philharmonic . In addition , Brown made an unexpected appearance with the Opera Company of Philadelphia when she filled in at the last minute in the title role of Strauss ' Ariadne auf Naxos . Brown also filled in for an ailing singer for an orchestra rehearsal of Aida at the Metropolitan Opera . The company was so impressed with her work that they immediately called Brown 's agent and booked her for two performances of Aida and 12 cover performances for the next season .
In the 2004-2005 season , Brown made her critically acclaimed debut at the Metropolitan Opera in the title role of Verdi 's Aida . Her performance was so well received that an article about her appeared on the front page of The New York Times on November 8 , 2004 . Originally she was not scheduled that night to sing , as she had already sung two performances in the scheduled run of Aida and covering the role for the remainder of the run , but she was called to replace the ailing lead that night . Opera News called her performance that of `` one of America 's most promising Verdi sopranos '' . In addition , Brown sang the role of Aida for Opera Company of Philadelphia and followed that with the world premiere of Margaret Garner , a new opera by Richard Danielpour and Toni Morrison , in the role of Cilla for Michigan Opera Theatre and Cincinnati Opera . She also appeared as a guest soloist in a concert of opera arias for Auckland Philharmonia ( New Zealand ) and Dayton Opera .
In the 2005–2006 season , Brown performed the role of Amelia in Verdi 's Un Ballo in Maschera and the role of Cilla in Margaret Garner for the Detroit Opera and Opera Company of Philadelphia , the title role in Verdi 's Aida for Opera Pacific and Florentine Opera , Verdi 's Requiem for the Festival of Saint Denis in France , concerts with the Indianapolis Symphony and Brevard Festival Orchestra , and recitals throughout the United States .
In the 2006–2007 season , Brown made her debut with Opéra National de Paris as Amelia in Verdi 's Un Ballo in Maschera , sang the title role of Verdi 's Aida with Florida Grand Opera for the opening the new Carnival Performing Arts Center , and sang the role of Bess in Gershwin 's Porgy and Bess for both Opera Pacific to open the new Orange County Performing Arts Center and the Opera Company of Philadelphia to mark the 150th Anniversary of the Academy of Music .
In the 2007–2008 season , Brown sang the title role of Aida and the role of Amelia in Verdi 's Un Ballo in Maschera at the Metropolitan Opera . She was also chosen by The Library of Congress as the featured soloist for the 2008-2009 National Celebration of the Bicentennial of Abraham Lincoln in February . In addition , Brown sang in concert at Dayton Opera , performed with the Indianapolis Symphony , sang Aida with Opera de la ABAO , the title role in Puccini 's Tosca with Florida Grand Opera , and gave her first appearance in the role of Leonora in a concert version of La Forza del Destino with James Conlon for the Cincinnati May Festival . This summer Brown will perform Verdi 's Requiem with the National Symphony of Spain in Madrid , give a concert of sacred repertoire at St. Patrick 's Cathedral in Auckland , New Zealand , and will be the featured performer at the NAACP 's national conference in July 2008 .
In the 2008–2009 season , Brown sang Aida for Cape Town Opera in South Africa and for the Latvian National Symphony in Riga . She celebrated Christmas with the Alabama Symphony Orchestra in Alabama and the Southwest Michigan Symphony . In addition , she sang Aida at her debut with the Deutsche Oper Berlin , Leonora in Il Trovatore for her debut with Atlanta Opera , Amelia in Un Ballo in Maschera for National Opera of Paris , and Elisabetta in Don Carlo for Cincinnati Opera , and performed Verdi 's Requiem in Barcelona .
Brown has also performed roles with the Indianapolis Opera .
She has performed in concert with the San Antonio Symphony , Tulsa Philharmonic , Indianapolis Symphony , Cincinnati Pops , Brevard Festival Orchestra , Knoxville Symphony , Long Island Philharmonic , Asheville Lyric Opera 's 10th Anniversary GalaHendersonville Symphony , Chautauqua Institution , the Kennedy Center 's 25th Anniversary Celebration , Chicago Sinfonietta , The Joy of Music Television Series and tours throughout the United States , Canada , New Zealand , Italy , and Africa .
She has given recitals in such places as Alice Tully Hall and Carnegie Hall .
Educator and humanitarian
Angela M. Brown has been a spokesperson for the United Negro College Fund and uses her voice to bring awareness of opera to minority audiences , communities and diverse young audiences . Since 2002 , she has frequently given free concerts entitled Opera ... from A Sistah 's Point of View with fellow opera singer Kishna Davis to help everyday people connect with opera .
Discography
2014 This Christmas - recording of Christmas selections produced by Roger Ryan and Aftertouch Music
2010 Opera ... from a Sistah 's Point of View - live recording of arias , art songs and spiritual from the Musical Arts Center of Indiana University on the IMI label
2004 Mosaic - recording of African-American spirituals with pianist Joseph Joubert on the Albany Records label ( www.albanyrecords.com )
1997 recording and performances with the Cincinnati Pops Orchestra - Erich Kunzel , conductor ( Serena selections from Porgy and Bess and world-premier recording of `` Lonely Boy '' from the original score ) release TelArc May 1998
1997 Guest Artist on The Joy of Music Television Series - on location in Heidelberg , Germany
1997 Guest Artist on the Hour of Power International Television Program ( Crystal Cathedral , California )
1995 solo compact disc recording with Charles Webb pianist and dean emeritus of Indiana University School of Music
References
External links
JEJ Artists Official Site
Angela M. Brown Official Site
`` For a Fill-in-Aida , A Triumph Long in Coming '' , The New York Times '' , November 8 , 2004 .
Article : A `` Sistah 's '' Guide to Opera ''
1963 births
Living people
American operatic sopranos
Singers from New York City
Musicians from Indianapolis
21st-century African-American women singers
21st-century American women opera singers
20th-century African-American women singers
20th-century American women opera singers
African-American women opera singers
Oakwood University alumni
Jacobs School of Music alumni
Winners of the Metropolitan Opera National Council Auditions
Classical musicians from New York ( state )
Singers from Indiana
Classical musicians from Indiana
David Ross Cohen is a Canadian-born musician and producer based out of Nashville , Tennessee . Cohen is a keyboardist who has recorded with Florida Georgia Line , Carrie Underwood , Kid Rock , Steven Tyler , and Reba McEntire . Throughout his career , he has accumulated several awards including Academy of Country Music Keyboard Player of the Year 2017 2019 & 2021 and Music Row All-Star Keyboards Player in 2018 & 2020 . Over the course of his tenure in Nashville , Cohen has played on more than sixty # 1 songs .
Also making a name for himself as a producer , Cohen has produced 8 # 1 's for the likes of Jake Owen , Dallas Smith , and Chris Lane .
Early life and career
Cohen was born August 30 , 1985 in Toronto , Ontario , and moved to Calgary , Alberta at age 5 . It was when he moved to Calgary that he began classical piano lessons . He attended Henry Wise Wood Senior High School in Calgary and later attended Humber College in Toronto where he focused on jazz performance , specifically jazz piano . Cohen began his career in Canada touring with stars Johnny Reid and Amanda Marshall . He was nominated twice for Keyboard Player of the Year at the Canadian Country Music Awards .
Current career
Cohen moved to Nashville in April 2007 and has since amassed a number of notable credits . He began his time in Nashville touring with the likes of Joe Nichols , Big & Rich , and Wynonna Judd before making the shift to session work as a studio musician in 2012 . Cohen has worked in the studio with a wide range of artists from Rascal Flatts to Ed Sheeran . Some of the most prominent country music artists he has worked with include Florida Georgia Line , Carrie Underwood , Old Dominion , Brett Eldredge , Chris Young , Walker Hayes , Jon Pardi , Cole Swindell , Josh Turner , Reba McEntire , Brooks and Dunn , and Kip Moore . In addition to working with these esteemed artists , Cohen has also collaborated with top notch producers like Joey Moi , Dann Huff , Tony Brown , Byron Gallimore , and Shane McAnally .
While making a name for himself as a successful studio musician , Cohen has also recently been working as a producer . Cohen has produced Australian artist Mick Lindsay and teamed up with fellow producer Joey Moi to co-produce Chris Lane 's “ Laps Around the Sun . ''
Cohen has worked on music from a number of genres including Country , Hip-Hop , Christian , and Rock . Cohen recently worked on Reba McEntire 's “ Sing it Now : Songs of Faith & Hope , ” which won Best Roots Gospel Album at the 2018 GRAMMY Awards .
Discography
References
1985 births
Living people
Canadian keyboardists
Canadian songwriters
Canadian Country Music Award winners
Bohodou is a town in the Kankan Region of Guinea .
Uranium mining has yet to take place in Guinea but is currently being explored as a natural resource .
Notes
Populated places in the Kankan Region
John Rodney McRae ( November 20 , 1934 – June 28 , 2005 ) was an American murderer and suspected serial killer . A psychopath with sadistic tendencies , McRae was officially convicted of two sexually-motivated murders of young boys , one committed at age 15 , but is the prime suspect in at least three more . He never admitted his guilt , and died in prison while serving a life sentence .
Early life
John Rodney McRae was born on November 20 , 1934 in the small town of Belleville , Michigan to John Alexander and Josephine Smith McRae , who also had a younger daughter . In the early 1940s , the family left Michigan and moved to Fort Wayne , Indiana , where McRae attended a military school for some time , before they eventually returned to Michigan in 1946 . There , the elder McRae found lodging in suburban St. Clair Shores , where the family earned a positive reputation for leading law-abiding , honest lives . McRae went to the Lakeview High School , where he mainly engaged in sports and was on the football team , but by this time , he also started to engage in small-time crime . In 1948 , McRae and a friend ran away from home , for which missing persons reports were filed , only to later be found in an auto repair shop in Fort Wayne , Indiana , where McRae had been working as a day laborer . By the age of 15 , he was 5 ' 2 '' and weighed 90 pounds , but was unpopular in school and the neighborhood because of his aggressive and disruptive behavior towards other children and students . As a result , McRae was frequently disciplined by the school administration , and earned a reputation as a bully .
During this period , he also stole money from his parents and other people 's property such as cars and boats , and even more disturbingly , he dissected a dog near the family home . McRae also began to exhibit signs of an apparent sexual disorder , as he started assaulting and sexually harassing children of both sexes who were significantly younger than him .
Murder of Joseph Housey
In early September 1950 , 8-year-old Joseph `` Joey '' Housey , Jr. went missing from St. Clair Shores . A search operation was organized by police and local residents , who found the boy 's mutilated body in a lovers ' lane only two blocks away from his house on September 23 . Housey 's jugular vein and carotid artery , as well as blood vessels on both wrists , had been slashed with a dull paring knife , after which he had been hit on the head several times with a rock . The body had then been buried in a shallow grave with a small concrete slab , which had been washed away by rain over the following days , allowing the grave to be located . A forensic autopsy concluded that Housey had been sexually abused .
McRae lived near the Houseys and was among the volunteers who assisted the police in the search . Like most local teenagers , he was interrogated by the officers as part of procedure , but quickly became a suspect after he alleged that he `` accidentally '' discovered the location of a beam headlight Housey had been playing with the day he disappeared . McRae was unable to provide an alibi as to his whereabouts on the day of the disappearance , after which law enforcement officers showed up at his home with an offer that he undergo a polygraph test . However , McRae had fled the day before , leaving behind a note addressed to his mother which read `` '' I want you to know I hart nothing to do with the Housey boy . I love you and I 've caused you too much trouble . ''
During a search of the house , the officers found a razor stained with dried blood amongst McRae 's belongings , which was seized for forensic examination . He was considered missing for a few days before being located in the Canadian city of Sarnia , where his uncle resided . McRae was returned to St. Clair Shores ' police station , where he confessed to killing Housey during interrogations on October 1 , 1950 . However , he refused to admit to raping the victim and was unwilling to explain his motive for the murder , claiming that it had occurred to him in a dream . McRae also stated that shortly before he escaped , he had confessed the killing to his mother and father , who later confirmed this claim . His father later told the policemen that after his son had informed him of the deed , he said the following to him : `` If you did do it , you better go out to the lake and start swimming . Its better that way . Remember son , I 'm only asking you to swim if you are guilty . '' According to McRae 's father 's testimony , after a brief conversation with his son , he shook his hand , asked him to write a letter after his arrival in Canada , and walked him to the coast . McRae later testified that he managed to swim some distance from shore , but was soon forced to turn back due to fatigue , after which he stole a neighbor 's motorboat and fled to Sarnia .
In the months that followed , McRae recanted his testimony and declared himself insane . At the request of his attorney , a psychiatric exam was conducted in late October of that year , which found him to be completely sane and aware of his actions . On February 21 , 1951 , by a jury verdict , McRae was found guilty of killing Joseph Housey , and on February 29 , the court imposed a sentence of life imprisonment without parole . During his sentencing , McRae remained calm and showed little to no emotion , and later refused to say anything to the court when the judge asked him . Later on , when reporters asked him for comments , he simply said : `` I 'm disgusted , that 's all . ''
Commutation , release and suspected murders
Following his conviction , McRae was transferred to the Michigan Reformatory in Ionia , where he learned the trade of an auto mechanic and underwent several sex offender rehabilitation programs . During his incarceration , he never exhibited violent tendencies , was never disciplined and was considered a model prisoner . In 1971 , after a series of decisions by the Supreme Court questioned the imposition of the death penalty and life without parole on juvenile offenders , Governor William Milliken commuted McRae 's sentence to life imprisonment with a chance of parole by executive order . McRae was paroled from prison on February 2 , 1972 , after spending 21 years behind bars . He then returned to Detroit , where , with the support of his parents , he soon found housing and work . In 1973 , he married Barbara Ann Heckman , who gave birth to his son Martin in 1974 . The following year , McRae was finally allowed to leave Michigan , moving to Brevard County , Florida to work as a guard at a juvenile detention facility . One theory purports that McRae provided fake documents that concealed his criminal record upon entering the institution .
For the remainder of his stay in Florida , McRae came under police suspicion several times in connection with the disappearances of local children . On April 28 , 1977 , 13-year-old Keith Fleming vanished from Cocoa Beach after last being seen on the highway near a beach , just a few hundred yards from McRae 's house . According to investigators , Fleming , who was trying to hitchhike his way back home , voluntarily got into McRae 's car and was promptly killed . While McRae was questioned regarding the case , he was never arrested as no direct evidence indicated his responsibility . Fleming 's whereabouts , or possibly those of his body , remain unknown .
Two years later , McRae came under police scrutiny again after 12-year-old Kipling Randolph Hess III disappeared . Hess was last seen alive on March 27 , 1979 , walking on his way to school in the Merritt Island area . However , he never showed up to class that day , and was declared missing . Upon leaving home , the boy left a note addressed to his parents that read `` Goodbye , Mom and Dad . '' During the investigation , McRae became the main and only suspect in his disappearance , as it was determined that he and his son Martin had met Hess at a Catholic church carnival a few days prior to his disappearance . As in the Housey case , McRae joined the volunteer searches and assisted police in the search right up to the time he beceme a suspect . After the search ended , McRae was questioned while his apartment and the interior of his car were searched . Despite this , no evidence implicating him in Hess ' disappearance was uncovered , and Hess remains missing . The investigators think that he was murdered , but his body has never been found .
On December 12 , 1979 , there was an escape from the Brevard Correctional Institution in Sharpes , where McRae worked . It was orchestrated by a 20-year-old inmate named Charles Edward Collingwood , who was serving a 4-year sentence for stealing an automobile , but due to his immaculate prison record , he was put in the minimum security section . On the afternoon of December 12 , Collingwood was doing landscaping work outside the facility with minimal security personnel , using his chance to escape . While investigating the incident , circumstantial evidence established that McRae might have been involved in the escape , as a number of informants told the prison authorities that McRae had been sexually harassing Collingwood for several months , after which Collingwood started blackmailing and threatening to expose him . McRae himself denied having any inappropriate relations with the prisoner since , according to his testimony , Collingwood himself had been an informant and had given him information about other prisoners ' activities . The subsequent search for Collingwood proved unsuccessful , and he was never found . The investigators suspected that Collingwood was murdered by McRae once he was outside , but ultimately , no charges were filed against him due to lack of evidence .
In 1980 , McRae was forced to resign from his job , after which he left Florida and returned to Michigan , settling in Clare County , where he purchased a trailer and set it up on a leased piece of land .
Murder of Randy Laufer and capture
In September 1987 , McRae came under police attention yet again , this time concerning the disappearance of 15-year-old Randy Laufer on September 15 . The teenager was a close friend of Martin McRae , his son , went to the same school as him , knew McRae himself and had even visited his trailer a few times . McRae was questioned , but at the time , no evidence implicating him was found . Months after Laufer vanished , McRae and his family left Michigan and moved to Mesa , Arizona .
In August 1997 , Clinton Goodenow , a hired hand who was digging a hole to get rid of junk on McRae 's property , found the skeletal remains of what appeared to be a young boy . The skeleton was sent to the county coroner , who soon identified it as belonging to Randy Laufer . Based on the chipped bones on the spine , neck and pelvis , the examiner stated that the victim had been tortured before his death and had been repeatedly stabbed with a knife in various places . Using the bones as evidence , the 63-year-old McRae was arrested together with his son in Mesa on October 15 , but Martin was subsequently released .
Trial and imprisonment
McRae 's trial began in September 1998 . Since there was no upfront evidence to incriminate him in Laufer 's murder , prosecutors used evidence from the Housey trial , arguing that both cases showed a similar modus operandi . In both cases , McRae was the last person seen with the victim and was involved in the searches , while both victims had numerous cuts on their bodies and were found buried near McRae 's home .
McRae was eventually convicted of killing Laufer in December 1998 , and was sentenced to life imprisonment without parole . After his conviction , his attorneys appealed the decision on the grounds that McRae had been provided ineffective assistance counsel , which the court granted . In the meantime , Martin McRae was convicted for molesting his daughter in Nevada , for which he was given a 10-years-to-life sentence .
In 2004 , McRae 's conviction was overturned and he was given a new trial , which began on May 3 , 2005 . Again , he was found guilty , and was re-sentenced to life imprisonment without parole .
Death
In the early 2000s , McRae began having health problems , eventually being diagnosed with a stomach ulcer . On June 28 , 2005 , just thirteen days after the conclusion of his retrial , he died from complications relating to his ailment at the Southern Michigan Correctional Facility in Jackson .
See also
List of homicides in Michigan
List of the youngest killers
External links
FindAGrave
People v. John Rodney McRae
Keith Fleming on The Charley Project
Kipling Hess on The Charley Project
Charles Collingwood on The Charley Project
References
1934 births
2005 deaths
20th-century American criminals
American male criminals
American murderers of children
American rapists
Suspected serial killers
American people convicted of murder
People convicted of murder by Michigan
Minors convicted of murder
American prisoners sentenced to life imprisonment
Prisoners sentenced to life imprisonment by Michigan
Prisoners who died in Michigan detention
Pedophilia in the United States
Criminals from Michigan
LGBT people from Michigan
People from Belleville , Michigan
Incidents of violence against boys
Mike van Erp , also known as CyclingMikey , is a Dutch YouTuber who mainly films drivers in London breaking minor traffic laws and reports them to the police , as well as uploading other videos where he attempts to help the Metropolitan police apprehend suspected criminals while on his bicycle .
Content
A regular location for his videos is a corner beside Regent 's Park where CyclingMikey has filmed and stopped many drivers from passing by the wrong side of a traffic island in order to cut the corner .
In November 2019 , he filmed Guy Ritchie using a mobile phone while driving . Ritchie was subsequently prosecuted and banned from driving for six months . In 2021 , he filmed Chris Eubank driving through a red light , an offence Eubank was subsequently prosecuted for . In April 2021 , he allegedly filmed Frank Lampard using a mobile phone and holding a hot drink while driving , but the prosecution was later dropped , due to insufficient evidence , after Mr Lampard hired top lawyer Nick Freeman to deal with the case .
Personal life
Van Erp is a Dutch national but grew up in Zimbabwe . When van Erp was 19 , his father , while riding a motorbike , was killed by a drunk driver . Van Erp moved to the UK in 1998 to pursue a career in IT . He is now a professional carer . He has also worked as a roller skating instructor .
References
Dutch YouTubers
Male YouTubers
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
Dutch emigrants to England
Another Perfect Day may refer to :
Another Perfect Day , 1983 album by Motörhead
`` Another Perfect Day '' ( song ) , the single from American Hi-Fi 's self-titled debut album
`` Another Perfect Day '' ( song ) , is a song performed by Boom Boom Satellites and written by Kawashima and Masayuki Nakano Michiyuki for the end credits of Starship Troopers : Invasion .
`` Another Perfect Day '' , a single from the country music duo Blake & Brian
`` Another Perfect Day '' , a single from the Boom Boom Satellites album Embrace
`` Another Perfect Day ? `` , a single from the Electric Wizard album We Live
Jan Gerrit van Gelder ( Alkmaar , 27 February 1903 – Utrecht , 9 December 1980 ) was a Dutch art historian .
Life and work
Van Gelder was the son of the archivist and museum director , Hendrik Enno van Gelder . He grew up in The Hague . In 1923 , he began studying art history at the University of Utrecht . In 1924 he was appointed by the Museum Boijmans Van Beuningen in Rotterdam , where he worked as an assistant and later than curator in the print room and the library . In 1933 , he completed his Ph.D. dissertation under Willem Vogelsang on Jan van de Velde . In 1936 , he was appointed lecturer in art history at Leiden University and in 1940 acting director of the Netherlands Institute for Art History in The Hague . From 1945 on , Van Gelder was director of the Mauritshuis . In the same year , he succeeded Hans Schneider as director of Netherlands Institute for Art History . In 1946 he was appointed professor of art history at the University of Utrecht .
In 1947 , he created the art historical magazine , Nederlands Kunsthistorisch Jaarboek , and in 1966 , Simiolus . He was also an active member of the editorial board of Oud Holland and a regular contributor to The Burlington Magazine and many other art historical journals .
In 1951 he became a member of the Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences . He was also a member of the Fondation Custodia and the Institut Néerlandais , both in Paris , and the Istituto Universitario Olandese di Storia dell'Arte in Florence .
Employing a social history approach in his research , Van Gelder wrote about Rembrandt , Peter Paul Rubens , Anthony van Dyck , Adam Elsheimer , Aelbert Cuyp , Jan van Scorel , Jan Vermeer , Vincent van Gogh and ( with his wife Ingrid Jost ) Jan de Bisschop .
Select publications
Jan van de Velde , 1593-1641 , teekenaar-schilder . The Hague 1933 .
Kunstgeschiedenis en Kunst , The Hague , 1946 .
Vincent van Gogh : the Potato Eaters , in the Collection of V. W. Van Gogh , Amsterdam . London 1947 .
Prenten en tekeningen . Amsterdam 1958 .
( with J . A. Emmens ) , De schilderkunst van Jan Vermeer : een voordracht . Utrecht 1958 .
Dutch Drawings and Prints . New York 1959 .
( with Ingrid Jost ) , Jan de Bisschop and his Icones & Paradigmata . Classical Antiquities and Italian Drawings for Artistic Instruction in Seventeenth Century Holland . Edited by Keith Andrews . Doornspijk 1985 .
References
Further reading
Chris Stolwijk , Die wetenschap noemen Gij en ik kunstgeschiedenis ... Denken over kunstgeschiedenis in Nederland : J.G . van Gelder ( 1903-1980 ) . Steenwijk 1991 .
Josua Bruyn , `` J. G. van Gelder '' . The Burlington Magazine 123 ( 1981 ) , pp.236-239 .
Eddy de Jongh , `` In memoriam J. G. van Gelder , February 27 , 1903 - December 9 , 1980 '' . Simiolus '' , 11 ( 1980 ) , pp . 119–124 .
External links
R.E.O . Ekkart , `` Gelder , Jan Gerrit van ( 1903-1980 ) '' , in Biografisch Woordenboek van Nederland 3 ( 1989 ) , pp.187-188 .
Dictionary of Art Historians : van Gelder , J ( an ) G ( errit ) .
Jan Gerrit van Gelder papers Getty Research Institute , Los Angeles , Accession No . 840021 . The archive consists of correspondence , notes , photographs , offprints , and annotated books and journals ,
Dutch art historians
1903 births
1980 deaths
People from Alkmaar
Members of the Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences
Akçaalan is a village in the District of Finike , Antalya Province , Turkey .
References
Villages in Finike District
Kızılgüney , Gazipaşa is a village in the District of Gazipaşa , Antalya Province , Turkey .
References
Villages in Gazipaşa District
The Southern Oklahoma Cosmic Trigger Contest is a soundtrack by The Flaming Lips to the Bradley Beesley fishing documentary Okie Noodling , featuring three country-tinged songs not found elsewhere , two of which are instrumentals .
It was distributed as a promotional CD at early screenings of the film .
The first track has the following spoken introduction : `` when Bradley first told me , I guess maybe a year and a half ago , about making this little movie about okie noodling , I 'd really never heard of the term noodling before and for some reason I immediately imagined it was about , of all things , masturbation . I guess it sort of ... Oh , it sounded sort of funny and perverted and that 's just what I thought . And even though Bradley continued sort of talking , telling about his idea , all this stuff kind of happening in a , you know , a couple of seconds , my mind was still building up this bizarre masturbation story and so by now I was thinking that he was going to make a movie about this cult of teenagers living in Southern Oklahoma who have these , you know , bizarre masturbation contests and I was thinking what a crazy movie that would be ... But anyway , I eventually snapped out of my daydreaming and quickly realized he was talking about a weird kind of fishing where guys use their hands instead of rods and hooks . And though it was n't as interesting as what I was imagining , it seemed at least absurd and I figured if Bradley was doing it is would entertain just the same . So when he eventually asked me to contribute to music for his movie , I agreed with him that it should have a kind of playful , adult , country feel to it , not too hillbilly and not too swampy , and his examples that he leans towards were sort of classic Glen Campbell stuff , which , you know , is great stuff . And , as we got towards finishing up the music and he got finished making up his movie , he was still wishing for something from us that I was singing on , because up until then it was all just music and sound-oriented compositions and I told him that I would try to come up with something . And though I tried , I could n't connect this fishing thing with the bigger , sort of cosmic theme without sounding like some , you know , kind of back-to-nature zen bullshit and I did n't want this . I wanted , you know , something that was playful and absurd , and then I was kind of reminded of this , you know , my initial imaginings of the cult of masturbating teenagers and , within moments , I had the basic song sort of done . And though it does n't really mention fishing anywhere in it , the theme of entertaining yourself with your hands was my ridiculous way of connecting them '' .
Track listing
Footnotes and references
External links
Official Okie Noodling film site
2001 EPs
The Flaming Lips EPs
Erythrina zeyheri , commonly known as the ploughbreaker , is a deciduous , geoxylic subshrub and member of the Fabaceae , which is endemic to southern Africa . It grows no more than 60 cm tall and occurs naturally in the higher altitude grasslands of South Africa 's central plateau , and that of adjacent Lesotho . They favour deep clay soil in the vicinity of creeks and marshes , and often form colonies . Its specific name commemorates the 19th century botanist , Karl Zeyher .
Description
It is a geoxylic plant , sometimes called an `` underground tree '' , that produces annual stems , some 50 to 60 cm long . It has glabrous , leathery , trifoliolate leaves with large leaflets . The rachis and main leaf venation , which are prominently raised below , are armed with recurved spines on both leaf surfaces . The petioles and stems are likewise armed to discourage browsers . The shoots and leaves are deciduous , dying away during harsh highveld winters , when the plant survives as an extensive woody , tuberous rootstock .
The upright inflorescences appear in summer , with the leaves , from October to January . The drooping scarlet , or rarely white flowers , are capped by a red calyx . Their fruit are smooth black pods when mature , each containing a few large ( 1.0 to 1.7 cm long ) seeds . These are hard and orange-red in colour .
Foodplant
It is a foodplant for the moth Terastia margaritis .
Gallery
References
External links
Colony of Erythrina zeyheri after a grass-fire , Operation wildflower
Geoxyles
zeyheri
Flora of South Africa
Australian Aboriginal elders are highly respected people within Australia and their respective Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander communities . An Elder has been defined as `` someone who has gained recognition as a custodian of knowledge and lore , and who has permission to disclose knowledge and beliefs '' . They may be male or female , and of any age , but must be trusted and respected by their community for their wisdom , cultural knowledge and community service . Elders provide support for their communities in the form of guidance , counselling and knowledge , which help tackle problems of health , education , unemployment and racism , particularly for younger people . They may be distinguished as one of two types : Community Elders and Traditional Elders . Elders play an important role in maintenance of culture , songs , oral histories , sacred stories , Aboriginal Australian languages , and dance , and are also educators who demonstrate leadership and skills in resolving conflicts . Elders also preside over ceremonies and other spiritual practices , and attend to the health and well-being of young people .
Elders are sometimes addressed as Uncle or Aunty as a mark of respect , but only when given permission to do so , such as Uncle Jack Charles .
Self-determination advocacy organisation the Aboriginal Provisional Government was initially headed by a `` Council of Elders '' in accordance with the `` traditions and beliefs of Aboriginal groups nationwide '' .
The Dreaming Path , a book written by the first Aboriginal CEO of an Australian TAFE , Paul Callaghan , in collaboration with Ngemba Elder Uncle Paul Gordon , describes the important role played by Elders in Aboriginal society . Some organisations have created formal `` Elder-in-Residence '' programs , such as the University of South Australia 's Elders on Campus project , which helps to support Indigenous students .
The role of Aboriginal Elders has also been the subject of academic research .
See also
American Indian elder
Australian Aboriginal culture
Australian Aboriginal customary law
Elder ( administrative title )
Indigenous Australian self-determination
References
Australian Aboriginal culture
Titles of national or ethnic leadership
In accordance with the ( 16 May 2007 ) the United Nations General Assembly proclamation of the International Year of Languages in 2008 , the Arabic Language International Council was established by the Arab universities association . The organization was formed within the framework of the UN 's effort to promote Unity in diversity , and also in recognition of the UN 's push for multilingualism as a means of promoting , protecting and preserving the diversity of languages and cultures globally , particularly in the paramount importance attributed to the quality of the organization 's six official languages ( Arabic , Chinese , English , French , Russian , and Spanish ) .
The founding of Arabic Language International Council was participated in by more than 160 university rectors and presidents in a series of 41 conferences which took place in Riyadh in 14–16 April 2008 .
At the same time , the council is supported and encouraged by the ministers of education in most of the Arab countries , the Secretary Generals of the Arab League , Organisation of the Islamic Conference , Muslim World League , the Arab Gulf States Cooperation Council , the Arab Maghreb Union , and the Arab Economic Unity Council . This is in addition to the support and approval of the General Directors of UNESCO , ISESCO , ALECSO , and the Arab Bureau of Education for the Gulf States . Also , strong support came from universities rectors , presidents and the secretary generals of the Arab college 's associations in Arab universities including colleges and institutes of education , colleges of science , colleges of law , colleges of pharmacy , colleges of engineering , colleges of computing and information , colleges of art , colleges of medicine , colleges of dentists medicine , colleges of science and information technology , colleges of administration sciences .
Initiatives
Since its founding , the council has been very active in promoting the Arabic language . Together with UNESCO , it holds the annual International Conference for the Arabic Language , which draws experts , academics , students , policymakers , and bureaucrats . On its second year , which focused on the discussion of the survival of the Arabic language , the forum already drew thousands of participants as well as high level regional and international sponsorship . This event also serves as an opportunity to forge partnerships such as the case of a memorandum of agreement signed by the council and the ISESCO , which outlined specific measures to effectively teach the Arabic language and highlight its role in preserving the Islamic identity .
See also
Arabic
Modern Standard Arabic
Arab League
Arab world
List of countries where Arabic is an official language
References
External links
Arabic Language International Council
Arabic language
Arabic language regulators
Educational institutions established in 2008
George Keith Batchelor FRS ( 8 March 1920 – 30 March 2000 ) was an Australian applied mathematician and fluid dynamicist .
He was for many years a Professor of Applied Mathematics in the University of Cambridge , and was founding head of the Department of Applied Mathematics and Theoretical Physics ( DAMTP ) . In 1956 he founded the influential Journal of Fluid Mechanics which he edited for some forty years . Prior to Cambridge he studied at Melbourne High School and University of Melbourne .
As an applied mathematician ( and for some years at Cambridge a co-worker with Sir Geoffrey Taylor in the field of turbulent flow ) , he was a keen advocate of the need for physical understanding and sound experimental basis .
His An Introduction to Fluid Dynamics ( CUP , 1967 ) is still considered a classic of the subject , and has been re-issued in the Cambridge Mathematical Library series , following strong current demand . Unusual for an 'elementary ' textbook of that era , it presented a treatment in which the properties of a real viscous fluid were fully emphasised . He was elected a Foreign Honorary Member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1959 .
The Batchelor Prize award , is named in his honour and is awarded every four years at the meeting of the International Congress on Theoretical and Applied Mechanics .
References
External links
An Introduction to Fluid Dynamics by G. K. Batchelor at Cambridge Mathematical Library .
Obituaries for George Batchelor ( with portraits ) at the Department of Applied Mathematics and Theoretical Physics ( DAMTP ) of the University of Cambridge website
Obituary by Julian Hunt
Video recording of the K. Moffatt 's lecture on life and work of George Batchelor
1920 births
2000 deaths
Academics of the University of Cambridge
Alumni of the University of Cambridge
Australian mathematicians
Fellows of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences
Fellows of the Royal Society
Foreign associates of the National Academy of Sciences
Fluid dynamicists
Cambridge mathematicians
People educated at Melbourne High School
Royal Medal winners
Australian textbook writers
Show Me Love is the debut album by American singer Robin S. , released on June 21 , 1993 . It includes the single `` Show Me Love '' which reached No . 5 on the US Billboard Hot 100 , No . 6 in the UK Singles Chart and the top 10 of many other charts around the world . Further singles that were released from the album are `` Luv 4 Luv '' ( titled `` Love for Love '' on the album ) , which reached No . 53 in the US and No . 11 in the UK , `` What I Do Best '' ( UK No . 43 ) , `` I Want to Thank You '' ( UK No . 48 ) and `` Back It Up '' ( UK No . 43 ) .
Track listing
Personnel
Adapted from AllMusic .
Scott Alspach – drum programming
Elizabeth Barrett – art direction
Poogie Bell – drums
Roger Byrum – saxophone
Mike Cantwell – guitar
Joe Carvello – executive producer
Debbie Cole – background vocals
Nat Foster – engineer
Ray Gaskins – saxophone
Allan George – engineer , executive producer , producer
Ivan Hampton – drums
George Holz – photography
Paul Jackson Jr. – guest artist , guitar
Craig Kallman – executive producer
La La – producer
Ron Long – bass
Luci Martin – background vocals
Nick Martinelli – mixing , producer
Fred McFarlane – executive producer , keyboards , producer
Kim Miller – background vocals
P. Dennis Mitchell – engineer , mixing
David Morales – mixing , producer
Joey Moskowitz – keyboards
Jay Oliver – keyboards
Dana Reed – guitar , background vocals
Robin S. – primary artist , vocals , background vocals
Ralph Rolle – drums
Vivian Sessoms – background vocals
StoneBridge – keyboards , mixing , producer
David Sussman – engineer
Dennis Taylor – background vocals
Matt Thomas – keyboards , producer
Junior Vasquez – mixing , producer
Bruce Weeden – engineer
Zan – mixing , producer
Charts
References
External links
Show Me Love at Discogs
1993 debut albums
Atlantic Records albums
Big Beat Records ( American record label ) albums
Pterostylis macrosceles , commonly known as the slender rufous greenhood is a plant in the orchid family Orchidaceae and is endemic to the south-west of Western Australia . Both flowering and non-flowering plants have a relatively large rosette of leaves . Flowering plants also have between four and eight white flowers with green brown lines and small , insect-like labellum . It is distinguished from other Western Australian greenhoods by the unusually long thread-like tips on its sepals .
Description
Pterostylis macrosceles is a terrestrial , perennial , deciduous , herb with an underground tuber and a leaf rosette which is wide . Flowering plants have a rosette at the base of the flowering stem but the leaves are usually withered by flowering time . Between four and eight or more translucent white flowers with green or brown lines are borne on a flowering stem tall . The flowers lean forward and are long and wide . The dorsal sepal and petals form a hood or `` galea '' over the column with the dorsal sepal having a long , narrow tip on its end . The lateral sepals turn downwards and suddenly narrow to thin , unusually long thread-like tips . The labellum is fleshy , dark brown , hairy and insect-like . Flowering occurs from September to October .
Taxonomy and naming
This greenhood was first formally described in 2014 by David Jones and Christopher French and given the name Oligochaetochilus macrosceles from a specimen collected near Yellowdine and the description was published in Australian Orchid Review . The genus Oligochaetochilus is not accepted as distinct from Pterostylis by most taxonomists and in 2015 David Jones changed the name to Pterostylis macrosceles `` to allow for the different taxonomic views held at generic level '' . The specific epithet ( macrosceles ) is derived from the Ancient Greek words makros meaning `` long '' and skelos meaning `` leg '' referring to the long tips on the sepals .
Distribution and habitat
The slender rufous greenhood is usually found growing in shallow soil on granite outcrops between Goomalling and Queen Victoria Rocks south of Coolgardie in the Avon Wheatbelt , Coolgardie , Mallee and Yalgoo biogeographic regions .
Conservation
Pterostylis macrosceles is classified as `` not threatened '' by the Western Australian Government Department of Parks and Wildlife .
References
macrosceles
Endemic orchids of Australia
Orchids of Western Australia
Plants described in 2014
Thomas Brunold ( born March 6 , 1969 ) is a Swiss slalom canoer who competed from the mid-1980s to the mid-1990s . He finished 18th in the K-1 event at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona . He is currently a Chemistry professor at the University of Wisconsin–Madison . Placed first in his age division at the Ironman Wisconsin race in 2012 , 2013 , and 2014 .
References
Sports-Reference.com profile
UW Chemistry Department profile
1969 births
Canoeists at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Living people
Olympic canoeists of Switzerland
Swiss male canoeists
Viktor Galović was the defending champion but lost in the semifinals to Adrián Menéndez Maceiras .
Daniel Brands won the title after defeating Menéndez Maceiras 7–5 , 6–3 in the final .
Seeds
Draw
Finals
Top half
Bottom half
References
Main Draw
Qualifying Draw
Guzzini Challenger - Singles
2018 Singles
Parafossarulus anomalospiralis is a species of freshwater snail with gills and an operculum , an aquatic prosobranch gastropod mollusk in the family Bithyniidae .
Distribution
This species occurs in Jilin Province , China .
Description
The shell has four whorls . The suture is deep . The width of the shell is 9.0-9.5 mm . The height of the shell is 15.0-18.0 mm .
Reproductive system and radula was described by Liu et al . ( 1985 ) .
Parasites
Parafossarulus anomalospiralis is the first intermediate host for :
trematode Clonorchis sinensis
References
Bithyniidae
Gastropods described in 1985
Svislach District ( ) is a district ( rajon ) in Grodno Region , Belarus .
The administrative center is Svislach .
Notable residents
Vincent Hadleŭski ( 1888 , village of Porozowo ( now Šuryčy ) – 1942 ) , Belarusian Catholic priest , publicist and politician , victim of the Nazi repressions
References
Districts of Grodno Region
The Innis-Gérin Medal is an award of the Royal Society of Canada for a distinguished and sustained contribution to the literature of the social sciences . It was established in 1966 and is given biennially . The award is named in honor of Harold Innis and Léon Gérin .
Winners
Source : Royal Society of Canada
2020 - Nancy Turner , FRSC
2018 - Jennifer Clapp
2016 - John A . Hall , FRSC
2014 - Janine Brodie , FRSC
2014 - John McGarry , FRSC
2011 - Georges Dionne , FRSC
2007 - Gilbert Laporte
2003 - Richard E. Tremblay , MSRC
2001 - Byron P. Rourke , FRSC
1999 - Rodolphe De Koninck , MSRC
1997 - Norman S. Endler
1995 - Albert Legault , MSRC
1991 - Thérèse Gouin-Décarie , MSRC
1989 - Albert Faucher , MSRC
1987 - Anthony D. Scott , FRSC
1985 - Bruce G. Trigger , FRSC
1983 - Malcolm C. Urquhart , FRSC
1981 - H. Gordon Skilling , FRSC
1979 - Marc-Adélard Tremblay , MSRC
1977 - Harry G. Johnson
1975 - Noël Mailloux
1973 - Jean-Charles Falardeau
1971 - Jacques Henripin
1969 - Alexander Brady , FRSC
1968 - Esdras Minville
1967 - W.A . Mackintosh , FRSC
See also
List of social sciences awards
References
Canadian non-fiction literary awards
1967 establishments in Canada
Awards established in 1967
Royal Society of Canada
Science writing awards
Social sciences awards
Harold Innis
Tomandl Nunatak ( ) is an isolated nunatak on the south side of Crevasse Valley Glacier , 7 nautical miles ( 13 km ) east of Mount Stancliff , in the Ford Ranges of Marie Byrd Land . Mapped by the United States Geological Survey ( USGS ) from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos , 1959–65 . Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names ( US-ACAN ) for Frank Tomandl , Jr. , aviation electrician 's mate , U.S. Navy , of the McMurdo Station winter party , 1968 .
Nunataks of Marie Byrd Land
Michael Griffith is a novelist and short story writer . His stories and essays have appeared in literary journals such as The Oxford American , The Southwest Review , Salmagundi , and The Virginia Quarterly Review , among others .
Griffith received a Master of Fine Arts from LSU in Baton Rouge , and is the former associate editor of The Southern Review . He now works as a professor of creative fiction writing at the University of Cincinnati in Cincinnati , Ohio and teaches fiction writing at the Sewanee School of Letters at the University of the South in Sewanee , TN .
His published works include the novel Spikes out in 2001 as well as a novella plus collected stories entitled Bibliophilia released in 2003 . Both works are published by Arcade Publishing .
The Speaking Stone : Stories Cemeteries Tell , `` a literary love letter to the joys of wandering graveyards , '' was published by the University of Cincinnati Press in April 2021 .
References
Year of birth missing ( living people )
21st-century American novelists
American male novelists
Louisiana State University alumni
Living people
American male short story writers
American male essayists
21st-century American short story writers
21st-century American essayists
21st-century American male writers
The women 's triple jump event at the 1996 World Junior Championships in Athletics was held in Sydney , Australia , at International Athletic Centre on 24 and 25 August .
Medalists
Results
Final
25 August
Qualifications
24 Aug
Group A
Group B
Participation
According to an unofficial count , 25 athletes from 21 countries participated in the event .
References
Triple jump
Triple jump at the World Athletics U20 Championships
Sinneli , Kaş is a village in the District of Kaş , Antalya Province , Turkey .
References
Villages in Kaş District
The 1972–73 FC Bayern Munich season was the club 's eighth season in Bundesliga .
Team kit
Match results
Legend
Bundesliga
DFB-Pokal
DFB-Ligapokal
European Cup
References
FC Bayern Munich seasons
Bayern
German football championship-winning seasons
Rayske ( ) is a village in Kramatorsk Raion of Donetsk Oblast , Ukraine .
Until 18 July 2020 , Rayske was located in Kostiantynivka Raion . The raion was abolished that day as part of the administrative reform of Ukraine , the number of raions of Donetsk Oblast was reduced to eight , of which only five were controlled by the government . Kostiantynivka Raion was merged into Kramatorsk Raion .
References
Villages in Kramatorsk Raion
Saint George is an unincorporated community in Greene County , Virginia , United States .
Saint George is home to the Blue Ridge School .
References
GNIS reference
Unincorporated communities in Greene County , Virginia
Unincorporated communities in Virginia
Emily Parmely Collins ( , Parmely ; after first marriage , Peltier ; after second marriage , Collins ; pen name , Justitia ; August 11 , 1814 – April 14 , 1909 ) was an American woman suffragist , women 's rights activist , and writer . She was the first woman in the United States to establish a society focused on woman suffrage and women 's rights , in South Bristol , New York in 1848 . She was an early participant in the abolitionism movement , the temperance movement as well as a pioneer in the women 's suffrage movement in the United States . She believed that the full development of a woman 's capacities to be of supreme importance to the well-being of humanity ; and advocated through the press for woman 's educational , industrial and political rights . Collins died in 1909 .
Early life
Emily Parmely was born in Bristol , New York on August 11 , 1814 to James Parmely and Lydia Robbins Donelson who were early settlers of the `` Genesee Country '' . Her descendants on her father 's side came from Kent County England and settled in Guilford , Connecticut in 1639 . Her father fought during the Revolutionary War in the 9th Connecticut Regiment .
As a child Emily Parmely was sensitive and shy , preferring to be alone with her pets and books . Early on , she became an industrious reader , especially of history and poetry .
Career
Pre-war
At age 16 , Collins became a teacher of district number 11 in Burbee Hollow , Bristol , New York . She received a salary equal to male teachers , which was considered unusual at the time .
In 1832 , she removed to Michigan with a brother where she taught in a log schoolhouse in the vicinity of Port Huron . On January 8 , 1835 , she married Charles Peltier , a merchant . They soon went to Detroit to live . Charles served as Post Trader at Fort Gratiot , and afterward Comptroller and Justice of the peace in Detroit , holding office through several administrations . They had one son , Pierre Desnoyers Peltier , M.D . ( 1835–1906 ) . Charles died in Detroit .
Her second husband was Simri Bradley Collins ( 1800–1878 ) , whom she married July 4 , 1841 . Simri was the son of Rev . Naron Coobe Collins , D. D. , formerly of Connecticut , later of East Bloomfield , New York . They had one son , Emmett Burke Collins ( 1842–1872 ) .
In 1848 , she returned to Bristol , New York . She attended the Seneca Falls Convention in July . On October 19 , she organized the first woman suffrage society in the world : the Woman 's Equal Rights Union ( alternately called the Equal Suffrage Society or the Equal Rights Association ) . In the same year , she sent the first petition to the legislature . In 1858 , the family removed to Rochester , New York , remaining until 1869 . Here , she was a member of the Unitarian church .
Civil War
Collins was a volunteer nurse in Virginia . Her two sons , one a surgeon , the other a lawyer who had just been admitted to the bar , accompanying her . She wrote : — `` I served as a volunteer nurse through the campaign of 1864 at the front in the Shenandoah Valley , with both of my sons , Dr. P. D. Peltier and Captain E. Burke Collins .
Louisiana
In 1869 , the family removed to Tangipahoa Parish , Louisiana , where Collins buried her second husband in 1876 . Her second son , Captain E. Burke Collins , died in 1872 . She was a resident of Louisiana for ten years . With Elizabeth Lisle Saxon , she continued her suffragist work .
In 1879 , as a new State constitution was being framed , a paper from Collins , giving her ideas of what a just constitution should be , was read to the delegates and elicited praise from the New Orleans press .
Connecticut
In the same year , having leased her plantation , she removed to Hartford , Connecticut to live with her son , Pierre . In 1885 , with Frances Ellen Burr and others , she organized the Hartford Equal Rights Club , and was for many years its president , and later its honorary president .
She wrote occasional stories , to illustrate some principle , for the Pacific Rural and other journals . Not ambitious to acquire a literary reputation , and shrinking from publicity , she seldom appended her name . For several years , she wrote each week for the Hartford Journal , under the pen-name `` Justitia '' , a column or two in support of human rights , especially the rights of woman . She also urged the same before each legislature of Connecticut . As a solution of the temperance issue , she advocated in the Hartford Examiner the exclusive manufacture and sale of liquor at cost by the government . She also urged a change from the electoral system to that of proportional representation , and industrial cooperation in place of competition .
Personal life
Collins was a member of the Massachusetts Referendum League and of the Woman 's Relief Corps . She spoke year after year before the legislature in support of the petition for woman suffrage , and addressed many audiences on various subjects . She became a member of the Daughters of the American Revolution , Hannah Woodruff Chapter , of Southington , Connecticut in October 1904 . Her national number was 48316 , and hers was the one hundredth name on the membership roll of `` Real Daughters '' in Connecticut .
She died on April 14 , 1909 , and was buried at Cedar Hill Cemetery , Hartford , Connecticut . In addition to her sons , she had three grandchildren and four great-grandchildren .
References
Attribution
Bibliography
External links
1814 births
1909 deaths
American abolitionists
American suffragists
American temperance activists
American women educators
American women 's rights activists
Burials at Cedar Hill Cemetery ( Hartford , Connecticut )
Daughters of the American Revolution people
People from Ontario County , New York
Wikipedia articles incorporating text from A Woman of the Century
Women civil rights activists
Current World Archaeology is a magazine devoted to archaeology spanning the globe .
Summary
The magazine focuses particularly on Egypt , Mesopotamia and the Near East , and Greece and Rome , while the civilizations of the Americas are frequently covered . It studies great civilisations from significant eras of the past , such as Early Humans ; the Egyptians ; the Greek Empire ; Jōmon ; Mayans ; The Roman Empire ; and Alexander the Great . The 100th issue , published in April 2020 , covered an Ice Age sculpture , the Vergina tombs of Alexander the Great 's family , Ephesus revisited , Angkor Wat and the Tikal pyramids . Other main features in past issues have included articles on Herculaneum .
As a magazine and not an academic journal , the publication is aimed at amateurs as well as professional archaeologists . It is 'essentially a `` news '' magazine ' which looks for new discoveries when they occur , and reports on recent excavations . The producers work in collaboration with the British Museum , the British Academy , and many universities , both in the UK and across the world . It is recommended by the Council for British Archaeology .
The publication includes articles written by established academics , such as Simon Kamer , Assistant Director of the Sainsbury Institute for the Study of Japanese Arts and Cultures , Professor Andrew Reynolds ( University College London ) and David Gilman Romano ( University of Pennsylvania ) .
The magazine is published 6 times per year and was launched in September 2003 as a sister magazine to Current Archaeology . It is published in the United Kingdom by Current Publishing and Andrew Selkirk is the editor-in-chief , and has a circulation of 5,000 subscribers in the UK and 20,000 across the world .
Features
Each issue includes at least 4 major features , covering topics from all areas of archaeology around the world . These are often written by archaeologists , and edited to make them accessible to all . The magazine also includes news , reviews , and columns , including regular columns by Brian M. Fagan ( University of California ) and Richard Hodges , and occasional competitions .
References
External links
Archaeology magazines
Visual arts magazines published in the United Kingdom
Bi-monthly magazines published in the United Kingdom
English-language magazines
Magazines established in 2003
William J. Perigo ( September 17 , 1911 – February 7 , 1990 ) was an American basketball player and coach . He played college basketball for Western Michigan University from 1931 to 1934 and professional basketball for the Indianapolis Kautskys from 1934 to 1936 . Perigo also worked as a basketball coach for more than 25 years . He was the basketball coach at Benton Harbor High School for 13 years and led the team to the Michigan Class A state championship in 1941 . He was the head basketball coach at Western Michigan University ( 1949–1952 ) and the University of Michigan ( 1952–1960 ) . In 1983 , he was inducted into the Indiana Basketball Hall of Fame .
Early years and college basketball
Perigo was born in Lebanon , Indiana in 1911 . His father , Alonzo Lon Perigo , was a farmer in Boone County , Indiana . Perigo graduated from Delphi High School in Indiana in 1930 . He twice helped lead Delphi to the Indiana state finals and was `` considered the greatest jumping center of his era . '' He enrolled at Western Michigan University and graduated in 1934 . He played three years of varsity basketball at Western Michigan , during which time Western Michigan compiled a 40–13 record .
Professional basketball
In the 1930s , Perigo played professional basketball for the Indianapolis Kautskys . During the 1934–35 season , the Kautskys , featuring Perigo and John Wooden , had a 15-game winning streak .
Coaching career
Perigo was a basketball coach for more than 25 years at the high school and collegiate levels . He coached high school basketball in Markleville , Indiana ( two years ) and Benton Harbor , Michigan ( 13 years ) before moving to the collegiate level . His Benton Harbor teams won 13 Southwest Conference titles and the Michigan Class A basketball championship in 1941 .
Perigo became a friend of John Wooden when the two played professional basketball together for the Kautskys . When Perigo coached high school basketball at Benton Harbor , Wooden lived a short distance away in South Bend , Indiana . During those years , Wooden and his wife often drove to Benton Harbor for Sunday dinners with the Perigos . Wooden also visited practice sessions and offered coaching tips to Perigo .
Perigo was the head basketball coach at Western Michigan University ( 1949–1952 ) and the University of Michigan ( 1952–1960 ) . He compiled a 41–27 ( .603 ) in three years at Western Michigan . In July 1952 , he was hired by the University of Michigan as its head basketball coach . In eight years as the head coach of the Michigan Wolverines men 's basketball team , Perigo compiled a 78–100 ( .438 ) record . His record in Big Ten Conference games while at Michigan was 38–78 . Perigo 's best season at Michigan came with the 1958–59 Michigan Wolverines men 's basketball team , captained by M. C. Burton , Jr. , which compiled a 15–7 ( .682 ) record . Perrigo resigned as Michigan 's head basketball coach in May 1960 after the 1959–60 Michigan Wolverines men 's basketball team finished with a 1-13 record against Big Ten Conference opponents . Perigo told the press at the time that he planned to obtain a master 's degree and pursue a career in teaching or athletic administration .
Later years and death
Perigo remained in Ann Arbor after resigning his coaching position , and worked as an administrator until he retired in 1970 . He was inducted into the Indiana Basketball Hall of Fame in 1983 . Perigo died in Ann Arbor in 1990 at age 78 .
References
External links
NBL statistics
1911 births
1990 deaths
American men 's basketball coaches
American men 's basketball players
Basketball coaches from Indiana
Basketball players from Indiana
Centers ( basketball )
College men 's basketball head coaches in the United States
Hammond Ciesar All-Americans players
High school basketball coaches in Indiana
High school basketball coaches in Michigan
Indianapolis Kautskys players
Michigan Wolverines men 's basketball coaches
People from Lebanon , Indiana
Western Michigan Broncos men 's basketball coaches
Western Michigan Broncos men 's basketball players
Whiting Ciesar All-Americans players
Indianapolis Jets players
Shenley Church End is a village , district and wider civil parish in Milton Keynes England . Together with its neighbouring districts of Shenley Brook End , Shenley Wood and Shenley Lodge , the districts are collectively known as `` The Shenleys '' .
History
The village name 'Shenley ' is an Old English language word meaning 'bright clearing ' . In the Domesday Book of 1086 the area was collectively known as Senelai .
The distinction between the Brook End and the Church End happened in the 12th century when a new manor house was constructed in Shenley Brook End by the Mansell family . However , by 1426 the two manors were owned by the same person and the distinction between the two places was in name only .
Shenley Church End is also home to the Shenley Toot , a 13th-century motte and bailey ( of which only the motte remains ) , which was originally a home of the Earl of Chester and is now a scheduled ancient monument .
Today , the historic village is the core of the new district that bears its name . The district is bounded by V3 Fulmer Street , V4 Watling Street , H5 Portway and H6 Childs Way .
Education and other services
The district contains Denbigh School ( a secondary comprehensive ) , Glastonbury Thorn First School , a nursery in the former village school , and Shenley Church End Pre-School ( situated in the Shenley Leisure Centre ) .
The Leisure Centre beside the secondary school includes a sports hall , gym , squash courts and outdoor football/tennis courts , as well as the Sportsman 's Rest bar .
The local retail centre opposite ( south of ) the school and Leisure Centre is a shopping area consisting of a fish and chip shop , a pharmacy , a cafe , a gym , a barber shop , a bike shop , a bookmaker , a charity shop , a Chinese restaurant , a medical practice and a dental surgery .
In June 2014 , Sainsbury 's opened new supermarket opposite ( east of ) the Leisure Centre , on the site of the former Dolphin Splashdown swimming pool .
Sport
Shenley Church End Cricket Club
The cricket club has been in existence since 1947 . Previously known as Rickley Park CC until 1992 , the club was renamed after moving from Bletchley to play home matches at Denbigh School , but in 2002 SCECC relocated to the bottom pitch at Manor Fields in Fenny Stratford ( where Bletchley Town CC play ) - though choosing to retain their current name .
SCECC currently have a Saturday side playing in the Morrant Four Counties Cricket League Division 3 and play friendlies on Sundays .
Civil parish
The parish includes Shenley Dens , Shenley Hill , Grange Farm , Crownhill , Oakhill/Woodhill , Shenley Wood ( including Medbourne ) , Shenley Church End and Oxley Park .
The parish is bounded to the north-east by V4 Watling Street , to the north-west by the border with Calverton parish , to the south-west by the city boundary with the Buckinghamshire Council unitary authority ( at Whaddon ) and to the south-east by H6 Childs Way .
Oxley Park
Oxley Park , primarily a residential area , is relatively young district having been formed via a development framework in 2004 . The street naming convention is based on the Silver Screen era of Film , with surnames of film stars forming street names . For example , Audrey Hepburn provides the name of Hepburn Crescent . It is also the location of a site of special scientific interest , Oxley Mead , and a nationally notable architecture-led development , Oxley Woods .
Medbourne
Medbourne is another residential district . It forms part of the grid square that includes Shenley Wood .
Grange Farm
Grange Farm is another residential district . It occupies a full grid square and is relatively new . It was originally to be named Grange Hill : this was changed due to it also being the name of a school drama on the BBC .
Crownhill
Crownhill is district of both residential and commercial properties . It is also the location of the city crematorium .
Oakhill
Oakhill is the location of HMP Woodhill and residential developments . At above sea level , it occupies the land with the highest elevation in Milton Keynes .
References
External links
Shenley Church End Parish Council
Areas of Milton Keynes
Villages in Buckinghamshire
Vanessa Grant is a Canadian writer of romance novels , having had 29 published from 1985 to 2001 . Her books have been translated into 15 languages and she has over 10 million books in print .
In 1997 she wrote a manual of writing : Writing Romance and now she is an international lecturer .
Biography
Grant wrote 29 romance novels from 1985 to 2001 . Her books have been translated into 15 languages and she has over 10 million books in print . In 1997 she wrote a manual of writing : Writing Romance .
Grant has become an international lecturer who has given workshops to writers ' groups in Canada and the United States . In August 2001 she was the featured speaker at the Romance Writers of Australia and Romance Writers of New Zealand 's annual conferences .
Grant lives with her husband on Vancouver Island .
Bibliography
Single novels
Pacific Disturbance ( 1985 )
Storm ( 1985 )
Shadows ( 1986 )
The Chauvinist ( 1987 )
Stranded Heart ( 1988 )
Taking Chances ( 1989 )
Awakening Dreams ( 1989 )
Wild Passage ( 1989 )
So Much for Dreams ( 1990 )
The Touch of Love ( 1990 )
Angela 's Affair ( 1991 )
Hidden Memories ( 1992 )
Catalina 's Lover ( 1992 )
Nothing Less Than Love ( 1992 )
After All This Time ( 1992 )
Strangers by Day ( 1993 )
Dance of Seduction ( 1993 )
Yesterday 's Vows ( 1994 )
The Moon Lady 's Lover ( 1994 )
If You Loved Me ( 1999 )
The Colors of Love ( 2000 )
Seeing Stars ( 2001 )
Think About Love ( 2001 )
Jenny & Georgina series
Jenny 's Turn ( 1987 )
Stray Lady ( 1987 )
MacAvoy series
Takeover Man ( 1988 )
One Secret Too Many ( 1990 )
Gabriola Island series
With Strings Attached ( 1991 )
When Love Returns ( 1991 )
Non fiction
Writing Romance ( 1997 )
References and sources
Vanessa Grant 's official website
External links
Vanessa Grant at Fantastic Fiction
Canadian romantic fiction writers
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Yelten , Korkuteli is a village in the District of Korkuteli , Antalya Province , Turkey .
References
Villages in Korkuteli District
Wirehog was a friend-to-friend file sharing program that was linked to Facebook and allowed people to transfer files directly between computers .
History
Wirehog was created by Andrew McCollum , Mark Zuckerberg , Adam D'Angelo , and Sean Parker during their development of the Facebook social networking website in Palo Alto in the summer and fall of 2004 . The only way to join Wirehog was through an invitation from a member and although it was originally planned as an integrated feature of Facebook , it could also be used by friends who were not registered on Facebook . Wirehog was launched in October 2004 , and taken down in January 2006 . Its target audience at the time was the same as the campus-only file-sharing service i2hub that had launched earlier that year . i2hub was gaining a lot of traction and growing rapidly . In an interview with The Harvard Crimson , Zuckerberg said , `` I think Wirehog will probably spread in the same way that thefacebook did . ''
The software was described by its creators as `` an HTTP file transfer system using dynamic DNS and NAT traversal to make your personal computer addressable , routable and easily accessible '' . The client allowed users to both access data stored on their home computer from a remote location and let friends exchange files between each other 's computers . In ways , Wirehog was a project comparable to Alex Pankratov 's Hamachi VPN , the open-source OneSwarm private network , or the darknet RetroShare software .
Until at least July 2005 , Facebook officially endorsed the p2p client , saying on their website :
`` Wirehog is a social application that lets friends exchange files of any type with each other over the web . Facebook and Wirehog are integrated so that Wirehog knows who your friends are in order to make sure that only people in your network can see your files . Facebook certifies that it is okay to enter your facebook email address and password into Wirehog for the purposes of this integration . ''
The Wirehog software was written in Python and was available for Microsoft Windows and Mac OS X only . A Linux version had been promised on the service 's website . The service ran a custom-written HTTP server , and file downloading and photo viewing was through the web browser , with requested authentication by Wirehog 's central servers to allow users to set up custom privacy settings .
See also
Friend-to-friend
Private P2P
Virtual private network
References
External links
Wirehog defunct
Wirehog P2P Melds Social Networks and File-Sharing - TechNewsWorld article
History of Wirehog - Harvard Crimson
File sharing networks
Meta Platforms applications
Computer-related introductions in 2004
Beggen is a quarter in northern Luxembourg City , in southern Luxembourg . , the quarter has a population of 3,746 inhabitants .
The quarter is the location of the 19th century Château de Beggen , built on the ruins of a former 18th century paper mill . In the 20th century , the château has served , successively , as the home of the director general of Luxembourg 's notable steel company , ARBED , a base for both occupying Wehrmacht forces and , later , the liberating US troops during the Second World War , a hotel , an embassy of the Soviet Union , and currently , the embassy of the Russian Federation in Luxembourg .
Beggen is home to FC Avenir Beggen , a historically successful football club that has struggled in the last years and now plays at level 4 in the Luxembourg football league .
References
External links
Quarters of Luxembourg City
The 2019 USA Track & Field Outdoor Championships were held at Drake Stadium on the campus of Drake University in Des Moines , Iowa . Organized by USA Track & Field , the four-day competition took place from July 25–28 and served as the national championships in track and field for the United States .
Men 's results
Key :
Men track events
Men field events
Women 's results
Key :
Women track events
Women field events
Masters exhibition events
International selection
The 2019 USA Track & Field Outdoor Championships serve as the selection meet for United States representatives in international competitions , including the 2019 World Championships in Athletics . In order to be entered , athletes needed to achieve a qualifying standard mark and place in the top 3 in their event . The United States team , as managed by USATF , can also bring a qualified back up athlete in case one of the team members is unable to perform . In their qualification standards , the IAAF allows the option to add athletes based on their worldwide ranking .
Additionally , defending world champions and 2019 Diamond League champions receive byes into the World Championships .
A database was formed to illustrate how International Federations qualified and selected the athletes to represent their countries at the 2019 World Athletics Championships .
Defending 2017 World Champions
Christian Taylor - triple jump
Justin Gatlin - 100 m
Sam Kendricks - pole vault
Phyllis Francis - 400 m
Tori Bowie - 100 m
Kori Carter - 400 m hurdles
Emma Coburn - 3000 m steeplechase
Brittney Reese - long jump
Since some of these athletes also placed top three in these championships , the following fourth place athletes will also qualify :
Tori Bowie – long jump
Zach Bradford – pole vault
Allie Ostrander – 3000 m steeplechase
2019 Diamond League Champions
To be determined at the Weltklasse Zürich on 29 August , and at the Memorial Van Damme in Brussels on 6 September .
American champions in Zurich were :
Noah Lyles 100 meters , no change due to Gatlin
Donavan Brazier 800 meters , possibly opening up a spot for 4th place Isaiah Harris , who achieved a World Championship qualifying time on August 27 in Rovereto .
Sam Kendricks pole vault , no change
Sydney McLaughlin 400 meters hurdles , no change due to Carter
American champions in Brussels were :
Noah Lyles 200 meters , since Ameer Webb did not achieve the 20.40 qualifying mark , he should be replaced by Rodney Rowe . With Lyles getting a wild card spot , the fourth spot would be Kenny Bednarek who pulled up in the championship race but was credited with finishing
Michael Norman 400 meters , opening up an individual spot for 4th place Vernon Norwood who is already on the relay
Christian Taylor triple jump , no change
Additionally qualified
Mason Finley 7th place in discus has the world qualifying standard
Keenon Laine was ranked # 27 in the high jump , and was 6th with 2.21 m at the USA Championships .
Deadline rankings :
While not achieving a qualifying mark , Michael Shuey was ranked # 29 and Riley Dolezal was ranked # 30 in the javelin throw on September 6 and should be invited based on their being ranked within the field minimums . Also potentially invited :
Chari Hawkins was ranked # 17 in the heptathlon
Harrison Williams was ranked # 18 in the decathlon
Ja'Mari Ward was in a 4 way tie for the 32nd and final spot in the long jump
Qualification
USA Track & Field sets minimum performances standards for entry into the national championships . In order to merit entry into the championships , an athlete must meet that standard , or better , within a set time frame prior to the competition . For the 10,000 m , 20,000 m race walk , and combined events the qualifying window was from January 1 , 2018 – July 21 , 2019 . For all other events the qualifying window was June 1 , 2018 – July 21 , 2019 . The organisers also set a maximum number of entrants and rounds for each event .
There are also automatic qualifying criteria outside of the entry standards . Athletes who are the reigning indoor or outdoor national champion are automatically qualified to enter that event . Athletes who meet the `` A '' standard for entry into the previous Olympic Games or World Championships in Athletics receive automatic entry , as do any athletes who placed in the top three of their event at the 2018 USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships .
Non-American athletes may compete as invited guests only and their performances may not count towards the national results nor international team selection . Athletes must have United States citizenship to be selected to represent the nation , else non-citizens must receive approval from the Track & Field Committee and be due to gain United States citizenship prior to the international meet that the national championships is selecting for .
For events over distances from 100 m to 800 m , performances will only be accepted if fully automatic timing ( FAT ) is used . For performances beyond that distance , FAT times are also used , but in the event that the athlete has not recorded a FAT performance , a manually recorded time may be used .
Schedule
The competition took place from July 25–28 .
References
Results
USATF Championships - Drake Stadium , Des Moines Results . Flash Results .
USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships
USA Outdoors
Track , Outdoor
Sports in Des Moines , Iowa
USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships
Track and field in Iowa
William Heatherington Anderson ( born January 6 , 1921 ) was an American football end who played one season in the National Football League ( NFL ) for the Yanks . He played college football for West Virginia .
Anderson was born on January 6 , 1921 , in Triadelphia , West Virginia . He attended Triadelphia High School there before playing college football for University of West Virginia . He was a letterman in 1943 before being drafted to serve in World War II .
Anderson was not selected in a NFL Draft , but was signed by the `` Yanks '' , a merger between the Brooklyn Tigers and Boston Yanks , in . As a Yank he appeared in between five and six games , playing on offense and defense at the end position .
In 1946 , he was signed by the Wilmington Clippers in the minor American Football League ( AFL ) . Though sought by the Yanks , he decided to stay with Wilmington . As a right end during the 1946 season , he appeared in nine out of ten games , and was a starter in eight . As a receiver , he caught ten passes for 247 yards , a 24.7 average .
He returned to the Clippers for the 1947 season , and compiled 166 receiving yards on eleven receptions , an average of 15.1 yards per catch . He also scored his only career touchdown , as he appeared in seven out of eight games . He left the Clippers in 1948 , and stopped playing football professionally .
Whether or not he is still living is unknown . If he is still alive , he would be the oldest former NFL player , the only surviving member of both the Brooklyn Tigers and Boston Yanks , and one of two surviving Wilmington Clippers players ( the other is Bob Hainlen ) .
References
1921 births
Possibly living people
Players of American football from West Virginia
American football ends
West Virginia Mountaineers football players
Boston Yanks players
Brooklyn Tigers players
Wilmington Clippers players
People from Ohio County , West Virginia
Ehkä otin , ehkä en ( English : `` Maybe I took [ something ] , maybe I did n't '' ) is the third album by Matti Nykänen . It was released in 2006 .
Track listing
`` Ehkä otin , ehkä en '' – 3.22
`` Sydän villisti lyö '' – 3.41
`` Kierros kaikille '' – 4.00
`` Tää on mun elämää '' – 3.24
`` Mäkikotka ja häkkilintu '' – 3.38
`` Mervin ja Matin parempi rakkauslaulu '' – 3.01
`` Samaa nauhaa '' – 2.41
`` Lööpistä lööppiin '' – 3.04
`` Elämä on laiffii '' – 3.33
`` Yllätysten yö '' 3.00
`` Maan korvessa '' – 5.53
Credits
Matti Nykänen – vocals
Jussi Niemi – guitar , vocals
Harri Rantanen – bass guitar
Anssi Nykänen – drums
Risto Närhi – hammond organ
Jukka Kautto – guitar
Mikko Saikkonen – saxophone
References
Matti Nykänen albums
2006 albums
The Better America Federation was a pro-business , anti-communist political surveillance organization based in California , U.S. in the 1920s .
History
The organization was founded on May 7 , 1920 , in Los Angeles , California by Harry Marston Haldeman ( the grandfather of Harry R. Haldeman of Watergate fame ) , railway developer Eli P. Clark and other businessmen , mostly from the utilities sector . It was formed ‘ ‘ for the political welfare of the nation , '' . In practical terms the BAF collected and circulated information on individuals it claimed held radical political ideas , opposed legislation supporting and protecting the right of labor to organize , and opposed all related activities it viewed as ‘ ‘ inimical to the welfare of the nation . '' The organization 's headquarters were in Los Angeles , though local chapters were dispersed across California at the organization 's peak in the early 1920s .
The Better America Federation evolved from an earlier organization , also led by Haldeman , called the Commercial Federation of California which formed in 1914 as an alliance of open-shop businessmen determined to oppose California 's increasingly progressive political character . Its founding president , Harry M. Haldeman , was the president of the Pacific Pipe and Supplies Company . The vice president for Los Angeles County was Reese J. Llewellyn , the president of Llewellyn Iron Works . Donors included private individuals and corporations like Southern California Edison .
The organization published pamphlets and organized other campaigns to introduce anti-democratic literature into Californian public institutions . It also lobbied members of the California State Assembly . It promoted a conservative interpretation of American patriotism , while alarming the public about the dangers of domestic communism . Furthermore , it argued the United States Constitution should not be amended . The organization was opposed to labor unions and regulation of industry . Moreover , it promoted a six-day workweek and it rejected the minimum wage .
In schools , it warned against `` bolshevik '' authors like Edward Alsworth Ross , Arthur M. Schlesinger , Sr. and David Saville Muzzey used in textbooks . They also objected to Garfield Bromley Oxnam joining a school board . Moreover , it was opposed to `` compulsory education beyond the age of 14 '' . One of its claimed successes was to ban The Nation and The New Republic from public schools in California , which it viewed as full of left-wing political bias . Haldeman also claimed credit for electing a majority of Southern California 's representatives to the state legislature in 1918 , and for their subsequent promotion of legislation criminalizing radical political speech in California .
Scholars have suggested the organization has influenced conservative politics in California to this day .
Pamphlets
A Brief Outline of Arguments ( 1920 )
Behind the Veil
The Red Menace
The World Endangered
America is Calling
S.O.S .
References
1920 establishments in California
Anti-communist organizations in the United States
Economy of Los Angeles
Antonio Castejón Espinosa ( 1896 , Manila – 1969 ) was a Spanish army officer from the Army of Africa who fought for the Nationalists in the Spanish Civil War . He was born in the Philippines which was a Spanish colony .
At the start of the Civil War Major Castejón 's unit of the Spanish Legion joined the rebels and took control of Tetuán in Spanish Morocco . In August 1936 he commanded one of the four Nationalist columns that took Badajoz by storm . He was present at the subsequent relief of Toledo and was wounded in the fighting around Madrid . Promoted to Colonel in 1937 .
Castejón was given command of the 102nd division of the Army of Andalusia during the Battle of the Ebro . He was promoted to General at war 's end . From 1939 to 1942 , he commanded the Tercio « Duque de Alba » of the Spanish Foreign Legion .
Notes
References
1896 births
1969 deaths
People from Badajoz
Spanish generals
Spanish military personnel of the Spanish Civil War ( National faction )
Francoist Spain
Spanish people in the Spanish Philippines
The Jin dynasty ( 266–420 ) was one of China 's most crucial dynasties . Following the devastation of the Three Kingdoms period , the Jin unified those territories and fostered a brief period of prosperity between 280 and 304 CE . However , during this period many social problems developed as well , the most pressing of which was the migration of barbarian tribes into Jin territory , to the point where they outnumbered Han Chinese in some regions .
Eventually , these tribes began the Wu Hu uprising , during which they took control of much of North China , China 's heartland at that time , and reduced Jin control to the territory south of the Huai River . This ended the prosperity of the early Jin . The Jin dynasty was afterwards known as the Eastern Jin .
The Eastern Jin 's government was dominated to a large extent by powerful generals such as Wang Dun and Huan Wen . These generals often launched expeditions to recover northern China from Wu Hu rule . However , internal division in the government and military , coupled with the weakness of the Southern economy , meant that these expeditions were mostly unsuccessful . By 383 CE , Jin China was threatened by the Former Qin Empire , which had reunified all of North China . Instead of reconquering the North , Jin was fighting for its very survival .
However , in the Battle of Fei River , Jin forces prevailed over the much larger Qin army , causing the collapse of Former Qin in the North . Taking advantage of this , Jin forces under first Xie An and then Liu Yu launched a series of expeditions that retook much of China 's territory south of the Yellow River , the traditional heartland . Eventually , though , the Jin were overthrown by Liu Yu in 420 , ending the dynasty .
Rise of the Jin
Foundation
The Jin dynasty was founded by the Sima family , a prominent family within Cao Wei , the most powerful of China 's Three Kingdoms . They effectively controlled Cao Wei 's military forces after 250 , becoming the real rulers of the state . In 265 CE , the last Wei emperor abdicated and gave up his throne to Sima Yan , who became the first Jin emperor .
Conquest of Wu
As Emperor Wu of Jin , Sima Yan immediately focused on conquering the last of the Three Kingdoms , Wu , which controlled southeastern China . In 280 CE , 200,000 Jin troops in six columns , travelling by river and land , invaded Wu from both Sichuan and the North . They quickly broke through all resistance , including an attempt by Wu 's chancellor Zhang Di to stop them with 30,000 troops . Very soon , Jin forces were besieging the Wu capital , Nanjing , which had only 20,000 defenders . Realizing he was doomed , the Wu ruler surrendered to Jin , and China was reunified .
Prosperity of the Taikang Era
During the rule of Emperor Wu , China entered an era of prosperity . The Jin encouraged recovery by lowering taxes and subsidizing the construction of dikes and other works to benefit agriculture . The reunification of China also spurred on trade to help stimulate the economy .
This prosperity was reflected in the growing luxury of the emperor . One official reportedly entertained Emperor Wu with pork that had been fed on human milk , while another spent over 20,000 strings of cash each day on food alone . This decadence was criticized by other Jin officials , who also worried about increasing barbarian migration into China .
Fall of the Western Jin
War of the Eight Princes
Emperor Wu believed that Wei 's fall had been caused by the royal family losing power and support . To prevent this in his own dynasty , he appointed many of his brothers and sons as `` kings '' of individual provinces , in effect creating a series of powerful regional governments alongside the central government .
Consequently , following Emperor Wu 's death , control of his weak heir Emperor Hui of Jin was fought over by the regional princes in the devastating War of the Eight Princes ( 301-305 CE ) , severely weakening the Jin .
Wu Hu uprising
Following the War of the Eight Princes , the barbarian tribes in north China , under the collective Wu Hu , saw an opportunity to take advantage of the chaos in China . Their forces , under Liu Yuan , revolted against the Jin in 304 CE . Although Jin forces fought hard to contain Wu Hu uprising , they suffered a major defeat in 310 CE that wiped out an army of over 100,000 troops , and afterwards could not hold north China . In 311 CE , the Wu Hu sacked the Jin capital , Luoyang , killing over 30,000 people , and Jin 's secondary capital , Chang'an , was also captured in 316 CE .
The Middle Jin ( 316–383 )
Internal crisis
The remaining followers of the Jin dynasty retreated south and formed the Eastern Jin , whose control was limited to South China . Throughout this period , the Jin court was severely weakened , allowing the Eastern Jin to be dominated by strong generals such as Wang Dun and Huan Wen .
Special `` commanderies of immigrants '' and `` white registers '' were created for the massive amount of northern origin Han Chinese who moved south during the Eastern Jin dynasty . The southern Chinese aristocracy was formed from the offspring of these migrants . Celestial Masters and the nobility of northern China subdued the nobility of southern China during the Eastern Jin and Western Jin in Jiangnan in particular . The most populous region of China was southern China after the depopulation of the north and the migration of northern Chinese to southern China . Different waves of migration of aristocratic Chinese from northern China to the south at different times resulted in distinct groups of lineages , with some lineages arriving in the 300s-400s and others in the 800s-900s .
Huan Wen 's expeditions
Huan Wen , who effectively controlled the Jin state from 346 CE to 373 CE , launched a series of expeditions against the Wu Hu , in an attempt to strengthen both the Jin and his own prestige . However , most of these expeditions failed due to lack of supplies and the Jin court 's suspicion of Huan Wen .
The Late Jin ( 383–420 )
Battle of Fei River
By 376 CE , the North had been reunified under the state of Former Qin , putting Jin in grave danger . In 383 CE , Fu Jian , ruler of Former Qin , invaded Jin with 300,000 troops , against which the Jin could only deploy 80,000 troops . However , the Chinese troops were well-trained and equipped , while the Qin army was made up mostly of conscripts . In the Battle of Fei River , the Qin army was routed by the Jin army .
After this victory , Chancellor Xie An , taking advantage of Former Qin 's collapse , reclaimed much of the territory north of the Huai River for Jin . However , a rebellion by Huan Wen 's son Huan Xuan distracted the Jin , who were unable to defeat it until the rise of Liu Yu .
Liu Yu 's expeditions
Usually regarded as the best general of the Southern and Northern dynasties , Liu Yu defeated the regime of Huan Xuan in 406 CE . He then launched a series of expeditions against Later Qin , Xia , Southern Yan , and Northern Wei , all of which succeeded with the exception of Xia . These victories allowed the Chinese to retake the heartland of China and fixed their northern border at the Yellow River . Following these victories , Liu Yu 's prestige rose , to the point where he usurped the Jin throne in 420 CE , ending the dynasty . Under the rule of him and his son , China would enter a brief golden age , lasting until the Xianbei again conquered north China during the rule of Emperor Ming of Liu Song .
Imperial Family
Sima Fei ( 司馬朏 ) was a descendant of the Jin dynasty royalty who fled north to the Xianbei Northern Wei in exile and married the Xianbei Princess Huayang ( 華陽公主 ) , the daughter of Emperor Xiaowen of Northern Wei .
When the Eastern Jin dynasty ended Northern Wei received the Jin prince Sima Chuzhi 司馬楚之 as a refugee . A Northern Wei Princess married Sima Chuzhi , giving birth to Sima Jinlong . Northern Liang Xiongnu King Juqu Mujian 's daughter married Sima Jinlong .
The Song dynasty chancellor Sima Guang ( 1019–1086 ) was descended from the Jin Imperial family .
References
Sources
Book of Jin
Li , Bo ; Zheng Yin ( Chinese ) ( 2001 ) 5000 years of Chinese history , Inner Mongolian People 's publishing corp ,
Jin dynasty ( 266–420 )
GMM 120 ( Guided Mortar Munition 120 ; known as Patzmi ; also referred to as Morty ) is a GPS and/or laser-guided mortar munition , which was developed by Israel Military Industries .
References
Mortar munitions
Military equipment of Israel
Alvin J. Quackenbush ( June 20 , 1852 – January 6 , 1921 ) was an American merchant and politician from New York .
Life
Quackenbush was born on June 20 , 1852 in Guilderland , New York . He attended Albany Business College .
After working on a farm and working in his father 's wholesale commission office in Albany , Quackenbush moved to Fuller 's Station and worked in the hay business . Five years later , he moved to Schenectady and continued the hay business . In 1889 , he became the eastern agent of Anheuser-Busch . He also owned a 200 acre farm in Saratoga County , near Ballston . He served as alderman for several terms , and was commissioner of public works .
In 1890 , Quackenbush was elected to the New York State Assembly as a Democrat , representing Schenectady County . He served in the Assembly in 1891 , 1892 , and 1893 . He was a delegate to the 1892 Democratic National Convention .
Quackenbush married Amelia Van Wie ; they had a daughter , Olive .
Death
Quackenbush died of blood poisoning on January 6 , 1921 , aged 68 . He was buried in Prospect Hill Cemetery in Guilderland .
References
External links
The Political Graveyard
Alvin J. Quackenbush at Find a Grave
1852 births
1921 deaths
People from Guilderland , New York
Businesspeople from Schenectady , New York
Schenectady City Council members
Members of the New York State Assembly
19th-century American politicians
New York ( state ) Democrats
Deaths from sepsis
Burials in New York ( state )
Albany Business College alumni
One Minute Out is the ninth novel by Mark Greaney , published on February 18 , 2020 . It is also the ninth book in the Gray Man series . In the novel , the main character Court Gentry tracks down a global sex trafficking organization across eastern Europe . To date , One Minute Out is the first Gray Man novel to be written in the first person .
One Minute Out debuted at number one on the New York Times bestseller list , making it Greaney 's first number one solo entry .
Plot summary
Freelance mercenary Court Gentry is tasked with assassinating former Serbian general Ratko Babic at his compound in Bosnia and Herzegovina . While infiltrating his house , Gentry discovers that it is also a way station for young girls waiting to be transported east and sold into sex slavery . After killing Babic , Gentry manages to escape with one of the girls named Liliana while taking heavy fire from the general 's men , leaving the other girls behind .
Liliana informs Gentry about Captain Niko Vukovic , a police chief stationed in the nearby city of Mostar who is Babic 's associate . After sending the girl home safely , Gentry goes to Mostar and surveils the police officer , later apprehending Hungarian mobsters sent to kill him . While there , he encounters Talyssa Corbu , a Romanian financial analyst working for Europol . She had embarked on a personal mission to find her sister Roxana , who is missing and presumed dead or sold into sex slavery . They agree to work together to save the trafficked girls as well as Roxana .
Gentry snatches Vukovic and tortures him for information . The police officer reveals that the next way station or `` pipeline '' for the trafficked girls is in Dubrovnik , Croatia , and that he works for a global enterprise called the Consortium , which deals in money laundering and sex trafficking . Gentry and Corbu then proceed to Croatia , where he uses her as bait to attract Consortium men by asking around about the organization . Eventually , Albanian mobsters working for the Consortium kidnap Corbu . Gentry then chases them through the streets of Dubrovnik , eventually saving the analyst and killing her captors . While captive , Corbu overhears of a Consortium hideout near the Croatian coast . They venture there , where Gentry finds a yacht where the young girls are being transported and decides to follow it .
The Director of the Consortium , Hollywood-based businessman Kenneth Cage , sends security contractor Jaco Verdoorn and his men to Croatia in an effort to dispatch Gentry and Corbu . The former South African special forces member is also tasked with shepherding the yacht full of trafficked young girls to an auction in Venice , Italy . Meanwhile , Gentry infiltrates the yacht and finds Roxana , who now goes by the name of Maja and is selected as one of the VIPs to be personally delivered to Cage . However , she refuses to be rescued , vowing to help her sister identify the Consortium 's top players . Gentry reluctantly leaves her , narrowly escaping the yacht while under pursuit from Verdoorn and his men .
Court then tries to enlist the CIA 's help for resources . However , his boss Matthew Hanley declines , claiming to have no knowledge about the Consortium and sternly telling him that he is needed stateside . Gentry then asks for help from an Italian crime family he had previously worked with in infiltrating the Venice auction , while he instructs Corbu to travel to the Netherlands and coerce a blackhat hacker into accessing the Consortium 's financial records .
Unknown to Gentry , Hanley sends a Ground Branch paramilitary team led by his former black ops team leader Zack Hightower into Venice to apprehend the mercenary . They soon get into a gunfight with Verdoorn and his men and are forced to move out . Gentry witnesses this and demands to know how Hanley knew his whereabouts . His boss replies that Cage is an important Agency asset and must not be harmed , but reluctantly allows Court to rescue Roxana and the girls as long as he does not kill the Consortium head . Gentry then joins Hightower and the Ground Branch team as they return to the United States .
Corbu travels to the United States as well , where she tracks down a ranch outside Los Angeles where Roxana and the girls are being kept . At Hightower 's recommendation , Gentry enlists the services of a group of veterans led by former Delta Force officer Shep Duvall , who used to raid brothels and rescue trafficked girls in the Philippines until they got caught , imprisoned , and later extradited to the United States . Together they storm the ranch , dispatching most of the security and rescuing the girls . However , Duvall is killed in the firefight , and Verdoorn manages to escape with Cage and Roxana . They later regroup to the Consortium head 's mansion in the city .
The next day , Roxana manages to inform her sister about her whereabouts . Court and Duvall 's surviving teammates then stage an assault on the mansion . Gentry eventually kills Verdoorn after a brutal fight and catches up to Cage , who lets Roxana go . Court decides not to kill him and castrates him instead . Roxana and Corbu then reunite , as Gentry is picked up by Hightower and summoned for a new mission .
Characters
Courtland Gentry : Freelance assassin , former CIA Special Activities Division ( Ground Branch ) paramilitary operations officer
Liliana Brinza : Moldovan citizen
Ratko Babic : Former general , Bosnian Serb army
Captain Niko Vukovic : Chief of police , Mostar , Bosnia , and Herzegovina
Talyssa Corbu : Europol criminal analyst
Giancarlo Ricci : Security director of the Alfonsi crime family , Italy
Roxana Vaduva : Romanian university student
Dr. Claudia Riesling : American psychologist
Kostas Kostopoulos : Greek sex trafficker
Kenneth Cage : Hollywood-based investment fund manager
Sean Hall : Bodyguard to Ken Cage
Jaco Verdoorn : Director of White Lion Security and Risk
Zack Hightower : CIA contract employee , former CIA Special Activities Division ( Ground Branch ) paramilitary operations officer
Matthew Hanley : Deputy director for operations , CIA
Suzanne Brewer : CIA officer
Chris Travers : CIA Special Activities Center ( Ground Branch ) paramilitary operations officer
Shep `` Papa '' Duvall : Former CIA , former JSOC ( Delta Force ) operative
Rodney : U.S. Army veteran
Kareem : U.S. Marine Corps veteran
A.J . : U.S. Army veteran
Carl : U.S. Army veteran
Development
In researching for One Minute Out , Greaney went to Bosnia and Herzegovina , Croatia , Italy , and Los Angeles , locations that would later be featured in the novel . On how he came up with the plot , the author said : `` The initial idea for this one began with me picturing the Gray Man on a vengeance mission for something far in the past , but in the process of discovering something unrelated , that 's bigger and more deadly . I soon decided on focusing on human trafficking after doing some research on the subject . ''
Reception
Commercial
One Minute Out debuted at number one in the Combined Print and E-Book Fiction category of the New York Times bestseller list for the week of March 8 , 2020 , making it Greaney 's first number one solo entry . His last number one was with co-author Tom Clancy in his final novel Command Authority ( 2013 ) . In addition , the book charted at number four in the Hardcover Fiction category of the same list .
The book debuted at number three on the USA Today Best-Selling Books list for the week of February 27 , 2020 .
Critical
The book received positive reviews . Publishers Weekly called it `` memorable '' and continued : `` Gentry is up to the task . Spy thriller fans will be enthralled . '' Kirkus Reviews hailed it , stating : `` Great storytelling about the pursuit of extrajudicial justice . '' Thriller novel reviewer The Real Book Spy praised the book 's first person point of view : `` Greaney 's style is unique , and allowing Gentry to speak directly to readers creates a powerful dynamic as fans will love hearing from the super-assassin and seeing the plot through his eyes . It all works incredibly well and is paired perfectly with the dark subject matter at hand . ''
References
The Gray Man
2020 American novels
American thriller novels
Novels set in Europe
Berkley Books books
Route 9 is a , four-lane freeway beginning in Old Saybrook and ending at I-84 near the Farmington-West Hartford town line . It connects the Eastern Coastline of the state along with the Lower Connecticut River Valley to Hartford and the Capital Region .
Route description
Route 9 is a four-lane freeway for most of its length . It begins at I-95/U.S . 1 Exit 69 , on the west bank of the Connecticut River . It runs northwesterly , parallel to the river for approximately between Old Saybrook and Route 99 in Cromwell . Along the river , it passes through the towns of Essex , Deep River , Chester , Haddam , and Middletown ) . After its junction with Interstate 91 in Cromwell , Route 9 continues westward then northward , running through the Hartford area towns/cities of Berlin , New Britain , Newington , and Farmington . At the junction with I-84/US 6 near the Farmington - West Hartford town line , Route 9 follows the ramps for eastbound I-84 and ends at the merge with I-84 immediately after crossing the town line .
Route 9 has a non-freeway portion in the downtown area of Middletown , where it overlaps with Route 17 . The non-freeway portion is in length and consists of two at-grade intersections with traffic lights ( signed as Exits 15 and 16 ) , and one median break to allow access to and from Miller Street . One of these intersections is where Route 17 leaves Route 9 to join Route 66 . ConnDOT may soon consider upgrading the at-grade interchanges of the expressway and make on/off ramps .
The section from I-95 in Old Saybrook to I-91 in Cromwell is known as the Chester Bowles Highway . The section from I-91 in Cromwell to Exit 24 in Berlin is known as the Korean War Veterans Memorial Highway . The section from Route 72 in New Britain to Route 175 in Newington is known as the Taras Shevchenko Expressway . The section from Route 175 in Newington to the junction with I-84 is known as the Iwo Jima Memorial Expressway .
History
The road connecting Deep River ( then known as Saybrook ) and Wethersfield along the west bank of the Connecticut River was a toll road known as the Middlesex Turnpike , which operated from 1802 to 1876 . Another toll road running from Hartford to the northwest corner of Granby was known as the Granby Turnpike and operated from 1800 to 1854 .
The state took over maintenance of trunk highways at the beginning of the 20th century . In 1922 , New England began publicly numbering its state roads . The road running from Old Saybrook to the Massachusetts state line in Granby was designated as part of Route 10 , a multi-state route continuing all the way to northern New Hampshire . The portion of New England Route 10 in Connecticut used the alignments of the Middlesex and Granby Turnpikes . In the 1932 state highway renumbering , Route 10 was relocated to a different alignment beginning in New Haven instead . The Old Saybrook to Granby road was designated as Route 9 .
In the mid-1950s and early 1960s , various plans for a freeway along the Route 9 alignment were developed . Construction also began on the Old Saybrook to Cromwell segment around this time . The freeway from I-95 to I-91 was completely open by 1969 . Old Route 9 south of Middletown was re-designated as Route 9A ( later to be designated as Route 154 ) .
Several options were considered and then later abandoned for the freeway portion through Hartford and points north . By the mid-1960s , a Route 9 freeway alignment through Hartford was finally abandoned . Route 9 was truncated to end at I-91 in Cromwell instead . The portion of old Route 9 from Hartford to Granby was assigned as an extension of Route 189 , while the Cromwell to Hartford segment that was not upgraded to freeway was re-designated as Route 99 .
In 1979 , the eastern end of the Route 72 freeway up to the Berlin Turnpike was completed , including a connector to the planned alignment of Interstate 291 in New Britain . By this time , however , this portion of Interstate 291 had been deleted from the state 's Interstate network . By 1989 , a freeway connection was completed between the north end of Route 9 at I-91 and the east end of Route 72 at the Berlin Turnpike . Route 72 was truncated to end at the I-291 connector while Route 9 was extended along the deleted portion of the Route 72 freeway . Route 9 also took over the I-291 connector , which was extended in 1986 to Route 175 .
In 1992 Route 9 was finally connected to I-84 in Farmington using a portion of the cancelled I-291 right of way , completing Route 9 as it exists today . The segment between I-84 in Farmington and I-91 in Cromwell serves the areas through which the southwest leg of I-291 was to be built ; I-291 would have provided a parallel route to the north connecting roughly between Exit 29 ( Route 175 ) on Route 9 , to a new exit north of Exit 22 on I-91 .
Exit list
Exit numbers are currently sequential , but are scheduled to be converted to mile-based numbering starting in 2022 .
References
Connecticut State Highway Log ( 2006 )
kurumi.com - History of the many alignment changes Scott Oglesby
kurumi.com Connecticut Route 506 Scott Oglesby
nycroads.com - Route 9 Expressway Steve Anderson
CT 9 ( Greater New York Roads )
External links
009
Transportation in Hartford County , Connecticut
Transportation in Middlesex County , Connecticut
Freeways in the United States
Garaiyan , also spelled Gareyan or Gariyan , is a small village in Arrah block of Bhojpur district , Bihar , India . As of 2011 , its population was 2 , in 1 household , making it the least populous village in Bhojpur district .
References
Villages in Bhojpur district , India
Czarnków ( ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Legnickie Pole , within Legnica County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in southwestern Poland . Prior to 1945 it was in Germany .
References
Villages in Legnica County
Elroy Powell , better known by his stage name Spoonface ( born 28 August 1973 ) , is a British singer , songwriter , and producer . He is known as a member of the music group Black Legend .
Career
Spoonface achieved international recording success with the Black Legend cover of Barry White 's song `` You See the Trouble with Me '' . This proved to be a hit single reaching No . 1 in the UK Singles Chart , selling several million worldwide . He has collaborated with a number of artists from varying genres to include Deekline , High Contrast , Omar Lye-Fook , Janet Kay , Kelis , Craig David , Daniel Merriweather and the Sugababes .
He has also made screen appearances as Biggy Spect in the BBC series Trexx and Flipside , plus numerous bouts of presenter activity with Trouble TV 's interactive game show , Freakin Famous . He was a regular face on the BBC TV soap opera EastEnders and appeared in Star Wars Episode VII as Rosser Weno .
Recent engagements include Fighting With My Family , Pirates , Jingle Jangle and the Harry Enfield 100 years of BBC special .
Spoon has also worked extensively in the area of video games and recently won the One Voice Conference award for Best Male Voice in Gaming , with his performance in Techland 's Dying Light 2 Stay Human as one of the main characters . Spoon voices the major character Jack Matt who is the leader of a rebellious army faction called the Peacekeepers . In story mode , players of Dying Light 2 can uncover more about his character and involvement in certain pivotal aspects of the game 's plot . Spoon has also voiced the character of Magnus in the Dota 2 card game Artifact as well as a number of other roles in the video game industry .
References
External links
Spoonface
Elroy Powell
1973 births
Living people
British male singer-songwriters
People from Sunderland
21st-century Black British male singers
English people of West Indian descent
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Plunge may refer to :
Plunge ( American football ) , a play in American football
Plunge ( geology ) , the inclination of a surface or axis of an anticline to the horizontal
The Plunge , a historic swim center in Richmond , California
Plunge Creek , a river in Alaska
Plungė , a city in Lithuania
Plunge , the former name for the American rock band Cinder Road
Plunge , a type of waterfall
Plunge ( gambling ) , sudden support for a horse in a race
A swim center in Belmont Park ( San Diego ) , California
Plunge for distance , a former diving event
Plunge ( album ) , a 2017 album by Fever Ray
See also
Plunger , a common device used to release stoppages in plumbing
Plunger ( disambiguation )
Çerler is a village in the District of Kaş , Antalya Province , Turkey .
References
Villages in Kaş District
HMS Speedwell was a mercantile vessel that the Admiralty purchased in 1780 . During the American Revolutionary War she served at Gibraltar during the Great Siege . In 1796 she was converted to a brig . Although she did capture two French privateers and participate in an incident in which the Royal Navy violated Swedish neutrality , her service in the French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars was apparently relatively uneventful . A storm in February 1807 destroyed her with the loss of her entire crew .
American Revolutionary War
Lieutenant John Gibson commissioned Speedwell in July 1780 , for the Mediterranean . She arrived at Gibraltar , which was undergoing the Great Siege , on 20 December , carrying dispatches . While Speedwell was on her way she encountered a small vessel that launched an attack that Speedwell repulsed , though Gibson sustained some wounds . On 1 January 1781 the British took possession of an abandoned settee on which there were letters , with one mentioning that the vessel that had attacked Speedwell had suffered several men killed and wounded .
Speedwell then remained at Gibraltar . Five men deserted Speedwell on 11 April after helping tow the cutter Tartar out of the Mole . On 16 June 1781 Speedwell brought 120 prisoners into Gibraltar , but it is not clear from where . On 5 October some Speedwells crew intended a mutiny to seize her and desert with her to the Spanish . However , a Spanish boy , a deserter , who was on board informed Gibson , who arrested four ringleaders . The deserters were then placed in irons on the provost ship . About half the crew were amenable to the planned mutiny , which had the mutineers rising , killing the officers , and then sailing Speedwell to Algerciras . There the mutineers intended to sell her , split the proceeds , and proceed individually to England .
On 3 December a crewman from Speedwell stole a fishing boat and made for the Spanish shore before some fishermen set out after him and brought him back .
Speedwell was re-rated as a sloop-of-war on 22 March 1782 , with the news reaching Gibraltar on 22 May . On 16–17 September Speedwell prepared to go to sea .
In June 1782 the garrison launched 12 gunboats . Each was armed with an 18-pounder gun , and received a crew of 21 men drawn from Royal Navy vessels stationed at Gibraltar . Speedwell provided the crew for Vengeance .
On 11 July four men deserted , two of them from Speedwell , and participants in the planned mutiny .
During the siege , Speedwell provided men for the Marine Brigade formed on 9 September 1782 . Messrs Malone , Devereux , and Park served as captain and ensigns in the brigade , respectively .
Around 11 October , a storm came up and drove the Spanish two-decker San Miguel close to Gibraltar , apparently in some distress . The batteries fired on her , killing two men and wounding two others . She shortly thereafter grounded , and struck . A boat from Speedwell went out to establish possession . San Miguel , of 72 guns , had a complement of 634 men under the command of Don Juan Moreno . She was a new vessel , built at Havana .
Earlier , on 13 and 14 September , the garrison destroyed a number of floating batteries . In December 1784 there was a distribution of £30,000 in bounty money for the batteries and the proceeds of the sale of ships ' stores , including those of San Miguel . A second payment of £16,000 followed in November 1785 . A third payment , this of £8,000 pounds , followed in August 1786 . June 1788 saw the payment of a fourth tranche , this of £4,000 . Speedwells officer and crew shared in all four .
Commander William Bradshaw was appointed to command Speedwell in January 1783 .
It is not clear from where Speedwell came , nor when , but on 19 March 1783 she anchored in Rosia Bay . Three days later she and sailed for Barbary . She returned , and on 27 May set out from Gibraltar to attempt to sail west . On 6 June Speedwell and sailed for Tangier . On 9 August Speedwell departed . She arrived at Portsmouth on 5 September .
Post-war
Speedwell was paid off in August 1783 . Then on 14 October she reverted to the status of a cutter . She underwent fitting at Portsmouth , and in November Lieutenant Richard Willis recommissioned her for service off the Isle of Arran . In July 1787 she was paid-off .
Lieutenant Thomas Rayment recommissioned Speedwell in June 1789 . In August , King George , with Queen Charlotte and the three princesses , visited Plymouth Dockyard and inspected the Navy there . He took the opportunity to promote a number of officers , Rayment among them .
In October Lieutenant George Brissac recommissioned Speedwell for the Channel . In May 1790 Speedwell was again recommissioned this time under Lieutenant George Paris Monke . Speedwell performed various missions for Admiral Lord Howe . Then in 1782 , she was off the Yorkshire coast when she captured a smuggling brig . At 14 guns , the Hell-Afloat was probably as strongly armed as Speedwell , but did not resist capture .
Shortly before the start of the war with France , Monke sailed Speedwell to Hamburg to retrieve some British sailors rescued from various vessels that had wrecked on the coast of Jutland . He brought back about 100 . Monke was forced to stay on deck day and night , although on the way back to Britain the weather was bad , to forestall any uprising by the rescued sailors . The fear was that the sailors , who were not anxious to be pressed into the Royal Navy , would try to seize Speedwell and run her ashore .
French Revolutionary Wars
The voyage from Hamburg so hurt Monke 's health that he resigned his appointment in September . Lieutenant Edward Williams replaced Monke .
During the night of 22–23 August 1796 , the French privateer cutter Brave approached Speedwell off St Catherine 's Point on the Isle of Wight and attempted to board her . Speedwell captured Brave , which was armed with one 6-pounder guns and two swivel guns , and had a crew of 25 men . Brave was only 12 hours out of Cherbourg and had not yet captured anything . Speedwell carried Brave into Spithead .
Between October 1796 and April 1797 the Navy had her altered at Portsmouth to a brig . In March Williams received a promotion to Commander ; the next month Lieutenant William Birchall recommissioned Speedwell .
Lieutenant James Reddy replaced Birchall in September 1798 , sailing Speedwell for the North Sea . At some point in 1798 the Royal Navy re-rated her as a gun-brig .
On 7 August 1798 and Speedwell intercepted in the North Sea a Swedish convoy under the escort of . The British vessels demanded that the Swedes come into port to have their cargo inspected for enemy ( French ) cargo . Although Sweden was neutral , Ulla Fersens captain acceded to this demand as the two British vessels out-gunned him and he wanted to avoid loss of life . The Swedish merchant vessels were inspected , one was seized , and the rest departed .
Speedwell next appears as a participant in the Anglo-Russian invasion of Holland ( 27 August 1799 – 19 November 1790 ) . On 24 September Admiral Andrew Mitchell reported that he detached Captain Boorder , in , with Speedwell , to scour the Coast from Steveren to Lemmer . Captain William Bolton of praised Reddy , whom Bolton sent in a flat boat to retrieve the gun-brig , which had grounded around end-September .
Subsequently , Speedwell ( and also the hired armed lugger Speedwell , were among the vessels that shared in the proceeds of the Vlieter Incident on 28 August 1799 , when the Dutch fleet , with 632 guns and 3700 men , surrendered to Admiral Mitchell , without a shot being fired .
In early April 1800 `` the Speedwell Cutter '' brought into Yarmouth Fancy de Jersey , which she had recaptured off Goree . Fancy had been sailing from Guernsey to Leith when a French privateer lugger captured her .
Next , Speedwell shared with and in the capture on 23 June 1801 of Purissima Concepcion .
Speedwell was paid off in July 1802 .
Napoleonic Wars
Between July and August 1803 Speedwell underwent refitting at Sheerness . Lieutenant Donald Fernandez recommissioned her in August . By January 1804 Lieutenant William Robertson had replaced Fernandez .
On 15 January 1804 , Speedwell , under Robertson 's command , was sailing from Guernsey to Dungeness . Speedwell was escorting transports carrying troops of the 43rd Regiment of Foot . She was about five leagues from Beachy Head when she encountered the French privateer lugger Hazard . Hazard , of Boulogne , was under the command of Pierre François Beauvois . She was armed with six guns , but had thrown two overboard during the four-hour chase before she struck . She had a crew of 34 men and had sailed three days earlier from Dieppe . The day before she had captured the sloop Jane , which had been carrying merchandise from Southampton to London .
Fate
On 18 February 1807 Robertson was still her captain when a storm drove Speedwell onto the shore near Dieppe . There were no survivors .
Notes , citations and references
Notes
Citations
References
1780s ships
Cutters of the Royal Navy
Brigs of the Royal Navy
Maritime incidents in 1807
Storybook most often refers to children 's literature .
Storybook may also refer to :
Arts , entertainment , and media
Literature
Disney 's Animated Storybook , a 1995 series of point-and-click interactive storybooks
Interactive storybook , a children 's story packaged with animated graphics , sound or other interactive elements
Shirley Temple 's Storybook , a U.S. TV series
The Jesus Storybook Bible , a children 's Bible written by Sally Lloyd-Jones
The Little Endless Storybook , a picture book by Jill Thompson
Music
Groups and labels
Story Books , an English band
Albums and EPs
Storybook ( Kasey Chambers album ) , 2011
Storybook ( Peter Jöback album ) , 2004
A Coloring Storybook and Long-Playing Record , an EP by American band Cinematic Sunrise
The Adult Storybook , a 2009 album by New Tokyo Terror
The Supersonic Storybook , a 1991 album by American band Urge Overkill
Songs
`` Storybook '' , a song in The Scarlet Pimpernel
Television
Cartoon Storybook , a 1959 Canadian children 's television series
Dancing Storybook , a 1959 Canadian children 's television series
HBO Storybook Musicals , a series of television specials
Storybook International , a British children 's television series
Storybook Squares , a special series of episodes of the NBC game show Hollywood Squares
Storybook World , an animated series that was released on VHS tape
The Storybook Series with Hayley Mills , a 1986 American animated television/video series
Other arts , entertainment , and media
Storybook Weaver , a 1994 educational game for the Apple Macintosh
Attractions and parks
Sindbad 's Storybook Voyage , a dark ride in boats at Tokyo DisneySea
Storybook Glen , a children 's park in Maryculter , Scotland
Storybook Land , a family amusement park located in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , United States
Storybook Land Canal Boats , an attraction located at more than one Disneyland theme park
Storybook Gardens , in Springbank Park
Education and literacy
African Storybook , a literacy initiative in Africa
Organizations
Clockwork Storybook , a former writer 's collective and independent book publisher based in Austin , Texas
Storybook Dads , a UK charity which promotes adult literacy
Other uses
Storybook house , an architectural style popularized in the 1920s in England and United States
Wanderful Interactive Storybooks , a developer of interactive storybook apps
A. J . Hammer ( born Andrew Goldberg on October 31 , 1966 ) is a television and radio personality who most recently hosted the HLN channel 's former evening entertainment show , Showbiz Tonight .
Biography
From 2001 to 2005 , Hammer hosted Court TV 's Hollywood Heat , a program focusing on crime and justice in the entertainment business . He also hosted several programs on Sirius Satellite Radio .
Hammer also was a correspondent for several programs including : the daily morning program Good Day New York , the entertainment news program Extra and E ! channel 's News Live .
During most of the 1990s , he was a host of VH1 's Top 10 Countdown .
Hammer is a 1984 graduate of White Plains High School , White Plains , New York . He graduated with a degree in philosophy from the University of Hartford in 1988 . He was involved with the Alpha Epsilon Pi fraternity .
Hammer began his broadcasting career at the age of 15 , at WNBC radio in New York City . While in college he worked at WTIC-FM ( Hartford , Connecticut ) . He later worked for WPLJ radio and Z-100 ( WHTZ ) radio , both in New York City .
Hammer appears as a model in the book Heartthrob : A Hundred Years of Beautiful Men ( in which he is described as possessing `` almost-too-good-looking-for-words attractiveness '' ) and the October 1999 issue of Gym magazine . He also appears in The Mane Thing , a book by stylist Kevin Mancuso .
Hammer also was the spokesperson for Milton Bradley 's promotional tour of the Planet Hollywood board game .
Hammer was also a model in the Debbie Gibson 's `` What You Want '' music video ( 2001 ) which involved a bathtub scene . The two were wearing clothes and the tub was filled with cold water 1/4 of the way up ( no hot water available ) and bubbles to the top .
References
External links
Official website
A.J . Hammer profile at CNN.com
1966 births
Jewish American journalists
American television personalities
American male journalists
21st-century American journalists
University of Hartford alumni
Living people
People from White Plains , New York
CNN people
21st-century American Jews
Siniora Food and Manufacturing plc . Is a multinational food industry company that produces meat products in Palestine , Jordan , and Saudi Arabia .
Siniora ( Also spelled Sanyoora , Sinyoora , Sunyoora , and Sanyoura ) is well known in the Arab World for its Mortadella .
Name Change
Siniora Jerusalem was a very reputable name in the Arab World until 1996 when the Arab Palestinian Investment Company ( AIPC ) acquired the Palestinian branch of Siniora Jerusalem and renamed it to its current name .
References
Multinational food companies
Food and drink companies of Jordan
The 1960 season of the Paraguayan Primera División , the top category of Paraguayan football , was played by 10 teams . The national champions were Olimpia .
Results
Standings
External links
Paraguay 1960 season at RSSSF
Para
Paraguayan Primera División seasons
Primera
Even Erlien ( born 16 January 1955 ) is a Norwegian politician for the Centre Party .
He served as a deputy representative in the Norwegian Parliament from Sør-Trøndelag during the terms 1993–1997 and 1997–2001 .
On the local level , Erlien was mayor of Røros municipality until 1999 .
Even Erlien var ordfører i Røros Kommune helt til 1999 . Han var også ordfører i Røros under innspillingen av « Jul i blå fjell » så da syntes produksjonen at han skulle få en rolle , ikke en veldig stor rolle men en rolle .
Han var leder i Senterpartiet , og eier selv en går .
References
1955 births
Living people
Centre Party ( Norway ) politicians
Deputy members of the Storting
Mayors of places in Sør-Trøndelag
People from Røros
Elphège Gravel ( October 12 , 1838 – January 28 , 1904 ) was a Canadian Roman Catholic priest and the 1st Bishop of Nicolet , Québec from 1885 to 1904 .
References
1838 births
1904 deaths
19th-century Roman Catholic bishops in Canada
20th-century Roman Catholic bishops in Canada
Roman Catholic bishops of Nicolet
Karatepe , Gazipaşa is a village in the District of Gazipaşa , Antalya Province , Turkey .
References
Villages in Gazipaşa District
Contra ( real name Margus Konnula ; born 22 March 1974 , in Urvaste , Võru County ) is an Estonian poet and translator .
After 1994 , he worked as a postman . From 1996 to 1999 , he was the postmaster at Urvaste . After this job , he became a freelance writer and screenwriter . From 2004 to 2008 , he was the editor of the local newspaper of the Urvaste Parish .
He has won numerous Estonian-related and also other country awards . For example , in 2017 , he received the Eduards Veidenbaums Literary Award . In 2019 , he received the Latvian Cross of Recognition ( V class ) .
Selected works
1995 : poetry collection `` Ohoh ''
2001 : poetry collection `` Suusamütsi tutt '' ( 'Ski Hat Bobble ' )
2019 : poetry collection `` Legoist ''
References
External links
Contra at Estonian Writers ' Online Dictionary
1974 births
Living people
Estonian male poets
Estonian translators
21st-century Estonian poets
People from Antsla Parish
The Laughing Place is a traditional African American folktale , featuring Br'er Rabbit , Br'er Fox and Br'er Bear . It is famous for its inclusion among Joel Chandler Harris ' Uncle Remus stories .
Summary
Following Br'er Rabbit 's capture , the hero leads his captors , wily Br'er Fox and dim-witted Br'er Bear , to his `` laughin ' place '' . Out of curiosity , they let him lead the way , only for Br'er Rabbit to walk them straight into a cavern of bees . While the antagonists are stung , Br'er Rabbit escapes .
This story can be traced to African trickster tales , particularly the hare that figures prominently in the storytelling traditions in Western Africa , Central Africa , and Southern Africa . In the Akan traditions of West Africa , the trickster is usually the spider ( see Anansi ) , though the plots of tales of the spider are often identical with those of stories of Br'er Rabbit .
In popular culture
The story was used in the 1946 film Song of the South along with `` The Tar Baby '' and `` The Briar Patch '' . It is also referenced in a dark ride scene of Splash Mountain , a log flume-style attraction at Disneyland , Orlando 's Magic Kingdom and Tokyo Disneyland , based on Song of the South .
The term `` The Laughing Place '' is also used in the Stephen King novel Misery and the second season of the series Castle Rock .
References
African-American cultural history
Br'er Rabbit
Rabbits and hares in literature
Bears in literature
Literature featuring anthropomorphic foxes
Folklore of the Southern United States
Bharati Vaishampayan ( January 1 , 1954 - January 19 , 2020 ) was a Hindustani classical vocalist of the Jaipur-Atrauli gharana and the former Dean and Head of Department of Music at Shivaji University .
Early life and education
Born into a family with a keen interest in music , Vaishampayan began her training in Hindustani Classical Music at the age of 12 under the tuition of Shri Chintubua Mhaiskar of Sangli . She first performed on All India Radio ( AIR ) in 1972 .
She was awarded the National Scholarship for Higher Education in Music by the Indian government in 1976 . As a result of this she was able to further her studies under Pandit Sudhakarbua Digrajkar of the Jaipur-Atrauli gharana , who trained her in the performance of raaga .
She completed her M.A . ( Music ) from SNDT Women 's University , Mumbai , in 1982 , and earned the Sangeet Pravin ( Doctorate in Music ) by Gandharva Mahavidyalaya in 1985 .
Musical career
Through this training , she was given the opportunity to perform on AIR 's Tuesday Night Concert . Her performance was heard by Pandit Nivruttibua Sarnaik , the maestro of the Jaipur-Atrauli gharana , who wrote to her to invite her to become his student . During this period Vaishampayan also met Shri Baburao Joshi of Kolhapur , who trained her in light-classical forms of music such as Thumri , Dadra , Kajri , Jhoola and Tappa .
As a vocalist of the Jaipur-Atrauli gharana , she performed in numerous concerts and festivals in various cities , and was broadcast regularly on AIR from 1972 . She worked as an expert on the station 's Selection Committee in 1990 , and participated in various discussions shows , including Future of Classical Music and Swarlipi of Pandit Bhatkhande . She was rated as a `` TOP '' grade artist in Classical and `` A '' Grade in Light-Classical categories . She also participated in a number of special programmes and lecture-demonstrations on rare and less-performed Raagas of Hindustani music .
Two CDs of various live performances by Vaishampayan have been released by the Musician 's Guild , featuring Raagas including Shuddha Kalyan , Yaman , Shankara , Khambavati , Kaushi Kanada , Adana Bahaar and Malvi .
As an educator
She was involved in the Music department of Shivaji University , Kolhapur , from its inception in 1984 . She became the Head of the Music department in 1987 , and later the Dean of the university . She was an examiner and member of the Board of Studies of several universities , including Dharwad University , Goa University , Marathwada University , Nagpur University , Pune University , the Maharaja Sayajirao University of Baroda , Kurukshetra University and Amravati University , and visited many other universities as an expert for specialised lecture-demonstrations and refresher courses .
Awards
Vaishampayan received several awards and recognitions , including :
Government of India National Scholarship for higher training for the year 1976–77 .
`` Gaan Hira '' awarded by SNDT Women 's University , Mumbai , for her performance in the M.A . ( Music ) Exam in 1982 .
Best Teacher Award by Shivaji University in the year 1998 .
Mangal Puraskaar in 2001 .
Sangeetkar Ram Kadam Puraskaar awarded by Ram Kadam Pratishthan , Pune , in 2002 .
Kolhapur Bhushan Puraskaar in 2002 .
Bharat Jyoti Puraskaar awarded by India International Friendship Society , New Delhi , in 2003 .
`` SWARA CHANDRA SHIKHAR '' national award by Chandrashekhar Swamiji Memorial Trust , Hubbali .
Pandit Dr.Janorikar `` Sangeet Bhushan '' Puraskar awarded by Ganwardhan , Pune.2018
References
https : //web.archive.org/web/20070922062653/http : //www.unishivaji.ac.in/deptmusic.htm
http : //www.screenindia.com/old/archive/archive_fullstory.php ? content_id=4369
https : //web.archive.org/web/20080615013614/http : //malharaavishkar.com/index4.htm
http : //www.unipune.ernet.in/events/search_event.php ? fldd=2003-09-26
1954 births
2020 deaths
Hindustani singers
Indian women classical singers
People from Kolhapur
SNDT Women 's University alumni
Shivaji University
Women Hindustani musicians
Singers from Maharashtra
Women musicians from Maharashtra
The Siege of Trebinje was an Austro-Venetian attempt to take the city of Trebinje from the Ottoman forces .
Battle
Austrian general Nastić tried to take Trebinje with 400 soldiers and 500 hajduks , but was repelled . A combined 7,000 strong Austro-Venetian-Hajduk army stood before the Trebinje walls , defended by only 1,000 Ottomans . The Ottomans were busy near Belgrade and with hajduk attacks towards Mostar , they were unable to reinforce Trebinje . The conquest of Trebinje and Popovo field were given up to fight in Montenegro . The Venetians took over Hutovo and Popovo , where they immediately recruited militarily from the population .
References
Sources
Austro-Turkish War ( 1716–1718 )
Trebinje
Trebinje
Trebinje
1716 in Austria
1716 in the Ottoman Empire
Trebinje
The 2020 United States presidential election in Utah was held on Tuesday , November 3 , 2020 , as part of the 2020 United States presidential election in which all 50 states plus the District of Columbia participated . Utah voters chose electors to represent them in the Electoral College via a popular vote , pitting the Republican Party 's nominee , incumbent President Donald Trump , and running mate Vice President Mike Pence against Democratic Party nominee , former Vice President Joe Biden , and his running mate California Senator Kamala Harris . Utah has six electoral votes in the Electoral College .
Prior to the election , all 14 news organizations projected Utah as leaning towards Trump , or a safe red state . Throughout the campaign , Trump did not exceed 60 % in a single poll conducted . Some polls even showed the president leading by single digits against Biden , likely indicating a closer than normal contest in this traditionally Republican stronghold . Trump won Utah with 58.1 % of the vote and a margin of 20.5 % , an improvement on his 18.1 % margin over Hillary Clinton in 2016 , but still relatively narrow compared with past Republican nominees in the modern age . He performed strongly in rural areas , as well as in some larger counties like Utah ( Provo ) , Davis ( Farmington ) , and Weber ( Ogden ) . Trump improved over his 45.5 % plurality win in 2016 , due in part to the lack of a strong third party presence , as Evan McMullin , who endorsed Biden , earned 21.5 % of the vote that year . The election was far more of a two-party contest in 2020 , with third parties receiving 4.2 % of the vote , compared to 27 % in 2016 . Despite this , the Associated Press reported a less partisan and more cooperative cultural environment in Utah compared to other states during the election .
With no major third-party challenges , Trump improved his vote share by 13 % while Biden improved on Hillary Clinton 's 2016 results by 10.3 percentage points . Biden 's improvement garnered him the highest percentage by a Democratic presidential nominee in Utah since Lyndon Johnson won with 54.9 % of the vote in 1964 , as Biden overtook the vote shares of Hubert Humphrey in 1968 , Barack Obama in 2008 , and Jimmy Carter in 1976 ( the only other Democratic nominees to surpass a third of the state 's vote since 1964 ) . Biden 's greatest support came from Salt Lake County , the state 's most populous county , where he won 53.7 % , the first outright majority for a Democratic nominee in the county since Johnson in 1964 . Biden also won Summit County ( Park City ) , which , along with Salt Lake , was one of two counties in the state Hillary Clinton had carried in 2016 ( and the only one where she had won a majority ) ; and he flipped Grand County ( Moab ) , which had voted Democratic in 1992 and 2008 .
Per exit polls by the Associated Press , Trump 's strength in Utah came from Mormons . 53 % of voters identified as Mormons , and Trump received 72 % of their votes . Trump also won the suburban areas , which make up 57 % of the state , with 54 % of the vote .
Utah is also one of the 7 states ( along with Arkansas , Nevada , California , Illinois , Florida , and Hawaii ) as well as the District of Columbia in which Trump 's margin increased from 2016 .
Primary elections
Republican primary
The Republican primary was held on March 3 , 2020 . Utah politicians Jon Huntsman and Mitt Romney both declined to run against Trump .
Democratic primary
The Democratic primary was held on March 3 , 2020 . Elizabeth Warren , Bernie Sanders , and former Vice President Joe Biden were among the major declared candidates .
General election
Predictions
Polling
Graphical summary
Aggregate polls
Polls
with Donald Trump and Michael Bloomberg
with Donald Trump and Cory Booker
with Donald Trump and Pete Buttigieg
with Donald Trump and Kamala Harris
with Donald Trump and Amy Klobuchar
with Donald Trump and Beto O'Rourke
with Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders
with Donald Trump and Elizabeth Warren
with Donald Trump and Generic Democrat
with Donald Trump and Generic Opponent
Results
Results by county
Counties that flipped from Republican to Democratic
Grand ( the largest municipality : Moab )
By congressional district
Trump won all four congressional districts .
See also
United States presidential elections in Utah
Presidency of Joe Biden
2020 United States presidential election
2020 Democratic Party presidential primaries
2020 Republican Party presidential primaries
2020 United States elections
Notes
References
External links
( state affiliate of the U.S. League of Women Voters )
Utah
2020
Presidential
The 1991–92 season was the first in which teams from the former East were integrated into the unified German system , and Dynamo Dresden entered into the Bundesliga , having finished as runners-up in the NOFV-Oberliga the previous season . Dynamo battled against relegation for much of the season , but pulled clear with a good run of results towards the end of the season , and finished the season in 14th place .
Squad
Results
Bundesliga
DFB-Pokal
Transfers
External links
Season details at fussballdaten
Dynamo Dresden seasons
Dynamo Dresden
Trice is a surname found in English-speaking countries .
Notable people bearing it include :
Amelia Trice ( 1936–2011 ) , Native American leader
Bob Trice ( 1926–1988 ) , pitcher for Philadelphia and Kansas City Athletics
George Trice ( born 1983 ) , American singer on season 2 of American Idol
Jack Trice ( 1902–1923 ) , American football player
Obie Trice ( born 1977 ) , American rapper
Richard Trice ( 1917–2000 ) , American blues guitarist , singer and songwriter
Travis Trice ( born 1993 ) , American basketball player
Tyrone Trice ( born 1963 ) , American boxer
Wally Trice ( born 1966 ) , American baseball player
Willie Trice ( 1908–1976 ) , American blues guitarist , singer and songwriter
Red Rocks : 7/8/78 is a three-CD live album by the rock band the Grateful Dead . It was recorded on July 8 , 1978 , at Red Rocks Amphitheatre in Morrison , Colorado . It was released on May 13 , 2016 . The same concert was also released as part of the box set July 1978 : The Complete Recordings .
Critical reception
Stephen Thomas Erlewine , writing on AllMusic , said , `` If any Dead show could be called a full-on party — when they get to the concert-closing `` Werewolves of London '' , it feels like a triumph — it 's this , and while the good times are infectious , what lingers is how the band is exceptionally tight on this night . Whether they 're boogying to blues and rock & roll or stretching to the edge of space , everybody feels in sync and the results are exhilarating . ''
Track listing
Disc 1
First set :
`` Bertha '' > ( Jerry Garcia , Robert Hunter ) – 6:43
`` Good Lovin ' '' ( Rudy Clark , Artie Resnick ) – 6:40
`` Dire Wolf '' ( Garcia , Hunter ) – 4:07
`` El Paso '' ( Marty Robbins ) – 4:24
`` It Must Have Been the Roses '' ( Hunter ) – 7:16
`` New Minglewood Blues '' ( traditional , arranged by Grateful Dead ) – 6:09
`` Ramble On Rose '' ( Garcia , Hunter ) – 8:34
`` Promised Land '' ( Chuck Berry ) – 4:37
`` Deal '' ( Garcia , Hunter ) – 6:26
Second set :
`` Samson and Delilah '' ( traditional , arranged by Grateful Dead ) – 7:44
`` Ship of Fools '' ( Garcia , Hunter ) – 7:29
Disc 2
`` Estimated Prophet '' > ( Bob Weir , John Barlow ) – 13:08
`` The Other One '' > ( Weir , Bill Kreutzmann ) – 8:51
`` Eyes of the World '' > ( Garcia , Hunter ) – 10:34
`` Rhythm Devils '' > ( Mickey Hart , Kreutzmann ) – 10:29
`` Space '' > ( Garcia , Phil Lesh , Weir ) – 5:03
`` Wharf Rat '' > ( Garcia , Hunter ) – 8:43
`` Franklin 's Tower '' > ( Garcia , Kreutzmann , Hunter ) – 10:38
`` Sugar Magnolia '' ( Weir , Hunter ) – 9:31
Disc 3
Encore :
`` Terrapin Station '' > ( Garcia , Hunter ) – 10:54
`` One More Saturday Night '' ( Weir ) – 5:13
`` Werewolves of London '' ( LeRoy Marinell , Waddy Wachtel , Warren Zevon ) – 6:44
Personnel
Grateful Dead
Jerry Garcia – guitar , vocals
Donna Jean Godchaux – vocals
Keith Godchaux – keyboards , vocals
Mickey Hart – drums
Bill Kreutzmann – drums
Phil Lesh – bass
Bob Weir – guitar , vocals
Production
Produced by Grateful Dead
Produced for release by David Lemieux
Executive producer : Mark Pinkus
Associate producers : Doran Tyson , Ivette Ramos
Rhino legal : Patti Coleman
Recording : Betty Cantor-Jackson
Tape restoration : Rob Eaton
Mastering : Jeffrey Norman
Tape-to-digital transfer : John K. Chester , Jamie Howarth
Art direction , design : Steve Vance , Doran Tyson
Artwork : Paul Pope
Photos : Keith Stieduhar
Tape research : Michael Wesley Johnson
Archival research : Nicholas Meriwether
Liner notes : David Lemieux
Charts
References
Grateful Dead live albums
2016 live albums
Rhino Entertainment live albums
Eupselia aristonica is a species of moth of the family Depressariidae . It is found in Australia , where it has been recorded from New South Wales , the Australian Capital Territory , Victoria and Tasmania .
The wingspan is about 15 mm . The forewings are very dark fuscous , almost black with a square white spot on the inner-margin near the base , anteriorly somewhat suffused , its upper anterior angle connected with two short suffused white streaks , one running to the centre of the base , the other to the costa near the base , followed by a few scattered whitish scales . There is a small rectangular white spot on the middle of the costa , divided into two by a transverse dark fuscous line , each half giving rise to a leaden-blue metallic line , proceeding parallel directly across the wing . There is a leaden-blue metallic spot before them on the inner-margin and a leaden-blue metallic line from the middle of the disc immediately beyond them to the anal angle , interrupted beneath its apex . Beyond this line are thickly strewn very fine longitudinal whitish hair-scales and there is a very small white spot on the costa before the apex , giving rise to a short outwardly oblique leaden-metallic line , and with a small leaden-metallic spot beneath it . The extreme apex is ochreous-orange and there are four circular black spots on the lower half of hind-margin , surrounded by a few pale ochreous scales , the uppermost spot small . A violet-metallic line is found along the hind-margin on the base of the cilia , the rest of the cilia is dark fuscous . The hindwings are blackish-fuscous .
The larvae are thought to feed on the foliage of Eucalyptus species .
References
External links
Taxonomy
Eupselia
Moths of Australia
Moths described in 1880
Taxa named by Edward Meyrick
James Walker Hood ( May 30 , 1831 – October 30 , 1918 ) was an African Methodist Episcopal Zion Church ( AME Zion ) bishop in North Carolina from 1872 to 1916 . Before the Emancipation Proclamation , he was an active abolitionist , and during the American Civil War he went to New Bern , North Carolina where he preached for the church to the black people and soldiers in the area . He was very successful and became an important religious and political leader in North Carolina , becoming `` one of the most significant and crucial African American religious and race leaders during the nineteenth and early twentieth centuries '' . By 1887 he had founded over six hundred churches in Virginia , North Carolina , and South Carolina and erected about five hundred church buildings . He was politically and religiously active as well , supporting education , civil rights , and the ordination of women .
Early life
James Walker Hood was born in Kennett township , Chester County , Pennsylvania on May 30 , 1831 to Harriet and Levi Hood and had eleven siblings . Hood fought for his right to ride public transport from boyhood . Between 1848 and 1863 , he noted that conductors on the Pennsylvania railroads many times tried to remove him from the first class cars , but rarely succeeded . He also actively spoke against slavery . Hood was first licensed to preach around 1852 , and in 1855 , Hood moved to New York City and in 1856 was licensed to preach in a branch of the Union Church of Africans in the city .
In 1860 he was ordained deacon in the AME Zion church and sent to the Nova Scotia mission in Halifax . In 1863 he was stationed at Bridgeport , Connecticut , and after six months was appointed missionary by Bishop J. J. Clinton sent to North Carolina to replace another missionary , John Williams , who was not prompt enough in travelling south due to safety issues . Hood arrived in Washington , DC by January 1 , 1864 , and reached New Bern on January 20 .
Move to North Carolina
Clinton 's sending of missionaries to North Carolina was at the general invitation to churches for missionaries to his department by General Butler who was in charge of the area at that point in the US Civil War ( 1861–1865 ) . Black soldiers stationed at New Bern at that time did not have a chaplain , and Hood often preached to the troops . His position was informal and he never held a commission , but he was called `` chaplain '' . Hood was present for attacks on New Bern by Confederate troops before the war ended although not under direct fire . In New Bern , Hood preached at the Andrews Chapel and largely succeeded to make his church the primary church of blacks in the area .
Hood was active in political and social movements as well . In October 1865 in Raleigh , North Carolina , Hood was elected president at what may have been the first convention of colored people held in the South , part of the Colored Conventions Movement . In 1867 he was a delegate at the Constitutional Convention of North Carolina and played such a major part that some opponents called the resulting constitution , `` Hood 's Constitution '' . The document was amended in 1875 and many of the provisions Hood fought to include were weakened or removed . His influence was heavily felt in the provision of rights for blacks in homestead law and at public school . He was very active in securing support for the constitution as well . In 1868 , he was made a commissioner for the states public schools and assistant superintendent of public instruction in North Carolina and held the positions for three years .
In 1868 , he demanded and obtained cabin passage on Cape Fear River steamships , thereby integrating the steamships on those rivers . The agents of the steamers claimed that they only allowed his action because the area was under military authority . However , Hood stated that his right was from God , and the steamships remained integrated after reconstruction ended . Remembering his earlier struggles riding Pennsylvania rail cars , he endeavored to assert his right to ride in otherwise white rail cars in the south as well .
His office in the school board were in Raleigh , while his primary church responsibilities were in Charlotte North Carolina , so he would travel to Charlotte on weekends three Sundays per month to preach . The remaining Sunday he would preach for Methodist and Baptist congregations in Raleigh , as there was not yet an AME Zion church in that city .
Before 1870 he received a commission from General Oliver O. Howard as assistant superintendent of schools in the Freedmen 's Bureau . In this role by 1870 he had established a department for schooling for the deaf , dumb , and blind in the Bureau . He also worked to create an integrated State University , but was not successful due to the opposition of Democrats in the state legislature after they gained control of that body in 1870 . He was a delegate to the 1872 Republican National Convention and temporary chairman of the Republican State convention in 1876 .
National and international prominence
He was elected bishop of the General Conference at its session in North Carolina on July 1 , 1872 and served until 1916 . He was elected a member of the Ecumenical Conference in London in 1881 , and was president of that body in 1891 when it met in Washington DC . He presided over the first day of the centennial gathering of the Methodist Church in 1885 in Baltimore .
As a conservative Bishop , he was not without critics , including progressives within the church such as John W. Smith , John J. Smyer , Alexander Walters , and especially Henry McNeal Turner . However , he was strongly supported in North Carolina and beyond . He published a volume of sermons with an introduction by Atticus Green Haygood in 1884 entitled The Negro in the Christian Pulpit , which was the first collection of sermons published by an African American .
Other activities and social positions
He established Livingstone College in North Carolina in 1882 . He also established and contributed to journals associated with AME Zion church , Star of Zion newspaper and AMEZ Quarterly Review . He was a strong advocate against smoking and drinking , and supported the ordination of women . He worked to merge black Methodist churches , supported the 1898 Spanish–American War , and worked for civil rights .
He was a Master Mason , eventually becoming the Grand Master of the Most Worshipful Prince Hall Grand Lodge of Free and Accepted Masons , North Carolina Jurisdiction , and later was a founder of the King Solomon Lodge , affiliated with Prince Hall Masons and the first order of Masons among blacks in North Carolina .
Family life and death
He married three times . In about 1853 he married Hannah L Ralph , who died of consumption in 1855 . In about 1858 he married Sophia J. Nugent of Washington City . They had four children . and Sophia died September 13 , 1875 . In June , 1877 he married Keziah P. McKoy . They had three children . His six children who survived infancy were Gertrude C. ( Miller ) , Lillian A . ( McCallum ) , Margaret J . ( Banks ) , Maude E. , Joseph Jackson , and James Walker , Jr. Keziah served for some years as president and secretary of Zion 's Women 's Home and Foreign Missionary Society and published a column in Star of Zion .
On October 30 , 1918 , James Walker Hood died in Fayetteville , North Carolina .
Bibliography
Hood , James Walker . The Negro in the Christian Pulpit , Or , The Two Characters and Two Destinies : As Delineated in Twenty-one Practical Sermons . Edwards , Broughton , 1884 .
Hood , James Walker . One Hundred Years of the African Methodist Episcopal Zion Church : Or , The Centennial of African Methodism . AME Zion Book Concern , 1895 .
Hood , James Walker . The Plan of the Apocalypse . P. Anstadt & Sons , 1900 .
See also
African American officeholders during and following the Reconstruction era
References
Further reading
Martin , Sandy Dwayne . For God and Race : The Religious and Political Leadership of AMEZ Bishop James Walker Hood . Univ of South Carolina Press , 1999 .
External links
1831 births
North Carolina Republicans
People from Chester County , Pennsylvania
People from New Bern , North Carolina
American civil rights activists
African Methodist Episcopal Zion Church bishops
1918 deaths
20th-century African-American people
Brittany Fawne Mayweather ( née Rogers ; born October 18 , 1986 ) is an African-American , former collegiate four-time All-American , left-handed hitting softball player , originally from Dacula , Georgia .
Playing career
She was a star outfielder for the Alabama Crimson Tide softball team in the Southeastern Conference from 2006 to 2009 . Following her freshman year , she was named SEC Freshman of the Year . Rogers is considered one of the best outfielders in NCAA softball history . Rogers became only the second player in Alabama history to hit over .400 in three seasons . She became one of the elite player in NCAA history and the second at Alabama to hit .400 , tally over 300 hits , 200 runs and 100 stolen bases . Rogers holds the Alabama record for stolen bases with 198 and ranks second all-time with a .417 career batting average , 343 hits and 256 runs .
After graduating from Alabama , Rogers turned down offers to play pro softball in order to be a fourth grade teacher .
Statistics
References
External links
1986 births
Living people
People from Dacula , Georgia
Sportspeople from the Atlanta metropolitan area
Softball players from Georgia ( U.S. state )
Alabama Crimson Tide softball players
Standish Hartstonge may refer to :
Sir Standish Hartstonge , 1st Baronet ( 1627–1701 ) , English-born Irish judge ; MP for Limerick City ( 1661–66 )
Standish Hartstonge ( Kilkenny City MP ) ( 1656–1704 ) , MP for Kilkenny City ( 1695–1704 ) ; son of the 1st baronet and uncle of the 2nd baronet
Sir Standish Hartstonge , 2nd Baronet ( c. 1671/1673 – 1751 ) , MP for Kilmallock ( 1695–1703 ) Ratoath ( 1703–13 ) Irishtown ( 1713–27 )
The women 's 400 metres event at the 1994 Commonwealth Games was held at the Centennial Stadium in Victoria , British Columbia .
Medalists
Results
Heats
Semifinals
Final
References
400
1994
1994 in women 's athletics
NGC 1210 is a barred lenticular galaxy located in the constellation Fornax , about 179 million light-years from the Milky Way . It was discovered by the American astronomer Ormond Stone in 1885 .
See also
List of NGC objects ( 1001–2000 )
References
1210
Barred lenticular galaxies
Shell galaxies
Fornax ( constellation )
011666
John Pierson , known also by the stage name Jughead and by the pseudonym Ian Pierce , is an American musician , writer , and owner of a theater company .
Biography
In 1986 , Pierson and Ben Weasel co-founded the punk rock band Screeching Weasel in Chicago , Illinois . Pierson played guitar for the band until 2006 .
In 2002 , Pierson formed the acoustic pop-punk band Even in Blackouts , with which he has recorded four albums and one EP and toured several times .
Pierson is also a playwright and novelist , usually writing under the name Ian Pierce . He formed a theater production company , Hope And Nonthings , in 1990 and produced ten plays before joining the Neo-Futurists ; he has been performing in their long-running show Too Much Light Makes the Baby Go Blind since 1996 .
His semi-fictitious Weasels in a Box ( 2005 ) is a novelization of Screeching Weasel 's history . His last novel , Last Temptation of Clarence Odbody , appeared in October 2011 .
References
External links
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
American punk rock guitarists
Guitarists from Chicago
American male guitarists
Screeching Weasel members
Kenny `` The Glove '' McEntyre ( born December 12 , 1970 ) is a former arena football defensive back . He played college football at Kansas State .
McEntyre played for the Indianapolis Colts , Pittsburgh Steelers , Kansas City Chiefs of the National Football League , the Frankfurt Galaxy and London Monarchs of NFL Europa , and Kansas City Brigade .
High school years
McEntyre attended Plano East Senior High School in Plano , Texas and was a letterman in football . In football , he was an All-District and an All-Metro honoree .
College years
McEntyre originally attended Cloud County Community College , where he played basketball , but not football . He then signed a basketball scholarship at Kansas State . He played in 11 games for the Wildcats during the 1992–1993 basketball season . While at Kansas State , he played just two seasons of football and one of basketball . He recorded 118 career tackles with four interceptions , a forced fumble , a fumble recovery and six pass defenses . He was also the co-MVP of the 1993 Copper Bowl after Kansas State 's 52–17 win over Wyoming . While at Kansas State , he majored in business .
Professional career
National Football League / NFL Europe ( 1994–1998 )
McEntryed was unselected in the 1994 NFL Draft , however he attended training camps with the Indianapolis Colts and then the Pittsburgh Steelers in 1994 where he spent time on the team 's practice squad and Kansas City Chiefs in 1996 and 1997 .
McEntyre played for the London Monarchs of NFL Europe , from 1995 to 1997 . He then went on to play for the Frankfurt Galaxy in 1998 . He led the league in interceptions with five in 1996 , returning one 66 yards for a touchdown . His 128 interception return yards also led league .
Arena Football League
Orlando Predators ( 1998–2006 )
In January 1998 , McEntyre signed with the Orlando Predators of the Arena Football League and was placed on the exempt list ( NFL Europe ) . He was placed on the refused to report list in June 1998 , and was activated on July 28 , 1998 , and played in just one regular season game , in which he recorded one tackle and one pass defensed while limiting Florida Bobcats wide receiver Bernard Holmes to just two catches for 11 yards . In just his second career game , a quarterfile playoff game against the Nashville Kats , he intercepted two passes in the end zone and knocked down two others while recording five tackles in the Predators 58–43 win . He recorded four tackles , two pass defenses and an interception in the 62–31 win in ArenaBowl XII .
In 1999 , McEntyre led the league in interceptions with seven , yet was left off both the First and Second All-Arena teams . He also recorded 15 passes defensed and 62.5 tackles . He set an AFL record by returning three interceptions for touchdowns in the regular season and added a fourth in the first round win at top-seeded the Tampa Bay Storm . He led the team with six total tackles in a semifinal win over the second-seeded Iowa Barnstormers . He led the team with eight total tackles in an ArenaBowl XIII loss to the Albany Firebirds , but did record his third interception of the post-season .
In 2000 , McEntyre recorded 11 interceptions and 16 passes defensed and earned First-team All-Arena and `` Arena Defensive Player of the Year '' honors . He also recorded 50.5 total tackles . Eight of his interceptions came in the first seven games as Orlando started out 7–0 . He recorded a career-high three interceptions during a road win over the Kats in Week 6 .
In 2001 , McEntyre earned First-team All-Arena and Arena Football League Defensive Player of the Year honors by recording 10 interceptions , 21 passes defensed and 52 total tackles .
In 2002 , McEntyre earned First-team All-Arena honors . He wasl also nominated for Defensive Player of Year for the third consecutive year ( won in 2001 and 2000 ) . He recorded 61 tackles with eight interceptions and 21 passes defensed on regular season .
In 2003 , McEntyre earned First-team All-Arena honors , for the fourth consecutive year , after he scored six touchdowns during the season ( including playoffs ) , returning three interceptions , two on-side kicks and recovering a fumble in the end zone for touchdowns . He finished the season with a team-leading 89.5 tackles , 10 interceptions , 19 passes defensed , and two fumble recoveries .
In 2004 , McEntyre was named to the First-team All-Arena and `` AFL Defensive Player of the Year '' , for a third time . He played in all 16 regular season games , recording 85.5 tackles , nine interceptions , 11 passes defensed , and a career-high four fumble recoveries .
In 2005 , McEntyre played in 14 regular season games , leading the team in tackles with 57 , interceptions with five and passes defenses with 13 . He was named First-team All-Arena for the sixth consecutive season , tying Barry Wagner for most consecutive appearances in league history .
He recorded his 55th career interception in a Week 2 road win at Arizona Rattlers . He earned Defensive Player of Game and ADT Defensive Player of Week honors against the New Orleans VooDoo in Week 7 , after recording two interceptions and two of passes defensed along with six tackles in a predator win . He was selected as the Defensive Player of Game for second time in three weeks after recording seven tackles , two passes defensed , a forced fumble and fumble recovery against the Austin Wranglers in Week 9 . He earned Defensive Player of Game , once again with four tackles as Predators shut down New Orleans potent passing attack for second time this year .
In 2006 , McEntyre played in 16 games and recorded 63 tackles , 16 passes defensed , three forced fumbles , three fumble recoveries , and four interceptions . During Week 13 against the Storm , he recorded 4.5 tackles with season-high three passes defensed , he also intercepted a fourth quarter pass and returned it for a touchdown . The 15th defensive touchdown of his career .
Kansas City Brigade ( 2007 )
On June 30 , 2006 , McEntyre signed with the Kansas City Brigade . In 2007 , he set a career-high in assisted tackles with 37 . He was named Defensive Player of the Game three times , and AFL Player of the Week after his performance in Week 1 against Chicago . He set Brigade single-season records with nine interceptions , returning three for touchdowns . He also tied his career-high in multiple interception games with three . He tied the all-time postseason interceptions record by recording his 12th during the June 30 Wild Card Playoff game . He finished the season second on the team in tackles with 59.5 .
Orlando Predators ( 2008–2011 )
In October 2007 , McEntyre was traded from the Brigade back to the Predators .
In 2008 , McEntyre played in all 16 regular season games , and recorded 49 tackles , 8 interceptions , 7 passes defensed , two forced fumbles , and four touchdowns . During Week 7 at the Grand Rapids Rampage he recorded the 75th interception of his career and returned it for a four-yard touchdown . Later in the season during Week 14 against the Rattlers , recorded the 80th and 81st interceptions of his career .
On July 30 , 2011 , McEntyre played his last game in his career . It was a 63–48 loss to the Jacksonville Sharks in the first round of the playoffs . He finishes his historic career with 96 regular season interceptions and 13 post-season interceptions .
Non-playing career
McEntyre initially began his coaching career on June 8 , 2010 , when he was named head coach of the Orlando Fantasy in the Lingerie Football League , a women 's football league . However , he never coached a game for the team as he was replaced by the Predators ' assistant coach Doug Miller before the 2010–11 season .
In 2019 , he was a part of the ownership group that acquired the trademarks for his former AFL Predators team and relaunched the Orlando Predators in the National Arena League ( NAL ) . During the team 's first season , players claimed the team was poorly operated including failed payments and evictions from team housing . Prior to the team 's second season , he was removed by the league from the ownership of the Predators .
Personal
He is an avid golfer , as well as being self-taught , he regularly shoots in the mid to low 80 's . He organized a golf tournament to raise funds for hurricane victims in October 2005 . The efforts in the Golf for the Gulf Tournament raised nearly $ 10,000 for hurricane relief efforts . He also participated in a school supply collection drive for underprivileged kids , worked with his wife on a Christmas project to collect toys for kids , was a member of the AFL Army Boot Camp – which paid visits to area high schools to teach importance of education , teamwork and physical fitness , visited schools as part of Orange County Career Day and served meals to homeless at Salvation over Thanksgiving as part of an off-season full of community relations activities .
He is also married to his wife , Sharisse , and the couple reside in Orlando , Florida during the off-season .
McEntyre is nicknamed `` The Glove '' for his ability to tightly cover receivers .
References
External links
Kansas City Brigade player page
Stats at ArenaFan.com
Profile at NFL.com
Profile at CBSSports.com
1970 births
Living people
People from Dallas
American football defensive backs
London Monarchs players
Frankfurt Galaxy players
Orlando Predators players
Kansas City Brigade players
Kansas State Wildcats football players
Kansas State Wildcats men 's basketball players
American men 's basketball players
Pittsburgh Steelers players
, also known by the names , and , was a Japanese film and television director , producer , and screenwriter .
Early life
Iijima was born on September 3 , 1932 , in Tokyo Prefecture . After graduating from Tokyo Metropolitan Koishikawa Secondary Education School , he entered the Faculty of Letters at Keio University because he was interested in the playwright Michio Kato . At that time , Kato was teaching at the Department of Japanese Literature , Faculty of Letters at the university , but committed suicide the next year . He chose the Department of English because he lost the significance of advancing to the Department of Japanese Literature .
Filmography
Director
Ultra Q ( 1966 )
Ultraman ( 1966 )
Return of Ultraman ( 1971 )
Daigoro vs. Goliath ( 1972 )
Ultraman Cosmos : The First Contact ( 2001 )
Homecoming ( 2011 )
Producer
My Son ! My Son ! ( 1979 )
24 Eyes ( 1987 )
Screenwriter
Daigoro vs. Goliath ( 1972 ) [ as Kitao Senzoku ]
Ultraman Cosmos : The First Contact ( 2001 ) [ as Kitao Senzoku ]
Homecoming ( 2011 ) [ as Kitao Senzoku ]
References
External links
1932 births
2021 deaths
Japanese film directors
Japanese television directors
Japanese screenwriters
Japanese film producers
People from Tokyo
Difluoroethane may refer to :
1,1-Difluoroethane
1,2-Difluoroethane
See also
Difluoroethene
Dichloroethane
Ludwin Van Nieuwenhuyze ( born 25 February 1978 in Waregem ) is a Belgian professional football player . He is a defensive midfielder who currently plays for K.S.V . Oudenaarde .
Before turning professional , Van Nieuwenhuyze was active in the construction sector . When Van Nieuwenhuyze won the Belgian Cup with Zulte Waregem in 2005–06 , he and several other teammates were still not professional footballers .
Honours
Zulte Waregem
Belgian Cup : 2005–06
References
External links
Ludwin Van Nieuwenhuyze player info at the official SV Zulte Waregem website
1978 births
Living people
Belgian footballers
Association football midfielders
S.V . Zulte Waregem players
Belgian First Division A players
People from Waregem
K.R.C . Zuid-West-Vlaanderen players
Footballers from West Flanders
Grand County is a county located in the U.S. state of Colorado . As of the 2020 census , the population was 15,717 . The county seat is Hot Sulphur Springs .
History
When Grand County was created February 2 , 1874 it was carved out of Summit County and contained land to the western and northern borders of the state , which is in present-day Moffat County and Routt County . It was named after Grand Lake and the Grand River , an old name for the upper Colorado River , which has its headwaters in the county . On January 29 , 1877 , Routt County was created and Grand County shrunk down to its current western boundary . When valuable minerals were found in North Park , Grand County claimed the area as part of its county , a claim Larimer County also held . It took a decision by the Colorado Supreme Court in 1886 to declare North Park part of Larimer County , setting Grand County 's northern boundary .
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 1.2 % ) is water .
Adjacent counties
Larimer County - northeast
Gilpin County - east
Boulder County - east
Clear Creek County - southeast
Summit County - south
Eagle County - southwest
Jackson County - north
Routt County - west
Major Highways
U.S. Highway 34
U.S. Highway 40
State Highway 9
State Highway 125
State Highway 134
National protected areas
Arapaho National Forest
Arapaho National Recreation Area
Byers Peak Wilderness
Continental Divide National Scenic Trail
Indian Peaks Wilderness
Never Summer Wilderness
Ptarmigan Peak Wilderness
Rocky Mountain National Park
Routt National Forest
Sarvis Creek Wilderness
Vasquez Peak Wilderness
Bicycle routes
Great Parks Bicycle Route
TransAmerica Trail Bicycle Route
Scenic byways
Colorado River Headwaters National Scenic Byway
Trail Ridge Road/Beaver Meadow National Scenic Byway
Demographics
At the 2000 census there were 12,442 people in 5,075 households , including 3,217 families , in the county . The population density was 7 people per square mile ( 3/km2 ) . There were 10,894 housing units at an average density of 6 per square mile ( 2/km2 ) . The racial makeup of the county was 95.15 % White , 0.48 % Black or African American , 0.43 % Native American , 0.68 % Asian , 0.10 % Pacific Islander , 2.00 % from other races , and 1.15 % from two or more races . 4.36 % of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race . 23.8 % were of German , 12.6 % Irish , 10.0 % English and 7.3 % American ancestry .
Of the 5,075 households 28.10 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 54.70 % were married couples living together , 5.20 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 36.60 % were non-families . 24.80 % of households were one person and 4.80 % were one person aged 65 or older . The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 2.85 .
The age distribution was 21.80 % under the age of 18 , 9.00 % from 18 to 24 , 34.70 % from 25 to 44 , 26.80 % from 45 to 64 , and 7.80 % 65 or older . The median age was 37 years . For every 100 females there were 112.70 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 115.70 males .
The median household income was $ 47,759 and the median family income was $ 55,217 . Males had a median income of $ 34,861 versus $ 26,445 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 25,198 . About 5.40 % of families and 7.30 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 7.90 % of those under age 18 and 6.10 % of those age 65 or over .
Politics
Communities
Towns
Fraser
Granby
Grand Lake
Hot Sulphur Springs
Kremmling
Winter Park
Census-designated places
Parshall
Tabernash
Other
Radium
See also
List of counties in Colorado
Saratoga County , Jefferson Territory
National Register of Historic Places listings in Grand County , Colorado
References
External links
Arapaho National Recreation Area website
Colorado County Evolution by Don Stanwyck
Colorado Historical Society
Grand County Library District website
Grand County News website
Grand County Tourism Board website
Town of Hot Sulphur Springs website
Rocky Mountain National Park website
Winter Park and Fraser Valley Chamber of Commerce website
Grand Lake Chamber of Commerce homepage
WorkInGrand Portal
Colorado counties
1874 establishments in Colorado Territory
Populated places established in 1874
John Baer is a Professor of Educational Psychology at Rider University in New Jersey . He earned his B.A . from Yale University ( double major , psychology and Japanese Studies , magna cum laude ) and his Ph.D. in cognitive and developmental psychology from Rutgers University .
His research on the development of creativity and his teaching have won national awards , including the American Psychological Association 's Berlyne Prize and the National Conference on College Teaching and Learning 's Award for Innovative Excellence . His primary research focus is the domain specificity of creativity , which argues that creativity is not a general set of skills but rather that creative-thinking skills vary by domain , making creativity in one domain not predictive of creativity in other domains . He developed the Amusement Park Theory of creativity ( with James C. Kaufman )
His books include There 's No Such Thing as Creativity : How Plato and 20th Century Psychology Have Misled Us ( Cambridge University Press , 2022 ) , Domain Specificity of Creativity ( Academic Press/Elsevier ; 2016 ) , Teaching for Creativity in the Common Core Classroom ( with R. A. Beghetto & James C. Kaufman ; Teachers College Press , 2015 ) , Being Creative Inside and Outside the Classroom ( with James C. Kaufman ; Sense Publishers , 2003 ) , Creativity and Divergent Thinking : A Task-Specific Approach ( Erlbaum , 1993 ) , Creative Teachers , Creative Students ( Allyn and Bacon , 1997 ) , Creativity Across Domains : Faces of the Muse ( with James C. Kaufman ; Erlbaum , 2005 ) , Reason and Creativity in Development ( with James C. Kaufman ; Cambridge University Press , 2008 ) ; Are We Free ? Psychology and Free Will ( with James C. Kaufman & Roy Baumeister ; Oxford University Press , 2005 ) , Essentials of Creativity Assessment ( with James C. Kaufman and Jonathan A. Plucker ; Wiley , 2008 ) , and Creatively Gifted Students Are Not Like Other Gifted Students ( with K. H. Kim , James C. Kaufman , & B. Sriraman ; Sense Publishers , 2013 ) . He also collaborated with A. J. Lemaster in the development of the modern shorthand program SuperWrite .
He is a Fellow of the American Psychological Association , and he has received research grants from the National Science Foundation , the Educational Testing Service , the National Center for Educational Statistics , the Carnegie Foundation , and Yale , Rutgers , and Rider Universities . He serves on the editorial boards of the Psychology of Aesthetics , Creativity , and the Arts ; the Journal of Creative Behavior ; and the International Journal of Creativity and Problem-Solving .
References
External links
personal website at Rider
Yale College alumni
Rutgers University alumni
Rider University faculty
Fellows of the American Psychological Association
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
American psychologists
Educational psychologists
The Lindsay String Quartet ( or The Lindsays ) was a British string quartet from 1965 to 2005 .
History
The quartet first performed at the Royal Academy of Music in 1965 to compete for a prize and set out to make the string quartets of Bartók and Beethoven the centre of their repertoire . In 1967 , the quartet was appointed to be Leverhulme Scholars at Keele University , and in 1970 , it changed its name from the Cropper to the Lindsay String Quartet , naming itself after Lord Lindsay , the founder of Keele University . 1971 brought a change in second violin to Ronald Birks . The quartet gained a Gramophone Award for the Late Beethoven Quartets in 1984 . Roger Bigley left the quartet in 1985 to be replaced by Robin Ireland . Bigley then became assistant principal viola of the BBC Philharmonic orchestra before becoming assistant head of strings at the RNCM .
In 1974 , they became Quartet-in-Residence at Sheffield University and five years later held a similar position at Manchester University , where they performed a regular concert season , directed seminars , and coached chamber ensembles . The quartet presented festivals each year at the Studio Theatre in the Crucible Theatre , Sheffield , which featured many famous local and international musicians , and travelled widely throughout the world .
In 2005 , after 39 years , the quartet announced their intended retirement the following year . They then performed a very successful series of farewell concerts throughout the world , culminating in four final concerts in their home town of Sheffield in July 2005 . Individual members afterwards pursued separate musical ideas .
The quartet have produced an extensive list of recordings , including a highly acclaimed Beethoven cycle , and substantial parts of the Haydn , Mozart , Schubert and Dvorak repertoires .
In 2019 , a book titled A Quintessential Quartet : The Story of the Lindsay String Quartet was written by Bernard Gregor-Smith , one of the founding members of the Lindsay String Quartet .
Leader Peter Cropper ( 19 November 1945 – 29 May 2015 ) was the founding Artistic Director of Music in the Round , a charitable organisation he founded in the 1980s , that promotes chamber music concerts in Sheffield and nationally . The Lindsays formed the core of Music in the Round 's activity for over twenty years , until their retirement . Cropper died suddenly in 2015 aged 69 .
Members
Peter Cropper ( first violin )
Michael Adamson ( second violin , 196571 )
Ronald Birks ( second violin , 19712005 )
Roger Bigley ( viola , 196585 )
Robin Ireland ( viola , 19852005 )
Bernard Gregor-Smith ( cello )
Awards
Gramophone Award - 1984
Honorary Doctorate - Keele University , 1986
Honorary Doctorate - Sheffield Hallam University , 1990
Honorary Doctorate - University of Leicester , 1998
Honorary Doctorate - University of Sheffield , 2001
Honorary Doctorate - University of Manchester , 2005
Books
A Quintessential Quartet : The Story of the Lindsay String Quartet written by Bernard Gregor-Smith
Art
The Lindsay String Quartet ( Peter Cropper ; Ronald Birks ; Robin Ireland ; Bernard Gregor-Smith ) Hanging in The National Portrait Gallery , London , United Kingdom | by György Gordon | oil on canvas , 2003 | Primary Collection | NPG 6649
ASV Lindsay String Quartet discography
BEETHOVEN : String Quartets `` Rasumovsky '' No.7 , Nos.8 & 9 CD DCA 553 , 554
BEETHOVEN : String Quartets Nos.12-16 & Grosse Fuge CD DCA 601 , 602 , 603 & 604
BEETHOVEN : String Quartets ( The New Cycle ) :
Opus 18 , Nos . 1 , 2 & 3 CD DCA 1111
Opus 18 , Nos . 4/5 . Opus 14 . CD DCA 1112
Opus 18 , No . 6 . Quintet Op.29 . CD DCA 1113
Opus 59 , `` Razumovsky '' Nos . 1 & 3 CD DCA 1114
Opus 59 , No.2 and Opus 74 . CD DCA 1115
Opus 95 , Opus 127 . CD DCA 1116
Op.130 & Grosse Fuge Op.133 CD DCA 1117
Op.132 & Quintet Op.104 CD DCA 1118
Op.131 & Op.135 CD DCA 1119
BARTOK : String Quartets
Nos . 1 & 2 DCA 510
Nos . 3 & 4 DCA 509
Nos . 5 & 6 DCA 504
BORODIN :
String Quartets Nos . 1+2 , String Sextet ( with L. Williams , R. Wallfisch ) CD DCA 1143
BRAHMS / SCHUMANN :
Piano Quintets ( with P. Frankl ) CD DCA 728
MENDELSSOHN : String Quartet No . 6 & BRAHMS : String Quartet No . 2 CD QS 6173
HAYDN : The Seven Last Words CD DCA 853
HAYDN : String Quartets “ Sun ” Op.20 - Nos.1 , 3 & 4 CD DCA 1027
HAYDN : String Quartets “ Sun ” Op.20 - Nos.2 , 5 & 6 CD DCA 1057
HAYDN : String Quartets Op.33 - Nos.1 , 2 `` The Joke '' & 4 CD DCA 937
HAYDN : String Quartets Op.33 - Nos.3 `` The Bird '' ,5 & 6 CD DCA 938
HAYDN : The 3 String Quartets Op.54 `` Tost I '' CD DCA 582
HAYDN : The 3 String Quartets Op.55 CD DCA 906
HAYDN : The 3 String Quartets Op.64 ( part 1 ) CD DCA 1083
HAYDN : The 3 String Quartets Op.64 ( part 2 ) CD DCA 1084
HAYDN : The 3 String Quartets Op.76 ( part 1 ) CD DCA 1076
HAYDN : The 3 String Quartets Op.76 ( part 2 ) CD DCA 1077
Haydn : String Quartets Op.50 Nos . 1-3 CD GLD 4007
Haydn : String Quartets Op.50 Nos . 4-6 CD GLD 4008
Haydn : String Quartets Op.74 Nos . 1-3 CD GLD 40132
Hadyn : String Quartets Op.77 Nos . 1-2 , Op.42 , Op.103 CD GLD 40102
MOZART : Quartet K387 / String Quintet K516 CD DCA 923
MOZART : Quartet K458 `` The Hunt '' / Horn Quintet / Oboe Quartet CD DCA 968
MOZART : Quartet K428 / String Quintet K515 CD DCA 992
MOZART : Quartet K421 / String Quintet K593 CD DCA 1018
MOZART : Clarinet Quintet/String Quintet K464 CDDCA 1042
MOZART : Quartet K465 / String Quintet K614 CD DCA 1069
RAVEL & DEBUSSY : String Quartets / STRAVINSKY : 3 Pieces CD DCA 930
SCHUBERT : String Quintet ( with Douglas Cummings - cello ) CD DCA 537
SCHUBERT : String Quartets Nos.8 & 13 `` Rosamunde '' CD DCA 593
SCHUBERT : String Quartets Nos.12 & 14 `` Death and the Maiden '' CD DCA 560
SCHUBERT : String Quartet No.15 CD DCA 661
TIPPETT : String Quartet No.4 / BRITTEN : String Quartet No.3 CD DCA 608
`` THE BOHEMIANS ''
JANACEK : The 2 String Quartets `` Kreutzer Sonata '' & `` Intimate Letters '' / DVORAK : Cypresses CD DCA 749
SMETANA : The 2 String Quartets / DVORAK : Romance & 2 Waltzes CD DCA 777
DVORAK : String Quartets Nos.10 & 14 CD DCA 788
DVORAK : String Quartets Nos.12 `` The American '' & 13 CD DCA 797
DVORAK : Bagatelles / String Quintet `` The American '' CD DCA 806
DVORAK & MARTINU : Piano Quintets ( with Peter Frankl - piano ) CD DCA 889
References
Bigley , Roger ( 1981 ) . Beethoven String Quartets Op.59 'Razumovsky ' , CD liner notes . Academy Sound and Vision Ltd .
External links
Member links
Peter Cropper
Ronald Birks
Robin Ireland
Bernard Gregor-Smith
Tributes
Music in the Round 's Tribute to Peter Cropper
Music and videos
BBC Omnibus Episode , 1977
Beethoven String Quartet in B-flat major , Op . 130 - 5 . Cavatina
The Lindsays YouTube Channel
Musical groups established in 1965
Musical groups disestablished in 2005
English string quartets
1965 establishments in the United Kingdom
2005 disestablishments in the United Kingdom
WSMX is a broadcast radio station licensed to and serving Winston-Salem , North Carolina . WSMX is owned by Blue Ridge Broadcasting Corporation .
History
From its October 1964 sign-on until 1976 , this was a Country-Western station with the letters WKBX and a 10,000-watt directional signal shaped like a football . Stuart Epperson sold the station early in 1976 to Randolph Properties Inc. of Dallas , Texas , though general manager Curly Howard said no changes were planned . In July 1976 , it became WURL ( `` World '' ) , the first all-news radio station in the area . On November 3 , 1976 , Crash Williams said the news format would remain even after the demise of the NBC news service in mid-1977 . Later , the station began airing Christian programming , primarily for an African-American audience . The first general manager of the station when the format became African American , with a Contemporary Gospel music and talk format , was Jay Francis Springs , in 1982 , when the station was sold to Gospel Media . Other staff members were Leonard `` Tippy '' Calloway , Al Martin , Nancy Caree , Paul Johnson , Henry `` Leon '' Harper and Bea Swisher .
Early in 2014 , WSMX had a Spanish language format as `` Radio La Movidita '' .
Local businessman Jerry Holt was leasing WTOB in 2014 but lost the station and took over WSMX , which he had planned to switch to sports talk . In June 2014 , both stations made changes . The oldies and beach music on WTOB was moved to WSMX along with some DJs from WTOB . Holt said WSMX would play rock , country , R & B and other music from 1956 to 1978 , describing at as `` the music you grew up with '' , though younger people enjoyed the music too . Among those too young to remember the music when it was new was Aaron Gabriel , a DJ who moved to WSMX after a month on WTOB and hosted `` Midday Mojo '' with soul , funk , blues and Motown . Dickie Dean 's `` Afternoon Delight '' would follow Gabriel 's . WSMX would also air On the Beach with Charlie Brown .
Holt lost the lease on WSMX , and in May 2015 , the station was leased by Daniel Williard . IE “ Dancin Dan Curtis ” . Williard , who is also the lessee of WTOB , moved WSMX into the WTOB building at 3720 Reynolda Rd , and changed the format to 100 % Carolina Beach and Shag . Mike Harding , a member of the Association of Beach and Shag Club DeeJays , was named Program Director . Williard leased WTOB and WSMX until early 2016 .
In November 2015 , the classic hits format from WTOB moved to WSMX temporarily , while the oldies and beach format moved online . The WTOB format moved to WEGO December 18 .
Nancy A. Epperson and Stuart W. Epperson , Jr. later owned the station . The station returned to Spanish Christian programming until May 2017 . Then parent company Truth Broadcasting simulcasted with parent station WTRU for a short stint ; then on June 1 , WSMX started simulcasting sister station WSTS which plays Southern Gospel music .
Blue Ridge Broadcasting , owner of WMIT in Black Mountain , North Carolina , now owns the station . A translator W235CY broadcasts at 94.9 FM .
References
External links
FCC History Cards for WSMX
SMX ( AM )
Radio stations established in 1964
1964 establishments in North Carolina
SMX
Per Johan Vilhelm Pettersson ( 1814-1854 ) , was a Swedish ballet dancer . He was an elite member of first the Royal Swedish Ballet during the mid 19th-century , and a deputy ballet master .
Vilhelm Pettersson was reportedly from a poor background as the son of laborers . During his childhood , he was once asked to perform a simple extra role in a ballet performance , and liked it so much that he wished to become a dancer .
He became a student of the Royal Swedish Ballet in 1826 , premier student in 1834 , second-dancer in 1835 , and was a premier- and grotesque dancer in 1838-54 . During the 1830s , he was referred to as one of the male stars of the ballet alongside Anders Selinder , Per Christian Johansson and Carl Wilhelm Silfverberg . He was deputy Ballet Master of the Royal Ballet from 1846-1851 .
It was said of him :
`` Pettersson had quite long legs , which he displayed around him in his Grotesque dance with careless extravagance , and when he toured the countryside during the summer vacation with Edvard Stjernström and mrs Friebel , the Kalmar Newspaper announced that a new theater building should be erected to make more room for the pas de chasse of mr Pettersson and a smoother floor for the pretty little feet of the Sylphic Mrs Friebel . ''
Aside from his dance career , he is described as a self educated autodidact , and was offered an office as assistant numismatic expert at the Royal Swedish Academy of Letters , History and Antiquities in 1854 , shortly before he died of an illness .
References
Fredrik August Dahlgren : Förteckning öfver svenska skådespel uppförda på Stockholms theatrar 1737-1863 och Kongl . Theatrarnes personal 1773-1863 . Med flera anteckningar .
Nils Personne : Svenska teatern : några anteckningar 7 . Under Karl Johanstiden : 1835-1838
1814 births
1854 deaths
19th-century Swedish ballet dancers
Royal Swedish Ballet dancers
Reid Island ( ) is an island of the South Atlantic Ocean at the east side of the entrance to Iceberg Bay , along the south coast of Coronation Island in the South Orkney Islands . The name `` Reidholmen '' appears in this location for a small group of islands on a chart drawn by Captain Petter Sorlle in 1912–13 . Survey by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey ( FIDS ) in 1948–49 determined that only a single island exists .
See also
List of antarctic and sub-antarctic islands
Islands of the South Orkney Islands
Witold Wieliński ( born 26 June 1968 ) is a Polish actor . In 1991 he finished his studies in Warszawa .
Selected filmography
1992 - A Bachelor 's Life Abroad as Wacek
2004 - The Wedding as Gruby
2008 - Four Nights with Anna
2008 - Louise 's Garden
2009 - Pierwsza miłość as Sylwester Banaszkiewicz `` Medyk ''
2013 - Life Feels Good
2018 - Birds Are Singing in Kigali
External links
http : //www.filmweb.pl/person/Witold+Wieli % C5 % 84ski-48185
http : //www.filmpolski.pl/fp/index.php/1115417
Witold Wieliński at e-teatr.pl
1968 births
Living people
Polish male actors
Ribera del Júcar is a Spanish Denominación de Origen Protegida ( DOP ) for wines located in the province of Cuenca ( Castile-La Mancha , Spain ) along the banks of the River Júcar and covers 7 municipalities .
History
Grapes have been grown and wine produced in this area for centuries but DOP status was acquired only in 2003 , making Ribera de Júcar one of the youngest DOPs in Spain .
Climate
The climate is Mediterranean continental with sharp contrasts between summer and winter temperatures . The average temperature is 24°C in summer and 5°C in winter . Rainfall is sparse , around 350 mm/year .
Soil
The area covered by the DOP is located on a plateau of pebbly soil at an altitude of 750 m above sea level along the banks of the River Júcar . The drainage is good in that rainwater can penetrate through the top pebbly layer down to the clay subsoil where it is retained .
Grape varieties
The authorised varieties are :
Red : Cencibel / Tempranillo , Cabernet Sauvignon , Merlot , Syrah , Bobal , Petit Verdot , and Cabernet Franc
White : Moscatel de Grano Menudo , and Sauvignon Blanc
The maximum authorised production is 9,000 kg/ha for low bush vines and 10,000 kg/ha for vines on trellises . Around 40 % of the vines are over 20 years old .
References
External links
D.O.P . Ribera del Júcar official website
Wine regions of Spain
Ukrainian medical Lyceum at Bogomolets National Medical University ( UML NMU ) pursuant to its Charter ( License from Chief Administration of education and science in city Kyiv No 111098 , dd . 11.06.09 ) is the state 's secondary establishment of general education that provides with acquisition of education over state educational minimum , carries out pre-professional education of youth , prepares it to study at higher medical ( pharmaceutical ) school and to work at health care establishments as junior medical staff .
From history of Lyceum 's establishment
Ukrainian O.O . Bogomolets medical university ( now O.O . Bogomolets National medical university ) on 18 , April , 1990 opened the medical classes for the first time in ex-USSR and Ukraine at the initiative of academician in NAS , AMS and APS of Ukraine Ye.G . Goncharuk ; these classes in 1991 acquired the status of state medical lyceums on the base of Lesia Ukrainka classical gymnasium No 117 ( director – L.M . Boyko ) and natural lyceum No 157 ( director – V.I . Kostenko ) , which became the necessary component in construction of system for continuous medical education .
The uniform Ukrainian medical lyceum , which founders were O.O . Bogomolets National medical university and Starokyivska ( now Shevchenkivska ) district state administration in c. Kyiv , was established on 11 , June , 1997 with assistance from Ministry of education and science of Ukraine , Ministry of Health care of Ukraine , Kyiv city state administration .
The Guardian Council of lyceum by 2014 was headed by Hero of Ukraine , Councilor of President of Ukraine , People 's deputy of Ukraine from I-VI convocation , Chairman of Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine from I and III convocations , President of International P. Kulish Charitable Fund I.S . Pliusch .
Entrance to lyceum
Pupils from all regions of Ukraine , CIS countries and foreign citizens ( according to existing legislation of Ukraine ) , who have graduated from 8-9th classes at general education school and passed through competitive selection , are enrolled to lyceum .
The competitive selection is carried out pursuant to complex occupational tests ( Ukrainian language and literature , biology ) by Admission commission at O.O . Bogomolets National medical university .
The study period at Lyceum for pupils that enter after the 8th class is three years , for pupils , who enter after the 9th class – two years .
Achievements
Today Lyceum is a highly skilled scientific pedagogical collective that unites seven departments at O.O . Bogomolets National medical university ( medical and biological physics , biology , bioorganic , biological and pharmaceutical chemistry , medical and general chemistry , foreign language , Latin language , propaedeutics of internal medicine No 1 ) , medical gymnasium No 33 in c. Kyiv .
Lyceum teaches pursuant to state programs and has over 20 integrated author 's programs .
The educational process is provided by over 90 teachers , among them 67 teachers of the University ( 8 professors , 45 assistant professors and senior teachers , the rest of them are candidates of sciences ) and 23 teachers-Methodists . Among them there are 5 academicians and corresponding members of NAS , NAMS , NAPS of Ukraine , 10 Honorary scientists and technicians of Ukraine , Honorary doctors of Ukraine , Honorary educationalists of Ukraine , 4 laureates of State prize in the sphere of science and technology in Ukraine .
Scientific pedagogical schools of all-Ukrainian and European level were established and work at lyceum .
Special and elective courses : Medical psychology , Basics of business ethics and medical deontology , History of medicine , Vocational-oriented education of pupils to medical specialties , Bioethics , Latin and Old Greek language , Chinese language , Ecology , Basics of health and future professional medical activity .
During its existence Lyceum educated over 2,500 pupils , among them over 100 foreign citizens . Each tenth graduate from O.O . Bogomolets National medical university is a graduate from Lyceum . Among them 50 graduates from Lyceum are included into Golden honorary book of University , 360 persons defended Master 's , Candidate 's and Doctor 's dissertations in Ukraine , 45 graduates defended Master 's and Doctor 's dissertations ( PhD , MD ) in leading countries over the world .
Pre-professional training is carried out on the base of the best clinical and medical preventive health care establishments in city Kyiv .
Graduates from lyceum are awarded with qualification “ Junior hospital nurse on care for patients ” and received Certificates of established form .
For the first time among medical schools in Ukraine lyceum was awarded with the Great Silver Medal from International Pedagogical Academy ( Russia , c. Moscow , 2000 ) for achievements in the sphere of education , culture and science .
The educational establishment was awarded with the Honorary diploma from Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine , Cabinet of Ministers of Ukraine , Ministry of health care of Ukraine , Honorary Diploma from Ministry of education and science , youth and sport of Ukraine , Kyiv city state administration .
Lyceum was awarded with 20 Golden medal of International educational exhibitions and contests , according to National rating of Ukraine it was acknowledged as “ Flagman of science and education ” ( 2008 ) , Honorary title “ Leader in modern education ” ( 2009 ) .
Winners in all-Ukrainian Olympiads and contests , famous sportsmen , champions of Ukraine and Europe studied and continue studying at lyceum .
The confirmation for high level of quality in study at lyceum is the results from External independent assessment of quality in education . Among graduates from Lyceum ( 2008–2012 ) 19 persons received per 200 scores in Ukrainian language and literature , biology , chemistry , physics .
Lyceum has its own press organ – “ Herald of Ukrainian medical lyceum at O.O . Bogomolets National medical university ” .
Administration of lyceum
Deputy directors
Ivanenko Ruslana Valeriyivna – Candidate of Pedagogy , assistant professor , Outstanding worker of Ukraine , Laureate of P. Kulish and A.P . Romodanov prizes , awarded with Honorary diploma from Chairman of KCSA , Honorary diploma from MHC of Ukraine
Pereymybida Larysa Valentynivna – Candidate of Pedagogy , assistant professor , Outstanding worker of Ukraine , Laureate of P. Kulish and A.P . Romodanov prizes , awarded with Honorary diploma from Chairman of KCSA , Honorary diploma from MHC of Ukraine
Scientific activity
Lyceum is a member society in Minor academy of sciences of Ukraine since 1997 .
A.P . Romodanov scientific society of Lyceum pupils for the first time among general education establishment in 2001 was awarded with the highest decoration “ Golden Owl ” from Presidium in Minor academy of sciences of Ukraine , which was presented at the General meeting of the academy by Hero of Ukraine , President of NAS of Ukraine , academician B.Ye . Paton .
Since 2000 lyceum keeps the first place among general education establishments in city Kyiv due to results from scientific contests-presentations at Minor academy of sciences of Ukraine .
Lyceum is the Absolute winner in all-Ukrainian contest of scientific research works by pupils-members in MAS among 9-11th classes in city Kyiv . Ukrainian medical lyceum was announced as the Leader in implementation of new forms for organization of scientific research work among 9-11th classes from the high tribune of Presidium of Academy of sciences of Ukraine .
Every year graduates from lyceum become winners in III stage of all-Ukrainian contest-presentation of scientific research works by pupils-members in MAS of Ukraine and IV stage of all-Ukrainian pupils ' Olympiads .
International activity
Ukrainian medical lyceum is a member in foundation of UNESCO associated schools ( 2000 ) .
Lyceum has the international educational and scientific contacts , anticipated by bilateral agreements with over 30 foreign educational establishments in Europe and USA .
Lyceum is a partner of Institute of biophysics at RAS and experimental school-laboratory at APS of Russia ( Russia , c. Puschyno , 1997 ) , concluded Agreements about cooperation with department of biophysics at M.M . Lomonosov Moscow state university , P. Kulish gymnasium ( c. Borzna , Chernihiv region )
Clinical bases of lyceum
A.P . Romodanov Institute of neurosurgery at NAMS of Ukraine
Kyiv city clinical oncological center
Institute of cancer
Institute of endocrinology and metabolism at NAMS of Ukraine
Center of polytrauma , thoracal center ( KCCH No 17 )
R.Ye . Kavetskyy Institute of experimental pathology , oncology and radiobiology at NAS of Ukraine
Institute of pediatrics , obstetrics and gynecology at NAS of Ukraine
Center of pediatric surgery , microsurgery , toxicology and methods of efferent therapy , medical psychological ( Okhmatdyt )
Central clinical hospital of State border guard service of Ukraine ( department of propaedeutics of internal medicine No 1 at O.O . Bogomolets NMU )
Kyiv city clinical hospital No 18 ( department of pathomorphology at O.O . Bogomolets NMU )
Kyiv city psychiatric hospital , named after Pavlov
Oleksandrivska hospital
Medical schools in Ukraine
Baoringdao Bodo ( born 17 October 1999 ) is an Indian professional footballer who plays as a winger for I-League club TRAU .
He became India 's youngest player in history to play , upon making his senior debut in January 2017 . Born in Assam , Bodo represented the India under-19 team and captained the nation at under-17 level .
Early career
Born to a Dimasa Kachari family in the town of Haflong , Dima Hasao ,
Assam , Bodo started playing football at the age of 8 and then his father Mr. Jibon Bodo enrolled him at SAI Guwahati for better football training . In 2013 , Bodo was selected for India camp for under 14 . He joined AIFF Regional Academy in Kalyani , Kolkata under coach Gautam Ghosh . Bodo was the part of India U16 squad which has won the 2013 SAFF U-16 Championship and also AFC U16 Championship Qualifiers in 2014 . Bodo improved a lot then he was promoted to AIFF Elite Academy in Goa . There he has represented India U19 in I-League U18 , Subroto Cup and IFA Shield .
Club career
Chennaiyin
In May 2016 , Bodo along with four AIFF Elite Academy boys signed with former ISL Champions Chennaiyin FC on a long-term contract . Bodo became the youngest player to ever contracted with any ISL club .
Minerva Punjab ( Loan )
On 1 January 2017 , Minerva signed Bodo on loan from Chennaiyin FC for 2016-17 I-League season . On 21 January 2017 , Bodo made his league debut , coming-on as 46th-minute substitute for Kamalpreet Singh in an away match against Shillong Lajong at the Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium , Shillong . He made his first start for the club against Mumbai FC at the Guru Nanak Stadium in Ludhiana where he also scored for the club and become the Youngest player to ever score in I-League .
Kerala Blasters
On 23 January 2019 , Bodo made a permanent transfer to Kerala Blasters FC on a long-term deal .
Odisha FC
On 11 June 2020 , Bodo signed a two–year deal with Odisha FC .
International
Bodo first represented India at the under-14 level . He was part of the under-16 side that won the 2013 SAFF U-16 Championship and participated in the qualifiers for the AFC U-16 Championship . Bodo then went on to represent the under-19 side in the IFA Shield where he was adjudged MVP of the tournament and Top scorer of the tournament .
Style of play
Former AIFF Academy coach Gautam Ghosh has described Bodo as `` a really talented player with a bright footballing brain '' who has the versatility to play as a winger on either flank , as a playmaker or as a striker . Bodo has been praised for his aerial ability , creativity , and bursts of acceleration . He has been referred to as a Neymar and has also been called the Indian Neymar Jr. by mainly Indian media .
Career statistics
Club
Honours
International
India
SAFF U-16 Championship : 2013
Club
AIFF Elite Academy
I-League U18 : 2015–16
Chennaiyin FC
Indian Super League : 2017–18
Individual
IFA Shield MVP : 2016
IFA Shield Top Scorer : 2016
References
External links
1999 births
Living people
People from Dima Hasao district
Indian footballers
Chennaiyin FC players
RoundGlass Punjab FC players
Association football midfielders
Footballers from Assam
Indian Super League players
India youth international footballers
Kerala Blasters FC players
AIFF Elite Academy players
I-League players
Gokulam Kerala FC players
I-League 2nd Division players
FC Bengaluru United players
Odisha FC players
Kerala Blasters FC Reserves and Academy players
TRAU FC players
The 1988–89 Boise State Broncos men 's basketball team represented Boise State University during the 1988–89 NCAA Division I men 's basketball season . The Broncos were led by sixth-year head coach Bobby Dye and played their home games on campus at the BSU Pavilion in Boise , Idaho .
They finished the regular season at with a record in the Big Sky Conference , tied for first in the standings with rival Idaho . In the conference tournament at home in Boise , the top-seeded Broncos again received a bye into the semifinals and defeated Weber State by eleven points . They met second-seeded Idaho in the final and fell by seven .
With the NCAA tournament on their home floor , BSU was invited to the National Invitation Tournament ( NIT ) , and traveled to Stillwater , Oklahoma , where they lost by fourteen points to the Oklahoma State Cowboys of the Big Eight Conference .
The Broncos were led on the court by senior guard Chris Childs , who went on to a lengthy professional career , ending with nine years
Postseason results
|-
! colspan=6 style=| Big Sky Tournament
|-
! colspan=6 style=| National Invitation Tournament
References
External links
Sports Reference – Boise State Broncos – 1988–89 basketball season
Boise State Broncos men 's basketball seasons
Boise State
Boise State
Boise State
Ben Jongejan ( born 9 January 1985 ) is a Dutch long track speed skater who participates in international competitions .
Personal records
Career highlights
European Allround Championships
2008 - Kolomna , 6th
National Championships
2007- Groningen , allround
2010 - Heerenveen , 5th allround
External links
Jongejan at Jakub Majerski 's Speedskating Database
Jongejan at SkateResults.com
1985 births
Living people
Dutch male speed skaters
People from Leidschendam
Speed skaters at the 2007 Winter Universiade
Dutch speed skating coaches
Dutch sports coaches
Sportspeople from South Holland
Saint Sillan ( or Sillian ) ( ; ) ( died 608 or 610 ) was early Irish saint and abbot of Bangor Abbey , Bangor , County Down . He was recorded as being a disciple and second or third successor of Saint Comgall , who was the founder and first abbot of the Benedictine monastery at Bangor . The village of Kilsheelan , County Tipperary is named after him . His Irish name is Sioláin which can translate to either `` seed-basket '' or `` cullender/sieve '' .
He is recorded in both the Annals of Tigernach and Annals of Ulster as abbot Bennchor ( Bangor ) , in the former as Sillán moccu Cumaine , dying in 608 and the latter as Sillán moccu Minn , dying in 610 . Moccu being the equivalent of the Latin gens , indicating an uncertain ancestry .
Variations of his name include Siollan , Silvan , Sylvan , Sillian and Sillán , amongst others .
References
610 deaths
Medieval Irish saints
6th-century Irish abbots
7th-century Irish abbots
Christian clergy from County Down
Year of birth unknown
Year of birth uncertain
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Dearborn County , Indiana .
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Dearborn County , Indiana , United States . Latitude and longitude coordinates are provided for many National Register properties and districts ; these locations may be seen together in a map .
There are 28 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county , including 1 National Historic Landmark .
Properties and districts located in incorporated areas display the name of the municipality , while properties and districts in unincorporated areas display the name of their civil township . Properties and districts split between multiple jurisdictions display the names of all jurisdictions .
Current listings
| }
See also
List of National Historic Landmarks in Indiana
National Register of Historic Places listings in Indiana
Listings in neighboring counties : Boone ( KY ) , Butler ( OH ) , Franklin , Hamilton ( OH ) , Ohio , Ripley
List of Indiana state historical markers in Dearborn County
References
Dearborn County
This is a list of Estonian television related events from 1982 .
Events
Debuts
Television shows
Ending this year
Births
28 January - Mirtel Pohla , actress
17 June - Ursula Ratasepp , actress
29 June - Ott Sepp , actor , singer , writer & TV host
Deaths
American War is the first novel by the Canadian-Egyptian journalist Omar El Akkad . It is set in the United States in the near future , ravaged by climate change and disease , in which the Second Civil War has broken out over the use of fossil fuels .
The plot is told by using historiographic metafiction by the future historian Benjamin Chestnut about his aunt , Sarat Chestnut , a climate refugee who is pushed out of Louisiana by the war . The narrative chapters are interspersed with fictional primary documents collected by the narrator .
The novel was generally well received and was nominated for several `` first book '' awards .
Plot
In 2074 , after the passage of a bill in the United States that bans the use of fossil fuels anywhere in the country , Mississippi , Alabama , Georgia , South Carolina , and Texas secede from the Union , starting the Second American Civil War . South Carolina is quickly incapacitated by a virus , known as `` The Slow , '' which makes its inhabitants lethargic , and Texas is invaded and occupied by Mexico , and the remaining bloc , known as the `` Free Southern States '' ( Mississippi , Alabama , and Georgia , or `` The Mag '' ) continues to fight . The novel is told from the point of view of Sarat ( Sara T. Chestnut ) and her nephew , Benjamin .
Sarat is six years old when the war breaks out . She lives with her family on the coast ravaged by climate change in Louisiana . Her family consists of her parents , Benjamin and Martina ; her older brother , Simon ; and her fraternal twin sister , Dana Chestnut . After Sarat 's father is killed during a terrorist suicide bombing in Baton Rouge in 2075 , Sarat and her family relocate to a refugee camp called `` Camp Patience '' , on the Mississippi–Tennessee border .
Sarat and her family spend the next six years living a squalid existence at Camp Patience . In 2081 , when Sarat is 12 years old , she befriends the charismatic Albert Gaines , a recruiter for the Southern rebels . Gaines introduces her to an agent of the emerging Bouazizi Empire named Joe , who is sending aid to the Free Southern States to keep the United States weak and divided . Later , a Northern militia unit attacks Camp Patience and massacres many of the refugees , which kills Sarat 's mother and wounds her brother . Overcome by grief and rage , Sarat later kills one of the top generals of the Northern Union .
Following the Camp Patience massacre , Sarat and her siblings are resettled by the Free Southern government in Lincolnton , Georgia , on the border with South Carolina . The two sisters are joined by Simon , who is suffering from a bullet wound to the brain . Five years later , in 2086 , the Chestnut siblings settle in to their new lives . While Sarat has become a member of Gaines ' rebel group , the broken Simon is tended by a Bangladeshi American woman , named Karina . As time passes , Simon and Karina develop romantic feelings for each other .
During a guerrilla operation near a U.S. base along the Georgia-Tennessee border , Sarat assassinates General Joseph Weiland , a prominent U.S. commander . While Sarat is hailed as a hero by the Free Southern States , Weiland 's assassination only hardens the U.S. resolve to end the Southern and leads to a crackdown against the Southern guerrillas . Sarat eventually grows disillusioned with the corrupt and self-serving Southern leadership . Later , Dana is killed when a rogue drone bombs a bus in which she is traveling .
Sarat is later captured by U.S. forces and imprisoned at the Sugarloaf Detention Facility , in the Florida Sea . Sarat later learns her mentor Gaines betrayed her to the U.S. For the next seven years , Sarat is repeatedly tortured , including being subjected to waterboarding . To end the torment , Sarat confesses to numerous exaggerated charges . Sarat is later released after the U.S. government deems Gaines to be an unreliable source .
Years later , Simon has married Karina , and they have a son , Benjamin . In 2095 , the 6-year-old Benjamin meets his aunt , Sarat , who settles down on Benjamin 's homestead . Sarat is later visited by one of her former rebel comrades , who informs her that his group has captured Bud Baker , one of her former Sugarloaf captors who tortured her . Sarat kills Bud but decides to spare his family after she discovers that he has two teenage twin sons .
Back at Benjamin 's household , tensions between Sarat and Karina rise after Benjamin sustains a broken arm , and Sarat binds it with a crude splint . Benjamin is intrigued by Sarat and realizes that his aunt is still haunted by the attack at Camp Patience , her time as an insurgent , and her torture at Sugarloaf . As his arm recovers , Benjamin becomes friendly with his aunt .
Sarat is later visited by Joe , the Bouazizi agent , who recruits her into carrying a deadly virus during the Reunification Ceremony in Columbus , Ohio . Joe reveals that his real name is Yousef Bin Rashid , and the Bouazizi Empire wants to prevent the re-emergence of the U.S. as a superpower . Seeking revenge against the U.S. government , Sarat accepts the offer and convinces her former rebel comrades to secure her passage to the Reunification Ceremony . Before leaving , Sarat visits the crippled Gaines at his cabin but leaves without killing him . She also arranges for her associates to smuggle her nephew Benjamin to safety in New Anchorage , Alaska . Later , Sarat infiltrates the Reunification Ceremony . While entering , she briefly encounters one of Baker 's teenage sons whom she had spared ; he now works as a guard there . He allows her in upon recognizing her without requesting any proper ID . The resulting `` Reunification Plague '' kills 110 million people and devastates the country , which is already war-torn .
The orphaned Benjamin settles to his new life in New Anchorage and becomes a respected historian . Decades later , Benjamin discovers his aunt 's diaries and learns of her experiences during the Second American Civil War and her role in the Reunification Plague . To spite his aunt , Benjamin burns her diaries but keeps one page as a memento .
Setting
Much of the novel is set in the `` Free Southern States '' , which originally consisted of Mississippi , Alabama , Georgia , South Carolina , and Texas . The U.S. is split between parts of the old southeastern states and the remaining northern and western states . At the outset of the war , Mexico occupied and annexed large portions of California , Nevada , Utah , Arizona , New Mexico , and Texas , which were previously Mexican territory . Other secessionist movements are mentioned : Northern California , Oregon , Washington , and parts of Canada are in talks to form Cascadia . The novel is interspersed with several `` in-universe '' historical documents , interviews , and media reports .
The `` Second American Civil War '' lasts between 2074 and 2095 . The conflict started after the assassination of President Ki during a suicide bombing attack in 2073 , as well as the shooting of Southern protesters outside Fort Jackson , South Carolina in 2074 . After five years of conventional warfare around the borders of the Free Southern States , rebel `` insurrectionists '' wage guerrilla warfare against U.S. forces . Following a protracted negotiation process , the war is settled favoring the U.S . However , a `` secessionist terrorist '' ( later revealed to be the protagonist Sarat ) releases a biological agent , known as the `` Reunification Plague , '' during the Reunification Day Ceremony in Columbus , Ohio , which spreads across the country and kills 110 million people . Refugees flee to New Anchorage as the country begins the long process of `` reconstruction '' . The Reunification Plague is also revealed to be the result of a failed attempt by the virologist Gerry Tusk to find a cure to `` The Slow '' .
The rest of the world has also seen geopolitical change . After multiple failed revolutions , the states of Northern Africa and portions of the Arab world and Central Asia have united as the Bouazizi Empire , with their capital in Cairo . China and the Bouazizi nations have emerged as the world 's dominant economies , and the European migrant crisis has reversed , with refugees from the collapsed European Union fleeing across the Mediterranean to North Africa . In a reversal of great power politics , China and the Bouazizi Empire send aid to the war-torn United States . The Bouazizi Empire also secretly channels funding to the Free Southern States in an attempt to destabilize the United States , which it regards as a rival to its imperial ambitions . Russia is said to have undertaken a period of aggressive expansion and to have renamed itself as the Russian Union .
Climate change also has a significant impact on the world . Florida is inundated by rising sea levels and exists only as a small archipelago . In a reference to Guantánamo Bay 's Camp X-Ray , Florida 's Sugarloaf Mountain has been repurposed as a detention facility . Much of Louisiana is underwater , and New Orleans is entirely abandoned . After intense migration inland from the flooded Eastern Seaboard , the U.S. capital is relocated to Columbus . The Arabian Peninsula is too hot to support life and is instead devoted to solar power production . Simon 's wife , Karina , is said to have been born in the Bangladeshi Isles , which suggests extensive flooding in South Asia .
Reception
Overall , the novel received positive reviews from critics . In The New York Times , book critic Michiko Kakutani compared it favorably to Cormac McCarthy 's The Road and Philip Roth 's novel The Plot Against America . She wrote that `` badly melodramatic '' dialogue could be forgiven by the use of details that makes the fictional future `` seem alarmingly real '' .
The novel was a shortlisted finalist for the 2017 Rogers Writers ' Trust Fiction Prize and 2018 Amazon.ca First Novel Award . It also was a finalist for the 2018 Arthur C. Clarke Award . It was also one of five books in the finals of the 2018 Canada Reads contest , placing fourth .
In November 2019 , a panel of six writers , curators and critics selected by the BBC News included American War among a list of 100 novels that have had an impact on their lives .
References
2017 American novels
2017 science fiction novels
Fiction set in 2074
American science fiction novels
Novels set in the United States
Novels set in Louisiana
Novels set in Georgia ( U.S. state )
Novels set in the future
Novels set in the 2070s
Novels set in fictional wars
Climate change novels
2017 Canadian novels
Canadian science fiction novels
Bureaucracy in fiction
2017 debut novels
Alfred A. Knopf books
Second American Civil War speculative fiction
`` So-Called Life '' is a single by the Canadian rock band Three Days Grace . It was released on November 29 , 2021 as the lead single from the band 's seventh studio album Explosions . The song was available digitally on music streaming services on December 1 , 2021 .
Composition and lyrics
`` So-Called Life '' has been described by critics as a hard rock song . The track runs at 160 BPM and is in the key of D major . It runs for three minutes and 26 seconds . The song was written by Matt Walst , Brad Walst , Barry Stock , Neil Sanderson and Ted Bruner while Howard Benson handled the production of the song .
Bassist Brad Walst spoke about `` So-Called Life '' in an interview with Jave Patterson of Two Doods Reviews explaining about how the song was written .
Music video
The music video for `` So-Called Life '' premiered on November 29 , 2021 and it was directed by Jon Vulpine .
Speaking about the music video , director Jon Vulpine explained how the video came together .
As of March 2022 , the song has 5 million views on YouTube .
Chart performance
`` So-Called Life '' debuted on the Canada Rock chart at number 41 and later peaked at number 7 on the chart . The song also reached the Billboard Mainstream Rock chart at number one , topping the chart for four consectutive weeks , and on the Hot Rock & Alternative Songs chart at number 29 . This marks the band 's 16th number-one song on the Mainstream Rock Airplay chart , tying the record for the most number-ones with Shinedown and earned 796,000 streams in the US . It also peaked at number 11 on the Alternative Digital Song Sales chart .
Charts
Awards and nominations
Release history
References
2021 songs
2021 singles
Three Days Grace songs
RCA Records singles
Song recordings produced by Howard Benson
Songs written by Barry Stock
Songs written by Neil Sanderson
Songs written by Ted Bruner
Songs about the COVID-19 pandemic
Archosauromorphs
Newly named phytosaurs
Data courtesy of George Olshevsky 's dinosaur genera list .
Pterosaurs
New taxa
See also
References
1840s in paleontology
Paleontology
General Johan Ivar Hederstedt ( born 26 August 1943 ) is a senior Swedish Army officer . Hederstedt was commissioned as an officer in 1966 and served in Älvsborg Regiment ( I 15 ) and Northern Småland Regiment ( I 12 ) in the 1960s and 1970s . Hederstedt served with UNFICYP in Cyprus and UNIFIL in Lebanon before becoming commanding officer of the Life Guards Brigade ( MekIB 1 ) in 1988 . He was commanding officer of the Western Army Division from 1993 to 1996 and was International Operations Commander at the Swedish Armed Forces Headquarters . Hederstedt was then Supreme Commander of the Swedish Armed Forces from 2000 to 2003 .
Early life
Hederstedt was born on 26 August 1943 in Nässjö Parish , Jönköping County , Sweden the son of lieutenant colonel Johan Hederstedt and his wife Hillevi ( née Sandstedt ) . He attended Norra Latin in Stockholm between 1957 and 1962 . He did his military service in Älvsborg Regiment ( I 15 ) in Borås in 1963 . He was educated at the Swedish Infantry Cadet and Officer Candidate School and became second lieutenant in Älvsborg Regiment after graduating from the Royal Military Academy in 1966 .
Career
Hederstedt was commissioned as an officer in 1966 and was assigned to Älvsborg Regiment ( I 15 ) in Borås , until 1969 , and then again from 1973 to 1976 . He attended the Swedish Infantry Cadet School from 1969 to 1972 and underwent the Higher Staff Course at the Swedish Armed Forces Staff College from 1974 to 1976 and held aspirant positions in the central staffs and troop service at Älvsborg Regiment and Northern Småland Regiment ( I 12 ) in Eksjö . Hederstedt was serving at the Defense Staff 's Operations Department , responsible of operational planning , from 1976 to 1981 . He served as chief of staff of the Swedish UN Battalion of the United Nations Peacekeeping Force in Cyprus ( UNFICYP ) in Cyprus in 1981 . From 1981 to 1982 he was company commander in the Northern Småland Regiment and from 1982 to 1986 he served as the head of the Defense Staff 's Quartermaster Department . Hederstedt was battalion commander at Bohuslän Regiment ( I 17 ) in Uddevalla from 1986 to 1988 when he was promoted to colonel .
Hederstedt was appointed battalion commander of the Swedish UN Battalion of the United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon ( UNIFIL ) in Lebanon in 1988 . In Lebanon , Hederstedt conducted many negotiations on various levels with several of the factions ( e.g. , PLO , PFLP , Hezbollah , Black September , Amal , etc . and Israeli supported Christian guerrilla parties ) . He was commanding officer of the Life Guards Brigade ( MekIB 1 ) at Svea Life Guards ( I 1 ) in Kungsängen from 1988 to 1993 . Between 1989 and 1992 Hederstedt was also the Course Director for UN Nordic Staff officers courses dealing with guerilla warfare . He also conducted fact-finding trips to troublespots , including Cyprus , Kuwait , Iraq , Iran , and the Middle East ( Israel , Gaza , and Lebanon ) . Hederstedt was commanding officer of the Western Army Division in Skövde from 1993 to 1996 . Hederstedt was promoted to major general in 1996 and was appointed International Operations Commander at the Swedish Armed Forces Headquarters .
In May 1997 , Hederstedt led a Partnership for Peace exercise in Germany with 1,900 officers from 28 countries . In 1997 he also became military adviser to the Minister for Defence Björn von Sydow and in 1998 he was promoted to lieutenant general . Hederstedt accompanied Björn von Sydow on several trips to Angola , Namibia , South Africa , Kenya , Morocco , Congo , Uganda where they met with government leaders and members of opposition parties . During the 1990s , Hederstedt was also on the ground monitoring the Balkan conflict . He was responsible for the Swedish participation in Bosnia and Herzegovina , Macedonia , and Kosovo . There he met with the leaders of many guerrilla movements and studied their organisations and command structures . Hederstedt reported to the Swedish government from the ground about the war in 1998 and 1999 . Hederstedt was appointed Supreme Commander of the Swedish Armed Forces on 1 July 2000 and simultaneously promoted to general .
During his time as Supreme Commander Hederstedt executed the largest transformation of the Swedish Armed Forces in modern time . This included a change from a defence of invasion to a more flexible response defence , a radical change including a strong internationalization of the whole defence . During 2001 Hederstedt was President in the European Union Military Committee . He was in this capacity the chairman of the chiefs of defence of European Union . During this time the European Union military structure and capacity was formed and developed . During his time as Supreme Commander , he developed and set the basics of a new organisational and technical worked based structure of the Swedish defence . The change of the defence also concluded a complete integration of the military services . A total regional logistic solution was also phased out and was replaced by a solution based on a complete overview which created large rationality and further improvement . Hederstedt left the position of Supreme Commander och retired from the military on 31 December 2003 .
Post-retirement
Hederstedt became partner of Gaia Leadership in 2004 . In December 2004 Hederstedt got the mission of the Swedish government to coordinate and organise the aid work in Thailand after the Tsunami disaster . The primary responsibility was to send home deceased Swedish citizens . Hederstedt served as chairman of the Modern Pentathlon Federation of Sweden from 2006 to 2011 . He was elected as a member of the board of the Swedish Childhood Cancer Fund ( Barncancerfonden ) in May 2005 and served as its chairman from October 2005 until June 2010 .
Personal life
In 1995 , Hederstedt married Birgitta Harvyl ( born 1953 ) , the daughter of Stig Harvyl and Ulla ( née Östlund ) . His wife is a former planning director of the executive board of the National Board of Health and Welfare and former Regional Director of Halland . Hederstedt has four children from a previous marriage . One of his sons are colonel Peter Hederstedt , commander of the Western Military Region ( 2018–present ) .
Dates of rank
1966 – Second lieutenant
1968 – Lieutenant
1972 – Captain
1976 – Major
1983 – Lieutenant colonel
1988 – Colonel
1993 – Senior colonel
1996 – Major general
1998 – Lieutenant general
2000 – General
Awards and decorations
Swedish
H. M. The King 's Medal , 12th size gold medal worn around the neck on a chain of gold ( 2005 )
For Zealous and Devoted Service of the Realm
Swedish Armed Forces Conscript Medal
Nobel Peace Prize to United Nations Peacekeeping Forces Commemorative Medal ( Medaljen till minne av Nobels pris till FN : s fredsbevarande styrkor , NobelFNSMM )
Swedish Veterans Federation ( Peace Berets ) Medal of Merit in silver ( Fredsbaskrarna Sveriges förtjänstmedalj i silver , FredbSvSM ) ( 23 March 2002 )
Foreign
Commander of the Legion of Honour ( 3 April 2003 )
1st Class of the Order of the Cross of the Eagle ( 5 February 2004 )
United Nations Medal ( UNFICYP )
United Nations Medal ( UNIFIL )
Honours
Member of the Royal Swedish Academy of War Sciences ( 1998 )
President of the Swedish Childhood Cancer Foundation
President of the Swedish Modern Penthalon Federation
References
1943 births
Living people
Swedish Army generals
People from Nässjö Municipality
Members of the Royal Swedish Academy of War Sciences
20th-century Swedish military personnel
21st-century Swedish military personnel
Commandeurs of the Légion d'honneur
The Wisconsin Idea Theatre was essentially a cultural program , developed at the University of Wisconsin c. 1943 . It was headed by Robert E. Gard within the College of Agriculture , with a mission for developing theatre arts throughout the state . Gard worked with anyone that had an idea , to develop radio dramas , or stage performances . He worked with 4-H , seeking to develop children 's theatre within the state , as well as encouraging and assisting faith groups to develop dramas based on their faith .
In 1945 , Gard founded the Wisconsin Idea Theatre Conference , which attempted to represent all theatre interests across the state .
History
The Wisconsin Idea Theatre began when Robert M. La Follette , Sr. and Charles Van Hise attended the University of Wisconsin . They were close friends , both influenced by the progressive ideals of economics professor John Bascom . La Follette went on to become governor , while Van Hise became President of the University .
They had a mutual vision of a government `` infused with the talent of trained professionals , guided by the expertise of our wisest scholars and answerable to an active and well-educated citizenry . ''
In order to realise this ideal , they turned the University towards educating not only its students , but encouraging and teaching residents across the state . Correspondence courses were offered , along with traveling faculty . The Governor held regular meetings with the professors of the University to keep in touch , and to encourage their progress .
Van Hise 's successor , President Glen Frank , had a passion for expanding the arts , and hired Dean Chris Christensen to head the College of Agriculture , hoping to encourage farmers , and their families to be more creative .
Christensen then hired Aldo Leopold , a well-known conservationist , John Stuart Curry , an artist , and Robert E. Gard . It was Gard that founded the Wisconsin Idea Theatre .
Notes
Suggested reading
The Wisconsin Idea Theatre : a program in statewide drama , Junius Eddy , 1949 .
Record at the Hathi Trust Digital Library
United States educational programs
Educational projects
University of Wisconsin–Madison
Dwight Ware Watson ( born September 28 , 1952 ) , dubbed the `` Tractor Man '' in the media , is a tobacco farmer from Whitakers , North Carolina , who , in March 2003 , brought much of Washington , D.C. to a standstill for two days when he drove a tractor into the pond in the Constitution Gardens area of the National Mall and claimed to have explosives . The standoff with federal and local law enforcement ended when Watson surrendered . He was subsequently convicted in federal court of making a false threat to detonate explosives and for destroying federal property , and served 16 months in prison .
Background
Watson was previously an MP with the U.S. Army 's 82nd Airborne Division at Fort Bragg . He had increasing difficulty making a living on his tobacco farm in rural Nash County , North Carolina , which had been in his family for five generations . Watson blamed federal tobacco policies for his difficulties , and was said to have engaged in hour-long harangues on this issue at such places as the local grocery store . In 1999 , Watson reportedly made his first protest visit to D.C. with his tractor , but left after driving around the city for a while without incident . Following a drought in his state and the cutting of his crop quota by half , Watson finally decided that he was incapable of affording the farm and again drove to D.C. the second weekend of March 2003 .
Standoff
On March 17 , 2003 , at around 12:30 p.m. ( EST ) , Watson , wearing a military helmet and displaying an upside down American flag , drove a John Deere tractor towing two vehicles into a shallow pond in Constitution Gardens near the Vietnam Veterans Memorial Wall . Watson said that he was protesting the cutting of federal tobacco subsidies ( on which he blamed his own farm 's failure ) and the government 's treatment of Gulf War veterans . According to law enforcement , Watson claimed to have explosives that he would detonate if police approached him .
In response to Watson 's threats , the United States Park Police cordoned off a large area on the Mall extending from the Lincoln Memorial to the Washington Monument . Several nearby government offices were also evacuated and major traffic arteries in the area were closed , which caused massive jams and paralyzed traffic across the Washington metropolitan area for four consecutive rush hours .
A SWAT team composed of around 200 FBI and Park Police officers kept the pond surrounded as Watson drove his tractor around in circles , dug up part of an island in the pond , and communicated with authorities and the media on a cell phone . Watson finally surrendered to federal authorities on March 19 after a 48-hour standoff . No explosives were found .
Trial and sentencing
Watson was subsequently charged with the federal crimes of making a false threat to detonate explosives and for destroying federal property , and stood trial in the United States District Court for the District of Columbia . Watson initially represented himself , and unsuccessfully tried to subpoena such figures as Bill Clinton and Jesse Ventura , whom the judge refused as irrelevant to his case . Watson testified at trial that his comments about having an `` organophosphate bomb '' only referred to the two cans of Raid bug bombs he had in the tractor , which he threatened to use if he did not get media coverage only because he wished to demonstrate the harmfulness of insecticides . In his pretrial interrogation by law enforcement , however , he had acknowledged that he intentionally let law enforcement continue to believe that he actually had explosives . The jury deliberated for less than an hour , and returned a guilty verdict on both charges on September 26 , 2003 .
Watson 's sentencing was repeatedly delayed , particularly for a psychiatric evaluation ordered by the presiding judge , Thomas Penfield Jackson , who questioned Watson 's mental health . Judge Jackson finally sentenced Watson to six years , far above the minimum sentence under the federal guidelines of sixteen months , based on what he saw as Watson 's menacing conduct and the chaos his standoff had caused , and as a deterrent against civil protesters tying up law enforcement and terrorizing the city . However , following the U.S. Supreme Court 's ruling in Blakely v. Washington ( 2004 ) that judges could not impose stiffer sentences based on facts that a jury had not decided , Judge Jackson reduced the sentence to sixteen months on June 30 , 2004 . As Watson had already served over fifteen months by that time , he was released the next day and returned to his family and farm in North Carolina .
Prosecutors challenged the judge 's reduction of Watson 's sentence , and an appellate court agreed that the reduction was inaccurate and probably too lenient . Nearly four years later , Watson went back to court before District Court Chief Judge Thomas F. Hogan for reconsideration of his sentence on February 12 , 2008 , which was an uncommon situation for the federal court after a defendant had served his time and had been released . Although he believed Watson deserved another three years in prison , Judge Hogan declined to give Watson more prison time . Noting that it was only the second occasion he had departed from federal sentencing guidelines since Blakely was decided , Hogan stated that there would be little benefit to the public in returning him to prison , particularly since Watson was employed and taking care of his mentally ill sister .
Reactions
The fact that one man had managed to disrupt so much of the nation 's capital and hold federal law enforcement officers at bay for two days raised many concerns over the vulnerability of Washington to terrorist attacks , especially coming mere months after the Beltway sniper attacks and coinciding with the build-up to the 2003 invasion of Iraq . Many criticized the authorities for their passive handling of Watson , as he was even left alone to sleep aboard his tractor during the two-day standoff . The Washington Times columnist Tony Blankley wrote that `` [ o ] n the eve of a multi-billion dollar , high-technology war , our security perimeter has been penetrated and downtown traffic has come to a standstill . ... The Park Police should just drag Dwight and his John Deere out of the pond , slap him on the wrist and get ready for the real enemies in our midst . '' Others argued that the threat of a possible explosion on the Mall required patience and a peaceful resolution .
In a statement issued the same day that Watson surrendered , North Carolina Congressman Bob Etheridge stated that while he did not condone Watson 's actions , the farmer personified `` the growing pain and frustration felt in tobacco country ... We must not miss this opportunity to address the very real problems of tobacco country and rural America . '' Others , including other farmers in his home state , considered Watson as a patriot who simply used civil disobedience to air legitimate complaints . The Washington Post reported at the time of Watson 's sentencing that a `` Web site started by tobacco farmers and family members describes Watson as an 'American hero ' who called attention to the difficulties of tobacco farmers '' .
After the Supreme Court 's decision in Blakely , the reduction of Watson 's sentence was cited by U.S . Senator Orrin Hatch as an example of the `` havoc '' caused by that decision .
Popular culture
In episode 23 of the American crime drama television series Lie To Me called `` Tractor Man '' , a protesting farmer parks his explosives-packed tractor near the US Treasury building .
The negotiations with Dwight Watson are at the center of one of the classes in negotiation in the MasterClass series by former FBI negotiator Chris Voss .
See also
Norman Mayer , a nuclear weapons protester who threatened to blow up the Washington Monument in 1982 , and was shot and killed by police after a ten-hour standoff
Notes
References
Federal Criminal Complaint against Dwight W. Watson
Tractor standoff ends peacefully in Washington , CNN.com , March 19 , 2003 .
Farmers from North Carolina
United States Army soldiers
History of Washington , D.C .
Living people
1952 births
People from Whitakers , North Carolina
Akron–Canton Airport is a commercial airport in the city of Green , in southern Summit County , Ohio ( a small piece of each runway is in Stark County ) , about southeast of Akron . It is jointly operated by Summit County and Stark County . The airport is a `` reliever '' airport for Northeast Ohio and markets itself as `` A better way to go '' , emphasizing the ease of travel in comparison to Cleveland Hopkins International Airport . Just under 90 % of its traffic is general aviation . It is included in the Federal Aviation Administration ( FAA ) National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2019–2023 , in which it is categorized as a small-hub primary commercial service facility .
The 2300-acre ( 931-hectare ) airport has two runways : 01/19 is 7,601 feet long and 05/23 is 8,204 feet long .
The airport has a maintenance base for PSA Airlines , a regional carrier that flies under the American Eagle brand for American Airlines .
History
Public funds for the construction of the airport were allocated during World War II for defense purposes , but construction stalled over a controversy relating to whether public funding of airport construction would be appropriate . As a result , private funding was essential to the initial construction of the airport , particularly in purchasing the land .
The airport was dedicated on October 13 , 1946 , as the Akron–Canton–Massillon Airport ; the name was later changed to Akron–Canton Regional Airport . Passenger air service began in 1948 when American , United , Capital , and Eastern airlines moved from the Akron Fulton International Airport .
A permanent terminal was built in 1955 and expanded in 1962 . In the summer of 2020 , a new expansion was made to the terminal relocating gates from the original terminal to a new bi-level concourse . The gates and terminal area original to the 1960s are slated for demolition to make room for new aircraft parking areas .
Passenger growth and decline
During the mid-2000s , the airport was one of the fastest-growing airports in the Midwest , attracting passengers from the Akron/Canton area and Cleveland metropolitan area . The airport 's passenger count doubled between 2000 and 2006 , with several new routes added by AirTran Airways and Frontier Airlines . The airport experienced its busiest year in 2012 , with 1.83 million passengers flying in or out .
Since 2012 , passenger traffic has decreased . Following the acquisition of AirTran Airways , then the airport 's largest carrier , by Southwest Airlines in 2011 , Southwest reduced AirTran 's presence at the airport . Several other low-cost carriers , including JetBlue , Frontier Airlines , and Spirit Airlines , established new routes from nearby Cleveland Hopkins , lowering average airfares at that airport and reducing demand for Cleveland-based travelers to fly out of further-away Akron . In 2017 Southwest dropped Akron and consolidated operations at Cleveland Hopkins , as did Allegiant Air the same year .
By 2017 , the airport 's passenger traffic sank to its lowest level since 2004 . As of May 2018 , the airport had the 2nd fastest declining passenger count of any US airport .
Delta Air Lines closed its operation at the airport in 2020 .
Expansion
In 2006 the airport completed an expansion and renovation of the terminal , including the addition of a new wing off the main concourse . It brings the number of gates to 11 ( from 9 ) and provides new baggage areas , a food court , and better aesthetics . The new wing opened to passengers in May 2006 and was home to AirTran Airways and its successor Southwest .
In 2011 the expanded TSA screening area was completed . It has four lanes for screening , with the ability to open two more . Along with the expanded screening area , Advanced Imaging Devices were installed and a TSA Precheck lane was added .
The airport initiated CAK 2018 , its 10-year , $ 110 million Capital Improvement Plan in March 2008 . The plan is the most ambitious capital improvement plan in Akron–Canton Airport 's history and calls for 10 projects in the next 10 years . One of those projects , a runway expansion , has already been completed . Runway 05/23 was extended from to . The runways will allow aircraft to fly non-stop to anywhere in the U.S. and throughout Mexico and Canada .
Other projects include expanding aircraft parking and general aviation area , replacing aircraft rescue and firefighting maintenance facility , a new customs and border patrol facility , expanding auto parking lots , a widened entrance road , expanded ticket wing , and TSA screening area , expanded upper-level concourse , and the construction of Port Green Industrial Park , will be developed into 10-12 business sites .
In December 2020 , United Express launched daily nonstop flights between CAK and Washington–Dulles .
In April 2021 , Spirit Airlines launched seasonal flights to Myrtle Beach , the flight is operated twice a week on Thursdays and Sundays .
In June 2021 , Breeze Airways launched nonstop flights to Charleston ( SC ) , New Orleans , and Tampa .
In September 2021 , Allegiant Air announced that they will be discontinuing service to Cleveland and will be moving to Akron–Canton . Allegiant will fly to 4 different destinations with operations beginning March 2 , 2022 .
Airlines and destinations
Passenger
Cargo
Statistics
Top destinations
Airline market shares
Annual traffic
Ground transportation
Akron–Canton Airport has a number of taxicab and shuttle services .
It is also served by one route from each of the region 's two public transit providers , Akron Metro Regional Transit route 110 , and Canton-based Stark Area Regional Transit Authority ( SARTA ) route 81 .
The SARTA route provides service every hour for most of the day Monday through Saturday and serves both Canton and Akron via Interstate 77 , including transit centers in both downtown Canton and downtown Akron .
The Akron Metro route is a five-times-per-day Monday through Friday local route through Southern Summit County , but does serve the downtown Akron Transit Center .
Accidents and incidents
On November 4 , 1949 , a Harrington 's Inc. DC-3 , a cargo flight , crashed at CAK short of runway 36 in light snow and limited visibility , hitting trees and landing inverted east of the runway , killing all 3 occupants . This is the worst crash on airport property in its history .
On November 27 , 1973 , Eastern Airlines Flight 300 was arriving from Pittsburgh International Airport when it ran off the end of the runway . The aircraft was a McDonnell Douglas DC-9-31 with five crew members and 21 passengers , and originated at Miami International Airport with a routing MIA-PIT-CAK . The weather conditions were low ceilings , light rain showers and fog . The National Transportation Safety Board ( NTSB ) determined that landing at excessive speed too far down the wet runway caused the aircraft to hydroplane and not be able to stop . It went over an embankment and was severely damaged and written off . There were no fatalities , but all 26 on board had various injuries .
On August 2 , 1979 , a Cessna Citation 501 piloted by New York Yankees catcher , Thurman Munson stalled and crashed short of runway 19 , killing Munson . The two other people in the plane with him were able to escape the plane just as it caught fire . As of 2004 , there have been no further deaths at the airport .
References
External links
Route Map
Airports in Ohio
Transportation in Summit County , Ohio
Buildings and structures in Summit County , Ohio
1946 establishments in Ohio
Airports established in 1946
Kambuga General Hospital , also Kambuga Hospital is a government-owned hospital in the Western Region of Uganda .
Location
The hospital is located in the town of Kambuga , in Kanungu District , approximately north-west of the Kabale Regional Referral Hospital . This is west of the Mbarara Regional Referral Hospital . The coordinates of hospital are 0°48'50.0 '' S , 29°48'03.0 '' E ( Latitude : -0.813902 ; Longitude:29.800839 ) .
Overview
Kambuga General Hospital was established in 1965 . It is owned by the Uganda Ministry of Health . It is administered by the Kanungu District local government . According to a published report in 2006 , the hospital buildings and equipment were dilapidated and crumbling . The district local government is struggling to run the hospital due to poor funding .
See also
List of hospitals in Uganda
References
External links
Website of Uganda Ministry of Health
Hospitals in Uganda
Kanungu District
1965 establishments in Uganda
Hospital buildings completed in 1965
Gui Hong ( ; born 18 January 1995 ) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Guangzhou R & F in the Chinese Super League .
Club career
Gui Hong moved to Spain for trial in 2012 after he refused to sign a professional contract with Wuhan Zall . He was signed by Huracán Valencia in 2013 when he was 18 years old and transferred to Sevilla 's youth academy in January 2014 . He was promoted to Sevilla C in the summer of 2014 for the 2014–15 Tercera División campaign . In January 2015 , Gui was loaned to Primera Andaluza side Utrera for half season . He scored his first goal in his first appearance , in a 3–0 victory against CD Ciudad Jardín Comunicaciones . Gui scored two goals in 16 appearances , as Utrera finished the second place of the league and won promotion to the Tercera División .
Gui returned to China and joined China League One side Hebei China Fortune in July 2015 . He was promoted to the first team by Li Tie after Hebei promoted to the Chinese Super League in 2016 . On 10 May 2016 , he made his debut for Hebei in a 1–0 victory against amateur team Shanghai Jiading Boo King in the 2016 Chinese FA Cup , coming on for Wang Yang in the 60th minute . His Super League debut came on 4 days later in a 2–0 away defeat against Guangzhou Evergrande , coming on as a substitute for Li Hang in the 80th minute . On 29 June 2016 , he scored his first goal for Hebei in the fourth round of 2016 Chinese FA Cup , which ensured Hebei beat Heibei Derby rival Shijiazhuang Ever Bright 3–2 and advanced to the next round . On 20 May 2017 , Gui scored his first goal in the Super League in his first match of the 2017 season against Liaoning FC , which gave Hebei China Fortune a 2–0 home win . On 7 April 2018 , he scored another goal in a 2–1 home win over Changchun Yatai .
On 24 January 2019 , Gui signed a four-year contract with fellow Super League club Guangzhou R & F .
Career statistics
.
References
External links
Living people
1995 births
Association football forwards
Chinese footballers
Footballers from Wuhan
Guangzhou City F.C . players
Guizhou F.C . players
Hebei F.C . players
Tercera División players
Sevilla FC C players
Chinese Super League players
China League One player
Chinese expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Spain
Chinese expatriate sportspeople in Spain
Suregada multiflora , sometimes called the `` false lime tree '' , is a species in the family Euphorbiaceae . The Catalogue of Life lists no subspecies . It is found in tropical Asia : names include kén or mân mây in Viet Nam .
Gallery
References
External links
Suregada
Flora of Indo-China
Trees of Indo-China
Trees of Vietnam
Taxa named by Henri Ernest Baillon
Taxa named by Adrien-Henri de Jussieu
Harriette G. Brittan ( June 1822 – April 30 , 1897 ) was a pioneer British-born American missionary to Liberia , India and Japan . Finding herself unable to live in Africa because of repeated attacks of tropical fever , she was compelled to return to the United States . A year or two later , she went to India where she labored for twenty years . In 1880 , she came to Japan and founded Brittan Girls ' School , later known as Yokohama Eiwa Gakuin . At the age of sixty-three , she gave up regular mission work and for a number of years , conducted a boarding house . When her health started to fail , she returned to the U.S. and died one day after reaching San Francisco .
Brittain was the author of , Statement of facts : [ concerning the Woman 's Union Missionary Society ] , Thomas Toomey ; the history of an Irish boy , Kardoo , the Hindoo girl , Shoshie : the Hindoo Zenana teacher , A woman 's talks about India , or , The domestic habits and customs of the people , and Scenes and incidents of every-day life in Africa .
Early life and education
Harriette ( sometimes spelled Harriet ) Gertrude Brittan was born in England , June , 1822 . In her early years , she removed with her parents to the United States , and settled in Brooklyn , where she obtained a good education . A terrible fall in childhood , from the third to the first floor , so injured her spine that , until she was eighteen , she could not leave her bed , except as she was carried . From that time , she gradually regained her health , but was never able to walk well .
Brittan did not gain a high school education , nor theological training . She affiliated with the Anglican Church her entire life .
Career
Brittan might have lived in luxury at home , as she had a comfortable fortune in her own right . But the strength of conviction enabled her to go to Africa in spite of physical weakness . She was sent out by the Domestic and Foreign Missionary Society of the Protestant Episcopal Church to Liberia , but she could not live there , being constantly attacked by tropical fever , which compelled her return . It was a terrible trial to her to leave , the more so because she had promised to marry a missionary there . He could live in Africa , she could not . She endured the climate as long as she could , and was finally carried on board a sailing ship , with little expectation that she would live to reach home . The fact that the voyage proved to be just the thing needed to restore her was , probably , one reason for her eagerness to undertake the last voyage of her life . During the year or two of convalescence , she wrote a book on Africa , which she gave to the society that sent her out .
The Woman 's Union Missionary Society , which organized in 1860 , selected Brittan as one of its first missionaries to India . She went to Calcutta , and was one of the first American missionaries to enter the secluded homes of the women . She inaugurated and carried on this branch of work for twenty years . While in India , her feelings of sorrow for the Indian women found expression in a work called Kardoo , and a second called Shushone , which revealed how badly women were treated , and aroused the religious world to great efforts to send missionaries to their assistance .
She was an accomplished needlewoman , and by teaching her art she obtained entrance to many places not before accessible to foreigners . She went to India at a time when prejudices against woman 's education and place in life were giving way . Her tact , spiritual insight , and judgment were all taxed to meet the new conditions , but she did it , and established a work that grew in great proportions . She was one of the first to perceive the enormous advantage possessed by women with a good medical training , and was a strong advocate of the education of female missionaries in the leading training schools for nurses or in the women 's medical schools of the country . She wrote letter depicting life in India to the Christian at Work .
After her service in India , she returned for a year to the U.S. , and for a time , was at the head of a ward in St. Luke 's Hospital , in New York City . She was an indefatigable worker , and was the promoter of many concerts in New York and vicinity , by means of which thousands of dollars were gathered for missionary work .
After her resignation from the Union Missionary Society , Japan was the scene of her efforts —- her last as a missionary . Under the auspices of the Protestant Methodist Missionary Society she went to Yokohama in 1880 , and took charge of a large mission established for the benefit of Eurasian children , who were often left in destitute circumstances . Until 1893 , she was identified with this mission , and later , established and had charge of a home for missionaries .
Later life and death
At the age of 63 , she gave up regular mission work . In the meantime , business reverses had taken away her fortune and , having been very liberal , she found herself at this age with very limited means .
In the early spring of 1897 , she disposed of her property in Yokohama and started for the U.S. She had been in poor health for several months , but hoped the sea air would build her up so that she could make the overland journey . She sailed from Japan April 13 , but gradually grew weaker . When carried from the steamer to the carriage , she fainted . Upon arriving at the Occidental Hotel , in San Francisco , everything was done for her comfort , but she died the next day , on April 30 , 1897 . She had hoped to reach New York to see an adopted daughter , who was ill at St. Luke 's Hospital . Knowing this would be impossible , she said , `` Just as He wills ; just as He wills . '' The funeral services were held at an Episcopal church in San Francisco , as she was a member of that body , and she was laid to rest in a cemetery there overlooking the Pacific Ocean .
Harriet Gertrude Brittan and Frederick Charles Klein , Methodist Protestant missionaries to Japan , was published in 1975 , by John William Krummel .
Selected works
Statement of facts : [ concerning the Woman 's Union Missionary Society ] , 18 --
Thomas Toomey ; the history of an Irish boy , 1861
Kardoo , the Hindoo girl , 1869
Shoshie : the Hindoo Zenana teacher , 1873
A woman 's talks about India , or , The domestic habits and customs of the people , 1880
Scenes and incidents of every-day life in Africa
References
Attribution
External links
1822 births
1897 deaths
19th-century American non-fiction writers
19th-century American women writers
American Protestant missionaries
Female Christian missionaries
English emigrants to the United States
American people with disabilities
Thomas Nicholas Corns , ( born 1949 ) , is a literary scholar . He was Professor English Literature at Bangor University from 1994 to 2014 .
Career
Thomas Nicholas Corns was born in Prescot . After attending the city 's grammar school , he was educated at Brasenose College , Oxford , graduating in 1972 . He completed his doctoral studies at University College , Oxford ; his DPhil was awarded in 1978 for his thesis `` Studies in the development of Milton 's prose style '' . Corns joined the University College of North Wales at Bangor as a lecturer in 1975 , and was promoted to a senior lectureship in 1987 . In 1992 , he was appointed to a readership there , and then in 1994 became Professor of English Literature . By the time he retired in 2014 , the institution had become Bangor University ; he remains there as an emeritus professor . Corns also spent time as head of his department , head of the School of Arts and , between 2004 and 2007 , as Pro-Vice-Chancellor at the university .
According to his British Academy profile , Corns 's research entails `` the historically-informed study of seventeenth-century English literature ; scholarly editing of seventeenth-century texts ; [ and ] stylistic criticism '' . He is a specialist on John Milton and has published widely on him and the mid-17th-century political literature .
Honours and awards
In 2015 , Corns was elected a Fellow of the British Academy , the United Kingdom 's national academy for the humanities and social sciences . In 1997 he gave the British Academy 's Warton Lecture on English Poetry .
Selected publications
The Development of Milton 's Prose Style , Oxford English Monographs ( Clarendon Press , 1982 ) .
Milton 's Language ( Basil Blackwell , 1990 ) .
Uncloistered Virtue : English political literature , 1640–1660 ( Clarendon Press , 1992 ) .
( Editor ) The Cambridge Companion to English Poetry : Donne to Marvell ( Cambridge University Press , 1993 ) .
Regaining Paradise Lost ( Longman , 1994 ) .
John Milton : The Prose Works ( Twayne Publishers , 1998 ) .
( Editor ) The Royal Image : Representations of Charles I ( Cambridge University Press , 1999 ) .
( Editor ) Blackwell Companion to Milton ( Blackwell , 2001 ) .
A History of Seventeenth-Century English Literature ( Blackwell , 2006 ) .
( Co-authored with Gordon Campbell , John Hale and Fiona Tweedie ) John Milton and the Manuscript of De Doctrina Christiana ( Oxford University Press , 2007 ) .
( Co-authored with Gordon Campbell ) John Milton : Life , Work , and Thought ( Oxford University Press , 2008 ) .
( Co-edited with David Loewenstein and Ann Hughes ) The Complete Works of Gerrard Winstanley , 2 vols . ( Oxford University Press , 2009 ) .
( Editor ) The Milton Encyclopedia ( Yale University Press , 2012 ) .
( Editor ) A New Companion to Milton ( Wiley-Blackwell , 2016 ) .
References
1949 births
Living people
Fellows of the British Academy
John Edwin Charlesworth ( 14 September 1895 – 15 February 1960 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played in Tasmania during the 1910s and 1920s and also represented the state in interstate matches . He was inducted into the Tasmanian Football Hall of Fame in 2005 .
Charlesworth played for Cananore in the Tasmanian Football League ( TFL ) .
See also
1927 Melbourne Carnival
Footnotes
References
O'Neill , P. , `` Great Follower and Star Centre : Jack Charlesworth '' , The Sporting Globe , ( Wednesday , 14 June 1939 ) , p.11 .
1895 births
1960 deaths
Cananore Football Club players
Australian rules footballers from Tasmania
Tasmanian Football Hall of Fame inductees
Watch the World may refer to :
Watch the World ( The Little Heroes album ) , an album by Australian band Little Heroes ( band ) , ( 1983 ) .
`` Watch the World ( song ) '' , taken from the Little Heroes album , Watch the World .
`` Watch the World '' , a song from the 2002 album Box Car Racer
Watch the World , a 2016 album by Markus Schulz
Watch the World , a 1950-1951 magazine-style television documentary show on American network NBC hosted by John Cameron Swayze and Don Goddard .
Audrey Sbongile Zuma ( born 7 November 1961 ) is a South African politician , serving as a member of the National Assembly of South Africa since May 2019 . She is a member of the African National Congress .
Background
Zuma completed grade 12 while attending school . She has been a member of the regional executive committees of the ANC and its women 's league .
Parliamentary career
For the 2014 general election , Zuma was placed 31st on the ANC 's list of KwaZulu-Natal candidates for the National Assembly . She narrowly missed out on a place in parliament as the ANC won only 27 seats in KwaZulu-Natal .
She was moved up on the list for the 2019 general election , occupying the 8th position . She was elected to the National Assembly at the election .
After entering parliament , she became a member of the newly established Portfolio Committee on Employment and Labour . She currently serves as a member of said committee .
References
External links
Living people
1961 births
Zulu people
Members of the National Assembly of South Africa
Women members of the National Assembly of South Africa
African National Congress politicians
21st-century South African women politicians
21st-century South African politicians
An election surprise ( also a pre-election surprise , or , in the U.S. , October surprise , where elections are held on the first Tuesday after the first Monday of November ) is an event which occurs preceding an election which has enough shock value that it may be able to sway voters in close elections . When planned , an election surprise may be an act of propaganda . Election surprises typically fall into categories such as terrorism , political scandals , etc .
There may be disagreement as to what constitutes an election surprise for several reasons :
There may be general disagreement as to whether the event in question affected , or was intended to affect the outcome of the election , especially as the event and the election may occur in different countries .
There may be a lack of consensus as to which party the election surprise may have helped , or was intended to help .
The relative weight of a declaration , and the ability to catch on , help to distinguish true election surprises from minor events .
What was a surprise for some of the population may have been obvious for another part ( such as the total deaths accumulated in a military activity ) .
The role a speech act , such as an expression of opinion/research could play . The documentary Hacking Democracy may not constitute an election surprise , whereas a statement issued by Osama bin Laden might .
Rumours of potential election surprises may also abound preceding an election .
The term `` election surprise '' may also be used to denote an election with a surprising outcome .
List of possible election surprises
United States
In October 1980 , the Iranian Embassy Hostages preceding elections in the United States on November 4 , 1980 , Ronald Reagan 's election campaign manager William Casey , Laurence Silberman and George HW Bush went to Paris , France , and held a series of meetings with Iranian officials from October 15 to October 20 , 1980 to discuss the fate of the 52 remaining hostages taken from the US embassy building in Tehran , Iran on November 4 , 1979 . Iranian officials agreed not to release the hostages prior to election day on November 4 , 1980 in exchange for a shipment of F-4 Phantom II aircraft tires and spare parts supplied to Iran from Israel between October 21 and October 23 , 1980 in contravention of the United States ' boycott and the Trading with the Enemy Act . The 52 hostages were finally released after 444 days in captivity on the same day , at the same hour , that Ronald Reagan was sworn into office on January 20 , 1981 . The United States Congress eventually held hearings in 1991 led by Lee H. Hamilton on the matter , which were underreported in the media and widely considered to be a whitewash , and in which `` no credible evidence '' was found `` linking Reagan 's team to the delay of the hostages ' release . ''
A 1976 drunk driving citation on candidate George W. Bush was considered an election surprise for its suspicious timing , coming out one week before the 2000 US Presidential Election .
Madrid train bombings on 11 March 2004 , preceding elections in Spain on 14 March 2004 . This led to the defeat of the sitting government subsequently leading to the Spanish withdraw from Iraq .
The Killian documents , a faked set of papers provided to CBS News prior to the 2004 US Presidential Election were also considered an election surprise for the timing and negative propaganda value .
Rep. Mark Foley ( R-FL ) admitted to sending explicit instant messages to underage pages on 29 September 2006 , preceding mid-term elections in the United States on 7 November 2006 . Democrats said that high-ranking members of the Republican Party in the House of Representatives may have known about the events .
Saddam Hussein was found guilty of crimes against humanity on 5 November 2006 , preceding mid-term elections in the United States on 7 November 2006 .
References
External links
Season of bitter verdicts is upon US ( BBC )
October Is Time for Election 'Surprise ' ( FoxNews )
Who Will 'Osama Surprise ' Help ? ( CBS )
Elections
Mass media
Propaganda techniques
Büyükmandıra ( or Mandıra for short ) is a belde ( town ) town in Babaeski district of Kırklareli Province , Turkey . At , the distance to Babaeski is and the distance to Kırklareli is . The population of the town is 3688 as of 2011 . Up to 1877 there was an Ottoman royal farm in place of the town . But during the Russo-Turkish War ( 1877-1878 ) Muslim people from Bulgaria Pomaks who escaped from the Russian armies were settled in the farm to form the core of the town . According to the mayor 's page , a well known wrestler named Kavasoğlu İbrahim arranged this allocation . The settlement was declared a seat of township in 1955 . The name of the town means `` great dairy '' and it refers to the main activity of town residents .
References
Populated places in Kırklareli Province
Towns in Turkey
Babaeski District
UMF may stand for :
Music
Ultra Music Festival , an annual music festival that takes place in Miami
`` UMF '' , the eighth track on Duran Duran ( 1993 album )
Organizations
United Minorities Front , Assam , a political party in Assam
University of Maine at Farmington
University of Michigan–Flint
The acronym of Universitatea de Medicină și Farmacie ( University of Medicine and Pharmacy ) , the name of several universities in Romania :
University of Medicine and Pharmacy of Bucharest
University of Medicine and Pharmacy of Cluj-Napoca
University of Medicine and Pharmacy of Craiova
University of Medicine and Pharmacy of Iaşi
University of Medicine and Pharmacy of Târgu Mureş
University of Medicine and Pharmacy of Timişoara
Other
Underground mine fire
Universal Message Format , an XML dialect for message passing
Unique Mānuka Factor , a grading system for Mānuka honey
International Islamic University may refer to :
International Islamic University Malaysia
Sultan Abdul Halim Mu'adzam Shah International Islamic University , Malaysia
Selangor International Islamic University , Malaysia
International Islamic University , Islamabad
International Islamic University , Chittagong
Islamic University of Technology , Bangladesh
See also
Islamic university
Islamic universities and colleges
The Kokosing Gap Trail is a 14-mile-long recreational trail built on a former Pennsylvania Railroad right-of-way alongside the Kokosing River in east central Ohio . The trail begins in Mount Vernon and winds itself to Danville via Gambier and Howard .
History
Opened in 1991 , the wide paved trail was designed for bicycling , walking and rollerblading . The trail begins in Mt . Vernon 's Phillips Park , where a large gravel parking area has been constructed . From there the trail follows Knox County 's scenic Kokosing River and surrounding countryside . Forested hills , wetlands , family farms , and the river itself offer pleasant scenery , and many opportunities for photography . The trail runs east to historic Gambier , the home of Kenyon College . Here , one can stop for a rest at one of the trail 's restroom facilities and take photos of a cosmetically restored 1940s-era ALCO 0-6-0 steam locomotive , tender , flatcar and caboose . From Gambier , the trail continues northeast toward Howard , underneath Route 36 through a stone-arched tunnel , and then continues on towards Danville . Convenient mile markers along the way make it easy to note distances and to mark progress in physical fitness programs .
This trail at present is the longest paved rail-trail in the US maintained solely by volunteers and donations . It is also one of the first 500 rail trails in the U.S .
Wildlife along the trail includes white-tailed deer , gray squirrel , chipmunk , groundhog , mink , wild turkey , great blue heron , bald eagle , and several species of hawk and owl . Spring and summer wild flowers include trillium , mayapple , and jack-in-the-pulpit .
Location
Western terminus : Phillips Park in Mount Vernon at
Eastern terminus : West of Danville at
References
Protected areas of Knox County , Ohio
Bike paths in Ohio
Rail trails in Ohio
Transportation in Knox County , Ohio
1991 establishments in Ohio
The name Local News Service refers to a variety of news resource share services all started in 2008 and 2009 . It sometimes does not refer to a specific sharing service but to the category in general . Typically , these services include pooling video crews to cover routine events and sharing helicopters used for newsgathering .
For 2009 , the biggest development for local TV was content pooling .
NBC-Fox partnerships are called Local News Service .
History
Since 2000 , Fox News , ABC and CBS have been partners in a national news pool partnership .
In January 2009 , NBC Local Media and Fox Television Stations set up the first Local News Service with their Philadelphia stations after testing since the summer 2008 . Fox and NBC then added other markets where they both own stations . In March , the first local news pool not formed by the NBC-Fox alliance was formed in Columbus , OH by Media General 's WCMH-TV and Sinclair Broadcast Group 's WSYX and WTTE . On April 1 , Fox Stations entered into its first pooling agreements without NBC in Phoenix ( KSAZ-TV ) with Scripps ' KNXV-TV and Meredith 's KPHO-TV and in Detroit ( WJBK ) with Scripps 's WXYZ-TV . The Fox ( WFLD ) -NBC ( WMAQ-TV ) partnership on May 11 started its Chicago pool its first with outside members : Tribune 's WGN-TV and CBS 's WBBM-TV . On June 29 , 2009 , six weeks after the start of the Atlanta group , WGCL-TV exited the pool as they considered it restraining their ability to differentiation . The Orlando local news service launched July 16 , 2009 is the first to include a local news cable channel , Central Florida News 13 .
Issues
There is some concern that these agreements will cause local news coverage to be overly similar `` or will enhance it . '' The involved stations claim that it will help the stations by allowing more specialized reporting by not tying up resourcing for routine events . Many of the stations involved have reduced news staff due to decreased advertising revenue . Fracturing audiences will continue the revenue decline and the need to continue to reduce costs . These partnerships are a natural solution along with outsourcing and other partnerships and content sharing to the revenue decline . However , the member stations may use the local news services as a reason for even more reduction in personnel . Others say that it will be difficult for rivals to work together .
News share services
a . Also share in an `` aerial news footage partnership ''
h. Helicopter shares
1 . WGCL dropped out of the news share pool .
Helicopter shares only
See also
Concentration of media ownership
Local marketing agreement
Media cross-ownership in the United States
References
Television news in the United States
is a Japanese professional baseball Pitcher for the Fukuoka SoftBank Hawks of Nippon Professional Baseball .
Professional career
On October 17 , 2019 , Ohzeki was drafted as developmental squad player ( : Ja : 育成選手制度 ( 日本プロ野球 ) ) by the Fukuoka SoftBank Hawks in the 2019 Nippon Professional Baseball draft .
In 2020 season , he played in informal matches against the Shikoku Island League Plus 's teams and amateur baseball teams , and played in the Western League of NPB minor leagues .
On May 28 , 2021 , Ohzeki signed a 8 million yen contract with the Fukuoka SoftBank Hawks as a registered player under management . ( : Ja : 支配下選手登録 ) On June 4 , he made his debut as a relief pitcher in the Interleague play against the Hanshin Tigers .
References
External links
Career statistics - NPB.jp
42 Tomohisa Ohzeki PLAYERS2021 - Fukuoka SoftBank Hawks Official site
1997 births
Living people
Fukuoka SoftBank Hawks players
Japanese baseball players
Nippon Professional Baseball pitchers
Baseball people from Ibaraki Prefecture
In seismology , an isoseismal map is used to show lines of equally felt seismic intensity , generally measured on the Modified Mercalli scale . Such maps help to identify earthquake epicenters , particularly where no instrumental records exist , such as for historical earthquakes . They also contain important information on ground conditions at particular locations , the underlying geology , radiation pattern of the seismic waves , and the response of different types of buildings . They form an important part of the macroseismic approach , i.e . that part of seismology dealing with noninstrumental data . The shape and size of the isoseismal regions can be used to help determine the magnitude , focal depth , and focal mechanism of an earthquake .
History
The first known isoseismal map was produced for the 1810 earthquake in Mór in Hungary , and published by Kitaibel and Tomtsányi in 1814 . The first , six-level intensity scale was proposed by Egen in 1828 for an earthquake in Rhineland . Robert Mallet coined the term `` isoseismal '' and produced a map for the 1857 Basilicata earthquake with a three-fold intensity scale and used this and other information to identify the epicentral area ( a term he also coined ) . Later studies made use of similar techniques , the main changes being to the actual seismic intensity scale employed .
Methodology
Firstly , observations of the felt intensity need to be obtained for all areas affected by the tremor . In the case of recent earthquakes , news reports are augmented by sending out questionnaires or by collecting information online about the intensity of the shaking . For a historical earthquake , the procedure is much the same , except that it requires searching through contemporary accounts in newspapers , letters , diaries , etc . Once the information has been assembled and intensities assigned at the location of the individual observations , these are plotted on a map . Isoseismal lines are then drawn to link together areas of equal shaking . Because of local variations in the ground conditions , isoseismals generally separate zones of broadly similar felt intensity , while containing areas of both higher and lower degrees of shaking . To make the isoseismals less subjective , attempts have been made to use computer-based methods of contouring such as kriging , rather than relying on visual interpolation .
Use
Locating the epicenter
In most earthquakes , the isoseismals define a single clear area of maximum intensity , which is known as the epicentral or meizoseismal area . In some earthquakes , more than one maximum exists because of the effect of ground conditions or complexities in the rupture propagation , and other information is , therefore , required to identify the area that contains the epicenter .
Measuring the magnitude
The magnitude of an earthquake can be estimated by measuring the area affected by intensity level III or above in km2 and taking the logarithm . A more accurate estimate relies on the development of regional calibration functions derived using many isoseismal radii . Such approaches allow magnitudes to be estimated for historical earthquakes .
Estimating the focal depth
The depth to the hypocenter can be estimated by comparing the sizes of different isoseismal areas . In shallow earthquakes , the lines are close together , while in deep events the lines are spread further apart .
Confirming the focal mechanism
Focal mechanisms are routinely calculated using teleseismic data , but an ambiguity remains as two potential fault planes always are possible . The shape of the areas of the highest intensity are generally elongated along the direction of the active fault plane .
Testing seismic hazard assessments
Because of the relatively long history of macroseismic intensity observations ( sometimes stretching back many centuries in some regions ) , isoseismal maps can be used to test seismic hazard assessments by comparing the expected temporal frequency of different levels of intensity , assuming an assessment is true and the observed rate of exceedance .
References
Seismology
Britta Heidemann ( born 22 December 1982 ) is a German épée fencer .
In 2016 , Heidemann became a member of the International Olympic Committee ( IOC ) .
Career
Épée Fencing
At the age of 14 , already being a successful athlete and swimmer , Britta Heidemann had her first contact with fencing in a variation of modern pentathlon called Friesenkampf . After first switching to modern pentathlon , at the end of 2000 , she began to specialize in fencing .
In 2001 , she became épée junior world vice-champion and junior European champion . In 2002 , she reached third place in the World Fencing Championships , in 2003 second with the team . In 2004 , she won third place with the team in the Fencing World Cup . During the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens , she won the silver medal in the team with Claudia Bokel and Imke Duplitzer .
In 2007 , she became world champion in singles in Saint Petersburg and at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing , she won the gold medal in the individual competitions . A year later , in 2009 , Heidemann secured the European championship title , thus becoming the first épée fencer to hold all three major titles at once . In 2011 , she became German épée champion . Heidemann progressed to the finals of the individual competition of the 2012 Summer Olympics in London ( barely beating South Korea 's Shin A-lam due to a controversial clock malfunction ) and eventually lost to Ukraine 's Yana Shemyakina .
Charities
Britta Heidemann donates time to the Bundesliga Foundation , a charity that sponsors health and integration projects . She also supports the EU initiative `` Youth on the Move '' as well as the campaign `` Kinderträume 2011 '' ( child dreams 2011 ) .
Personal life
Heidemann currently lives in Cologne .
See also
Germany at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Bibliography
Erfolg ist eine Frage der Haltung : Was Sie vom Fechten für das Leben lernen können. , Ariston , München 2011 ,
References
External links
Entry in the Who 's Who of Leverkusen
1982 births
Living people
German female fencers
Fencers at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Fencers at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Fencers at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Olympic fencers of Germany
Olympic silver medalists for Germany
Olympic gold medalists for Germany
Olympic medalists in fencing
Sportspeople from Cologne
Medalists at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 2004 Summer Olympics
International Olympic Committee members
European Games competitors for Germany
Fencers at the 2015 European Games
Henry Potonié ( 16 November 1857 – 28 November 1913 ) was a German botanist and paleobotanist , known for his studies of coal formation .
Potonié was born in Berlin . He studied botany at the University of Berlin , and from 1880 served as a research assistant in the botanical garden at Berlin . In 1885 he became associated with the Prussian Geological Survey , and from that time , devoted most of his time to paleobotanical research . In 1891 he was appointed professor of paleobotany at the Mining Academy in Berlin , then around 1901 , became a professor of paleobotany and geology at the university .
In 1888 , he became editor of the Naturwissenschaftliche Wochenschrift , a periodical that he was associated with for 24 years , and supported several associations devoted to popularize science in Berlin , such as the Urania .
He died in Berlin , age 56 .
Selected works
In 1899 he published the highly acclaimed Lehrbuch der Pflanzenpalaeontologie ( Textbook of Plant Paleontology ) ; its second edition being published in 1921 by Walther Gothan with the title Lehrbuch der Paläobotanik . Potonié 's other principal works include :
Illustrierte Flora von Nord- und Mittel-Deutschland mit einer Einführung in die Botanik , 1885 – Illustrated flora of northern and central Germany , etc .
Die Pflanzenwelt Norddeutschlands in den verschiedenen Zeitepochen , besonders seit der Eiszeit , 1886 – The plant life in northern Germany of different time periods , especially since the Ice Age .
Die entstehung der steinkohle und verwandter bildungen einschliesslich des petroleums , 1905 – The genesis of hard coal and related formations , including petroleum .
Grundlinien der Pflanzen-morphologie im Lichte der Palaeontologie , 1912 – Elements of plant morphology in the light of paleontology .
References
1857 births
1913 deaths
Scientists from Berlin
Humboldt University of Berlin alumni
Humboldt University of Berlin faculty
Paleobotanists
19th-century German botanists
20th-century German botanists
`` Der Doppelgänger '' is one of the six songs from Franz Schubert 's Schwanengesang that sets words by Heinrich Heine for piano and tenor voice . It was written in 1828 , the year of Schubert 's death .
Text
The title `` Der Doppelgänger '' is Schubert 's ; in Heine 's ( 1827 ) the poem is untitled , making the ending a surprise . Heine used the spelling `` Doppeltgänger '' .
Still ist die Nacht , es ruhen die Gassen ,
In diesem Hause wohnte mein Schatz ;
Sie hat schon längst die Stadt verlassen ,
Doch steht noch das Haus auf demselben Platz .
Da steht auch ein Mensch und starrt in die Höhe ,
Und ringt die Hände , vor Schmerzensgewalt ;
Mir graust es , wenn ich sein Antlitz sehe , -
Der Mond zeigt mir meine eigne Gestalt .
Du Doppelgänger ! du bleicher Geselle !
Was äffst du nach mein Liebesleid ,
Das mich gequält auf dieser Stelle ,
So manche Nacht , in alter Zeit ?
The night is quiet , the streets are calm ,
In this house my beloved once lived :
She has long since left the town ,
But the house still stands , here in the same place .
A man stands there also and looks to the sky ,
And wrings his hands , overwhelmed by pain :
I am terrified – when I see his face ,
The moon shows me my own form !
O you Doppelgänger ! you pale comrade !
Why do you ape the pain of my love
Which tormented me upon this spot
So many a night , so long ago ?
Context
Heine 's Buch der Lieder is divided into five sections ; all the poems set in Schwanengesang are from the third , Die Heimkehr ( The Homecoming ) . In Schwanengesang , this song stands at the end of the Heine songs , although Heine 's order is different and it has been argued that the sequence works better dramatically when the songs are performed in their order of appearance in the Buch der Lieder .
This song 's context requires some background in the Doppelg % C3 % A4nger mythology to parse . Seeing one 's own Doppelgänger in this mythology implies that you are dead , so the middle of the piece reaches a peak as the singer realizes that the stranger is their Doppelgänger . Immediately afterwards the piece becomes very quiet as the singer internally comes to terms with the reality that they did not , in fact , return from the war .
Music
`` Der Doppelgänger '' is through-composed ; each stanza 's setting is different , but not altogether different : the song is a kind of passacaglia on the theme of the first four bars of the piano part . This ambiguous harmonic progression is made of chords that lack one note , leaving it unclear what the harmony is . The first chord lacks a third , so could be B major or B minor . The second has only the interval of a third , so it is unclear whether it is the first inversion of a D-sharp minor chord or the second inversion of F-sharp major . This ambiguity is only resolved with the entry of the voice , when the harmony of B minor with its dominant , F-sharp major , is established .
The piano part , consisting almost entirely of block chords that gradually become denser , dominates the song and does much to give it its feeling of inexorability , and its brief abandonment ( displaced by a succession of increasingly dissonant chords ) at the climax of the song signals the frantic horror of the poet . At this point , the initially ambiguous harmony returns with a modulation to D-sharp minor on the words Was äffst du nach mein Liebesleid ( bar 47 ) .
The song is 63 bars long , and in a typical performance lasts between 4 and 5 minutes . It is in the key of B minor , the same as Schubert 's Unfinished Symphony .
References
External links
, Dietrich Fischer-Dieskau , Gerald Moore ( Franz Schubert – The Song Cycles , Deutsche Grammophon )
Lieder composed by Franz Schubert
Musical settings of poems by Heinrich Heine
Compositions in B minor
1828 compositions
The NFL lockout may refer to any of the lockouts or strikes in the history of the National Football League :
The 1968 NFL strike/lockout , which lasted 12 days before the start of the 1968 season .
The 1970 NFL strike/lockout , which lasted a few days in July 1970 .
The 1974 NFL strike , which lasted for two months before the start of the 1974 season .
The 1982 NFL strike , which lasted for eight weeks , forced the 1982 season to be shortened to 9 games per team .
The 1987 NFL strike , which lasted for 24 days and forced the 1987 season to be shortened to 15 games per team .
The 2001 NFL referee lockout , which lasted until September 19 and an agreement was reached to end the 2 week lockout .
The 2011 NFL lockout , which lasted for over five months , resulted in cancellation of Pro Football Hall of Fame Game between the Chicago Bears and St. Louis Rams , but preserved the 2011 regular season .
The 2012 NFL referee lockout , which impacted the first few weeks of the 2012 NFL season .
See also
MLB lockout
MLS lockout
NBA lockout
NHL lockout
Lockout
Sports labor disputes in the United States
In U.S. Federal income tax law , recognition is among a series of prerequisites to the manifestation of gains and losses used to determine tax liability . First , in the series for manifesting gain and loss , a taxpayer must `` realize '' gain and loss . This word `` realize '' is a term of art that refers to the realization requirement where the taxpayer must receive or lose something of monetary value . Once the realization requirement is met , gains and losses are taken into account only to the extent that they are also `` recognized . ''
Internal Revenue Code section 1001 ( c ) provides that gains and losses , if realized , are also recognized unless otherwise provided in the Code . This default rule has several exceptions , called `` nonrecognition '' rules , which are scattered throughout the Code . These exceptions often apply in situations in which a taxpayer shifts his investment from one piece of property to another piece of property . In such cases , where the taxpayer is merely continuing his investment , it makes sense to defer the recognition of any gain or loss realized until the taxpayer truly ends the investment .
Internal Revenue Code sections 1031 through 1045 provide the most commonly implicated nonrecognition rules , including the section 1031 rule for Like-Kind Exchanges .
Impact
Recognition is mostly a matter of timing ; the issue is not whether income or loss is taken into account , but when . The time of recognition may matter for a number of reasons , including the time value of money and the section 1211 ( b ) limitation on capital losses in a single year .
References
Taxation in the United States
The 1996 Hall of Fame Tennis Championships ( also known as 1996 Miller Lite Hall of Fame Championships for sponsorship reasons ) was a tennis tournament played on grass courts at the International Tennis Hall of Fame in Newport , Rhode Island in the United States and was part of the World Series of the 1996 ATP Tour . It was the 21st edition of the tournament and was held from July 8 through July 14 , 1996 .
Finals
Singles
Nicolás Pereira defeated Grant Stafford 4–6 , 6–4 , 6–4
It was Pereira 's only singles title of the year and the 2nd of his career .
Doubles
Marius Barnard / Piet Norval defeated Paul Kilderry / Michael Tebbutt 6–7 , 6–4 , 6–4
It was Barnard 's 2nd title of the year and the 4th of his career . It was Norval 's 1st title of the year and the 6th of his career .
References
External links
Official website
ATP tournament profile
ITF tournament edition details
Miller Lite Hall of Fame Championships
Miller Lite Hall of Fame Tennis Championships
Miller Lite Hall of Fame Tennis Championships
Miller Lite Hall of Fame Tennis Championships
Hall of Fame Open
Baltalı is a village in the District of Şereflikoçhisar , Ankara Province , Turkey .
References
Villages in Şereflikoçhisar District
Sir John William Gilbert KBE , KCSG , KSS , JP ( 23 October 1871 – 21 December 1934 ) was an alderman of the London County Council ( LCC ) from 1910 until his death . He served in various roles within the council , with organisations associated with the poor , with education and with administration in London and on organisations related to the Catholic Church .
Life
Gilbert was born in Southwark as the youngest son of James Gilbert . He attended school at St. Joseph 's Academy , Kensington and St. Joseph 's College , Clapham and Tooting and gained a Bachelor of Arts degree from University of London in 1891 before becoming a school teacher . He was Assistant Master of secondary schools , London from 1891 to 1895 .
Having been co-opted to the LCC 's education committee in 1908 , he was elected an alderman of the council in 1910 . For the LCC , he served as the Chair of the education committee ( 1913–17 and 1928–32 ) , the Chair of the general purpose committee ( 1921–27 ) and as Vice-chairman ( 1917–18 ) and Chairman ( 1920–21 ) of the full council .
He served as a member of the University of London 's senate ( 1921–29 ) and court ( 1929–34 ) . He was a member of the Burnham committee ( 1931–34 ) and the London Passenger Transport Board ( 1933–34 ) .
Gilbert was actively engaged in social work in south London . In 1896 he became secretary of the Providence Row Night Home and Refuge , and was at various times manager of Catholic schools in and near London . He was a member of the Poor Law Inspectors ' Advisory Committee on Homeless Poor , and the Executive Committee of the Southwark Rescue Society .
He was a contributor to the Catholic Truth Society , The Month , The Tablet , and the Catholic Encyclopedia .
Gilbert never married and he died at his home in Denmark Hill on 21 December 1934 .
Honours
For his work with Catholic organisations , Gilbert was appointed Knight of the Order of St. Sylvester by Pope Pius X in 1909 and Knight Commander of the Order of St. Gregory the Great by Pope Benedict XV in 1920 .
In the 1921 New Year Honours List , Gilbert was appointed a Knight Commander of the Order of the British Empire .
He was awarded an honorary doctorate by the University of London in 1932 .
See also
List of chairmen of the London County Council
References
External links
London Transport Museum photographic collection
1871 births
1934 deaths
Members of London County Council
People from Southwark
Knights Commander of the Order of the British Empire
Knights Commander of the Order of St Gregory the Great
Knights of the Order of St. Sylvester
Alumni of the University of London
Contributors to the Catholic Encyclopedia
Franklin Louis Young ( born September 7 , 1984 ) is an American college basketball coach and retired player , currently an assistant at Appalachian State . Young played college basketball for the West Virginia Mountaineers and professionally in several European leagues . Young was commonly referred to as `` Frank The Tank '' by West Virginia fans .
Early life
Franklin Louis Young was born to Frank B . Young , Jr. and Hattie Mary Young in Tallahassee , Florida . While he excelled as a football quarterback and baseball pitcher in middle school , Young decided to focus exclusively on basketball , where he became a starter on the varsity team at Florida High School as a freshman . As a senior , Young was ranked # 164 prospect by Hoop Scoop and was one of the Top 250 prospect by Prep Stars . Bob Gibbons also ranked Young as the 160th best recruit . Young averaged 19 points and 10 rebounds as a junior , but his best season was his senior year . As a senior , he averaged 22.3 points and 10.1 rebounds while being named the Tallahassee Democrat all-Big Bend Player of the Year and 2A Florida State Player of the Year runner-up . Young was also selected to Florida Sports Writers Association 's Class 2A all-state squad .
Collegiate career
Freshman season
Young entered West Virginia University during the 2003 campaign . Young played 21 games as a freshman , but only averaged 1.1 points and 1 rebound . Young 's best game was when he scored six points against Maryland on two three-point shots . He also scored five points against Kent State in the NIT Tournament . 21 of Young 's 23 points actually came on three-pointers . Young competed in the 2004 European tour , where he averaged 7.0 points and 3.2 rebounds . In the last game of the tour , Young scored 21 points against Germany .
Sophomore season
In Young 's sophomore campaign of 2004 , he played in 32 games , starting three of the contests . Young only averaged 3.3 points and 1.3 rebounds though . His season total of points was 105 though , as he played behind a talented roster of young stars . One of Young 's best games of the year came against Coppin State , when he scored four points and grabbed four rebounds . Young 's best offensive performance of the regular season came against Providence , when he scored 11 points off of 3-4 three-point shots . Young started his first game of the season against Boston College in the Big East Tournament , when he scored a then career-best 14 points , 3-5 of those shots from three-point range . He also started against Villanova in the tourney and against Syracuse in the tourney finals . In the NCAA Tournament , his best performance came in the first game against Creighton when he scored eight points .
Junior season
As a junior in 2005 , Young was backup to a prestigious class of seniors , including Kevin Pittsnogle and Mike Gansey . But still , Young started 32 of 33 games played , averaging 7.4 points and 3.5 rebounds . He also dished out 66 assists and shot 40.8 percent from the field . Against Washington & Jefferson , Young scored seven points while grabbing six rebounds for his best performance of his season so far . He then matched his career-high of 14 points against Oklahoma a few games later . Against the UCLA squad , Young scored eight points with five rebounds in the upset win . In the Big East Tournament Championship game , Young grabbed a team-high five rebounds against Pittsburgh . In the NCAA Tourney , Young played fair during the three games . The Mountaineers tourney hopes ended when Texas ended their run on a game-winning three-point shot . In the loss , Young only scored three points .
Senior season
In Young 's final season of 2006–07 , Young posted his best performance yet . With the very young and depleted Mountaineer squad , Young averaged 14.7 points per game and 4.3 rebounds . Young set a career-high of points in the fourth game of the season with 21 points against Montana . Then three games later against North Carolina State , Young scored 16 points with 7 rebounds . The very next game against Duquesne , Young scored 18 , followed by 16 points at Savannah State . He then set a career-high 22 points against UConn , and then set it again the next game against Villanova with 25 points . Against in-state rival Marshall , Young tied his season and career-high of 25 points . In the upset win over # 2 UCLA , Young scored 14 points along with 7 rebounds . To start the Big East Tournament , Young posted 12 points against Cincinnati then 21 points and 6 rebounds against Providence . In the loss to Louisville , Young posted 19 points and 6 rebounds . Young was named to the all-Big East team for his regular season performances . Young 's best performances of the season came in the NIT Tournament though , when he opened up against Delaware State with 17 points . He followed up that performance with a career-high 31 points against UMass , then 25 points and 5 rebounds against NC State . Young totaled 73 points alone so far in the Tourney , as the Mountaineers moved to their last NIT semifinal appearance since 1981 . In the semifinal game against Mississippi State , won by a Darris Nichols ' three-point buzzer-beater 63-62 , Young scored 16 points , second on the team , and grabbed 6 rebounds . Two days later , when the Mountaineers won the NIT Championship against Clemson 78-73 , Young led the team in one of his best performances with 24 points on just 10 shots from the field and 5 rebounds . Young 's final game had him leading his team in points , tied for the lead in the game with rebounds , and was 6-7 in three-point shooting . Young totaled 113 points in the five tourney games of his senior year , which were the greatest games his career as he ended his senior season with strong performances , leading his team to the Championship , and Young was named the tournament 's MVP with 22.3 points per game .
Career
Frank Young has been noted as being one of the greatest three-point shooters in Mountaineer history . Young has made 187 out of 499 three-point shots , racking up 117 three-point shots made alone in his senior season , out of 270 three-points attempted . Young broke the team-record for most three-points in a season in the NC State game in the NIT Tournament of Young 's 06-07 season , breaking Chris Leonard 's record of 101 treys with his 107 treys after the NC State game . Young is also noted for his rebounding skills , grabbing 337 career rebounds .
Young finished with the 10th best career 3-point shooting percentage ( 37.5 % ) and the 9th most games played ( 122 ) in school history .
Professional career
2007
Frank Young signed with the EnBW Ludwigsburg Team in Ludwigsburg , Germany . EnBW Ludwigsburg plays in the Basketball Bundesliga , Germany 's highest level of club basketball where play determines the National Champion . Stats 10 games : 7.4ppg , 2.1rpg , 2FGP : 57.1 % , 3PT : 28.0 % , FT : 50.0 % ; ULEB Cup : 4 games : 9.5ppg , 1.3rpg ,
In December 2007 he left the team
2008
In January 2008 , he moved to the Rotterdam Challengers ( NED-Eredivisie ) , a team in Rotterdam , The Netherlands and he played there until the end of the season . Stats : 21 games : 9.6ppg , 3.1rpg , 1.3apg , 1.3spg , FGP : 38.3 % , 3PT : 36.1 % , FT : 40.0 %
4 November 2008 , Frank Young signed for Landstede Basketbal a team in Zwolle , The Netherlands
2010
For the 2010/2011 Season , Young signed for the Crailsheim Merlins in the German Pro A League .
Coaching career
Following the end of his playing career , Young entered the college coaching ranks . After stints on the West Virginia Wesleyan and North Florida staffs , Young accepted an assistant coach role at Presbyterian in June , 2017 .
On April 18 , 2019 , he was named assistant coach at Appalachian State by the new head coach Dustin Kerns , who Young served under while at Presbyterian .
References
External links
Presbyterian Blue Hose bio
Official Website of EnBW Ludwigsburg
Official Website of Euro-basketball
Official Athletic Website of WVU - Men 's Basketball
Official Website of Landstede Basketbal
1984 births
Living people
American expatriate basketball people in Germany
American expatriate basketball people in the Netherlands
American men 's basketball players
Basketball coaches from Florida
Crailsheim Merlins players
Feyenoord Basketball players
Forwards ( basketball )
Landstede Hammers players
Presbyterian Blue Hose men 's basketball coaches
Riesen Ludwigsburg players
Basketball players from Tallahassee , Florida
West Virginia Mountaineers men 's basketball players
West Virginia Wesleyan Bobcats basketball coaches
Ohio 's 20th senatorial district is based in east-central Ohio . It used to stretch into southeastern Ohio . It is made up of the counties of Fairfield , Hocking , Morgan , Muskingum and Guernsey as well as portions of Pickaway and Athens counties . It encompasses Ohio House of Representatives districts 77 , 78 and 97 . It has a Cook PVI of R+5 . Its Ohio Senator is Republican Tim Schaffer . He resides in Lancaster , a city located in Fairfield County .
List of senators
References
External links
Ohio 's 20th district senator at the 130th Ohio General Assembly official website
Ohio State Senate districts
Balquhain , also known as Balquhain Stone Circle , is a recumbent stone circle from Inverurie in Scotland . It is a scheduled ancient monument .
Description and measurements
It is located in farmland at an altitude of c. on a terraced hillside leading up to a prominent summit called Mither Tap . The circle originally consisted of 12 stones . Four remain standing , with another four fallen , the final four presumed to have been moved .
The recumbent altar stone is wide , high and deep , it has been estimated to weigh over ten tonnes . It is made is of a type of white grained granite that has been suggested to have been brought some distance to the location . The eastern flanker stone is wide and made of dark grey basalt with a round top . The western flanker stone is wide and made of reddish quartzite bearing inclusions of white quartz and having a pointed top . The stone east of the east flanker is made of red granite . There is also an outlying stone to the southeast of the circle that is high and made of white quartz with roseate seams .
The circle has been estimated to have been between to in diameter . Alexander Thom suggested the circle had been and Fred Coles of only . The circle also displays suggested rock art including cup marks and a noticeable rounded bump on the recumbent stone that resembles the outline of the prominent hill behind it .
Astronomical alignments
It was discovered in the 1980s that Balquhain had lunar associations . The eastern flanker is aligned to the most southerly moonrise at 172 degrees , whilst the western flanker is aligned to the minor moonset at 232 degrees . The major moonset is aligned over the central hump of the recumbent stone at 190 degrees .
References
External links
Illustrated entry in the Megalithic Portal
Stone Age sites in Scotland
Stone circles in Aberdeenshire
Archaeological sites in Aberdeenshire
Scheduled Ancient Monuments in Aberdeenshire
Inverurie
Bavithra , also known as VJ Bavithra , is an Indian actress , Anchor and Model known for her works in Tamil Television as well as some new movies . She is best known for portraying the lead role in Nila . Bavithra continues to be the only Tamil woman to have ever won the Miss South India beauty pageant .
Career
Bavithra is an MBA graduate and worked for a Corporate for 3 years before embarking onto her passion in modelling and anchoring . In 2016 , she debuted as one of the lead actresses with 50/50 pairing with V. Sethuraman . She became a popular household face while hosting Vanakkam Tamizha , a live breakfast television show before she landed the lead role in Nila in 2019 which went on to air for more than 500 episodes . She has also appeared in the web series Nila Nila Odi Vaa .
Filmography
Films
Television
Awards and nominations
References
External links
Living people
Tamil television actresses
Actresses from Tamil Nadu
Actresses in Tamil television
Actresses in Tamil cinema
Indian television actresses
Indian film actresses
21st-century Indian actresses
1995 births
Paul Drekmann ( 13 November 1893 – 9 March 1960 ) was a German general during World War II . He was a recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross of Nazi Germany .
Awards and decorations
Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross on 28 March 1945 as Generalleutnant and commander of 252 . Infanterie-Division
References
Citations
Bibliography
1893 births
1960 deaths
Military personnel from Hamburg
Lieutenant generals of the German Army ( Wehrmacht )
German military personnel of World War I
Recipients of the clasp to the Iron Cross , 1st class
German military personnel of the Spanish Civil War
Recipients of the Gold German Cross
Recipients of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross
German prisoners of war in World War II held by the United Kingdom
Simone Sancioni ( born 8 November 1988 ) is an Italian motorcycle racer .
Career statistics
Grand Prix motorcycle racing
By season
Races by year
References
External links
Living people
1988 births
Italian motorcycle racers
125cc World Championship riders
People from Cesena
Sportspeople from the Province of Forlì-Cesena
Bob Bryan and Mike Bryan were the defending champions , but lost in the quarterfinals to Jeff Coetzee and Wesley Moodie .
Rafael Nadal and Tommy Robredo won in the final 6–3 , 6–3 , against Mahesh Bhupathi and Mark Knowles .
Seeds
All seeds receive a bye into the second round .
Draw
Finals
Top half
Bottom half
External links
Association of Tennis Professionals ( ATP ) draw
Doubles
Maritta Becker ( born 11 March 1981 in Heilbronn , West Germany ) is a German ice hockey forward and coach .
International career
Becker was selected for the Germany women 's national ice hockey team in the 2002 , 2006 and 2014 Winter Olympics . In 2002 , she led the team in scoring , with three goals and two assists . In 2006 , she again led the team , with the same point totals . In 2014 , she had one assist in five games .
Becker also played for Germany in the qualifying event for the 2010 Winter Olympics and the 2006 qualifying .
As of 2014 , Becker has also appeared for Germany at eight IIHF Women 's World Championships . Her first appearance came in 1999 .
Becker has also served as an assistant coach of the women 's national team , at the 2012 , and as a head coach of the Germany women 's national under-18 ice hockey team , at the IIHF World Women 's U18 Championships in 2012 and 2013
Career statistics
International career
Through 2013-14 season
References
External links
Eurohockey.com Profile
1981 births
Sportspeople from Heilbronn
Living people
Olympic ice hockey players of Germany
Ice hockey players at the 2002 Winter Olympics
Ice hockey players at the 2006 Winter Olympics
Ice hockey players at the 2014 Winter Olympics
German women 's ice hockey forwards
AIK IF players
HC Lugano players
Ansar Bait al-Maqdis ( ABM ; ) , or Ansar Al-Quds ( ) , was a jihadist , extremist militant group based in Egypt .
Ansar Bait al-Maqdis was linked to al-Qaeda from 2011 to 2014 . It operated in the Sinai Peninsula , focused its efforts on Egypt and the gas pipeline to Jordan , with a handful attacks directed at Israel . In mid-2013 , it began a campaign of attacks on Egyptian security forces , and in November 2014 the group pledged allegiance to the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant ( ISIL ) . Most of the group became a branch of ISIL , renaming itself ISIL-Sinai Province .
Overview
ABM emerged from a number of indigenous Salafi jihadist groups in the Sinai Peninsula . Some of these groups had ties to Salafi jihadis in Gaza or leaders that had previously fought abroad , including with al-Qaeda .
ABM rose from the chaos in Sinai that began with the uprising in January 2011 . Its operations increased in the wake of the 2013 Egyptian coup d'état , shifting its main target from Israel to Egyptian security forces , declaring the Egyptian army and police apostates that can be killed .
ABM was believed to have been the main group behind militant activity in the Sinai . From September 2013 to late January 2014 , ABM claimed responsibility for a rapid succession of mass scale attacks throughout Egypt , including the attempted assassination of the Egyptian interior minister Mohamed Ibrahim . ABM recruited Bedouins as well as other Egyptians and people of other nationalities . Ten leaders from the group were reported to have escaped from the Sinai to Gaza and Marsa Matrouh in late 2013 .
During 2014 , ABM sent emissaries to ISIL in Syria to seek financial support , weapons and tactical advice . On 10 November 2014 , many members of ABM took an oath of allegiance to Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi , the leader of ISIL . Following this pledge , ISIL supporters within ABM formed an official branch of ISIL in the region , known as Wilayat Sinai , the Sinai Province of the Islamic State ( or ISIL-SP ) .
Designation as a terrorist organization
ABM or ISIL-SP was designated a terrorist organization by Egypt , the UAE , the United Kingdom , and the United States .
Attacks
Attacks claimed by or attributed to ABM include :
bombing of the gas pipelines Egypt to Israel and Jordan multiple times .
September 2012 southern Israel cross-border attack .
September 2013 assassination attempt on the minister of interior Mohamed Ibrahim Moustafa .
October 2013 attack on a military intelligence building in Ismailia .
November 2013 , assassination of Mohamed Mabrouk , a security officer involved in the trial against Mohamed Morsi , who was shot dead outside his home in Nasr City .
24 December 2013 bombing of a police compound in Mansoura , killing at least 16 people , including 14 police officers .
31 January 2014 , a rocket was launched from the Sinai Peninsula aimed at Eilat , Israel . The Iron Dome system intercepted the rocket .
20 January 2014 attack in Eilat . No damage or injuries were reported .
23 January 2014 attack on a police checkpoint in Beni Suef that killed 5 people .
January 2014 Cairo bombings that took place in late January 2014 , though it later indicated that the Soldiers of Egypt group was behind one of the bombings .
25 January 2014 shooting down of a military helicopter in the Sinai .
28 January 2014 assassination of Mohamed Al-Saied ( who was a member of Egypt 's Interior Ministry ) .
31 January 2014 attempted attack on Eilat . The rocket was intercepted by the Iron Dome system .
16 February 2014 Taba bus bombing that killed four people , including three Korean tourists and an Egyptian bus driver . The group warned all tourists to leave Egypt before 20 February 2014 .
2 May 2014 attacks that killed 3 people in the Sinai .
on 19 July 2014 Ansar Bait al-Maqdis ambushed Egyptian army soldiers , this event is knows as the 2014 Farafra ambush
on 28 August 2014 ABM released a video showing the beheading of 4 Egyptians accused of being Mossad spies and providing Israel with intelligence .
late September 2014 killing of 6 security personnel .
On 8 October 2014 , a faction of ABM in the Gaza Strip , calling itself the Islamic State of Gaza , launched a bomb attack on the French Cultural Center in the city of Gaza , only to issue a statement several hours later denying any responsibility for the attack .
ABM released a graphic propaganda video claiming responsibility for the 24 October 2014 Sinai attacks that killed 28 soldiers northwest of the town of Arish . The group is also responsible for a drive-by shooting several hours later at a checkpoint in Arish that killed three soldiers .
After November 2014 , attacks by the group were claimed as those of ISIL-SP .
See also
Sinai insurgency
Timeline of the Sinai insurgency
References
Global Terrorism Database : List over Ansar Bait al-Maqdis attacks : http : //www.start.umd.edu/gtd/search/Results.aspx ? page=1 & casualties_type= & casualties_max= & perpetrator=40074 & count=100 & charttype=line & chart=overtime & expanded=no & ob=GTDID & od=asc # results-table
2010s in Egypt
2011 establishments in Egypt
2014 disestablishments in Egypt
Groups affiliated with al-Qaeda
Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant in Egypt
Jihadist groups in Egypt
Organisations of the Egyptian Crisis ( 2011–2014 )
Organizations disestablished in 2014
Organizations designated as terrorist by Egypt
Organizations designated as terrorist by the United Arab Emirates
Organisations designated as terrorist by the United Kingdom
Organizations designated as terrorist by the United States
Organizations designated as terrorist in Africa
Organizations designated as terrorist in Asia
Organizations established in 2011
Sinai Peninsula
Toluidine blue , also known as TBO or tolonium chloride ( INN ) is a blue cationic ( basic ) dye used in histology and sometimes clinically .
Test for lignin
Toluidine blue solution is used in testing for lignin , a complex organic molecule that bonds to cellulose fibres and strengthens and hardens the cell walls in plants . A positive toluidine blue test causes the solution to turn from blue to pink . A similar test can be performed with phloroglucinol-HCl solution , which turns red .
Other histological uses
Toluidine blue is often used to identify mast cells , by virtue of the heparin in their cytoplasmic granules . It is also used to stain proteoglycans and glycosaminoglycans in tissues such as cartilage . The strongly acidic macromolecular carbohydrates of mast cells and cartilage are coloured red by the blue dye , a phenomenon called metachromasia .
Alkaline solutions of toluidine blue are commonly used for staining semi-thin ( 0.5 to 1 μm ) sections of resin-embedded tissue . At high pH ( about 10 ) the dye binds to nucleic acids and all proteins . Although everything in the tissue is stained , structural details are clearly visible because of the thinness of the sections . Semi-thin sections are used in conjunction with ultra-thin sections examined by electron microscopy .
Toluidine blue is also commonly used to stain frozen sections ( rapid microscopic analysis of a specimen ) . Because time is of the essence for a frozen section , toluidine blue allows for the frozen section to be stained and reviewed in 10-20 seconds . The other staining method for frozen sections ( rapid H & E ) takes approximately 60 to 90 seconds .
Clinical uses
The dye is sometimes used by surgeons to help highlight areas of mucosal dysplasia ( which preferentially take up the dye compared to normal tissue ) in premalignant lesions ( e.g . leukoplakia ) . This can be used to choose the best site of the lesion to biopsy , or during surgery to remove the lesion to decide whether to remove more tissue from the margins of the excision defect or leave it behind .
References
Carson FL ( 1997 ) Histotechnology . A Self-Instructional Text . 2nd ed . American Society of Clinical Pathologists , Chicago .
Green FJ ( 1990 ) The Sigma-Aldrich Handbook of Stains , Dyes and Indicators . Aldrich Chemical Company , Milwaukee , Wisconsin .
Horobin RW , Kiernan JA , Eds ( 2002 ) Conn 's Biological Stains . A Handbook of Dyes , Stains and Fluorochromes for Use in Biology and Medicine . 10th ed . BIOS , Oxford .
Kiernan JA ( 2008 ) Histological and Histochemical Methods : Theory and Practice . 4th ed . Scion , Bloxham , UK .
Phenothiazines
Thiazine dyes
Chlorides
Brahim Ferradj ( born 4 September 1987 ) is a former footballer who played as a fullback on both sides of the pitch , or as a defensive midfielder . Born in France , he elected to represent Algeria at international level .
Club career
Ferradj played for Stade Brest in the French Ligue 2 until May 2014 when his contract with the club expired without being renewed .
International career
On 14 May 2011 , Ferradj was called up to the Algerian national team for the first time for a 2012 Africa Cup of Nations qualifier against Morocco .
References
External links
Profile at Soccerway
1987 births
Living people
Footballers from Saint-Étienne
Association football defenders
Algerian footballers
French sportspeople of Algerian descent
French footballers
AJ Auxerre players
Stade Brestois 29 players
Ligue 1 players
Ligue 2 players
Algerian expatriate footballers
Boka is a waterfall in the western part of Slovenia , near the Soča River . It begins at a karst spring and has two stages , of which the first is high and wide , and the second is high .
Overview
The waterfall is supplied by a karst spring under an almost vertical limestone wall . Because of its karst nature , the spring has a relatively large discharge due to its underground drainage in the mountains of Kanin . During the driest periods , water flux is around , and reaches up to after extensive rains . The stream ( also called Boka ) flows for about over a rocky shelf before falling over the rocks as a spectacular waterfall . This happens in two not so clearly separated stages , of which the upper one has a height of , and the lower one . The width of the two stages is around .
Below the waterfall , Boka Creek flows over a steep valley with stony bottom and empties into the Soča River after less than , which makes it one of the shortest streams in Slovenia .
Access
The waterfall is located on the right bank of the Soča River , about from the river . The starting point to visit the waterfall is on the regional road between Kobarid and Bovec , about upstream from the village of Žaga or downstream from the town of Bovec . The waterfall is visible from this road , especially its upper part . Next to the road and Boka Creek , there is a parking lot , and a gravel road leads uphill towards the waterfall . After about , this road splits into path over the stream on the left , which transitions to a secured climbing path leading to the source of the waterfall , and into the path on the right that leads to the waterfall .
References
External links
Boka at Slapovi Slovenije
Waterfalls of Slovenia
The 2020–21 season will be Budafoki MTE 's 2nd competitive season , 1st consecutive season in the OTP Bank Liga and 109th year in existence as a football club .
Transfers
Summer
In :
Out :
Source :
Winter
In :
Out :
Source :
Nemzeti Bajnokság I
League table
Results summary
Results by round
Matches
Hungarian Cup
Statistics
Appearances and goals
Last updated on 15 May 2021 .
|-
|colspan= '' 14 '' |Out to loan :
|-
|colspan= '' 14 '' |Players no longer at the club :
| }
Top scorers
Includes all competitive matches . The list is sorted by shirt number when total goals are equal .
Last updated on 15 May 2021
Disciplinary record
Includes all competitive matches . Players with 1 card or more included only .
Last updated on 15 May 2021
Overall
{ |class= '' wikitable ''
|-
|Games played || 38 ( 33 Nemzeti Bajnokság I and 5 Hungarian Cups )
|-
|Games won || 11 ( 7 Nemzeti Bajnokság I and 4 Hungarian Cups )
|-
|Games drawn || 6 ( 6 Nemzeti Bajnokság I and 0 Hungarian Cups )
|-
|Games lost || 21 ( 20 Nemzeti Bajnokság I and 1 Hungarian Cup )
|-
|Goals scored || 58
|-
|Goals conceded || 80
|-
|Goal difference || -22
|-
|Yellow cards || 78
|-
|Red cards || 4
|-
|rowspan= '' 1 '' |The Worst discipline || András Huszti ( 6 , 2 )
|-
|rowspan= '' 1 '' |Best result || 11–0 ( A ) v Dunavarsány - Hungarian Cup - 10-2-2021
|-
|rowspan= '' 1 '' |The Worst result || 2–9 ( H ) v Paks - Nemzeti Bajnokság I - 24-4-2021
|-
|rowspan= '' 1 '' |Most appearances || Dávid Kovács ( 38 appearances )
|-
|rowspan= '' 1 '' |Top scorer || Dávid Kovács ( 12 goals )
|-
|Points || 39/114 ( 34.21 % )
|-
References
External links
Official Website
fixtures and results
History and others
Budafoki MTE
Hungarian football clubs 2020–21 season
Prince Chitcharoen , the Prince Narisara Nuwattiwong ( ; 28 April 1863 – 10 March 1947 ) , Prince Naris for short , né Chitcharoen ( ) , was a member of the royal family of Siam ( now Thailand ) , minister , general and scholar . A polymath , he became known as `` the great craftsman of Siam '' and `` the prince master '' . The anniversary of his birth , 28 April , is celebrated in Thailand as `` Prince Naris Day '' .
Early life
Prince Narisara Nuwattiwong was born on 28 April 1863 in Bangkok , Thailand . He was the son of Pannarai and King Rama IV ( also known as King Mongkut ) . Prince Nuwattiwong was educated by Western missionaries who encouraged his interest in the fine arts .
Career
Government
Prince Narisara Nuwattiwong was appointed as the Director of Public Works , Town and Country Planning for the Ministry of the Interior . He worked on Thailand 's early urban planning and became an Art Advisor for the Royal Institute of Thailand . His other jobs included working for the Ministry of the Treasury , the Ministry of War , and the Ministry of the Palace . From 1892 to 1894 , he served as Minister of the Treasury .
From 1894 to 1899 , he was the Minister of War . During his tenure , the former Kalahom department ( dating back to the 15th century ) was radically modernised based on Western models . From 1896 to 1899 , Prince Naris—who was both a general of the army and an admiral—additionally held the position of the Commander of the Department of Military Operation , the highest military position in the Siamese Army of that time . From 1898 to 1899 he was also the Commander of the Navy Department and therefore commanding officer of the Siamese Navy .
Prince Naris served as Regent of Siam from 1934 to 1935 , substituting for his nephew King Prajadhipok ( Rama VII ) who resided in England during the treatment of an eye condition . After Prajadhipok 's definite abdication in 1935 and the choice of 9-year-old Ananda Mahidol as the new king , Naris declined the request to continue as regent , pointing to his old age .
Design
When Prince Naris began his art endeavours , there was no Siamese concept of design . Thailand had no art museum , and the arts were not taught at universities . Prince Naris worked with Siamese craftsmen and Italian artists on royal commissions to create Siamese `` art '' .
As Thailand began to modernize , it created its first European-style government ministries . Narisara was assigned to design the crest for these newly created ministries . Each crest he designed was different , representing the role of each group .
Architecture
Wat Benchamabophit ( the Marble Temple ) was the first temple in Thailand to use marble in its construction . This temple has been described as a defining example of a modern Buddhist temple by the Western Ministries of Architecture .
The Wat Benchamabophit School is next to Wat Benjamabophit . Unlike the temple , the school was built in Western style . Phraubosotwatrachativas is another temple made of marble , but the style of this building combines Western and Thai styles . The temple contains oil paintings that were inspired by art found in Western medieval churches .
Music
`` Sansoen Phra Barami '' or Royal Anthem
`` Khamen Sai Yok ''
Family
Prince Naris was married three times . His first wife was Mom Rachavongse Pluem Sirivongse ( หม่อมราชวงศ์ปลื้ม ศิริวงศ์ ) , with whom he had one daughter :
Prince Pluemchit Chitrabongse ( หม่อมเจ้าปลื้มจิต จิตรพงศ์ )
After the death of his first wife , Prince Naris married Mom Malai Chitrabongse Na Ayudhaya ( née Sewatam ) ( หม่อมมาลัย เศวตามร์ ) , with whom he had two sons :
Prince Ai Chitrabongse ( หม่อมเจ้าอ้าย จิตรพงศ์ )
Prince Charoenchai Chitrabongse ( หม่อมเจ้าเจริญใจ จิตรพงศ์ )
After the death of his second wife , the prince remarried one last time , marrying Mom Rachavongse To Ngon-rot ( หม่อมราชวงศ์โต งอนรถ ) . They had a total of six children , of whom five were male :
Prince Sam Chitrabongse ( หม่อมเจ้าสาม จิตรพงศ์ )
Princess Pralomchit Chitrabongse ( หม่อมเจ้าประโลมจิตร จิตรพงศ์ )
Princess Duangchit Chitrabongse ( หม่อมเจ้าดวงจิตร จิตรพงศ์ )
Prince Yachai Chitrabongse ( หม่อมเจ้ายาใจ จิตรพงศ์ )
Prince Phlao-rot Chitrabongse ( หม่อมเจ้าเพลารถ จิตรพงศ์ )
Princess Konnika Chitrabongse ( หม่อมเจ้าหญิงกรณิกา จิตรพงศ์ )
Official title
His official title was `` สมเด็จพระเจ้าบรมวงศ์เธอ เจ้าฟ้าจิตรเจริญ กรมพระยานริศรานุวัดติวงศ์ '' ( Somdet Phra Chao Boromma Wong Thoe Chao Fa Chitcharoen Krom Phraya Naritsaranuwattiwong ) , which can be translated as `` His Royal Highness Prince Chitcharoen , the Prince Narisara Nuwattiwong '' .
His full ceremonial title ( before he was promoted to the rank of `` Krom Phraya '' ) was `` สมเด็จพระเจ้าบรมวงศ์เธอ เจ้าฟ้ากรมพระนริศรานุวัดติวงศ์ มหามกุฏพงศ์นฤบดินทร ปรมินทรานุชาธิเบนทร์ ปรเมนทรราชปิตุลา สวามิภักดิ์สยามวิชิต สรรพศิลปสิทธิวิทยาธร สุรจิตรกรศุภโกศล ประพนธปรีชาชาญโบราณคดี สังคีตวาทิตวิธีวิจารณ์ มโหฬารสีตลัธยาศรัย พุทธาทิไตรรัตนสรณานุวัติ ขัตติยเดชานุภาพบพิตร '' ( `` Somdet Phra Chao Boromma Wong Thoe , Chao Fa Kromma Phra Naritsaranuwattiwong , Maha Makutta Phong Narue Bodin , Paraminthranuchathiben , Paramen Ratcha Pitula , Sawamiphak Sayama Wichit , Sappha Sinlapa Sit Witthaya Thon , Sura Chittra Kon Suppha Koson , Praphontha Pricha Chan Boranna Khadi , Sangkhita Wathit Withi Wichan , Maholan Sitalatthayasai , Phutthathi Trai Rat Sarananuwat , Khattiya Dechanuphap Bophit '' ) .
Death
Naris died on 10 March 1947 from a stroke . His funeral was held publicly at Sanam Luang . His cremation pyre was similar to the royal funeral pyre of Ananda Mahidol .
References
Further reading
External links
The Prince Narisara Nuvadtivongs
|-
|-
Thai male Chao Fa
Chitrabhongse family
19th-century Chakri dynasty
20th-century Chakri dynasty
Thai artists
Regents of Thailand
Ministers of Defence of Thailand
Knights Grand Cordon of the Order of Chula Chom Klao
Knights of the Ratana Varabhorn Order of Merit
Recipients of the Dushdi Mala Medal , Pin of Arts and Science
1863 births
1947 deaths
Thai male Phra Ong Chao
Children of Mongkut
Commanders-in-chief of the Royal Thai Army
Ministers of Finance of Thailand
Ministers of Transport of Thailand
Members of the Privy Council of Thailand
Lon Babby is a long-time NBA player agent who was named the Phoenix Suns President of Basketball Operations on Tuesday July 20 , 2010 . However , as of June 10 , 2015 , Babby has been moved to the team 's senior adviser instead , and he stepped down from his position altogether a year later .
Career
After graduating from Valley Stream South High School , Babby earned a Bachelor of Arts in political science from Lehigh University in 1973 and a Juris Doctor from Yale Law School in 1976 .
He is best known as an NBA player agent , whose clients included Tim Duncan , Hedo Türkoğlu and Ray Allen , as well as former Sun Grant Hill .
Additionally , he has represented Major League Baseball clients , and has worked as an attorney for the NFL 's Washington Redskins ( 1977–80 ) and MLB 's Baltimore Orioles ( 1979–94 ) .
Early in his career , Babby represented John Hinckley , Jr. , the man who tried to assassinate President Ronald Reagan . His son is Ken Babby , owner of two Double-A baseball teams .
References
American sports agents
Living people
Lehigh University alumni
Yale Law School alumni
Phoenix Suns executives
People from Valley Stream , New York
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Takumi Hasegawa may refer to :
, Japanese basketball player
, Japanese footballer
Ballyboden ( Baile Buadáin in Irish , meaning `` Boden Town '' ) is a locality within the suburb of Rathfarnham in South Dublin , at the foot of the Dublin Mountains between Whitechurch , Ballyroan and Knocklyon . It is a townland in the civil parish of Rathfarnham in the Barony of Uppercross .
Population
According to the 2006 Census , Ballyboden has a population of about five thousand .
Religion
The Roman Catholic parish of Ballyboden was established in 1973 . It is managed by the Order of Saint Augustine . Within the Archdiocese of Dublin , Rathfarnham parish is the parent of several local parishes . To accommodate the increasing need for ministry to the residential development of the Rathfarnham area over the last century , Terenure was developed in 1894 , Churchtown ( 1965 ) , Ballyroan ( 1968 ) , Tallaght ( 1972 ) , Ballyboden ( 1973 ) and Knocklyon ( 1974 ) .
There had been an Augustinian house of studies in Ballyboden since 1955 . It was the home of students of the Order following the two-year course in Philosophy . When the new church in Ballyroan was opened in 1966 the Augustinians took an active part . The Augustinians had acquired Orlagh as a Novitiate in 1872 . When University College Dublin moved from Earlsfort Terrace to the new campus at Belfield in south County Dublin in the 1960s and '70s , the order acquired St. Catherines , Ballyboden , previously the residence of Mr. Justice O'Byrne .
The Church of Ireland is located in the pre-Reformation parish church at Whitechurch .
Culture
The Pearse Museum is 700 metres east of Ballyboden centre .
Sport
Ballyboden is home to two Gaelic Athletic Association clubs , Ballyboden Wanderers , who play in Mount Venus Road , and Ballyboden St. Enda 's , who have a new playing facility at Sancta Maria College .
Republic of Ireland football player Damien Duff is from the locality as was League of Ireland Premier Division player and Brownlow Medallist Jim Stynes .
Transport
Ballyboden is served by Dublin Bus routes 15b , 61 and 161
See also
List of towns and villages in Ireland
Mount Venus
References
External links
Ballyboden Wanderers
Ballyboden St. Enda 's
Rathfarnham
`` Chinatown '' is a song by English singer Liam Gallagher . The song was released as the second single from Gallagher 's debut solo studio album , As You Were , released on 6 October 2017 . It is one of two tracks on the album on which Gallagher does not take a writing credit . Co-writer Michael Tighe stated that the song 's sound was inspired by the style of former bandmate Jeff Buckley .
Music video
The music video was filmed in London and features Liam drifting by a graffiti-covered underpass and gazing out at the Palace of Westminster . One scene features Liam staring at a wall with the words `` We Stand United With Manchester '' on it ( acting as a tribute to the victims of the Manchester Arena bombing ) . At sunset , he navigates the song 's titular district , past busy restaurants and supermarkets , as the music video 's director , Charlie Lightening zooms around with his camera .
The music video was directed by Charlie Lightening and produced by Daniel Lightening . The music video currently has over 5 million views on YouTube .
Charts
References
External links
2017 singles
2017 songs
Liam Gallagher songs
Songs written by Andrew Wyatt
Songs written by Michael Tighe
Warner Records singles
Song recordings produced by Andrew Wyatt
Alliance for Tanzania Farmers Party ( AFP ) is a political party in Tanzania .
References
Political parties in Tanzania
Political parties established in 2009
2009 establishments in Tanzania
Kimberly Prause is an American voice actress and theatre actress . She has done some anime voice roles for ADV Films and Sentai Filmworks .
Voice roles
Air - Kano 's Mother
Akame ga Kill ! - Client ( Ep . 2 ) , Spear ( Ep . 7 )
Angelic Layer - Chitose Tanaka
Aquarian Age : Sign for Evolution - Arayashiki East
BASToF Syndrome - Cora
Best Student Council - Eiko Nagai , Eliza Yamamoto
Comic Party Revolution - Aya Hasebe
DN Angel - Riku Harada
Girls und Panzer - Maho Nishizumi
Gravion - Ayaka Shigure
Kino 's Journey - Sica
Maburaho - Rin Kamishiro
Mezzo DSA - Mao
Mythical Detective Loki Ragnarok - Ayako Wada
Najica Blitz Tactics - Shinobu Misato
Princess Tutu - Lamp Spirit
Saint Seiya - Shunrei
Science Ninja Team Gatchaman ( ADV dub ) - Jun the Swan ( G-3 )
Sister Princess - Dream Girl
Super GALS ! - Aya Hoshino
Those Who Hunt Elves - Fake Mermaid , Nancy , Elven Hunter # 3
UFO Princess Valkyrie - Princess Chorus
References
External links
Kim Prause at English Voice Actor & Production Staff Database
Living people
American voice actresses
American stage actresses
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Place of birth missing ( living people )
21st-century American women
The men 's C-2 1000 metres event was an open-style , pairs canoeing event conducted as part of the Canoeing at the 1996 Summer Olympics program .
Medalists
Results
Heats
17 teams entered in two heats . The top two finishers from each of the heats advanced directly to the finals and the remaining teams were relegated to the semifinals .
Semifinals
Two semifinals took place . The top two finishers from each semifinal and the fastest third-place finisher advanced directly to the final .
The Antiguan and Barbudan crew did not participate in the semifinal .
Final
The final was held on August 3 .
Romania established an early lead , gradually expanding it through the 750 meter mark . Meanwhile , the Germans were in last place after 250 meters before moving up to fourth place at 500 meters . Gathering strength in the third quarter of the race , the Germans launched a sustained sprint to the finish that made up 2.15 seconds on the Romanians in the last 250 meters of the race to pass them right before the finish .
References
1996 Summer Olympics official report Volume 3. pp . 173–4 .
Sports-reference.com 1996 C-2 1000 m results .
Wallechinsky , David and Jaime Loucky ( 2008 ) . `` Canoeing : Men 's Canadian Doubles 1000 Meters '' . In The Complete Book of the Olympics : 2008 Edition . London : Aurum Press Limited . p. 484 .
Men 's C-2 1000
Men 's events at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Herbert Kaiser ( 16 March 1916 – 5 December 2003 ) was a Luftwaffe ace and recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross during World War II . The Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership . He was captured by American troops in May 1945 . During his career , he flew 1,200 missions and is credited with 68 aerial victories .
Awards
Aviator badge
Front Flying Clasp of the Luftwaffe
Sudetenland Medal
Ehrenpokal der Luftwaffe ( 9 August 1941 )
Iron Cross ( 1939 )
2nd Class
1st Class
Wound Badge ( 1939 )
in Black
German Cross in Gold on 30 March 1942 as Leutnant in the 8./Jagdgeschwader 77
Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross on 14 March 1943 as Oberfeldwebel and pilot in the 8./Jagdgeschwader 77 ( later Jagdgeschwader 1 )
Notes
References
Citations
Bibliography
External links
Luftwaffe 1939–1945 History
TracesOfWar.com
1916 births
2003 deaths
People from the Province of Saxony
People from Jessen ( Elster )
Luftwaffe pilots
German World War II flying aces
Recipients of the Gold German Cross
Recipients of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross
German Air Force personnel
German prisoners of war in World War II held by the United States
Military personnel from Saxony-Anhalt
Tintioule is a town in the Kankan Region of Guinea .
Populated places in the Kankan Region
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in San Benito County , California .
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in San Benito County , California , United States . Latitude and longitude coordinates are provided for many National Register properties and districts ; these locations may be seen together in an online map .
There are 15 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county , including 3 National Historic Landmarks .
Current listings
| }
See also
List of National Historic Landmarks in California
National Register of Historic Places listings in California
California Historical Landmarks in San Benito County , California
References
San Benito
Eric Smith ( born 2 April 1975 ) is a Canadian sportscaster on Fan 590 in Toronto and Sportsnet TV .
Smith has been working at Sportsnet and Sportsnet 590 the FAN , covering the Raptors in some capacity , for more than 20 years . He has also done work for Global TV sports , as their Raptors/NBA analyst , and he has appeared on CNN , NBA TV , CBC Newsworld and more . He is the radio voice for Toronto Raptors radio broadcasts as well as a full-time sports talk radio host .
Smith also serves as the host of the pre-game , half-time , and post-game shows on the Raptors radio broadcasts . When he is not working on the radio , Smith jumps over to TV , working the sidelines and hosting the pre-game and halftime shows for the Raptors broadcasts on Sportsnet .
Since 2005 , Smith has worked alongside Paul Jones during the radio broadcasts . From 2005-2014 , Smith served as the colour commentator while Jones handled the play-by-play . From 2014 onwards , Smith moved to the play-by-play role while Jones switched to colour analyst . On June 15 , 2020 , Smith and Jones became co-hosts of a new afternoon sports talk show on Sportsnet 590 , Smith & Jones .
In addition to those duties , Smith hosts a weekly basketball show on the Fan 590 , Hoops , which used to be simulcast on NBA TV Canada . Additionally , Smith is a columnist for Sportsnet.ca .
Smith currently serves as one of the tennis play by play voices for the Rogers Cup ( 2015-present ) . He used to host Blue Jays Xpress , a Sportsnet 360 TV program that followed each Toronto Blue Jays ' game .
In 2012 , Smith was the TV play-by-play voice for men 's boxing on the Canadian Olympic Broadcast , at the London Summer Games .
References
External links
Sportsnet blog page
Smith & Jones Sportsnet page
1975 births
Living people
Boxing commentators
Canadian bloggers
Canadian radio reporters and correspondents
Canadian radio sportscasters
Canadian sports talk radio hosts
Canadian television sportscasters
Humber College alumni
Olympic Games broadcasters
Toronto Raptors announcers
The men 's 4 × 100 metre medley relay competition at the 2014 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships took place on August 24 at the Gold Coast Aquatic Centre . The last champion was the United States .
Records
Prior to this competition , the existing world and Pan Pacific records were as follows :
Results
All times are in minutes and seconds .
Heats
Heats were n't performed , as only eight teams had entered .
Final
The final was held on August 24 , at 21:16 .
References
2014 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships
Angie Drobnic Holan is the editor for PolitiFact and was part of the Pulitzer Prize winning team of journalists noted for their fact-checking of the 2008 presidential elections in the United States .
Background
Angie Drobnic began her career in journalism at Albuquerque 's NuCity ( now Alibi ) in 1994 , and left in 1998 to pursue her degree in journalism from Columbia University . She also earned a master 's degree in library science from the University of South Florida . More recently she has worked as a business reporter for the Mobile Press-Register , a news reporter for the Tampa Tribune , and a news researcher for the Tampa Bay Times , where she became an expert on the Affordable Care Act . She has also taught undergraduate courses in reporting and writing at the University of Tampa and the University of Louisiana at Lafayette .
PolitiFact
She has been a part of PolitiFact since its launch in 2007 , when Tampa Bay Times ' Washington bureau chief Bill Adair sought to create a unique way for covering the 2008 election . She began with the organization as a reporter , then as its deputy editor and editor of PolitiFact Florida . She was named editor in 2013 .
Lectures and awards
She has lectured on fact-checking methods for the 2014 Global Fact-Checking Summit , held in London ; at the Poynter Institute , a journalism school in St. Petersburg , Florida ; and at the Alice G. Smith Lecture at her alma mater , the University of South Florida . In addition to winning a Pulitzer Prize the USF School of Information presented her with the Jean Key Gates Distinguished Alumni Award .
References
Pulitzer Prize for National Reporting winners
Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism alumni
University of South Florida alumni
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Scott Davis and David Pate were the defending champions , but lost in the second round this year .
John Fitzgerald and Anders Järryd won in the final 3–6 , 6–3 , 6–2 , against Kelly Jones and Rick Leach .
Seeds
All seeds receive a bye into the second round .
Draw
Finals
Top half
Bottom half
External links
1991 Paris Open Doubles draw
1991 Paris Open
1991 ATP Tour
Trigger Tricks is a 1930 American pre-Code Western film written and directed by B. Reeves Eason , and starring Hoot Gibson , Sally Eilers , Robert Homans , Jack Richardson , Monte Montague and Neal Hart . It was released on June 8 , 1930 , by Universal Pictures .
Cast
Hoot Gibson as Texas Ranger Tim Brennan
Sally Eilers as Betty Dawley
Robert Homans as Thomas Kingston
Jack Richardson as Joe Dixon
Monte Montague as Nick Dalgus
Neal Hart as Sheriff Jack Thompson
Max Asher as Ike
Walter Perry as Mike
Plot
A cattleman ( Gibson ) works as a gunman for a group of cattlemen while he tries to find out who killed his brother . Along the way , he falls in love with the owner ( Eilers ) of a sheep ranch and learns the killer 's identity .
References
External links
1930 films
American Western ( genre ) films
1930 Western ( genre ) films
Universal Pictures films
Films directed by B. Reeves Eason
American black-and-white films
1930s English-language films
1930s American films
Lizo is a given name . Notable people with the name include :
Lizo Gqoboka ( born 1990 ) South African rugby union player
Lizo Makhosi ( born 1999 ) , South African cricketer
Lizo Mjempu ( born 1984 ) , South African footballer
Lizo Mzimba , English journalist and television presenter
Canyon Springs High School is a public high school in North Las Vegas , Nevada and is part of the Clark County School District . Canyon Springs is also home to the Leadership and Law Preparatory Academy and was one of three ( including Del Sol High School and Spring Valley High School ) schools opened by the district in 2004 .
Leadership and Law Preparatory Academy
Canyon Springs High School houses the Leadership and Law Preparatory Academy , a college preparatory magnet program that made Canyon Springs the second school in the Clark County School District ( aside from the Advanced Technologies Academy ) to offer a four-year program in legal studies . The campus includes a fully functioning courtroom .
Magnet Schools of America has named the Leadership and Law Preparatory Academy a magnet school of excellence for the 2014-2015 and 2015-2016 school years .
Magnet students use Microsoft Office applications to create projects using multimedia content . Magnet classes have Apple MacBook Air computers to work on their projects .
Extracurricular activities
Athletics
The athletic teams at Canyon Springs are known as the Pioneers and compete in the Northeast Division of the Sunrise 4A Region .
Nevada 4A Titles
Basketball ( Boys ) - 2011
Notable alumni
Juron Criner , Ottawa Redblacks wide receiver
Donnel Pumphrey , Philadelphia Eagles , Running Back
References
External links
Clark County School District homepage
Clark County School District
Educational institutions established in 2004
High schools in Clark County , Nevada
School buildings completed in 2004
Public high schools in Nevada
Magnet schools in Nevada
2004 establishments in Nevada
Marriage Strike may refer to :
Marriage Strike ( 1930 film ) , German silent comedy
Marriage Strike ( 1935 film ) , German comedy
Marriage Strike ( 1953 film ) , German comedy remake of 1935 film
S6 , SB5 , SM6 are disability swimming classifications used for categorising swimmers based on their level of disability . This class includes people with a number of different types of disability including short stature , major limb impairment or loss in two limbs . This includes people with cerebral palsy , people with dwarfism and amputees .
The class competes at the Paralympic Games .
Definition
This classification is for swimming . In the classification title , S represents Freestyle , Backstroke and Butterfly strokes . SB means breaststroke . SM means individual medley . Swimming classifications are on a gradient , with one being the most severely physically impaired to ten having the least amount of physical disability . Jane Buckley , writing for the Sporting Wheelies , describes the swimmers in this classification as having : `` full use of their arms and hands , some trunk control but no useful leg muscles ; Swimmers with coordination problems ( usually these athletes walk ) ; Swimmers with major limb loss of 2 limbs ; Little People / Dwarfs ( O 130cm females & O 137cm males ) . '' The class `` ... includes swimmers with short stature , amputations of both arms or moderate coordination problems on one side of their body . ''
Disability groups
This class includes people with several disability types including cerebral palsy , short stature and amputations .
Amputee
ISOD amputee A1 and A5 swimmers may be found in this class . Prior to the 1990s , A1 and A5 were often grouped with other amputee classes in swimming competitions , including the Paralympic Games .
Upper body amputations
ISOD amputee A5 swimmers may be found in this class . Because their legs are their greatest strength , they modify their entry into the water to take advantage of this . Compared to able bodied swimmers , swimmers in this class have a shorter stroke length and increased stroke rate .
The nature of a person 's amputations in this class can affect their physiology and sports performance . Because they are missing a limb , amputees are more prone to overuse injuries in their remaining limbs . Common problems for intact upper limbs for people in this class include rotator cuffs tearing , shoulder impingement , epicondylitis and peripheral nerve entrapment .
A study was done comparing the performance of swimming competitors at the 1984 Summer Paralympics . It found there was no significant difference in performance in times between women in A4 , A5 and A6 the 100 meter 100 meter freestyle , men in A4 and A5 in the 100 meter freestyle , men in A5 and A6 in the 100 meter freestyle , women in A5 and A6 in the 50 meter butterfly , women in A4 , A5 and A6 in the 4 x 50 meter individual medley , men in A5 and A6 in the 4 x 50 meter individual medley , and men and women in A4 , A5 and A6 in the 100 meter backstroke .
Lower body amputations
A1 swimmers including S4 , S5 and S6 . Swimmers in this class have a similar stroke length and stroke rate to able bodied swimmers . Lower limb amputations effect a person 's energy cost for being mobile . To keep their oxygen consumption rate similar to people without lower limb amputations , they need to walk slower . People in this class use around 120 % more oxygen to walk or run the same distance as some one without a lower limb amputation .
Because of the potential for balance issues related to having an amputation , during weight training , amputees are encouraged to use a spotter when lifting more than .
Cerebral palsy
One of the disability groups in this classification is swimmers with cerebral palsy , including CP5 classified swimmers . CP5 sportspeople in this class have greater functional control of their upper body . They may require the use of an assistive device when walking but they do not require use of a wheelchair . They often have problems with their dynamic equilibrium but not their static equilibrium . Quick movements can upset their balance .
Because of their balance issues , swimmers in this class can find the starting block problematic and often have slower times entering the water than other competitors in their class . Because the disability of swimmers in this class involves in a loss of function in specific parts of their body , they are more prone to injury than their able-bodied counterparts as a result of overcompensation in other parts of their body .
When fatigued , CP5 asymmetry in their stroke becomes a problem for swimmers in this class , more so than others in their class . The integrated classification system used for swimming , where swimmers with CP compete against those with other disabilities , is subject to criticisms has been that the nature of CP is that greater exertion leads to decreased dexterity and fine motor movements . This puts competitors with CP at a disadvantage when competing against people with amputations who do not lose coordination as a result of exertion .
CP5 swimmers tend to have a passive normalized drag in the range of 0.6 to 1.0 . This puts them into the passive drag band of PDB5 , PDB6 , PDB7 , PDB8 , and PDB9 .
Short stature
SS1
S6 swimmers with short stature have Achondroplasia and men are no taller than 137 cm while women are not taller than 130 cm . They can maintain the correct catch phase when swimming . They also are capable of doing a full arm cycle while swimming . They normally start from the starting platform and can execute a standard turn in the water .
SS2
SS2 swimmers may be found S6 . Men in this class are tall or less , with an arm length equal to or less than . When their standing height and arm length are added together , the distance is equal to or less than . For women in this class , the same measurements are , and .
There are generally two types of syndromes that cause short stature . One is disproportionate limb size on a normal size torso . The second is proportionate , where they are generally small for their average age . There are a variety of causes including skeletal dysplasia , chondrodysrophy , and growth hormone deficiencies . Short stature can cause a number of other disabilities including eye problems , joint defects , joint dislocation or limited range of movement .
Spinal cord injuries
People with spinal cord injuries compete in this class , including F5 sportspeople .
F5
This is wheelchair sport classification that corresponds to the neurological level T8 - L1 . In the past , this class was known as Lower 3 , or Upper 4 . Disabled Sports USA defined the anatomical definition of this class in 2003 as , `` Normal upper limb function . Have abdominal muscles and spinal extensors ( upper or more commonly upper and lower ) . May have non-functional hip flexors ( grade 1 ) . Have no abductor function . ''
People in this class have good sitting balance . People with lesions located between T9 and T12 have some loss of abdominal muscle control . Disabled Sports USA defined the functional definition of this class in 2003 as , `` Three trunk movements may be seen in this class : 1 ) Off the back of a chair ( in an upwards direction ) . 2 ) Movement in the backwards and forwards plane . 3 ) Some trunk rotation . They have fair to good sitting balance . They can not have functional hip flexors , i.e . ability to lift the thigh upwards in the sitting position . They may have stiffness of the spine that improves balance but reduces the ability to rotate the spine . ''
Swimming classification is done based on a total points system , with a variety of functional and medical tests being used as part of a formula to assign a class . Part of this test involves the Adapted Medical Research Council ( MRC ) scale . For upper trunk extension , T6 - T10 are given 3 - 5 points .
S6 swimmers with spinal cord injuries tend to be complete paraplegics with lesions below T9 to L1 and where their leg function does not assist them in swimming . S6 swimmers of this type have effect arm cycling and can use their hands and fingers to gain propulsion during the catch phase . Their hips may ride slightly lower in the water , but their legs are not in a V position . They may start either in the water or from a sitting dive position . They turn using their hands .
A study of was done comparing the performance of athletics competitors at the 1984 Summer Paralympics . It found there was little significant difference in performance times between women in 2 ( SP4 ) and 3 ( SP4 , SP5 ) in the 50m breaststroke . It found there was little significant difference in performance times between men in 2 ( SP4 ) and 3 ( SP4 , SP5 ) in the 50m breaststroke . It found there was little significant difference in performance times between women in 2 ( SP4 ) and 3 ( SP4 , SP5 ) in the 50m freestyle . It found there was little significant difference in performance times between men in 2 ( SP4 ) and 3 ( SP4 , SP5 ) in the 50m freestyle . It found there was little significant difference in performance times between men in 2 ( SP4 ) and 3 ( SP4 , SP5 ) in the 50m backstroke . It found there was little significant difference in performance times between women in 4 ( SP5 , SP6 ) , 5 ( SP6 , SP7 ) and 6 ( SP7 ) in the 100m breaststroke . It found there was little significant difference in performance times between women in 4 ( SP5 , SP6 ) , 5 ( SP6 , SP7 ) and 6 ( SP7 ) in the 100m backstroke . It found there was little significant difference in performance times between women in 4 ( SP5 , SP6 ) , 5 ( SP6 , SP7 ) and 6 ( SP7 ) in the 100m freestyle . It found there was little significant difference in performance times between women in 4 ( SP5 , SP6 ) , 5 ( SP6 , SP7 ) and 6 ( SP7 ) in the 14 x 50 m individual medley . It found there was little significant difference in performance times between men in 4 ( SP5 , SP6 ) , 5 ( SP6 , SP7 ) and 6 ( SP7 ) in the 100m backstroke . It found there was little significant difference in performance times between men in 4 ( SP5 , SP6 ) , 5 ( SP6 , SP7 ) and 6 ( SP7 ) in the 100m breaststroke . It found there was little significant difference in performance times between women in 2 ( SP4 ) , 3 ( SP4 , SP5 ) and 4 ( SP5 , SP6 ) in the 25 m butterfly . It found there was little significant difference in performance times between men in 2 ( SP4 ) , 3 ( SP4 , SP5 ) and 4 ( SP5 , SP6 ) in the 25 m butterfly .
History
The classification was created by the International Paralympic Committee and has roots in a 2003 attempt to address `` the overall objective to support and co-ordinate the ongoing development of accurate , reliable , consistent and credible sport focused classification systems and their implementation . ''
Events
Events that are open to a swimmer from these class include 50m and 100m Freestyle , 200m Freestyle , 400m Freestyle , 100m Backstroke , 50m Butterfly , 100m Breaststroke and 200m Individual Medley events .
At the Paralympic Games
For this classification , organisers of the Paralympic Games have the option of including the following events on the Paralympic programme : 50m and 100m Freestyle , 200m Freestyle , 400m Freestyle , 100m Backstroke , 50m Butterfly , 100m Breaststroke and 200m Individual Medley events .
For the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio , the International Paralympic Committee had a zero classification at the Games policy . This policy was put into place in 2014 , with the goal of avoiding last minute changes in classes that would negatively impact athlete training preparations . All competitors needed to be internationally classified with their classification status confirmed prior to the Games , with exceptions to this policy being dealt with on a case-by-case basis .
Records
In the S6 50 m Freestyle Long Course , the men 's world record is held by China 's Xu Qing with a time of 00:29.78 and the women 's world record is held by the Netherlands ' Mirjam de Koning-Peper with a time of 00:34.94 . In the S6 100 m Freestyle Long Course , the men 's world record is held by Sweden 's Anders Olsson and the women 's world record is held by Great Britain 's Eleanor Simmonds .
Paralympic records
The table below records the fastest ever Paralympic record in this class for specific events .
Getting classified
Swimming classification generally has three components . The first is a bench press . The second is water test . The third is in competition observation . As part of the water test , swimmers are often required to demonstrate their swimming technique for all four strokes . They usually swim a distance of 25 meters for each stroke . They are also generally required to demonstrate how they enter the water and how they turn in the pool .
Classification generally has four phases . The first stage of classification is a health examination . For amputees in this class , this is often done on site at a sports training facility or competition . The second stage is observation in practice , the third stage is observation in competition and the last stage is assigning the sportsperson to a relevant class . Sometimes the health examination may not be done on site for amputees in this class because the nature of the amputation could cause not physically visible alterations to the body .
In Australia , to be classified in this category , athletes contact the Australian Paralympic Committee or their state swimming governing body . In the United States , classification is handled by the United States Paralympic Committee on a national level . The classification test has three components : `` a bench test , a water test , observation during competition . '' American swimmers are assessed by four people : a medical classified , two general classified and a technical classifier .
Competitors
Swimmers who have competed in this classification include Briton Liz Johnson , other nationals including Olena Akopyan and Anastasia Diodorova and Maria Goetze who all won medals in their class at the 2008 Paralympics . American swimmers who have been classified by the United States Paralympic Committee as being in these class include Arden Adams , Anna Amend , Victoria Arlen and Abby Abby .
References
Parasports classifications
Swimming at the Summer Paralympics
The Salesgirl from the Fashion Store ( ) is a 1925 German silent comedy film directed by Wolfgang Neff and starring Reinhold Schünzel , Lilly Flohr and Evi Eva .
The film 's sets were designed by the art director Alfred Junge .
Cast
Reinhold Schünzel
Lilly Flohr
Evi Eva
Olga Engl
Margarete Kupfer
Claire Rommer
Anna von Palen
Karl Beckersachs
Hans Junkermann
Gerhard Ritterband
Karl Harbacher
Siegfried Berisch
References
Bibliography
Bock , Hans-Michael & Bergfelder , Tim . The Concise CineGraph . Encyclopedia of German Cinema . Berghahn Books , 2009 .
Jennifer M. Kapczynski & Michael D. Richardson . A New History of German Cinema . Boydell & Brewer , 2014 .
External links
1925 films
Films of the Weimar Republic
German silent feature films
Films directed by Wolfgang Neff
German black-and-white films
German comedy films
1926 comedy films
1926 films
Films based on German novels
1925 comedy films
Silent comedy films
1920s German films
Margaret Singana ( 193822 April 2000 ) , born Margaret M'cingana , was a South African musician . She is perhaps best known for her Xhosa song , `` Hamba Bhekile '' . An English version of the song , `` We Are Growing '' was used as soundtrack to the South African TV series Shaka Zulu .
Early life
Margaret Nomvula M'cingana was born in Queenstown , Eastern Cape , the daughter of Agnes M'cingana . In the 1950s , she moved from Queenstown to Johannesburg in the then Transvaal , where she found work as a domestic servant .
Music career
While she was working as a domestic worker , Margaret Singana was discovered singing while cleaning . Her employers were so impressed that they recorded her voice and sent the tape to a record company . The producers of the musical Sponono , written by Alan Paton , gave her a part as a chorus singer in 1964 . `` Singana '' was an adaptation of her surname `` M'cingana '' , meant to be easier for white people to pronounce .
In the 1970s Singana started performing with The Symbols . In 1972 she made `` Good Feelings '' with the band , the single reached 2 on the old LM Hit Parade . In 1973 , Singana was cast as the lead singer in the musical , Ipi Tombi , and soon made herself famous with the song `` Mama Tembu 's Wedding '' . In 1977 , Singana 's song `` I Never Loved a Man the Way I Loved You '' became a hit . She had a stroke in 1980 and suffered from bad health for many years but , in 1986 , she made a comeback with the song `` We Are Growing '' , which was the theme song from the television series Shaka Zulu . `` We Are Growing '' became a hit in the Netherlands and Belgium in 1989 , peaking at No . 1 in the former country and No . 8 in the latter . Her 1984 album Isiphiwo Sam is more traditional , with the band Bayete providing backup .
Singana received many awards , including the 1976-1977 critics award from the British magazine , Music Week , and a Lifetime Achievement Award in 1999 . She was known as `` Lady Africa '' in Southern Africa .
Personal life
Singana was married to jazz bassist Mongezi Velelo . She died in April 2000 , in Queenstown , after a long illness and in destitution . In 2005 her work was remembered with a Lifetime Achievement Award at the South African Music Awards .
References
External links
Bio – The South African Rock Encyclopedia
1938 births
2000 deaths
People from Queenstown , South Africa
Xhosa people
South African musicians
Anthony Eugene Peeler ( born November 25 , 1969 ) is an American former professional basketball player , having played for a number of NBA teams from 1992 to 2005 . He was most commonly known for his defense and athleticism . He later became an assistant coach at NCAA Division II Virginia Union University .
High school and college
Peeler was a standout high school player at Paseo High School in Kansas City , Missouri where he earned the title of `` Mister Show-Me '' ( the name for the state 's Mr. Basketball ) and was named to the McDonald 's All-American team his senior year . The 1988–89 edition of the Sporting News Basketball Preview issue rated Peeler as the third-best incoming college freshman in the country , behind Alonzo Mourning and Billy Owens . ( Other highly touted recruits in this class—such as Shawn Kemp , Kenny Williams , and Stanley Roberts—were not listed because they were ineligible to play under the NCAA 's Proposition 48 guidelines . ) He reportedly planned on attending the University of Kansas , but changed his mind because he was n't sure if Kansas coach Larry Brown would be leaving to coach elsewhere ( Brown indeed left Kansas to coach the NBA 's San Antonio Spurs ) , and because he , in his words , `` did n't want to be a one-man team . '' Peeler chose the University of Missouri and went on to be one of the school 's all-time greats .
Anthony Peeler averaged 16.8 points per game for his Tiger career and left as Missouri 's all-time third-leading scorer with 1,970 points , and the all-time leader in assists ( 497 ) and steals ( 196 ) . During his career , he was named first-team All-Big Eight , and in 1992 ( his senior year ) he was named the conference AP Player of the Year and Male Athlete of the Year and a consensus second-team All-American after averaging 23.4 points , 5.5 rebounds and 3.9 assists per game , and scored a career-high 43 points in a losing cause against arch-rival Kansas . Missouri finished 21–9 that season and reached the second round of the NCAA tournament , where they lost to Seton Hall .
In 2006 , Peeler was named to the Missouri 's 30-member All-Century team , in honor of the school 's 100th year of competition .
Professional career
After his college eligibility was up , Peeler was drafted 15th overall by the Los Angeles Lakers in the 1992 NBA draft . Peeler was one of the top 3 shooting guards available ( along with Harold Miner and Jim Jackson ) and was considered an NBA lottery pick , but his stock dropped off due to off-the-court legal issues . Peeler was placed on five years of probation stemming from an altercation with a woman on the campus of Missouri , and was accused , mere days before the draft , of being involved in another altercation , this time with an ex-girlfriend he knew from high school . But the Lakers felt that drafting Peeler would be worth the risk if he could help revitalize their backcourt , which was still reeling from Magic Johnson 's retirement and only had aging veterans Sedale Threatt and Byron Scott as the legitimate remaining threats at the guard spots .
In his rookie year , Peeler appeared in 77 games , starting 11 of them , and became the first Lakers rookie to average double figures ( 10.4 ppg ) since Byron Scott in 1983–84 . He scored a season-high 25 points against the Indiana Pacers on January 28 , 1993 . Peeler also broke Scott 's Lakers rookie record for 3-point shooting .
Peeler also played for the Vancouver Grizzlies , Minnesota Timberwolves , Sacramento Kings and the Washington Wizards averaging 9.7 points per game throughout his NBA career .
While with Sacramento during the 2003–04 NBA season , he led the league in three-point field goal accuracy with 48.2 percent . During that season 's playoffs , during game 6 matchups between Sacramento and Minnesota , Peeler threw an elbow at former Timberwolves teammate Kevin Garnett , followed by a left hook ; Peeler was suspended for 2 games , which included a game 7 loss , which ended the Kings ' season , and the season-opener of the Washington Wizards ' 2004–05 campaign , with whom Peeler spent his final year .
After the NBA
Following retirement from playing , Peeler returned to college and finished his degree at Virginia Union University in Richmond , Virginia . He entered the coaching profession in China by serving as an assistant coach . He had expressed interest in joining the coaching staff of Frank Haith at Missouri in 2011 , but no job offer was forthcoming . He is currently awaiting other opportunities .
References
1969 births
Living people
African-American basketball players
All-American college men 's basketball players
American expatriate basketball people in Canada
American men 's basketball coaches
American men 's basketball players
Basketball coaches from Missouri
Basketball players from Kansas City , Missouri
Los Angeles Lakers draft picks
Los Angeles Lakers players
McDonald 's High School All-Americans
Minnesota Timberwolves players
Missouri Tigers men 's basketball players
Parade High School All-Americans ( boys ' basketball )
Sacramento Kings players
Shooting guards
Sportspeople from Kansas City , Missouri
Vancouver Grizzlies players
Virginia Union Panthers men 's basketball coaches
Washington Wizards players
21st-century African-American people
20th-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
Augustus Andrew Fritsch ( 1866-1933 ) , known as A . A. Fritsch , was an Australian architect best known for a series of Romanesque style red brick Catholic churches built across Victoria from the 1900s to the 1920s .
Early years
Augustus Andrew Fritsch was born in 1866 to Gustav Augustus Fritsch and Christina Fritsch ( née Holzer ) . The Fritsch 's were a pioneer family who had arrived in Australia in 1849 . Gustav Augustus was a successful brickmaker , a partner of the Upper Hawthorn Brick Company , along with his in-laws , the Holzer brothers , begun in 1883 . The factory employed around 50 people and produced 250,000 bricks a week , which were used throughout Victoria . The brickworks site in Hawthorn near Camberwell Junction eventually became a park in 1995 , known as Fritsch Holzer Park .
Fritsch began his architectural career by being articled to prolific architect John Beswicke , who lived locally in Hawthorn and designed many houses and shops in the area . At a young age he travelled through Europe and completed his training in the United States , before opening his own office in 1888 in Melbourne .
Remaining in Hawthorn , in his early years he was particularly active in the Camberwell / Hawthorn area , designing several houses in the late 1880s and 1890s , including for instance a pair of boom-style cottages in 1890 for his uncle Anton Holzer at 13-19 Carnavon Street , next to the brickworks . In 1893 he married Alice Mason , from Bendigo .
Architectural career
The commission in 1894 for a presbytery for St Joseph 's in Malvern , in the form of a large verandahed Victorian style house , marked the start of his long association with the Catholic Church , designing churches , convents , halls , and schools across Victoria over the next 35 years .
His first major church commission was replacing the church adjacent to his earlier presbytery at St Joseph 's in Malvern in 1908 , which was designed in a striking broadly Romanesque form , in red brick with round arches , a rose window and a barrel vaulted interior , but also with details drawn from the Baroque like the paired cupolas , and a Flemish stepped gable . The red brick Romanesque Revival was a style adopted by other architects in this period for many Catholic projects , such as the grand St Joseph 's in Benalla by Kempson & Connelly , also completed in 1908 . Fritsch followed this trend in a more restrained manner than his first church , starting with St Joseph 's Rochester in 1910 , which set the forms and details he used for his series red brick Romanesque churches over the next 20 years . These included the use of red brick with restrained rendered detailing , a tall gabled front with a central statuary niche and central window , banded voussoirs ( first used at St Joseph 's ) , attached piers that rise up as spirelets , and stepped gables . St Brigids , Port Fairy ( 1914 ) , St Marys Corowa ( 1921 ) , St Marys Maffra ( 1924 ) Our Lady Of Mount Carmel , Middle Park ( 1928 ) all follow this form . St Marys , Yarram ( 1915 ) , St Brendans , Flemington ( 1925 ) and St Columbas , Elwood ( 1929 ) are also similar , but with the addition of towers – though only St Columba 's was completed .
He also designed some churches in a more standard Gothic Revival mode , including St Augustine 's , Kyabram ( 1910 ) , Immaculate Conception , Ararat ( 1928 ) , as well as the tower of St Alpius Ballarat , the completion of an 1874 church in 1924 . Another Gothic church which he added to while matching the earlier style was the landmark Immaculate Conception in Hawthorn , where he completed the transepts , adding a second , and vestries , complete with a small tower on busy Glenferrie Road , and completed the spire , in 1921 .
Our Lady of Victories in Camberwell is his best known and most interesting church ; built 1913-18 it is a much more thorough example of the Romanesque Revival , with large round arched widows and simple massing , given added weight by the use of rough-faced sandstone , and is topped by a landmark copper dome .
St Mary 's , Bairnsdale is another very well known design , particularly for its landmark tower and painted interior , but only the rear half was built to his design in 1913 , with the far taller tower than originally intended added by his son 20 years later .
In 1915 he was named as one of the architects for Newman College at Melbourne University ; the actual design is attributed to Walter Burley Griffin , with Fritsch in a supervisory role .
Throughout this period , he also designed many other types of buildings such as chapels , church halls , convents , and school buildings , often new wings or extensions to existing sites , but also completely new ones , such as the Gothic style St Marys Convent , Beechworth , and the classically styled St Patricks College , Sale .
Later life
Fritsch 's son , who was also A A ( Augustus Alfonso ) Fritsch ( 1882–1973 ) , was trained in his father 's office , and worked with him throughout his period of church work . He was finally made partner of the firm in 1932 , just before his father 's death aged 67 in 1933 . Augustus Alfonso renamed the firm Fritsch & Fritsch and continued the long association with the Catholic Church , though far less prolific . He is best known for the front and lofty tower added to his father 's earlier St Mary 's , Bairnsdale in 1936 .
Notable projects
A A Fristch
1894 St Joseph 's , Malvern - presbytery
1898 Brigidine Convent , Echuca - chapel
1902 St Marys Convent , Beechworth
1908 St Joseph 's , Malvern - church
1910 St Augustine 's , Kyabram
1913 St Marys , Bairnsdale - nave and sanctuary
1914 St Brigids , Port Fairy
c1914 Assumption College , Kilmore - first stage
c1914 St Joseph 's Receiving Home , Carlton - additIons/extension 's
1915 St Marys , Yarram
1918 Our Lady of Victories , Camberwell
1918 Our Lady Of Mount Carmel , Middle Park - church hall
1920 St Patricks College , Sale
1921 Immaculate Conception , Hawthorn , transept , vestry , spire
1921 St Marys , Corowa , NSW
1924 St Marys , Maffra
1924 St Alpius , Ballarat , completion of tower
1924 Brigidine Convent School , Malvern - classrooms ( demolished )
1925 St Brendans , Flemington
1928 Our Lady Of Mount Carmel , Middle Park
1928 Immaculate Conception , Ararat
1929 St Columbas , Elwood
1930 Victorian Spiritualists Hall , Victoria Street , Melbourne ( demolished )
1931 Chapel , Brigidine Convent , Malvern ( demolished )
Frisch & Fritsch
1932 St.Joseph 's Broadmeadows Foundling Hospital and infants home - new wings
1933 Redemptorist Monastery , Ballarat - north wing addition
1936 St Marys , Bairnsdale - façade and tower
1936 St Michael 's , Traralgon
1937 Assumption College , Kilmore - quadrangle addition ( now Fouverie Centre )
1938 St Fidelis , Coburg
1940 Broadmeadows Foundling Hospital - nurses home and woman 's dormitory
Gallery
References
1866 births
1933 deaths
Australian architects
The 2020 United States presidential election in New Jersey was held on Tuesday , November 3 , 2020 , as part of the 2020 United States presidential election in which all 50 states plus the District of Columbia participated . New Jersey voters chose electors to represent them in the Electoral College via a popular vote , pitting the Republican Party 's nominee , incumbent President Donald Trump , and running mate Vice President Mike Pence against Democratic Party nominee , former Vice President Joe Biden , and his running mate California Senator Kamala Harris . New Jersey has 14 electoral votes in the Electoral College .
Biden carried New Jersey by 15.93 % , making the state 11.48 % more Democratic than the nation as a whole . Per exit polls by the Associated Press , Biden 's victory came from a coalition of key Democratic constituencies , including 86 % of Blacks , 76 % of Asians , 72 % of Hispanic and Latino Americans , and 50 % of Whites . Biden 's strength with Asian Americans was evident in New Jersey , where Asians constituted 10.0 % of the population in 2019 .
Biden flipped Gloucester County , which was reliably Democratic until Trump flipped it in 2016 . He also became the first Democrat since Lyndon B. Johnson in 1964 to win Morris County , which Cory Booker won in the simultaneous senate election . This also became the first presidential election since 2000 in which Salem County did not vote for the national winner . Biden subsequently became the first Democrat since 1992 , to win the White House without carrying Salem County . Trump carried 255 of New Jersey 's 565 municipalities , fewer than the 307 he carried in 2016 , with Biden carrying the other 310 . Biden 's 2.6 million votes is the most received by any candidate of either party in a presidential election in the state 's history .
Primary elections
The primary elections were originally scheduled for June 2 , 2020 . In April , they were moved to July 7 due to concerns over the COVID-19 pandemic . On May 15 , 2020 , Governor Phil Murphy signed an executive order declaring the primary election to become a primarily vote-by-mail election . Democratic and Republican voters will automatically receive a vote-by-mail ballot while unaffiliated and inactive voters will get a vote-by-mail application . Unaffiliated voters must declare their party in the application and send in to their respective county board of elections in order to vote and receive their primary election ballot . A limited number of polling stations in each county will be available on primary day for those who prefer to vote in person ( including with provisional ballots if they 're unable to obtain one ) and for voters with disabilities .
Republican primary
Incumbent President Donald Trump ran unopposed in the Republican primary . The state has 49 delegates to the 2020 Republican National Convention .
Democratic primary
Green primary
General election
Predictions
Polling
Graphical summary
Aggregate polls
Polls
Donald Trump vs. Bernie Sanders
Donald Trump vs. Elizabeth Warren
Donald Trump vs. Michael Bloomberg
Donald Trump vs. Pete Buttigieg
Donald Trump vs. Amy Klobuchar
Results
Results by county
Show/hide : [ vote percentages ]
Counties that flipped from Republican to Democratic
Gloucester ( the largest municipality : Washington Township )
Morris ( the largest municipality : Parsippany )
By congressional district
Biden won 9 out of the 12 congressional districts in New Jersey . Trump won 3 , including one that elected a Democrat .
Analysis
As the polls predicted , Joe Biden won New Jersey by a wide margin . Biden ran up huge margins in the state 's major cities such as Newark , Jersey City , Paterson , Trenton , Atlantic City , Camden , and several others . In addition to carrying all the counties that Clinton won in 2016 , Biden flipped Gloucester County , which was a reliably blue county before Trump won it in 2016 . Biden also won Morris County , which had never voted Democratic in any presidential race since 1964 ; Senator Cory Booker concurrently won Morris County in his reelection victory as well . In neighboring Hunterdon County , Biden came within 4.4 points of victory despite the county being a reliably Republican stronghold as well . Biden recorded the highest share of the vote in Sussex and Hunterdon Counties for a Democrat since 1964 , the last time either county voted Democratic .
Trump , meanwhile , performed strongly in Ocean County , which is reliably red . He also did well in Sussex and Warren counties , two northern rural counties that have not voted Democratic since 1964 . Salem County , which Trump flipped in 2016 , remained in his column and he also narrowly held on to Monmouth County , which has n't voted Democratic since 2000 but where the margins have always been somewhat close . He also improved in the urban counties of Essex and Hudson , due to noticeable improvements in several of those counties ' most populated cities , such as Jersey City and Newark .
Ultimately , Trump carried 255 of New Jersey 's 565 municipalities , less than the 307 he carried in 2016 , with Biden carrying the other 310 . Compared to their 2016 margins , 471 of New Jersey 's 565 municipalities swung towards Biden in this election . However , Trump was able to improve significantly upon his 2016 margins in many of New Jersey 's most heavily populated cities , which kept the statewide margin within 2 % of the 2016 results . For example , in New Jersey 's most populated city , Newark , Trump nearly doubled his 2016 share of the vote , going from 6.63 % to 12.25 % of the vote . This was the best Republican performance in Newark since George W. Bush received 12.8 % of the vote in 2004 . Other populated cities , such as Paterson and Camden , posted similarly notable shifts towards the GOP , with much of the rest of the state shifting towards the Democrats instead .
See also
United States presidential elections in New Jersey
2020 New Jersey elections
Bilingual elections requirement for New Jersey ( per Voting Rights Act Amendments of 2006 )
2020 United States presidential election
2020 Democratic Party presidential primaries
2020 Republican Party presidential primaries
2020 United States elections
Notes
References
Further reading
External links
( State affiliate of the U.S. League of Women Voters )
New Jersey
2020
Presidential
Akçainiş is a village in the District of Elmalı , Antalya Province , Turkey .
References
Villages in Elmalı District
The Andy Weaver Amish , locally also called `` Dan Church '' , `` Dan Amish '' or `` Danners '' , are a conservative subgroup of Old Order Amish . They are more conservative than average Old Order Amish .
Andy Weaver Amish are considered a subgroup of the Old Order Amish , although they do not fellowship or intermarry with more liberal Old Order Amish . They speak Pennsylvania German as their mother tongue as well as English with outsiders .
There is a subgroup of the Swartzentruber Amish , that is also called `` Andy Weaver '' .
History
In Holmes County , Ohio , the Andy Weaver Amish were formed in 1952 over the issue of shunning . They were named after Andrew J. Weaver , a conservative minister who took a stand against `` drift '' , that is moving towards mainstream society .
Customs and technology
They are less conservative than the Swartzentruber Amish but more conservative than the Old Order main body . Compared to them they have greater restrictions on farm , business and home technologies , a stricter interpretation of shunning , stricter youth regulations and a greater tolerance of alcohol and tobacco .
Districts and populations
Most of the Andy Weaver Amish live in Holmes County , Ohio , where they had 30 church districts in 2009 . There are three other settlements , including a settlement in Ashland County , Ohio , and in one upstate New York . All together , there were 40 church districts in 2011 .
Andy Weaver Amish have the highest rates of retention of their children in the church among all Amish . The retention rate is estimated at 97 % . On the other hand Andy Weavers have left agriculture on a larger scale than other Amish with only 6 % active in farming .
Literature
Donald B. Kraybill , Karen M. Johnson-Weiner and Steven M. Nolt : The Amish , Johns Hopkins University Press , Baltimore MD 2013 .
Karen Johnson-Weiner : New York Amish : Life in the Plain Communities of the Empire State , Cornell University Press , Ithaca , NY 2017 .
Charles Hurst and David McConnell : An Amish Paradox . Diversity and Change in the World 's Largest Amish Community , Johns Hopkins University Press , Baltimore MD 2010
References
External links
Who are the Andy Weaver Amish ? - Amish Online Encyclopedia entry on Andy Weaver Amish technology , history , and customs .
Christian organizations established in 1952
Anabaptist denominations established in the 20th century
Old Order Amish
1952 establishments in Ohio
Shu ( Egyptian šw , `` emptiness '' or `` he who rises up '' ) was one of the primordial Egyptian gods , spouse and brother to the goddess Tefnut , and one of the nine deities of the Ennead of the Heliopolis cosmogony . He was the god of peace , lions , air , and wind .
Family
In Heliopolitan theology , Atum created the first couple of the Ennead , Shu and Tefnut by masturbating or by spitting . Shu was the father of Nut and Geb and grandfather of Osiris , Isis , Set , and Nephthys . His great-grandsons are Horus and Anubis .
Myths
As the air , Shu was considered to be a cooling , and thus calming , influence , and pacifier . Due to the association with dry air , calm , and thus Ma'at ( truth , justice , order , and balance ) , Shu was depicted as the dry air/atmosphere between the earth and sky , separating the two realms after the event of the First Occasion . Shu was also portrayed in art as wearing an ostrich feather . Shu was seen with between one and four feathers . The ostrich feather was symbolic of lightness and emptiness . Fog and clouds were also Shu 's elements and they were often called his bones . Because of his position between the sky and earth , he was also known as the wind .
In a much later myth , representing a terrible weather disaster at the end of the Old Kingdom , it was said that Tefnut and Shu once argued , and Tefnut left Egypt for Nubia ( which was always more temperate ) . It was said that Shu quickly decided that he missed her , but she changed into a cat that destroyed any man or god that approached . Thoth , disguised , eventually succeeded in convincing her to return .
The Greeks associated Shu with Atlas , the primordial Titan who held up the celestial spheres , as they are both depicted holding up the sky .
According to the Heliopolitan cosmology , Shu and Tefnut , the first pair of cosmic elements , created the sky goddess , Nut , and the earth god , Geb . Shu separated Nut from Geb as they were in the act of love , creating duality in the manifest world : above and below , light and dark , good and evil . Prior to their separation , however , Nut had given birth to the gods Isis , Osiris , Nephthys ( Horus ) and Set . The Egyptians believed that if Shu did not hold Nut ( sky ) and Geb ( earth ) apart there would be no way for physically-manifest life to exist .
Shu is mostly represented as a man . Only in his function as a fighter and defender as the sun god and he sometimes receives a lion 's head . He carries an ankh , the symbol of life .
See also
Anhur-Shu
References
Further reading
Hans Bonnet : Lexikon der ägyptischen Religionsgeschichte , Berlin 2000 , , S. 685-689 → Shu
Adolf Erman : Die Aegyptische Religion , Verlag Georg Reimer , Berlin 1909
Wolfgang Helck : Kleines Lexikon der Ägyptologie , 1999 , S. 269f . → Shu
Francoise Dunand and Christiane Zivie-Coche : `` Gods and Men in Egypt 3000 BCE to 395 CE '' , Cornell University Press 2005 ,
Jacobus Van Dijk , Myth and Mythmaking in Ancient Egypt , ed . J.M . Sasson , New York , Simon & Schuster , 1995 .
Egyptian gods
Wind gods
Atlas ( mythology )
Lion deities
Personifications
The Z series is a series of prototype extra-vehicular activity ( EVA ) space suits being developed in the Advanced Extravehicular Mobility Unit ( AEMU ) project under NASA 's Advanced Exploration Systems ( AES ) program . The suits are being designed to be used for both micro-gravity and planetary EVAs .
Along with a NASA designed life support system , the new higher pressure Z suits allow for bypassing pre-breathe and allows for quick donning of the suit and exit of the spacecraft . The Z-1 is the first suit to be successfully integrated into a suitport dock mechanism eliminating the need for an air lock , and reducing the consumable demands on long term missions . A later variant is planned to be tested on the International Space Station in 2017 .
Versions
Z-1
The Z-1 suit consists of a soft upper torso , soft lower torso , glove assembly , boot assembly and hemispherical dome helmet . Z-1 is called a `` soft '' suit because when unpressurized its primary structures are pliable fabrics , although it does have several hard mobility elements . The suit has a mass of , with the suitport interface plate ( SIP ) it is , and with the SIP and portable life support system ( PLSS ) mock-up it is .
The Z-1 prototype was designed and built by ILC Dover for NASA . The Z-1 was named one of Time Magazine 's Best inventions of the year for 2012 . Because of its unique neon green colored stripes on the arms and legs , the suit has entered popular culture as the `` Buzz Lightyear Suit '' for sharing the color worn by the character in the Pixar movie Toy Story .
NASA has been running a series of tests on the Z-1 . According to a NASA report there have been two parts of the testing 1 ) characterize the suit performance to down selection of components for the planned Z -2 Space Suit and 2 ) “ develop interfaces with the suitport and exploration vehicles through pressurized suit evaluations . ”
Z-2
Both ILC Dover and David Clark competed for the $ 4.4 million contract to design , manufacture and test the Z-2 prototype space suit . In April 2013 , it was announced that ILC Dover had won ; the contract is expected to last for an 18-month period .
The Z-2 will use a non-autoclave hard composite upper torso ; it is believed this will improve its long-term durability . The design of the shoulder and hip has been improved based on Z-1 testing . The Z-2 will use higher fidelity boots along with materials that are compatible with a full vacuum environment . The suit is expected to have a mass of . The Z-2 will be designed to interface with NASA 's advanced portable life support system , currently under development at the Johnson Space Center . The suit will also be designed to interface with both classical air locks and suit ports .
The Z-2 prototype suit was expected to be delivered to NASA by November 2014 with a technology readiness level of 7 but was delayed until spring 2015 . Final delivery and testing in a human-rated vacuum chamber and the Neutral Buoyancy Lab is expected in 2018-2019 . This is leading up to a human-rated thermal/vacuum chamber test of the suit with its PLSS in 2020 .
Portable life support system
The Next Generation Life Support ( NGLS ) project is developing components that are planned to be part of the portable life support system ( PLSS ) . Two of those components are the Variable Oxygen Regulator ( VOR ) and the Rapid Cycle Amine ( RCA ) swing bed .
The VOR is expected to allow the suit pressure to be adjusted to 84 settings between 0 and 8.4 psid . The current Extravehicular Mobility Unit ( EMU ) only has two pressure settings . This new capability will enable in-suit decompression sickness treatment and flexibility for interfacing with different vehicles . It also allows EVAs to start at a higher internal pressure to decrease prebreathe time , and then slowly decrease the pressure afterward in order to maximize mobility and minimize crew fatigue .
The RCA swing bed removes carbon dioxide ( CO2 ) and controls humidity . The RCA CO2 removal capability is regenerated during EVA by exposure to vacuum , making it superior to previous systems . To remove CO2 , the current EMU has to use either a lithium hydroxide ( LiOH ) canister or a Metal Oxide ( Metox ) canister . The LiOH canister can only be used once . The Metox canister can be reused post-EVA but to do so take fourteen hours and requires auxiliary equipment , crew time and significant electricity . RCA is expected to weigh less than current comparable systems .
References
American spacesuits
The Cardinal of Monreale may refer to :
Juan de Borja Lanzol de Romaní , el mayor ( 1446-1503 ) , Bishop of Monreale 1483–1503 , Cardinal 1492-1503
Juan Castellar y de Borja ( 1441-1505 ) , Bishop of Monreale 1503–05 , Cardinal 1503-05
Wrexham County Borough Museum ( or simply Wrexham Museum ) is a local history museum in Wrexham , Wrexham County Borough , Wales . It is located within County Buildings , alongside the A. N. Palmer Centre for Local Studies and Archives and a proposed Football Museum for Wales . The building is located on Regent Street , in the city centre . The museum is managed by the Wrexham Heritage & Archives Service , which in turn , is operated by Wrexham County Borough Council as part of its Housing & Economy Department .
History
The museum is housed in County Buildings on Regent Street , in Wrexham 's city centre . The building , designed by Thomas Penson , was a former militia barracks and later a police station and Magistrates ' court . The police vacated the building in 1976–1977 , and it became part of a local art college .
In 1996 , following the formation of Wrexham County Borough , the local council set up a museum in the then vacant building . The museum is managed by the Wrexham Heritage & Archives Service , part of Wrexham County Borough Council 's Housing & Economy Department . The archives are regarded to be part of the museum , but were named in honour of local historian Alfred Neobard Palmer , as the A. N. Palmer Centre for Local Studies and Archives , and opened in 2002 .
In 2009 , the museum was awarded a £950,000 grant from the Heritage Lottery Fund to open up more of the building to display the museum 's collections . In 2010–2011 , a glass extension was added to the front of the building , as well as a museum-wide refurbishment , reopening on 14 February 2011 .
Description
The museum focuses on the history of Wrexham and the wider County Borough area . Touring national and local exhibitions are also featured at the museum at various events . The museum houses a Courtyard Cafe and a shop . It is walking distance from Wrexham bus station ( ) , Central ( ) and General railway stations ( ) , with a multi-storey car park at the rear . Wrexham Cathedral is adjacent to the building 's west .
The Football Museum Wales project , backed by Wrexham County Borough Council and the Welsh Government , hopes to set up a national football museum in the building alongside Wrexham Museum , on the building 's upper floor .
Galleries and collections
The museum hosts over 16,000 objects , with not all avaliable to view at the same time , however any object can be requested to the museum to view in-person at an appointed time .
The museum contains three exhibitions , described as 'galleries ' . Gallery One is focused on the archaeology and social history of Wrexham County Borough . Gallery Two is centred on various collections of Amgueddfa Cymru – National Museum Wales and the National Library of Wales . Gallery Three is used for various other programmes , including touring exhibitions in the museum for a limited period . This included an Ancient Egyptian touring exhibition from the British Museum in 2015 , and a exhibition on the roman history of Holt in 2021 .
The museum also hosts an attraction known as the `` Time Tunnel '' .
Notable collections in the museum relating to aspects of the local history include : Wales Football collection , the local coal , iron and steel industries , and the brick , tile and terracotta industry .
References
1996 establishments in Wales
Museums established in 1996
Museums in Wrexham County Borough
Human Rights League or League for Human Rights may refer to :
Asia
Women 's League for Human Rights , India
Africa
Algerian League for Human Rights ( LADH )
Chadian League for Human Rights ( LTDH )
Human Rights League of the Horn of Africa ( HRLHA )
Ivorian League for Human Rights ( LIDHO ) or ( LIDO )
League for Human Rights ( Benin )
League for Human Rights ( Nigeria )
Libyan League for Human Rights
Mozambican League for Human Rights
Togolese League for Human Rights ( LTDH )
Tunisian Human Rights League ( LTDH )
Zairian League for Human Rights
Europe
Austrian League for Human Rights
Belarus Republican League for Human Rights
Bulgarian League for Human Rights ( BLHR )
Bund für Menschenrecht ( BfM ; disbanded )
Dutch League for Human Rights ( LVRM )
European League for Human Rights ( AEDH )
Finnish League for Human Rights ( FLHR )
German League for Human Rights
( 1923–1933 ) , German homosexual organization
Human Rights League ( Czech Republic )
Human Rights League ( Dutch-speaking Belgium )
Human Rights League ( France )
Human Rights League ( French-speaking Belgium )
Hungarian League for Human Rights
International Federation of Human Rights ( FIDH ) , established 1922 , headquartered in Paris
League for Human Rights ( London )
Mediterranean and Middle East
Citizens League for Human Rights , Greek web site
Hellenic League for Human Rights ( LHDH ) or ( HLHR )
Iranian League for Human Rights ( FIDH )
Iraqi Humanitarian League for Human Rights
Israeli League for Human Rights
North America
International League for Human Rights ( ILHR ) , founded in 1942 , based in New York
League for Human Rights ( Cleveland , OH )
League for Human Rights of B'nai Brith Canada
Mexican League for Human Rights
South America
Argentine Human Rights League Foundation ( FLADH )
Argentine League for Human Rights ( LADH , Spanish )
Miéna is a small town and commune in the Cercle of Koutiala in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali . The commune covers an area of 190 square kilometers and includes 4 settlements . In the 2009 census it had a population of 14,365 . The town of Miéna , the administrative centre ( chef-lieu ) of the commune , is 63 km northwest of Koutiala .
References
External links
.
Communes of Sikasso Region
David Sánchez Rodríguez ( born 25 July 1982 ) is a Spanish former footballer who played as a defensive or attacking midfielder , and is the current manager of Real Murcia 's under-17 team .
Club career
A trainee of both Sevilla FC ( early ) and FC Barcelona ( with whom he featured in a UEFA Champions League game , against Club Brugge KV ) , Sánchez was born in Seville , Andalusia , and he made his debut in La Liga with Albacete Balompié in 2003–04 . On 19 October 2003 , after a team effort , he scored from a lob in a 3–1 home win over Real Sociedad – his only goal of the season .
Sánchez spent the second half of the 2004–05 campaign in the second division , loaned to Deportivo Alavés , and appeared rarely as the Basques returned to the top flight . He then completed another two solid years with Albacete .
In July 2007 , Sánchez moved to Gimnàstic de Tarragona of the second level . Scarcely used , he joined Romanian club FC Timişoara at the end of the season , being loaned to FC Gloria Buzău in January 2009 and being released in July after only 12 total appearances .
After spending the first months of the new campaign training on his own , Sánchez moved in January 2010 to CD Castellón of division two , making no appearances as the Valencian team also suffered relegation . In August , he signed with another side in that tier , Elche CF .
Sánchez left the club at the end of 2010–11 , amid rumours that he had sold out to Granada CF during the top division promotion play-offs . Shortly after , he signed for CD Atlético Baleares in the third division .
On 13 July 2013 , Sánchez returned to Gimnàstic , now in the third tier of Spanish football . On 23 July of the following year , he moved to UD Melilla in the same division .
Sánchez continued to compete in the lower leagues or amateur football until his retirement at the age of 37 , representing in the process Cádiz CF , Atlético Baleares , Real Murcia and Orihuela CF . On 4 July 2019 , he was appointed manager of Murcia 's under-17 squad as well as part of the club 's technical secretariat .
References
External links
1982 births
Living people
Footballers from Seville
Spanish footballers
Association football midfielders
La Liga players
Segunda División players
Segunda División B players
Tercera División players
FC Barcelona C players
FC Barcelona Atlètic players
FC Barcelona players
Albacete Balompié players
Gimnàstic de Tarragona footballers
CD Castellón footballers
Elche CF players
CD Atlético Baleares footballers
UD Melilla footballers
Cádiz CF players
Real Murcia players
Orihuela CF players
Liga I players
FC Politehnica Timișoara players
FC Gloria Buzău players
Spain youth international footballers
Spanish expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Romania
Spanish expatriate sportspeople in Romania
Haraldur is a masculine Icelandic given name . Notable people with the name include :
Haraldur Freyr Guðmundsson ( born 1981 ) , Icelandic professional football defender
Haraldur Ingólfsson ( born 1970 ) , Icelandic former footballer
Haraldur Kálvsson , from the year 1412 was First Minister of the Faroe Islands
Haraldur Sigurdsson ( born 1939 ) , Icelandic volcanologist and geochemist
Haraldur Vignir Sveinbjörnsson ( born 1975 ) , Icelandic composer and music arranger
Icelandic masculine given names
The World 's Children 's Prize for the Rights of the Child was founded in 2000 and is run by the World 's Children 's Prize Foundation ( WCPF ) , based in Mariefred , Sweden .
The WCPF is a non-profit organisation , independent of all political and religious affiliation , and run with support from bodies including the Swedish Postcode Lottery and the Swedish International Development Cooperation Agency .
Patrons
Patrons of the World 's Children 's Prize include Malala Yousafzai , the late Nelson Mandela from South Africa , Democracy Champion , and Freedom Fighter Xanana Gusmão , from East Timor . Its patrons also include Queen Silvia of Sweden , Graça Machel and Desmond Tutu . Artists Loreen and Vusi `` The Voice '' Mahlasele are also patrons .
Laureates
Since the launch of the program in 2000 , more than 55 Prize Laureates have been awarded the World 's Children 's Prize .
Oversight
The World 's Children 's Prize Foundation is regulated by Svensk Insamlingskontroll ( Swedish Fundraising Control ) , which monitors charitable fundraising .
References
External links
Official web page
Children 's rights organizations
Organizations based in Sweden
Organizations established in 2000
2000 establishments in Sweden
Awards established in 2000
The Saskatchewan Hawks was a professional basketball club based in Saskatoon , Saskatchewan that competed in the International Basketball Association beginning in the 2000–2001 season . The team 's ownership group was composed of Tom Tao and former NBA owner Ted Stepien , as well as local private owners . The team 's best season was during the 2000–2001 season that saw the Hawks finish second in the division and defeat the Billings RimRockers in the first round of playoffs , before eventually losing to the eventual IBA Champion Dakota Wizards in round two . That season , the team was coached by Rob Spon , before he was unexpectedly let go with two games remaining in the regular season . The director of operations was Travis Grindle . Mike Stefanuk was team manager ; Mitchell MacGowan was an Assistant Coach and the other was assistant coach Otis Hailey , who assumed the head coach position after Spon was let go . The team then joined the Continental Basketball Association in 2001 when the IBA folded , along with former IBA rivals , the Dakota Wizards and the Fargo-Moorhead Beez . In their first and only season in the CBA , the Hawks compiled the worst record in the league ( 8–32 ) , and the team folded during the off-season . Their first coach that year was Laurian Watkins , who was let go in a power struggle .
External links
Official Site ( defunct )
Sport in Saskatoon
Defunct basketball teams in Canada
Defunct sports teams in Saskatchewan
Basketball in Saskatchewan
Basketball teams established in 2000
Basketball teams disestablished in 2001
Salur , Kumluca is a village in the District of Kumluca , Antalya Province , Turkey . As of 2010 it had a population of 2,239 people .
References
Villages in Kumluca District
Manada Tameike Dam is an earthfill dam located in Gifu Prefecture in Japan . The dam is used for flood control and irrigation . The catchment area of the dam is 1.4 km2 . The dam impounds about 6 ha of land when full and can store 285 thousand cubic meters of water . The construction of the dam was completed in 1953 .
References
Dams in Gifu Prefecture
Rhododendron beyerinckianum is a rhododendron species native to Indonesia and western Papua New Guinea , extending as far east as Mount Victoria and Mount Dayman , where it grows at altitudes of 1400–4000 meters . It is a shrub that grows to 5 m in height , with leathery leaves that are narrowly ovate , 6 x 3.5 cm in size . Flowers are tubular-funnel-shaped and usually dark red , but also white , yellow , greenish or pink .
References
Nova Guinea 8:876 , t. 150 . 1912 .
Plants of the World Online
Vireya.net
Hirsutum.com
Atkinson , R. , K. Jong & G. Argent , `` Chromosome numbers of some tropical rhododendrons ( section Vireya ) '' , Edinburgh J. Bot . 57 ( 1 ) : 1–7 . 2000 .
Isotype of Rhododendron beyerinckianum Koord . var . longipetiolatum J.J.Sm .
beyerinckianum
Taxa named by Sijfert Hendrik Koorders
