Moussa Mara ( born 2 March 1975 in Bamako ) is a Malian politician who was Prime Minister of Mali from 2014 to 2015 . Previously he served in the government as Minister of Town Planning , and he was an unsuccessful candidate in the 2013 presidential election .
Mara was appointed as Prime Minister on 5 April 2014 , following the unexplained resignation of his predecessor Oumar Tatam Ly . After less than a year in office , he resigned on 8 January 2015 , and Modibo Keita was appointed to replace him on the same day .
References
1975 births
Living people
Malian Muslims
Prime Ministers of Mali
People from Bamako
Government ministers of Mali
21st-century Malian people
Changyŏn station is a railway station in Changyŏn-ŭp , Changyŏn County , South Hwanghae Province , North Korea . It is the terminus of the Changyŏn Line of the Korean State Railway .
History
Changyŏn station was opened by the Chosen Railway on 21 January 1937 , along with the rest of the Sugyo–Changyŏn section of the former Changyŏn Line .
References
Railway stations in North Korea
Charles Wynne Nicholls ( 20 October 1831 – 24 January 1903 ) was an Irish painter of genre , historical subjects and Orientalist scenes .
Life and career
Charles Wynne Nicholls was born into a middle-class family in Dublin on 20 October 1831 . His father , John Nicholls , was an apothecary of 48 Dawson Street in Dublin . His mother was Martha Craven .
Nicholls studied art at the Royal Dublin Society 's Schools and the Royal Hibernian Academy . He began to exhibit in 1859 as a Member of the Royal Hibernian Academy . He exhibited regularly at the Royal Academy as well . He left Ireland for London in 1864 , but continued to exhibit in Dublin for the rest of his life . He lived at 44 Halsey Street in London .
A representative of the Victorian painting genre of portraits and city landscapes , he was a very capable artist . His genre and Oriental scenes were very popular and found a ready market among Victorian art collectors .
He died at his home in London on 24 January 1903 .
Work
Select list of paintings
Tomb of Grace Darling
Seaside Romance
What are the wild waves saying ?
Lady in Lilac
The Light of the Harem
The Race between Atlanta and Melanion
An Eastern Beauty , 1862
A Young Woman in Distress Attended by her Maid
Queen Victoria and Family on Brighton Sands 1860s
Envious Glances , 1866 Dover Collection
Courtship on The Beach , 1867 now at Scarborough 's Art Gallery .
The Parting Of Conrad And Medora ,
Loves me , Loves me Not ,
See also
List of Orientalist artists
Orientalism
References
External links
Nicholls at Wolverhampton Arts and Museums
BBC UK Art
1831 births
1903 deaths
19th-century Irish painters
20th-century Irish painters
Irish male painters
Orientalist painters
19th-century Irish male artists
20th-century Irish male artists
Events in the year 2016 in Egypt .
Incumbents
President : Abdel Fattah el-Sisi
Prime Minister : Sherif Ismail
Events
January
8 January - Sinai insurgency : Two suspected ISIL attackers were killed and three tourists were injured in an unsuccessful attack on a hotel in the city of Hurghada .
February
3 February : The discovering of the murder of Giulio Regeni , an Italian researcher who was abducted and tortured to death , results in a diplomatic tension between governments of Italy and Egypt .
March
March 29 - EgyptAir Flight 181 , an Airbus A320 , was hijacked and was forced to land at Cyprus . The hijacker claimed to have an explosive belt , but surrendered 7 hours later . Authorities found out he did not have any explosives .
May
May 19 - EgyptAir Flight 804 between Paris and Cairo disappears with 56 passengers and 10 crew on board . The plane was at 37,000 feet when it disappeared ten minutes before entering Egyptian airspace over the Mediterranean Sea . It is later reported to have crashed off the Greek island of Karpathos with terrorism suspected .
August
August 5-21 - 38 athletes from Egypt competed in the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil . Egypt brought home 3 bronze metals .
December
December 11 - The Coptic Orthodox Botroseya church was bombed with the fatalities resulting in 29 deaths and 49 non-fatal injuries . Daesh was blamed .
References
Egypt
Egypt
2010s in Egypt
Years of the 21st century in Egypt
The 1929–30 Penn Quakers men 's ice hockey season was the 13th season of play for the program .
Season
Penn revived its ice hockey program and announced the team 's schedule in early December . With new coach Normand Shay , a former NHL player , in charge of the program , there was hope that the team could do well despite several years of inactivity . To entice the potential fans even more was the skill of the freshman team which was supposed to make the Quakers viable in the coming years . The sport was reinstituted on a provision basis , however , and would only survive if this season if the university 's Council of Athletics agreed to continue the program .
The team opened its season on the 11th of December and , while their loss was unsurprising , the magnitude of the defeat was a bit hard to swallow . the team was walloped 12–0 and would need to improve quickly if they wanted to compete with their contemporaries . One of the biggest issues for the club was the lack of conditioning that saw them flag badly in the later half of each period . Unfortunately , the team had little time to get better before their next game and fell 3–19 to a very strong Princeton team . In spite of the lopsided score , Penn showed some life late by scoreing their three goals in the later half of the match .
A rematch with the Tigers awaited the team after the Christmas break and coach Shay left his starting lineup unchanged . While the Quakers lost the rematch , they nearly halved the number of goals they allowed , demonstrating significant improvement during the previous month . The team had a short turnaround before the next game and welcomed Boston College to Philadelphia for the first meeting between the two programs . While Penn lost again , the margin of their defeats continued to fall and the improved play of goaltender Goodman held their opponents to 6 goals on 33 shots .
Continued improvement put Penn closer to their first win of the season and they were within striking distance of Brown for much of their next match . The following game came against possibly the best team in the country when Yale arrived to revive the programs ' rivalry . Yale ended up winning the game in dominating fashion , though Penn was missing one of its regular defensemen in Oldham .
Nearing the halfway point of their season , the Quakers had yet to win a game . However , excluding the Yale game , the team had produced better results each game and were progressing well with the training they received from coach Shay . The final game before the team paused for semester examinations was against the Pennsylvania Athletic Club and led by former Quaker player and coach , George Orton . It would turn out to be the final game behind the bench for Shay as he was replaced by Percy Fynan . The first game under Fynan was a debacle as the team was solidly defeated 1–9 but the team was getting used to their new coach as well as a new lineup . Captain O'Reilly had been shifted to wing while new addition Jim Holland was installed at center . The Quakers were n't able to improve on their first meeting with BC , mainly due to a lack of teamwork .
Two more losses followed in which the Quakers could n't manage a goal but then coach Fynan had time to teach his men a new system . When the Quakers entered the game against a mediocre MIT they knew it was probably their best chance to win all season . Penn took an early lead , but soon found themselves behind . Goodman held MIT back for the remainder of the game and allowed Penn to score twice more to earn their first victory of the year . The program had one final game to play and closed out the year with a 3–1 win over Rensselaer .
The success at the end of the year convinced the athletic department to bring the team back for the following year .
Roster
Standings
Schedule and Results
|-
! colspan=12 style= '' ; '' | Regular Season
† Most records erroneously have the game recorded as being played on January 10 , when it was originally scheduled to be held .
References
Penn Quakers men 's ice hockey seasons
Penn Quakers
Penn Quakers
Penn Quakers
Penn Quakers
The Rafael Uribe Uribe Palace of Culture is a public building in Medellín , that houses cultural programs related to the Department of Antioquia , such as concerts , conferences , and art exhibitions . Belgian architect Agustín Goovaerts designed the building in a Gothic Revival style . The palace was named after Rafael Uribe Uribe , a General for the Colombian Liberal Party .
The Palace of Culture is today considered a National Monument of Colombia and is freely open to the public . It houses the Institute of Culture and Heritage of Antioquia . Visitors have access to the historical and photographical archive , music and sound archive , café , library , documentation center , permanent art gallery , and “ Rafael Uribe Uribe ” Museum room . The large dome located in the building is also used as an auditorium and a projection room , and can be used to watch movies .
Location
It is located in the La Candelaria commune , in the central-eastern zone of Medellín . The building is located in an urban part of Medellín . There is a lot of foot traffic in the area , with Berrío Park station of the Medellín Metro , Botero Plaza , Berrío Park , Museum of Antioquia , Bolívar Park , and the Basilica of Our Lady of Candelaria all in close proximity .
Early history
On April 17 , 1826 , the headquarters of the Governor of Santa Fe de Antioquia moved to Medellin and since that time , there was a discussion of the need to build a site that would house the administrative power in the region . The original headquarters was an old house on the corner of Bolívar Street and Boyacá Street . The house had two floors and 16 offices .
General Pedro Nel Ospina , who at the time was Governor of Antioquia and later became President of Colombia , requested the construction of this building and several others for Medellín in 1920 . The original plans for the building were disputed , so that its final construction was more modest than originally planned . The Rafael Uribe Uribe Palace was originally the official building for the Government of Antioquia , and was known as `` Calibío Palace '' . It was under construction from the 1925 to 1937 and designed by Belgian architect Agustín Goovaerts in a Gothic Revival style .
Construction
First stage
Construction began in 1925 with a section at the intersection of Calibío Street and Bolívar Street . This part was to host the Archive and the Departmental Assembly . The work had to be suspended by order of the Governor Camilo C. Restrepo during the 1929 crisis . A deficit in the treasury delayed the construction for four years .
Second stage
After four years , building work was resumed in 1932 . This construction stage involved the construction of the octagonal unit and the East Wing and the stairs with their hallways and balconies on Bolívar Street . Engineer and architect Jesús Mejía modified the plans for the balcony area because this space was going to be used for another purpose instead .
His work of interior decoration of the Assembly today is the Luis Lopez Auditorium Bureau . The interior also features bronze reliefs cast by Bernardo Vieco stands , a mural fresco `` The Liberation of Slaves '' by Ignacio Gómez Jaramillo , stained glass windows united with the ancient technique of leaded ( joined by strands of lead ) by the Horace and Arturo Longas brothers , and the central lamp .
Third stage
In 1937 , the palace was abandoned by the government . The halls of the unfinished building were closed with makeshift fences . Because of this deteriorating situation , the government began to plan the construction of another building as the seat of government , which would be located on the grounds adjacent to the railroad station .
Final stage
The architects Gerardo Mejía , Gustavo Restrepo , and Gustavo Aristizabal were contracted to finish the construction . They led the construction of the north facade and regained some elements of the original decoration . Finally , in 1982 , under the resolution 000002 of the National Council of National Monuments , the Palace was upgraded to a National Monument .
Name change
The Governor 's offices were moved to their new facilities in La Alpujarra Administrative Center . When it stopped being the government headquarters , the building was renamed `` Rafael Uribe Uribe Palace of Culture '' in 1987 , in honor of Colombian general Rafael Uribe Uribe who fought in the Thousand Days War . Some people suggested that the Palace became a commercial center , just as had happened with the Major Seminary ( now Villanueva Commercial Center ) and the National Palace ( now known as the National Palace Mall ) . Others suggested demolishing the Palace to build a new building .
The Palace was designed by Ordinance No . 59 of 1986 and No . 35 of 1988 , to cultural activities . For this purpose , it was designated as the headquarters of the then `` Directorate of Cultural Extension of the Ministry of Education and Culture of Antioquia '' , which is now known as the Institute for Culture and Heritage of Antioquia .
Design
The original designed contained five floors with space for over 300 offices , a large hall for the Departmental Assembly , a library and a museum . Not all of these plans made it to the final construction . The Palace has four floors , a center courtyard and rooftop observation area .
The shell of the dome is a masterpiece of mathematical architecture . The metal supports were imported from Belgium in 1928 and their assembly was done according to the model used for the New York skyscrapers , heating the nuts and bolts until incandescent with a tightening effect , and giving strength to the structure despite the absence of welding .
Gallery
References
External links
Institute of Culture and Heritage of Antioquia
Buildings and structures in Medellín
Palaces in Colombia
Tourist attractions in Medellín
Art museums and galleries in Colombia
National Monuments of Colombia
Cultural centers
Bennett 's woodpecker ( Campethera bennettii ) is a species of bird in the family Picidae . It is found in woodlands and bushes in Africa . The International Union for Conservation of Nature ( IUCN ) has assessed it as a least-concern species .
Taxonomy
This species was described by Andrew Smith in 1836 . Two subspecies are recognised : Campethera bennettii bennettii and C. b. capricorni . The common name and Latin binomial commemorate the British naturalist Edward Turner Bennett . Bennett 's woodpecker , the fine-spotted woodpecker , the Nubian woodpecker and the speckle-throated woodpecker form a superspecies .
Description
Bennett 's woodpecker is about long and weighs . The male 's forehead , crown and nape are red . The chin and throat are white . The upperparts are brown , yellow and white . The underparts are pale yellow , and there are dark spots on the breast and flanks . The eyes are red , the beak is grey , and the legs are bluish-green or grey-green . The female has a black forehead with white spots , and its ear coverts and throat are brown or blackish-brown . The juvenile bird has a black forehead and crown and darker upperparts . The subspecies capricorni is slightly larger , and its underparts have a deeper colour and fewer spots .
Distribution and habitat
This woodpecker is found in Angola , Botswana , Burundi , Democratic Republic of the Congo , Malawi , Mozambique , Namibia , Rwanda , South Africa , Swaziland , Tanzania , Zambia , and Zimbabwe , and it has a patchy distribution . Its habitat is woodlands and bushes , including miombo , Baikiaea , Acacia and mopane woodlands .
Behaviour
Bennett 's woodpecker is found singly , in pairs or in family groups . It mostly forages on the ground , either bare or with short grass , and also feeds in trees . It mostly eats ants and termites , including their eggs . Its calls include notes , a series of , or , and a chattering . Breeding occurs from August to February . The woodpecker excavates or reuses holes in trees . Three eggs are laid and then incubated for 15 to 18 days .
Status
The species has a stable population and there is no evidence of substantial threats , so the IUCN has assessed it as a least-concern species .
Gallery
References
External links
Image at ADW
Bennett 's woodpecker
Birds of Southern Africa
Bennett 's woodpecker
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Mount Rigel is the highest peak of Orion Massif , Rymill Coast , Palmer Land , Antarctica , with an elevation of . It was mapped by the United States Geological Survey using U.S. Navy aerial photographs taken between 1966 and 1969 and named by the United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee in 1976 after the star Rigel in the constellation Orion .
Mountains of Palmer Land
Shady Grove Baptist Church is a historic church at 3444 31st Way North , Collegeville in Birmingham , Alabama . The building is of concrete construction that was built in 1942 under the direct of its pastor , the Rev . Lewis J. Rogers . The exterior was faced with Permastone in the early 1960s . It is significant for its congregation 's participation in the Alabama Christian Movement for Human Rights rallies for Civil rights in the 1950s and the 1960s under Rogers ' direction . The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2005 .
References
Baptist churches in Alabama
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Alabama
National Register of Historic Places in Birmingham , Alabama
Churches completed in 1958
Churches in Birmingham , Alabama
The bar-bellied woodpecker ( Veniliornis nigriceps ) is a species of bird in the family Picidae .
It is found in Bolivia , Colombia , Ecuador , and Peru . Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests .
References
bar-bellied woodpecker
Birds of the Northern Andes
bar-bellied woodpecker
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Permute ( and Shuffle ) instructions , part of bit manipulation as well as vector processing , copy unaltered contents from a source array to a destination array , where the indices are specified by a second source array . The size ( bitwidth ) of the source elements is not restricted but remains the same as the destination size .
There exists two important permute variants , known as gather and scatter , respectively . The gather variant is as follows :
for i = 0 to length-1
dest [ i ] = src [ indices [ i ] ]
where the scatter variant is :
for i = 0 to length-1
dest [ indices [ i ] ] = src [ i ]
Note that unlike in memory-based gather-scatter all three of dest , src , and indices are registers ( or parts of registers in the case of bit-level permute ) , not memory locations .
The scatter variant can be seen to `` scatter '' the source elements across ( into ) to the destination , where the `` gather '' variant is gathering data from the indexed source elements .
Given that the indices may be repeated in both variants , the resultant output is not a strict mathematical permutation because duplicates can occur in the output .
A special case of permute is also used in GPU `` swizzling '' ( again , not strictly a permutation ) which performs on-the-fly reordering of subvector data so as to align or duplicate elements with the appropriate SIMD lane .
Occurrences of permute instructions
Permute instructions occur in both scalar processors and vector processing engines as well as GPUs . In vector instruction sets they are typically named `` Register Gather/Scatter '' operations such as in RISC-V vectors , and take Vectors as input for both source elements and source array , and output another Vector .
In scalar instruction sets the scalar registers are broken down into smaller sections ( unpacked , SIMD style ) where the fragments are then used as array sources . The ( small , partial ) results are then concatenated ( packed ) back into the scalar register as the result .
Some ISAs , particularly for cryptographic applications , even have bit-level permute operations , such as
bdep ( bit deposit ) in RISC-V bitmanip ; in the Power ISA it is known as and has been included for several decades , and is still in the Power ISA v.3.0 B spec .
Also in some non-vector ISAs , due to there sometimes being insufficient space in the one source input register to specify the permutation source array in full ( particularly if the operation involves bit-level permutation ) , will include partial reordering instructions . Examples include VSHUFF32x4 from AVX-512 .
Permute operations in different forms are surprisingly common , occurring in AltiVec , Power ISA , PowerPC G4 , AVX-512 , SVE2 , vector processors , and GPUs . They are sufficiently important that LLVM added the intrinsic and GCC added the intrinsic . GCC 's intrinsic matches the functionality of OpenCL 's shuffle intrinsics . Note that all of these , mathematically , are not permutations because duplicates can occur in the output .
See also
References
External links
Unofficial convenient list of AVX-512 shuffle instructions
Official Intel AVX-512 ISA Manual
ARM NEON tutorial on data rearrangement
Binary arithmetic
Computer arithmetic
Spring Hill is an unincorporated community in Augusta County , Virginia , United States .
In 1882 , Spring Hill was a thriving village with several stores and two churches . It , like other communities in Augusta County , flourished into the early 1900s . Today , all that is left is a Presbyterian church , some houses , and a few abandoned storefronts . It is part of the Staunton–Waynesboro Micropolitan Statistical Area .
References
Unincorporated communities in Augusta County , Virginia
Unincorporated communities in Virginia
Daniel Bradley may refer to :
Daniel Joseph Bradley ( 1928–2010 ) , Irish physicist
Daniel Bradley ( politician ) ( 1833–1908 ) , American politician from New York
Daniel W. Bradley ( born 1941 ) , American virologist
Daniel J. Bradley , Canadian-American chemist and petroleum engineer
The 1989 Malta International Football Tournament ( known as the Rothmans Tournament for sponsorship reasons ) was the fourth edition of the Malta International Tournament . The competition was played between 8 and 12 February , with games hosted at the National Stadium in Ta ' Qali .
Matches
Winner
Statistics
Goalscorers
See also
China Cup
Cyprus International Football Tournament
References
1988–89 in Maltese football
1989 in Danish football
1989
Scott Fulton ( born 7 March 1973 ) is an Australian former rugby league footballer and the son of the rugby league Immortal Bob Fulton .
Fulton made his first-grade debut seven days after his 20th birthday , starting at hooker for the Manly Warringah Sea Eagles in the opening round of the 1993 NSWRL season , becoming the 390th Manly player to represent the club .
After seven seasons and only 49 games in the NSWRL , he played his final game in Round 7 of the 1999 season , against Balmain . This was also the last game his father coached the team . When his Bob Fulton quit his post , Scott was not selected for the firsts or reserves team , and he never played another game with Manly .
He later played for the Coonamble Bears in the Castlereagh Cup .
His brother Brett Fulton also played first-grade for Manly , similarly spending the entirety of his brief career under the coaching of their father .
Scott 's son Zac Fulton plays for Manly .
References
1973 births
Living people
People from Sydney
Australian people of English descent
Australian rugby league players
Manly Warringah Sea Eagles players
Rugby league hookers
Place of birth missing ( living people )
The third USS Lexington was a timberclad gunboat in the United States Navy during the American Civil War .
Purchase and conversion
Lexington was built as a sidewheel steamer at Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , in 1861 and was purchased by the War Department and converted into a gunboat at Cincinnati , Ohio , under the direction of Commander John Rodgers .
The gunboat , operated by the navy , joined the army 's Western Flotilla at Cairo , Illinois , 12 August 1861 . On 22 August , she seized steamer W. B. Terry at Paducah , Kentucky , and on 4 September , with , she engaged Confederate gunboat Jackson and southern shore batteries at Hickman and Columbus , Kentucky . On 6 September , the two gunboats spearheaded General Ulysses S. Grant 's drive to seize strategic Paducah and Smithland , Kentucky , at the mouths of the Tennessee and Cumberland Rivers . In his first use of strength afloat , Grant countered a Confederate move into the state , helping preserve Kentucky for the Union and foreshadowing his skillful use of naval mobility and support during the coming campaigns which divided the Confederacy and won the entire Mississippi system for the Union .
Lexingtons next action came on the 10th when she and silenced a Confederate battery and damaged Jackson at Lucas Bend , Missouri , while covering a troop advance . An 8-inch shell from Lexington exploded in Jacksons starboard wheelhouse causing severe damage . Only the powerful batteries on the bluffs at Columbus , Kentucky , saved Jackson and another Southern steamer from capture .
Battle of Belmont
After accompanying an expedition to Owensboro , Kentucky , on 22–25 September , Lexington again engaged the batteries of Columbus on 7 October . With Tyler a month later , she protected General Grant 's army during the Battle of Belmont silencing enemy batteries which opposed the landings . When a large number of fresh Confederate troops threatened Grant 's men , well directed fire of grape and canister from Lexington and Tyler scattered the Southern reinforcements enabling the Union soldiers to reach safety on their transports .
Battle of Fort Henry
The Western Flotilla steamed up the Tennessee River to attack Fort Henry which guarded this water approach to the South 's heartland . Although the operation was originally planned as a joint expedition , heavy rains for 2 days before the attack delayed troop movements so the gunboats attacked alone 6 February 1862 . Accurate fire from the gunboats pounded the fort and forced Brigadier General Lloyd Tilghman , CSA , with all but four of his defending guns useless , to strike his flag . In continuing operations the three days following the capitulation of Fort Henry , Tyler , Conestoga and Lexington swept the Tennessee for Confederate transports , seized the unfinished steamer Eastport , and destroyed a railroad bridge spanning the river .
Battle of Shiloh
After repairs Lexington rejoined Tyler protecting army transports and supporting troop movements along the Tennessee River . On 1 March the gunboats engaged Confederate forces fortifying Shiloh ( Pittsburg Landing ) Tennessee . They landed a party of sailors and army sharpshooters to reconnoiter Confederate strength in the area . They then moved further upstream and engaged a Confederate battery at Chickasaw , Alabama , on the 12th . Later in the month they steamed upstream to Eastport , Mississippi , where they exchanged fire with Southern artillery .
The capture of Fort Henry and Fort Donelson opened serious breaches in the Confederancy 's outer defense line which Grant was quick to exploit . Southern troops commanded by Gen. Albert Sidney Johnston , made a major effort to stem his advance in the Battle of Shiloh and came close to overwhelming the Union troops . Major General Leonidas Polk , CSA , reported that the Confederate forces `` were within from 150 to 400 yards of the enemy 's position , and nothing seemed wanting to complete the most brilliant victory of the war but to press forward and make a vigorous assault on the demoralized remnant of his forces . At this juncture his gunboats dropped down the river , near the landing where his troops were collected , and opened a tremendous cannonade of shot and shell over the bank , in the direction from where our forces were approaching . '' This timely support from Lexington and Tyler swung the delicate balance of forces back to the Union side and saved Grant 's men from disaster .
After the day was over , the Lexington and Tyler spent the night bombarding the Confederate army , which had settled down in Union camps they had captured early in the morning assault . Firing into the darkness , the gunboats caused few casualties , but they did prevent many Confederate soldiers from getting any sleep .
Battle of Saint Charles
Lexington continued to support army operations in the Tennessee River until steaming down the Mississippi with Conestoga , , and to enter the White River , 14 June . While the Union gunboats , were capturing St. Charles , Arkansas , 17 June a direct hit exploded Mound Citys steam drum scalding many of her men . The injured crewmen were treated on Lexington as she pushed 63 miles further upriver to Crooked Point Cut-off where shallow water forced her to turn back . The gunboat then returned to the Mississippi to protect army transports from guerilla bands which attacked from the river banks .
Yazoo River , Fort Hindman , and Cumberland River operations
Lexington , which transferred to the navy with the other ships of the Western Flotilla on 1 October 1862 , participated in the joint expedition up the Yazoo River to attack Vicksburg , Mississippi from the rear . On 27 December , while clearing mines from the river , the Union gunboats fought off heavy attacks by Confederate batteries . The next day they provided cover fire for General Sherman 's troops during an attack on Confederate-held Chickasaw Bayou . `` Through these operations , '' David Dixon Porter wrote , `` the Navy did everything that could be done to ensure the success of General Sherman 's movement . '' Though the navy supplied shore bombardment from the squadron and created diversionary movements , the Union troops , hindered by heavy rains and faced by the timely arrival of Confederate reinforcements , were forced to withdraw .
On 4 January 1863 , the gunboats and army transports headed up the White River , Arkansas , to attack Fort Hindman . The squadron covered the landing of troops on the 9th by shelling Confederate rifle pits . The next day , though the Army was not in position to press the attack , the Union ships moved to within 60 yards of the staunchly defended fort and began a blistering engagement which softened the works for the next day 's assault . When the Union troops charged the position on the 11th , the gunboats resumed their well-directed fire and silenced every southern gun . After this defeat the Confederates evacuated other positions on the White and Saint Charles rivers .
Meanwhile , Confederate raiders were threatening to wrest control of the Cumberland Valley from the Union . Answering General William Rosecrans ' appeal for naval support , Lexington got underway for the Cumberland River on 25 January . The joint army-navy cooperation kept the upper rivers open to the Union and prevented an effective Confederate counteroffensive . Frequently fighting off attacks from Southern snipers and flying batteries , Lexington escorted transports and destroyed Confederate positions along the banks . On 3 February with five other ships she helped repulse a Confederate attempt to retake Fort Donelson . When they reached the scene of the battle they found the defending troops `` out of ammunition and entirely surrounded by the rebels in overwhelming numbers , but still holding them in check . '' Lexington routed the Confederates in a hurry .
Battle of Milliken 's Bend
Ordered down the Mississippi on 2 June to support final operations against Vicksburg , Lexington joined in defending Union troops at Milliken 's Bend , Mississippi , from the assault of numerically superior Confederate soldiers on the 7th . For the next month she continued to operate against the mighty Confederate fortress until it fell on 4 July .
After reconnaissance work and patrol duty in the Mississippi during the summer , Lexington was ordered back to the Tennessee River on 29 October to assist General Sherman at the beginning of his drive through the Confederate heartland . However , at the end of February 1864 , she returned to the Mississippi for operations in support of the Red River Campaign . With paddle wheel monitor and four other gunboats she moved up the Black River to gather information about Confederate sharpshooters as they entered the Ouachita River and proceeded up the Bayou Louis where shallowing water compelled them to return , capturing Confederate artillery and large quantities of cotton before reaching the mouth of the Red River on 5 March . A week later the Mississippi Squadron moved up the Red River in force .
Red River
The Confederate defenders were driven off at Simmesport and General Smith 's troops marched on Fort De Russy , Louisiana , which was taken by the combined land and naval forces on 14 March 1864 . The next day Lexington with gunboat Ouachita , followed by the Eastport , pushed on toward Alexandria , Louisiana , chasing Confederate steamers fleeing toward safety above the Alexandria rapids ; but the Union ships arrived less than an hour too late to capture six steamers which had succeeding in getting over the falls . Confederate steamer Countess which grounded in flight and a barge left behind were burned to prevent capture . The army transports arrived the next day and troops were landed to occupy that town .
On 7 April , Lexington and five other gunboats steamed over the falls toward Shreveport , Louisiana , to support General Nathaniel Prentiss Banks who was advancing up the valley . Three days later the hulk of steamer New Falls City , sunk in a narrow stretch of the river near Springfield Landing , Louisiana , blocked the progress of the expedition . Before this obstruction could be removed , word arrived from Major General Banks of his defeat at the Battle of Sabine Crossroads near Grand Encore and retreat toward Pleasant Hill . The transports and troops of Brig . Gen. T. K. Smith were ordered to return to the major force and join Banks . The high point of the Union 's Red River campaign had been reached . From this point , with falling water levels and increased Confederate shore fire the gunboats would face a desperate battle to avoid being trapped above the Alexandria rapids .
Lexington silenced the shore battery but the Confederate cavalry poured a hail of musket fire into the rest of the squadron . The rebels fought with unusual pertinacity for over an hour , delivering the heaviest and most concentrated fire of musketry . What Porter described as `` this curious affair , ... a fight between infantry and gunboats '' , was finally decided by the gunboats ' fire , which inflicted heavy losses on the Confederates , including the death of their commander , General Thomas Green . This engagement featured the use of a unique instrument , developed by Chief Engineer Thomas Doughty of Osage and later described by Selfridge as `` a method of sighting the turret from the outside , by means of what would now be called a periscope ... '' The high banks of the Red River posed a great difficulty for the ships ' gunners in aiming their cannon from water level . Doughty 's ingenious apparatus helped to solve the problem . Thus was the periscope , a familiar sight on modern gun turrets and on submarines , brought into Civil War use on the western waters .
Upon reaching Grand Encore the fleet faced a dangerous situation . The Red River , normally high until late June , had fallen so much that the gunboats could not pass over the rapids and it seemed that the better part of the Mississippi Squadron was doomed to destruction as the Union Army made plans for evacuation . However , Lieutenant Colonel Joseph Bailey USA , proposed a plan for building a series of dams across the rocks of the falls and raising the water . A center opening would let the ships ride out on the crest of the water . On 9 May 1864 , the dam had nearly reached completion but the pressure of the water became so great that it swept away two stone barges which swung in below the dam on one side . Seeing this accident , Admiral Porter mounted a horse and rode up to where upper vessels were anchored and ordered Lexington to get underway .
Lieutenant Bache succeeded in getting Lexington over the upper falls , then steered her directly for the opening in the dam where the furiously raging waters seemed to promise only her destruction . She entered the gap in the dam with a full head of steam and pitched down the powerful torrent with several heavy rolls , hung for a moment on the rocks below , then reached the calm , deep water to the ringing cheers of some 30,000 voices . She was soon followed by the remainder of the vessels and the Union 's valuable fleet was saved .
On 15 June 1864 , Lexington seized the Confederate steamers Mattie , M. Walt and R. E. Hill , at Beulah Landing , Mississippi , with cotton on board . She repulsed an attack on White River Station , Arkansas , on 22 June 1864 . For the rest of the war she continued patrol and convoy duty .
She arrived at Mound City , Illinois on 5 June 1865 and decommissioned there on 2 July 1865 . Lexington was sold to Thomas Scott and Woodburn on 17 August 1865 .
See also
Seth Ledyard Phelps ( gunboat captain active in the Mississippi River Squadron and Red River Campaign )
References
External links
Bombardment of Fort Henry ( Feb. 2-6 , 1862 )
Ships of the Union Navy
Ships built in Pittsburgh
Gunboats of the United States Navy
American Civil War patrol vessels of the United States
The 2016 Austrian Darts Open was the fifth of ten PDC European Tour events on the 2016 PDC Pro Tour . The tournament took place at Multiversum Schwechat in Vienna , Austria , between 10–12 June 2016 . It featured a field of 48 players and £115,000 in prize money , with £25,000 going to the winner .
Vincent van der Voort was the defending champion from the 2014 tournament , but lost in the first round to Steve Beaton .
Phil Taylor won the event after beating Michael Smith 6–4 in the final , in what was his first ( and what would turn out to be his last ) PDC European Tour event since the 2014 Gibraltar Darts Trophy .
Prize money
The prize money of the European Tour events stays the same as last year .
Qualification and format
The top 16 players from the PDC ProTour Order of Merit on 13 May automatically qualified for the event and were seeded in the second round . The remaining 32 places went to players from three qualifying events - 20 from the UK Qualifier ( held in Coventry on 20 May ) , eight from the European Qualifier on 1 June and four from the Host Nation Qualifier on 9 June .
The following players will take part in the tournament :
Top 16
Michael van Gerwen ( Quarter-finals )
Peter Wright ( Quarter-finals )
Michael Smith ( Runner-up )
Dave Chisnall ( Third round )
Kim Huybrechts ( Third round )
Ian White ( Third round )
Benito van de Pas ( Third round )
Jelle Klaasen ( Third round )
Mensur Suljović ( Second round )
Terry Jenkins ( Semi-finals )
Robert Thornton ( Second round )
Phil Taylor ( Winner )
Stephen Bunting ( Quarter-finals )
Simon Whitlock ( Second round )
Alan Norris ( Third round )
Gerwyn Price ( Second round )
UK Qualifier
Steve West ( Second round )
Mervyn King ( First round )
Justin Pipe ( First round )
Brendan Dolan ( First round )
Chris Dobey ( Second round )
Wayne Jones ( First round )
Josh Payne ( Second round )
Steve Beaton ( Third round )
James Richardson ( Second round )
Jonny Clayton ( Second round )
Kyle Anderson ( Semi-finals )
Jamie Caven ( Second round )
Nigel Heydon ( Quarter-finals )
Steve McNally ( First round )
Darron Brown ( First round )
Mark Frost ( Second round )
Wes Newton ( First round )
Simon Stevenson ( Second round )
James Wilson ( First round )
Ross Smith ( First round )
European Qualifier
Ron Meulenkamp ( Third round )
Jermaine Wattimena ( Second round )
Jeffrey de Graaf ( First round )
Vincent van der Voort ( First round )
Mike Zuydwijk ( First round )
Dimitri Van den Bergh ( Second round )
Christian Kist ( First round )
Jeffrey de Zwaan ( First round )
Host Nation Qualifier
Nico Mandl ( First round )
Zoran Lerchbacher ( Second round )
Rowby-John Rodriguez ( Second round )
Roxy-James Rodriguez ( First round )
Draw
References
2016 PDC European Tour
2016 in Austrian sport
The Round Top Museum was a Gettysburg Battlefield visitor attraction established by John H. Rosensteel in 1888 on the north foot of Little Round Top near the Round Top Station and northeast of the Wheatfield Road and Grand Central Avenue ( now Sedgwick Av ) intersection . The museum of Battle of Gettysburg artifacts was in Rosensteel 's 1884 frame home and served as the `` Round Top inn '' restaurant/small hotel . On the east side of the residence , construction began in March 1902 for a `` dancing pavilion '' lit with acetelyne lamps that opened on May 25 , 1902 . A 1906 hop was held at the `` Little Round Top Hotel '' , the `` Round Top dance pavilion '' was the site of a 1918 fire and a 1925 stabbing , and picnics at Rosensteel Park were held as late as 1957 . The facility also included a store where a Camp Renaissance CCC worker committed a theft in 1936 .
The Round Top Museum and the 1921 Rosensteel electric map museum on Cemetery Ridge were owned by the Gettysburg National Museum corporation until 1964 , and the Round Top Museum became part of the Gettysburg National Military Park in 1971 which used the building as an environmental resource center until it was demolished c. 1982 . Part of the museum 's collection is in the GNMP 's set of 43,000 American Civil War artifacts displayed in the 2008 Gettysburg Museum and Visitor Center .
References
Defunct museums in Pennsylvania
Demolished buildings and structures in Pennsylvania
Museums in Adams County , Pennsylvania
Peddamandyam is a village in Annamayya district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh . It is the mandal headquarters of Peddamandyam mandal .
Demographics
Total ( 2011 ) . 34,502 - males . 17,278 - females 17,224
literacy ( 2011 ) - Total 50.12 % - males . 63.47 % - females . 36.77 %
References
Villages in Annamayya district
Mandal headquarters in Annamayya district
N. N. Kannappa is an Indian stage and film artiste . He worked mainly in Tamil plays and films . He had his own troupe Navasakthi that staged several plays .
N. N. Kannappa featured in the following Tamil language films .
Devaki ( 1951 ) - 1st film . Featured in the lead role with V. N. Janaki
Manidhanum Mirugamum ( 1953 )
Naalvar ( 1953 )
Town Bus ( 1955 ) - paired with Anjali Devi
Nannambikkai ( 1956 )
Paditha Penn ( 1956 )
Mala Oru Mangala Vilakku ( 1959 )
Paththarai Maathu Thangam ( 1959 )
Thamarai Kulam ( 1959 )
Thanthaikku Pin Thamaiyan ( 1960 )
Kappalottiya Thamizhan ( 1961 ) - as brother of Va. U. Si .
Deivathin Deivam ( 1962 )
Ninaipadharku Neramillai ( 1963 ) - as Police Inspector in Guest role
Award
Tamil Nadu State government conferred the 1965-66 Kalaimamani award on him for best stage artiste .
References
- `` Even the great actor M.N . Kannappa , who was then a popular hero in the Nawab Rajamanickam theatre group , preferred the negative character of Judas ''
- `` The first member on its rolls , as of 1955 , was N. N. Kannappa , .. ''
External links
( in Tamil )
Male actors in Tamil cinema
Tamil theatre
20th-century Indian male actors
Lieutenant-Colonel Sir James Stirling of Garden , ( born 1930 ) is a retired Scottish army officer and chartered surveyor , who served as Lord Lieutenant of Stirling and Falkirk from 1983 to 2005 .
The son of a colonel and a scion of the Garden branch of Clan Stirling , Stirling attended Rugby School and Trinity College , Cambridge . He was commissioned into the Army , commanded the Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders and served in the Korean War ; after leaving active service , he held commands in the Territorial Army in the 1960s and was honorary colonel of the 3rd Battalion of the 51st Highland Volunteers ( 1979–86 ) . In the meantime , he also practised as a chartered surveyor and became a partner in K. Ryden and Partners in 1962 . He left the company in 1989 . He also sat on the boards of Woolwich Building Society and the Scottish Widows and Life Insurance Fund .
By this time , he had already taken an active role in local affairs . He was appointed a deputy lieutenant for Stirling in 1970 and served as vice-lieutenant between 1979 and 1983 , when he became lord lieutenant . Stirling was appointed a Commander of the Order of the British Empire ( CBE ) in 1987 , and a Knight Commander of the Royal Victorian Order ( KCVO ) in the 2006 New Year Honours , the year after he retired as lord lieutenant . He was also awarded an honorary degree by the University of Stirling in 2004 , and the following year was made a Bailiff Grand Cross of the Order Saint John ( GCStJ ) ; he was Prior of the Order in Scotland between 1995 and 2009 .
References
Living people
1930 births
Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders officers
Alumni of Trinity College , Cambridge
Knights Commander of the Royal Victorian Order
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
Bailiffs Grand Cross of the Order of St John
51st Highland Volunteers officers
British Army personnel of the Korean War
Scottish surveyors
Lord-Lieutenants of Stirling and Falkirk
Estádio Antônio Cruz is a multi-use stadium in Fortaleza , Ceará , Brazil . It is used mostly for football matches , and has a maximum capacity of 3,000 people .
References
Football venues in Ceará
FC Atlético Cearense
Sports venues in Ceará
Peter James ( born 7 March 1947 in Sydney ) is an Australian cinematographer and director of photography . James is a member of the American Society of Cinematographers ( ASC ) , an organization that offers membership to directors of photography only `` by invitation , based on an individual 's body of work '' .
James has been either cinematographer or director of photography on more than thirty films since 1973 when he worked on the Australian film Avengers of the Reef . James has won Australian Cinematographers Society 's ( ACS ) Milli Award four times , Australian Film Institute 's Award for Best Achievement in Cinematography three times and was nominated for the award for Outstanding Cinematography for a Miniseries or Movie at the 56th Primetime Emmy Awards for his work on the 2003 television film And Starring Pancho Villa as Himself .
In 1999 , James was inducted into the Australian Cinematographers Society Hall of Fame for having `` made a substantial contribution to the industry and the Society , as well as having left a legacy of fine work and having been responsible for training and influencing others . ''
Partial filmography
References
External links
1947 births
Australian cinematographers
Living people
People from Sydney
Best Cinematography Genie and Canadian Screen Award winners
North Wales ( ) is an electoral region of the Senedd , consisting of nine constituencies . The region elects thirteen members , nine directly elected constituency members and four additional members . The electoral region was first used in the 1999 Welsh Assembly election , when the National Assembly for Wales was created .
Each constituency elects one Member of the Senedd by the first past the post electoral system , and the region as a whole elects four additional or top-up Members of the Senedd , to create a degree of proportional representation . The additional member seats are allocated from closed lists by the D'Hondt method , with constituency results being taken into account in the allocation .
County and Westminster boundaries
As created in 1999 , the region covered the most of the preserved county of Clwyd , part of the preserved county of Gwynedd , and part of the preserved county of Powys . Other parts of these preserved counties were within the Mid and West Wales electoral region . For the 2007 Welsh Assembly election , however , boundaries changed , and the region now covers all of the preserved county of Clwyd and part of the preserved county of Gwynedd . The rest of Gwynedd is in the Mid and West Wales region .
The Senedd constituencies have the names of constituencies of the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom ( Westminster ) . For Westminster election purposes , however , there are no electoral regions , and constituency boundary changes became effective for the 2010 United Kingdom general election .
Electoral region profile
The region is a mix of rural and urban areas , with the population higher in the east , where it can be found the region 's largest town , Wrexham , and the working-class conurbations of Deeside . The western areas , including the Isle of Anglesey ( Ynys Môn ) , are largely rural . Although Anglesey and Gwynedd are home to large numbers of Welsh speakers , the language is not widely spoken in the north-east .
Constituencies
Assembly members and Members of the Senedd
Constituency AMs and MSs
Regional list AMs and MSs
N.B . This table is for presentation purposes only
2021 Senedd election
2021 Senedd election additional members
( The fourth regional seat was allocated to the Conservatives rather than to Plaid Cymru by a margin of only 21 votes ) .
Regional MSs elected in 2021
2016 Welsh Assembly election additional members
Regional AMs elected in 2016
2011 Welsh Assembly election additional members
Regional AMs elected 2011
† Resigned as Am I following her election to the UK House of Commons on 7 May 2015 ; replaced by Janet Haworth from 27 May 2015 .
2007 Welsh Assembly election additional members
2003 Welsh Assembly election additional members
Former constituencies
1999 to 2007
1999 Welsh Assembly election additional members
Notes
References
Senedd electoral regions
North Wales
Reuel Washburn ( May 21 , 1793 – March 4 , 1878 ) was an American judge and politician .
Education and early career
Reuel Washburn was born in Raynham , Massachusetts on May 21st , 1793 . His father was Attorney Israel Washburn II , LLD ( 1755-1851 ) and his mother was Abiah King ( 1762-1842 ) .
He graduated from Brown University in 1815 , then studied law in Paris , Maine , under Albion Parris .
He was admitted to the Maine bar and moved to Livermore , Maine to practice law .
Political career
In 1827 and 1828 , Reuel Washburn served in the Maine State Senate .
In 1829 , Washburn served on the Maine Governor 's Council .
From 1832 to 1835 and 1841 , Reuel Washburn served in the Maine House of Representatives .
He also served as probate court judge .
Reuel Washburn unsuccessfully ran thrice for election to the United States House of Representatives .
Family background
His father , Israel Washburn II , also served in the Maine Legislature .
His brother , Israel Washburn III , was a Massachusetts politician who served twice in the Massachusetts House of Representatives ( Terms of Office - 1815–1816 & 1818–1819 ) .
He married Delia King in Raynham , Massachusetts in 1820
His son was Ganem W. Washburn , Wisconsin State Senator and circuit court judge .
He died suddenly in Livermore , Maine March 4th , 1878 .
His son was Ganem W. Washburn , Wisconsin State Senator and circuit court judge .
Notes
1793 births
1878 deaths
People from Raynham , Massachusetts
People from Livermore , Maine
Brown University alumni
Maine lawyers
Maine state court judges
Maine state senators
Members of the Maine House of Representatives
Members of the Executive Council of Maine
Washburn family
19th-century American politicians
19th-century American judges
19th-century American lawyers
Erigeron subglaber is a rare North American species of flowering plants in the family Asteraceae known by the common name hairless fleabane . It has been found in the southern Rocky Mountains in the north-central part of the US state of New Mexico .
Erigeron subglaber grows in meadows in subalpine conifer forests , as well as on ridges and mountain peaks at high elevations . It is a very small perennial herb rarely more than 7 cm ( 2.8 inches ) tall , producing a taproot and a woody caudex . The inflorescence generally contains only one flower heads per stem . Each head contains 25–35 purple or lavender ray florets surrounding many yellow disc florets .
References
subglaber
Flora of New Mexico
Plants described in 1947
Arizona Legion is a 1939 American Western film directed by David Howard from a screenplay by Oliver Drake , based on Bernard McConville 's story . Produced and distributed by RKO Radio Pictures , it was released on January 20 , 1939 , and stars George O'Brien and Laraine Day ( billed under her earlier stage name of Laraine Johnson ) .
Plot
Boone Yeager has sold his ranch and cattle , and now spends his days drinking , gambling , and hanging around a gang of very disreputable individuals . His fiancée , Letty Meade , is distraught over his sudden change in behavior and breaks off their engagement . In addition , his longtime friend Bob Ives , a lieutenant in the local army troop , also severs his relationship with Yeager in response to Yeager 's recent activities . However , it is revealed that Letty 's father , Judge Meade , has empowered Yeager to infiltrate the local gang and hunt down its leader , while at the same time organizing the Arizona Rangers .
Yeager gets in good with the gang , but can not get them to reveal who their leader is . Finally , he participates in a stagecoach hold-up with the gang , along with his friend , Whopper Hatch . However , during the hold-up Yeager , Hatch , and two of the gang members are captured and thrown in jail . While behind bars , Yeager finally learns the true identity of the gang leader , who happens to be the local commissioner , Teagle . Yeager gets a meeting with his old friend , Ives , who he tries to tell the truth to , but Ives refuses to believe his story . Even worse , after leaving the meeting , Ives blows Yeager 's cover to Teagle .
Yeager and Hatch manage to escape , and they round up the Arizona Rangers and go after the gang . When the local cavalry arrive , the gang is routed , and all are arrested , as well as recovering all the money the gang had stolen . Letty and Boone are reunited , and she once again accepts his engagement ring .
Cast list
George O'Brien as Boone Yeager
Laraine Day as Letty Meade ( credited as Laraine Johnson )
Carlyle Moore Jr. as Lieutenant Bob Ives
Chill Wills as Whopper Hatch
Tom Chatterton as Commissioner Teagle
Edward Le Saint as Judge Clayton L. Meade
William Royle as Dutton
Harry Cording as Whiskey Joe
Glenn Strange as Kirby
Monte Montague as Dawson
Robert Burns as Tucson Jones
Joe Rickson as Dakota
Production
In the beginning of November 1938 it was revealed that the name of the picture would be Arizona Legion , and would star George O'Brien . It was O'Brien 's tenth film in two years for RKO , and it was his nineteenth pairing with director David Howard . Shortly after , it was revealed that Laraine Day ( as Laraine Johnson ) was cast as the female lead . Slated to begin earlier , production on the film was delayed , but finally took place from November 8–23 . Although both Motion Picture Daily and Motion Picture Herald give the date of the close of filming as November 25 . Some of the exterior sequences were shot at Santa Susana , California . Editing on the picture had begun by December 3 , and continued through the end of December . The rest of the cast of the film was revealed by the end of December , including Chill Wills , Carlyle Moore , Edward Le Saint , Harry Cording , Tom Chatterton , William Royle , Glenn Strange , Monty Montague , Joe Rickson , and Robert Burns . By mid-January , the release date was scheduled for January 20 . The film was released on January 20 , 1939 . The National Legion of Decency gave the film a Class A-1 designation , meaning it was unobjectionable to general audiences .
Reception
Harrison 's Reports gave the film a favorable review , calling it `` George O'Brien 's best western to date . '' While they felt the script was weak , they felt the direction , photography , and acting more than made up for the script 's deficiency , stating : `` Romance and comedy are interpolated without interfering with the action . '' Motion Picture Daily also gave the film a positive review saying , `` Here 's a western sure to thrill the outdoor action adventure fans . '' And `` not very often has spectacular action been made so much an integral part of a picture . '' They enjoyed the script better than Harrison 's Reports , calling it `` believable , '' and also complimented Howard 's direction . They enjoyed Day 's performance , and highlighted the work of the supporting cast : Chatterton , Cording , and Strange as the bad guys , and Le Saint as O'Brien 's friend . They particularly highlighted Wills ' work , calling him `` the source of the story 's comedy content and in every appearance he should provoke laughter . '' Motion Picture Herald was most enthusiastic about the film , also calling it the `` ... best picture George O'Brien ever made . '' They felt Day 's romance with O'Brien was better than those in other westerns , and gave high marks to Chill Wills ' performance . Overall they stated : `` It has everything that a soundly constructed outdoor motion picture is supposed to have – romance , melodrama , comedy , musical and tall story telling interludes and thrills ... The natural outdoor settings are objects of pictorial beauty . The caliber of acting throughout is high grade . ''
References
External links
1939 films
1939 Western ( genre ) films
Films directed by David Howard
RKO Pictures films
American black-and-white films
Films produced by Bert Gilroy
Films with screenplays by Bernard McConville
American Western ( genre ) films
1930s English-language films
1930s American films
The 2014–15 Scottish Premiership was the second season of the Scottish Premiership , the highest division of Scottish football . The season began on 9 August 2014 and ended on the 31 May 2015 . Celtic were the defending champions .
Twelve teams contested the league : Aberdeen , Celtic , Dundee , Dundee United , Hamilton Academical , Inverness CT , Kilmarnock , Motherwell , Partick Thistle , Ross County , St Johnstone and St Mirren . Due to the relegation of Edinburgh-based teams Heart of Midlothian and Hibernian in 2014 , this season marked the first time in football history in which Scotland 's capital city had no representatives in the top league .
On 2 May , Celtic clinched their fourth title in a row after Aberdeen lost 1–0 away at Dundee United , leaving Celtic 11 points clear with three games to play .
Teams
Dundee were promoted from the Scottish Championship . Heart of Midlothian were relegated from the Scottish Premiership .
Hibernian finished in the play-off position in the Scottish Premiership . They lost to Hamilton Academical who took the final place in the second edition of the competition , a result which left the Scottish capital Edinburgh without a club in the top flight of Scottish football for the 2014–15 season .
Stadiums by capacity and locations
Personnel and kits
Managerial changes
Tournament format and regulations
Basic
In the initial phase of the season , the 12 teams played a round-robin tournament whereby each team played each one of the other teams three times . After 33 games , the league split into two sections of six teams , with each team playing each other in that section . The league attempts to balance the fixture list so that teams in the same section play each other twice at home and twice away , but sometimes this is impossible . A total of 228 matches were played , with 38 matches played by each team .
Promotion and relegation
The team that finished 12th ( St Mirren ) was relegated to the Championship , while the champion of that league ( Heart of Midlothian ) was promoted to the Premiership for the 2015–16 season . The team that finished 11th in the Premiership ( Motherwell ) played the winner of the Championship playoffs ( Rangers ) in two playoff games , with the winner ( Motherwell ) securing a Premiership spot for the 2015–16 season .
League table
Results
Matches 1–22
Teams played each other twice , once at home , once away .
Matches 23–33
Teams played every other team once ( either at home or away ) .
Matches 34–38
After 33 matches , the league split into two sections of six teams each , with teams playing every other team in their section once ( either at home or away ) . The exact matches were determined upon the league table at the time of the split .
Top six
Bottom six
Top scorers
Premiership play-offs
Quarter-final
First leg
Second leg
Rangers won 3–2 on aggregate .
Semi-final
First leg
Second leg
Rangers won 2–1 on aggregate .
Final
First leg
Second leg
Motherwell won 6–1 on aggregate .
See also
Nine in a row
References
External links
Official website
Scottish Premiership seasons
1
1
Scot
Fred `` Fredy '' Pereira ( born February 17 , 1954 ) is a former Portuguese-American soccer forward who spent three seasons in the North American Soccer League and earned six caps with the U.S. national team in 1977 .
High school and college
Born in Valdanta , Portugal , Pereira moved with his family to the United States when he was twelve . He attended Ludlow High School in Ludlow , Massachusetts and completed a post-graduate year at Suffield Academy , Suffield , Connecticut . In 2007 Ludlow High School inducted Pereira into its Athletic Hall of Fame . At Suffield , along with Gambian teammate Daniel Njie , Pereira led the team to the New England Prep Championship . After high school , he attended Brown University where he played as a forward on the men 's soccer team from 1973 to 1976 . In 1974 , Pereira set a Brown record with twenty-four goals and seven assists as Brown won the Ivy League title . The next season , Brown went to the NCAA Final Four where it fell to the University of San Francisco . In 1974 and 1976 , Pereira was named a first team All American .
National team
His scoring exploits with Brown led to his selection for several U.S. national and Olympic team games in 1977 . On September 15 , 1977 , Pereira earned his first caps when he came on for Steve Ralbovsky in a 2–1 win over El Salvador . He continued to play somewhat regularly , usually as a substitute , for the next two months . On October 10 , 1977 , he scored his only goal with the national team , the gamewinner in a 1–0 victory over China . His last cap came six days later when he came on for Ralbovsky in a 2–1 victory over China .
Professional
In 1977 , the Fort Lauderdale Strikers of the North American Soccer League ( NASL ) selected Pereira in the first round ( second overall ) of the NASL College Draft . While he began the season with the Strikers , scoring three goals in nine games , the team traded him mid-season to the Connecticut Bicentennials . At the end of the 1977 season , the Bicentennials moved to Oakland , California , but Pereira moved to the Colorado Caribous . At the end of the 1978 season , the Caribous also moved , but this time Pereira went with his team , spending the 1979 season with his team , now known as the Atlanta Chiefs . After the 1979–80 NASL indoor season he left the league . In 1980 , he signed with the Baltimore Blast of the Major Indoor Soccer League . The Blast traded him to the Phoenix Inferno during the season . Suffering from a sting of injuries , Pereira retired at the end of the season and moved his family back to Ludlow where he continued to play amateur soccer with Gremio Lusitano .
Pereira now serves as an NCAA college soccer referee .
References
External links
NASL/MISL statistics
American soccer players
American soccer referees
Atlanta Chiefs players
Baltimore Blast ( original MISL ) players
Brown Bears men 's soccer players
Connecticut Bicentennials players
Colorado Caribous players
Fort Lauderdale Strikers ( 1977–1983 ) players
Gremio Lusitano players
Living people
Major Indoor Soccer League ( 1978–1992 ) players
North American Soccer League ( 1968–1984 ) players
North American Soccer League ( 1968–1984 ) indoor players
Phoenix Inferno players
Portuguese emigrants to the United States
United States men 's international soccer players
1954 births
People from Ludlow , Massachusetts
All-American men 's college soccer players
Association football forwards
Soccer players from Massachusetts
The Azawagh ( alias Azaouagh or Azawak ) is a dry basin covering what is today the northwestern Niger , as well as parts of northeastern Mali and southern Algeria . The Azawagh is mainly made up of Sahelian and Saharan flatlands and has a population that is predominantly Tuareg , with some Arabic-speaking , Bouzou and Wodaabe minorities and a recent influx of Hausa and Zarma .
Name
The Tuareg word azawaɣ means `` savannah '' . Azawad , a term used for the portion of northern Mali claimed by the Tuareg rebel movement National Movement for the Liberation of Azawad , is believed to be an Arabic corruption of `` Azawagh '' .
Geography
The Azawagh refers to the dry structural basin , which once carried a northern tributary of the Niger River , the Azawagh river , known as Dallol Bosso further south . The river , which ran some in prehistoric times , dried up after the Neolithic Subpluvial and created a basin of some . Its valley , which geologists call the Iullemmeden Basin , is bordered by the Hoggar Mountains and their foothills in the north , the Aïr Mountains in the east , and the Adrar des Ifoghas in the west . The bedrock of the region is Cretaceous/Paleocene limestone and clay , which was cut by erosion and covered by aeolian sand in the Upper Pleistocene .
In ecological terms , the Azawagh basin is divided into , from north to south , a Saharian , a Sahelian and a northern Sudanese ( referring to the geographic region ) zone .
In Niger , Azawagh generally includes the towns of Abalagh ( Abalak ) , In Tibaraden ( Tchin-Tabaraden ) , Tiliya , In Gal and Tabalaq , a village where the sole lake of the region is located .
History
Human occupation of the Azawagh has been dated back to 4500 BCE , with evidence of cattle-raising beginning 3200 BCE . From this period until roughly 1500 BCE , the region also supported large fauna , including waterbuck , hippopotami , and elephants .
Evidence of copper-working has been found at Tekebrine dating to 1600 BCE . At around this time , climatic conditions worsened , and the Sudanese peoples of the region were replaced by Berbers who constructed tumuli .
Islam reached the Western Aïr Mountains via southwest Libya in the eighth century . The region was invaded and colonized by the French in the early twentieth century . Following the independence movements of Algeria , Mali , and the Niger , and the corresponding departure of the French , the region became divided between these three nations .
During the 1970s and 1980s , a series of droughts forced increasing numbers of the region 's nomadic population into villages and towns . The droughts also sparked a rebellion by the region 's Tuareg population , with groups such as Front for the Liberation of Aïr and Azaouak and the Front for the Liberation of Tamoust rebelling against the Nigerien government , while the Arab Islamic Front of Azawad , Popular Movement for the Liberation of Azawad , Revolutionary Liberation Army of Azawad , and the Popular Liberation Front of Azawad opposed the government of Mali .
Population
Despite being the size of Austria , the Nigerien portion of the Azawagh had a population of only 85,000 as of 2003 .
The area is dominated by the Kel Tamashek peoples , as well as some nomadic Arab-ancestry tribes including Hassaniyya-speakers ( also called Azawagh Arabs , not to be confused with Niger 's Diffa Arabs ) . The Azawagh is the centre for the Iwellemeden Kel Denneg Federation . The region also has a nomadic population of Wodaabe Fulani and a substantial minority of Bouzou , formerly a Tuareg slave caste . In recent years , a number of Hausa and Zarma have settled in the region , primarily as government officials and traders .
See also
Niger Basin Authority
Sahara pump theory
Neolithic Subpluvial
Prehistoric Central North Africa
References
Footnotes
Bibliography
Landforms of Mali
Landforms of Niger
Prehistoric Africa
Irredentism
Tuareg
Cultural regions
Basins of Africa
Regions of Africa
Bostancı is an underground station on the M4 line of the Istanbul Metro . Located under beneath the Bostancı Interchange in the Bostancı neighborhood of Kadıköy , Istanbul , it was opened on 17 August 2012 . Bostancı is the largest metro station on the M4 , consisting of three tracks and two platforms . Connections to IETT bus service is available on both levels of the interchange .
The mezzanine level of the station has a total of five exits to each side of the Bostancı interchange .
Station Layout
References
External links
Bostancı station central portal in Google Street View
Railway stations opened in 2012
Istanbul metro stations
Transport in Kadıköy
2012 establishments in Turkey
America First refers to a policy stance in the United States that generally emphasizes nationalism and non-interventionism . The term was coined by president Woodrow Wilson in his 1916 campaign that pledged to keep America neutral in World War I . A more isolationist approach gained prominence in the interwar period ( 1918–1939 ) and was advocated by the America First Committee , a non-interventionist pressure group against U.S. entry into World War II .
In the 1920s , the policy was used by the Ku Klux Klan and informed many of their members who ran for political office . In 2016 , while running for a Louisiana Senate seat , David Duke , former Grand Wizard of the Ku Klux Klan , publicly claimed that he was `` the first major candidate in modern times to promote the term and policy of America first . ''
In Donald Trump 's 2016 presidential campaigns and presidency ( 2017–2021 ) , Trump used the phrase as a slogan , emphasizing the United States ' withdrawal from international treaties and organizations . `` America First '' was the official foreign policy doctrine of the Trump administration .
The term was first used in association with Trump 's foreign policy views in an op-ed published in USA Today in early March 2016 by Armand Cucciniello , a former U.S. diplomat . Later that month the phrase was adopted by New York Times reporters David E. Sanger and Maggie Haberman in an interview with Trump who , `` agreed with a suggestion that his ideas might be summed up as 'America First ' . '' Since that time the Trump campaign , and subsequently the Trump Administration , made 'America First ' the cornerstone of Trump 's foreign policy . The administration even branded its 2017 National Security Strategy of the United States of America as `` an America First National Security Strategy '' . The introduction to that document reads `` This National Security Strategy puts America first . An America First National Security Strategy is based on American principles , a clear-eyed assessment of U.S. interests , and a determination to tackle the challenges that we face . It is a strategy of principled realism that is guided by outcomes , not ideology . ''
`` America First '' was a phrase used by the Ku Klux Klan at its peak in the 1920s , where racist , xenophobic sentiment was widespread . The Immigration Act of 1924 sponsored by Washington U.S. representative Albert Johnson proved to legislate xenophobia and white supremacy , excluding immigrants on the basis of ethnicity and national origin in an effort to preserve white racial demographics . Johnson 's leading role in the immigration restriction bill elicited strong support from the Ku Klux Klan . Later in the late 1930s and early 1940s , the term became associated with fascism and bigotry against Jews , as mouthpieces for antisemitism including Elizabeth Dilling , Gerald L. K. Smith , and Charles Lindbergh became leaders for `` America First '' causes .
Critics have derided the America First policy as `` America Alone '' .
History
Origins
`` America First '' has been used as a slogan by both Democratic and Republican politicians . At the outbreak of World War I , President Woodrow Wilson used the motto to define his version of neutrality as well as journalist William Randolph Hearst . The motto was also chosen by Republican Senator Warren G. Harding during the 1920 presidential election , which he won .
America First is best known as the slogan and foreign policy advocated by the America First Committee , a non-interventionist pressure group against the American entry into World War II , which emphasized American nationalism and unilateralism in international relations . The America First Committee 's membership peaked at 800,000 paying members in 450 chapters , and it popularized the slogan `` America First . '' While the America First Committee had a variety of supporters in the United States , `` the movement was marred by anti-Semitic and pro-fascist rhetoric . ''
In later periods , the slogan was used by Pat Buchanan , who praised the non-interventionist WWII America First Committee and said `` the achievements of that organization are monumental . '' Buchanan 's `` call for an America First foreign policy has been compared with the America First Committee . ''
Presidency of Donald Trump
Donald Trump , who had run against Pat Buchanan in the 2000 Reform Party presidential primaries , first revived Buchanan 's slogan in a November 2015 op-ed in The Wall Street Journal . In its early going , the Trump campaign publicized an article by Jeff Kuhner on the World Tribune praising the candidate as a `` nationalist who seeks to put America first '' ; campaign manager Corey Lewandowski ( who later published a book with the title ) promoted Trump with the phrase ; and both Sarah Palin and Chris Christie featured it in their endorsements of Trump . Trump later incorporated the slogan into his daily repertoire following a suggestion and historical comparison by David E. Sanger during an interview with The New York Times in March 2016 . In subsequent months , without referencing Pat Buchanan 's prior usage or the America First Committee , candidate Trump promised that `` 'America First ' would be the major and overriding theme '' of his administration , and advocated nationalist , anti-interventionist positions .
Following his election to the presidency , `` America First '' became the official foreign policy doctrine of the Trump administration . It was a theme of Trump 's inaugural address , and a Politico/Morning Consult poll released on January 25 , 2017 , stated that 65 % of Americans responded positively to President Trump 's `` America First '' inaugural message , with 39 % viewing the speech as poor . Trump embraced American unilateralism abroad and introduced policies aimed at undermining transnational organizations such as the European Union , and often critiquing them on economic terms . In 2017 , the administration proposed a federal budget for 2018 with both Make America Great Again and America First in its title , with the latter referencing its increases to military , homeland security , and veteran spending , cuts to spending that goes towards foreign countries , and 10-year objective of achieving a balanced budget .
Trump 's use of the slogan was criticized by some for carrying comparisons to the America First Committee ; however , Trump denied being an isolationist , and said , `` I like the expression . '' A number of scholars ( such as Deborah Dash Moore ) , commentators ( such as Bill Kristol ) and Jewish organizations ( including the ADL and JCPA ) criticized Trump 's use of the slogan because of its historical association with nativism and antisemitism . Others have argued that Trump was never a non-interventionist . Columnist Daniel Larison from The American Conservative wrote that `` Trump was quick to denounce previous wars as disasters , but his complaint about these wars was that the U.S. was n't 'getting ' anything tangible from them . He did n't see anything wrong in attacking other countries , but lamented that the U.S. didn 'take ' their resources '' and that `` he never called for an end to the wars that were still ongoing , but talked only about 'winning ' them . ''
Trump 's `` America First '' policy has been described as a major factor in the perceived increase in the international isolation of the United States in the late 2010s , and critics have described the policy as `` America Alone . ''
Usage past Trump 's presidency
President Joe Biden discontinued many of President Donald Trump 's `` America First '' policies at the beginning of his presidency , however he initially kept the Trump administration 's COVID-19 vaccine export ban in place . As of May 2021 , the United States had started exporting vaccines out of its borders . The United States House Select Committee on the January 6 Attack described far-right political commentator Nick Fuentes and former Identity Evropa leader Patrick Casey as leaders of the `` America First '' movement in a subpoena issued in January 2022 .
In popular culture
Following Trump 's inauguration , the policy and its phrasing became a subject of international satire through the Every Second Counts video contest inspired by Dutch comedian Arjen Lubach and launched by German comedian Jan Böhmermann . News satire television programs initially throughout Europe , and later from around the world , comically appealed to Trump to acknowledge their own countries in light of Trump 's nationalist slogan , with a narrator mimicking Trump 's voice , speech patterns , and exaggerated speaking style . Lubach 's initial version , for example , ended by noting that `` We totally understand it 's going to be America first , but can we just say : The Netherlands second ? `` .
In Spike Lee 's film BlacKkKlansman ( 2018 ) , David Duke and white supremacists are portrayed as repeatedly using the `` America First '' slogan .
See also
Make America Great Again
Neo-nationalism
Presidency of Donald Trump
Trump tariffs
Trump wall
References
American nationalism
American political catchphrases
Anti-war movement
Articles containing video clips
Isolationism
Non-interventionism
Opposition to World War II
Paleoconservatism
Right-wing populism in the United States
Policies of Donald Trump
Populism in the United States
Trumpism
United States foreign policy
Xenophobia
Garcinia pseudoguttifera , known as the mo'onia tree in its native range , is a species of flowering tree in the family Clusiaceae or Guttiferae .
Distribution
Garcinia pseudoguttifera is native to Oceania and is found in Fiji , Tonga , Vanuatu , New Caledonia , and the Solomon Islands .
Description
It is a small to medium-sized tree , growing from 13 feet ( 4 meters ) to 82 feet ( 25 meters ) in height . The crown is slender and sometimes spreading . The trunk can measure at least 11.8 inches ( 30 centimeters ) in diameter . It is a dioecious species and has evergreen leaves , which are round and slightly ovate in shape . The fruit of the tree is pink when immature and its arils are edible . The flower bud is green before it blossoms . It grows in dense or thin forests , sometimes in beach thickets , up to 3772.9 feet ( 1150 meters ) in elevation .
Chemistry
Four benzophenones have been isolated from Garcinia pseudoguttifera : 6-hydroxy-2,4-dimethoxy-3,5-bis ( 3-methyl-2-butenyl ) benzophenone ( myrtiaphenone-A ) ; 2,2-dimethyl-8-benzoyl-7-hydroxy-5-methoxy-6- ( 3-methyl-2-butenyl ) benzopyran ( myrtiaphenone-B ) ; 2,6-dihydroxy-4-methoxy-3,5-bis ( 3-methyl-2-butenyl ) benzophenone ( vismiaphenone-C ) ; and a new benzophenone , 2,2-dimethyl-8-benzoyl-3,7-dihydroxy-5-methoxy-6- ( 3-methyl-2-butenyl ) -3,4-dihydrobenzopyran ( pseudoguttiaphenone-A ) . The major component of Garcinia pseudoguttifera is eupha-8,24-dien-3β-ol .
Uses
An extract from the leaves is sometimes used as a pain reliever , and an oil from the fruit is used as a perfume . The wood is sometimes used as timber . The fruit is occasionally eaten .
See also
Garcinia
List of Garcinia species
References
pseudoguttifera
Taxa named by Berthold Carl Seemann
Plants described in 1871
Flora of Fiji
Flora of Tonga
Flora of Vanuatu
Flora of Oceania
Fruits originating in Asia
Medicinal plants of Oceania
Fruit trees
Trees of the Pacific
Edible fruits
The soil composition of vineyards is one of the most important viticultural considerations when planting grape vines . The soil supports the root structure of the vine and influences the drainage levels and amount of minerals and nutrients that the vine is exposed to . The ideal soil condition for a vine is a layer of thin topsoil and subsoil that sufficiently retains water but also has good drainage so that the roots do not become overly saturated . The ability of the soil to retain heat and/or reflect it back up to the vine is also an important consideration that affects the ripening of the grapes .
There are several minerals that are vital to the health of vines that all good vineyard soils have . These include calcium which helps to neutralize the Soil pH levels , iron which is essential for photosynthesis , magnesium which is an important component of chlorophyll , nitrogen which is assimilated in the form of nitrates , phosphates which encourages root development , and potassium which improves the vine metabolisms and increases its health for next year 's crop .
List of soil terms
Unless otherwise noted the primary reference for this list is Sotheby 's Wine Encyclopedia 2005
A-C
Albariza - Formed by diatomaceous deposits . Found in southern Spain
Alluvium - Highly fertile soil that has been transported by a river . Often contains gravel , sand and silt .
Basalt - Volcanic rock that is high in calcium , iron , and magnesium . Variable potassium and little or no quartz .
Boulbènes - Fine siliceous soil that is easily compressed and common in the Entre-Deux-Mers region of Bordeaux .
Brickearth - See under Loess .
Calcareous soil - Alkaline soil with high levels of calcium and Magnesium carbonate . Soil typically cool in temperature and that provides good water retention and drainage . Calcareous clay soils have high limestone content , which neutralizes the natural acidity of the soil . However , the cool temperatures of the soil normally delay ripening in the grape , which tends to produce more acidic wines .
Carbonaceous soil - Soil produced through the anaerobic decomposition of rotting vegetation . This type of soil includes anthracite , coal , lignite and peat .
Chalk - Very porous soft limestone soil that vine roots can easily penetrate . It provides good drainage and works best for grapes with high acidity levels .
Clay - Sedimentary-rock-based soil that has good water-retention ability but poor drainage . The soil is often very cool and high in acidity . The Right Bank of Bordeaux is dominated by clay-based soils. < ref name= '' Brown '' > E . S. Brown `` The World 's Top 10 Wine Soils Wine Geeks 7/5/2007 < /ref >
D-H
Dolomite - Calcium-magnesium carbonate soil .
Flint - Siliceous stone that reflects and retains heat well . The Pouilly-Fumé wine of the Loire Valley is generally produced from flint-based soil and is said to have `` gun-flint '' smell in the wine .
Galestro - Schist based soil found in the Tuscany region of Italy .
Granite - Composed of 40-60 % quartz , 30-40 % Orthoclase and various amounts of hornblende , mica , and other minerals . This soil warms quickly and retains heat well . The soil 's high level of acidity works to minimize the acid levels in the grapes which works well with acidic grapes like Gamay . It is the main soil type of the Brand region of Alsace .
Gravel - Loose siliceous pebble soil that has good drainage but poor fertility . Vines planted in this type of soil must penetrate deeply to try to and find nutrients in the subsoil . Wine made from vines produces on clay gravel beds have less acidity than those planted on limestone gravel beds . The Graves and Sauternes regions of Bordeaux consist predominantly of gravel-based soil .
Greywacke - Sedimentary soil formed by rivers depositing quartz , mudstone and feldspar . It is found in vineyards of Germany , New Zealand and South Africa .
Gypsum - Calcium sulfate based soil that is formed through the evaporation of seawater . It is a high absorbent soil that has average drainage ability .
Hardpan - A dense layer of clay or other material that is impermeable to water . In some areas of Bordeaux , a sandy iron-rich layer is located deep enough below the surface to act as a water table for the vine .
I-Q
Keuper - Soil type consisting of marl and limestone common in Alsace , dating to the Upper Triassic period .
Kimmeridgian soil - A gray-colored limestone-based soil originally identified in Kimmeridge , England . Kimmeridgian clay is calcareous clay containing Kimmeridgian limestone . This is the principal soil type of the Loire Valley , Champagne and Burgundy regions .
Lignite - Soil type used as fertilizer in Germany and Champagne . It is a brown-colored carbonaceous soil that is intermediate between peat and coal .
Limestone - Sediment-based soil consisting of carbonates . The most common colored limestone found in wine-producing area is buff-gray in color ( with the exception of white chalk ) . The water-retention abilities vary by composition , but limestone is consistently alkaline and is generally planted with grapes of high acidity levels . This is the main soil type in the Zinnkoepflé region of Alsace .
Llicorella - A soil type found in the Priorat appellation of Spain . The soil is a mix of slate and quartz that dates to the Paleozoic era . The soil is very porous and drains well . Syrah , Grenache and Carignan have done well in this soil type .
Loam - Warm , soft , fertile soil composed of roughly equal amounts of silt , sand and clay . It is typically too fertile for high-quality wines that need to limit yields in order to concentrate flavors .
Loess - A very fine , predominantly silty soil composed of wind-borne sediment that is typically angular and decalcified . Commonly known as brickearth in the UK , the soil is very fertile and has good water retention and warming properties , but drains poorly .
Marl - Calcareous-clay-based soil that adds acidity to the wine . Vines planted in this type of soil normally ripen later than in other soil types . Marl soil is typically deep and lacking in stone fragments ; it is the main soil type in the Piedmont wine region of Italy . Marlstone is the indurated ( well cemented ) metamorphic form of Marl .
Mica - Silicate-based soil composed of fine , decomposed rock formations .
Muschelkalk -Soil type consisting of various compositions of sandstone , marl , dolomite , and shingle common in Alsace dating back from the Middle Triassic period .
Perlite - A volcanic soil type that is light , powdery and lustrous with properties similar to diatomaceous earth .
Quartz - Common material found in most vineyard soils -- especially sand and silt-based soils . The high Soil pH of quartz can reduce the acidity of the resulting wines , but its heat-retaining property ( it stores and reflects heat ) can increase ripening of the grape , which can result in wine of higher alcohol content .
S-Z
Sand - Warm , airy soil that is composed of tiny particles of weathered rocks . One of the few soils that the phylloxera louse does not thrive in , the soil drains well but does not have good water retention . Sandstone is a sedimentary soil composed of sand particles that has been pressured bound by various iron-based minerals . This is the main soil type of Kitterlé in Alsace .
Schist - Laminated , crystalline-rock-based soil that retains heat well and is rich in magnesium and potassium but is poor in organic nutrients and nitrogens .
Shale - Fine-grain sediment-based soil that can turn into slate when under pressure . The soil is moderately fertile and retains heat well .
Siliceous soil - Soil composed of acid rock that is crystalline in nature . The soil has good heat retention but needs the added composition of silt , clay and other sedimentary soils to have any kind of water retention . The range of this soil can include organic materials like Kieselguhr and flint , or inorganic materials like quartz . This soil type covers half of the wine regions of Bordeaux .
Silt - Soil type consisting of fine grain deposits that offer good water retention but poor drainage . It is more fertile than sand .
Silex - A flint- and sand-based soil type found primarily in the Loire Valley that is a formed from a mixture of clay , limestone and silica .
Slate - Soil type that is the most common found in the Mosel region . Slate is a metamorphic , plate-like rock formed when shale , clay , or siltstone is subjected to pressure deep within the earth . The soil retains heat well and warms up relatively quickly .
Steige - A schist-based soil found in the Andlau region of Alsace . In the Alsace Grand Cru AOC of Kastelberg , the soil has metamorphosed with granite sand to form a hard , dark slate-like stone .
Terra Rossa - A sedimentary soil known as `` Red Earth '' that is formed after carbonates have been leached out of limestone . The breakdown leaves behind iron deposits which oxidize and turn the soil a rustic red color . This soil type is found in some areas along the Mediterranean and in Coonawarra . The soil drains well and is relatively high in nutrients . Australian winemakers have found some success with Cabernet Sauvignon plantings .
Tufa - A highly friable calcareous bedrock that breaks down into a fine crumb structure .
Ultisol - A highly weathered , largely infertile , clay-based soil -- usually brilliant red in color -- found in the American South .
Volcanic soil - Soil that is derived from one of two volcanic activities . 1 . ) Vent-based soil is formed from rock material ( including pumice and tuff ) that has been ejected into the air and cooled before settling to the earth . 2 . ) Lava-based soil '' is the product of lava flows from the volcano . Ninety percent of lava-based soil is composed of basalt with the other ten percent composed of andesite , pitchstone , rhyolite , and trachyte .
References
Agriculture-related lists
Science-related lists
Soil science-related lists
Types of soil
Viticulture
Wine-related lists
HMS Hampton Court was a 70-gun third rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy , launched at Deptford Dockyard in 1678 . Her initial commission was to move her to Chatham where she spent in the next ten years in Ordinary . She held an active commission for the War of the English Succession , participating in the Battles of Beachy Head and Barfleur . She was rebuilt at Blackwall in 1699/1701 . During the War of Spanish Succession she served mainly in the Mediterranean . In 1707 she was taken by the French and incorporated into the French Navy for four years . She was sold to the Spanish in 1712 . She was wrecked in Spanish service off the coast of Florida in a hurricane in 1715 .
This was the first vessel to bear the name Hampton Court in the English and Royal Navy .
HMS Hampton Court was awarded the Battle Honours Barfleur 1692 and Marbella 1705 .
Construction and Specifications
She was ordered in April 1677 to be built at Deptford Dockyard under the guidance of Master Shipwright Jonas Shish . Her keel was laid in 1677 and launched 10 July 1678 . Her dimensions were a gundeck of with a keel of for tonnage calculation with a breadth of and a depth of hold of . Her builder 's measure tonnage was calculated as 1,036 tons ( burthen ) . Her Draught was .
Her initial gun armament was in accordance with the 1677 Establishment with 70/62 guns consisting of twenty-six demi-cannons ( 54 cwt , 9.5 ft ) on the lower deck , twenty-four 12-pounder guns ( 32 cwt , 9 ft ) on the upper deck , ten sakers ( 16 cwt , 7 ft ) on the quarterdeck and four sakers ( 16 cwt , 7 ft ) on the foc ' x'le with four 3-pounder guns ( 5 cwt , 5 ft ) on the poop deck or roundhouse . Their initial manning establishment would be for a crew of 460/380/300 personnel . By 1688 she would carry 70 guns as per the 1685 Establishment , however , the demi-culverins replaced the 12-pounders on the upper deck . In 1696 she would still carry 70 guns consisting of twenty-two demi-cannons , four culverins , twenty-four demi-culverins , sixteen sakers , and four 3-pounder guns .
Commissioned Service
Service 1678 to 1699
She was commissioned on 9 May 1678 under the command of Captain John Kirke until 17 May 1678 for transport to Chatham where she was placed in Ordinary . In November 1688 she was commissioned under Captain Henry Priestman during the abdication of James II and arrival of William III and Mary II . In 1689 she was under Captain John Munden as Flagship of Rear-Admiral Lord John Berkeley sailing with the Fleet . Captain John Layton held command from 1690 until his death on 2 January 1691 . She was at the Battle of Beachy Head in Centre ( Red ) Squadron on 30 May 1690 . During 1691 thru 1694 she was under command of Captain John Graydon . She fought in the Battle of Barfleur as a member of Centre ( Red ) Squadron , Centre Division between 19 and 22 June 1692 . Captain Henry Robinson was in command during 1696/97 sailing with the Fleet . She would be rebuilt at Blackwall in 1699/1701 .
Rebuild at Blackwall 1699-1701
She was ordered on 27 September 1699 to be rebuilt under contract by Henry Johnson of Blackwall . She was launched/completed in 1701 . Her dimensions were a gundeck of 150 feet 6 inches ( 45.87 meters ) with a keel of 123 feet 10 inches ( 37.74 meters ) for tonnage calculation with a breadth of 40 feet 4.5 inches ( 12.31 meters ) and a depth of hold of 16 feet 11 inches ( 5.16 meters ) . Her builder 's measure tonnage was calculated as 1,07371/94 tons .
She probably retained her armament as stated in the 1685 Establishment , though it is unclear if her armament was changed to the 1703 Establishment later . It is known that when completed her gun armament total at least 70 guns .
Service 1702 to 1707
She was commissioned in 1702 under the command of Captain Charles Wager . He would remain in command until 1706 . In July 1702 she escorted a North Sea convoy . By October she was with Admiral Sir Cloudisley Shovell 's Fleet . In 1703 she went to the Mediterranean with Shovell 's Fleet . On 10 March 1705 she was at the Battle of Marbella as a member of Vice-Admiral Sir John Leake 's Fleet . This was the final attempt by the French to capture Gibraltar from the English . Admiral Leake won a crushing victory over the French as all five ships of the line were either captured or destroyed . Later in 1705 she was detached to Rear-Admiral Thomas Dilke 's Squadron while remaining in the Mediterranean . She was at Alicante , Spain ( on the south-east coast of Spain ) . In 1707 she was under the command of Captain George Clements at Barcelona , Spain .
Loss
Hampton Court was captured in the action of 2 May 1707 by Forbin 's squadron off Brighton ( Beachy Head ) . She was incorporated into the French Navy and served from 1707 until 1711 . She was sold to the Spanish at Dunkirk in 1712 and renamed Capitaine . The ship met her demise as a flagship of the ill-fated 1715 Treasure Fleet that was wrecked by a hurricane on the Florida Treasure Coast .
See also
List of ships captured in the 18th century
Notes
Citations
References
Colledge ( 2020 ) , Ships of the Royal Navy , by J.J. Colledge , revised and updated by Lt Cdr Ben Warlow and Steve Bush , published by Seaforth Publishing , Barnsley , Great Britain , © 2020 , ( EPUB ) , Section K ( Kent )
Winfield ( 2009 ) , British Warships in the Age of Sail ( 1603 – 1714 ) , by Rif Winfield , published by Seaforth Publishing , England © 2009 , EPUB
Lavery , Brian ( 2003 ) The Ship of the Line - Volume 1 : The Development of the Battlefleet 1650-1850 . Conway Maritime Press .
Clowes ( 1898 ) , The Royal Navy , A History from the Earliest Times to the Present ( Vol . II ) . London . England : Sampson Low , Marston & Company , © 1898
Thomas ( 1998 ) , Battles and Honours of the Royal Navy , by David A. Thomas , first published in Great Britain by Leo Cooper 1998 , Copywrite © David A. Thomas 1998 , ( EPUB )
Ships of the line of the Royal Navy
1670s ships
Ships built in Deptford
Ships built by the Blackwall Yard
Kipps is a 1921 British silent drama film directed by Harold M. Shaw and starring George K. Arthur , Edna Flugrath and Christine Rayner . It is an adaptation of the 1905 novel Kipps by H.G . Wells . It was made by Stoll Pictures , the largest film company in the British Isles at the time . The novel was subsequently remade into the 1941 sound film Kipps directed by Carol Reed .
Synopsis
After losing his job in a Folkestone drapery , young Arthur Kipps inherits a considerable sum of money and has his head turned towards the well-bred Helen Walsingham and away from his childhood sweetheart Ann .
Cast
George K. Arthur as Arthur Kipps
Edna Flugrath as Ann Pornick
Christine Rayner as Helen Walsingham
Teddy Arundell as Harry Chitterlow
Norman Thorpe as Chester Coote
Arthur Helmore as Shelford
John Marlborough East as Old Kipps
Annie Esmond as Old Kipps ' Wife
References
Bibliography
Low , Rachael . The History of British Film , Volume 4 1918-1929 . Routledge , 1997 .
External links
1921 films
1921 drama films
1920s English-language films
Films directed by Harold M. Shaw
Stoll Pictures films
Films based on British novels
British drama films
British silent feature films
British black-and-white films
1920s British films
Silent drama films
Films set in Kent
The Special Operations Volunteer Force was a special program developed by the British and Malayan authorities during the Malayan Emergency . The unit existed from 1952 until the end of the Emergency in 1960 .
Origins
The Malayan Emergency began during the aftermath of the Second World War . As the British tried to repair the Malayan economy , the Malayan Communist Party , or MCP , was organizing protests against labor conditions in the country . As the protests became more effective , the British responded with harsher measures . This in turn caused the protesters to become more militant , culminating in the beginning of organized violence with the assassination of three European plantation managers at Sungai Siput , Perak .
An emergency was declared by the British government to deal with the insurgency . Eventually , to counter the insurgency , as part of the plan for dealing with the insurgency , the British implemented the Briggs Plan . In addition to cutting off the guerrillas from the population which supported them , the British made efforts to induce guerrillas to defect . After the assassination of the High Commissioner in 1952 , Lieutenant General Sir Gerald Templer was sent out to head British operations in Malaya . As part of his new program , an emphasis was placed on intelligence and psychological warfare operations . In addition to working at getting better intelligence , as well as forming relations with the locals in the regions where the insurgency had its greatest support , under Templer 's lead captured insurgents were wooed to the British side . These defectors would eventually be employed in the Special Operations Volunteer Force .
Formation
Under Templer 's direction , psychological warfare was given special emphasis . As part of this strategy , surrendered or captured enemy guerrilla 's , referred to as `` surrendered enemy personnel '' or SEPs and `` captured enemy personnel '' or CEPs , were treated as valuable resources . They were thoroughly debriefed , but always with an eye towards inducing continuing help rather than as a resource to be exhausted . The goal , through bribery or inducement , was to get the SEP/CEP to switch sides and fight on behalf of the government forces .
The Special Operations Volunteer Force , or the SOVF , came into existence in 1952 . The program , although a military one , was controlled by the Special Branch . It was formed from surrendered communist insurgents . The goal was to put the guerrilla 's experience to work for the British . SEP/CEP volunteers to the SOVF committed to serving for 18 months . They were paid at the same rate as the junior police officers and were based in the same police compounds from which other government forces operated . SEP/CEP volunteers were formed into platoons and placed under the command of a British police officer . At the start of the program , there were approximately 180 SEP/CEP volunteers which were formed into twelve platoons , each with 15 former guerrillas and a British police officer .
Typically , a SOVF platoon would operate near villages in the region where the disaffected ethnic Chinese , the portion of the population supporting the MCP , lived . In the field , the SOVF platoons operated according to the former guerrillas ' experience . They would dress in clothing similar , carry weapons that the MCP guerrillas carried , and operated according to the same doctrine . However , the SOVF 's mission was geared equally to inducing further defections . Although SOVF platoons could induce defections , they were also adept at eliminating MCP fighters , as well as spreading confusion among the MCP through so-called psyop and `` black '' tactics .
Life after the SOVF
After completing their tour with the SOVF , the former MCP guerrillas could return to Malayan society with a clean record . However , some SOVF members were deemed to be unsuited to be returned to civil society . For those in that situation , British and Malayan officials would send them to the Kemedore Agricultural Settlement . There , they would work the farms there until their rehabilitation was deemed complete .
Impact
As part of the larger policy implemented by Templer , the SOVF helped to undermine the MCP 's propaganda . The success of the program helped to induce larger numbers of MCP guerrillas defect to the British-Malayan side , reestablishing government control in what had previously been MCP controlled areas .
The success of the SOVF , as well as the British success as a whole , became part of the counterinsurgency taught to U.S. officers as the Vietnam War intensified . The American military emulated the SOVF strategy , though not the other components which made it a success , in the Kit Carson Scouts program for communist defectors in Vietnam .
References
Insurgencies in Asia
Irregular units and formations
Special Operations Volunteer Force
Southern Vales is a part of southern Adelaide in the Australian state of South Australia that may refer to :
Hurtle Vale
Morphett Vale
McLaren Vale
Aspidophoroides is a genus of poachers native to the northern Pacific and Atlantic oceans .
Species
There are currently two recognized species in this genus :
Aspidophoroides monopterygius ( Bloch , 1786 ) ( Alligatorfish )
Aspidophoroides olrikii Lütken , 1877 ( Arctic alligatorfish )
References
Agonidae
The Dartmouth Big Green men 's soccer program represents the Dartmouth College in all NCAA Division I men 's college soccer competitions . Founded in 1915 , the Big Green competes in the Ivy League . The Big Green are coached by Bo Oshoniyi , who has coached the program since 2018 . The Big Green plays their home matches at Burnham Field , on the Dartmouth campus .
Roster
Individual honors
All-Americans
Ivy League honors
The following Dartmouth men 's soccer players and coaches have earned Ivy League individual honors .
Players of the Year
Rookies of the Year
Coaches of the Year
Coaching records
There have been 11 coaches in Dartmouth Soccer 's history .
Honors
Ivy League ( 12 ) : 1964 , 1988 , 1992 , 2002 , 2004 , 2005 , 2008 , 2011 , 2014 , 2015 , 2016 , 2017
References
External links
1915 establishments in New Hampshire
Association football clubs established in 1915
Aparai or Apalai may refer to :
Aparai people , an ethnic group of Brazil
Apalaí language , a language of Brazil
, a place in Molėtai District Municipality , Lithuania
Language and nationality disambiguation pages
Carl Ulrich Franz Mannich ( 8 March 1877 in Breslau – 5 March 1947 in Karlsruhe ) was a German chemist . From 1927 to 1943 he was professor for pharmaceutical chemistry at the University of Berlin . His areas of expertise were keto bases , alcohol bases , derivatives of piperidine , papaverine , lactones and also Digitalis-glycosides .
The Mannich reaction was named after his discovery of the mechanism in 1912 .
Biography
Life
Mannich attended high school in Weimar and later on in Berlin where he left before graduating , taking an internship at a pharmacy instead . From 1898 , he studied in Marburg and Berlin and received his doctorate in 1903 in Basel . In 1905 , he completed the matriculation examination for the University of Berlin and passed the state examination for food chemistry . He completed his studies at the University of Berlin in 1910 after which he was appointed as an extraordinary professor . Mannich became an extraordinary professor for Pharmaceutical Chemistry in Göttingen from 1911 to 1917 , and went to Frankfurt in 1920 . Between 1927 and 1943 Mannich was Professor of Pharmaceutical Chemistry at the University of Berlin . In the years between 1932 and 1934 he was President of the “ Deutsche Pharmazeutische Gesellschaft ( DPhG ) ” . In the winter semester 1946/1947 , he took over the Chair of Pharmaceutical Chemistry at TH Karlsruhe .
Scientific life
Mannich is well known for his discovery of a special form of amino alkylation which was named after him : the Mannich reaction . In 1912 Mannich was able to describe the first synthetical morphine glucoside . He also completed a series of works in 1917 about the opium alkaloids and gave a method for the production of pure opium extracts . Mannich also developed a method for the determination of morphine content in opium , which allowed for effective dosing without having to use complex physiological individual tests . With his synthesis , he contributed to the determination of the structure of morphine .
Due to the introduction of multiple testing and detection methods , such as methods for polarimetric determination of starch , which for the detection of boric acid in food or the amount of ethanol in alcoholic beverages , the field of applied pharmacy owes Mannich a lot .
Scientific works
Über die Bildung von Benzolderivaten aus Dimethylamino-butanon und Malon-ester bzw . Acetessigester . Berichte der deutschen chemischen Gesellschaft ( 1938 , A and B Series ) , vol . 71 ( 10 ) , p. 2090-2092 .
Eine Synthese des Arecaidinaldehyds und des Arecolins Berichte der deutschen chemischen Gesellschaft ( 1942 , A and B Series ) , vol . 75 ( 12 ) p. 1480-1483 .
Über g‐Strophanthin ( Ouabain ) und g‐Strophanthidin Berichte der deutschen chemischen Gesellschaft ( 1942 , A and B Series ) , vol . 75 ( 12 ) , p. 737-750 .
Synthese und Umsetzungen von 1.3‐Ketobasen mit sekundärem Stickstoff Berichte der deutschen chemischen Gesellschaft ( 1942 , A and B Series ) , vol . 75 ( 1 ) , p. 49-64 .
References
Translated from German Wiki original
1877 births
1947 deaths
Scientists from Wrocław
People from the Province of Silesia
Humboldt University of Berlin faculty
20th-century German chemists
Bayonne Whipple ( died February 20 , 1937 ) was the stage name of Fanny Elmina Rose , an actress and vaudeville performer , and the second wife of Canadian actor Walter Huston .
Early life
Fanny Elmina Rose ( called Mina ) was born in New York , the daughter of Rodney S. Rose and Mary Louisa ( Ward ) Rose . Her father was a Methodist Episcopal clergyman .
Career
Bayonne Whipple was a vaudeville performer . From 1902 to 1908 she was the heroine , `` Ruth Blake '' , in a stage melodrama called The Ninety and Nine , in New York . In 1909 she met and began working with Walter Huston , a younger actor . At the time she was headlining a touring act called `` Harmony Discord '' . They formed an act called `` Whipple and Huston '' that toured for fifteen years . `` We sang , danced , did comedy skits , '' Huston recalled , `` and managements soon found out that we could do the time on stage of three acts , so they hired us , so they would n't have to pay the salaries of the two acts we replaced . '' Whipple handled the business side of their work , while Huston wrote their material , although Whipple was credited as co-writer of some songs and skits during this period . Their act was successful , but ended as Huston 's career in theatre and film grew , and Whipple 's did not .
Personal life
Bayonne Whipple married Walter Huston as his second wife in December 1914 , in Arkansas ; they divorced , after years of separation , in 1931 . Walter soon remarried . She died at home on Balboa Island , California in 1937 , from heart disease . Reports of her age varied ; she may have been as young as 60 or as old as 72 at the time of her death . Her gravesite is in Candor , New York .
References
External links
A 1911 photograph of Bayonne Whipple , in the J. Willis Sayre Collection of Theatrical Photographs , Special Collections , University of Washington Libraries .
Bayonne Whipple 's gravesite on Find a Grave .
1865 births
1937 deaths
American actresses
Huston family
Vaudeville performers
Bodrifty is the modern name of an Iron Age village , now in ruins , in Cornwall , England , United Kingdom . It is 700 yards west of Mulfra Hill in Penwith District , 3 miles northwest of Penzance and 1.5 miles southwest of Porthmeor , on the high ground of the watershed between the Atlantic and the English Channel . Today the settlement is barely more than a farm within the boundary of the village of New Mill , just north of Boskednan .
History
Professor Tim Darvill dates Bodrifty as far back as the seventh century BC , but James Dyer has claimed that Bodrifty began as an open settlement in the fourth century BC .
During the Iron Age , Bodrifty was inhabited by peasants who lived in round huts and cultivated small fields in the area . The settlement thrived between the fifth and second centuries BC , and Pytheas , the Greek geographer and explorer , is said to have visited Bodrifty on his travels in the 320s BC .
Archaeology
The site is archaeologically significant in part because of the wide range of pottery shards discovered there . It was excavated extensively in the early 1950s and most of the finds are in the Royal Cornwall Museum , Truro . An analysis of the styles of pottery suggests that Bodrifty was inhabited from the fifth century BC to the first or second century AD . The settlement consisted of eight structures surrounded by a stone wall enclosing about three acres . The structures themselves had internal diameters of between three and eight metres . It is possible that the name means `` the house by the summer shed '' in Cornish .
Replica roundhouse
In 1999 Fred Mustill , a local smallholder , built a reconstruction of a roundhouse at Bodrifty Farm after receiving a small grant . The task of building the replica required the shifting of granite rocks weighing several tons , felling , shaping and lashing hundreds of feet of timber , and hundreds of hours ' work cutting reeds for the roof . Mustill had previously researched typical roundhouse architectural structure and surveyed other reconstructions in Cornwall . Traditional rab ( granite sub soil ) was used for the mortar and woods such as oak , ash , holly and hazel for the roof . Mustill was keen for the house to be showcased as an educational aid for local children and others interested in history and archaeology , and hoped it would become a registered charity , though as of August 2011 it was being used for `` luxury camping '' .
References
Further reading
Villages in Cornwall
Iron Age sites in Cornwall
Archaeological sites in Cornwall
Cornish courtyard houses
True most commonly refers to truth , the state of being in congruence with fact or reality .
True may also refer to :
Places
True , West Virginia , an unincorporated community in the United States
True , Wisconsin , a town in the United States
True , a townland in County Tyrone , Northern Ireland
People
True ( singer ) ( stylized as TRUE ) , the stage name of Japanese singer Miho Karasawa
True ( surname )
True O'Brien ( born 1994 ) , an American model and actress
True , a fictional character from the Netflix series True and the Rainbow Kingdom
Arts , entertainment , and media
Music
Albums
True ( Avicii album ) , 2013
True ( EP ) , a 2012 EP by Solange Knowles
True ( L'Arc-en-Ciel album ) , 1996
True ( Roy Montgomery and Chris Heaphy album ) , 1999
True ( Mika Nakashima album ) , 2002
True ( Spandau Ballet album ) , 1983
True ( TrinityRoots album ) , 2001
True ( TRU album ) , 1995
Songs
`` True '' ( Brandy song ) , by Brandy Norwood from Human ( 2008 )
`` True '' ( Concrete Blonde song ) , 1987
`` True '' ( Ryan Cabrera song ) , 2004
`` True '' ( Jaimeson song ) , 2003
`` True '' ( Spandau Ballet song ) , 1983
`` True '' ( George Strait song ) , 1998
`` True '' , a song by Cindy Walker , recorded on The International Jim Reeves 1963
`` True '' , by Lasgo from Far Away
`` True '' , by Zion I from True & Livin '
`` True ... '' , a 2001 song by Riyu Kosaka
`` True Song '' , a 2002 song by Do As Infinity
`` You Do n't Love Me ( True ) '' , a song by Louis Cottrell Jr. with Don Albert and Lloyd Glenn
Periodicals
True ( magazine ) , an American men 's magazine
Trace ( magazine ) , formerly True , a British hip-hop magazine
Other uses in arts , entertainment , and media
True ( film ) , a short film directed by Tom Tykwer , starring Natalie Portman
True , a 2013 Elixir novel by Hilary Duff with Elise Allen , a sequel to Devoted
GE True , an anthology TV series based on stories from True magazine
Computing
true ( Unix ) , a Unix utility
true , a boolean value
TRUE ( Temporal Reasoning Universal Elaboration ) , a discrete and continuous time simulation software program for 2D , 3D and 4D modeling
Brands and enterprises
True ( cigarette ) , a brand of cigarettes made by Lorillard Tobacco Company
True ( dating service ) , an online dating service
True Corporation , a Thai communications group
TrueMove H , a Thai mobile operator
TrueVisions , a Thai television platform
Other uses
True self
True value , a concept in statistics
Trust for Urban Ecology , a British ecological organisation
See also
TRU ( band ) , an American hip hop group
True north ( disambiguation )
Truth value , in logic and mathematics , a logical value
False ( disambiguation ) , the opposite of true
Wheel truing stand
The Ljubljana Marathon ( ) is a marathon organised in Ljubljana by the City Municipality of Ljubljana ( MOL ) . It has been taking place since 1996 and attracts several thousand people each year .
History
The marathon was first held on . A total of 673 runners participated in the inaugural event , with 153 runners taking part in the marathon .
In 2020 , the 25th Ljubljana Marathon was postponed to 2021 due to the coronavirus pandemic , with all registrants given the option of transferring their entry to 2021 or obtaining a full refund . However , the marathon organizers were also planning to hold another marathon that was compliant with coronavirus restrictions , called the `` Maraton po Ljubljani '' , on the originally scheduled date of , with only up to 450 runners allowed to take part . Nine days before the scheduled date , the Maraton po Ljubljani was cancelled due to the second wave of the pandemic , with all registrants automatically receiving refunds .
Course
The marathon runs on roughly a loop course that begins on near the national theatre and ends about a block away in Congress Square .
Runners first run north along Slovenia Street into the Bežigrad District before heading west into the Šiška and Dravlje Districts . The course then heads south into the Rožnik District , running west of Rožnik Hill , before heading back toward the city centre for the halfway point .
The marathon then briefly heads southwest into the Vič District before heading east through the Trnovo and Rudnik Districts . Runners then head back northwest to the Ljubljanica river , roughly following the river northeast until they cross . The course then enters the Jarše District by running northwest along before the marathoners enter the Bežigrad District again and then head back south to the city centre to finish at Congress Square .
Other races
In addition to the marathon , a half marathon ( ) , a 10K run , a fun run ( ) , and a free run for kids ( ) are organised . A number of races of different lengths for schoolchildren of different ages are also held .
Winners
Key : Course record
Statistics
Note : Marathon statistics only
Multiple wins
Winners by country
Notes
References
External links
Ljubljana Marathon homepage
Marathons in Slovenia
Marathon
Recurring sporting events established in 1996
1996 establishments in Slovenia
Autumn events in Slovenia
Getúlio is a 2014 Brazilian biographical drama film written by George Moura and directed by João Jardim , starring Tony Ramos as Brazilian president Getúlio Vargas , based on the final moments of the crisis that led to the death of the then president , during the 19 days before the August 24 , 1954 .
The film was released in Brazil on May 1 , 2014 , coinciding with the Workers ' Day official holiday – in reference to the labor policies implemented by Getúlio .
Plot
The plot begins in August 1954 , after the attempted murder of Carlos Lacerda ( Alexandre Borges ) , owner of the opposition newspaper , then , president Getúlio has to confront with the increasing instability of his government , in addition to the charges of ordering the murder of his political enemy .
Cast
Tony Ramos as Getúlio Vargas
Drica Moraes as Alzira Vargas
Alexandre Borges as Carlos Lacerda
Leonardo Medeiros as General Caiado
Fernando Luís as Benjamim Vargas
Daniel Dantas as Member of the Opposition
Murilo Elbas as João Zaratimi
Sílvio Matos as General Carneiro de Menezes
José Raposo as Nero Moura
Adriano Garib as General Genóbio da Costa
Thiago Justino as Gregório Fortunato
Luciano Chirolli as General Tavares
Marcelo Médici as Lutero Vargas
Clarisse Abujamra as Darcy Vargas
Production
Development
With experience in documentary films , the director João Jardim has gathered an extensive material research , including films and rare books , documents and biographies of contemporary politicians , as well as notes of Alzira Vargas , Getúlio 's daughter . `` This allowed a deep dive on the contradictory figure of the political leader , and nationalist dictator , '' praises Tony Ramos .
The idea for the film came about , according to the director , shortly after filming the documentary Pro Dia Nascer Feliz about education and schools in Brazil . `` What I loved was not talking about Getúlio , but tell a story that echoes still today , which is connected with the formation of our country , with our current moment '' .
Jardim revealed that chose Tony Ramos for the role due to his similarities of personality with the character . `` Getúlio was reserved and charismatic , I was looking for someone like that , and the differential of Tony was the talent . He does everything brilliantly '' admits , emphasizing the originality of the story in his film . `` It 's a story that completes 60 years and that had never been told , '' he said .
Filming
Filming took place in the Catete Palace , in Rio de Janeiro , seat of the federal government at the time and where Getúlio killed himself with a gunshot to the chest , in 1954 .
References
External links
2014 biographical drama films
2014 films
Biographical films about presidents of Brazil
Brazilian biographical drama films
Films about politicians
Films set in Rio de Janeiro ( city )
Films set in 1954
Films shot in Rio de Janeiro ( city )
2010s political drama films
Films scored by Federico Jusid
Vargas Era
2014 drama films
Cattleya mooreana is a species of orchid native to Peru . It is considered an endangered species since 1997 by the IUCN .
References
External links
mooreana
Flora of Peru
Communications Chemistry is a peer-reviewed , open access , scientific journal in the field chemistry published by Nature Portfolio since 2018 . The chief editor is Victoria Richards . Communications Chemistry was created as a sub-journal to Nature Communications along with Communications Biology and Communications Physics .
Abstracting and indexing
The journal is abstracted and indexed in :
According to the Journal Citation Reports , the journal has a 2021 impact factor of 7.211 , ranking it 43rd out of 179 journals in the category `` Chemistry , Multidisciplinary '' .
See also
Nature
Nature Communications
Scientific Reports
References
External links
Nature Research academic journals
Chemistry journals
Open access journals
Publications established in 2018
English-language journals
Creative Commons-licensed journals
Continuous journals
2018 establishments
J. E. McConaughy ( , Julia Eliza Loomis ; January 1 , 1834 – August 29 , 1885 ) was a 19th-century American litterateur and author . She was one of the largest contributors to religious literature of her day -as to number of articles , all being brief- in the world , making valuable contributions to Sunday school literature . She was also the author of 14 books and of 8,000 articles for 75 periodicals . With such favor were her writings received by the public that they were frequently copied by other papers , and ran the rounds of the press , both in the United States and at times in England . The editor of one journal to which she was a constant contributor , through many years , and among a corps of distinguished writers , informed her that she was the only contributor from whom he had never refused an article . She invariably refused to write for secular papers for the sake of higher remuneration , where her religious aim would have to be sacrificed or abriged .
Early life and education
Julia Eliza Loomis was born in Twinsburg , Ohio , January 1 , 1834 , of Puritan ancestry . Her mother , whose names was Mills , was from Connecticut . Her father was also a native of Connecticut and a branch of the family of which Prof. Elias Loomis of Yale College was a prominent representative . Her father , Elisha Loomis , removed from New Haven , Connecticut , to Ohio , in 1817 , being one of the early settlers of the Western Reserve .
From seven years of age , she was an insatiable reader . A fall from a carriage which broke her ankle , when but ten years old , forced her to stay at house for some months , and tended still more to develop this taste . The library to which she had access was the garret of a neighbor , well stocked with files of old newspapers , a few magazines , and some volumes of Waverley . The first twelve years of her life were spent on a farm . Her father then removed to Hudson , Ohio , where she attended the Hudson Female Seminary , taught by Miss Mary Strong , daughter of Ephriam Strong . It was through her influence that Mrs. McConaughy 's interest in the subject of religion was first awakened . She united with the Congregational Church at Hudson , at the age of fourteen .
Career
During the course of her education , she became an assistant teacher in the seminary of Miss Strong , and for some years , taught there and in the village school , and then in the new seminary which succeeded Mis Strong 's , the in the High School at Akron , Ohio , and afterwards in Bloomfield , New Jersey , where she held the position of Lady Principal , having the responsible conduct of the school .
At the age of 24 , she married Rev . Nathaniel McConaughy , in New York City , June 14 , 1868 , and soon after removed to Millville , New Jersey , which was her home for eight years . She took on the duties of a minister 's wife , actively taking the lead in ladies ' prayer meetings , Sunday School , and Bible-class work , and all forms of Christian and charitable effort , visiting the sick , providing for the poor , and promoting schemes of benefolence . She afterwards spent two years at Swedesboro , New Jersey , before removing to Elwood , New Jersey .
At the age of 21 , she had begun to write for the press short , crisp newspaper articles . This she continued until her death . Her first article for the press was “ Learning Hymns , '' published in the New York Evangelist in 1855 .
As the family grew up around her , she still devoted herself to writing , and for 30 years , contributed articles , averaging about one a day , to many of the religious journals of the period . Among these were : The Presbyterian of Philadelphia ; The New York Evangelist , The Lutheran Observer , The Sunday School Times , The Herald and Presbyter of Chicago ; The Raptist Chronicle ( later Examiner and Chronicle ) of New York ; The America Messenger , and Child 's Paper of the American Tract Society , the papers of the Sunday School Union , of the Presbyterian Board , of the Methodist Book Concern , of the National Temperance Soceity , and others , all animated by the same purpose of christian spirit .
She availed herself also of the columns of many of the literary magazines , such as were governed by a religious spirit and meant for the home , among which were : Arthur 's Home Magazine , Peterson 's Magazine , The Ladies ' Repository , The Mother 's Magazine , The Mother 's Journal , The Ladies ' Home Journal , and others . Among the farming journals were : The New England Farmer , The Ohio Farmer , the Indiana Farmer , The Maine Farmer , The Rural New Yorker , The Cultivator and Country Gentleman , The Western Rural , The Working Farmer , The Farmer 's Journal , The Tribune and Farmer , The Farm and fireside , The Farmer 's Union , The Rural Home , The countryside , and most recently , The Farm and Garden , of the `` Household Department , of which she had charge at the time of her death . She also wrote for a few juvenile magazines and papers , Among them being : The Schoolday Visitor , The Schoolday Magazine , The School World , The Little Corporal , The Little Gem , The Minor , The Young Folks ' Magazine , Our Young People , The Children 's Home , The Children 's Friend , Golden Hours , Golden Rule , Home Companion , Christian Giver , Mersey 's Museum , beside many others to which she was an occasional contributor .
The number of articles she contributed to the press was not less than 8,000 , and the papers and periodicals to which she contributed number over 75 . In addition , she wrote fourteen books all for the young . The titles of these are : Archie at the Seaside , Hours with my Picture Book , Minnie 's Thinking Cap , How to be Beautiful , The Little Box and its Travels , Respect the Burden , The Prize Bible and other Stories , One Hundred Gold Dollars , The Hard Master , Hanna 's Lesson , Clarence , The Fire-fighters , Capital for Working Boys .
Later life and death
In the latter years of her life , when her own sons began to be young men , she took great interest in the welfare of that class , and turned her aim in writing largely toward them . For this purpose , she used such class journals as would devote a column or two reading suitable for clerks , and for several years , up to the time of her death , she furnished weekly an article for the Clerk 's Department of The American Grocer , which met with hearty appreciation , as numerous letters from the clerks themselves proved .
After Jennie Maria Drinkwater Conklin conceived the idea of the `` Shut-in-Band '' , McConaughy , though sorely smitten by the painful malady that resulted in her death , became a corresponding member , and wrote numerous letters to the suffering invalids , to cheer and brighten their lives . After McConaughy 's death , there were found the addresses of 44 invalids to whom she wrote , all strangers to her personally , and scattered all over the country .
Her final illness dated from June 23 , 1885 , but she had been suffering for seven years . The disease of which she died began to develop about 20 years earlier , and several operations were performed at various times , which succeeded in prolonging her life . She died at her residence in Somerville , New Jersey , August 29 , 1885 . She was interred in the Somerville Cemetery .
Selected works
Hours with my Picture Book ( American Sunday-School Union , 1865 )
Archie at the Seaside , and Other Stories ( American Sunday-School Union , 1866 )
Minnie 's Thinking Cap ( American Sunday-School Union , 1866 )
Clarence ; or , self-will and principle ( Philadelphia , Perkinpine & Higgins , 1866 )
One Hundred Gold Dollars ( Philadelphia , J. C. Garrigues & Co. , 1867 )
The Hard Master : A Temperence Story ( National Temperance Society and Publication House , 1868 )
The Fire-fighters ( National Temperance Society and Publication House , 1872 )
Capital for Working Boys ( London , Hodder and Stoughton , 1884 )
How to be Beautiful
The Little Box and its Travels
Respect the Burden
The Prize Bible and other Stories
Hanna 's Lesson
Model dialogues
`` Two Ways of Doing Good ''
`` Genteel and Polite ''
References
Attribution
1834 births
1885 deaths
19th-century American non-fiction writers
19th-century American women writers
People from Twinsburg , Ohio
Writers from Ohio
American religious writers
American women children 's writers
American children 's writers
American Christian writers
Penelope Dora Harvey Boothby ( 2 August 1881 – 22 February 1970 ) was an English female tennis player . She was born in Finchley , Middlesex . She is best remembered for her ladies ' singles title at the 1909 Wimbledon Championships .
Biography
Boothby was born in Finchley and , together with her older sister Gertrude , lived there with her step-parents , Harry and Gertrude Penn . Harry was a civil engineer , and by 1901 , they had moved to South Norwood , where she played at Beulah Hill Club , and during the winter months , she played badminton .
In 1908 she won a silver medal in the women 's singles event at the 1908 Summer Olympics .
In 1909 when she won the Ladies ' Singles at Wimbledon , the runner-up of the Men 's Singles , Josiah Ritchie , was also living in Norwood . Additionally that year she won the singles title of the British Covered Court Championships , played on wood courts at the Queen 's Club in London , after defeating Madeline O'Neill in the final in straight sets .
In 1911 she became the first female player to lose a Wimbledon final without winning a game , losing to Dorothea Douglass Lambert Chambers 6–0 , 6–0 .
In 1914 she married Arthur C.Geen .
She died in Hammersmith or Hampstead , London in 1970 .
Grand Slam finals
Singles ( 1 titles , 2 runners-up )
1This was actually the all-comers final as Charlotte Cooper Sterry did not defend her 1908 Wimbledon title , which resulted in the winner of the all-comers final winning the challenge round and thus Wimbledon in 1909 by walkover .
Doubles ( 1 title )
References
External links
John Arlott ( Hrsg . ) : The Oxford companion to sports & games . Oxford University Press , London 1975
All England champions 1899–2007
1881 births
1970 deaths
English female tennis players
English female badminton players
Olympic silver medallists for Great Britain
Olympic tennis players of Great Britain
People from Finchley
Tennis players at the 1908 Summer Olympics
Wimbledon champions ( pre-Open Era )
Olympic medalists in tennis
Grand Slam ( tennis ) champions in women 's singles
Grand Slam ( tennis ) champions in women 's doubles
Medalists at the 1908 Summer Olympics
Tennis people from Greater London
British female tennis players
Buscamos Sonrisas ( English : We Seek Smiles ) , is the title of El Sueño de Morfeo 's fourth studio album , which was released on 14 February 2012 . This was confirmed by the group on their Facebook page . The first single , entitled `` Depende de ti '' premiered on Spanish radio station Radio Valleseco on 3 November 2011 and was available to download on 15 November .
Track listing
Three of the album 's songs were confirmed for the album after being performed on their 2011 tour , whilst another four song titles were revealed by El País on 4 January 2012 . The full album track listing and pre-order was released on iTunes on 2 February ;
References
2012 albums
El Sueño de Morfeo albums
Grzegorz Piesio ( born July 17 , 1988 in Garwolin ) is a Polish footballer who plays as a midfielder for Wilga Garwolin .
Career
In the beginning of August 2019 , Piesio joined Kotwica Kołobrzeg .
Honours
Club
Arka Gdynia
Polish Super Cup : 2017
References
External links
Living people
1988 births
Polish footballers
Ekstraklasa players
I liga players
Górnik Łęczna players
Arka Gdynia players
Ząbkovia Ząbki players
Amica Wronki players
OKS Stomil Olsztyn players
Znicz Pruszków players
GKS Katowice players
Kotwica Kołobrzeg footballers
People from Garwolin County
Sportspeople from Masovian Voivodeship
Association football midfielders
Desisa lunulata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae . It was described by Francis Polkinghorne Pascoe in 1885 . It is known from Borneo and Malaysia .
References
Desisa
Beetles described in 1885
The December 2012 Gulf of Aden migrant boat disaster occurred on 18 December 2012 , in the Gulf of Aden off the northern coast of Somalia , when a boat carrying 60 people to Yemen capsized shortly after leaving the port of Bosaso , killing 55 people .
The vessel was carrying workers from Ethiopia and Somalia , who were said to be looking for work in the frankincense trade in Yemen , according to an official at the United Nations refugee agency . Survivors said that the boat began having trouble almost immediately after it left from Bosaso , and it sank just fifteen minutes after its departure . Of the 60 people on board , 23 bodies had been recovered by 20 December , with 32 people still missing and presumed dead . The remaining passengers , five Somali men , survived the sinking and swam to land . Among the dead were more than a dozen women and at least one child .
According to the International Organization for Migration , passengers appeared to have been suffered wounds while onboard ; a survivor said that crew on board the boat had beaten passengers to keep them seated . The UN refugee agency said that the sinking brought the total number of people either missing or confirmed dead in the Gulf of Aden between Somalia and Yemen to 150 during 2012 .
References
2012 in Somalia
Maritime incidents in Somalia
Migrant boat disasters
Maritime incidents in 2012
December 2012 events in Africa
The Boston Artists ' Association ( 1841–1851 ) was established in Boston , Massachusetts by Washington Allston , Henry Sargent , and other painters , sculptors , and architects , in order to organize exhibitions , a school , a workspace for members , and to promote art `` for the art 's sake . ''
History
According to the group 's constitution : `` The artists of Boston , deeply impressed with the importance of their profession , and with the necessity of a systematic course of study for its successful culmination ; also with the advantages to be derived from mutual co-operation and support , resolve to form themselves into an association for the furtherance of these objects . In so doing , they pledge to each other their honor as gentlemen , to lay aside all ungenerous , envious , or selfish feelings , and to seek the advancement of the arts alone , for the art 's sake . ''
There were `` 44 members in 1842 , and 66 in 1845 . '' They held `` regularly scheduled bi-weekly social meetings '' in Chester Harding 's space on School Street . In the association 's `` studio ... both living models and casts were provided for members . '' The association `` had casts donated to them by member Henry Sargent , and negotiated to borrow some of those at the Athenaeum . '' A school was organized in 1842 , overseen by John Pope . Instructors included Samuel P. Long and B.F. Nutting . The school was located at first in Harding 's Gallery on School Street , and from 1846 in rented rooms on Tremont Row .
Images
Members
Francis Alexander
Washington Allston
Joseph Alexander Ames ( i.e . Joseph Eames )
Joseph Andrews
Thomas G. Appleton
Thomas Ball
Hammatt Billings
Joseph Edward Billings
Edward Augustus Brackett
Joseph Carew
Henry Dexter
George Fuller
Samuel Gerry
Edward D. Greene
Henry Greenough
Richard Saltonstall Greenough
Chester Harding
Joshua H. Hayward
A.G. Hoit
George Hollingsworth
Charles Hubbard
D.C. Johnston
Charles Lane
Fitz Hugh Lane
P. Mallory
N.B . Onthank
John Pope
Henry Cheever Pratt
Thomas Buchanan Read
J. Rogers
Eastman Sanburn
Henry Sargent
William Sharp
George G. Smith
William E. Smith
W. Southworth
Charles J. Sprague
Richard M. Staigg
W.W. Story
Asa Coolidge Warren
M.J. Whipple
Ammi B . Young
Exhibitions
1842 - 1st Boston Artists ' Association exhibit , at Harding 's Gallery . Included : Henry Sargent ; Fitz Henry Lane ; Tintoretto ; Anthony van Dyck ; Caroline Negus ; and others .
1843 - 2nd Boston Artists ' Association exhibit , at Harding 's Gallery . Included : Thomas Cole ; Philip Harry ; Asher Brown Durand ; Thomas Sully ; and others . Lenders to the exhibit : E. Haskett Derby ; David Sears ; George Howe ; T. Whittemore ; Boston Museum ; C. Kimball ; and others .
1844 - 3rd Boston Artists ' Association exhibit , at Harding 's Gallery . Lenders to the exhibit : Professor Ticknor ; Mrs. Allston ; Col. H. Sargent ; T.H . Perkins ; Daniel Webster ; J.B. Joy ; H.C. Stebbins ; Mrs. Wheelock .
1845 - Joint exhibition of the Boston Artists ' Association and the Boston Athenaeum .
1846 - Joint exhibition of the Boston Artists ' Association and the Boston Athenaeum .
1847 - Joint exhibition of the Boston Artists ' Association and the Boston Athenaeum .
See also
Harding 's Gallery ( Boston )
References
1841 establishments in Massachusetts
1851 disestablishments in Massachusetts
Cultural history of Boston
Financial District , Boston
19th century in Boston
1840s in the United States
Susan Mary Hall is a British Conservative Party politician who has been a Member of the London Assembly ( AM ) for Londonwide since 2017 . She has been the leader of the London Conservatives on the Assembly since December 2019 .
Political career
Hall was elected as a Councillor on Harrow London Borough Council for Hatch End Ward in the 2006 local elections . She was given a Cabinet position responsible for the Environment and Community Safety in 2007 and became Deputy Leader of the group in 2008 . Hall became Leader of the Conservative group in 2010 and Leader of the Opposition , she took over as Leader of the hung Council in 2013 returning to opposition Leader in 2014 . She was appointed to the London Fire and Emergency Planning Authority in June 2010 .
At the 2016 London Assembly election , Hall was number 4 on the Conservative Party list . She was not elected .
She inherited the 4th Additional Member seat on the London Assembly in June 2017 following Kemi Badenoch 's resignation , as a result of Badenoch 's election as MP for Saffron Walden .
In 2018 , Hall became deputy leader of the London Conservatives .
After Gareth Bacon was elected to the House of Commons in the 2019 general election , Hall succeeded him as the leader of the Conservatives on the London Assembly .
Hall is a community safety advocate who campaigns for crime prevention . She has called for an increase in police funding in order to tackle knife crime . Hall is a critic of Mayor of London Sadiq Khan .
In March 2020 , in response to the coronavirus pandemic in London , Hall wrote a letter to Mayor Khan , asking him to “ call in the police ” to “ enforce the coronavirus lockdown ” in order to protect National Health Service workers .
Following the storming of the United States Capitol by supporters of Donald Trump in January 2021 , Hall compared the riot to other British politicians ' opposition to Brexit .
She was re-elected in the 2021 London Assembly election .
Electoral history
2021 London Assembly election
2016 London Assembly election
References
External links
Susan Hall at the London Assembly
Living people
21st-century British women politicians
Conservative Members of the London Assembly
Conservative Party ( UK ) councillors
People from the London Borough of Harrow
Anti-crime activists
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Women councillors in England
Healabhal Bheag is a hill located on the Duirinish peninsula of the Isle of Skye in the Inner Hebrides , Scotland . It is also known as MacLeod 's Table South and is part of the prominent pair of peaks known as MacLeod 's Tables that dominate the views to the west of Dunvegan and to the north of Harlosh .
Notes
References
Mountains and hills of the Isle of Skye
Marilyns of Scotland
Grandi cacciatori is a 1988 Italian adventure film directed by Augusto Caminito and starring Klaus Kinski .
Premise
After a man 's wife is killed by a panther , his only reason to live becomes revenge , which slowly consumes him .
Cast
Thomas Attguargarvak as Cacciatore Eschimese
Roberto Bisacco as Hermann
Deborah Caprioglio as Deborah
Brian Cooper as Ufficiale
Bob Crocket as Cacciatore Norvegese
Moser Dangwa as Gubai
Absalom Dhikinya as Shamano
Nick Duggan as Bracconiere Africano
Graham Early as Bracconiere Africano
James Haas as Cacciatore Norvegese
Roger Heacham
Michael Hoffmann as Guardia
Albert Jones as Cacciatore Africano
Harvey Keitel as Thomas
Klaus Kinski as Klaus Naginsky
Steven Ningeok as Cacciatore Eschimese
Rossahn Peetok as Capo Eschimesi
Iris Peynado as Nera
Yorgo Voyagis as Leader
References
External links
1988 films
Italian adventure films
1980s Italian-language films
1980s adventure films
1980s Italian films
The Quarmer , a.k.a . the Sand Superman , is a fictional character from DC Comics , created by Denny O'Neil and Curt Swan . He was a living sand doppelganger of Superman and first appeared in Superman # 233 ( January 1971 ) in `` The Sandman Saga '' , the first issue that introduced the Bronze Age-era Superman .
Fictional origin
Somewhere in the deserts of the United States there was a reactor in which experiments were conducted on pieces of kryptonite . When a powerful nuclear meltdown happened , Superman himself was there to attempt to stop it . He failed , however , and a powerful kryptonite-based explosion that rendered Superman unconscious resulted . Although he apparently had succeeded in stopping most of the deadly radiation from reaching humanity , a strange fission wave reached around the world and changed all kryptonite into pure iron . Miraculously , it seemed , Superman now had no vulnerabilities anymore , a fact that was told in newspapers worldwide .
On the spot Superman had been lying in the desert unconscious after the explosion was formed the imprint of the Man of Steel . The explosion had mysteriously opened up a portal into another dimension called the Quarrm Dimension . In that dimension beings existed as non-corporeal spirits and , like most spirits , they wanted a physical form to accompany them . One of the beings of that dimension gained access to the ordinary DC Earth by attaching itself to the psychic and physical imprint of Superman left in the sand . Many hours after the explosion an uncanny version of Superman , made of sand , rose from the imprint .
This being would in the months that followed meet Superman seemingly randomly and drain power from him in an attempt to create an identity for itself . Superman was left near powerless after each such encounter , while the Sand Superman grew more and more powerful and humanoid . Its presence became more and more of an annoyance to Superman , who wanted to know what it was . It could , however not speak , and mostly left more mysterious than it had been before the encounter . Superman , powerless at those occasions , was unable to follow it .
During one of these encounters , it saved the life of Superman by destroying the magic weapon called the Devil 's Harp , an artifact that was being used by a man named Ferlin Nyxly a.k.a . Pan . Pan had nearly killed Superman when the Sand Superman sneaked by and destroyed the weapon that had allowed Pan to steal all of Superman 's powers . Reasonably , the Sand Superman saved Superman 's life in order to maintain its own existence ( it had a life-giving mental link to Superman and thus it could not survive without Superman being alive ) . Later it gained the ability to speak , but that did not help Superman much . The being did not follow human emotions and did not care for humanity ; thus Superman could not convince it to agree on anything .
When the situation got even worse , Superman was left completely without powers . Seeking help from one of Wonder Woman 's old friends , the Asian mystic called I Ching , Superman hoped to cure his situation . I Ching sent away Superman 's soul to regain all the powers he had lost , which it did , leaving the Sand Superman powerless and near dead . Attempting to return home to Quarrm in order to survive , the Sand Superman opened up a dimensional portal in a park in Metropolis . Superman was too weak to enter the portal . The portal remained open . Superman had , unfortunately , been given brain damage by a powerful blow to his head while un-powered . When his powers had now returned he retained the brain damage , which made him act rashly and unreasonably . Superman had now become an irresponsible and potentially lethal superbeing .
With kryptonite no longer available , I Ching and Wonder Woman had to decide on a risky plan to help Superman ; they tracked down the Sand Superman and made an agreement with Superman to meet him so that the Sand Superman could ambush it , draining all his powers . Powerless , Superman would then recover as a normal man . Before the Sand Superman could steal Superman 's powers , it was spotted and Superman escaped the scene . Meanwhile , another being from Quarrm had entered the Earth Dimension via the portage in the park . This being fused itself with a giant Chinese statue of a monster and began rampaging in the streets . Superman accidentally flew over this creature and was completely drained of power , leaving him unconscious and powerless . Some street punks found Superman , gave him a real beating and allied themselves with the Chinese monster Quarrmian . The monster , seeking advice , did everything the punks asked of it . They wanted to finish off Superman , who was now residing in a hospital , and thus went there sitting on the back of the monster .
The punks were , however , too bullying and the enraged monster killed both of them , crushing them in its hands . The monster still wanted to finish Superman ( to which he also seemed to have a mental link ) , but by the time it reached the hospital , Superman awoke re-powered . The Sand Superman showed up and teamed with Superman . Together they both attacked the monster who , terrified , escaped back to the park and left Earth via the dimensional portal . Alone again with Superman , the Sand Superman announced that he was going to kill Superman so that he could be the only Man of Steel ( see Quote ) . I Ching , fortunately , arrived on the scene and magically hypnotized both into seeing how a fight between the two might turn out . Both saw the fight destroying Earth and Superman , believing that he had really destroyed Earth , was devastated . The Sand Superman realized that it had no right to claim Superman 's body or soul and thus agreed to return home to Quarrm . It left through the portage with half of Superman 's powers ( Superman refused to take the other half back after having seen the destruction of Earth during the hypnotism ) and closed the portal from the Quarrm side .
Long after that , he was seen in an issue of DC Collector 's Edition : Superman vs. Shazam . The Sand Superman was impersonating the real Man of Steel and attacked Captain Marvel , while Black Adam pretended to be Marvel and ambushed Superman , all to bring about a battle between the two heroes . Presumably the Sand Superman returned to the Quarrm Dimension after the matter was settled . He has probably not been seen since .
After this history , more kryptonite rained down on Earth later on , so the effect was only temporary .
Description
The Sand Superman resembled Superman himself more and more the more power it absorbed . At first it was a pile of sand with humanoid features , but near the end it had acquired colors in its densely packed sand so that it really resembled Superman . The only real difference was that the Sand Superman had a very different and alien body language and that his skin and suit resembled rough sandpaper . Everywhere Superman had colors in his suit , it had too ; it even had blue eyes of blue sand and black sand for hair . The entire appearance was quite uncanny and people who saw it often commented how strange 'Superman ' looked . All in all , it had the exact appearance of Superman himself , but with a very sand-like composition .
The Sand Superman 's personality was very strange and alien . Its main driving force seemed to be pure survival , for which it would do anything . In time it also acquired some of Superman 's own personality , including the desire to help humans and be a hero . It desired uniqueness nearly as much as survival itself , and would in the end attempt to kill Superman ( something Superman would not do ) to take his place . In speech it was sometimes very aggressive , intimidating , while other times it could be filled with self-pity ( particularly if powerless ) . It was very stoic and never showed any human emotion . Its logic was non-human and uncomprehensive .
While claiming that it wanted to take Superman 's place , it did not really care about what happened to humans or Earth . Only the final realization of what was right and what was wrong led it to leave Earth and its claims to be Superman . Since it has not returned from Quarrm , it has also shown a great belief in its judgement and a great persistence .
Inspiration
Back in 1971 , DC heralded a big change coming to Superman comics , and it was Denny O'Neil who would be penning the newest chapter in the Man of Steel 's history . The idea was to strip Superman of some of his power , humanizing him in the process and allowing for a new level of `` realistic '' ( relatively speaking ) storytelling . His story , which kicked off with `` Kryptonite Nevermore , '' but which has been nicknamed `` The Sandman Saga '' , is about to be published as a hardcover edition by DC .
The result of the fight between Superman and the Quarmer implied that the Man of Steel would be devoid of half of his power , but later writers would gradually reintroduce Superman 's Silver Age powers . This fallacy could imply other Kryptonian characters , such as Krypto and Supergirl , could have also infinite power and similar but perhaps slightly lesser power levels in relation to Superman .
Powers and abilities
The Quarmer could drain and make use of Superman 's powers , gradually becoming a Superman clone . He also could sense the whereabouts of Superman .
See also
The Weird
References
Comics characters introduced in 1971
Characters created by Dennis O'Neil
Clone characters in comics
Fictional characters with absorption or parasitic abilities
DC Comics characters who can move at superhuman speeds
DC Comics characters with superhuman strength
Evaristo Oliva ( born 25 October 1945 ) is a former Guatemalan cyclist . He competed in the individual road race and the team time trial events at the 1968 Summer Olympics .
References
External links
1945 births
Living people
Guatemalan male cyclists
Olympic cyclists of Guatemala
Cyclists at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Albanian roach is a common name for several fish in the family Cyprinidae and may refer to :
Pachychilon pictum
Leucos basak
Édouard Martin ( born 15 June 1963 ) is a Spanish-born French politician from the Socialist Party . He was a Member of the European Parliament from 2014 to 2019 .
See also
List of members of the European Parliament for France , 2014–2019
References
1963 births
Living people
21st-century French politicians
Socialist Party ( France ) MEPs
MEPs for East France 2014–2019
Spanish emigrants to France
The speckled tinkerbird ( Pogoniulus scolopaceus ) is a species of bird in the Lybiidae family ( African barbets ) .
It is found in Angola , Benin , Cameroon , Central African Republic , Republic of the Congo , Democratic Republic of the Congo , Ivory Coast , Equatorial Guinea , Gabon , Ghana , Guinea , Kenya , Liberia , Nigeria , Sierra Leone , Togo , and Uganda .
References
speckled tinkerbird
Birds of Sub-Saharan Africa
Birds of the Gulf of Guinea
Birds of Central Africa
Birds of West Africa
speckled tinkerbird
speckled tinkerbird
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Dry Mesa Dinosaur Quarry is situated in southwestern Colorado , United States , near the town of Delta . Its geology forms a part of the Morrison Formation and has famously yielded a great diversity of animal remains from the Jurassic Period , among them Ceratosaurus , Supersaurus , and Torvosaurus . The quarry is found within the Uncompahgre National Forest .
History
In 1971 , a large theropod phalanx ( Torvosaurus tanneri ) was discovered at Dry Mesa by Ed and Vivian Jones of Delta , Colorado . The find was reported to James A. Jensen of Brigham Young University ( BYU ) who commenced quarrying operations in 1972 . In 1973 , Brigham Young University cooperated with producer Steve Linton and director John Linton in order to produce The Great Dinosaur Discovery , a 1-hour-long color documentary showing Jensen 's on-site finds in Dry Mesa . First released on November 13 , 1973 , in local `` Egyptian Theater '' in Delta , and subsequently aired on several USA TV channels , The Great Dinosaur Discovery was originally planned to be trimmed to about 30 minutes for educational use . Indeed , to obtain a shortened educational version , the full-length documentary was reduced to a 24-minute-long mini-film which started airing on American television channels throughout the USA as of 1976 .
During the four years that spanned from 1972 to 1976 , rocks and fossils were stocked at the BYU football stadium until a specific building was constructed in 1976 for the BYU Earth Science Museum , known in the present day as the BYU Museum of Paleontology . Under the direction of the BYU Earth Science Museum , the quarry has been excavated for 13 field seasons . Approximately 4000 bones have been collected , making it one of the most prolific dinosaur producing accumulations in the Morrison Formation . Thirty vertebrate genera are represented in the quarry including dinosaurs , a pterosaur , crocodile , turtle , lungfish , and a prototherian mammal . Twenty-three genera of dinosaurs have been found in the quarry distinguishing it as the most diverse Jurassic dinosaur assemblage . The quarry is especially recognized for its large sauropods , among which Supersaurus vivianae and Ultrasauros macintoshi are the most celebrated finds ( Richmond and Morris , 1999 ) .
Geology
The Dry Mesa Dinosaur Quarry of western Colorado yields one of the most diverse Upper Jurassic vertebrate assemblages in the world . This fossil assemblage was deposited within a poorly sorted sandstone bed that is stratigraphically situated in the lower portion of the upper Brushy Basin Member of the Morrison Formation . The bone accumulation , consisting of thousands of bones , was the consequence of two cataclysmic events , a drought , and flash flood . In the Dry Mesa area , a severe drought resulted in the mass mortality of dinosaurs and other vertebrates . These animals were attracted to a remnant water hole of the dry Lake T'oo'dichi ' lake bed where they died of starvation and dehydration . This mass mortality produced a considerable accumulation of disarticulated vertebrate remains . Subsequently , a short-lived flash flood traversed the dry lake beds . The quarry sandstone bed is a 2 meter thick , 121 meters wide , very poorly sorted pebble-rich sublitharenite . The channel sandstone shows abundant trough cross-stratification and a possible antidune bedform composed of gravel and sand which indicates flow velocities as high as 200 cm/s ( 5 miles/hour ) . Measured bone volumes can be equated to flow velocities . These calculated bone volume velocities are in agreement with flow velocities determined from grain size and bedforms . The river flow direction , based upon bedform orientations and bone elongation statistics , was to the east-northeast . Geologic and taphonomic characteristics indicate a short transport distance for the bone accumulation ( Richmond and Morris , 1999 ) .
Paleofauna
Allosaurus fragilis
A. jimmadseni
Apatosaurus sp .
Barosaurus sp .
Ceratosaurus sp .
Dryosaurus altus
Marshosaurus sp .
Mesadactylus ornithosphyos
Stegosaurus sp .
Supersaurus vivianae
Torvosaurus tanneri
Uteodon aphanoecetes
References
Bibliography
Richmond , D.R . and Morris , T.H. , 1999 , Stratigraphy and cataclysmic deposition of the Dry Mesa Dinosaur Quarry , Mesa County , Colorado , in Carpenter , K. , Kirkland , J. , and Chure , D. , eds. , The Upper Jurassic Morrison Formation : An Interdisciplinary Study , Modern Geology v. 22 , no . 1-4 , pp . 121–143 .
Morris , T.H. , Richmond , D.R. , and Grimshaw , S.C. , 1996 , Orientation of dinosaur bones in riverine environments : Insights into sedimentary dynamics and taphonomy , in Morales , M. , ed. , The Continental Jurassic : Symposium Volume , Museum of Northern Arizona Bulletin 60 , pp . 521–530 .
Richmond , D.R. , 1994 , Brigham Young University Thesis : Stratigraphy , sedimentology and microfacies analysis of the Dry Mesa Dinosaur Quarry , Mesa County , Colorado , 101 p .
See also
Cleveland-Lloyd Dinosaur Quarry , located in the nearby state of Utah , another similar paleontological site of the Morrison Formation .
Jurassic Colorado
Jurassic paleontological sites of North America
Morrison Formation
Paleontology in Colorado
Geography of Mesa County , Colorado
Uncompahgre National Forest
Ringball is a traditional South African sport that stems from basketball and has been played since 1907 . The sport is now promoted in South Africa , Namibia , Botswana , Lesotho , India , and Mauritius to establish Ringball as an international sport . The sport is played by both men and women teams .
Gameplay
Ringball is a non-contact sport played by both men and women teams in separate games . It is similar to the game of netball , korfball and can be played on an all weather , grass , or in-door court . The court is divided into three sections . A team consists of three goal scorers , three centre players , and three defending players . The objective of the game is to throw the ball from one player to another and finally through the ring or hoop of the goalpost . A goalpost is placed at both ends of the court .
The South African game of ringball is played by two opposing teams consisting of nine players on a side . Three players of each team play in each of the three sections of the court ( three goal shooters , three centre players and three defenders ) . These players may at no time during play , touch ground in any adjacent section , step on or receive the ball over the lines separating the sections .
The ball is passed through the air from player to player and is caught with the hands , such that the ball does not touch any other part of the body . In passing the ball , a player may not move forward or backward , feint a pass , or be in possession of the ball for longer than two seconds during the attempt to pass the ball .
To score , the ball must fall through the ring from above . A goal shooter may attempt to score a goal from any position in the goal section and outside the semicircle . Both hands ( from below upwards ) must be used when shooting a goal and must be attempted within five seconds from the time the ball is received . When a penalty goal has been awarded , any of the three opposing goal shooters can attempt a goal from any position outside the goal circle . A penalty goal must be attempted within three seconds . A goal shooter can also attempt a penalty from behind the penalty line within three seconds .
Players may try to gain possession of the ball without hitting or snatching the ball from the opponent 's hands . Players are not allowed to hold , push away or obstruct their opponents in any manner to prevent them from passing the ball . Two players of the same team may not touch or hold the ball simultaneously . It is an infringement if the ball crosses the section without being touched by a player in that section .
When players of both teams commit a transgression simultaneously , it is called a double fault . The referee then tosses the ball into the air between two opposing players where the transgressions occurred . The two opposing players then attempt to gain possession of the ball by hitting or catching the ball on to descend .
A match consists of two-halves of 25 minutes each with an interval of three minutes . After each successful goal , the players must take up position as shown on the image . The centre player stands in the half circle facing his own goalpost . At the blow of the whistle the ball must be passed to one of the wings within two seconds . It is an infringement when the ball is passed to another section without passing to a wing first .
When the ball goes out of play crossing the outside lines , an opposing player from that section puts the ball into play on the spot where it has left the court .
The team with the highest score at the end of the match is the winning team .
Rules
The Court
1 . The court is 27 m x 18 m in size and is divided into three equal sections ( 9 m x 18 m ) . The two goalposts are situated in the middle of each short side of the court against the outside line . Each goalpost has a steel ring of 450mm in diameter attached at the top , exactly 3 m from the ground . With the goalpost as pivot a half circle ( the goal circle ) with a radius of 4,5 m is drawn . The penalty line is short line in the goal section 1 m in length and 2 m from the middle inside line directly in line with the middle half circles . The two side sections are called the goal sections and the middle section is called the centre section . Exactly in the middle of the centre section , a circle of 1 m diameter and in the middle of the two inside lines , two half circles with a diameter of 1 m are drawn . On either side of the centre circle two `` V ” -lines with legs of 1 m long are drawn and this is referred to as the `` V ” . See the diagram below for the position of the goalposts .
2 . All-weather , gravel or grass courts , or adapted netball courts may be used . The surface of the court must be even . Gravel courts must be free of grass and must be well compacted . Slip-free all-weather courts are recommended . Netball courts can be used with minor adjustments .
3 . Within a distance of 1,5 m around the court there should be no obstacles such as trees , light poles , walls , fences , wires or steps ( also see the spectators section ) .
4 . All lines must be clearly marked in white or yellow . The width of these lines should be between 25 mm and 50 mm .
5 . The goalposts must be of 3 m circular steel pipes with a diameter of 75 – 90 mm . The goalposts must be placed in a vertical position in the centre of the 18 m outside line . The inside edge of the goal post must form a tangent with the inside edge of the line .
6 . The ring on the goalpost must be of a sturdy round metal bar with a maximum of 18 mm thickness and an inside diameter of 350 mm . Flat steel rings are not allowed . The ring must be horizontally fixed ( level ) to the top of the post and should not hop up when the ball bounces on the ring . The rings should be painted white or silver .
7 . The nets must be large enough to allow a number 5 ball to pass through and must be correctly fixed to the goal ring . White or yellow nylon nets are recommended . Balls could be shot out when the nets are affixed too tightly .
The Ball
1 . A ball made of leather or synthetic material should be used . Rubber balls are not permitted ( Wet leather balls and balls inflated too hard stretch while underinflated leather balls stretch at the seams ) .
2 . All teams play with a number 5 ball , with a circumference of between 69 and 71 cm and a mass of approximately 450 grams ( Balls with loose laces or uneven surfaces are not allowed ) .
3 . The u/9 , u/11 and u/13 teams play with a number 4 ball , with a circumference of 64 cm .
The Players
1 . A ringball team consists of nine players , viz. , three goal shooters , three centre players and three defenders . Only three players of a team are allowed in each section .
2 . At least eight players of a team must be present at the start of a game . A player who arrives late , is allowed to join the game only when the ball is out of play and with the permission of the referee . No team is allowed to play with seven or fewer players after the game has started with eight or nine players ; e.g . in the event of two players of the same team being disqualified during the match . The team with the disqualified players forfeits the league points and the opposing team wins the match .
3 . No player is allowed to leave the court without the permission of the referee .
4 . A maximum of three players of a team may be substituted at any time during the match . The substitution player may only join the team when the ball is out of play and with the permission of the referee .
5 . In the event of a sick or injured player who is unable to continue play , a substitute may immediately take up his place . A disqualified player may not be substituted .
6 . If the injured player only receives treatment and wants to return to continue play , no substitution player may take his position . Play continues with his team consisting of eight players until he is ready to return to his position to continue play .
7 . In the event of all three substitutes already participating any of the original players may return to the game . An injured player , if sufficiently recovered , may return at own risk . No new substitutes may be used .
8 . Injury time of two minutes is allowed on court . In the event of a serious injury , time must be granted for the player to receive medical treatment on court or to be removed . Injury time shall be added to the half in question .
9 . A player experiencing any type of bleeding must leave the court immediately and can be substituted . As soon as the bleeding has stopped , the player may rejoin the game with the permission of the referee . In the event of the player not returning within five minutes , the substitute will then complete the game .
The Referee
1 . A qualified neutral person should officiate at matches as referee .
2 . The referee shall enforce the rules and his decision is final . The referee 's responsibility comprises , inter alia :
a ) enforcing the rules and regulate the game uniformly .
b ) ensuring that the match progresses orderly and obviating irregularities .
c ) promoting the fluency of the match .
d ) ensuring that the court and the ball are suitable for play .
3 . The referee blows the whistle only :
a ) to start or end the match .
b ) after a goal was scored .
c ) when any infringement of a rule occurs .
d ) when the ball goes out of play .
4 . The referee is ultimately responsible for the time and the score and , after consultation with the scorekeepers concerning the time and score , his decision is final .
5 . The referee must verify the time with the linesman during the match .
6 . The referee must verify the score during the interval . In the event where all three ( referee and two scorekeepers ) differ , the referee 's score shall be accepted . When the scores of the two scorekeepers are the same , their score shall be accepted after consultation .
7 . An appeal against a referee can only be lodged on the grounds of incompetence and/or for any prejudice against and/or favouritism towards a particular team . Any appeal or objection must be lodged in accordance with the controlling body 's constitution as well as the prescribed instructions .
The Time
1 . All matches consist of two periods of 25 minutes each with a half-time interval of three minutes . The teams change ends at half-time .
2 . Should there be a tie during semi-final and final games , play will continue – 10 minutes on a side without half-time . Should it happen that it is still a tie after this additional time , the ball will be thrown up by the referee at the centre circle and the team that then scores the first goal , is the winner .
3 . Injury time should be added to the specific period of play . ( In competitions where a siren is used to control the time for the matches , the competition rules should include rules concerning injury time . )
4 . Any intentional time wasting is penalised with a penalty . The following is considered as time wasting :
a ) Taking time to get ready for the restart of the game
b ) Changing of players in the event of injury or voluntary substitution
c ) Putting in of the ball at the outside lines
d ) For the changing of shoes , clothes , etc .
e ) Tossing the ball away
5 . When time of play has run out , the game can only be ended as soon as the ball goes out of play or when a goal was scored .
The Score
1 . A successful goal counts two points .
2 . A successful penalty goal counts two points . A goal shooter may attempt a penalty goal from any position outside the goal circle when it is awarded at the first deliberate offence .
3 . At the second occurrence of inadmissible play , another penalty is awarded and the offending player is yellow carded .
4 . When the same player continuous with inadmissible play , another penaltimy is awarded . The offending player is red carded and disqualified for five minutes .
5 . If the goal shooter attempts the penalty from behind the penalty line and is successful , three points are awarded . It is the goal shooter 's own choice to attempt the penalty from behind the penalty line .
6 . A warning , yellow or red card can be awarded by the referee even after a goal has been scored .
Officials at a Match
1 . The referee
2 . Two responsible scorekeepers – one from each team who must present themselves to the referee just before the start of play . Team scorecards are not exchanged and the scorekeepers keep score independently .
3 . A linesman . The referee shall be assisted by a linesman with a flag . He assists the referee on the opposite side of the court by indicating when the ball is out of play . He shall thus indicate where and which team has to put the ball into play .
4 . The linesman must also assist the referee with time keeping .
Spectators
1 . Spectators must remain one metre from the outside lines of the court .
2 . Team managers must take up position on the opposite side from where the referee moves and one metre from the outside lines of the court .
3 . Spectators are not allowed to interfere or hinder a goal shooter in his attempt to score a goal .
4 . The referee is entitled to request any member of the controlling body to remove from the court any spectator or official who misbehaves during the match . The referee can stop the game until such time that the person in question has been removed .
References
Ball games
Sport in South Africa
Sports originating in South Africa
Team sports
Forms of basketball
Games and sports introduced in 1907
The Trenton Titans were a professional minor league ice hockey team that played in the ECHL . The team last played in the Atlantic Division of the ECHL 's Eastern Conference . The Titans played their home games at the Sun National Bank Center in Trenton , New Jersey . Established in 1999 , the team was owned by Delaware Valley Sports Group LLC , a local ownership group . They were most recently the ECHL affiliate of the NHL 's Philadelphia Flyers and the AHL 's Adirondack Phantoms .
The Titans finished with the best record in the ECHL once in 2002 , and qualified for the playoffs for eight out of their fourteen seasons . They won the league 's Kelly Cup championship in 2005 .
The team was owned by the New Jersey Devils from 2006 to 2011 , but remained an affiliate of the Flyers under the Titans name for the 2006–07 ECHL season . Renamed the Trenton Devils , the team was affiliated with the New Jersey Devils starting from the 2007–08 ECHL season . After the team was sold in 2011 , the team reverted to the Titans moniker and affiliation with the Flyers for the 2011–12 ECHL season .
The ECHL announced on April 23 , 2013 that the Titans have ceased operations and that all players are considered unrestricted free agents , effective immediately .
History
Trenton Titans ( 1999–2007 )
The ECHL awarded Trenton an expansion team in 1996 , three years before the club played a game . The franchise started as the Trenton Titans and played their first season in 1999 . The Titans were affiliated with the Philadelphia Flyers ( NHL ) and the Philadelphia Phantoms ( AHL ) from 1999–2000 to 2006–07 and with the New York Islanders ( NHL ) and the Bridgeport Sound Tigers ( AHL ) from 1999–2000 to 2002–03 , and again for the 2005–06 season .
Following the 2004–05 ECHL season , the Titans won the Kelly Cup by defeating the Florida Everblades , four games to two . Leon Hayward was named the MVP of the Kelly Cup Finals . Rick Kowalsky was Trenton 's captain . After the season , head coach Mike Havilland was hired by the AHL 's Norfolk Admirals . Assistant coach Ted Dent was hired by the Columbia Inferno .
Intrastate rivalry
Before moving to Stockton , California to become the Stockton Thunder in 2005 , the Atlantic City Boardwalk Bullies were rivals of the Titans . They played for the Garden State Cup , which was awarded to the regular season series winner between New Jersey 's two ECHL teams .
2001–02 : Trenton wins , 6 games to 4
2002–03 : Atlantic City wins , 6 games to 4
2003–04 : Trenton wins , 6 games to 4
2004–05 : Trenton wins , 5-3-2
In 2006 , the New Jersey Devils bought the Trenton Titans and the team became the ECHL affiliate of the Devils for the 2006–07 season . The team still maintained their affiliation with the Flyers for that season only .
Trenton Devils ( 2007–2011 )
In 2007 , the New Jersey Devils announced that the Titans were changing their name to the Trenton Devils . This re-branding alienated fans in the Trenton area , many of whom were part of the Philadelphia Flyers ' ( and to a lesser extent , the fellow NHL rivals of the Devils in the New York Rangers ) fan base . The name change and the team 's lackluster record led to a significant decline in attendance , positioning Trenton at or near the bottom of the league in attendance . The only exception to this was on February 21 , 2009 , when the Trenton Devils retired former Titan Kelly Cup champion Scott Bertoli 's No . 19 in front of a crowd of 6,013 fans .
On July 6 , 2011 , the New Jersey Devils announced that the Trenton Devils would be suspending operations immediately , citing a desire to restructure their player development system to more closely mirror those of other NHL franchises ( New Jersey was the only NHL team to wholly own its ECHL affiliate ) . Trenton had failed to qualify for the playoffs in three of the previous four seasons and had regularly posted league-low attendance numbers . Prior to the suspension of operations , the team lost $ 1.5 million during the 2010–11 ECHL season .
The ECHL worked to find a new ownership group for the franchise , with the NHL 's Philadelphia Flyers eager to affiliate with franchise and help in cross-promotion . The Flyers , however , were not interested in owning the ECHL franchise . Two weeks prior to the announcement of the Trenton Devils ' suspension of operations , the ECHL registered the Trenton Titans name with the United States Patent and Trademark Office , with a logo description that was similar to the logo used by the Titans from 1999 to 2007 . One week after the Devils suspended operations , a group of local fans began lobbying investors to restart the franchise under the Titans name .
Trenton Titans ( 2011–2013 )
Blue Line Sports LLC , managed by John and Eileen Martinson , took over the team , restoring the original Titans moniker and affiliating the team once again with the Philadelphia Flyers . On March 28 , 2012 , the team and its owner Blue Line Sports LLC was sold to Delaware Valley Sports Group LLC , consisting of Jim O'Connor , Jim Cook , Tim Curran and the team 's general manager Richard Lisk .
Former Titan all-time scoring leader Scott Bertoli , whose number 19 is the only one to be retired by the franchise , was named senior adviser of hockey operations for the team . Former Titans ' general manager from 2001–05 , Richard Lisk , rejoined the team and was appointed to be the franchise 's president and CEO .
Former Titans defenseman and previous assistant coach during the Trenton Devils years Vince Williams was named head coach of the Titans on August 1 , 2011 .
NHL veteran and original Titan Todd Fedoruk was named assistant coach on November 9 , 2011 . On August 28 , 2012 , the Titans announced the addition of Joe Trotta as an assistant coach . Trotta had last served as video coach for the Anaheim Ducks of the NHL . The Titans also announced an affiliation with the Danbury Whalers of the Federal Hockey League on September 10 , 2012 . This is one of the first times an ECHL team has affiliated with a lower minor league team .
On April 23 , 2013 , the Titans announced they would cease operations for the 2013–14 season .
Season-by-season record
Note : GP = Games played , W = Wins , L = Losses , T = Ties , OTL = Overtime losses , SOL = Shootout losses , Pts = Points , GF = Goals for , GA = Goals against , PIM = Penalties in minutes
Playoffs
Club Records
Season
Points : 79 - Scott Bertoli , ( 2006–07 )
Goals : 36 - Mike Pandolfo , ( 2006–07 )
Assists : 53 - Ryan Gunderson , ( 2008–09 )
Penalty Minutes : 305 - Graham Belak , ( 2001–02 )
Goaltending Appearances : 48 - Scott Stirling , ( 2000–01 )
Goaltending Minutes : 2,722 - Andrew Allen , ( 2004–05 )
Goaltending Wins : 32 - Scott Stirling , ( 2000–01 )
Shutouts : 5 - Scott Stirling , ( 2000–01 )
Game
Points : 7 - David Hoogsteen vs. Toledo ( March 24 , 2000 )
Goals : 5 - Mathieu Brunelle vs. Augusta ( January 31 , 2004 )
Assists : 5 - Colin Pepperall vs. Dayton ( January 19 , 2008 ) and David Hoogsteen vs. Toledo ( March 24 , 2000 )
Penalty Minutes - 33 Todd Fedoruk vs. Roanoke ( February 19 , 2000 )
General managers
Brian McKenna : 1999–2002
Richard Lisk : 2002–2004
Jeffrey Mandel : 2004–2005
Jim Leahy : 2005–2011
Richard Lisk : 2011–2013
Head coaches
Bruce Cassidy : 1999–2000
Troy Ward : 2000–2001
Peter Horachek : 2001–2002
Bill Armstrong : 2002–2004
Mike Haviland : 2004–2005
Doug McKay : 2005–2006
Rick Kowalsky : 2006–2010
Kevin Dean : 2010–2011
Vince Williams : 2011–2013
Retired numbers
19 : Scott Bertoli ( Retired on February 21 , 2009 ; Re-dedicated on October 22 , 2011 )
Media
The Titans were covered by the two city newspapers , The Trenton Times and The Trentonian . Hunterdon County Democrat writer Mike Ashmore kept an active blog of the team during their time as the Devils . WRRC ( 107.7 FM The Bronc ) carried all Titans games , both over-the-air and through an Internet link , with Daryle Dobos calling the action .
The games were broadcast on radio during the first nine years of existence on WHWH , WBCB-AM , and WTSR , In 2008 , the broadcasts switched to internet-only , and were handled by first-year play-by-play announcer Paul Roper , who was selected to broadcast the 2009 ECHL All-Star Game .
References
External links
Official Trenton Titans Site
Sun National Bank Center
ECHL teams
New York Islanders minor league affiliates
Philadelphia Flyers minor league affiliates
New Jersey Devils minor league affiliates
Ice hockey teams in New Jersey
Ice hockey clubs established in 1999
1999 establishments in New Jersey
Defunct ECHL teams
Ice hockey clubs disestablished in 2013
2013 disestablishments in New Jersey
The Firemen 's Memorial is a 1913 monument on Riverside Drive at 100th Street in Manhattan , New York .
Context
Like other large cities , New York was devastated by fires in the 18th and 19th centuries . In 1776 , in the midst of the American Revolutionary War , a great fire swept through the city , destroying 493 buildings . Two more great fires , in 1835 and 1845 , together destroyed approximately 1000 buildings and killed 50 people , including a number of firefighters . Fire safety improved in the late 19th and early 20th century , but firefighting remained a dangerous task . Following the 1907 drowning death of Deputy Fire Chief Charles W. Kruger in a flooded Canal Street basement , Bishop Henry C. Potter proposed a memorial to firefighters who had died while performing their duties .
Potter established a committee to build a monument , and was its first chairman , being succeeded by Isidor Straus , co-owner of Macy 's . The Board of Estimate and Apportionment granted $ 40,000 to the project on July 17 , 1911 , and an additional $ 50,500 was raised through a popular subscription .
Although originally planned for Union Square , the memorial eventually ended up being built on the fashionable Riverside Drive , alongside which ran Frederick Law Olmsted 's English-style rustic Riverside Park . The monument was designed by architect Harold Van Buren Magonigle and its sculptures are by Attilio Piccirilli . The site consists of a grand staircase leading up from the west , a balustraded plaza , and the Knoxville marble monument . Above the fountain , which extends from the box-like structure of the monument , is a large bas-relief scene of a horse drawn engine rushing to a fire . The monument is flanked to the north and south with groups of sculptures representing `` Duty '' and `` Sacrifice '' .
Inscription
The inscription on the reverse of the monument reads :
Architects
A New Jersey native , Magonigle was a successful architect of monuments , including the McKinley Memorial Mausoleum in Ohio and the Liberty Memorial in Missouri . Piccirilli studied marble carving at his father 's studio in Italy , before moving to the United States in 1888 . Magonigle and Piccirilli had collaborated previously on the USS Maine National Monument in Central Park , and Piccirilli used the same model ( Audrey Munson ) for the female figures of both . Piccirilli 's independent fragment , Study of a Head , is derived from the Firemen 's Memorial and is housed in the collection of the Metropolitan Museum of Art .
Dianne Durante compared Piccirilli 's northern cluster of statues ( a woman cradling the limp body of a firefighter ) to Michelangelo 's statue of a grieving Madonna . She also praised the southern cluster , the same woman holding a child ( presumably the widow and child of the dead firefighter ) , a scene she describes as `` wrenching . '' She attributes the power of the bas-relief to communicate the urgency and drama to the artist 's decision to depict a horse-drawn engine , rather than an emotionless motorized engine , and she attributes the timelessness of the sculptures to the use of classical , simple drapery , rather than contemporary costume .
Dedication and tablet
The monument was dedicated on September 5 , 1913 . Every autumn , a ceremony is held at the memorial to honor the memory of firefighters who have died protecting the city . Attended by the mayor , the fire commissioner and thousands of firefighters , the ceremony gained even greater significance after the September 11 attacks of 2001 . 343 New York firefighters died responding to the attacks and collapse of the World Trade Center . In the weeks that followed , the memorial became a shrine for those firefighters , an annual ceremony at the memorial is now also held on September 11 each year .
In 1927 a bronze tablet was installed in the plaza beneath the memorial . The tablet , placed by the American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals , is dedicated to the horses which , in earlier years , pulled the fire department 's engines .
See also
List of firefighting monuments and memorials
References
1913 sculptures
1913 establishments in New York City
Firefighting memorials
Firefighting in New York ( state )
Monuments and memorials in Manhattan
Upper West Side
Nude sculptures in New York ( state )
Riverside Park ( Manhattan )
Horses in art
Laado ( English : Girl Daughter ) is an Indian television soap opera finite series produced by Shakuntalam Telefilms ( Season 1 ) and Dhaval Gada ( Season 2 ) . It aired on weekdays on Colors TV .
The show had two seasons titled Na Aana Is Des Laado ( English : Never come to this country , dear ) and Laado - Veerpur Ki Mardani ( English : Daughter - Manlike of Veerpur ) .
The first season named Na Aana Is Des Laado premiered on 9 March 2009 . It starred Meghna Malik , Simran Kaur , Vaishnavi Dhanraj and Yash Dasgupta . The season ended on 27 July 2012 after 870 episodes . It became one of the highest rated shows on Indian television at that time .
The second season named Laado 2 ( TV series ) premiered on 6 November 2017 . It starred Meghna Malik , Avika Gor , Palak Jain and Shaleen Malhotra . The season ended on 23 May 2018 after 133 episodes , and was replaced by Bepannah .
Plot
Season 1 ( Na Aana Is Des , Laado )
The serial is about a conflict between ignorant , manipulative and dominant woman , Ammaji ( Meghna Malik ) who rules a village , Veerpur with an iron fist and Sia ( Natasha Sharma ) , an educated daughter of a doctor and a rebel against Ammaji 's evil cultures . This show mainly focuses on Ammaji , her family and the evil custom of Female infanticide and rampant misogyny prevalent in the backward village . The moral of the story is about women 's rights . The show portrays various social evils practiced in India .
Season 2 ( Laado - Veerpur Ki Mardani )
Ammaji is back ! Living a retired life with her two granddaughters Anushka ( Avika Gor ) and Jhanvi ( Palak Jain ) , her only aim in life is to protect her two granddaughters . But what will happen when a wrong move by her granddaughters take her back to where it all began , Veerpur ?
Cast
Meghna Malik ( seasons 1-2 ) as Bhagwani Devi Sangwan / Ammaji
Simran Kaur ( season 1 ) as Diya Raghav Sangwan née Diya Shaurya Pratap - Ammaji 's granddaughter
Vaishnavi Dhanraj ( season 1 ) as Jhanvi Raghav Sangwan / Jhanvi Surya Rantej - Ammaji 's granddaughter
Yash Dasgupta ( season 1 ) as Karan Vijay Chautala - Ammaji 's step-grandson
Shresth Kumar ( season 1 ) as Aditya Gajendar Sangwan - Ammaji 's grandson
Neelam Bhagchandani / Rishina Kandhari ( season 1 ) as Tanisha Karan Chautala - Karan 's wife
Avantika Shetty ( season 1 ) as Ragini Aditya Sangwan - Aditya 's wife
Madhurjeet Sarghi ( season 1 ) as Santosh Joginder Sangwan / Santosh Vijay Chautala - Ammaji 's ex daughter in law
Rinku Vohra ( season 1 ) as Chanda Avtaar Sangwan - Avtaar 's wife
Aryan Pandit ( season 1 ) as Rajbeer Avtaar Sangwan - Ammaji 's grandson
Nishant Shokeen ( season 1 ) as Vijay Chautala - Santosh 's second husband
Kapil Nirmal ( season 1 ) as Surya Rana Rantej Singh - Jhanvi 's husband
Winy Tripathi ( season 1 ) as Inspector Vikram Singh - Diya 's ex-fiancée
Rakesh Sharma ( season 1 ) as Yashpal - Ammaji 's bodyguard
Ankita Maheswari ( season 1 ) as Sarah Vijay Chautala - Vijay 's daughter , Santosh 's stepdaughter
Natasha Sharma ( season 1 ) as Sia Raghav Sangwan
Aditya Redij ( season 1 ) as Raghav Sangwan - Ammaji 's youngest son
Shikha Singh ( season 1 ) as Amba Sangwan - Ammaji 's daughter , Jhanvi 's adoptive mother
Harish Verma ( season 1 ) as Avtaar Dharamveer Sangwan - Ammaji 's nephew
Tarun Anand / Nissar Khan ( season 1 ) as Joginder Sangwan - Ammaji 's eldest son
Shivangi Sharma ( season 1 ) as Sunehri Gajendar Sangwan - Gajendar 's wife
Anand Goradia ( season 1 ) as Gajendar Sangwan - Ammaji 's second son
Shaikha Parween ( season 1 ) as Jhumar Dharamveer Sangwan / Jhumar Dheeraj Singh - Ammaji 's niece
Sonal Jha ( season 1 ) as Sheela Dharamveer Sangwan - Ammaji 's sister in law
Kannan Arunachalam ( season 1 ) as Dharamveer Sangwan - Ammaji 's brother
Aman Verma ( season 1 ) as Bhanu Pratap Singh - Shaurya 's father
Varun Kapoor ( season 1 ) as Shaurya Bhanu Pratap Singh - Diya 's ex-husband
Samiksha Bhatt ( season 1 ) as Lovely Shaurya Pratap Singh - Shaurya 's wife
Shabana Mullani ( season 1 ) as Bulbul Rana Rantej Singh - Rantej 's second wife/mistress
Sheeba Chaddha ( season 1 ) as Bajri Pratap Singh - Bhanu 's sister
Sharmilee Raj ( season 1 ) as Dharamveer 's Mistress
Menaka Lalwani ( season 1 ) as Rangeeli Avtaar Sangwan - Avtaar 's ex-wife
Ayam Mehta ( season 1 ) as Rana Rantej Singh - Surya 's father
Anil Lalwani ( season 1 ) as Kuldeep Rana Rantej Singh - Surya 's brother , Jhanvi 's ex-husband
Deepraj Rana ( season 1 ) as DK Vora
Pratik Mitra ( season 1 ) as Chamkila Kuldeep Singh - Kuldeep 's boyfriend
Shobhit Attray ( season 1 ) as Param Rana Rantej Singh - Surya 's brother , Jhanvi 's ex-husband
Dhruv Lather ( season 1 ) as Dheeraj Singh - Jhumar 's husband
Karmveer Choudhary ( season 1 ) as Dev 's Father
Rahul Singh ( season 1 ) as Satpal - Rantej 's right-hand man
Deeya Chopra ( season 1 ) as Sonali - Raghav 's ex-fiancée
Janvi Sangwan ( season 1 ) as Shivlaali Rana Rantej Singh - Rantej 's first wife
Deepak Sandhu ( season 1 ) as Raj
Lankesh Bhardwaj / Sanjay Bhardwaj ( season 1 ) as Kishanlal
Bhavin Wadia ( season 1 ) as Shera - Amba 's right-hand man
Rocky Verma ( season 1 ) as Contract Killer
Shahab Khan ( season 1 ) as Dr. Devi Singh - Sia 's Father
Reema Vohra ( season 1 ) as Vaidhei Devi Singh - Sia 's sister
Suraj Jadhav ( season 1 ) as Wrestler - one of the lead pehlewan
Avika Gor ( season 2 ) as Anushka Yuvraj Choudhary ( née Sangwan ) - Ammaji 's elder granddaughter
Shaleen Malhotra ( season 2 ) as Yuvraj Singh Choudhary - Anushka 's husband
Siddharth Arora ( season 2 ) as Shaurya - Juhi 's lover
Vinny Arora ( season 2 ) as Juhi Sethi - Indra 's molestation victim
Rituraj Singh ( season 2 ) as Balwant Singh Choudhary - Malhari 's husband
Zalak Desai ( season 2 ) as Komal Dharam Kriplani ( née Choudhary ) - Yuvraj 's younger sister
Charu Asopa ( season 2 ) as Kajal Kuldeep Sethi - Kuldeep 's wife
Palak Jain ( season 2 ) as Jhanvi Sangwan - Anushka 's younger sister
Ankit Raaj ( season 2 ) as Ranveer Balwant Choudhary - Rantej 's younger brother
Adhvik Mahajan ( season 2 ) as Dr. Vishal - Meera 's friend
Farida Dadi ( season 2 ) as Kavita Sethi - Juhi 's paternal grandmother
Ashu Sharma ( season 2 ) as Amrish - Shagun 's younger brother
Arjun Aneja ( season 2 ) as Kuldeep Sethi - Shagun 's son
Mamta Luthra / Unknown ( season 2 ) as Taai - Juhi 's nanny
Unknown ( season 2 ) as Bunty - Shaurya 's friend
Nasirr Khan ( season 2 ) as Advocate Dharam Kriplani - Komal 's husband
Manini Mishra ( season 2 ) as Shagun Sethi - Juhi 's stepmother
Ananya Khare ( season 2 ) as Malhari Balwant Choudhary - Balwant 's wife
Nimai Bali ( season 2 ) as Indra Baba - Malhari 's second husband
Dakssh Ajit Singh ( season 2 ) as Rantej Balwant Choudhary - Balwant and Malhari 's elder son
Saii Ranade Sane ( season 2 ) as Meera Rantej Choudhary - Rantej 's wife
Hemann Choudhary ( season 2 ) as Tej Choudhary - Dushyant 's son
Moni Rai ( season 2 ) as Dushyant Singh Choudhary - Balwant 's younger brother
Gulfam Khan ( season 2 ) as Rajjo - Balwant 's younger sister
Simran Natekar ( season 2 ) as Chunki - Dhumal 's wife
Paaras Madaan ( season 2 ) as Jai Dev
Kapil Soni ( season 2 ) as Jai 's Elder Brother
Sudipti Parmar ( season 2 ) as Jai 's Elder Brother 's Wife
Prakash ( season 2 ) as Dhumal - Saroj 's son
Meenal Kapoor ( season 2 ) as Saroj - Ammaji 's friend
References
Indian television soap operas
Amos Richard Webber ( January 21 , 1852 – February 25 , 1948 ) was an American lawyer and politician who served as a U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1904 to 1907 .
Biography
Born in Hinckley , Ohio , Webber attended the public schools of Hinckley and was graduated from Baldwin University , Berea , Ohio , in 1876 . He studied law , was admitted to the bar in 1876 and commenced practice in Elyria , Ohio . He served as prosecuting attorney of Lorain County 1884-1890 . He served as judge of the Court of Common Pleas of Lorain County 1900-1903 .
Webber was elected as a Republican to the Fifty-eighth Congress to fill the vacancy caused by the death of William W. Skiles . He was reelected to the Fifty-ninth Congress and served from November 8 , 1904 , to March 3 , 1907 .
He was an unsuccessful candidate for renomination in 1906 . He resumed the practice of law in Elyria , Ohio , and also engaged in literary pursuits .
Webber was again elected in 1922 judge of the court of common pleas , serving until his retirement in 1935 .
He died in Elyria , Ohio , February 25 , 1948 . He was interred in Ridgelawn Cemetery .
External links
Encyclopedia of Baldwin Wallace History : Amos Webber
Sources
1852 births
1948 deaths
Baldwin Wallace University alumni
People from Hinckley , Ohio
People from Elyria , Ohio
Ohio lawyers
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Maxine Trottier ( born May 3 , 1950 ) is an American-born Canadian educator and writer . She currently lives in Newfoundland .
She was born in Grosse Pointe Farms , Michigan and moved with her family to Windsor , Ontario when she was 10 . She became a Canadian citizen in 1970 . She graduated from the University of Western Ontario with a degree in education . Trottier taught elementary school for 31 years .
She writes books for young people . Her book Claire 's Gift received the . The Tiny Kite of Eddie Wing won the Canadian Library Association Book of the Year for Children Award .
She is known for writing about the history of Canada . She draws on her own mixed racial heritage as a descendant of Métis ancestors . Many of her books feature bilingual English/Mi'kmaq texts .
Selected works
Laura : A Childhood Tale of Laura Secord
Circle of Silver Chronicles
Alone in an Untamed Land
Blood Upon Our Land
Storm the Fortress : The Siege of Quebec , William Jenkins , New France , 1759
Terry Fox : A Story of Hope 2005
Awards
Canadian Children 's Book Centre ( CCBC ) Our Choice Awards selection , 1993–94 , for Alison 's House
CCBC Our Choice Awards selection , 1995-96 for The Voyage of Wood Duck
FWTAO Writers ' Award , 1996 , for The Voyage of Wood Duck
FWTAO Writers ' Award , 1995 for The Tiny Kite of Eddie Wing
Canadian Library Association Book of the Year for Children , 1996 , for The Tiny Kite of Eddie Wing
Chicago Women in Publishing first-place designation , 1997 , for A Safe Place
Marianna Dempster Memorial Award , 1998 for Heartsong
CCBC Centre Our Choice Awards selection , 1997–98 , for Heartsong
Mr. Christie 's Award , 2000 , for Claire 's Gift
Society of School Librarians International Honor Book Award for Language Arts , 2005 , for Sister to the Wolf
References
1950 births
Living people
Canadian children 's writers
Writers from Newfoundland and Labrador
Ptah ( , reconstructed ; ; ; Phoenician : 𐤐𐤕𐤇 , romanized : ptḥ ) is an ancient Egyptian deity , a creator god and patron of craftsmen and architects . In the triad of Memphis , he is the husband of Sekhmet and the father of Nefertem . He was also regarded as the father of the sage Imhotep .
Origin and symbolism
Ptah is an Egyptian creator god who conceived the world and brought it into being through the creative power of speech . A hymn to Ptah dating to the Twenty-second Dynasty of Egypt says Ptah `` crafted the world in the design of his heart , '' and the Shabaka Stone , from the Twenty-Fifth Dynasty , says Ptah `` gave life to all the gods and their kas as well , through this heart and this tongue . ''
He bears many epithets that describe his role in ancient Egyptian religion and its importance in society at the time :
Ptah the begetter of the first beginning
Ptah lord of truth
Ptah lord of eternity
Ptah who listens to prayers
Ptah master of ceremonies
Ptah master of justice
Ptah the God who made himself to be God
Ptah the double being
Ptah the beautiful face
Representations and hypostases
Like many deities of ancient Egypt he takes many forms , through one of his particular aspects or through syncretism of ancient deities of the Memphite region . Sometimes represented as a dwarf , naked and deformed , his popularity would continue to grow during the Late Period . Frequently associated with the god Bes , his worship then moved beyond the borders of Egypt and was exported throughout the eastern Mediterranean . Through dissemination by the Phoenicians , we find figures of Ptah in Carthage .
Ptah is generally represented in the guise of a man with green skin , contained in a shroud sticking to the skin , wearing the divine beard , and holding a sceptre combining three powerful symbols of ancient Egyptian religion :
The Was sceptred
The sign of life , Ankh
The Djed pillar
These three combined symbols indicate the three creative powers of the god : power ( was ) , life ( ankh ) and stability ( djed ) .
From the Old Kingdom , he quickly absorbs the appearance of Sokar and Tatenen , ancient deities of the Memphite region . His form of Sokar is found contained in its white shroud wearing the Atef crown , an attribute of Osiris . In this capacity , he represents the patron deity of the necropolis of Saqqara and other famous sites where the royal pyramids were built . Gradually he formed with Osiris a new deity called Ptah-Sokar-Osiris . Statuettes representing the human form , the half-human , half-hawk form , or simply the pure falcon form of the new deity began to be systematically placed in tombs to accompany and protect the dead on their journey to the West .
His Tatenen form is represented by a young and vigorous man wearing a crown with two tall plumes that surround the solar disk . He thus embodies the underground fire that rumbles and raises the earth . As such , he was particularly revered by metalworkers and blacksmiths , but he was equally feared because it was he who caused earthquakes and tremors of the earth 's crust . In this form also , Ptah is the master of ceremonies for Heb Sed , a ceremony traditionally attesting to the first thirty years of a pharaoh 's reign .
The god Ptah could correspond with the sun deities Re or Aten during the Amarna period , where he embodied the divine essence with which the sun god was fed to come into existence , that is to say to be born , according to the Memphite mythological/theological texts . In the holy of holies of his temple in Memphis , as well as in his great sacred boat , he drove in procession to regularly visit the region during major holidays . Ptah was also symbolized by two birds with human heads adorned with solar disks , symbols of the souls of the god Re : the Ba . The two Ba are identified as the twin gods Shu and Tefnut and are associated with the djed pillar of Memphis .
Finally , Ptah is embodied in the sacred bull , Apis . Frequently referred to as a herald of Re , the sacred animal is the link with the god Re from the New Kingdom . He even received worship in Memphis , probably at the heart of the great temple of Ptah , and upon the death of the animal , was buried with all the honours due to a living deity in the Serapeum of Saqqara .
Scholars have also associated Ptah with the Mandaean angel Ptahil outside of Egypt due to their somewhat similar features and closely related names .
Development of the cult
The cult of the god Ptah quickly spread throughout Egypt . With the major royal projects of the Old Kingdom , the high priests of Ptah were particularly sought after and worked in concert with the vizier , filling the role of chief architects and master craftsmen , responsible for the decoration of the royal funerary complexes .
In the New Kingdom , the cult of the god would develop in different ways , especially in Memphis , his homeland , but also in Thebes , where the workers of the royal tombs honoured him as patron of craftsmen . For this reason , the oratory of Ptah who listens to prayers was built near the site of Deir el-Medina , the village where the workers and craftsmen were housed . At Memphis , the role of intercessor with humans was particularly visible in the appearance of the enclosure that protected the sanctuary of the god . Large ears were carved on the walls , symbolizing his role as god who listens to prayers .
With the Nineteenth Dynasty , his cult grew and he became one of the four great deities of the empire of Ramesses . He was worshipped at Pi-Ramesses as master of ceremonies and coronations .
With the Third Intermediate Period , Ptah returned to the centre of the monarchy where the coronation of the pharaoh was held again in his temple . The Ptolemies continued this tradition , and the high priests of Ptah were then increasingly associated with the royal family , with some even marrying princesses of royal blood , clearly indicating the prominent role they played in the Ptolemaic court .
Main places of worship
Gallery
Legacy
Memphis was believed to be under the protection of the god Ptah , the patron of craftsmen . Its great temple , Hut-ka-Ptah ( meaning `` Enclosure of the ka of Ptah '' ) , was one of the most prominent structures in the city . This word entered Ancient Greek as Αἴγυπτος ( Aiguptos ) , which entered Latin as Aegyptus , and which developed into English as Egypt .
Ptah is one of the deities mentioned in Giuseppe Verdi 's opera Aida . He is invoked in a chorus , `` Possente Fthà '' ( `` O Mighty Ptah '' ) , in Act 1 , scene 2 ; this chorus is reprised as `` Immenso Fthà '' ( `` Immense Ptah '' ) , at the end of the opera as the protagonists Aida and Radamès die .
5011 Ptah is an asteroid named after the Egyptian god .
Ptah appears as a minor character in Rick Riordan 's novel The Throne of Fire . While searching for a scroll in the catacombs beneath Bahariya , protagonist Sadie Kane discovers a statue of Ptah and attempts to summon him to help them without success . Later , Ptah suddenly arrives in the body of a date farmer , having merely been delayed in his arrival . Ptah sends an army of rats to destroy an army of mummies sent to attack them the same way as Ptah had once defeated an army of invaders by having a horde of rats eat their bowstrings and sandals in myth . Ptah gives the two some advice and opens a portal for them to reunite with Sadie 's brother Carter before being forced to depart the farmer 's body .
In popular culture
See also
Kothar-wa-Khasis
Ptahil in Mandaeism
Vishvakarma
Notes
References
Literature
Allen , James P. Genesis in Egypt : The Philosophy of Ancient Egyptian Creation Accounts . New Haven , 1988 .
Gunn , Battiscombe G. Instruction of Ptah-Hotep and the Instruction of Ke'Gemni : The Oldest Books in the World . 1998 Google books
Rothöhler , Benedikt . Neue Gedanken zum Denkmal memphitischer Theologie . Heidelberg , 2006 www.ub.uni-heidelberg.de/archiv/7030
Sandman Holmberg , Maj . The God Ptah . C. W. K. Gleerup , 1946 .
Thompson , Dorothy J. Memphis Under the Ptolemies , Second Edition . Princeton , 2012 .
Zivie , Alain-Pierre . Memphis et ses nécropoles au Nouvel Empire . Éditions du CNRS , 1988
External links
Creator gods
Crafts gods
Egyptian gods
Smithing gods
Creator deities
Fertility gods
Solar gods
Blue Rose is the debut studio album by Rosemary Clooney , accompanied by Duke Ellington and his orchestra , released in mono on Columbia Records , catalogue CL 872 . Although she had appeared on albums before , it had been in the context of either a musical theater or multiple artist recording . The album also marked the return of Ellington to Columbia after an absence of four years , and was one of the first examples of overdubbing being used as an integral part of the creation , rather than for effects or to correct mistakes .
Background and content
During the early 1950s , it had been the policy of both company president Goddard Lieberson and producer Mitch Miller at Columbia to discourage their roster of popular singers from planning full albums , the LP reserved for serious work such as classical music or original cast recordings . This policy changed with the success of popular music albums on other labels , and to give the return of Ellington to the fold exposure beyond the jazz audience , producer Irving Townsend decided on pairing the Ellington band with a singer for a full album , choosing Clooney for her sultry voice and her spate of hit records throughout the decade .
The project encountered difficulty from Clooney being both on the outs with her usual producer Mitch Miller and pregnant in Los Angeles , with the Ellington Orchestra being recorded in New York . With Townsend at the helm , Clooney agreed to the project , and long-time Ellington orchestrator and musical foil Billy Strayhorn was dispatched to guide Clooney through the arrangements and recording in L.A .
Recordings of the Ellington Orchestra took place on January 23 and 27 , 1956 , at Columbia 's 30th Street Studio in New York , and Clooney 's vocals were recorded for overdubbing to the New York track on February 8 and 11 in Los Angeles . The material selected originated from the Ellington songbook , and all songs were arranged by Strayhorn . The title tune was specifically written by Ellington for the album and Clooney .
On June 15 , 1999 , Legacy Records reissued the album remastered for compact disc . Two bonus tracks were added from the sessions that were not included on the original LP , released as Columbia single 55591 `` If You Were in My Place ( What Would You Do ? ) '' and its b-side `` Just A-Sittin ' and A-Rockin ' . ''
Track listing
Personnel
Rosemary Clooney – vocals
Duke Ellington – piano
Billy Strayhorn – arranger , conductor , piano on bonus tracks
Cat Anderson , Willie Cook , Ray Nance , Clark Terry – trumpets
Quentin Jackson , Britt Woodman – trombones
John Sanders – valve trombone
Russell Procope – alto saxophone , clarinet
Johnny Hodges – alto saxophone
Jimmy Hamilton – tenor saxophone , clarinet
Paul Gonsalves – tenor saxophone
Harry Carney – baritone saxophone
Jimmy Woode – bass
Sam Woodyard – drums
References
1956 debut albums
Rosemary Clooney albums
Duke Ellington albums
Albums arranged by Billy Strayhorn
Columbia Records albums
Albums conducted by Billy Strayhorn
Albums produced by Irving Townsend
Amica is an opera in two acts by Pietro Mascagni , originally composed to a libretto by Paul Bérel ( the pseudonym of Paul de Choudens ) . The only opera by Mascagni with a French libretto , it was an immediate success with both the audience and the critics on its opening night at the Théâtre du Casino in Monte-Carlo on 16 March 1905 . Mascagni himself conducted the performance . The opera had its Italian premiere ( with an Italian libretto by Mascagni 's close collaborator , Giovanni Targioni-Tozzetti ) on 13 May 1905 at the Teatro Costanzi in Rome .
However , like many of Mascagni 's operas apart from Cavalleria rusticana , the work then fell into obscurity . The First modern recording was on 1995 for kikko classic with Katia Ricciarelli conducted by Marco Pace . One of its few revivals in modern times was on 4 August 2007 at the Festival della Valle d'Itria , using the original French libretto . ( It has been released on CD and DVD . ) In October 2008 , Opera di Roma used the Italian libretto for a new production of Amica in collaboration with Opéra de Monte-Carlo and the in Livorno .
Set in the mountains of Savoy around 1900 , Amica is a classic verismo drama . It recounts a domestic tragedy involving two brothers ( Giorgio and Renaldo ) and the woman they both love ( Amica ) .
Roles
Recordings
In Italian : Katia Ricciarelli , Fabio Armiliato , Walter Donati , Elia Padovan , Hungarian Radio and Television Symphony Orchestra & Chorus . Conductor : Marco Pace . Released 1996 . Kicco Classic 00296
In the original French : Anna Malavasi , David Sotgiu , Pierluigi Dilengite , Marcello Rosiello , Francesca De Giorgi , Festival della Valle d'Itria , Orchestra Internazionale d'Italia , Bratislava Chamber Choir . Conductor : Manlio Benzi . Digital live recording . Released 2008 . CD version : Dynamic CDS 574 . DVD version : Dynamic , distributed by Naxos , filmed at the Palazzo Ducale , Martina Franca , Italy , 4–6 August 2007 .
References
Further reading
Jellinek , George , Recording review , Opera News , November 1996
Mallach , Alan , Pietro Mascagni and His Operas , Northeastern University Press , 2002 , pp . 165–169 .
External links
Libretto in Italian , Mascagni.org
, Festival della Valle d'Itria , 2007
Background , synopsis , Roger Witts , 2011 , operastory.co.uk
Verismo operas
Operas
Operas by Pietro Mascagni
Opera world premieres at the Opéra de Monte-Carlo
1905 operas
French-language operas
Italian-language operas
Heaven Bound or Heavenbound may refer to :
Music
`` Heaven Bound '' , a 1998 song by Shana
`` Heaven Bound ( I 'm Ready ) '' , a song written by Dennis Linde and recorded by the Oak Ridge Boys in 1991
`` Heavenbound '' , a 1989 song by DC Talk from DC Talk
Heavenbound ( album ) , a 2000 album by Scarub
Other
Heaven Bound ( play ) , a morality play staged annually at the Big Bethel AME Church in Atlanta , Georgia .
Joseph Louis Benz ( January 21 , 1886 – April 22 , 1957 ) was an American pitcher in Major League Baseball from 1911 to 1919 . He played for the Chicago White Sox . Benz 's two main pitches were the spitball and the knuckleball .
Benz pitched a no-hitter for the White Sox on May 13 , 1914 , against the Cleveland Naps . He was a member of the Sox teams that reached the World Series in both 1917 and 1919 , but appeared in neither . Benz had a 7-3 record during the 1917 season and was 8-8 a year later , throwing 10 complete games . But he pitched in just one game during the 1919 season , and was not on the roster for the 1919 World Series , which was tainted by the Black Sox Scandal .
The Benz family was of German Catholic descent , Joe 's grandfather having emigrated from the Grand Duchy of Baden in 1849 .
After baseball , Benz was the custodian of a church and also worked for O'Hare Field . He died of a heart-related illness in 1957 .
References
External links
Joe Benz at SABR ( Baseball BiogProject )
1886 births
1957 deaths
American people of German descent
Baseball players from Indiana
Chicago White Sox players
Des Moines Boosters players
Green Bay Bays players
Major League Baseball pitchers
Newark Newks players
People from Dearborn County , Indiana
Victor Lindman ( born August 15 , 1995 ) is a Swedish ice hockey defenceman . He is currently playing with Linköpings HC of the Swedish Hockey League ( SHL ) .
Lindman made his Swedish Hockey League debut playing with Linköpings HC during the 2013–14 SHL playoffs .
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
Linköping HC players
Swedish ice hockey defencemen
John Marlborough East ( 1860–1924 ) was a British stage and film actor . He was an early film star who received over 3,000 votes in Picturegoer magazine 's 1916 contest to establish the `` Greatest British Film Player '' . He was a founder of the Neptune Studios in Borehamwood , which is today the site of Elstree Studios . However , his career rapidly declined . He made his final picture Owd Bob in 1924 , and died the same year .
Selected filmography
Little Lord Fauntleroy ( 1914 )
The Harbour Lights ( 1914 )
In the Ranks ( 1914 )
Enoch Arden ( 1914 )
The Little Minister ( 1915 )
The Coal King ( 1915 )
The Manxman ( 1917 )
The Woman of His Dream ( 1921 )
Kipps ( 1921 )
The Bargain ( 1921 )
The Glorious Adventure ( 1922 )
Constant Hot Water ( 1923 )
Owd Bob ( 1924 )
References
Bibliography
Sweet , Matthew . Shepperton Babylon : The Lost Worlds of British Cinema . Faber and Faber , 2005 .
External links
1860 births
1924 deaths
English male film actors
English male silent film actors
Male actors from London
20th-century English male actors
Appling County is a county located in the southeastern part of the U.S. state of Georgia . As of the 2020 census , the population was 18,444 . The county seat is Baxley .
History
Appling County is named for Lieutenant Colonel Daniel Appling , a soldier in the War of 1812 . Appling County , the 42nd county created in Georgia , was established by an act of the Georgia General Assembly on December 15 , 1818 . The original county consisted of Creek lands ceded in the 1814 Treaty of Fort Jackson and the 1818 Treaty of the Creek Agency .
On December 15 , 1824 , Ware County was formed by the Georgia General Assembly from roughly the southern half of Appling land districts 4 , 5 , and 6 , and all land districts 7 , 8 , 9 , 10 , 11 , 12 , and 13 . On December 24 , 1825 , Appling County land district 6 was added to Telfair County by an act of the Georgia General Assembly . This created an ambiguity of the border between Telfair County and Ware County that was later solved by additional legislation .
On December 8 , 1828 , Holmesville , Georgia was declared the county seat by the General Assembly . Previously , court was held at residence of William Carter Jr . In 1836 , the General Assembly appointed a seven-member commission to find a location for a more centrally located county seat than Holmesville , but were not able to come to a conclusion . The need for a more central county seat would remain a point of contention in county politics for several decades .
On December 18 , 1857 , the part of Appling County that was south of Lightsey 's Ford on Big Creek downstream to the Little Satilla River was taken from Appling County for the creation of Pierce County .
At the time of the 1850 United States Census , Appling County had a white population of 2,520 , a slave population of 404 , and 25 free people of color . By the 1860 United States Census , the county had a white population of 3,442 , a slave population of 740 , and 3 free people of color .
On August 27 , 1872 , eastern sections of Appling land districts 3 and 4 were added to Wayne County . This area included Wayne County 's current county seat Jesup , Georgia , which became the new county seat of Wayne County in 1873 . Also in August 1872 , the General Assembly called for an election in Appling County to vote on the removal of the county seat to a point along the Macon and Brunswick Railroad . The residents voted for removal and the town of Baxley , Georgia was selected as the new county seat after the election . In February 1873 , the General Assembly mistakenly passed a law giving county commissioners to sell the public lands in Holmesville so the proceeds can go to the construction of a new courthouse in Holmesville . They amended the law a year later for the new courthouse location to read Baxley as it had originally been intended .
On August 18 , 1905 , Jeff Davis County was created from western portions of Appling County and eastern portions Coffee County . On July 27 , 1914 , Bacon County was created from parts of Appling County , Pierce County , and Ware County . The remaining section of Appling County that had been located south of Little Satilla River became part of Bacon County .
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 1.0 % ) is water .
The southern two-thirds of Appling County , south of a line from Graham to Baxley , then running due east from Baxley , is located in the Little Satilla River sub-basin of the St. Marys River-Satilla River basin . The northern third of the county is located in the Altamaha River sub-basin of the basin by the same name .
Major highways
U.S. Route 1
U.S. Route 23
U.S. Route 341
State Route 4
State Route 15
State Route 19
State Route 27
State Route 121
State Route 144
State Route 169
State Route 203
Adjacent counties
Toombs County - north
Tattnall County - northeast
Wayne County - southeast
Pierce County - south
Jeff Davis County - west
Bacon County - west
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000 , there were 17,419 people , 6,606 households , and 4,855 families living in the county . The population density was 34 people per square mile ( 13/km2 ) . There were 7,854 housing units at an average density of 15 per square mile ( 6/km2 ) . The racial makeup of the county was 76.79 % White , 19.59 % Black or African American , 0.21 % Native American , 0.30 % Asian , 0.01 % Pacific Islander , 2.49 % from other races , and 0.61 % from two or more races . 4.55 % of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race .
There were 6,606 households , out of which 34.50 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 56.60 % were married couples living together , 12.50 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 26.50 % were non-families . 23.20 % of all households were made up of individuals , and 9.80 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older . The average household size was 2.60 and the average family size was 3.04 .
In the county , the population was spread out , with 27.10 % under the age of 18 , 9.00 % from 18 to 24 , 28.50 % from 25 to 44 , 23.50 % from 45 to 64 , and 11.80 % who were 65 years of age or older . The median age was 35 years . For every 100 females there were 97.10 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 93.30 males .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 30,266 , and the median income for a family was $ 34,890 . Males had a median income of $ 27,753 versus $ 18,148 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 15,044 . About 14.90 % of families and 18.60 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 23.90 % of those under age 18 and 24.40 % of those age 65 or over .
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census , there were 18,236 people , 6,969 households , and 4,894 families living in the county . The population density was . There were 8,512 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 73.4 % white , 18.6 % black or African American , 0.7 % Asian , 0.4 % American Indian , 0.1 % Pacific islander , 5.7 % from other races , and 1.1 % from two or more races . Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 9.3 % of the population . In terms of ancestry , 15.2 % were American , 9.3 % were Irish , and 8.7 % were English .
Of the 6,969 households , 35.0 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 51.9 % were married couples living together , 12.6 % had a female householder with no husband present , 29.8 % were non-families , and 26.3 % of all households were made up of individuals . The average household size was 2.56 and the average family size was 3.07 . The median age was 38.1 years .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 36,155 and the median income for a family was $ 46,005 . Males had a median income of $ 34,757 versus $ 23,829 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 18,977 . About 16.6 % of families and 22.2 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 39.0 % of those under age 18 and 13.0 % of those age 65 or over .
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census , there were 18,444 people , 6,656 households , and 4,875 families residing in the county .
Education
Communities
Cities
Baxley
Graham
Town
Surrency
Politics
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Appling County , Georgia
References
External links
GeorgiaInfo.com Appling County Courthouse info
Appling County historical marker
1818 establishments in Georgia ( U.S. state )
Populated places established in 1818
Georgia ( U.S. state ) counties
The South Korean television mystery music game show I Can See Your Voice premiered the fifth season on Mnet and tvN on January 26 , 2018 .
Gameplay
Format
Under the original format , the guest artist can eliminate one or two mystery singers after each round . The game concludes with the last mystery singer standing that depends on outcome of a duet performance with a guest artist .
Rewards
If the singer is good , he/she will have released a digital single ; if the singer is bad , he/she wins . For the premiere episode , the winning singer , regardless of being good or bad , receives a microphone trophy .
Rounds
Each episode presents the guest artist six people whose identities and singing voices are kept concealed until they are eliminated to perform on the `` stage of truth '' or remain in the end to perform the final duet .
Episodes
Guest artists
Panelists
Postseason Showcase ( April 27 , 2018 )
In the season finale , this episode includes an encore concert that featured former good singers returning to perform one last time , as well as rankings on mystery singers ' performances for the past four seasons , including the current one .
Reception
Television ratings
Sources : Nielsen Media and
Notes
References
I Can See Your Voice ( South Korean game show )
2018 South Korean television seasons
Vesletind Peak ( ) is a small peak 3 nautical miles ( 6 km ) east-southeast of Aurho Peak on the Ahlmann Ridge in Queen Maud Land . It was mapped by Norwegian cartographers from surveys and air photos by Norwegian-British-Swedish Antarctic Expedition ( NBSAE ) ( 1949–52 ) and named Vesletind , meaning `` little peak . ''
Mountains of Queen Maud Land
Princess Martha Coast
Krummerne , or The Crumbs is a Danish film series about the family Krumborg and particularly the boy 'Krumme ' ( Laus Høybye ) . They are loosely based on Thøger Birkeland 's popular children 's book series .
Krummerne was theatrically released on 4 October 1991 and despite lukewarm reviews the film was a commercial success with over 850,000 cinema admissions , becoming one of the most watched films of all time within Denmark . Notable filming took place in Kongens Lyngby and Charlottenlund .
Films
Krummerne ( The Crumbs ) – 1991
Krummerne 2 - Stakkels Krumme ( Krummerne 2 - Poor Krumme ) – 1992
Krummerne 3 - Fars gode idé ( Krummerne 3 - Father 's good idea ) – 1994
Krummerne - Så er det jul igen ( Krummerne - Then it 's Christmas again ) – 2006
Krummerne - alt på spil ( Krummerne - all at stake ) – 2014
Television series
Krummernes Jul was released as a 'TV Christmas calendar ' series broadcast on TV 2 throughout the month of December 1996 in the lead up to Christmas .
Cast
References
1991 films
1990s adventure comedy films
1990s children 's comedy films
Danish adventure films
Danish children 's films
Danish comedy films
Films about bank robbery
Films about children
Films about families
Films about friendship
Films based on Danish novels
1991 comedy films
Films directed by Sven Methling
Noel Thomas ( born ) is an English wheelchair curler .
Teams
References
External links
Living people
1980 births
English male curlers
English wheelchair curlers
Place of birth missing ( living people )
The First Amendment Coalition ( FAC ) is a nonprofit public interest organization committed to freedom of speech , more open and accountable government , and public participation in civic affairs . Founded in 1988 , FAC 's activities include `` test case '' litigation , free legal consultations on First Amendment issues , educational programs , legislative oversight of bills in California affecting access to government and free speech , and public advocacy . In 2016 , lawyer and journalist David Snyder became the organization 's executive director .
History
FAC co-authored and sponsored Proposition 59 , the Sunshine Amendment to the California State Constitution , enacted by voters in 2004 . FAC since then has enforced Prop . 59 , suing Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger to force him to make public his and his staff 's calendars of appointments , pressuring state agencies to be more transparent in their decision-making , and filing lawsuits to strengthen existing protections and establish new rights of access .
Recent suits have involved public access to government databases ; greater disclosure by CalPERS ( the state pension system ) of its investments in hedge funds , the release of Department of Justice memos analyzing drone strikes to kill American citizens abroad , private equity deals and other alternative investments ; extending government access requirements to the California court system ; and curbing agency use of the most abused FOI exemptions .
FAC 's `` Legal Hotline '' provides legal information and assistance to journalists , bloggers , ethnic media , and ordinary citizens . FAC 's web site is a key resource for statutes , cases , `` FAQs , '' news and analysis on First Amendment and freedom of information issues in California . Many portions are available in Spanish and Mandarin for use by ethnic media .
FAC holds regular events across California to discuss free speech issues and has hosted annual conferences with its partners the USC Annenberg School for Communication and Journalism and the University of California , Berkeley Graduate School of Journalism . Past speakers have included Jeffrey Toobin , Stuart Taylor , Jr. , Arianna Huffington , Daniel Ellsberg , NSA General Counsel Robert Deitz , former NY Times reporter Judith Miller , First Amendment lawyer Floyd Abrams , investigative reporter Seymour Hersh , Commentary Magazine editor Gabriel Schoenfeld , Internet journalism pioneer Dan Gillmor , and leading media lawyers from around the country . FAC has also published `` The Right to Know : A Guide to Public Access and Media Law , '' ( 2007 ) , a comprehensive handbook on FOI , First Amendment and news-gathering law .
FAC 's members are news organizations , law firms , libraries , civic organizations , academics , freelance journalists , bloggers , community activists , and ordinary citizens . Members and supporters are kept abreast of legal issues through FAC 's newsletter—a combination of original commentaries and summaries of news and legal developments . FAC 's views reach a larger audience through republication of its commentaries in newspapers across the state , as well as television and radio appearances by its executive director .
FAC is nonpartisan and politically non-ideological . Membership spans the political spectrum , from liberals who worry about excessive government secrecy to conservatives who see big government as a threat to individual liberties . All support freedom from censorship , whether from the left or the right , and government transparency .
The Coalition receives significant institutional support from the Jonathan Logan Family Foundation , the Craig Newmark Philanthropic Foundation , Will Hearst , and the Central Valley Foundation in California . FAC and Peter Scheer , its former executive director , were acknowledged both regionally and nationally through receipt of the Eugene S. Pulliam First Amendment Award . and the James Madison Freedom of Information Award in 2006 .
FAC 's board of directors is led by Duffy Carolan , partner at Jassy Vick Carolan LLP . Members consist of representatives of `` old '' media ( e.g. , Carol Melamed , former vice-president of Government Affairs at the Washington Post ( retired ) , Martin Reynolds , co-founder of Oakland Voices , which trains residents to serve as community correspondents , and Hal Fuson , Attorney , Former Executive Vice President , The Copley Press , Inc. ) , `` new '' media ( e.g. , Richard Gingras , Sr Director of News & Social Products , Google and Dan Gillmor , Knight Center , Cronkite School of Journalism , University of Arizona , Phoenix ) , representatives of public interest organizations ( e.g. , Nate Cardozo , Senior Staff Attorney at the Electronic Frontier Foundation ) , as well as academics and First Amendment lawyers .
See also
County of Santa Clara v. California First Amendment Coalition
References
External links
http : //www.firstamendmentcoalition.org/
Government watchdog groups in the United States
Civil liberties advocacy groups in the United States
Freedom of expression organizations
Organizations established in 1988
Transparency ( behavior )
Freedom of information in the United States
Gŭ ( ) is a Chinese surname meaning `` old '' or `` ancient . ''
Notable people
Gu Long , pen name of Xiong Yaohua ( 7 June 1938 – 21 September 1985 ) , a Chinese novelist , screenwriter , film producer and director based in Taiwan
Leo Ku is a Hong Kong Cantopop and Mandopop singer , actor , TV host , model , cartoonist , MV director , and producer and designer
Ku Chin-shui ( Chinese : 古金水 , 1960–2016 ) was an Amis Taiwanese decathlete and pole vaulter
Gu Li ( Chinese : 古力 ; Pinyin : Gǔ Lì ; born February 3 , 1983 ) is a Chinese professional Go player
Louis Koo ( 古天樂 ; born 21 October 1970 ) is a Hong Kong actor and film producer
Koo Sze-yiu ( 古思堯 ; born 1949 ) is a Hong Kong activists and policticans
Victor Koo or Gu Yongqiang ( Chinese : 古永鏘 ; pinyin : Gǔ Yǒngqiāng ) served as president Sohu.com before leaving to co-found video website Youku
Chinese-language surnames
Individual Chinese surnames
Going Into the City : Portrait of a Critic as a Young Man is a 2015 memoir by American music critic Robert Christgau .
Content
According to NPR , the memoir `` takes the reader through the music that inspired [ Christgau 's ] career , the women who sharpened his work over the years , and a childhood spent in Queens , where he learned from the DJ who gave rock 'n ' roll its name . '' Christgau also pays tribute to the influence of his wife and fellow writer , Carola Dibbell . `` Her aesthetic responsiveness was unending '' , he wrote . `` No one affected my writing like Carola . ''
Critical reception
Writing for the New York Times , Dave Itzkoff gave the book a favorable review , saying , among other things , that the chapter about Christgau and his wife 's difficulties conceiving a child was `` surely one of the book 's most touching sections . '' Henry Hauser of Consequence of Sound compared the book favorably to Christgau 's reviews , saying they were both `` dense , tight , and brimming with insight . '' Writing for The Guardian , Joanna Scutts said that in the book , Christgau `` embraces '' the challenge of `` saying something new and distinctive ... with undimming energy . ''
References
External links
2015 non-fiction books
Dey Street books
American memoirs
Books by Robert Christgau
Velie Nunatak ( ) is a nunatak located 9 nautical miles ( 17 km ) north of Mount Moses in the Hudson Mountains . It was mapped by the United States Geological Survey ( USGS ) from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos , 1960–66 , and named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names ( US-ACAN ) for Edward C. Velie , a meteorologist at Byrd Station , 1967 .
Hudson Mountains
Nunataks of Ellsworth Land
Volcanoes of Ellsworth Land
The following is a list of the people ( only men , as of 2014 ) that have fulfilled the role of mayor or its temporal equivalent in the Transylvanian city of Brașov . Entries followed by a cross sign ( † ) mean that the respective person deceased while in office .
Beginnings to the 19th century
Since the Saxon settlement in Transylvania carried out by Hungarian king Géza II in the late 12th and early 13th centuries , their records have been a very important source of information ( such as the following ) about affairs in the region at the time , that would otherwise have been lost . The following section presents , in chronological order , the people that have held the title of `` judge '' ( `` judex civitatis '' in Latin ; head of the city administration 's main structure , the Magistrate ) since the earliest of these records ( but almost a century and a half after the colonization ) , up to the 19th century , time during which the administration has hardly changed .
Judges
Nicolaus filius Pauli olim iudex , prior to 1360
Jacobus iudex , 1364 , 1368 , 1380 , 1387
Johannes Sydenswancz , 1397–1398 , 1403–1406 , 1412
Valentinus Godfridi iudex , 1413 , 1415 , 1419
Nicolaus Wyroch , 1420
Valentinus Godfridi iudex , 1424
Simon Revdel , 1425
Valentinus Godfridi iudex , 1427
Georgius dictus Burger , 1435
Petrus Anthonii iudex , 1439–1440
Georgius iudex , 1444
Petrus comes , alias iudex , prior to 1447
Caspar Craus , alias iudex , prior to 1455
Georgius , condam iudex , prior to 1456
Georg Lang , iudex , 1462
Laurentius Pereczswthew , 1467
Petrus Revel , iudex , 1475
Petrus Werek , 1483
Petrus Kewel , 1484
Symon Sartor , 1488
Bartholomeus Schunkabunk , 1494
Simon Sartor , 1497
Petrus Beer ( Vrsinus ) , 1499–1500
Georgius Ewthwes , 1502
Johannes Schirmer , 1506–1507
Matthias Funifex ( Zeler ) , 1509–1510
Johannes Benkner , 1511–1513
Johannes Schirmer , 1514
Johannes Benkner , 1515 , 1517–1518
Hanns Balwes , 1519
Johannes Benkner , 1520–1521
Hans Schirmer , Richter , 1522
Johannes Benkner , 1523
Valentinus Cheres , 1524
Clemens Weyrauch , 1525–1526
Peter Engel , 1527
Lucas Hirscher , 1528–1539
Martinus Drauth , 1540
Lucas Hirscher , până la 19.04.1541
Johannes Fuchs , 1541–1544
Vincentius Schneider , 1545–1546
Johannes Benkner , 1547–1548
Vincentius Schneider , 1549 2
Johannes Benkner , 1550–1552
Simon Goldschmidt , 1553
Michael Roth , 1554
Johannes Benkner , 1555–1560
Lukas Hirscher , 1561–1562
Simon Goldschmidt , 1563
Lukas Hirscher , 1564
Johannes Benkner , 1565
Simon Goldschmidt , 1566
Lukas Hirscher , 1567–1568
Johann Graeff , 1569–1570
Lukas Hirscher , 1571–1589
Cyrillus Greißing , 1590
Johannes Fuchs , 1590–1591
Cyrillus Greißing , 1592–1594
Johann Chrestels , 1595
Cyrillus Greißing , 1595
Valentin Hirscher , 1596–1604
Johannes Draudt , 1605–1607
Matthias Fronius , 1608–1609
Johannes Draudt , 1609–1611
Michael Weiß , 1612
Johannes Draudt , 1613
Johannes Greißing , 1614
Johann Chrestels , 1615–1619
Johannes Draudt , 1620
Johann Chrestels , 1621–1624
Daniel Fronius , 1625–1627
Christianus Hirscher , 1628–1629
Michael Goldschmidt , 1630–1632
Christianus Hirscher , 1635
Michael Goldschmidt , 1639
Christianus Hirscher , 1641
Michael Herrmann , 1647 , 1654–1655
Michael Goldschmidt , 1657–1658
Michael Herrmann , 1659–28.08.1660 ( † )
Joseph Bolthosch , 1661
David Czako , 1662–1663
Simon Drauth , 1664
David Czako , 1665
Georgius Chrestels , 1666–1667
David Czako , 1668
Georgius Chrestels , 1669
David Czako , 1670–1672
Simon Dietrich , 1673–1674
David Czako , 1675–1676
Simon Dietrich , 1677–1679
Georgius Drauth , 1680–1685
Michael Filstich , 1686–1688 3
Simon Draudt , 1689–1690
Michael Filstich , 1691
Simon Drauth , 1692
Michael Filstich , 1693
Johannes Mankesch , 1694–24.11.1699 ( † )
Georgius Jeckel , 1700
Andreas Rheter , 1701–19.01.1707 ( † )
Georgius Jeckel , până la 28.08.1708 ( † )
Bartholomeus Seuler , 1709–1710
Georgius Drauth , 1711–1714
Stephan Filstich , 1715–1717
Georgius Drauth , 1718–1719
Stephan Filstich , 1720
Georgius Drauth , 1721
Stephan Filstich , 1722–1723
Georgius Drauth , 1724–1727
Stephan Filstich , 1728–1732
Lucas Seuler M.D. , 1733
Stephanus Filstich , 1734–1736
Samuel Herberth , 1737–1740
Paulus Chrestels , 1741–1742
Samuel Herberth , 1743–1744
Paulus Chrestels , până la 26.12.1745 ( † )
Samuel Herberth de Herbertsheim , 1746–1747
Martinus Closius , 1748–29.09.1749 ( † )
Christoph von Seewaldt , 1751–1754
Johann Seuler von Seulen , 1755–1757
Andreas Tartler , 1758–1769
Joseph Traugott de Schobeln , 1770–1777
Michael Enyeter , 8.10.1778–26.09.1781
Joseph Traugott de Schobeln , 27.09.1781–9.08.1783 ( † )
Michael Fronius , 21.08.1783–18.04.1786
Joseph August Drauth , 1.06.1786–1789
Johann Theophil Wentzel , 27.05.1789–1790
Michael Traugott Fronius , 23.04.1790–28.06.1799 ( † )
Georg Franz Clompe , 29.07.1799–31.10.1822
Mid-19th century to World War I
Superior judges
Johann Jakob Mylius , 1.11.1822–21.05.1832 ( † )
Johann Georg de Trauschenfels , 21.05.1832–24.08.1841 ( † )
Joseph Wentzel , 25.10.1841–1846
Johann Georg von Albrichsfeld , 10.12.1846–6.12.1854
Mayors
Franz von Schobeln , 6.12.1854–3.03.1859
Friedrich Fabritius , 3.03.1859–23.04.1861
Superior judges of the city and of the district
Friedrich Fabritius , 23.04.1861–1868
Georg Dück , 1.02.1869–31.12.1871
Karl Schnell , 1.01.1872–18.12.1876 ( retired )
Mayors
Johann Gött , 26.10.1876–1.12.1879 ( retired )
Franz Brenner von Brennerberg , 19.11.1879–28.05.1896 ( retired )
Karl Jacobi , 15.06.1896–20.07.1898 ( retired )
Franz Hiemesch , 1.10.1898–4.04.1911 ( † )
dr. Karl Ernst Schnell 10.07.1911–28.08.1916
dr. Gheorghe Baiulescu , 29.08.1916–08.10.1916
dr. Karl Ernst Schnell , 9.10.1916–1926 *
Early 20th century
Following the World War I , Brașov , along with Transylvania , became part of the Romanian Kingdom .
Delegate mayors
Dr. Carol Schnell ( delegate mayor ) , 1918 – 1926
Emil Socaciu ( delegate mayor ) , 1926
Mayors
Dr. Constantin Moga , 1926 – 1928 ; start of local administration in the Romanian language
Dr. Carol Schnell ( mayor 's endorser ) , 1928 ( 1.09 – 16.10 )
Dr. Sterie Stinghe , 1928 – 1929
Gheorghe Cuteanu , 1929 – 1931
Presidents of the interimary committee
Iuliu Suciu , 1931 – 22.06.1932
Dr. Ioan Garoiu , 22.06.1932 – 15.10.1932
Dr. Cornel Voicu ( mayor ) , 1932 – 21.03.1934
Dr. Filimon Bogdan , 21.03.1934 – 31.08.1934
C. Dumitrescu Pârvu , 31.08.1934 – 24.05.1935
Dr. Tarquiniu Priscu , 1935 – 1938
Dr. Ioan Latciu ( delegate mayor ) , 6.01.1938 – 11.02.1938
Dr. Virgil Voicu ( delegate mayor ) , 13.02.1938 – 17.02.1938
World War II and communist rule
Military delegates
Lt. Col. Victor Nanu , 18.02.1938 – 1940
Pending Victor Nanu , other military personnel have taken up the role of mayor until the end of the war .
Mayors of the communist regime
Cucu Alexandru , 1945 – 1948
Tasedeanu Stefan , 1948 – 1949
Jiga Vasile , 1949 – 1950
Bujoreanu Florea , 1950 – 1952
Goga , 1952 – 1954
Cadar Alexandru , 1954 – 1955
Halga Sabin , 1955 – 1956 5
Cadar Alexandru , 1956 – 1958
Caraba Vicentiu , 1958 – 1960
Moldovan Pavel , 1960 – 1961
Dumitrescu Gheorghe , 1961 – 1967
Huluban Nicolae , 1967 – 1968
Cârtîna Constantin , 1968 – 1971
Sutu Gheorghe , 1971 – 1974
Dumitrache Gheorghe , 1974 – 1977
Draghici Ioan , 1977 – 1984
Calancea Dumitru , 1984 – 1987
Cioboiu Adrian , 1987 – 1989
Recent years
Post-communist delegate mayors
Sălăjan Cornel , 1990
Costin Marius , 1990 – 1991
Chiosa Vasile , 1991
Gonţea Ion , 1991 – februarie 1992
Mayors
Starting in 1992 , mayors of the city as well as local counsellors are publicly elected every 4 years .
Adrian Moruzi , 1992–1996
Ioan Ghişe , 1996–2004
George Scripcaru , 2004–2020
Allen Coliban , 2020–present
References
All information has been extracted from the Brașov city hall 's official website publication located at the link below . Part of the information was compiled by local historian Gernot Nussbächer and published in his 1999 book `` Kronstadt '' .
Gernot Nussbächer , Kronstadt ( 1999 )
https : //web.archive.org/web/20170630062124/http : //brasovcity.ro/documente/municipiu/primarii-brasovului.pdf
Brasov
The Shay Building located at 202 S. Broadway Ave. in Sterling , Kansas , was built in 1906 . It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2010 .
It is a two-story corner building at Broadway and Monroe Street in Sterling .
References
Commercial buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Kansas
Late 19th and Early 20th Century American Movements architecture
Buildings and structures completed in 1906
Rice County , Kansas
1906 establishments in Kansas
The Infanta Catarina ( 1436–1463 ) ; ( ; ) was a Portuguese infanta ( princess ) , daughter of King Edward of Portugal and his wife Eleanor of Aragon .
Life
Catherine was born in Lisbon on 26 November 1436 . Like her sisters Joan and Eleanor she was considered ambitious , shrewd and willful . She was promised to marry Charles IV of Navarre but he died before the marriage could take place and her brother , after securing the marriages of her sisters to the King of Castile and the Holy Roman Emperor , had no further need of marriage alliances with other houses . Thus , Catherine turned to a religious life in the Convent of Saint Claire . She was a cultivated infanta author of many books regarding morality and religion . She died on 17 June 1463 and is buried in Lisbon at the Carmo Convent .
Ancestry
References
1436 births
1463 deaths
House of Aviz
People from Lisbon
15th-century Portuguese writers
15th-century Portuguese women writers
Daughters of kings
Lantier is a village and municipality in the Laurentides region of Quebec , Canada , part of the Les Laurentides Regional County Municipality .
Demographics
Population trend :
Population in 2011 : 828 ( 2006 to 2011 population change : 0.4 % )
Population in 2006 : 825
Population in 2001 : 654
Population in 1996 : 631 ( or 634 when adjusted for 2001 boundaries )
Population in 1991 : 680
Private dwellings occupied by usual residents : 370 ( total dwellings : 762 )
Mother tongue :
English as first language : 8.6 %
French as first language : 88.3 %
English and French as first language : 0 %
Other as first language : 3.1 %
Education
Sainte Agathe Academy ( of the Sir Wilfrid Laurier School Board ) in Sainte-Agathe-des-Monts serves English-speaking students in this community for both elementary and secondary levels .
References
Incorporated places in Laurentides
Municipalities in Quebec
In duplicate bridge , a caddy is an assistant to the tournament director with primary responsibility for :
collecting ( score slips ) after each round where required by the event format , and
moving boards between tables .
In addition , the caddy dresses the tables ( putting out the boards , electronic scoring devices or score slips , pencils and private score sheets ) , picks up player entry forms and generally assists the Director as required .
References
Contract bridge card play
Nautiliniellidae is a family of polychaetes belonging to the order Phyllodocida .
Genera :
lascarpia
Iheyomytilidicola
Laubierus
References
Phyllodocida
Kenny Ewell Marchant ( born February 23 , 1951 ) is an American politician who served as the U.S. representative for , from 2005 to 2021 . A member of the Republican Party , he represented several areas around Dallas and Fort Worth .
On August 5 , 2019 , Marchant announced that he would not seek re-election to Congress in 2020 . He was succeeded by fellow Republican Beth Van Duyne .
Early life , education and career
Marchant was born in Bonham , Texas , but grew up in Carrollton , a Dallas suburb . He graduated from R.L . Turner High School in Carrollton and attended college at Southern Nazarene University ( SNU ) in Bethany , Oklahoma , at which he graduated with a Business Administration degree . He worked as a real estate developer and he owned a homebuilding company prior to entering politics .
Marchant served on the Carrollton City Council from 1980 to 1984 , and was mayor of Carrollton from 1984 to 1986 , both nonpartisan positions .
Texas House of Representatives
He was a member of the Texas House of Representatives from 1987 to 2004 . During three of his nine terms in the Texas House , Marchant served as chairman of the Committee on Financial Institutions . He pushed for legislation that reorganized the Texas Banking Code . In 2002 , he was chosen as Chairman of the Texas House Republican Caucus . In 2004 , he was named a Top Ten Legislator by Texas Monthly and Legislator of the Year by the Texas Municipal League .
U.S. House of Representatives
Committee assignments
Committee on Ways and Means
Subcommittee on Oversight
Subcommittee on Select Revenue Measures
Committee on Ethics ( Ranking Member )
Marchant was also a member of the Republican Study Committee , the Tea Party Caucus and the U.S.-Japan Caucus .
In the 110th Congress , Marchant served on the United States House Committee on Financial Services , Committee on Education and Labor , and Oversight and Government Reform Committee .
Political positions
Marchant worked closely with Bush when he was governor of Texas , and bills himself as a staunch conservative . However , he has occasionally broken ranks with the GOP , as he did to increase the minimum wage . He has said that his top priority on Capitol Hill will be cutting the federal deficit with fiscal conservative policies . In 2017 , he voted for the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act . Marchant expressed opposition to the proposed `` Green New Deal '' resolution in 2019 , alleging that it would cost up to $ 93 trillion without having any effect on the global climate .
Marchant cosponsored legislation H.R . 1503 to amend the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 to require candidates for the presidency `` to include with the campaign committee 's statement of organization a copy of the candidate 's birth certificate '' plus supporting documentation . Introduced without the Republican leadership being informed , Florida Today commented that the bill `` stems from fringe opponents of President Barack Obama who , during the 2008 election campaign , questioned whether Obama was born in Hawaii . ''
On December 18 , 2019 , Marchant voted against both articles of impeachment against Trump . Of the 195 Republicans who voted , all voted against both impeachment articles .
Texas v. Pennsylvania
In December 2020 , Marchant was one of 126 Republican members of the House of Representatives who signed an amicus brief in support of Texas v. Pennsylvania , a lawsuit filed at the United States Supreme Court contesting the results of the 2020 presidential election , in which Joe Biden prevailed over incumbent Donald Trump . The Supreme Court declined to hear the case on the basis that Texas lacked standing under Article III of the Constitution to challenge the results of the election held by another state .
Political campaigns
During the 2003 Texas redistricting , the 24th District , represented by 13-term Democrat Martin Frost , was reconfigured to be significantly more Republican . The old 24th had covered mostly Democratic areas around Dallas , Fort Worth , and Arlington . However , the reconfigured district shed its portions of Arlington and Fort Worth , replacing them with more suburban and Republican territory around Dallas . Had the district existed in 2000 , George W. Bush would have won it with 68 percent of the vote .
Marchant ran for the redrawn district and was elected to Congress in 2004 . He was reelected in 2006 ( with 60 % of the ballots cast ) and 2008 ( with 56 % of the ballots cast ) . In 2014 he joined the newly founded Friends of Wales Caucus .
Marchant won his seventh term in the House in the general election held on November 8 , 2016 . With 154,845 votes ( 56.2 percent ) , he defeated Democrat Jan McDowell , who received 108,389 ( 39.3 percent ) . Two other candidates held the remaining 4.5 percent of the ballots cast .
Marchant narrowly won his eighth term in the House in the general election held on November 6 , 2018 . With 133,317 votes , 50.6 % , with Democrat Jan McDowell receiving 125,231 votes , 47.5 % . The margin of victory of 3.1 % over his Democratic opponent was a marked reduction from the same campaign between the two in 2016 , with a difference of 16.9 % then . Libertarian Mike Kolls received 4,870 votes , 1.8 % .
Personal life
Marchant is married to Donna Marchant and has four children and seven grandchildren . They live in Coppell , a Dallas suburb . Marchant 's son Matthew Marchant is a former mayor of Carrollton , Texas .
References
External links
|-
|-
|-
|-
1951 births
21st-century American politicians
Activists from Texas
American members of the Church of the Nazarene
Living people
Mayors of places in Texas
Members of the Texas House of Representatives
People from Bonham , Texas
People from Carrollton , Texas
People from Coppell , Texas
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Texas
Southern Nazarene University alumni
Tea Party movement activists
Texas city council members
Elizabeth Balfour may refer to :
Elizabeth Balfour , Countess of Balfour ( 1867–1942 ) , English politician , suffragette , and peeress
Betty Balfour ( 1903–1977 ) , English actress
Anandghan was a 17th-century Jain monk , mystical poet and hymnist . Though very little is known about his life , his collection of hymns about philosophy , devotion and spirituality in vernacular languages are popular and still sung in Jain temples .
Life
There is no historical information available about life of Anandghan . The majority of information is based in hagiographies and oral history .
He was born in Rajputana ( now Rajasthan , India ) . His dates differ according to sources . Generally 1603 or 1604 is accepted but he could have born before 1624 according to some estimation . His childhood name was Labhanand . He was initiated as Jain monk and named Labhavijay . He might belong to Tapa Gaccha branch of Murtipujaka Svetambara Jainism but Jain monastic hierarchy does not mention him . He might have lived as ascetic not associated with any organized ascetic branches . He stayed in the area of present-day north Gujarat and Rajasthan in India . Legends associate him with Mount Abu and Jodhpur . He is associated with Yashovijay also and said to have met him . He could have died in Medata in Rajasthan as a hall is dedicated to him is there . His death dates vary according to sources . Generally accepted dates are 1673 or 1674 but could have died before 1694 .
Works
His language is mix of vernacular languages like Gujarati , Rajasthani and Braj . It follows Rajasthani style of diction but is written in medieval Gujarati . It was the time when Bhakti movement was at peak and the majority of devotional poets of time wrote in such vernacular languages . His works are focused bhakti ( devotion ) as well as internal spirituality .
Anandghan Chauvisi is the philosophical treatises which supposed to contain twenty four hymns but contains twenty two . Other two hymns were later added by others . Each verse is dedicated to one of twenty four Jain tirthankaras . The legend tells that he composed these hymns in Mount Abu during his meet with Yashovijay who memorised them .
Anandghan Bahattari is the anthology of hymns which differs in a number of hymns according to different manuscripts . This anthology was formed by 1775 and was transmitted orally as well as the written manuscripts . It contains pada ( verses ) with different ragas . Some of these verses drawn from other poets like Kabir , Surdas , Banarasidas and others .
Legacy
Yashovijay , the philosopher Jain monk , was influenced by him . He wrote commentary on Chauvisi and also wrote eight verse Ashtapadi dedicated to him .
His hymns are still popular in followers of Jainism as well as non-Jains because they are nonsectarian in nature and put emphasis on internal spirituality . They are sung in Jain temples . They are found in religious hymn collections especially in the collection of Digambara hymns even though he is associated with Svetambara sects . A religious camp organized by Shrimad Rajchandra Mission of Rakesh Jhaveri in 2006 at Dharampur , Gujarat had lectures on Chauvisi . Mahatma Gandhi included his hymn , `` One may say Rama , Rahman , Krishna or Shiva , then '' in Ashram Bhajanavali , his prayer book .
A Gujarai play Apoorav Khela ( 2012 ) based on his life was produced by Dhanvant Shah and directed by Manoj Shah .
Further reading
Notes and references
Note
References
External links
Anandghan on Jainpedia
Jain philosophy
17th-century Indian philosophers
17th-century Indian poets
Indian Jain monks
17th-century Indian Jains
17th-century Jain monks
17th-century Indian monks
Śvētāmbara monks
Callimetopus pulchellus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae . It was described by Schultze in 1922 . It is known from the Philippines .
References
Callimetopus
Beetles described in 1922
Batrachorhina grisea is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae . It was described by William Lucas Distant in 1905 . It is known from South Africa .
References
Batrachorhina
Beetles described in 1905
In optimal control , problems of singular control are problems that are difficult to solve because a straightforward application of Pontryagin 's minimum principle fails to yield a complete solution . Only a few such problems have been solved , such as Merton 's portfolio problem in financial economics or trajectory optimization in aeronautics . A more technical explanation follows .
The most common difficulty in applying Pontryagin 's principle arises when the Hamiltonian depends linearly on the control , i.e. , is of the form : and the control is restricted to being between an upper and a lower bound : . To minimize , we need to make as big or as small as possible , depending on the sign of , specifically :
If it is positive at some times , negative at others and is only zero instantaneously , then the solution is straightforward and is a bang-bang control that switches from to at times when switches from negative to positive .
The case when remains at zero for a finite length of time is called the singular control case . Between and the maximization of the Hamiltonian with respect to gives us no useful information and the solution in that time interval is going to have to be found from other considerations . ( One approach would be to repeatedly differentiate with respect to time until the control u again explicitly appears , though this is not guaranteed to happen eventually . One can then set that expression to zero and solve for u . This amounts to saying that between and the control is determined by the requirement that the singularity condition continues to hold . The resulting so-called singular arc , if it is optimal , will satisfy the Kelley condition :
Others refer to this condition as the generalized Legendre–Clebsch condition .
The term bang-singular control refers to a control that has a bang-bang portion as well as a singular portion .
References
External links
Control theory
Optimal control
Rho Islands ( ) is a group of small islands and rocks which lie immediately north of Lambda Island in the Melchior Islands , Palmer Archipelago . The name , derived from the 17th letter of the Greek alphabet , appears to have been first used on a 1946 Argentine government chart following surveys of these islands by Argentine expeditions in 1942 and 1943 .
See also
List of Antarctic and sub-Antarctic islands
Islands of the Palmer Archipelago
Jésus Konnsimbal ( born 3 March 1992 ) is a Central African football forward who currently plays for AS Saint-Priest .
Club career
FC ViOn Zlaté Moravce - Vráble
Konnsimbal made his professional Fortuna Liga debut for ViOn Zlaté Moravce - Vráble against Tatran Prešov on 20 August 2016 .
References
External links
Eurofotbal profile
Futbalnet profile
1992 births
Living people
Central African Republic footballers
Central African Republic expatriate footballers
Central African Republic international footballers
Association football forwards
ŠK Senec players
FC VSS Košice players
FC ViOn Zlaté Moravce players
Slovak Super Liga players
2 . Liga ( Slovakia ) players
People from Ouham-Pendé
Expatriate footballers in Slovakia
Central African Republic expatriate sportspeople in Slovakia
Expatriate footballers in France
Central African Republic expatriate sportspeople in France
AS Pélican players
is a fictional character in the Dragon Ball media franchise . Created as part of a collaborative process between Arc System Works and Akira Toriyama , Android 21 makes her debut appearance in the 2018 fighting game Dragon Ball FighterZ published by Bandai Namco Entertainment , where she serves as a main villainess . The character has received
a very positive reception , and has since appeared in other licensed Dragon Ball video games .
Concept and design
Both the publisher Bandai Namco Entertainment and developer of Dragon Ball FighterZ Arc System Works marketed Android 21 as being created or designed by Akira Toriyama when the character was first unveiled in promotional and marketing material for FighterZ in September 2017 . One of the trailers used the wording , `` Original character supervised by Akira Toriyama , '' which was interpreted by Kyle Hilliard from Game Informer as an implication that while Toriyama may not have drawn her for the game , he is involved in her visual direction and conception . The developers later clarified in an interview that they came up with
the game 's story on their own and created the framework for what kind of character Android 21 would be , while Toriyama designed her within said parameters . The developers sought Toriyama 's input as they wanted a slick design for a character that would transform , in the hope that Toriyama 's involvement with the game 's visuals would generate interest and bring in prospective fans . According to producer Tomoko Hiroki , Toriyama was informed about the game 's plot and what the developers wanted in the character , such as her gender and her personality , and he would be left to draw the character as he saw fit . Toriyama took the suggestions about Android 21 into account and finalized her design , but was not involved in any direct input into her story . The game itself was noted by Toriyama to be an official part of the overall Dragon Ball canon .
Arc System Works staff indicated in an interview about the developmental process for Dragon Ball FighterZ that they wanted to create an original story for Dragon Ball FighterZ because the events of the original series have been retrodden several times by other licensed video games ; the introduction of an original villainous character is intended to add a fresh element to the game 's story . Android 21 was concepted to be a Red Ribbon Bio-Android as part of the developer 's take on maintaining a connection to the original series ' themes while creating something new , and as a female character since the Dragon Ball series have had few female villains throughout its decades-long history , while her ability to shapeshift into an alternate form at will also differentiates her from notable series villain Cell . Her connection to the Red Ribbon Army and its series of Androids created by Doctor Gero was highlighted in media coverage ; for example , a trailer showed a cutscene where she assists an injured Android 18 , and calls herself a researcher for the Red Ribbon Army . Hiroki indicated that the character is highly intelligent , as emphasized by her lab coat and glasses , possibly more so compared to Doctor Gero . Android 21 's ability to transform is derived from a suggestion by Shueisha , the publisher of the Jump magazine line which serializes the Dragon Ball manga .
Abilities
As she possesses the genetic material of various powerful characters in the series much like Cell , Android 21 is depicted as a very formidable being with superhuman strength , endurance , and speed . She is noted to have two forms with distinct personalities , one being her human form , and the other is her true form which is reminiscent of Majin Buu , with a similar pink skin palette and style of clothing .
Android 21 can fly and create energy beams using her ki . Like Buu , Android 21 is capable of transforming objects or living things by shooting an energy beam at the target , typically rendering them as confectionery or other sweet foods to feed her ravenous hunger . She is also capable of copying and emulating the abilities and powers of other characters by stabbing her targets with an energy blade projected from her hand .
Appearances
Within the main story mode for Dragon Ball FighterZ , Android 21 is initially presented as a mysterious scientist who works for the Red Ribbon Army , and is somehow connected to a mysterious anomaly which renders various Dragon Ball series characters powerless , as well as the appearance of hostile cloned versions of series characters . Her backstory and true nature is gradually revealed through the progression of the game 's narrative , and is featured as the final boss in each of the game 's three story arcs . Android 21 is the central focus of the third and final story arc left in the game 's rotation , where she ends up being split into two separate entities : a benevolent one who retains most of Android 21 's original personality , and a malevolent one whose sole desire is to consume all life . It is later revealed that she is originally based on a human female , who had a son with Doctor Gero named Gevo , the model for Android 16 's design . In another instance , 21 is noted to be a new type of Bio-Android , similar to Cell but superior in power . She is unlocked as a playable character for all game modes once the story mode is completed . A second playable version of Android 21 , using her human design and her lab coat attire , was added via downloadable content in February 2022 .
Android 21 and the cloned enemy characters from Dragon Ball FighterZ are featured in the animated opening credits of the Super Dragon Ball Heroes : World Mission update for the Dragon Ball Heroes digital card game , but have yet appeared in the promotional anime itself . Within the Super Dragon Ball Heroes game , she is featured in boss fights which are part of the World Mission subplot . The character 's other video game appearances include Dragon Ball Z : Dokkan Battle , Dragon Ball Legends , and as downloadable content for Dragon Ball Xenoverse 2 .
In Dragon Ball Z : Kakarot , the player may encounter a character simply known as `` Female Researcher '' , who is identical in appearance to Android 21 's human form and her late human base ; chronologically , Kakarot is set prior to the events of FighterZ . She serves as a vendor who aids the player characters ' training to become stronger .
The 2022 film Dragon Ball Super : Super Hero reveals the name of Android 21 's human base to be , still the wife of Dr. Gero . Vomi is briefly sighted during a media presentation by senior members of the reconstituted Red Ribbon Army as they attempt to recruit her surviving grandson , Dr. Hedo .
Promotion and merchandise
Android 21 has been subject to merchandise . Two action figures have been produced , one as part of the Dragonball S.H . Figuarts line , and another by Megahouse as part of their Dragon Ball Gals line , respectively .
Reception
Upon her reveal , Android 21 has received particular attention due to her distinctive visual design by Toriyama . She became a popular subject for cosplay activities by Dragon Ball fandom . Brittany Vincent from Shacknews described her as `` a powerhouse of a character '' who players will love to defeat their opponents with . Mike Fahey found the story mode for Dragon Ball FighterZ to be surprisingly good , and thought highly of Android 21 as a `` delightful new character '' who eats the warriors she transforms into snack foods . Chris Moyes from Destructoid said Android 21 is a `` femme-fatale scientist '' who won over many fans with her debut appearance , praising her `` great visual design , complex moveset and mischievous-but-deadly personality '' , as well as her ability to turn her enemies into desserts as a good party trick . Comicbook.com staff highlighted her status as a female character who can physically compete with the predominantly male cast of characters in the Dragon Ball series . Nick Valdez from Comicbook.com , praised Android 21 for her `` great character design '' , as well as her `` compelling story that makes her stand out from other villains in the series '' . He argued that Android 21 is the one aspect of FighterZ that Dragon Ball fans love `` above all else '' , and that she should be properly introduced into the series canon . Commenting on her appearance in the animated opening credits of World Mission in a April 2018 post , Valdez was of the view that `` while this may not be the full anime debut of the character as fans were expecting , it does show how well the character makes the jump to animation '' .
The second playable version of Android 21 has been met with a divisive response from the fighting game community . Some players criticized the character 's gameplay as being unbalanced and claimed that the opportunity to play as the character in competitive matches , particularly in serious tournaments , has led to declining interest and investment in FighterZ from high profile professional players .
References
Anime and manga characters who can move at superhuman speeds
Anime and manga characters with superhuman strength
Dragon Ball characters
Cyborg supervillains
Female supervillains
Female video game villains
Fictional characters with energy-manipulation abilities
Fictional characters without a name
Fictional gynoids
Fictional hybrids
Shapeshifter characters in video games
Video game bosses
Video game characters introduced in 2018
Video game characters designed by Akira Toriyama
Woman soldier and warrior characters in video games
The 1990 Harrow Council election took place on 3 May 1990 to elect members of Harrow London Borough Council in London , England . The whole council was up for election and the Conservative party stayed in overall control of the council .
Background
Election result
Ward results
References
1990
1990 London Borough council elections
Stefan Edberg and Petr Korda were the defending champions , but lost in the first round to Gary Muller and Danie Visser .
Nicklas Kulti and Magnus Larsson won the title by defeating Yevgeny Kafelnikov and Daniel Vacek 3–6 , 7–6 , 6–4 in the final .
Seeds
Draw
Finals
Top half
Bottom half
References
External links
Official results archive ( ATP )
Official results archive ( ITF )
Doubles
Michael G. Summers ( born November 19 , 1972 ) is a former State Delegate for District 47 in Prince George 's County , Maryland , elected in 2010 and then defeated during the 2014 Democratic Primary . He was born in and he lived in Cheverly , Maryland .
Education
Summers graduated from Eastern Guilford High School in Gibsonville , North Carolina . He received his B.A . ( history ) from North Carolina Agricultural and Technical State University in 1997 .
Career
In the legislature
Serving in Prince George 's County delegation from January 12 , 2011 to January 14 , 2015 , Summers was a member of Legislative Black Caucus of Maryland , the Green Caucus and the Ways and Means Committee .
Past elections
2010 Race for Maryland House of Delegates – 47th District
Voters to choose three :
{ |class= '' wikitable ''
|-
! Name
! Votes
! Percent
! Outcome
|-
|-
|Jolene Ivey , Democratic
|14,404
| 35.4 %
| Won
|-
|-
|Michael G. Summers , Democratic
|12,337
| 30.3 %
| Won
|-
|-
|Doyle L. Niemann , Democratic
|11,925
| 29.3 %
| Won
|-
|-
|Rachel Audi , Republican
|1,853
| 4.6 %
|
|-
|-
|Anthony Cicoria , Democratic ( Write in )
|63
| 0.2 %
|
|-
|Other write-ins
|87
| 0.2 %
|
|-
| }
2014 Race for Maryland House of Delegates – 47A District ( Democratic Primary )
Voters to choose two :
{ |class= '' wikitable ''
|-
! Name
! Votes
! Percent
! Outcome
|-
|-
|Jimmy Tarlau , Democratic
|2,728
| 26.7 %
| Won
|-
|-
|Diana Fennell , Democratic
|2,416
| 23.7 %
| Won
|-
|-
|Michael Summers ( Incumbent ) , Democratic
|1,740
| 17.1 %
|
|-
|-
|Malcolm Augustine , Democratic
|1,688
| 16.6 %
|
|-
|-
|Joseph Solomon , Democratic
|1,627
| 16 %
|
|-
| }
References
1972 births
Living people
Members of the Maryland House of Delegates
North Carolina A & T State University alumni
People from Cheverly , Maryland
Maryland Democrats
21st-century American politicians
Tomás O'Neill y Salmón ( 5 October 1764 – unknown ) was a Spanish colonial governor of the western Caribbean archipelago of San Andrés , Providencia and Santa Catalina , today part of modern Colombia .
O'Neill was the son of an Irish father and Canarian mother His family background made him bilingual and this ability would influence and aid his later career . He would be the interpreter on board the Spanish expedition sent to expel the English speaking population of the archipelago in 1789 . He himself having arrived in the New World nine years prior to this at the young age of 16 . Rather than their expulsion ( agreed to by the colonial powers under the Treat of Versailles and the Convention of 1786 ) he would be instrumental in not only helping secure the position of the existing inhabitants ( English speaking Protestants ) , but would become their Governor and have a significant impact on the islands at a pivotal time in their history .
Early life and career
Tomás Francisco O'Neill y Salmón was born in Puerto de la Orotava , today Puerto de la Cruz , Tenerife , on October 5 , 1764 to Patricio O'Neill ( 28 April 1740 - 18 April 1768 ) and Catalina Salmón . Puerto de la Cruz was part of the municipality of La Orotava at this time . His father , Patricio or Patrick was a native of Waterford Ireland , and was a vice consul for the British . He had arrived in Tenerife three years prior to his marriage to Catalina , which took place in January 1764 . Patrick had close connections with the network of Irish merchants operating from Tenerife , including the wealthy Cologan family . His Mother , Catalina was born in Tenerife , though it´s possible both her parents , Thomas Salmón and Catalina ( Catherine ) Comerford were Irish . It is likely Tomás O'Neill was named after his maternal grandfather Thomas Salmón , though this was not the only thing they had in common , as Thomas Salmón was known to have acted as an interpreter in Tenerife . Sadly both O´Neill´s parents died when he and his brother Enrique were young and both were raised by their Aunt , María Salmón .
O'Neill was raised on the Canarian Island of Tenerife , by his Aunt on his Mother 's side of the family , María Salmón . Leaving his native Tenerife he first tried his luck in the English speaking new world , spending two and a half years in Charleston South Carolina . However it would be in the Spanish speaking New World where he would pursue his career .
Together with his brother Enrique , he served in the Spanish military in the last two decades of the 1700s , and in the early years of the 1800s . Tomás O'Neill served in the Regimiento de Infanteria Fijo de Cartagena in Cartagena de Indias , together with Enrique . In 1791 Tomás was a lieutenant in the sixth company of the first battalion .
Tomás O'Neill arrives on San Andrés
In December 1789 , O'Neill , at the age of 25 , was part of a Spanish mission under captain Juan de Gastelú to the islands of San Andrés and Providence in the western Caribbean . He was a lieutenant and interpreter . Coming from Irish heritage he did speak English , although Ireland itself in the 1700s remained a bilingual country . The aim of the mission was to enforce the terms of the Treaty of Versailles by evacuating all non-Spanish settlers from Spanish territories . This included the San Andrés Archipelago , Corn Islands and the Miskito coast . O'Neill 's bilingual skills were necessary as San Andrés , at that time , was populated with English speaking landowners , their families and slaves . Some of the settlers left San Andrés prior to the Spanish missions arrival however others remained . `` On December 21 , 1789 , the mission arrived in San Andrés . At dawn , Gastelú summoned the inhabitants and ordered them to evacuate , giving them until April 1790 , four months to collect and transport their belongings '' .
It seems that O'Neill did more than interpret and in fact assisted in the mediation process between the Spanish Crown forces and the Islanders '' . O´Neill assisted in formulating the petition to the Spanish authorities for the Islanders to remain on the islands with the promise that they would be loyal subjects . `` Compunct the inhabitants sent to Cartagena as their representative , the Irishman Lorenzo Thine with their pleas to the Crown '' . This petition was funneled through the Viceroy Antonio Caballero y Góngora .
Governorship
In 1792 Madrid acquiesced to the Islanders remaining and in 1795 O´Neill was appointed as governor of the islands and promoted to the rank of captain . The islands would fall under the jurisdiction of the Captain-General of Guatemala . This remained the situation until 1803 , when per a request from O'Neill ( with the support of the islanders ) , the islands ( together with the Miskito Coast ) were transferred to the Viceroyalty of Nueva Granada , and thus they came under the administration of Cartagena . This change was , of course , significant , as in essence , this is why , they are today part of Colombia . The Miskito Coast was transferred back to Guatemala in 1806 . The American geographer James J. Parsons characterized O'Neill 's rule as one of a `` benevolent dictator '' and that in O'Neill , the Islanders had a champion before the Spanish Court . His detractors have accused him of being an opportunist and of essentially being an eighteenth-century lobbyist , having a habit of writing letters requesting appointments for himself and promotion . O'Neill 's connections with the Spanish Court were through his network in Cartagena and the Canaries . He followed a pragmatic policy regarding the hispanisation of the existing population and an even more lax attitude to trading restrictions imposed against trading with non-Spanish ports in the western Caribbean . The islands were supposed to only trade with Cartagena and Trujillo in Honduras .
He was not dogmatic in imposing Catholicism taking a soft approach to the issue , preferring islanders as `` buenos herejes no como malos católicos '' . However it does seem he himself was a devout Catholic . In 1797 O´Neill , asked the Spanish Crown to send two Catholic priests for the attention of the faithful in San Andres . He justified his request by lamenting in a letter that even his own wife and nine others had died without the last spiritual help , nor the reception of the holy oils . A Catholic priest was appointed and sent from the mainland in 1803 on a salary of 30 pesos a month and a church was constructed with funds from the Royal Treasury and Royal Coffers in Cartagena .
His pragmatic approach also extended to economic activities . O'Neill may not only have overlooked trading in contraband , but in fact have participated in such activities . Especially in interactions with his business partner on the mainland , his father-in-law , Agustin de Alfaro in León de Nicaragua . It has been argued that O´Neill lobbied for the removal of the islands from the jurisdiction of Guatemala , to that of Nueva Granada ( Catagena ) in order to keep authorities above him at a distance . Leaving these accusations aside , he did provide a stable government on the islands and regularized land ownership on the islands , granting titles to land parcels to the islanders . The economy thrived and the population grew under his tenure . He appointed alcaldes ( mayors ) and brought to San Andrés its first school teacher . His jurisdiction was , of course , an archipelago yet O'Neill tended to focus his attention on the island of San Andrés and left the islands of Providencia and Santa Catalina in the hands of Francis Archbold . The latter , a settler of Scottish heritage had come from Jamaica and had been instrumental in the resettlement of the two more northern islands . Between 1798 and 1800 , O´Neill was recalled to the continent ( he married there in 1800 ) for reasons relating to the outbreak of new hostilities between Spain and Great Britain . The authorities believed the islands would be difficult to defend and O'Neill 's abilities would be better utilized in Guatemala . During his absence in 1799 , San Andrés experienced a slave uprising . He returned to San Andrés in 1801 . In his absence , Torquiel Bowie , an islander , stood in as his replacement . On his return he was welcomed back as he was viewed by the islanders as a `` kind , enterprising and progressive man '' he however seemingly found the island in disarray . Overall his policy with the continent was one of engagement . He established good relations with the King of the Miskito Coast . Indeed one of his last acts as governor was to sign a treaty with the Coast and its King , Stephen ( Regent , 1800–1816 ) .
British invasion
On 26 March 1806 Captain John Bligh arrived on the H.M.S . Surreyance with 144 sailors and soldiers . With only around 30 soldiers in the island 's garrison , O´Neill was persuaded to surrender . Bligh thus took control of the islands . He transported O'Neill to the continent and dropped him , his brother Enrique , a priest , and his men on a beach near Cartagena . As he had surrendered to Bligh , he was court-marshalled by the authorities , but was subsequently acquitted . O'Neill returned to the Islands on the 17th of October 1807 . Bligh having left the islands poorly defended , O'Neill and his military force took back the islands for Spain .
Resignation
O'Neill continued as Governor until he resigned in 1810 citing ill health . There are a number of theories on O'Neill 's resignation . Some argue that having returned to Cartagena ( against his will ) O'Neill had become aware of the winds blowing in the direction of revolution against Spanish rule . The invasion had damaged his administration 's infrastructure and there were limited financial resources to restore this . Despite promotion for himself and a government salary , funding of O'Neill 's administration seemed to have been problematic . In that the higher authorities had instituted special tax concessions and tax exemptions on commercial activities which adversely impacted the financing of his administration .
Personal life and family
Tomás O'Neill and his brother Enrique served the Spanish Crown in Cartagena de Indias and `` became part of the elite of the city through two fortunate marriages '' . Unfortunately , Tomás 's fortunate marriage was to end when his wife died on San Andrés , as he lamented in a letter in 1797 that there was no priest on the island to give her the last rights . He did marry again , to María Manuela Alfaro de Monterroso in 1800 the daughter of Agustín de Alfaro his business agent in León ( modern day Nicaragua ) . O´Neill did have a daughter , Ann Eliza ( 1817-1862 ) who would grow up and marry Philip Beekman Jr. A man who also would have a significant impact on the history of the Archipelago .
Little is known about Enrique O'Neill ( 2 February 1766 – unknown ) . He came to the Americas under Tomas 's patronage and acted as captain of the guard ( this was made up of around 30 soldiers ) in San Andrés . It 's highly likely he was named after his paternal grandfather , a Henry O'Neill ( 10 September 1721 - unknown ) back in Waterford . Enrique it seems also married well in Cartagena . The O'Neill brothers did have a sister , Juana Maria , born on 15 April 1767 . However other than a baptismal record no other records of her have come to light .
Little is also known regarding Tomás O'Neill 's activities after he stood down as governor . He did have a daughter , born in 1817 , seven years after he stood down . We also know that in 1822 Tomás O'Neill was on the island council , and that one of the signatures of a document proclaiming the Archipelago´s loyalty to Colombia , was in that same year , signed by him .
References
Spanish colonial governors and administrators
History of Colombia
Spanish people of Irish descent
1764 births
People from Puerto de la Cruz
Interpreters
18th-century Spanish military personnel
Kishori Godbole is a Marathi TV and film actress . She is the daughter of Marathi singer Jaywant Kulkarni . She is known for her role as Mrs. Vibhavari Suhaas Tendulkar in Mrs Tendulkar . She is also a well known theater actress of many plays . She played the character of Shobha in Sachin Pilgaonkar 's TV series Hudd Kar Di , aired on Zee TV . Currently , she is playing Bayaza Maa in Sony TV 's show Mere Sai - Shraddha Aur Saburi .
Television
Filmography
References
External links
Kishori Godbole at Bollywood Hungama
Living people
Actresses in Hindi cinema
Indian television actresses
Actresses in Marathi cinema
21st-century Indian actresses
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Voronovytsia ( ) is an urban-type settlement in Vinnytsia Raion of Vinnytsia Oblast in Ukraine . It is located on the banks of the Voronka , a left tributary of the Southern Bug . Voronovytsia hosts the administration of Voronovytsia settlement hromada , one of the hromadas of Ukraine . Population :
Economy
Transportation
Voronovytsia railway station is on the railway connecting Vinnytsia and Haisyn . There is infrequent passenger traffic .
M30 highway which connects Vinnytsia and Kropyvnytskyi runs through the settlement .
References
Urban-type settlements in Vinnytsia Oblast
The Edmonton Pedway system is a network connecting office buildings , shopping centres , and parkades in downtown Edmonton , Alberta , Canada . It consists of approximately of year-round climate-controlled tunnels , and walkways between the second floors of buildings , approximately above ground . The main network connects more than 40 buildings and parkades , and three of the five Edmonton Light Rail Transit ( LRT ) stations in the downtown area .
The Pedway system is integrated with public transit via climate controlled access to LRT stations .
Linked to Churchill station :
Revera The Churchill-Active Retirement Living
Canada Place
Edmonton Convention Centre
Citadel Theatre
Stanley A. Milner Library
Westin Hotel
Royal Alberta Museum
Art Gallery of Alberta
Chancery Hall
Edmonton City Hall
Provincial Court of Alberta
John E Brownlee Building
Edmonton City Centre mall ( East building )
Sandman Signature Edmonton Downtown Hotel
MNP Tower
Bell Tower
Stantec Offices/Bell Tower Parkade
Edmonton Tower
JW Marriott Edmonton Ice District & Residences
Rogers Place
Stantec Tower
Linked to Central station :
ATB Place
Scotia Place
Commerce Place
Manulife Place
Edmonton Journal building
Edmonton City Centre mall ( West building )
Royal Bank building
Linked to Bay/Enterprise Square station :
Canadian Western Bank Place
Enterprise Square
Throughout the city , there are some independent connections between buildings that are not linked to the wider system , as well as shorter tunnels leading from the surface directly to transit . Notable examples include connections to the Alberta Legislature Buildings that leads to Government Centre station , and networks connecting buildings at the University of Alberta , MacEwan University , and Northern Alberta Institute of Technology . MacEwan University and Northern Alberta Institute of Technology are entirely traversable indoors through extensive pedways and building interconnectivity .
References
External links
Map of Downtown Edmonton Pedways .
Buildings and structures in Edmonton
Pedways in Canada
Transport in Edmonton
Skyways
The Wild Tchoupitoulas is a 1976 album by the New Orleans Mardi Gras Indian tribe The Wild Tchoupitoulas . While not a commercial success , the effort was well received critically and the experience recording it encouraged the four Neville brothers to perform together for the first time as a group .
Background
The word Tchoupitoulas is derived from the name of an Indian tribe and is believed to mean `` those who live at the river '' . According to Library of Congress , `` Since the 19th century , bands of African-Americans in New Orleans have masqueraded as American Indians during Mardi Gras . They wear elaborate , homemade costumes planned and constructed throughout the year preceding the celebration , and take to the streets chanting merry boasts about their tribes . Their music is one of the many rich strands of New Orleans music , and Indians themselves are celebrated in many songs originating in the city . ''
Music and lyrics
The album features the `` call-and-response '' style chants typical of Mardi Gras Indians . Vocals were provided by George Landry , as `` Big Chief Jolly '' , as well as other members of his Mardi Gras tribe . Instrumentation was provided in part by members of the New Orleans band The Meters . The album also notably features Landry 's nephews , the Neville Brothers , providing harmonies and some of the instrumentation . Meaningful of the geographic location of New Orleans as a Caribbean city , `` Meet de Boys on the Battlefront '' is based on the melody and rhythm of Trinidadian calypso artist Lord Invader 's 1943 `` Rum and Coca-Cola '' made famous in the U.S. by The Andrews Sisters in 1944 .
Critical reception
In 2012 , the album was added to the U.S. Library of Congress ' National Registry , a designation of `` cultural , artistic and historic importance to the nation 's aural legacy . ''
Reviewing in AllMusic , Stephen Erlewine ranked the album among New Orleans greats and wrote : the group `` locks into an extraordinary hybrid that marries several indigenous New Orleans musics , with swampy , dirty funk taking its place in the forefront . There are only eight songs , and they are all strung together as if they 're variations on the same themes and rhythms . That 's a compliment , by the way , since the organic , flowing groove is the key to the album 's success . ''
Robert Christgau placed the album on his top six New Orleans classics list . He called the music `` ecstatic '' and `` celebratory '' . Reviewing in Christgau 's Record Guide ( 1981 ) , he wrote : `` Here we have eight songs about dressing up in Indian costume on Mardi Gras ; many of them are also about fighting with other Indians . You 've probably heard the [ Louisiana Creole ] before , and maybe the irresistible melodic elements , too , although I ca n't tell any more , because I 've played this 'repetitive ' record so many times it sounds like where they all started ( which it may be ) . For a while , I believed side two inferior , but eventually a longing for 'Big Chief Got a Golden Crown ' set in and now I prefer it for listening . Side one is the best non- ( or anti- ) disco dance music in years . ''
Track listing
All tracks composed by George Landry , except as noted .
Personnel
Credits adapted from AllMusic , Discogs and Louisiana Music Factory .
Composition and arrangement
George Landry – composer
Art Neville – arrangement
Charles Neville – arrangement
Vocals and tribe roles
Big Chief Jolly – George Landry
Second Chief – Norman Bell
Trail Chief – Booker T. Washington
Flag Boy – Candy Hemphill `` Carl '' Christmas
Spy Boy – Amos Landry
Performance
Art Neville – keyboards , background vocals , producer , composer ( track 4 )
Charles Neville – percussion , background vocals , producer
Cyril Neville – congas , background vocals , composer ( tracks 1 , 8 )
Aaron Neville – piano , background vocals
Ziggy Modeliste – drums , composer ( track 4 )
Leo Nocentelli – guitar , composer ( track 4 )
George Porter , Jr. – bass , composer ( track 4 )
Teddy Royal – guitar
Willie Harper – background vocals
Production
Allen Toussaint – producer
Marshall Sehorn – producer
Roberta Grace – engineer
Ken Laxton – engineer , remastering , remixing
Paul A. Howrilla – album jacket design and photography
Carleatis – artwork
Photographique Studios – design
Ruth Kaplan – CD art adaptation
See also
Rumble : The Indians Who Rocked the World
Further reading
Archive
References
The Wild Tchoupitoulas albums
1976 debut albums
Albums produced by Allen Toussaint
Mango Records albums
Albums recorded at Sea-Saint Studios
United States National Recording Registry recordings
United States National Recording Registry albums
James French ( born 4 July 1953 ) is the former chairman and CEO of the airline Flybe . He owned approximately 7 % of the overall business .
History
French began his aviation career in 1970 with Caledonian Airways , before joining AirUK in 1980
French first joined Flybe in 1990 , when it was known as Jersey European Airways ; becoming commercial director shortly after . He subsequently became deputy Chief Executive and Chief Operating Officer . In 2001 , French became chief executive of Flybe and became chairman in 2005 .
French retired as CEO of Flybe in August 2013 and became non-executive chairman . Saad Hammad , formerly of EasyJet airline , became CEO and Simon Laffin became Chairman .
Awards
French was appointed a CBE in 2009. and is a Deputy Lieutenant of Devon .
References
1953 births
Living people
British chief executives
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
Deputy Lieutenants of Devon
Big Brother 17 is the seventeenth season of various versions of television show Big Brother and may refer to :
Big Brother 17 ( U.S. ) , the 2015 edition of the U.S. version
Big Brother 17 ( UK ) , the 2016 edition of the UK version
Gran Hermano 17 , the 2016 edition of the Spanish version
Big Brother Brasil 17 , the 2017 edition of the Brazilian version
John Bradford Fisher ( born 1953 ) is an American plastic surgeon who pioneered suction fat removal , or liposuction .
Liposuction
Fisher was one of the first American authors to present the concept of selective fat removal without traditional skin resection . Published in 1981 with Dr. Bahman Teimouran , this article first introduced fat removal exclusively with suction through a tube called a cannula—a modified fascia lata harvesting instrument that did not disrupt the overlying skin attachments ( `` tissue arcade preservation '' ) . The concept of selective fat removal was previously introduced and presented by a number of independent European surgeons : Schruder , Georgio Fischer , Meyer and Kesselring , Fournier , and Illouz . Prior to the 1981 publication , the procedure—later termed liposuction—was not commonly performed . The safety of the procedure was enhanced by the use of fluid infusion , termed tumescence , a concept formulated by Dr. Andrew Klein .
Career
In 1982 , Fisher enlisted in for the United States Navy ; in 1983 , he became one of the youngest Chiefs of Department of Plastic Surgery at the National Naval Medical Center , and was appointed Assistant Professor of Surgery at the Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences . Fisher also served as consultant in plastic and reconstructive surgery at the National Institutes of Health , and was head of the Cleft Lip and Palate Clinic and Melanoma Skin Cancer Clinic . He was also a consultant in hand surgery for the Department of Orthopedics , and in Microscopic-Assisted Peripheral Nerve Surgery for the Department of Neurosurgery .
As a Clinical Fellow in Surgery at the Columbia University College of Physicians and Surgeons and St. Luke's-Roosevelt Hospital Center in New York City , Fisher co-authored one of the first textbook presentations on body image . Psychological considerations in plastic surgery , and the resultant overt changes in self-esteem , were not clearly identified and continue to be an unpredictable aspect of physical changes brought about by cosmetic surgery .
Fisher was a contributing and consulting editor to Plastic Surgery Products Magazine between 1995 and 2006 , authoring contributions on such diverse subjects as `` A Layman 's Guide to Lasers '' ( 1995 ) , `` The Perioperative Guide to Cosmetic Surgery '' ( 1996 ) , `` The Phenol Peel : The Secret of Youth in Croton Oil '' , and `` Liposuction : Do 's and Don'ts '' .
References
External links
Living people
American surgeons
1953 births
Nurul Islam Bablu popularly known as Nurul Haque , is a Bangladeshi actor , known for his acting debut in the film Matir Moina , directed by Tareque Masud , which became Bangladesh 's first film to compete for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film in 2002 . For this film he won a National Film Awards in Best Child Artist category in 2002 .
Career
Bablu got his acting breakthrough in Tareque Masud 's film Matir Moina in 2002 .
Filmography
Awards and nominations
References
External links
Living people
20th-century Bangladeshi male actors
Bangladeshi male film actors
Best Child Artist Special Category National Film Award ( Bangladesh ) winners
1996 births
Lawrence `` Lo '' Leathers ( November 23 , 1981 – June 2 , 2019 ) was an American jazz drummer who played on two of Cécile McLorin Salvant 's albums that have won Grammy Awards for Best Jazz Vocal Album .
Biography
Leathers are born in Lansing , Michigan . He began to play professionally at the age of 15 and moved to New York after accepting a place at the Juilliard School . He is featured on two of Cécile McLorin Salvant 's recordings , “ For One to Love ” ( 2015 ) and Dreams and Daggers ( 2017 ) , both of which won Grammy Awards for Best Jazz Vocal Album .
Leathers are best known to a global jazz audience for his affiliations with pianist Aaron Diehl . Diehl 's trio includes Paul Sikivie on bass and Leathers on drums . The trio is often fronted with Jazz vocals by Cécile McLorin Salvant .
Featured by Capsulocity in 2012 , he talks about what influences his music before he became a drummer for jazz musicians such as Mulgrew Miller , Wynton Marsalis , Wycliffe Gordon , Cyrus Chestnut and Rodney Whitaker .
Death
Leathers are killed during a domestic dispute with his girlfriend Lisa Harris on June 3 , 2019 at his home in New York . Harris and Sterling Aguilar were arrested in connection with his death , with allegations that Harris restrained Leathers and Aguilar punched and choked him .
References
1981 births
2019 deaths
Musicians from Lansing , Michigan
American jazz drummers
Ernst Paul Theodor Schüz ( 24 October 1901 – 8 August 1991 ) was a German ornithologist and a curator at the natural history museum in Stuttgart .
Schüz was born in Markgröningen where his namesake father was a pastor . His mother was Elise Weitbrecht . After schooling at the Charles Gymnasium in Stuttgart , he went on to study at the University of Tübingen . He went on to study at the University of Berlin under Erwin Stresemann , receiving a doctorate in 1927 . His research was on powder down feathers . He worked at the natural history museums at Hanover and Dresden and worked at the Rossitten bird observatory from 1929 under Oskar Heinroth . From 1936 he headed the Rossitten observatory and organized coordinated ringing studies on white storks and grey herons . He also conducted experiments on migration , orientation , and physiology in starlings along with Werner Rüppell and Paul Putzig . In 1943 he was drafted into the war . After the war he established the Radolfzell ornithological observatory along with Nikolaus von Bodman . Schüz helped integrate the observatory into the Max Planck Society . in 1959 . From 1959 he served as director of the State Museum of Natural History at Stuttgart . He was an honorary professor at the University of Stuttgart .
Schüz 's early work was on migration and he published an atlas of bird migration in 1931 along with Hugo Weigold . In 1942 he was asked to evaluate a proposal ( Storchbein Propaganda or `` stork-leg propaganda '' ) by Heinrich Himmler to use storks reared in Rossiten for German war propaganda . They were to carry propaganda to be delivered to the Boers in South Africa . Schüz pointed out that the recovery rate was less than 1 % which meant that more than 1000 storks would be needed to deliver about 10 leaflets which led the idea to be shelved . He later worked on demographics , physiology , and conservation . One of Schüz 's important experimental studies was on white storks . Schüz 's predecessor and founder of the Rossiten observatory , Thienemann , had found that birds that bred in eastern Prussia migrated southeast while those to the west migrated to the southwest . Schüz took young storks from the eastern part of this migratory divide and moved them to the western side and found that they took a southwesterly route and apparently followed the adults . He however conducted another experiment where the young were released only after all the adults had migrated and found that the eastern storks raised in the west chose an apparently innate southeasterly route .
He married Tabitha Brenner in 1926 who died in 1941 shortly after the birth of their son . He married Hanna Steinheil in 1944 .
References
German ornithologists
1901 births
1991 deaths
On April 21 , 1985 , Eastern Airlines Flight 494 was operating a domestic flight from Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport ( ATL ) to Piedmont Triad International Airport ( GSO ) with a McDonnell-Douglas DC-9 . Shortly after takeoff , the flight experienced an uncommanded deployment of reverse thrust on the # 2 engine . Flight 494 is one of the few recorded instances of an aircraft recovering safely from unintentional deployment of reverse thrust on one engine during flight .
Flight
Shortly after takeoff from Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport , Eastern Airlines Flight 494 experienced an unintended deployment of reverse thrust of the # 2 engine . This caused the aircraft to quickly experience an uncontrolled roll to the right . Captain James Robertson and First Officer J.L . Bellmer shut down the # 2 engine and were able to regain control of the aircraft while still in a turn , just a few knots before stalling . The crew was then able to return to Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport by conducting a standard single-engine landing . At the time , there was no training provided or available for identifying or recovering from an unintentional deployment of reverse thrust .
Aircraft
The aircraft involved was a McDonnell Douglas DC-9-31 manufactured with line number 274 in 1968 for Eastern Air Lines registered as N8948E , placing the aircraft at 17-years-old during the incident .
About two years after Eastern Airlines flight 494 , on December 27 , 1987 , the aircraft was damaged beyond possibility of repair after experiencing a hard landing at Pensacola Regional Airport , Florida . The fuselage broke open just behind the wings causing the aircraft to stop with the tail section resting on the runway .
Investigation
The engine reverse thrust systems are activated and deactivated hydraulically . The hydraulic system controlling the reverse thrust of engine # 2 had failed , causing the clam-shell thrust reversers to catch the oncoming airflow , which was strong enough to pull the reverse thrust clamshells out . The safety mechanisms for preventing accidental deployment were also found to be defective .
An unintentional deployment of reverse thrust on one engine during a commercial flight typically results in complete loss of control due to the sudden opposing forces from the engines on each side . However , the crew was able to quickly identify the cause and quickly cut fuel to the engine , eliminating the reverse forces on one side . The aircraft landed safely with one engine operating . First Officer J.L . Bellmer and Captain James Robertson both received the Airline Pilots Association Superior Airmanship award for their efforts in saving the aircraft .
Events of Reverse Thrust Deployment in Flight
November 23 , 1964 , a Boeing 707-331 operating as Trans World Airlines flight 800 experienced unexpected thrust reverser deployment during its take-off roll at Roma-Fiumicino Airport , Italy . The crew aborted take off where the aircraft began veering off the runway , struck a pavement roller , and ignited in flames killing 50 .
July 4 , 1966 , a McDonnell Douglas DC-8-52 conducting a training flight for Air New Zealand had the no . 4 engine thrust reverser deploy while simulating an engine failure on take off . Two of the five on board were killed .
February 9 , 1982 , Japan Air Lines flight 350 crashed just before landing at Haneda Airport after the captain of the flight intentionally deployed the thrust reversers . The captain was found to have paranoid schizophrenia , resulting in the captained being ruled not guilty by reason of insanity . Out of the 174 souls on board , 24 were killed .
May 26 , 1991 , a Boeing 767-300 operating as Lauda Air Flight 004 also experienced an uncommanded reverse thrust deployment while cruising . This caused the aircraft to spin and stall , killing all 223 souls on board .
References
Airliner accidents and incidents caused by mechanical failure
Accidents and incidents involving the McDonnell Douglas DC-9
Aviation accidents and incidents in 1985
The 2019–20 season is Banfield 's 7th consecutive season in the top division of Argentine football . In addition to the Primera División , the club are competing in the Copa Argentina and Copa de la Superliga .
The season generally covers the period from 1 July 2019 to 30 June 2020 .
Review
Pre-season
The first player to announce his departure from Banfield was left-back Adrián Sporle , who agreed a move to Dundee United of the Scottish Championship on 13 June 2019 . Adrián Calello followed Sporle out the door , as the defensive midfielder rejoined Huracán on 19 June . Esteban Conde 's arrival from Nacional was set on 20 June , following the goalkeeper 's exit from the Uruguayan outfit being confirmed a day before . Banfield met Victoriano Arenas in back-to-back friendlies on 22 June , with the first encounter ending in a four-goal victory before the second ended goalless . Jonás Gutiérrez made his unofficial bow against Victoriano Arenas , having been signed days prior . He was followed to the club by Hernán Toledo ( Deportivo Maldonado ) and Israel Damonte ( Huracán ) .
Their second pre-season encounter took place on 26 June against Argentino , as they again scored four unanswered goals with Hernán Toledo netting on his first appearance ; Banfield , like with Victoriano Arenas , faced Argentino twice , with the other fixture ending in a 1–1 draw . Chacarita Juniors of the second tier were beaten 2–1 on 29 June in the first of two friendlies , as Agustín Fontana netted twice to take his pre-season goal tally to five ; game two ended in defeat . A number of players loaned in/out in the previous campaign returned on and around 30 June . Nicolás Silva departed on 1 July as he joined Argentinos Juniors . Banfield made it four wins from pre-season on 3 July , defeating Arsenal de Sarandí 3–0 ; a secondary meet ended goalless at the Estadio Florencio Sola .
Luciano Lollo was snapped up on loan from River Plate on 6 July . A 0–0 draw and a 2–3 loss occurred on 9 July in a friendly with Patronato . Banfield and Vélez Sarsfield swapped victories in friendlies on 13 July . Sebastián Dubarbier put pen to paper with Banfield on 13 July , having previously played in the Spanish Segunda División for Deportivo La Coruña . Sergio Vittor , a centre-back from Racing Club , was loaned in by Hernán Crespo on 17 July . Emanuel Coronel ( Brown ) and Michael López ( Fénix ) were loaned out on 19 July , as Denis Brizuela headed to Villa Dálmine . Another loan deal was confirmed on that date , with Facundo Altamirano going to Buenos Aires ' Estudiantes . Banfield fought Atlético Tucumán twice on 20 July , winning 1–0 and drawing 2–2 .
Julián Carranza was sold to Major League Soccer 's Inter Miami on 26 July , though was immediately loaned back until the end of the year .
July
Banfield fell to defeat in the Primera División on their 2019–20 bow , losing one-nil away to Arsenal de Sarandí on 29 July .
August
Banfield and Talleres announced , on 1 August , a loan swap was agreed involving Martín Payero and Junior Arias , with the two switching clubs until 30 June 2020 . A penalty from Nicolás Bertolo sealed three points in the league against Estudiantes on 4 August . Banfield beat Sacachispas in a friendly on 7 August , as a goal from Matías Moya was followed by a brace from Agustín Fontana . A friendly with Ferro Carril Oeste was cancelled on 9 August due to poor weather . Mauricio Asenjo completed a loan to Nueva Chicago on 14 August . Banfield made it back-to-back away defeats in the Primera División on 16 August , as they lost to Argentinos Juniors at the Estadio Diego Armando Maradona . Banfield lost to Boca Juniors on 25 August , having conceded after just twenty seconds .
On 31 August , Banfield and Defensa y Justicia played out a goalless draw in the league in Buenos Aires .
September
Hernán Crespo parted ways with Banfield on 2 September , following just one win in five matches to start 2019–20 . Julio César Falcioni was revealed as Crespo 's replacement on 5 September .
Squad
Transfers
Domestic transfer windows:3 July 2019 to 24 September 201920 January 2020 to 19 February 2020 .
Transfers in
Transfers out
Loans in
Loans out
Friendlies
Pre-season
In early June 2019 , exhibition matches were announced with Arsenal de Sarandí ( 3 July ) and Patronato ( 9 July ) . On 19 June , Banfield added further friendlies with Victoriano Arenas ( 22 June ) , Chacarita Juniors ( 29 June ) , Vélez Sarsfield , Atlético Tucumán and an unknown opponent ; though the latter never took place . The venue for the Chacarita friendly was confirmed on 23 July . Games with Argentino were scheduled on 20 June . Details for the Vélez Sarsfield encounter were released on 8 July .
Mid-season
Ferro Carril Oeste were pencilled in for a mid-season friendly match on 6 August 2019 for 10 August , though was later moved to a day prior . Before facing Ferro , Banfield would meet Sacachispas .
Competitions
Primera División
League table
Relegation table
Source : AFA
Results summary
Matches
The fixtures for the 2019–20 campaign were released on 10 July .
Copa Argentina
Banfield were drawn to meet divisional rivals Talleres in the round of thirty-two in the Copa Argentina , with the encounter getting a date of 10 September ; though it was originally tentatively scheduled for August .
Copa de la Superliga
Squad statistics
Appearances and goals
Statistics accurate as of 31 August 2019 .
Goalscorers
Notes
References
Club Atlético Banfield seasons
Banfield
Aristotelis ( `` Telis '' ) Zervoudis ( ; b. in Athens in 1964 ) is a professional diver from Greece .
Notable discoveries
During his diving expeditions he discovered and identified several important wrecks , including :
SS Oria - a steamship which sank in 1944 causing over 4100 deaths . This is the 4th worst naval disaster in maritime history and the worst in the Mediterranean .
U-133 - a German submarine sank in 1942 .
The SS Heimara , sunk in 1947 , the worst naval tragedy in Greece during peacetime with 389 losses .
Accolades
For his services during the diving expeditions on the Oria and to the Italian State , he was appointed Knight of the Order of the Star of Italy ( Cavaliere del ' Ordine della Stella d ' Italia ) by the President of Italy Sergio Mattarella in December 2017 , and he received the insignia of the Order in June 2018 in a special ceremony from the Italian ambassador to Greece .
References
1964 births
Living people
Professional divers
Recipients of Italian civil awards and decorations
Underwater diving explorers
The Atlantic City Railroad was a Philadelphia and Reading Railway subsidiary that became part of Pennsylvania-Reading Seashore Lines in 1933 . At the end of 1925 it operated of road on of track ; that year it reported 43 million ton-miles of revenue freight and 204 million passenger-miles .
History
Effective 1 April 1889 , the Philadelphia and Reading Railway consolidated all of its railroads in Southern New Jersey into the Atlantic City Railroad .
Speed records
On 20 July 1904 , the regularly-scheduled train no . 25 , which ran from Kaighn 's Point in Camden , New Jersey , to Atlantic City , New Jersey , with Philadelphia and Reading Railway class P-4c 4-4-2 No.334 and 5 passenger cars , set a speed record . It ran the in 43 minutes at an average speed of . The between Winslow Jct and Meadows Tower ( outside of Atlantic City ) were covered in 20 minutes at a speed of . During the short segment between Egg Harbor and Brigantine Jct , the train was reported to have reached .
Predecessor railroads
Camden , Gloucester & Mt . Ephraim Railway
Incorporated on 17 June 1873 by a group from Gloucester City , which wanted a rail line to link the busy passenger ferry landing at Kaighn 's Point in Camden to the Gloucester City industrial area away , then from that point another to Mount Ephraim Borough .
A narrow gauge was required , as much of the right of way used existing city streets with sharp curves . Work began in January 1874 and the line from Kaighn 's Point to Gloucester City opened on 14 February 1874 . The line to Mount Ephraim Borough opened in May 1876 . In the middle of November 1884 , the Philadelphia and Reading Railway acquired the Camden , Gloucester & Mt Ephraim Railway . The Philadelphia and Reading Railway converted the track to in 1885 .
Philadelphia and Atlantic City Railway
During 1875 , four of the Camden and Atlantic Board of Directors left , led by Samuel Richards who was an officer of the C & A for 24 years , to build a second railroad from Camden , New Jersey , to Atlantic City by way of Clementon . Incorporated on 24 March 1876. narrow gauge was selected because narrow gauge was successful at the time and saved in lower operating cost . Work began in April 1877 . The track work was completed in 90 days . On Saturday , 7 July 1877 the final spike was driven and the line was opened . On 12 July 1878 the P & AC RY slipped into bankruptcy . The Philadelphia and Atlantic City Railway was acquired by the CNJ and the Philadelphia and Reading Railway for $ 1,000,000 on 20 September 1883 . And the name was modified to Philadelphia and Atlantic City Railroad effective 4 December 1883 . The first thing done was to convert the line to , which was completed on 5 October 1884 . The Philadelphia and Reading Railway acquired full control on 4 December 1885 .
Williamstown Railroad
This railroad was chartered on 13 March 1871 by the owners of one glasswork in Williamstown to build a line from Atco to Williamstown , and later to Glassboro , New Jersey . The 9.5-mile line was completed in 1873 . The line slipped into bankruptcy in November 1881 . The Williamstown Railroad had graded a line to Glassboro NJ but the rail was only laid 1.7 miles to Robanna NJ . The Williamstown Railroad was acquired by the CNJ and the Philadelphia and Reading Railway on 6 October 1883 at foreclosure sale . And the name was modified to Williamstown & Delaware River Railroad effective 7 December 1883 .
Williamstown and Delaware River Railroad
In the summer of 1883 , the Williamstown & Delaware River Railroad track was laid to Glassboro . Now the line was 15.73 miles long . Also in 1883 a branch 1.20 miles long was built in Glassboro NJ as the Glassboro Railroad to the Whitney Brother 's glass works . The Philadelphia and Reading Railway acquired full control on 4 December 1885 . In 1887 a new extension was built to Mullica Hill NJ .
Cultural context
At the end of the nineteenth century and the early decades of the twentieth century , railroads were primary channels for accessing New Jersey shore beaches . PRR property railroads carried beachgoers from Philadelphia and Camden .
Railroads acquired in 1901
The Atlantic City Railroad was reincorporated on 14 June 1901 as a merger with other railroads ......
Camden County Railroad
The Camden County Railroad was incorporated on 17 September 1889 with the purpose of extending the ACRR 's Gloucester Branch ex Camden , Gloucester & Mt Ephraim Railway between Mount Ephraim Borough and Spring Mills , home of the Bateman Manufacturing Company where two plants were in use constructing farm equipment . As of 31 December 1890 , 5 miles of railroad were completed south of Mt . Ephraim . The remaining 2.19 miles were finished on 10 May 1891 . Spring Mills saw its first train during the third week in March , while the first carload of farm equipment and tools did not leave Bateman Manufacturing until the beginning of April . Stations were constructed along the Camden County Railroad at Bellmawr , Runnemede , Glendora , Chews Landing formerly South Glendora , Blenheim , Blackwood , and Spring Mills , renamed Grenloch ( in Gloucester Township , New Jersey ) upon completion of the line . After construction was complete , the Camden County Railroad , which had been established with the sole purpose of constructing this extension , was leased to the Atlantic City Railroad . Atlantic City Railroad Timetable No . 3 , effective 14 April 1892 , was the first to show trains operating on the Gloucester Branch between Mt . Ephraim and Grenloch .
ACRR Gloucester Branch
P-RSL Grenloch Branch
Cape May , Delaware Bay and Sewell 's Point Railroad
This particular line existed from 1863 until the 1920s , and ran from Sunset Beach in Lower Township , around the Point to South Cape May ( now known as South Meadows ) , into Cape May City , out to Sewell 's Point ( now the Coast Guard Training Center ) , and back around to Schellenger 's Landing , where visitors could then connect to Philadelphia-bound trains .
Ocean City Railroad
Ocean City Junction to Ocean City
Seacoast Railroad
Winslow Junction to Tuckahoe , Sea Isle City and Cape May
Railroads acquired in the 1930s
Stone Harbor Railroad
Acquired in April 1932 , the SHRR ran from Cape May Court House to Stone Harbor ; it was merged with the PRSL in 1936 .
Wildwood and Delaware Bay Short Line Railroad
Acquired in July 1930 , the W & DBSLRR ran from Wildwood Junction to Wildwood ; it was merged with the ACRR ( by then PRSL ) in 1934 .
Railroads operated or leased
Pleasantville & Ocean City Railroad
9 June 1880 Pleasantville & Ocean City Railroad incorporated in New Jersey ; William Massey , Pres . ( Val )
26 October 1880 Pleasantville & Ocean City Railroad ( narrow gauge ) opens between Pleasantville and Somers Point , N.J. ; operated by Philadelphia & Atlantic City Railway ; opening excursion runs from Philadelphia to Ocean City ; Ocean City Association operates connecting steamboat between Somers Point and Ocean City . ( Val , Lee )
May 1882 William Massey sells the Pleasantville & Ocean City Railroad to the West Jersey and Atlantic Railroad .
1 June 1882 The West Jersey and Atlantic Railroad leases the Pleasantville & Ocean City Railroad and converted to on 4 June 1882 .
Brigantine Railroads
7 August 1889 Brigantine Beach Railroad incorporated in New Jersey to build from Pomona on the Camden and Atlantic Railroad to Brigantine Island .
21 April 1890 Pomona Beach Railroad incorporated in New Jersey to build from Camden and Atlantic Railroad to the Atlantic City Railroad at Pomona , to connect the Brigantine Beach Railroad with the ACRR .
18 August 1890 Brigantine Beach Railroad and Pomona Beach Railroad are leased to Atlantic City Railroad .
27 January 1891 Pomona Beach Railroad consolidated with Brigantine Beach Railroad , that now runs from Brigantine Beach to Brigantine Junction 13.90 miles .
1893 Brigantine Transit Company built as an electric trolley line , The road extends along Brigantine Beach NJ a distance of six and one quarter miles .
27 June 1895 The secretary of Brigantine Transit Company , George H. Cook buys the Brigantine Beach Railroad at foreclosure sale .
1 April 1896 the Brigantine Beach Railroad reincorporated as Philadelphia & Brigantine Railroad ; George H. Cook Pres . ; The Philadelphia & Brigantine Railroad lease Brigantine Transit Company .
30 September 1897 Atlantic City Railroad canceled the lease of Philadelphia & Brigantine Railroad .
12 September 1903 Storm destroys trestle leading to Brigantine Island on Philadelphia & Brigantine Railroad . ( Coxey )
9 October 1903 Philadelphia & Brigantine Railroad abandons all service . ( Coxey )
Pennsylvania-Reading Seashore Lines
On 2 November 1932 , the Pennsylvania Railroad and Reading Company joined their southern New Jersey railroad lines into one company , The Pennsylvania-Reading Seashore Lines which the Pennsylvania Railroad had a 2/3 ownership , And the Reading Company had a 1/3 ownership .
On 15 July 1933 , The Atlantic City Railroad leased the West Jersey & Seashore Railroad and changed its name to Pennsylvania-Reading Seashore Lines .
See also
Central Railroad of New Jersey
New Jersey Southern Railroad
Pennsylvania Railroad
Reading Company
1896 Atlantic City rail crash
1922 Winslow Junction Train Derailment
References
External links
The Pennsylvania-Reading Seashore Lines Historical Society
The West Jersey Chapter of the NRHS
Companies affiliated with the Reading Company
Defunct New Jersey railroads
1889 establishments in New Jersey
Predecessors of the Pennsylvania-Reading Seashore Lines
Railway companies established in 1889
Railway companies disestablished in 1933
Former Class I railroads in the United States
Railroads transferred to Conrail
Standard gauge railways in the United States
3 ft 6 in gauge railways in the United States
The Fourth Council of Toledo was held in 633 . It was convened by Visigothic king Sisenand and took place at the church of Saint Leocadia in Toledo .
Probably under the presidency of the noted Isidore of Seville , the council regulated many matters of discipline , decreed uniformity of liturgy throughout the Visigothic kingdom and took stringent measures against baptized Jews who had relapsed into their former faith .
At this council , begun 5 December 633 , all the bishops of Hispania were in attendance . Isidore , though elderly , presided over its deliberations , and was the originator of most of its enactments .
The council probably expressed with tolerable accuracy the mind and influence of Isidore . The position and deference granted to the king is remarkable . The church is free and independent , yet bound in solemn allegiance to the acknowledged king : nothing is said of allegiance to the bishop of Rome .
It was at the Fourth National Council of Toledo and through his influence that a decree was promulgated commanding and requiring all bishops to establish seminaries in their cathedral cities , along the lines of the school associated with Isidore already existing at Seville . Within his own jurisdiction he had availed himself of the resources of education to counteract the growing influence of Gothic barbarism . His was the quickening spirit that animated the educational movement of which Seville was the centre . The study of Greek and Hebrew as well as the liberal arts , was prescribed . Interest in law and medicine was also encouraged . Through the authority of the fourth council this policy of education was made obligatory upon all the bishops of the kingdom .
Sources
Thompson , E. A . ( 1969 ) The Goths in Spain . Oxford : Clarendon Press .
Concilium Toletanum quartum , minutes from the Collectio Hispana Gallica Augustodunensis ( Vat . lat . 1341 )
Fourh
633
7th century in the Visigothic Kingdom
7th-century church councils
Christianity and Judaism
Rice Bastion ( ) is a substantial mountain mass surmounted by a small crown of exposed rock which appears slightly higher than the plateau behind it , projecting from the edge of Detroit Plateau , Nordenskjöld Coast in Graham Land . Situated between the upper courses of Darvari Glacier and Boryana Glacier , 8 miles ( 13 km ) southwest of Mount Elliott and 8.8 miles ( 14 km ) north-northwest of Fothergill Point . Mapped from surveys by Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey ( FIDS ) ( 1960–61 ) . Named by United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee ( UK-APC ) for Lee Rice , FIDS surveyor at Hope Bay ( 1957–58 ) , who worked in this area .
References
SCAR Composite Antarctic Gazetteer .
Mountains of Graham Land
Nordenskjöld Coast
Dr Raymond Oliver Faulkner , FSA , ( 26 December 1894 – 3 March 1982 ) was an English Egyptologist and philologist of the ancient Egyptian language .
He was born in Shoreham , Sussex , and was the son of bank clerk Frederick Arthur Faulkner and his wife Matilda Elizabeth Faulkner ( née Wheeler ) . In 1912 he took up a position in the British Civil Service , but his employment was interrupted by World War I , when he entered the armed forces . After a brief period of service , he was invalided out and rejoined the Civil Service in 1916 .
Faulkner developed an interest in Egyptology , and in 1918 he took to studying Egyptian hieroglyphs in his spare time at University College London under the tutelage of Margaret Murray . In 1926 he became the full-time assistant to Dr Alan Gardiner , from whom he received philological training and encouragement to publish his works on hieroglyphic texts .
He was the editor of the Journal of Egyptian Archaeology from 1946 to 1959 , and wrote many books , articles , and reviews . In 1950 he was admitted as a Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries .
In 1951 Faulkner became an assistant in language teaching at University College London , progressing to become a lecturer in Egyptian language – a post he held from 1954 to 1967 . He received his Doctor of Letters degree from the University of London in 1960 .
Faulkner 's main area of interest was Egyptian philology , and he made major contributions to Egyptology with his translations and indexes of many important ancient Egyptian texts , as well as his autographic dictionary of Middle Egyptian ( which remains an important and standard reference for modern Egyptologists and students of the ancient Egyptian language ) .
He died in Ipswich , Suffolk , on 3 March 1982 .
Further reading
Morris L. Bierbrier , ed. , `` Who was Who in Egyptology '' , , ( 1995 ) , London , p. 149 .
Harry S. Smith and C. Spaull , article in Journal of Egyptian Archaeology 60 ( 1974 ) , pp . 5–14 . Includes portrait & bibliography .
Harry S. Smith and C. Spaull , article in Journal of Egyptian Archaeology 69 ( 1983 ) , pp . 141–144 . Obituary , including portrait & further bibliography .
Rosalind Janssen , `` The First Hundred Years : Egyptology at University College London , 1892–1992 '' , , ( 1992 ) , p. 72 .
Selected bibliography
Raymond O. Faulkner , `` The Plural and the Dual in Old Egyptian '' , 1929 .
Raymond O. Faulkner , `` The Papyrus Bremner-Rhind '' , 1933 .
Raymond O. Faulkner , Egypt from the Inception of the Nineteenth Dynasty to the Death of Ramesses III , fascicule 52 for the `` Cambridge Ancient History '' , , 1966 .
Raymond O. Faulkner , `` The Ancient Egyptian Pyramid Texts '' , , 1969 . Oxford University hardcover reprint .
Raymond O. Faulkner , `` The Book of the Dead : Book of Going Forth by Day '' , , 1972 .
Raymond O. Faulkner and S. Glanville , `` Catalogue of Egyptian Antiquities in the British Museum . Vol.II : Wooden Model Boats '' , , 1972 .
Raymond O. Faulkner , `` A Concise Dictionary of Middle Egyptian '' , , 1962 , 2nd ed . 1972 .
Raymond O. Faulkner , `` The Ancient Egyptian Coffin Texts '' , , 3 vols. , 1972–78 .
William K. Simpson , E. Wente , and Raymond O. Faulkner , `` The Literature of Ancient Egypt '' , , 1969 .
1894 births
1982 deaths
Alumni of the University of London
English Egyptologists
English philologists
Fellows of the Society of Antiquaries of London
Academics of University College London
Alumni of University College London
People from Shoreham-by-Sea
Mohammad Lutfur Rahman ( 1889-1936 ) , a Bengali author , was born in Magura District .
Life
Mohammad Lutfur Rahman , was a teacher and afterwards went to Kolkata and established a helping house for women named , ‘ Naritirtha ' . He published a magazine named Narishakti . Later , Mohammad Lutfur Rahman became a homeopathic doctor .
Writing career
His literary works were included in the curriculum of school level , secondary , higher secondary and graduation level Bengali Literature in Bangladesh .
Self-development books
Unnoto Jibon
Manob Jibon
Mohot Jibon
Shotto Jibon
Uccho Jibon
Jubak Jibon
Dharmo Jibon
Cheleder Mohottokotha
Musolman
Mangal Vabishat
Priti Upohar
Bashor Upohar
Raihan
Pothohara
Uddom o Porishrrom
Poetry
Prokash
Translations
Chotoder Karbala
Don Quixote
References
Golpo Songroho ( Collected Stories ) , the national textbook of B.A . ( pass and subsidiary ) course of Bangladesh , published by University of Dhaka in 1979 ( reprint in 1986 ) .
Bangla Sahitya ( Bengali Literature ) , the national textbook of intermediate ( college ) level of Bangladesh published in 1996 by all educational boards .
Bengali writers
Bengali-language writers
20th-century Bengali poets
Bengali-language poets
1889 births
1936 deaths
20th-century Indian poets
Bengali male poets
Indian male poets
20th-century Indian male writers
People from Magura District
The professional event in épée at the 1900 Summer Olympics had 54 fencers from 5 nations compete . The event took place from 11 to 14 June at the Tuileries Garden . The event was won by Albert Ayat of France , leading a French sweep with Gilbert Bougnol taking silver and Henri Laurent bronze .
Background
Fencing was the only sport that had professional competitions at the Olympics in 1900 and 1904 . A professional foil event was held in 1900 , with épée and sabre joining in 1904 . The professional events were not held again afterwards ( excepting the 1906 Intercalated Games , so this was the only time that masters épée was contested . The épée events also featured a unique competition : an amateurs-masters épée event . The top 4 fencers in this event , as well as the top 4 fencers in the amateurs épée event , were eligible for that competition .
Competition format
The event used a three-round format : quarterfinals , semifinals , and a final . Each round consisted of pool play . For the quarterfinals , the fencers were divided into 9 pools of 6 fencers each ; the top two fencers in each pool advanced to the semifinals . The semifinals had the 18 men compete in 3 pools of 6 , with the top 3 in each pool advancing to a 9-man final .
The actual competition format within pools is not entirely clear . No results are known beyond the rankings .
Schedule
Results
Quarterfinals
In the quarterfinals , the fencers were divided into 9 pools of 6 fencers each , with the top two advancing from each pool to the semifinal . The first round was held on 11 and 12 June .
Quarterfinal A
Quarterfinal B
Quarterfinal C
Quarterfinal D
Quarterfinal E
Quarterfinal F
Quarterfinal G
Quarterfinal H
Quarterfinal I
Semifinals
The semifinals were held on 13 June . 3 pools with 6 fencers each competed in round-robin format , with the top 3 fencers in each pool advancing .
Semifinal A
Semifinal B
Semifinal C
Final
The final was conducted on 14 June .
Results summary
References
Fencing at the 1900 Summer Olympics
ETEM is a leading producer of aluminium profiles and architectural systems in Greece . It is one of the leading aluminium extrusion companies in south eastern Europe . Founded in 1971 , ETEM S.A. is the first fully integrated designer and producer of architectural systems and aluminium profiles for industrial applications in Greece .
With two production facilities , in Greece and Bulgaria , and an annual capacity that exceeds 40.000 tons/year , ETEM guarantees continuous and uninterrupted delivery to its customers . Through continuous innovation and investments in infrastructure equipment and people , ETEM is an international company with exports that exceed 70 % of its production capacity and presence in more than 20 countries .
Aluminium companies of Greece
Manufacturing companies based in Athens
Greek brands
Michail Stifunin ( : Mikhail Yuryevich Stifunin ; born 4 August 1978 ) is a former ice dancer who competed internationally for Russia and France . Competing for Russia with Nina Ulanova , he is the 1997 World Junior champion and the 1998 Nebelhorn Trophy champion . He later competed with Magali Sauri for France .
Career
Early in his career , Stifunin competed with Nina Ulanova , coached by Andrei Filippov . The duo placed fifth at the 1996 World Junior Championships in Brisbane , Australia . In the 1996–97 season , they won gold at the 1997 World Junior Championships in Seoul , South Korea . After the event , Filippov moved to Australia and Ulanova/Stifunin joined Alla Belyaeva . They skated together until 1999 , placing as high as fifth at the senior Russian Championships .
In 1999 , Stifunin moved to France and teamed up with Magali Sauri . Representing France , they skated together for three seasons and won the silver medal at the 2000 Nebelhorn Trophy . Sauri/Stifunin were coached by Lydie Bontemps in Lyon .
Around 2012 , he began working with the Russian national team .
Programs
( with Sauri )
Results
GP : Grand Prix
With Sauri for France
With Ulanova for Russia
References
Russian male ice dancers
French male ice dancers
Living people
1978 births
Figure skaters from Moscow
World Junior Figure Skating Championships medalists
Universiade medalists in figure skating
Universiade silver medalists for Russia
Competitors at the 1997 Winter Universiade
Competitors at the 1999 Winter Universiade
Vaiga was a small landlocked ancient Estonian county in the eastern part of the territory of Estonia . It territory now belongs to the eastern part of Jõgeva County .
See also
Livonian Crusade
References
External links
Kuidas elasid inimesed vanasti , möödunud sajandil ja praegu ( Estonian )
9 . - 13. saj.pärinevad Eesti aardeleiud ( Estonian )
Eesti haldusjaotus ja võõrvõimude vaheldumine läbi aegade ( Estonian )
Ancient counties of Estonia
Kawambwa District is a district of Zambia , located in Luapula Province . The capital lies at Kawambwa , which lies at the intersection of three roads : D19 , M13 , and Kawambwa-Mbereshi . The Luapula River forms its boundary with the Democratic Republic of the Congo . As of the 2000 Zambian Census , the district had a population of 102,503 people . It consists of two constituencies , namely Kawambwa and Pambashe .
Climate change led to both floods and drought in Kawambwa District in 2008 , thus hampering the activities of subsistence farmers .
Lusenga Plain National Park , which was converted from a hunting area , is an 880 square kilometer park in the district 's northern corner .
References
Districts of Luapula Province
Matthew Rosslee ( born 24 February 1987 ) is a South African rugby union footballer . His regular playing position is inside-centre . He represented the Griquas in the Currie Cup and Vodacom Cup . He previously played for Western Province and played in the Varsity Cup for the Ikey Tigers . He currently plays his rugby in Hong Kong and has signed a playing contract with the Hong Kong Rugby Football Union . He made his debut for Hong Kong against Kenya in August 2016 , and played in the 2016 Cup of Nations .
He is the playing captain of Société Générale Valley Rugby Football Club . The club won the Grand Championships in the 2014/2015 and 2015/2016 playing seasons under his captaincy . He has previously been involved with the Cheetahs Super Rugby squad , the SA Premier XV ( 2011 ) , SA Students XV ( 2009 ) , SA Students 7 's who won the 2008 Student World Cup 7 's in Spain .
External links
itsrugby.co.uk profile
Living people
1987 births
South African rugby union players
Rugby union centres
Rugby union players from Cape Town
Griquas ( rugby union ) players
Western Province ( rugby union ) players
University of Cape Town alumni
South African people of British descent
White South African people
KDEL-FM ( 100.9 FM ) is a radio station licensed to serve Arkadelphia , Arkansas , United States . The station is owned by Arkansas Rocks Radio Stations Network .
The station was assigned the KDEL-FM call sign by the Federal Communications Commission on January 31 , 1979 .
Former logo
References
External links
Fox Sports Radio Arkansas Facebook
DEL-FM
Clark County , Arkansas
Classic rock radio stations in the United States
Radio stations established in 1979
1979 establishments in Arkansas
Pimley School was an O-level school located at Clifton II , Karachi , Pakistan and was wholly owned by Ermine , a British educational management organisation . Pimley School was established in 2010 .
House system
The three school houses are :
Victoria is named after Queen Victoria .
Thiruvalluvar is named after Thiruvalluvar .
Equiano is named after Olaudah Equiano .
External links
2010 establishments in Pakistan
Educational institutions established in 2010
Private schools in Pakistan
Schools in Karachi
Tolomeo Faccendi ( 8 November 1905 – 11 September 1970 ) was an Italian sculptor , active mainly in his native Tuscany .
Biography
He trained in the workshop of Ivo Pacini and became one of the prominent artists of the 20th-century artistic movement in Grosseto .
Faccendi participated at the 21st Venice Biennale in 1938 and at the 4th Rome Quadriennale in 1943 .
He created various public sculptures in his hometown , including the puledro ( 1933 ) , the cinghialino ( 1950 ) , the buttero ( 1953 ) , and the statue of saint Francis of Assisi ( 1965 ) next to the church of San Francesco . Faccendi sculpted the bronze religious decorations – the Christ the Redeemer , the Four Evangelists , the Via Crucis , and a Pietà – for the Basilica of Sacred Heart of Jesus in Grosseto ( 1954–1960 ) .
References
Bibliography
External links
20th-century Italian sculptors
20th-century Italian male artists
Sculptors from Tuscany
1905 births
1970 deaths
People from Grosseto
`` Brothers '' is the debut single by Canadian country music artist Dean Brody , released in October 2008 . The song is from his 2009 self-titled debut album . It is a mid-tempo ballad about the relationship between two brothers , where one of them is going to war . `` Brothers '' received positive reviews from critics for its content and stark contrast to other country songs on the radio .
The song peaked in the top 10 of the Radio & Records Country Singles chart in Canada and number 76 on the Canadian Hot 100 . It also reached the top 30 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart in the United States .
Content
`` Brothers '' is a mid-tempo ballad describing the relationship between the narrator and his brother , who is about to go to war . In the first verse , the narrator is reluctant to let his brother leave , offering to do anything that will keep him home . The narrator 's brother reassures him by saying `` This is what brothers are for '' . In the second verse , the narrator says that out of all his heroes , his brother is his main . The two of them interact through letters in the second verse , with the narrator telling his brother how much he misses him . Finally , in the third verse , the narrator 's brother comes back home , but uses a wheelchair after being injured in the war . As they hug , the brother apologizes to the narrator for having to be pushed home , but the narrator simply replies , `` This is what brothers are for . ''
Critical reception
Jim Malec of The 9513 gave the song a thumbs-up rating , saying `` 'Brothers ' veers widely from the standard radio formula in one very significant way—for a song that so pointedly references the times in which we live , it is n't particularly uplifting , nor does it resolve into a sound byte-worthy declaration of hopefulness . '' Roughstock critic Matt Bjorke described the song as `` a well-written story song by any measure '' , adding that it was `` heartening to see such a song score with radio . '' He added that his original review , written in October 2008 , was negative in nature because at the time , he did not understand the song 's context .
Music video
The music video was directed by Stephen Scott .
Chart positions
References
2008 songs
2008 debut singles
Dean Brody songs
BBR Music Group singles
Songs written by Dean Brody
Country ballads
Canadian Country Music Association Single of the Year singles
Songs about soldiers
Songs about families
Boga is a region and former bajrak ( military-administrative unit ) of the Kelmendi , a historical Albanian tribe ( fis ) and ethnographic region located in Malësia , northern Albania .
Name
The toponym Boga is attested in the 1688 map of the Venetian cartographer Francesco Maria Coronelli and on the 1689 map of the Italian cartographer Giacomo Cantelli da Vignola as Bogu . The etymology of Boga is debated . One theory maintains that it is derived from Albanian bokë , meaning `` barren/rocky farmland '' or `` mountain side '' . Another view argues that it may be a derivative of Slavic bog ( `` god '' ) .
Geography
Boga is situated in the upper valley of the Përroi i Thatë ( Dry Creek ) in northern Albania . It makes up the uppermost part of the valley on the road from Koplik leading over the mountains into Theth , in Shala territory . In present times it is administratively a part of the Municipality of Shkrel . The Boga bajrak was the southernmost territory of the Kelmendi and neighboured Kastrati to the west , Shala to the east , and Shkreli and Plani to the south . The main settlement of the small tribe is the village of Bogë , which is situated at 950 m. in altitude .
Origins
According to an oral tradition of the Kelmendi recorded by Yugoslav anthropologist Andrija Jovićević , the vast majority of the brotherhoods from Boga trace their ancestry back to the figure of Bogi ; a son of the forefather of the Kelmendi , Amati . He also noted that the area was initially inhabited by the Shkreli , who were expulsed by Bogi and his sons following their expansion southwards from Kelmend . Indigenous anas brotherhoods were also incorporated into the community , as is the case with the Ndrejaj . However , according to Noel Malcolm , this oral tradition may have been fabricated by the Kelmendi in the nineteenth century as they had recently incorporated the area as its fourth bajrak in ca . 1897 , and legends of common descent would allow for better accommodation . Although , Malcolm acknowledges that it is unlikely that these legends of shared patrilineal ancestry were just constructs as these traditions were socially vital due to strong taboos against marriage to cousins related through the male line and the importance of tribal identity .
The Boga maintained close ties and relations with the Shala and Shkreli , however , they sided with the more powerful Kelmendi which protected them and with whom they shared common patrilineal kinship .
Population
In Karl Steinmetz 's travel , he concluded that they were made up of 75 Catholic families , which lived in 9 villages : Gjokaj , Preçaj , Malej , Gegaj , Mihaj , Leshaj , Mikaj , Ulgjekaj and Nrej .
In the first reliable census taken in Albania in 1918 under Austro-Hungarian administration , the population statistics of the Boga tribe were given as follows : 34 households with a total of 228 inhabitants . This comprised the settlements and surroundings of : Kolaj and Preçaj .
Culture
The Boga tribe is Catholic , and it celebrates the feast of Saint Michael on 29 September , by the slaughtering and roasting of sheep on a spit . The Boga sustained themselves primarily from their herds , which grazed on the rich mountain pastureland in the summer . In the winter period , they drove their animals as far as the region of Mamurras , south of Lezha , where the men were also involved in the lumber trade , cutting down the then dense forests of the area . The village of Bogë in the region of Rugova , western Kosovo , was founded by Kelmendi tribesmen from Boga .
References
Notes
Bibliography
Tribes of Albania
Albanian Catholics
Malësia
Merlin Diamond ( born 1991 ) is a Namibian sprinter . She won the 100 metres and 200 metres at the 2010 National Athletic Championships , Namibia .
She is one of the five Namibian athletes to win a bursary from Olympic Solidarity , the International Olympic Council 's development fund .
References
1991 births
Living people
Namibian female sprinters
20th-century Namibian women
21st-century Namibian women
Global Social Policy is a triannual peer-reviewed academic journal that covers social policy , especially its transnational aspects . The editors-in-chief are Gerard Boychuk ( Balsillie School of International Affairs ) , Rianne Mahon ( Balsillie School of International Affairs ) , and Stephen McBride ( McMaster University ) . It was established in 2001 with Bob Deacon ( University of Sheffield ) as its founding editor and is published by Sage Publications .
Abstracting and indexing
The journal is abstracted and indexed in the International Bibliography of the Social Sciences and Scopus .
External links
SAGE Publishing academic journals
English-language journals
Sociology journals
Publications established in 2001
Triannual journals
The Louisiade white-eye or islet white-eye ( Zosterops griseotinctus ) is a species of bird in the family Zosteropidae . It is endemic to Papua New Guinea .
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests .
References
Birds described in 1858
Taxa named by George Robert Gray
Birds of the Louisiade Archipelago
Endemic fauna of Papua New Guinea
Zosterops
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Munaily District ( , ) is a district of Mangystau Region in south-western Kazakhstan . The administrative center of the district is selo of Mangistau .
Population
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
Mangystau Region
Oligopithecidae is an extinct basal Catarrhine family from the late Eocene of Egypt ( about 37 million years ago ) as sister of the rest of the Catarrhines . Its members were probably insectivorous due to their simple molars and cusp arrangement .
References
External links
Mikko 's Phylogeny Archive - †Oligopithecidae
Eocene primates
Eocene first appearances
Rupelian extinctions
Prehistoric mammal families
Primate families
The Saint Charles River ( ) is a branch of the Saint Lawrence River that starts in Salaberry-de-Valleyfield , Quebec , Canada . The river divides the Grande-Île and the Island of Salaberry , which are located approximately 50 km east of Montreal . The river is 8 km long , and drops 24m over its course from Lake Saint Francis east to Lake Saint-Louis .
Geography
The Saint Charles River is not a distinct river unto itself , it is in reality an arm of the Saint Lawrence River . The river originates at the end of Lake Saint Francis at Salaberry-de-Valleyfield and passes through the town of Saint-Timothée , before entering Lake Saint Louis to the east . Originally , at the eastern end of Lake Saint Francis , there were two channels , northern channel and the Saint Charles River . Because of the presence of rapids , several canals have been built . The Old Beauharnois Canal and the Soulanges Canal , neither of which are still in use , and the Beauharnois Canal have contributed to changes in flow of the rivière Saint-Charles . Historically , it has been a significant source of hydroelectric power for factories in Salaberry-de-Valleyfield . Much of the river 's banks are developed , but a portion of its banks remain undeveloped .
The Saint Charles River is in the physiographic region of the Saint Lawrence Lowlands . The bedrock of the region is a slightly dipping limestone , but glacial deposits define the landscape . Deep , arable soils lie across this flat plain , which rarely exceeds 200m above sea level . Before extensive logging and development , the Saint Lawrence Lowlands were a mix of mostly forest and wetlands . However , they now remain primarily as isolated fragments . The region between Lake Saint Francis and Lake Saint Louis originally supported a diverse fluvial environment which has now been transformed into a slow-moving lacustrine one . The Saint Charles River is one area that has not been significantly dammed but still has seen a large degradation of habitat . The Saint Lawrence Lowlands is also the most urbanized ecozone in Canada , holding most of Canada 's population and manufacturing jobs . The Saint Charles River has developed considerably in terms of agriculture and industry . A sizable portion of the river is residentially owned , which is typical of many rivers in the region . Only 15 % of the natural shoreline in the area remains today . The municipal government of Valleyfield recently purchased a portion of the river , and has halted development on it for the time being .
Fish migration
Because of extensive damming of the Saint Lawrence , several fish species are left without sufficient areas to migrate up and downstream . Many fish species are able to migrate easily downstream through the Beauharnois Dam . However , several species , such as the eel and lake sturgeon , are not able to survive the turbines of the dam . Because it has only one small dam at its mouth , it is an important spot for up and downstream fish migration . A fish ladder was put in place to allow for more ease of migration . Data has shown that the pass has worked for some species , such as the cyprinidae .
History
Before industrial development , the river and surrounding areas were used mostly as agricultural land by the Iroquois and European colonists . In the mid 19th century , the river was recognised for its hydroelectric potential and factories began to be built in the region . The old Beauharnois Canal was created in 1849 and its power was harnessed by a saw mill , Valleyfield Mills , which was Canada 's largest supplier of paper for newspapers at the time . Thus , because of its hydroelectric potential , there is a long history of factory placement along the Saint Charles River and the old Beauharnois Canal . During the period of heavy industrialization along its banks , the health of the river was largely neglected . After the creation of the first Beauharnois Canal in 1849 , the river was dammed at its mouth to regulate its flow . Until the 1970s the flow of the river was kept very low as to allow the maximum flow possible through the other canals . However , an accumulation of waste in the river from factories along its banks began to pollute the river . For example , the factory Expro Inc. , which produced ( and still produces ) chemical products such as nitroglycerine , has been accused of dumping toxic waste into the river . Long after continuous dumping had started , an agreement was reached between Hydro Quebec and the City of Salaberry-de-Valleyfield to increase the flow of the river to 30m3/s to dilute the unpleasant odours from the river . Since the 1970s , the flow of water in the river has been kept constant at 30m3/s , but there has been little effort to clean the river . Several studies have shown that the water quality of the river is low , and much lower , in fact , than that of the Saint Lawrence in general . The cumulative effects of industrialization near the river and of dumping wastes have given the river a negative view in the community , and it is sometimes referred to as the `` rivière des étrons '' which , roughly translated , means the river of feces .
Recreation
Salaberry-de-Valleyfield is a popular destination for boaters of all sorts . Sailing and motorized boating is popular on Lake Saint Francis , and there is a world class whitewater kayak course on the rivière Saint-Charles . It is located at the head of the river just as it exits Saint Francis Bay . The site was completely redesigned in 2002 for kayak paddling , and has 300m of Class I through Class III paddling . The site is especially suited for racing because the water level is controlled at the intake and is more or less constant . The 2004 Canadian Slalom Championships and the 2009 North American Under-23 Paddling Championships were held there .
See also
Related articles
Beauharnois-Salaberry Regional County Municipality
Beauharnois Canal
Saint Lawrence River
List of rivers of Quebec
References
Rivers of Montérégie
Tributaries of the Saint Lawrence River
Beauharnois-Salaberry Regional County Municipality
Salaberry-de-Valleyfield
John Cawthra ( 1789–1851 ) was a merchant , distiller and political figure in Upper Canada . He represented Simcoe from 1828 to 1830 in the Legislative Assembly of Upper Canada as a Reformer .
He was born in England somewhere near Guiseley , the son of Joseph Cawthra and Mary Turnpenny , and came to Toronto with his father while still young . He served in the militia during the War of 1812 in this war he helped to save the life of Lieutenant Archibald MacLean . After the battle he was offered reward money for the capture of Detroit however he did not take it . Cawthra settled in Newmarket about 1822 . Cawthra died in Newmarket .
A heritage marker in Newmarket marks the site of his trading post , later replaced by Cawthra House , his residence , a general store and the town 's first bank .
His son was Henry Cawthra ( 1830-1904 ) , a barrister , and his daughter Mary ( d. 1882 ) was the mother of William Mulock . Another son , Joseph , built a house called Guiseley House at Elm Avenue and Mount Pleasant named after his father 's birthplace and has since been demolished .
References
John Cawthra
1789 births
1851 deaths
Members of the Legislative Assembly of Upper Canada
English emigrants to pre-Confederation Ontario
Ko Ko ... Koli Kothi is a 2012 Kannada romantic film genre starring Srinagar Kitty and Priyamani in the lead roles . The film is directed by R. Chandru . Ramana Gogula is the music director of the film . Bhaskar and Adhi have jointly produced the venture under Bharani films .
Cast
Srinagar Kitty as Kitty
Priyamani as Cauvery
Srihari as Sri Hari Prasad
Anu Prabhakar
Rangayana Raghu
Harshika Poonachha
Sanjjanaa Galrani
Mithra
Ravi Kale
Varada Reddy
Praveen
Soundtrack
The audio soundtrack was released on 7 December 2011 at the Bell Hotel in Bangalore . Ramana Gogula has composed 6 songs and Kaviraj has penned lyrics for 5 of them .
Release
Ko Ko had a good opening all over Karnataka . It successfully ran in theaters and finished in 30 days . When Sidlingu and Ko Ko was released together , Sidlingu did not get good response due to illegal activities used in the film .
Reception
Critical response
A critic from The New Indian Express wrote `` Priyamani looks apathetic towards her assignment but excels in dance sequences . Sanjana too showed off her moves . Bullet Prakash , as a prospective groom , has the potential to make your funny bones tickle . Music director Ramana Gogula has done a neat job . It is worth a watch provided you have the patience '' . Shruti I. L. from DNA wrote `` He tickles your funny bone right from the beginning . Popular musician Ramana Gokula has scored the music . But none of his songs linger on . Ko Ko is your mundane commercial potboiler . It brings with it a few twists and turns but it 's not too long before you figure out what 's awaiting you at the end of the road '' .
References
2012 films
2010s Kannada-language films
Films directed by R. Chandru
The Motorschiff Stubnitz e.V. , a registered non-profit association , is the operator of an former freeze & transport vessel of the German Democratic Republic high seas fishing fleet based in Rostock . Since 1993 it has been transformed into a mobile platform for music , cultural production , documentation and communication . Inside this listed historical monument , the former cargo holds are used as venues for live music , exhibitions , performances and media art . Artists and co-workers are lodged and fed on board .
The culture center has so far researched and presented innovative culture by touring the following European ports ;
1994 : St. Petersburg and Malmö
1998 : Stockholm ( European Capital of Culture )
2000 : Lübeck and Hamburg
2001 : Rotterdam ( European Capital of Culture )
2002 : Bruges ( European Capital of Culture ) and Amsterdam
2003 : Szczecin and Hamburg
2004 : Riga
2005 : Copenhagen , Rotterdam , Newcastle , Amsterdam and Dunkirk
2006 : Copenhagen moored between the Black Diamond and Langebro bridge , Hamburg and Amsterdam .
2007 : Hamburg and Amsterdam
2008 : Copenhagen , Nykøbing Falster , and Amsterdam
2009 : Stralsund , Aalborg , Copenhagen , Hamburg , Wilhelmshaven and Amsterdam
2010 : Copenhagen , Rostock , Aarhus and Hamburg
2011 : Hamburg and Rostock
2012 : Rostock , Bremen , Hamburg , Wilhelmshaven and London
2013 : London , Dunkirk ( Regional Capital of Culture ) and Hamburg
The main part of the maintenance and cultural work is done on a voluntary basis .
Notes
External links
Stubnitz website
Marinetraffic.com - with current location
Non-profit organisations based in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania
Merchant ships of East Germany
Merchant ships of Germany
Cultural organisations based in Germany
1964 ships
Museum ships in Germany
X-Y tables , also known as cross working tables or coordinate tables , help provide horizontal motion for automated machinery such as assembly robots in manufacturing facilities . Robotic arms and other automated machinery have only a limited range of motion while their bases remain stationary ; X-Y tables allow this basis to move horizontally along X and Y axis . Also known as XY stages , XY tables are motorized linear slides with linear motion based in bearings which are driven by a drive mechanism , typically a linear motor . XY tables are built and configured to provide high-performance positioning along multiple axis .
Applications
Serving industries including general machinery , pharmaceutical , manufacturing and semiconductor , XY tables offer precision-controlled automated movement . XY tables are broadly used in mechanical processes and applications including material handling , industrial automation equipment , machinery building and automated measurement .
Construction
XY tables are flat surfaces mounted on ball bearing slides or roller slides with multiple linear bases and are composed of forcers and platens . The forcer glides over the platen on frictionless air bearings and moves continuously in a linear motion across the platen . To create multiple axis , linear bases are often stacked on top of one another , with the top `` Y '' axis acting both as a carriage to the bottom base and as the base which holds the table . Adjustable gibs can be attached on both axis . These types of XY tables , used frequently for the movement of robotic , are often called `` positioning tables '' . Materials used to construct XY tables include stainless steel and cast iron as well as bronze for bearings and aluminum for frames .
Types
Variations among XY tables include the ways and the drive mechanism . The ways determine load capacity , straight-line accuracy , and stiffness , or durability , while the drive mechanisms determine smoothness and speed . In general , XY tables require very little maintenance , and are considered to be highly accurate , easy-to-use and lightweight . However , depending on the weight of the load , ball bearings within XY ball bearing tables and slides can acquire a significant amount of wear and may need to be replaced regularly .
Gallery
See also
Linear-motion bearing
References
Machine tools
Vasily Nikolaevich Kuznetsov ( ; born 28 June 1989 ) is a Russian badminton player .
Achievements
BWF International Challenge/Series
Men 's doubles
Mixed doubles
BWF International Challenge tournament
BWF International Series tournament
BWF Future Series tournament
References
External links
1989 births
Living people
Russian male badminton players
Ian Twiss ( born Milltown , County Kerry ) is a Gaelic footballer from County Kerry . He has played with Kerry at all levels . He first came on the scene in 1996 when he won a Munster Minor Championship he later played in the Ireland final but Kerry lost out to Laois . He then moved on to the Under 21 team in 1998 where in won a Munster Championship and later an Ireland . He was till underage in 1999 and won a second Munster medal and Kerry once again made it to the Ireland final where they were shocked by Westmeath , Twiss missed a penalty . He played with the Kerry senior team for one year in 2002 and was part of the team that lost out to Armagh in that year 's All Ireland final .
He has had a lot of success at club level with Milltown/Castlemaine . In 2001 he helped the club to win the Division 1 County League title , the first in the club 's history . He has won two Intermediate Championships with the club in 2003 and 2011 , as well as a Club Championship in 2004 . He has also won Mid Kerry Championships in 2001 , 2007 , 2008 and 2010 . In 2011 he also won a Munster Intermediate Club Championship and in 2012 an Ireland title .
References
http : //www.terracetalk.com/kerry-football/player/31/Ian-Twiss
https : //web.archive.org/web/20100210054810/http : //munster.gaa.ie/history/mf_teams/
https : //web.archive.org/web/20190328115822/http : //munster.gaa.ie/history/u21f_teams/
https : //web.archive.org/web/20120420074424/http : //www.kerrygaa.ie/old_website/old/allIrlFinal2002profiles.htm
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
Milltown/Castlemaine Gaelic footballers
Kerry inter-county Gaelic footballers
Palace of Sports `` Lokomotiv '' ( ) is an indoor arena in the eastern Ukrainian city Kharkiv . Rebuilt in 2004 , it has a seating capacity for 4,000 people .
It is the home for the matches of the Ukrainian Fed Cup team , volleyball and it is also used for boxing matches . The arena is the regular home venue of basketball club Kharkivski Sokoly , futsal team MFK Lokomotiv Kharkiv and Lokomotiv Kharkiv volleyball team .
On 2 September 2022 , the Palace was partially destroyed by Russian rocket strike .
References
Indoor arenas in Ukraine
Sport in Kharkiv
Buildings and structures in Kharkiv
Kholodnohirskyi District
Southern Railways ( Ukraine )
The Tiraspol Agreement ( ; ) was an agreement between Nazi Germany and Romania signed on 19 August 1941 in the city of Tiraspol ( now in Moldova , under Transnistrian control ) regarding the Romanian administration of the region of Transnistria , which became the Transnistria Governorate . It fell under the rule of Gheorghe Alexianu , under immediate subordination of Ion Antonescu , the Conducător ( leader ) of Romania . It was signed during World War II , while the Axis invasion of the Soviet Union was taking place . The Tighina Agreement in which specific issues of the region were discussed entered in force shortly after , on 30 August . The agreement allowed full Romanian control over the territory between the Dniester and Southern Bug rivers , with the exception of the city of Odessa . The latter was ceded to Romania with some privileges for Germany in the Tighina Agreement .
Afterwards , Transnistria became the destination of many Jews from the recently recovered Romanian regions of Northern Bukovina and Bessarabia . Antonescu planned to colonize Transnistria with Romanian settlers once the invasion of the Soviet Union and the extermination of the Jewish and Romani population in the region was completed to formally annex it .
See also
The Holocaust in Romania
References
1941 in Romania
1941 in Ukraine
August 1941 events
Treaties concluded in 1941
Treaties entered into force in 1941
Treaties of Nazi Germany
Treaties of the Kingdom of Romania
World War II treaties
Tiraspol
History of Transnistria
Germany–Romania relations
Fred Morris ( 15 June 1929 – 20 November 1998 ) was a professional footballer who played as a winger . He played in the Football League for six clubs .
Playing career
Morris was born in Oswestry and began his playing career with non-league Oswestry Town before joining Walsall in May 1950 . He made more than 200 league appearances for the Walsall before moving to Mansfield Town in March 1957 for £1,500 . In May 1958 , Morris moved again , joining the Division Two side Liverpool for £7,000 .
Morris was initially a regular at Anfield but he played in just one match after the arrival of Bill Shankly as manager in December 1959 . He spent the 1960–61 season with Crewe Alexandra and then Gillingham . He joined Chester in July 1961 , playing more than half the games as the side finished bottom of the Football League . At the end of the season he was released by the manager , Bill Lambton , and he joined Altrincham . This was followed by a return to Oswestry Town , where he became manager in two spells ( 1969-73 and 1980-83 ) .
Away from football , Morris ran a building contractor 's business and took over a garage in Oswestry .
References
External links
Player profile at LFChistory.net
Article on players to play for Chester and Liverpool
1929 births
1998 deaths
English footballers
Sportspeople from Oswestry
Association football wingers
English Football League players
Oswestry Town F.C . players
Walsall F.C . players
Mansfield Town F.C . players
Liverpool F.C . players
Crewe Alexandra F.C . players
Gillingham F.C . players
Chester City F.C . players
Altrincham F.C . players
English football managers
Oswestry Town F.C . managers
Kellogg Valley ( ) is a high ( ) hanging valley , for the most part free of ice , between Mount Boreas and Mount Aeolus in the Olympus Range of Victoria Land , Antarctica . The valley opens north to McKelvey Valley , below . It was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names ( 1997 ) after husband and wife glacial geologists Thomas B. Kellogg and Davida E. Kellogg , of the Department of Geological Sciences and the Institute of Quaternary Studies at the University of Maine , who in several seasons over period 1976–90 , collaborated in the study of the glacial history of the McMurdo Sound region , including field work on the McMurdo Ice Shelf , Ross Ice Shelf , in the Ross Sea , and the McMurdo Dry Valleys , the location of this valley .
References
Valleys of Antarctica
McMurdo Dry Valleys
Chatouane District is a district of Tlemcen Province in northwestern Algeria .
Districts of Tlemcen Province
Philip John Allen ( 5 November 1902 – May 1992 ) was an English professional footballer who played as a full back in the Football League for Brentford .
Career
A full back , Allen joined Third Division South club Brentford in 1922 . Confined mostly to the reserve team , he made just three first team appearances before departing at the end of the 1923–24 season . After his release , Allen dropped into non-League football and played for Southern League club Peterborough & Fletton United and Northamptonshire League clubs Wellingborough Town and Stamford .
Personal life
Allen served in the Grenadier Guards .
Career statistics
References
English footballers
Brentford F.C . players
English Football League players
Peterborough & Fletton United F.C . players
Wellingborough Town F.C . players
Southern Football League players
Association football fullbacks
Grenadier Guards soldiers
Stamford A.F.C . players
1902 births
1992 deaths
Footballers from Hanwell
Military personnel from Middlesex
20th-century British Army personnel
Don Raimundo Fernández-Villaverde y García del Rivero , iure uxoris Marquess of Pozo Rubio , ( 20 January 1848 – 15 July 1905 ) was a Spanish statesman .
Born in Madrid , Raimundo Fernandez Villaverde graduated at age 21 from the Central University of Madrid in Law Studies . He later became Professor of this university after receiving the degree of Doctor of Philosophy .
He joined the Conservative Party and was elected to the Spanish Parliament in 1872 as representative for Caldas .
On 31 March 1884 , he was appointed civil governor of Madrid .
From 1880 to his death , he held various government ministries including Finance , Justice and Interior , became President of Parliament , and was twice Prime Minister .
He is credited with the economic reforms passed in 1899 and 1900 that stabilised the nation 's economy after the loss of the last Spanish colonies in the Americas and the Pacific Ocean .
Bibliography
Francisco Comín , Pablo Martín Aceña y Miguel Martorell ( 2000 ) : La Hacienda española y sus ministros . Del 98 a la Guerra Civil , Prensas Universitarias de Zaragoza , 2000 ,
Miguel Martorell Linares : “ Villaverde ante el Parlamento ” , Hacienda Pública Española , número monográfico , 1999 , pp . 73–93 .
1848 births
1905 deaths
Nobility from Madrid
Economy and finance ministers of Spain
Prime Ministers of Spain
Presidents of the Congress of Deputies ( Spain )
Members of the Royal Spanish Academy
Conservative Party ( Spain ) politicians
Justice ministers of Spain
Marquesses of Spain
Madrid city councillors
Civil governors of Madrid
Isairis Isabel Minaya Ramos ( born 27 October 1992 ) is a Dominican football manager and a retired footballer who played as a goalkeeper . She has been a member of the Dominican Republic women 's national team .
Early life
Minaya hails from San Francisco de Macorís .
International career
Minaya represented the Dominican Republic at the 2012 CONCACAF Women 's U-20 Championship qualifying . At senior level , she capped during the 2010 CONCACAF Women 's World Cup Qualifying qualification and the 2014 Central American and Caribbean Games .
References
1992 births
Living people
Women 's association football goalkeepers
Dominican Republic women 's footballers
People from San Francisco de Macorís
Dominican Republic women 's international footballers
Competitors at the 2014 Central American and Caribbean Games
Dominican Republic football managers
Female association football managers
The Saint-Étienne to Lyon line is a railway linking Saint-Étienne to Lyon . The line was built between 1828 and 1833 by Camille Seguin and Marc Seguin at a cost of 14,500,000 FRF .
History
Construction
Construction began in September 1826 . Marc Seguin was chief engineer , chief of estates , maintenance and rolling stock at the same time . Despite all the natural obstacles he encountered , Seguin drew up the plans for line , 56 km in length , with a slow descent towards Lyon . The first part of the line , between Saint-Étienne and Rive-de-Gier was laid at a constant descent of 1.2 to 1.4 % . The following section , running along the Gier valley down to Givors , on the Rhône , was less inclined , with a slope of 0.65 % . The last section of the line , to Lyon , was built virtually level .
Technical data
To avoid difficulties in acquiring land , with no laws concerning compulsory purchase at the time , Seguin built several bridges and tunnels . Between 1827 and 1830 he dug the first tunnel from Couzon to Rive de Gier , with a length of 977 m , a second tunnel , only 400 m long , was dug in 1831 in Lyon . A third tunnel , 1.5 km in length , was dug under Terrenoire .
Instead of cast iron laid on stone sleepers as it was then the practice in mines , Seguin decided to use iron rails on wooden sleepers .
Route
The railway followed the path of the Janon from Terrenoire ( now part of Saint-Étienne ) to Saint-Chamond , and then the Gier to the Rhone .
Between Rive-de-Gier and Givors on the Rhone , the railway paralleled the Givors canal .
The population was hostile to the railway which threatened many trades . Trains were derailed and wagons set on fire .
In 1835 the proletarian poet Guillaume Roquille published his Franco-Provençal language collection Ballon d'essai d'un jeune poète forézien ( Trial balloon of a young Forézien poet ) violently attacked the arrival of the railway , which would ruin the canal on which his father worked as a porter .
The line was at first meant to traverse Givors and cross the Rhône to finish its course on the left bank . However the inhabitants of Givors protested in such large numbers that it was decided to build the line on the right bank . The work lasted five years between 1827 and 1832 . The first portion to be opened was between Givors and Rive-de-Gier which opened on 28 June 1830 .
A transfer between ships and trains was enabled by the construction of a water station at Givors . It became the largest harbour on the Rhône and an active industrial city .
Traction
During the first few months of operation , horses were used to provide the tractive power . Where the line descended the horses were carried in a truck for the 22 km descent and then hauled the train for the remainder of journey . For the journey up , one horse was used to haul 5 or six empty wagons . The trains were pulled at 3 or 4 km/h but ran down hill at a speed of 24 to 28 km/h .
For comfort , the Seguin company had placed drapes on the seats and used leather straps to open and close the windows . The first were cut out by passengers and made into clothes and the straps were used as belts !
Opening sections
From early 1831 , the locomotive Seguin hauled twenty-four to twenty-eight empty wagons between Givors and Rive-de-Gier or seven full wagons . On 3 April 1832 , the section up to Lyon was used for freight transport with a few passengers being accepted , who sat on straw in the wagons . The last section , to Saint-Étienne , was opened on 1 October 1832 for passenger use only , freight being accepted a few months later . On 4 April 1833 the line was opened in its entirety .
Rolling stock
In 1836 , the company possessed 12 locomotives , 135 wagons and transported its passengers from end to end in six hours . Accidents were a regular occurrence as people would sometimes walk along the railway line . From 1844 , the use of horse traction was terminated and the entire journey was done in only 2 and a half hours .
Outstanding structures
Old tunnel of Couzon-Rive-de-Gier , built 1830 , closed 1856
New tunnel of Couzon-Rive-de-Gier , built 1856
Pont de La Mulatière , bridge built in 1914
Mulatière Bridge , built 1830
Tunnel de Terrenoire , built 1829
References
Notes
Citations
Sources
External links
Line history on art-et-histoire
Line history on culturerail
Transport in Saint-Étienne
Rail transport in Lyon
Railway lines in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes
The UK R & B Chart is a weekly chart that ranks the 40 biggest-selling singles and albums that are classified in the R & B genre in the United Kingdom . The chart is compiled by the Official Charts Company , and is based on both physical and digital sales .
This is a list of The Official UK Charts Company R & B hits of 2008 .
Number ones
See also
List of UK Dance Singles Chart number ones of 2008
List of UK Independent Singles Chart number ones of 2008
List of UK Singles Downloads Chart number ones of the 2000s
List of UK Rock & Metal Singles Chart number ones of 2008
List of UK R & B Albums Chart number ones of 2008
References
United Kingdom RandB Singles
2008
2008 in British music
Events from 1991 in England
Incumbent
Events
January
8 January - A train crash at Cannon Street station in London kills one person and injures over 500 .
11 January - As the recession deepens , 335 workers at the Peugeot car factory in Coventry are made redundant .
16 January - The final phase of the M40 motorway through Oxfordshire is opened , giving the West Midlands conurbation its first direct motorway link with London .
February
7 February - The Provisional Irish Republican Army launch a mortar attack against 10 Downing Street , blowing in all the windows of the cabinet room , during a session of the War Cabinet , but there are no injuries .
18 February - The IRA explodes bombs in the early morning at both Paddington station and Victoria station in London .
March
8 March - The Liberal Democrats win the Ribble Valley by-election .
14 March - The Birmingham Six are freed after the Court of Appeal quashes their convictions over the 1974 pub bombings in Birmingham which killed 21 people and injured more than 160 others .
28 March - An inquest in Sheffield into the Hillsborough disaster records a verdict of accidental death on the 95 people who died as a result of the tragedy almost two years ago . Many of the victims ' families criticise the verdict , as many of them had been hoping for a verdict of unlawful killing against the police officers who patrolled the game .
April
8 April - The Football Association announces plans for a new `` super league '' of 18 clubs to replace the Football League First Division as the highest division of English football . The move is attacked by smaller Football League clubs , who fear that they could go out of business if TV revenue was confined to the proposed super league .
19 April - George Carey enthroned as Archbishop of Canterbury .
May
15 May - Manchester United make a winning return to European competitions for English clubs after five years of suspension due to the Heysel disaster , by defeating FC Barcelona of Spain 2–1 in the European Cup Winners ' Cup final in Rotterdam . Mark Hughes scores both of United 's goals as they secure their first European trophy since winning the European Cup in 1968 .
18 Paul Gascoigne suffers cruciate knee ligament damage in Tottenham Hotspur 's 2-1 FA Cup final victory over Nottingham Forest , which puts his proposed transfer to Italian side Lazio on hold , and is expected to rule him out for up to a year .
22 May - Nearly six months after the breakthrough in the Channel Tunnel service tunnel , the breakthrough in the North rail tunnel is achieved . On the same day , road links to the English terminal are improved when the final section of the M20 motorway is opened between Maidstone and Ashford , meaning that the Chunnel 's unbroken motorway link with London has already been completed an estimated three years before the first trains move between Great Britain and France .
27 May - Eric Heffer , Labour MP for Liverpool Walton , dies after an 18-month battle against cancer .
29 May - Martin Blatchford , a disabled 31-year-old father-of-three from Dudley in the West Midlands , is sentenced to 14 days in prison for his refusal to pay the Poll Tax .
June
10 June - The National Gallery ( London ) opens its new Sainsbury Wing to the public .
12 June - International Convention Centre , Birmingham , incorporating Symphony Hall , opens .
28 June - The final breakthrough in the Channel Tunnel is achieved when the last section of clay in the South rail tunnel is bored away .
30 June - Peter Hurst married Louise Ann Hackworth in Oxford .
July
4 July - Labour retains Liverpool Walton in the by-election , with new MP Peter Kilfoyle gaining more than half of the vote .
5 July - A number of English local authorities lose money with the closure of the Bank of Credit and Commerce International amid fraud allegations .
8 July - Two suspected IRA terrorists shoot their way out of Brixton Prison in London .
11 July - Labour Party MP , Terry Fields , joins the list of people jailed for refusal to pay the poll tax after he receives a 60-day prison sentence . He is the first MP to be jailed for refusing to pay the controversial tax which was introduced early last year .
14 July - Nigel Mansell achieves the 17th Grand Prix victory of his racing career at Silverstone , Northamptonshire .
15 July - 17th G7 summit held in Brighton .
19 July - Dean Saunders , 27-year-old Welsh international striker , becomes the most expensive player to be signed by a British club when a £2.9million fee takes him from Derby County to Liverpool , who have broken the record fee in British football for the third time in four years .
30 July - Italian opera singer Luciano Pavarotti sings to a 100,000-strong crowd in London 's Hyde Park to commemorate 30 years in opera .
31 July - The High Court gives its approval for the formation of a new Premier League in English football , which is expected to begin next year .
August
30 August - The father of 20-year-old Tony Bland , who has been in a Persistent vegetative state since suffering brain damage in the Hillsborough disaster in April 1989 , says that his son should be allowed to die .
September
3 September - Rioting breaks out at Handsworth in Birmingham , Kates Hill in Dudley and Blackbird Leys in Oxford .
13 September - Further rioting breaks out in Tyneside .
14 September - George Buckley , Labour MP for Hemsworth in West Yorkshire ) , dies aged 56 .
20 September - The Football League and the Football Association finally agree on plans to form the new Premier League next season .
21 September
Boxer Michael Watson suffers a serious brain injury in a fight with Chris Eubank at White Hart Lane , Tottenham , London ; his condition is reported to be critical .
Richard Holt , Conservative MP for Langbaurgh in Cleveland , dies suddenly at the age of 60 .
October
3 October - The 1991 Rugby World Cup begins in England .
9 October - The first Sumo tournament to be held outside Japan is hosted at the Royal Albert Hall in London .
17 October - £1million worth of cannabis is found near London , prompting the arrest of six people in the West Midlands
November
7 November - Labour retains its control of Hemsworth in the by-election , with the new MP being Derek Enright . Another by-election sees the Conservatives lose Langbaurgh to Labour , who gain a new MP in 35-year-old Indian born Ashok Kumar .
9 November - First ever controlled and substantial production of fusion energy achieved at the Joint European Torus in Oxford .
13 November - The England national football team qualifies for the European Championships which will be held in Sweden next summer when a late goal from striker Gary Lineker seals a 1–1 draw with Poland .
20 November - England striker Gary Lineker agrees to a contract to join Grampus Eight of Japan from Tottenham Hotspur at the end of the current English football season .
25 November - Winston Silcott has his conviction for the murder of PC Keith Blakelock quashed . Silcott had been jailed for life in 1987 for the murder of PC Blakelock in the Tottenham riots of 1985 , but he will remain imprisoned as he is serving a second life sentence for another unconnected crime .
28 November - First performance of Alan Bennett 's play The Madness of George III in London .
29 November - England footballer Gary Lineker announces that his eight-week-old son George is suffering from acute myeloid leukaemia , an illness which has a survival rate of 25 % .
December
10 December - English-born Ronald Coase wins the Nobel Prize in Economics `` for his discovery and clarification of the significance of transaction costs and property rights for the institutional structure and functioning of the economy '' .
Births
10 March – Usman Khan , Islamic terrorist and perpetrator of the 2019 London Bridge stabbing ( died 2019 )
Nubya Garcia , jazz musician , saxophonist and composer
See also
1991 in Northern Ireland
1991 in Scotland
1991 in Wales
References
England
Years of the 20th century in England
1990s in England
Camp Ramah in the Poconos is a summer camp affiliated with the National Ramah Commission . Opened in 1950 , it is located in the Pocono Mountains in High Lake , Pennsylvania ( but is addressed in Lakewood , Pennsylvania , since High Lake does not have its own post office or ZIP code ) .
As with other Ramah camps , Camp Ramah in the Poconos is focused on Jewish education . Its program has an educational focus and includes Zionism , the Jewish lifecycle , and ritual . The camp seeks to maintain a connection with the State of Israel and uses Hebrew as the language of official instruction , communication , and education . The official prayer book of Camp Ramah in the Poconos is Siddur Lev Yisrael , authored by former director Cheryl Magen .
History
In the 1950s , Hebrew was the official spoken language at Ramah . At an alumni reunion in 2009 , former campers , in their seventies , recalled phrases they had learned at Ramah like “ Let 's go swimming , ” or “ Please pass the salt . ”
Divisions ( edot )
Campers are split up into divisions by grade and age . These divisions are called Edot , the plural of the word Edah ( עדה ) which means group in Hebrew . The Edot which are at Ramah Poconos are :
Each Edah is led by a Rosh Edah ( Unit Head ) who supervises the counselors in each individual bunk .
After the two 4-week sessions conclude , the camp runs the Tikvah Family Camp . A camp experience for the entire family for families with Jewish children with developmental disorders and/or social learning disorders . The program offers parents , and their siblings the unique opportunity to together experience the magic of Jewish summer camp . The overnight program incorporates Jewish learning , recreation , spiritual reflection , and plain-old-fun in the beautiful natural environment of Camp Ramah in the Poconos .
Staff
The staff of Ramah Poconos is composed largely of former Ramah campers . Many campers to return as counselors and specialists for several summers while they are in college . After college , they can continue to come back as the head of the age groups or in other positions . Camp Ramah encourages new recruits and give staff members who recruit others a bonus payment . Staff are trained on a perpetual basis throughout the summer beginning with the week before the campers come . This `` staff week '' is named after and funded by an endowment in honor of Director Emeritus , Cheryl Magen . It is spent drilling safety procedures , camp rules , activity planning , and many other important things into the staff members . Throughout the summer , counselors and other staff members have Hadracha , ( transliteration of הדרכה the Hebrew word for guidance ) sessions that continue to train the staff in all necessary areas . Senior counselors are expected to mentor the junior counselors , so their Hadracha sessions spend a lot of focus on how to teach the younger counselors .
Mishlakhat
In addition to the regular staff , Ramah Poconos , together with the Jewish Agency for Israel , brings 40–50 Israeli staff members to camp each summer . These Israelis are a full part of the camp and participate in all areas of the camp . By contributing to the immersive environment of the camp , Israeli staff members enhance the quality of Jewish education at Ramah Poconos .
Activities
The campers are permitted to choose two regular activities , like arts and crafts , Radio Ramah ( WCRP ) , teva ( nature ) , mitbachon ( baking and cooking ) , creative dramatics , and many others . Some sports available for campers include basketball , baseball , tennis , soccer , hockey , softball , volleyball , archery , and flag football .
Additionally , Ramah Poconos offers many opportunities for campers to express their creativity within the context of Judaism . The camp drama program puts on several plays each summer , all of which are performed entirely in Hebrew . The arts and crafts building has plenty of opportunities for painting , drawing , ceramics , and other forms of artistic expression . The music program gives singing lessons to the campers about 2–3 times a week and often offers additional musical activities , such as bands and a cappella groups .
Waterfront and sports
All waterfront staff are certified lifeguards , and many have a history of competitive swimming or boating .
Ramah Poconos boasts excellent sports facilities , including a newly reconstructed baseball field and three basketball courts . Programs include the two-day color war , and the campers between Notzetzim ( entering 5th grade ) , and Machon , ( campers entering 9th grade ) are divided into four colors and participate in dozens of Olympic and made-up mini-games during the second session only ( mid-July to mid-August ) .
Tikvah Family Camp
The Tikvah Family Camp is a five-day overnight program that provides Jewish children with developmental disorders and/or social learning disorders , their parents , and their siblings the opportunity to experience together a Jewish summer camp .
See also
Conservative Judaism
United Synagogue Youth
Camp Ramah
References
External links
The National Ramah Commission
`` Research Findings on the Impact of Camp Ramah , '' 2004
Records of the National Ramah Commission , 1951–89
Ramah Poconos Facebook Page
Poconos
Buildings and structures in Wayne County , Pennsylvania
Pocono Mountains
Youth organizations based in Pennsylvania
1950 establishments in Pennsylvania
Ramah in the Poconos
Zionism in the United States
Al Boasberg ( December 5 , 1891 – June 18 , 1937 ) was an American comedy writer in vaudeville , radio , and film , as well as being a film director .
Biography
Boasberg was born in Buffalo , New York in a Jewish family . He is credited with helping to create American stand-up comedy when he teamed with then-youthful vaudeville performer Jack Benny , helping develop Benny 's familiar , reactive skinflint and thus helping make Benny a major star when he transitioned to radio in 1932 . In fact , on the last day before his death , Boasberg wrote the lines that introduced the enduring Rochester character on Benny 's radio show .
Similarly , Boasberg defined the enduring personalities of Bob Hope , Burns and Allen , Wheeler and Woolsey and Leon Errol . He was one of the early `` script doctors '' , earning $ 1,000 a week to punch up radio scripts .
Boasberg also wrote , both credited and uncredited , for more than 60 short films and features between 1926 and 1937 . Of especial note is his work on 1935 's A Night at the Opera , which provided The Marx Brothers with a commercial comeback on the screen . Another Marxian , the comedy producer Sid Kuller , started out as a ghost-gag-writer for Boasberg .
Boasberg 's other film writing credits included The General ( starring Buster Keaton ) . A disagreement over screenwriting credit led to Boasberg 's name being removed from the Marx Brothers second MGM film A Day at the Races ( 1937 ) , which was his original project .
He directed the 1933 feature film Myrt and Marge which featured Ted Healy and his Three Stooges . He also directed 16 short films between 1929 and 1936 , which included six Leon Errol two-reelers , four starring Walter Catlett , and Jail Birds of Paradise with Dorothy Appleby , Moe Howard and Curly Howard .
He died in Los Angeles , California , in 1937 from a heart attack . He is buried in Forest Lawn Cemetery in Buffalo , New York . Al Boasberg was the uncle of James Michaels .
In 2009 , The Al Boasberg Comedy Award was established by The Buffalo International Film Festival. < ref > The Al Boasberg Comedy Award : The Boasberg < /ref >
Selected filmography
The General ( 1926 )
California or Bust ( 1927 )
Her Father Said No ( 1927 )
Quarantined Rivals ( 1927 )
Ladies ' Night in a Turkish Bath ( 1928 )
Speedy ( 1928 )
Chasing Rainbows ( 1930 )
Fifty Million Frenchmen ( 1931 )
Cracked Nuts ( 1931 )
Freaks ( 1932 )
Jail Birds of Paradise ( 1934 )
A Night at the Opera ( 1935 )
A Day at the Races '' ( 1937 )
References
External links
Al Boasberg Biography
1891 births
1937 deaths
American male screenwriters
Burials at Forest Lawn Cemetery ( Buffalo )
Comedians from New York ( state )
Film directors from New York ( state )
Jewish American screenwriters
Jewish American comedians
Screenwriters from New York ( state )
Writers from Buffalo , New York
20th-century American comedians
20th-century American male writers
20th-century American screenwriters
20th-century American Jews
James Arthur Patrick Sullivan ( January 19 , 1893 – October 7 , 1975 ) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player . He played with the Ottawa Senators of the National Hockey Association during the 1914–15 season .
Sullivan was on the Pittsburgh Yellow Jackets team that won the United States Amateur Hockey Association championship in 1924 . In the season that followed , he captained the same league 's Fort Pitt Hornets .
He practiced dentistry after retiring from hockey .
References
1893 births
1975 deaths
Canadian ice hockey centres
Fort Pitt Hornets players
Ice hockey people from Ontario
Ottawa Senators ( NHA ) players
People from the United Counties of Stormont , Dundas and Glengarry
Pittsburgh Yellow Jackets ( USAHA ) players
Delusions is the second album from the British progressive metal band To-Mera . Its musical style is similar to that of their debut album Transcendental .
The album was initially released in a limited edition glossy slipcase featuring the band logo embroidered onto it . This was available directly through the band website and was limited to 2000 copies , all of which are now sold out .
The artwork was once again done by Eliran Kantor .
Track listing
All lyrics by Julie Kiss , music as noted
`` The Lie '' ( Lee Barrett , Tom MacLean ) - 7:29
`` Mirage '' ( MacLean ) - 7:11
`` The Glory of a New Day '' ( MacLean ) - 8:24
`` Inside the Hourglass '' ( MacLean ) - 8:19
`` A Sorrow to Kill '' ( MacLean ) - 8:03
`` Asylum '' ( MacLean ) - 5:40
`` Fallen From Grace '' ( MacLean , Hugo Sheppard ) - 8:18
`` Temptation '' ( Sheppard ) - 8:40
Personnel
Band members
Julie Kiss - vocals
Thomas MacLean - guitars
Hugo Sheppard - keyboards
Lee Barrett - bass
Paul Westwood - drums
Additional musicians
Laurence Hill - percussion
Hugh Greenish - saxophone and bass clarinet
Production
Brett Caldas-Lima - producer , engineer , mixing , orchestration
References
External links
Recording blog
Tower Studios myspace
2008 albums
To-Mera albums
Albums with cover art by Eliran Kantor
Kristian Levring ( ; born 9 May 1957 ) is a Danish film director . He was the fourth signatory of the Dogme95 movement . His feature films as director include Et skud fra hjertet , The King is Alive , The Intended , Fear Me Not , and The Salvation .
Early life
Kristian Levring was born in 1957 in Denmark . He later became a graduate of the National Film School of Denmark .
Career
Kristian Levring began his career as a documentarian , editing a number of feature-length documentaries and Danish-language feature films during the first two decades of his time as a filmmaker . He also worked as a director for television commercials . His first feature film he directed was Et skud fra hjertet ( Shot from the Heart ) , released in 1986 . Kristian Levring was the fourth signatory of the Dogme95 movement , however moved away from this style towards the end of the aughts . He co-signed the original manifesto in 1995 alongside Lars von Trier , Thomas Vinterberg , and Søren Kragh-Jacobsen . In 2008 , Levring and the other Dogme 95 founders were honoured with the Achievement in World Cinema award at the European Film Awards .
The King is Alive
Levring released the film The King is Alive in 2000 . The Guardian describes the film as following , `` bus passengers stranded in the Namibian desert , who decide to stage their own private performance of King Lear to pass the time until help arrives . '' The passengers are stranded in an abandoned mining town in the middle of the Sahara . The film utilized Lear as a foil for European society reaching a terminal crisis . The words of Lear are used to further show the disintegration of the group into chaos under the pressure of their stranding . While one of the members is sent on a five-day journey to get help , the social relationships that Levring explores among those that stay behind include gender , marital , and the racial elements of the relationship between the passengers and the bus driver . The film was named an Official Selection at the Cannes Film Festival upon its premiere .
The film has many elements in line with the Dogme95 cinematic beliefs , including placing film as a post-apocalyptic art form . Jan Simons wrote that , `` The King is Alive allows us to see Dogma 95 in actu , as it were . With no decor and no costumes , in the natural light of the sun 's glare , and with no recourse to the technical resources of theatre , the amateur actors study their roles ; Henry writes everybody 's lines out by hand , from memory . '' Referencing to the rules of Dogma 95 are also found throughout the film . The New York Times wrote of Levring 's work on the film that ,
`` Mr. Levring 's vision of hell is vivid and stark but -- thanks to that empty , endless desert -- touched with a pictorial sublimity rarely attempted within the constraints of the Dogma aesthetic . The unsparing , invasive naturalism of digital video , which seems specially calibrated to register the play of anxiety and distress on human faces , also records an inhuman landscape of undulating dunes and blinding sky . The juxtaposition creates a sense of loneliness and panic , a stomach-turning dread that makes the survival instinct look almost comically weak . ''
The Intended
In 2002 , Levring co-wrote and directed The Intended . The film follows two British expatriates and their lives in a remote Asian ivory trading station during the early 1900s , where the small community falls apart under the pressures of the foreign lands and daily struggles to survive . The film has been described as , `` an expressionistic and densely textured revisitation of The Heart of Darkness in the jungles of Malaysia . '' The film opened at the Toronto International Film Festival .
Fear Me Not
In 2008 Levring directed Fear Me Not . The film explores the issues of prescription medication on the psychology of families , following the protagonist as they try the use of antidepressants to cure his malaise stemming from workaholism . The protagonist soon becomes paranoid and starts to fear his spouse . The plot is reminiscent of the narrative of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde , and debuted at the Toronto International Film Festival , where the rights were sold to IFC . The film also opened at the Toronto International Film Festival .
The Salvation
Levring 's western film titled The Salvation , starred Mads Mikkelsen and was screened at the 2014 Cannes Film Festival , where it became an Official Selection . Levring filmed the movie in South Africa , setting it in the American frontier . The story follows the character Jon , a Danish `` ex-soldier who moved to the States after losing to the Germans on the battlefield in 1864 , '' according to Variety . Levring has stated that during this era , about half of all people on the American frontier did not speak English , which was the entry-point for him to produce a film about the American west . In developing the film , Levring used both Western films and Nordic mythology as inspiration . In an interview with Reader 's Digest , Levring stated of the film 's subject matter that , `` You could see the Western frontier as the beginning of civilization , and I 'm very interested in the nature of civilization . Often these places are a microscope : you can look at these characters and see how they behave in quite extreme situations . Civilization is quite a thin varnish , and when you take that away it 's interesting to see what happens . '' Levring both cowrote and directed the film .
Filmography
Films
Shot from the Heart ( 1986 )
The King Is Alive ( 2000 )
The Intended ( 2002 )
Fear Me Not ( 2008 )
The Salvation ( 2014 )
References
External links
European Film Awards winners ( people )
Danish film directors
Danish screenwriters
Danish film editors
1957 births
Living people
Padiham Town Hall is a municipal building in Burnley Road , Padiham , Lancashire , England . The town hall , which was the headquarters of Padiham Urban District Council , is a grade II listed building .
History
Shortly after it had been created in 1873 , the local board of health established itself in a small office in Mill Street . The area became an urban district in 1894 and population growth associated with the increasing number of coal mines and cotton mills in the area continued into the 1920s . In the early 1930s the former Lord Lieutenant of Lancashire , Lord Shuttleworth of Gawthorpe Hall , urged civic leaders to procure a dedicated town hall : the site they selected had been occupied by the Bridge End Cotton Mill , an ugly building known locally as the `` Wonder Mill '' .
Construction started in March 1936 . The new building , which was designed by Bradshaw Gass & Hope in the neoclassical style and built in Accrington red brick with stone facings , was officially opened by the leader of London County Council , Herbert Morrison , on 26 February 1938 . The design involved a symmetrical main frontage with eleven bays facing onto Burnley Road ; the central section of three bays , which slightly projected forward , featured a full-height tetrastyle portico with Corinthian order columns and a pediment bearing the town 's coat of arms . At roof level , there was a turret with a clock . Internally , the principal rooms were the council chamber on the first floor , which was panelled with Australian walnut , and the theatre , which was a single-storey structure at the rear of the building with an Art Deco proscenium arch .
The building continued to serve as the headquarters of the local urban district council for much of the 20th century but ceased to be the local seat of government when the enlarged Burnley Borough Council was formed in 1974 . Instead , it became the home of Padiham Town Council when it was formed in 2002 .
The building was badly damaged by flooding in the Boxing Day Flood in December 2015 and a programme of repair works to the theatre ( by then known as the ballroom ) was completed in January 2018 . A further programme of refurbishment works , for the rest of the building , costing £331,000 commenced in December 2020 .
See also
Listed buildings in Padiham
References
Government buildings completed in 1938
City and town halls in Lancashire
Padiham
Grade II listed buildings in Lancashire
3,4-Dichlorophenyl isocyanate is a chemical compound used as a chemical intermediate and in organic synthesis . It is a solid , and ranges in colour from white to yellow . It is an irritant for tissues including eyes and mucous membranes , and inhalation of dust from the chemical is poisonous . It can be used industrially in the preparation of triclocarban by reaction with p-chloroaniline .
It is classified as an extremely hazardous substance in the United States as defined in Section 302 of the U.S . Emergency Planning and Community Right-to-Know Act ( 42 U.S.C . 11002 ) , and is subject to strict reporting requirements by facilities which produce , store , or use it in significant quantities .
References
Chloroarenes
Isocyanates
Chacko Randaaman ( ) is a 2006 Indian Malayalam-language action film directed by Sunil Karyattukara , written by Biju Devassi , and produced by Saji Nanthyattu . It stars Kalabhavan Mani in a triple role along with Mohini and Jyotirmayi . in lead roles Music was scored by Sundar C. Babu with lyrics by Vayalar Sharath Chandra Varma .
Cast
References
External links
2000s Malayalam-language films
2006 action films
2006 films
Films scored by Sundar C. Babu
Indian action films
John Ponsonby , 1st Viscount Ponsonby , GCB ( c. 1770 – 22 February 1855 ) was a longtime British diplomat and politician .
John Ponsonby was considered an exceptionally handsome man – reportedly he was almost lynched as an aristocrat in a Paris street by a revolutionary mob in the 1790s but saved by the intervention of a mob of women who saved him because he was so pretty .
Political career
Ponsonby , born about 1770 , was the eldest son of William Ponsonby , 1st Baron Ponsonby , and Louisa Molesworth , and brother of Major-General Sir William Ponsonby . He served as a Member of Parliament ( MP ) in the Irish House of Commons for Tallow between 1793 and 1797 . Elected in 1798 for both Banagher and Dungarvan , he chose to sit for the latter from 1798 to the Act of Union in 1800/01 . He then represented Galway Borough in the United Kingdom House of Commons until 1802 .
Diplomatic career
On the death of his father on 5 November 1806 , Ponsonby succeeded him as Baron Ponsonby , and for some time held an appointment in the Ionian Islands . On 28 February 1826 , he went to Buenos Aires as envoy-extraordinary and minister-plenipotentiary until 1828 , and moved then to Rio de Janeiro in the same capacity . An exceptionally handsome man , he was sent , it was reported , to South America by George Canning to please King George IV , who was envious of the attention paid him by Lady Conyngham . Once there he greatly fostered the independence of Uruguay as a buffer state between Argentina and Brazil , to the benefit of British commerce and overall peace . In December 1830 he was entrusted with a special mission to Belgium , in connection with the candidature of Prince Leopold of Saxe-Coburg to the Belgian throne , and remained in Brussels until Leopold was elected king on 4 June 1831 . His dealings in this matter were adversely criticised in The Guet-à-Pens Diplomacy , or Lord Ponsonby at Brussels , … London , 1831 , but the Prime Minister , Lord Grey , eulogised him in the House of Lords on 25 June 1831 . Thus , as a diplomat , he was sent twice by the British Empire to promote the instauration of buffer states to protect its interests , Uruguay and Belgium , both of which survive to this very day , still deeply similar to their bigger neighbours . In addition to this , Ponsonby served as envoy to Naples from 8 June to 9 November 1832 , as ambassador at Constantinople from 27 November 1832 to 1841 , and as ambassador at Vienna from 10 August 1846 to 31 May 1850 .
Later life
Through Lord Grey , who had married his sister Mary Elizabeth , he had great influence , but his conduct as an ambassador sometimes caused official embarrassment , notably when he accompanied the emperor to Innsbruck in 1848 . He was a keen diplomat of the `` old school '' , a shrewd observer , and a man of large views and strong will . He was gazetted G.C.B . on 3 March 1834 , and created Viscount Ponsonby , of Imokilly in the County of Cork , on 20 April 1839 . He had previously married , on 13 January 1803 , Lady Frances Villiers , seventh daughter of George Villiers , 4th Earl of Jersey . She died at 62 Chester Square , London , on 14 April 1866 , having had no issue . Ponsonby published `` Private Letters on the Eastern Question , written at the date thereon , '' Brighton , 1854 , and died at Brighton on 21 February 1855 . The viscountcy thereupon became extinct , but the barony devolved on his nephew William , son of Sir William Ponsonby .
References
Mosley , Charles ( editor ) . ( 1999 ) . Burke 's Peerage & Baronetage , 106th edition .
Attribution :
External links
1770 births
1855 deaths
Diplomatic peers
Irish MPs 1790–1797
Irish MPs 1798–1800
Knights Grand Cross of the Order of the Bath
John Ponsonby , 1st Viscount Ponsonby
Viscounts in the Peerage of the United Kingdom
Eldest sons of British hereditary barons
UK MPs 1801–1802
UK MPs who were granted peerages
UK MPs who inherited peerages
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for County Galway constituencies ( 1801–1922 )
Ambassadors of the United Kingdom to the Ottoman Empire
Ambassadors of the United Kingdom to Portugal
Ambassadors of the United Kingdom to the Kingdom of the Two Sicilies
Ambassadors of the United Kingdom to Argentina
Members of the Parliament of Ireland ( pre-1801 ) for County Waterford constituencies
Members of the Parliament of Ireland ( pre-1801 ) for King 's County constituencies
Peers of the United Kingdom created by Queen Victoria
Eugène François Charles Joseph Lamoral de Ligne d'Amblise et d'Epinoy ( Brussels , 28 January 1804 – Brussels , 20 May 1880 ) , 8th Prince of Ligne and of the Holy Roman Empire was a Belgian diplomat and liberal politician .
Family
He was the son of Louis Eugene Marie Lamoral , Prince of Ligne and Countess Louise van der Noot de Duras .
He married 3 times ; through his daughter Princess Natalie of Ligne , he was the grandfather of Princess Isabella of Croÿ . One of his sons , Edouard , married Princess Eulalia , daughter of Prince Carl of Solms-Braunfels .
Career
He lived in Vienna from 1834 until 1837 . After his return to Belgium , he was named ambassador and sent to London for the coronation of Queen Victoria . He had a successful diplomatic career . In 1849 he was elected as a member of the Belgian parliament and was President of the Belgian Senate , in succession of Augustin Dumon-Dumortier , from 25 March 1852 until 18 July 1879 . In 1863 the King named him Minister of State .
He died in Brussels and was buried in Belœil , near the estate of the House of Ligne .
Honours
National
: Grand Cordon in the Order of Leopold , 16 June 1838
Foreign
:
Knight of the Order of Saint Hubert
Knight Grand Cross in the Order of Saint Michael
: Knight Grand Cross in the Legion of Honour , 22 August 1846
Holy See : Knight , 1st Class in the Order of Pope Pius IX
: Knight of the Order of Saint John of Jerusalem
: Knight of the Order of the Black Eagle
: Knight Grand Cross in the Saxe-Ernestine House Order
:
Grandee of Spain , 1st Class
Knight of the Golden Fleece
Two Sicilian Royal Family : Knight Grand Cross in the Order of Saint Januarius
See also
Liberal Party
Liberalism in Belgium
References
Sources
in Belgium
|-
1804 births
1880 deaths
Diplomats from Brussels
Belgian Ministers of State
Presidents of the Senate ( Belgium )
08
Grand Croix of the Légion d'honneur
Grandees of Spain
Knights of the Golden Fleece of Spain
Nobility from Brussels
Karumadikkuttan is a 2001 Indian Malayalam-language drama film directed by Vinayan and written by J. Pallasserry , starring Kalabhavan Mani , Kausalya and Suresh Krishna . The film also has Bharathi , Janardhanan , Sai Kumar Ganesh , Rajan P. Dev , Athira , Shivaji , Priyanka and Meena Ganesh in the cast .
The film features a soundtrack by Mohan Sithara , cinematography by Azhagappan , and editing by G. Murali . It is produced and distributed by Samson J. Paanaadan of Surabhi Cinema . The film was a commercial success at the box office . The film was remade in Tamil as Azhagesan ( 2004 ) starring Sathyaraj andi in Telugu as Konaseemalo Chittemma Kittayya ( 2016 ) starring Alla Rambabu and Gurleen Chopra .
Plot
The protagonist of the film , Kuttan , is a 30-year-old man , but he has the intelligence of a 10-year-old . People call him Karumadikkuttan as he is dark . Everyone has affection for him , and he too is always ready to do anything for anybody in the village . The remuneration that he gets for any job somehow is never above five rupees . But he works really hard when he is terribly hungry just for the sake of this meagre amount . And he has no complaints against anybody . People even ridicule him . But he thinks only of the positive aspects of things and has no grudge against anybody . He is in love with his cousin Nandini , a college student . Neelakandan is the village landlord who is a cunning man and has grabbed all the wealth from Nandini 's father a few years back . Neelakandan has a son Sekhar , who is a womanizer .
Nandini and her college professor fall in love with each other . He proposes to marry her , and she accepts . Sekhar , who has an eye on Nandini , is humiliated and slapped by Nandini while he tries to misbehave with her . As a means of revenge , Sekhar kicks Nandini and her grandmother out of their house . Nandini 's marriage is immediately stopped , and her grandmother falls ill .
Kuttan accommodates them in his small house . Later , Nandini 's grandmother dies , and Nandini is raped by Sekhar . Nandini gets pregnant but aborts with Neelakandan 's daughter 's support . Neelakandan wants to take Nandini to his house and marry Sekhar , but she refuses , and Kuttan humiliates Neelakandan . Sekhar decides to kill Kuttan . First , he kills Kuttan 's family friend Govindan Nair . In the meantime , Neelakandan dies because of his illness . Sekhar 's henchmen beat Kuttan , and Nandini kills Sekhar .
A few years later , Nandini is released from jail and lives happily with Kuttan .
Cast
Kalabhavan Mani as Karumadikkuttan
Nandini as Nandinikutty
Suresh Krishna as Shekharan
Rajan P. Dev as Neelakantan Muthalali
Bharathi Vishnuvardhan as Muthashi .
Sai Kumar as Nandini 's father
Janardhanan as Govindan Nair
K. B. Ganesh Kumar as Chandramohan Mash
Ponnamma Babu
Mala Aravindan as Aashan
Production
The film 's was shot from Kuttanad , Kerala . About the film , Vinayan says : `` We never try to look into the minds and sorrows of the mentally ill people around us . They too long for love . And love , when given to them could take them to heights . That 's what I am trying to tell in this film . '' About his character , Kalabhavan Mani says : `` I have done my best to give life to the character of a mentally ill person . I have observed the mannerisms of mentally ill people and have performed accordingly . ''
Soundtrack
The film 's soundtrack contains 12 songs , all composed by Mohan Sithara , with lyrics by Yusufali Kechery .
Box office
The film was both critical and commercial success .
References
External links
Karumadikkuttan at the Malayalam Movie Database
karumadikkuttan Malayalam
Films scored by Mohan Sithara
2000s Malayalam-language films
Indian drama films
Malayalam films remade in other languages
Films directed by Vinayan
Regional Assemblies in Ireland took their current form in 2015 . They were established under the Local Government Act 1991 , as amended by the Local Government Reform Act 2014 . They have two main functions under this statute : to promote the co-ordination of public service provision and to monitor the delivery of European Structural and Investment Funds in the regions .
The Regional Assemblies replaced Regional Authorities , which had been established under the Local Government Act 1991 as enacted and came into existence in 1994 . From 1999 to 2014 , there were two Regional Assemblies , which existed above the Regional Authority structure .
Current regional assemblies
Following an amendment to the Local Government Act 1991 by the Local Government Reform Act 2014 , the Regional Authorities were abolished and replaced by two Regional Assemblies in June 2014 . Following a further adjustment , from 1 January 2015 , there were three Regional Assemblies , each divided into Strategic Planning Committees . There are 3 regions , each of which is a NUTS 2 statistical region of Ireland . The regions are divided into strategic planning areas ( SPAs ) , which are NUTS 3 statistical regions , roughly corresponding with the former regions under the Regional Authority system .
The areas of the Regional Assemblies :
Membership
The members of the Regional Assemblies are nominated from the elected members of the local authorities in the region .
Former Regional Authorities and Regional Assemblies
The Regional Authorities were established in 1994 . In 1999 , this structure was supplemented with the addition of Regional Assemblies .
The financing of the activities of the Regional Authorities was largely borne by their constituent local authorities . To assist the Regional Authority in undertaking its functions , each has an Operational Committee and an EU Operational Committee . The Operational Committee is chaired by the Cathaoirleach ( Chairperson ) of the Regional Authority and is composed of senior management from the constituent local authorities and other relevant public sector agencies operating in the region . It helps prepare the work of the Regional Authority and assists and advises it on matters relating to its functions . Also , each Regional Authority has a designated city/county manager ( chief executive of a local authority ) from one of its local authorities to further enhance the linkages between the local authorities and the Regional Authority .
Each local authority had a certain number of seats on a Regional Authority , based loosely on the population of the local authority area . The size of the Regional Authorities varied from 21 members in the Mid-East region to 37 members in the Border region .
The EU Operational Committee has a similar , but broader , composition and assists the Regional Authority in matters relating to EU assistance and reviewing the implementation of various EU Operational Programmes in a region .
Each Regional Authority had a Director , assisted by a number of policy and administrative staff .
The Regional Authorities had specific responsibility for :
Reviewing the Development Plans of local authorities in their region and in adjoining regions ;
Preparing Regional Planning Guidelines and Regional Economic and Social Strategies ;
Promoting cooperation , joint actions , arrangements and consultation among local authorities and other public bodies .
On 1 June 2014 , the functions of the Regional Authorities were transferred to the two Regional Assemblies as established in 1999 , to create a single regional system . From 1 January 2015 , these were replaced by three Regional Assemblies , with the former Regional Authority regions being succeeded by strategic planning areas , wholly within the Regional Assemblies .
References
External links
Eastern and Midland Regional Assembly
Northern and Western Regional Assembly
Southern Regional Assembly
Regions
Prilocaine ( ) is a local anesthetic of the amino amide type first prepared by Claes Tegner and Nils Löfgren . In its injectable form ( trade name Citanest ) , it is often used in dentistry . It is also often combined with lidocaine as a topical preparation for dermal anesthesia ( lidocaine/prilocaine or EMLA ) , for treatment of conditions like paresthesia . As it has low cardiac toxicity , it is commonly used for intravenous regional anaesthesia ( IVRA ) .
Contraindications
In some patients , ortho-toluidine , a metabolite of prilocaine , may cause methemoglobinemia , which may be treated with methylene blue . Prilocaine may also be contraindicated in people with sickle cell anemia , anemia , or symptomatic hypoxia .
Combinations
It is given as a combination with the vasoconstrictor epinephrine under the trade name Citanest Forte . It is used as a eutectic mixture with lidocaine , 50 % w/w , as lidocaine/prilocaine . The mixture is an oil with a melting point of . A 5 % emulsion preparation , containing 2.5 % each of lidocaine/prilocaine , is marketed by APP Pharmaceuticals under the trade name EMLA ( an abbreviation for eutectic mixture of local anesthetics ) .
Compendial status
United States Pharmacopeia 31
See also
Lidocaine/prilocaine
References
External links
Local anesthetics
Anilides
AstraZeneca brands
Joseph McLoughney ( 10 June 1887 – 13 January 1962 ) was an Irish hurler who played for the Tipperary senior team .
Born in Thurles , County Tipperary , McLoughney first arrived on the inter-county scene when he first linked up with the Tipperary senior team . He made his senior debut during the 1906 championship . McLoughney went on to play a key role for the team over the next decade , and won one All-Ireland medal and two Munster medals . He was an All-Ireland runner-up on one occasion .
At club level McLoughney was a five-time championship medallist with Thurles .
His retirement came following the conclusion of the 1913 championship .
In retirement from playing McLoughney became involved in team management and coaching . He was a selector with the Tipperary senior team in 1924 .
Honours
Team
Thurles
Tipperary Senior Club Hurling Championship ( 5 ) 1906 , 1907 , 1908 , 1909 , 1911
Tipperary
All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship ( 1 ) : 1908
Munster Senior Hurling Championship ( 2 ) : 1908 , 1909
References
1887 births
1962 deaths
Thurles Sarsfields hurlers
Tipperary inter-county hurlers
All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship winners
Hurling selectors
The 2012 National Conference League was the 27th season of the National Conference League , the top league for British amateur rugby league clubs , and was the first season that the league was played in the summer .
The league was expanded to four tiers for the first time , with the new Division Three largely consisting of teams from the former Rugby League Conference National Division .
Premier Division
The Premier Division featured three new clubs :
Oulton Raiders , promoted as champions from 2010–11 NCL Division One
Ince Rose Bridge , promoted from 2010–11 NCL Division One
Myton Warriors , promoted from 2010–11 NCL Division One
League table
Play-offs
Division One
Division One featured six new clubs :
Hunslet Warriors , promoted as champions from 2010–11 NCL Division Two
Castleford Lock Lane , promoted from 2010–11 NCL Division Two
Egremont Rangers , promoted from 2010–11 NCL Division Two
Bradford Dudley Hill , relegated from 2010–11 NCL Premier Division
Wigan St Judes , relegated from 2010–11 NCL Premier Division
York Acorn , relegated from 2010–11 NCL Premier Division
League table
Division Two
Division Two featured five new clubs :
Normanton Knights , relegated from 2010–11 NCL Division One
Askam , played in 2011 NCL transitional season
Widnes West Bank , played in 2011 NCL transitional season
Dewsbury Celtic , joined from Rugby League Conference National Division
Featherstone Lions , joined from Rugby League Conference National Division
League table
Division Three
Of the ten clubs in the newly formed Division Three , seven joined from the former Rugby League Conference National Division and two teams were promoted from the RLC Premier Divisions ( Bristol Sonics and St Albans Centurions ) . The tenth club , South Wales Hornets , were a newly founded team . The Grand Final winners were Hemel Stags , defeating Underbank Rangers 17–10 .
At the end of the season , all clubs apart from Underbank Rangers and Coventry Bears withdrew from the league for various reasons :
Hemel Stags , accepted into Championship One
Bristol Sonics , St Albans Centurions and Nottingham Outlaws , joined newly formed Conference League South
Bramley Buffaloes and Kippax Knights , applications rejected by NCL ; joined Yorkshire Men 's League
Warrington Wizards , merged with Woolston Rovers
South Wales Hornets , folded
League table
Play-offs
Cup results
Conference Challenge Trophy :
Leigh Miners Rangers 32–24 Egremont Rangers
References
National Conference League seasons
National Conference League
Willie Brady ( 15 July 1930 – 27 March 1969 ) was an Irish ballad and country singer and recording artist , popular in Ireland and abroad in the 1950s and 1960s . He was singing and recording ballads before the `` Ballad Boom '' arrived in Ireland and recorded over 20 albums . He died at the age of 38 .
Life
Brady was born in Dún Laoghaire to a theatrical family .
He made his broadcasting debut with Radio Éireann in 1950 . He went on to become a regular on shows such as Take the Floor and Ranch-house Revels .
In the late 1950s , he signed for Irish-American recording company Avoca Records , with which he recorded his first two albums : Songs from Erin 's Green Shore and The Homes of Donegal & Other Irish Ballads . In the following years his popularity increased in Britain and the US and he continued to tour and record albums .
In 1968 , he was diagnosed with a kidney ailment which required a transplant . He died the following year , leaving a wife and four young children .
Brady was the uncle of Anne Byrne , a folk-singer who came to prominence in the 1960s with The Abbey Tavern musicians in Howth , County Dublin .
References
1930 births
1969 deaths
20th-century Irish male singers
Irish folk singers
Irish country singers
People from Dún Laoghaire
George Ainslie ( October 30 , 1838 – May 19 , 1913 ) was a lawyer , mining investor , and Congressional delegate from Idaho Territory .
Early life and career
George Ainslie was born in Boonville , Cooper County , Missouri . George 's grandfather and father had served in the Scottish regiments of the British Army . Also , his uncle , Colonel William Ainslie , served with the 93rd Regiment of Foot ( the `` Sutherland Highlanders '' ) . The exploits of `` The Sutherlands '' during the Crimean War gave rise to the phrase , `` The Thin Red Line '' , later applied to British Army infantry in general .
George 's parents , John and Mary , moved to Missouri around two years before he was born . His father became a wealthy landowner , and also operated a salt works . The family went back to Scotland for a time while George was an infant , but returned in 1844 . His father drowned in the Missouri River in June of that year .
In his late teens , Ainslie read law under experienced lawyers and a judge in St. Louis . He also attended courses at what is now St. Louis University . George attained a law degree and was admitted to the Missouri bar in 1860 . After a few months practicing law in Missouri , he moved to the Pike 's Peak area in Colorado Territory . He opened a law office there and apparently invested in some mining properties .
Relocation to Idaho
Two years later , gold discoveries in Idaho attracted Ainslie 's attention . He moved to Elk City , Idaho , during the summer of 1862 and mined in that area until the winter season closed the back country . Probably at the advice of people familiar with the region , he then started for Oregon .
In Lewiston , Idaho he was approached with a request for his professional services . Here , accounts vary on the timeline of events . George 's biography in the Illustrated History of the State of Idaho states that three men approached him to defend them in a `` citizens ' court '' against a robbery charge . More likely , however , a representative of the men approached him , because the accused robbers were then in jail . In fact , from the timing , it is possible that the trial may have already taken place , with a guilty verdict . This particular robbery had followed a series of robberies and robbery-murders in the region , and public indignation had led to a swift decision .
So George 's services were needed , whether for a trial , or for an immediate appeal . But when Ainslie went to consult with his new clients the next morning , he found them dead , hanging from the rafters of a shed behind the temporary jail . One account says that George realized `` the importance of demurrer and the irrelevancy of an appeal '' and `` retired in good order . ''
After spending the winter teaching in Clackamas County , Oregon , Ainslie moved to Idaho City , the county seat of Boise County , Idaho . He would practice law there , and invest in mining properties , for over a quarter century . George also married and began raising a family . His 1866 marriage to Sara `` Sallie '' Owens took place in Ada County . The Ainslies were strong Episcopalians , so it is possible the regional pastor was not scheduled to be in Idaho City at a convenient time . From 1869 to 1873 , Ainslie edited the Idaho World newspaper in Idaho City .
Political career
In 1865 , two years after his move to Idaho City , voters elected Ainslie to the Territorial Council ( roughly equivalent to a state senate ) . Despite his youth , members then elected him as Council President . ( Although his biography for the U. S. Congress says he was a member of the `` Territorial Legislature , '' Idaho records confirm his Council position . ) After his term in the Council , George returned to private law practice , but remained very active in Democratic Party activities . ( In keeping with the times , the Idaho World was then billed as `` the only Democratic newspaper in the Territory . '' )
In 1874 , he began a two-year term as District Attorney for the Second District of Idaho Territory . Then , in 1878 , he was elected as Idaho Territorial Delegate to the U. S. Congress . ( Delegates can vote in committee , but not on the legislative floor . ) The Republican editor of the Idaho Tri-Weekly Statesman , in Boise City , opined that `` though differing with Mr. Ainslie in politics , we freely accord to him the merit which he deserves . ''
Ainslie served two terms as Delegate before losing a re-election bid in 1882 . He never again ran for public office , but remained a power in state-level Democratic Party politics for many years . In 1889 , he represented Boise County in the Idaho constitutional convention .
Later life and career
After its heyday , Idaho City steadily declined in population . Thus , Ainslie moved his family to Boise in 1890 , after purchasing an estate across the street from the U. S. Assay Office . He then invested heavily in various enterprises in Boise . That included the Boise Artesian Hot & Cold Water Company and the Boise Rapid Transit Company .
George never lost his interest in mining . For nine years after about 1888 , he owned stock in a company that had extensive placer mining claims stretching along Mores Creek from two miles above Idaho City to about four miles below the town . In the early 1890s , those claims became involved in protracted litigation . However , Ainslie and his co-owners eventually won their cases and , in 1897 , sold out to a firm that built the first large gold dredge along Mores Creek .
The Ainslie 's two daughters , Lucy and Adelma , continued the family tradition of service . Lucy married a prominent San Francisco physician . Adelma married John F. Nugent , later a U. S. Senator from Idaho . A grandson , George Ainslie Nugent , served in the armed forces during World War I . Around 1906 , poor health led Ainslie to seek more extensive medical treatment in California . By about 1908 , he had moved to Oakland , California . He died there five years later .
References
Other sources
1838 births
1913 deaths
American people of Scottish descent
People from Boonville , Missouri
Members of the Idaho Territorial Legislature
Delegates to the United States House of Representatives from Idaho Territory
Idaho Democrats
19th-century American politicians
People from Idaho City , Idaho
American lawyers admitted to the practice of law by reading law
The Petersburg Generals were an amateur baseball team in the Coastal Plain League , a collegiate summer baseball league . The team played its home games at the Petersburg Sports Complex in Petersburg , Virginia . The Generals first started participating in the Coastal Plain League in 2000 . The Generals made it to the postseason twice : winning two division championships , in 2000 and 2003 , and as a wild card team in 2002 . They won their lone league championship in 2000 .
In 2017 , while having financial trouble , the acting city manager of Petersburg approved the sale of the team for $ 100,000 . The team is not scheduled to participate in the 2017 Coastal Plain League season .
Alumni
Brett Campbell ( 2001 ) ; pitcher , Washington Nationals ( 2006 )
Don Kelly ( 2000 ) ; shortstop , Pittsburgh Pirates ( 2007 ) , Detroit Tigers ( 2009-2014 ) , Miami Marlins ( 2015–2016 )
Jeremy Wolf ( 2014 ) , American-Israeli outfielder/first baseman on the Israel National Baseball Team
References
External links
Coastal Plain League
Coastal Plain League
Petersburg , Virginia
Amateur baseball teams in Virginia
2000 establishments in Virginia
Baseball teams established in 2000
2017 disestablishments in Virginia
Baseball teams disestablished in 2017
Defunct baseball teams in Virginia
Susan Lois Graham ( born September 16 , 1942 ) is an American computer scientist . Graham is the Pehong Chen Distinguished Professor Emerita in the Computer Science Division of the Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Sciences at the University of California , Berkeley .
Education and professional career
Born in Cleveland , Graham received her A.B . in mathematics from Harvard in 1964 .
She did her graduate work in computer science at Stanford , receiving her M.S . in 1966 and her Ph.D. in 1971 under the supervision of David Gries .
In 1971 she joined the faculty of the University of California , Berkeley , rising from assistant professor ( 1971–1976 ) , through associate professor ( 1976–1981 ) to full professor from 1981 onwards .
Graham 's research projects include :
Harmonia – A language-based framework for interactive software development .
Titanium - A Java-based parallel programming language , compiler , and runtime system .
Graham was the founding editor of the ACM Transactions on Programming Languages and Systems . Graham has published dozens of research articles and has lectured and published extensively on subjects in computer languages , compilers and programming environments .
She is a member of the United States President 's Council of Advisors on Science and Technology . Among other activities , she chaired the Panel on Open Source Software for High-end Computing .
Graham has long been involved with Harvard , culminating with her joining the Harvard Corporation
in 2011 .
Honors and awards
She was elected a member of the National Academy of Engineering in 1993 for contributions to the theory and practice of compiler construction and for leadership in the computer science community .
In 1994 she was inducted as a Fellow of the Association for Computing Machinery . She is also a Fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science , the American Academy of Arts and Sciences , and the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers ( IEEE ) .
In 2004 , her paper on Gprof appeared on the list of the 50 most influential PLDI papers of all time as one of four papers of 1982 year .
In 2009 , she was awarded the IEEE John von Neumann Medal for `` contributions to programming language design and implementation and for exemplary service to the discipline of computer science '' .
On Sept. 29 , 2011 it was announced that she had been chosen to receive the ACM-IEEE-CS Ken Kennedy Award on November 15 , 2011 in Seattle at SC11 , the international conference on high-performance computing .
Graham is featured in the Notable Women in Computing cards .
Personal life
Graham is married to professor emeritus Michael A. Harrison of UC Berkeley .
See also
List of computer scientists
References
External links
Susan L. Graham home page
Living people
Harvard College alumni
Stanford University School of Engineering alumni
UC Berkeley College of Engineering faculty
Fellows of the Association for Computing Machinery
Fellows of the American Association for the Advancement of Science
Fellow Members of the IEEE
Programming language researchers
American computer scientists
American women computer scientists
1942 births
Members of the United States National Academy of Engineering
21st-century American women
Beverly Hickok ( October 31 , 1919 – October 9 , 2014 ) , sometimes written as Bev Hickock , was an American librarian , founder and head of the Transportation Library at the University of California , Berkeley . She was also a prominent early member of gay rights and lesbian community organizations in the San Francisco area .
Early life
Hickock was born in San Francisco , California , the only child of Clifton Ewing Hickok ( 1880 –1954 ) and Adelaide Valentine Cutler Hickok ( 1887–1987 ) . Her father , a civil engineer from Missouri , was a city official in Alameda . She attended the University of California , Berkeley as an undergraduate , and earned a master 's degree in library science .
Career
Hickok taught as a young woman . She was a riveter at a Douglas Aircraft plant in Santa Monica , and a member of the United States Navy WAVES during World War II . She created the Transportation Library at the University of California , Berkeley in 1948 , and was head of the collection . She compiled and published several specialized bibliographies and research guides for transportation engineers . She was president of the San Francisco Bay chapter of the Special Libraries Association . In 1982 , she received the first Professional Achievement Award from the Transportation Division of the Special Libraries Association , in the year of her retirement from Berkeley .
Hickok was an early member of gay rights organizations in San Francisco , including the Daughters of Bilitis , Old Lesbians Organizing for Change ( OLOC ) and Lavender Seniors . A story by Hickok , `` The Gay Party '' , was published in The Ladder . She wrote a book , Against the Current ; Coming Out in the 40s ( 2003 ) . She gave oral history interviews in 1994 , to the GLBT Historical Society , and in 2003 , to the Old Lesbians Oral History Project .
Personal life
Hickok 's first long-term partner was photographer Cecil ( Cece ) Davis ; they were together 41 years before Davis died in 1988 . Her second long-term partner was Doreen Brand ; they legally married in 2008 , after 18 years together . Hickok died in 2014 , aged 94 years . Her papers are part of the June L. Mazer Lesbian Archives at UCLA .
References
1919 births
2014 deaths
American women librarians
University of California , Berkeley staff
University of California , Berkeley alumni
People from San Francisco
Lesbian academics
LGBT rights activists from the United States
WAVES ( Navy )
LGBT people from California
21st-century LGBT people
21st-century American women
KJLL may refer to :
KJLL-LP , a low-power radio station ( 107.7 FM ) licensed to serve Hobbs , New Mexico , United States
KWFM , a defunct radio station ( 1330 AM ) formerly licensed to serve South Tucson , Arizona , United States , known as KJLL from 1999 through 2012
KYLA , a radio station ( 92.7 FM ) licensed to serve Fountain Valley , California , United States , known as KJLL-FM from 2007 through 2012
George Bowyer had a hit single in the UK Singles Chart in 1998 with the song , `` Guardians of the Land '' . The then 33-year-old agricultural insurance broker George Bowyer , hit the record stores with the backing of the pro-hunting pressure group , the Countryside Alliance .
The single made number 33 in August 1998 .
References
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Jerzy Tabeau ( 18 December 1918 – 11 May 2002 ) , an imprisoned Polish medical student , was one of the first escapees from Auschwitz to give a detailed report to the outside world on the genocide occurring there . First reports in early 1942 had been made by the Polish officer Witold Pilecki . Zabłotów-born Tabeau 's report was known as that of the `` Polish major '' in the Auschwitz Protocols . After the war , he became a noted cardiologist in Kraków .
Tabeau was a member of the Union of Armed Struggle , Związek Walki Zbrojnej ( ZWZ ) and had worked in the Polish underground under the pseudonym `` Jerzy Wesołowski '' in Kraków , distributing underground press . He was captured and taken to the Gestapo 's Montelupich Prison in Kraków . On 26 March 1942 , he was transferred to Auschwitz , and - still under his false name - registered under the number 27273 . He soon fell ill with pneumonia and pleurisy , and was placed in the camp hospital . After recovering , he joined the hospital staff as a nurse . In the summer of 1942 he came down with typhus and was selected by Nazi doctor Dr. Josef Klehr to be included in the list of patients to be killed in the gas chambers . However , thanks to an intervention by the Polish block elder , Alfred Stossel , he managed to escape death .
Tabeau escaped with another Polish inmate , Roman Cieliczko , on 19 November 1943 . The escape was pre-planned in July 1943 and originally intended to include five prisoners escape . As Cieliczko was in the camp under his given name , not a pseudonym , it was essential to first warn Cieliczko 's mother in Zakopane to go into hiding . Escapees ' relatives were often captured in reprisal . On 14 July 1943 , a message was sent to Cieliczko 's mother to go into hiding .
Tabeau and Cieliczko escaped by cutting through the camp 's wire fence . They made their way to the village of Goczałkowice where local Resistance welcomed them , then continued on to Zakopane and stayed with friends of Cieliczko . Tabeau boarded a freight train to Kraków , while Cieliczko joined a partisan unit but was killed by German troops in a sabotage operation three months later . Tabeau contacted Teresa Lasocka-Estreicher , and later joined the underground Kraków PPS . In December 1943 , Tabeau proceeded to prepare a report about the camp . The work was completed in early 1944 .
In March , on the orders of the Underground , he left Kraków on a mission to London to give testimony in person about the Polish resistance and confirm to the Allies the truth about the Nazi genocide . The journey took place without incident . After returning to Poland , he went to the Nowy Sącz area to form a `` Socialist Death Battalion . '' During one of the battles near Jordanów in October 1944 , Tabeau was wounded in the head , leaving him partially paralysed . However , he lived to see the end of the war . After 1945 , he settled in Kraków , completing his medical studies and graduating from the Jagiellonian University . He became an assistant professor of medicine , and a well-known cardiologist in Kraków .
Tabeau 's report
Reports of the German genocide were emerging , including the 10 December 1942 address by the Polish Government in Exile to the League of Nations , and evidence from escaped Jewish inmate from Majdanek , Dionys Lenard . However , as yet there was limited information about the conveyor-belt of death at Auschwitz .
Tabeau compiled his report between December 1943 and January 1944 . It was copied using a stencil machine in Geneva in August 1944 , and was distributed by the Polish government-in-exile and the Bratislava Working Group , reaching Czechoslovak diplomat Jaromír Kopecký in Switzerland . This was eventually included in the Auschwitz Protocols as the 19-page `` No 2 . Transport `` The Polish Major 's Report '' . The contents of the Protocols was discussed in detail by The New York Times on 26 November 1944 .
Other eye witness reports
Several escapees from the camp had already passed on information to the outside : On 20 June 1942 three Poles Kazimierz Piechowski , Stanisław Gustaw Jaster , Józef Lempart and the Ukrainian Eugeniusz Bendera escaped , with a report by Witold Pilecki passing his information to the Polish Home Army ( AK ) . On 27 April 1943 Witold Pilecki himself , a Polish Home Army agent who had deliberately infiltrated the camp in order to found Związek Organizacji Wojskowej ( ZOW ) cells inside it and to take measures against the German extermination policy of the Polish intelligentsia , escaped together with two other Polish soldiers , Jan Redzej and Edward Ciesielski . Each compiled a separate report for the Polish Home Army . Witold 's report was translated into English but was filed away by the British government with a note appended stating there was no indication as to the source 's reliability .
On 2 November 1943 Kazimirez Halori , another Polish prisoner , escaped and passed information to the Polish Socialist Party . Natalia Zarembina assembled testimony from another Polish escaper and others into a report entitled `` Auschwitz—Camp of Death '' which was published in English in 1943 in London .
References
1918 births
2002 deaths
Physicians from Kraków
Polish humanitarians
Polish resistance members of World War II
Polish Socialist Party politicians
Polish people of French descent
Auschwitz concentration camp survivors
Escapees from Auschwitz
Polish cardiologists
Jagiellonian University faculty
Hồ Minh Thu ( born 15 June 1929 ) is a Vietnamese former sports shooter . He competed at the 1968 Summer Olympics and the 1972 Summer Olympics . He also competed at the 1970 and 1974 Asian Games .
References
External links
1929 births
Possibly living people
Vietnamese male sport shooters
Olympic shooters of Vietnam
Shooters at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Shooters at the 1972 Summer Olympics
People from Bạc Liêu Province
Asian Games medalists in shooting
Shooters at the 1970 Asian Games
Shooters at the 1974 Asian Games
Asian Games bronze medalists for Vietnam
Medalists at the 1970 Asian Games
This is a list of factions in the Mexican Revolution .
Carrancistas
Revolutionary followers of Venustiano Carranza from 1913 to 1914 , and thereafter the Government army from 1914 until his death in 1920 . In 1915 , an insurgent group known as the Seditionistas was formed and supported by the Carrancistas .
Constitutionalistas ( Constitutionalists )
Title first used for all anti-Huerta forces in the north before the 1914 breakaway of Pancho Villa following the defeat of Victoriano Huerta . Venustiano Carranza , the `` First Chief '' of the Revolution , attracted talented generals to his faction , most especially Álvaro Obregón . Obregón defeated Villa 's División del Norte in the Battle of Celaya , ending Villa as a national force . The Constitutionalists were eventually the victorious faction of the Revolution , with Carranza becoming president of Mexico and the Mexican Constitution of 1917 , drafted by this winning faction in a constitutional convention at Querétaro , was promulgated .
Conventionalists
Joint name for Villistas and Zapatistas as supporters of the Convention of Aguascalientes . Held in October–November 1914 , the northern coalition that defeated Huerta in July 1914 attempted to settle the path forward following the victory . Pancho Villa dominated the convention , but Alvaro Obregón also played a role . Villa had split from Carranza following Huerta 's defeat , while Obregón remained loyal to First Chief Venustiano Carranza . Those supporting Villa marginalized Carranza 's role . Emiliano Zapata and Villa pledged support for each other 's armies , but it was in principle only , not in practice . Eulalio Gutiérrez was elected president of Mexico by the convention . Carranza and Obregón retreated to Veracruz . The Conventionists briefly held practically all Mexican territory , but the central authority was weak and could not hold the advantage against the smaller Constitutionalist faction . Obregón decisively defeated Villa in a series of battles the summer of 1915 , ending the Conventionists as a force .
Federales
Term used for all Government troops from Mexican independence in 1821 to 1914 , but usually associated particularly with Victoriano Huerta 's Federal Army . ( Huerta was president from February 1913 to July 1914 ) . The Federal Army was disbanded in August 1914 following Huerta 's resignation and exile .
See also Rurales for national mounted police force forming part of the Federal forces under Diaz and Huerta .
Felicistas
Adherents of Brig . General Felix Diaz , nephew of former president Porfirio Díaz , who opposed both the Madero and Carranza governments in rebellions between 1913 and 1920 . He led the reactionary conservative National Reorganizer Army in ineffective revolts late in the Revolution .
Huertistas
Followers of the dictator Victoriano Huerta . Generally considered clones of their leader , never worked without their leader 's command , known to intrigue with the Germans in order to keep or regain power .
Maderistas
Name given to various revolutionary armies fighting under the umbrella leadership of Francisco I. Madero in 1910–11 , during the first part of the war . Maderistas in the postrevolutionary phase of Mexican history sought to keep alive the memory of Madero , who was martyred during the February 1913 Ten Tragic Days .
Magonistas
The military wing of the Partido Liberal Mexicano ( PLM ) under the leadership of the Flores-Magon brothers , who organised abortive local uprisings against Diaz in 1906 and 1908 , and fomented further revolts after 1911 , particularly in Baja California . A force of Magonistas was led by the Welsh soldier of fortune General Carol Ap Rhys Pryce , the `` Gringo Revolutionary '' .
Orozquistas ( Colorados )
Followers of Pascual Orozco , also known as the Colorados ( `` Red Flaggers '' ) . They fought first for Madero , 1910–11 , and revolted against his government in 1912 under the Plan Orozquista , before joining the Huerta army in February 1913 . Contemporary newspaper reports on the Mexican Revolution referred to Colorados as the `` irregulars '' of the Federal Army .
Porfiristas
Supporters of long-time Mexican dictator Porfirio Díaz . The Porfiristas were generally conservative , experienced bureaucrats ( popularly known as cientificos or scientists ) and soldiers of the Diaz regime . After the fall of Diaz , many Porfiristas made intrigues with Reyistas , Huertistas , and Felicistas .
Reyistas
Supporters of long time military man and politician General Bernardo Reyes . Reyes and Reyistas participated in the plotting of the coup to overthrow Madero in La decena tragica of February 1913 , in which both Madero and Reyes were killed .
Villistas
Followers of Francisco `` Pancho '' Villa , mainly serving in the División del Norte ( Northern Division ) . Formed part of the Maderista forces , and later fought in opposition to the Huerta and Carranza governments , the Villistas later formed a spatially isolated alliance with the Zapatistas , who remained in Morelos . Villa 's men were mostly made up of vaquero and charro caudillos , rancheros , shopkeepers , miners , migrant farmworkers , unemployed workers , railway workers , and Maderista bureaucrats , who seized haciendas and fought for an undefined socialism . Adolfo Gilly wrote that Villismo , though fighting for land redistribution and justice , did not challenge capitalist relations as previously set down during the Porfirio era , but was merely an outgrowth of the bourgeois state-oriented revolution of Madera .
Zapatistas
Followers of Emiliano Zapata , based in Morelos state from 1911 until his death in 1919 . They fought for Madero until Zapata became disillusioned with his policies , and thereafter in opposition to all Mexican governments until their leader 's death in 1919 . The Zapatistas fought for radical land redistribution and political autonomy , and rallied behind the anarchist demand , ¡Tierra y Libertad ! .
References
Factions in the Mexican Revolution
Factions in the Mexican Revolution
The stuffed cucumber is an ingredient found in various cuisines around the world . Some stuffed cucumber dishes , such as Korean oi sobaegi , incorporate preserved cucumbers , whereas others , such as American recipes , use fresh cucumbers . The ingredients used to actually stuff the cucumber vary widely from cuisine to cuisine .
Many different dishes incorporating stuffed cucumber exist . In Korean cuisine , oi sobaegi is a kimchi made from stuffed cucumber filled with onions , shrimp , ginger , garlic and chili . In Nevşehir , Turkey , ripe cucumbers are dried in the sun , then stuffed with bulghur seasoned with dill , mint , tomato paste and onion .
American cookbooks from the early 20th century described many different fillings for stuffed cucumber , including French dressing , mayonnaise , tomatoes , walnuts , celery , onions , and lobster . After being hollowed out with a specialized tool , the filling is piped into the cucumber . Some versions and breaded and fried before being served whole , or sliced to serve as a garnish for another dish . Others are stewed or baked in gravy . At state fairs in the United States in the 2010s , stuffed cucumbers were marketed as a `` healthier alternative '' to deep fried or chocolate covered fair food .
See also
List of stuffed dishes
References
State fairs
American vegetable dishes
Stuffed dishes
Mayonnaise
Korean vegetable dishes
Turkish vegetarian cuisine
Armand Imbert ( 1850-1922 ) and Adolf Fick ( 1829-1901 ) both demonstrated , independently of each other , that in ocular tonometry the tension of the wall can be neutralized when the application of the tonometer produces a flat surface instead of a concave one , and the reading of the tonometer ( P ) then equals ( T ) the IOP , '' whence all forces cancel each other . The question remained , however , if and how the `` plane '' pressing is recognized .
This principle was used by Hans Goldmann ( 1899–1991 ) who referred to it as the Imbert-Fick `` law '' , thus giving his newly marketed tonometer ( with the help of the Haag-Streit Company ) a quasi-scientific basis ; it is mentioned in the ophthalmic and optometric literature , but not in any books of physics . According to Goldmann , `` The law states that the pressure in a sphere filled with liquid and surrounded by an infinitely thin membrane is measured by the counterpressure which just flattens the membrane . '' `` The law presupposes that the membrane is without thickness and without rigidity ... practically without any extensibility . ''
The problem is that a sphere formed by such a membrane and filled with incompressible liquid ( water ) can not be indented or applanated even when the pressure inside is zero , because a sphere contains the maximum volume with the minimum surface area . Any deformation necessarily increases surface area , which is impossible if the membrane is inelastic , such as aluminum foil .
The actual physical basis of tonometry is Newton 's third law of motion : `` If you press a stone eyeball with your finger , the finger is also pressed by the stone eyeball . ''
The law is this :
Intraocular pressure = Contact force/Area of contact
The law assumes that the cornea is infinitely thin , perfectly elastic , and perfectly flexible . None of these assumptions are true . The cornea is a membrane that has thickness and offers resistance when pressed . Therefore , in Goldmann tonometry , readings are normally taken when an area of 3.06mm diameter has been flattened . At this point the opposing forces of corneal rigidity and the tear film are roughly approximate in a normal cornea and cancel each other out allowing the pressure in the eye to be inferred from the force applied .
Notes
Pressure
Ananda TV ( ; ) , also known by its acronym ATV ( ) , is a Bangladeshi Bengali-language privately owned satellite and cable television channel headquartered in the Chairman Bari neighborhood of Banani in Dhaka , which commenced official transmissions on 11 March 2018 with the `` Hridoyer Kotha Bole '' ( হৃদয়ের কথা বলে ; ) slogan . The channel 's programming consists of both news and entertainment .
History
Ananda TV was initially licensed as 'ATV ' by the Bangladesh Telecommunication Regulatory Commission in November 2013 . Its frequency allocation was granted in January 2015 . Ananda TV commenced test transmissions on 24 January 2018 . Later , they were allowed to officially commence transmissions on 14 February 2018 .
A press conference regarding the launch of the channel was held in its headquarters on 10 March . Later , Ananda TV officially began broadcasting the following day , with a launch ceremony held . It also claimed to aim to showcase the Bengali culture and heritage to audiences by the spirit of the liberation war .
The channel 's founder was Abbas Ullah Shikder , the producer of the popular 1989 Bangladeshi film , Beder Meye Josna , who later died on 18 January 2020 . Others present at the launch ceremony were the Minister of Information Hasanul Haq Inu , Ananda TV 's former chairman Hasan Taufique Abbas , and former managing director Nurul Islam . The channel began broadcasting via the Bangabandhu-1 satellite in 2019 . On 21 August 2021 , the building where Ananda TV is based in caught on fire .
References
External links
Ananda TV on Facebook
Ananda TV on YouTube
Television channels in Bangladesh
Television channels and stations established in 2018
Mass media in Dhaka
2018 establishments in Bangladesh
Luven ( formerly known as Luvis ) is a former municipality in the district of Surselva in the Swiss canton of Graubünden . On 1 January 2014 the former municipalities of Luven , Castrisch , Ilanz , Ladir , Pitasch , Riein , Ruschein , Schnaus , Sevgein , Duvin , Pigniu , Rueun and Siat merged into the new municipality of Ilanz/Glion .
History
Luven is first mentioned in 765 as Lobene .
Coat of arms
The municipal coat of arms is a red field with a white Bible with black Alpha and Omega letters on it . It represents the conversion of the village to the Protestant Reformation .
Geography
Before the merger , Luven had a total area of . Of this area , 52 % is used for agricultural purposes , while 41.9 % is forested . Of the rest of the land , 4.5 % is settled ( buildings or roads ) and the remainder ( 1.7 % ) is non-productive ( rivers , glaciers or mountains ) .
The former municipality is located in the Ilanz sub-district of the Surselva district . Before 2000 it was part of the Glenner district . It is located on the eastern slope of the Piz Mundaun . Until 1943 Luven was known by its German name as Luvis .
Demographics
Luven had a population ( as of 2011 ) of 199. , 2.6 % of the population was made up of foreign nationals . Over the last 10 years the population has decreased at a rate of -9.7 % . Most of the population ( ) speaks the Sursilvan dialect of Romansh ( 59.6 % ) , with German being second most common ( 35.0 % ) and Albanian being third ( 3.8 % ) .
, the gender distribution of the population was 48.4 % male and 51.6 % female . The age distribution , , in Luven is ; 33 children or 18.0 % of the population are between 0 and 9 years old and 17 teenagers or 9.3 % are between 10 and 19 . Of the adult population , 21 people or 11.5 % of the population are between 20 and 29 years old . 25 people or 13.7 % are between 30 and 39 , 25 people or 13.7 % are between 40 and 49 , and 18 people or 9.8 % are between 50 and 59 . The senior population distribution is 17 people or 9.3 % of the population are between 60 and 69 years old , 19 people or 10.4 % are between 70 and 79 , there are 7 people or 3.8 % who are between 80 and 89 there is 1 person who is between 90 and 99 .
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the SVP which received 57.7 % of the vote . The next three most popular parties were the SP ( 20.7 % ) , the FDP ( 9.7 % ) and the CVP ( 8.3 % ) .
The entire Swiss population is generally well educated . In Luven about 65.5 % of the population ( between age 25-64 ) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education ( either university or a Fachhochschule ) .
Luven has an unemployment rate of 0.32 % . , there were 25 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 9 businesses involved in this sector . 6 people are employed in the secondary sector and there are 2 businesses in this sector . 9 people are employed in the tertiary sector , with 4 businesses in this sector .
The historical population is given in the following table :
References
External links
Official website
Ilanz/Glion
Former municipalities of Graubünden
Fort Clinton ( originally known as Fort Arnold ) was an American Revolutionary War fort located near West Point , New York . Commanded by and named after Benedict Arnold before his betrayal of the United States and defection to the British Army , the fortification was renamed after General James Clinton .
History
Construction of the fort was begun under Captain Louis de la Radiere , and completed under Colonel Tadeusz Kościuszko between 1778–1780 ; it was the key defensive fortification , overlooking the turn in the Hudson River and the Great Chain .
In 1778 , Major General Israel Putnam wrote , `` The place agreed upon to obstruct the navigation of Hudson river was at West Point . '' `` As the governor 's brother , Colonel James Clinton , and his brigade would build the main fort , it was to be named after him . '' The southern and western walls were nine feet high and twenty feet thick . Three redoubts and batteries on the south were named Forts Meigs , Wyllys and Webb .
After the war , the remains of the fort fell into disrepair and were eventually demolished to make way for the expansion of the United States Military Academy , founded at the garrison in 1802 . Today , all that remains of Fort Clinton are some earthworks and stone base structures , easily seen off of Thayer Road as it rounds the plain and the soccer fields at West Point .
See also
Constitution Island
Fort Putnam
Kosciuszko 's Garden
Redoubt Four ( West Point )
References
1780 establishments in New York ( state )
Clinton
Buildings and structures in Orange County , New York
Clinton
Hudson River
Military installations established in 1780
New York ( state ) in the American Revolution
Ruins in the United States
United States Military Academy
Shelby Walker ( February 27 , 1975 – September , 24 , 2006 ) was an American professional boxer and mixed martial artist . Walker , also known as Shelby Girl , was born as Shelby Rogers .
Combat career
After five years in active duty and in the reserve of the US Army , Walker began her career as an mixed martial artist . Of her six MMA bouts , she won three and lost three .
In 2002 , Walker became a professional boxer . In her boxing career , she completed 14 bouts . She won seven ( six of them by K.O . ) , lost six and reached a draw .
Shelby Walker was originally supposed to fight Erica Montoya at UFC 51 , if it occurred it would have been the first female MMA bout in the UFC . The fight never materialised , `` Big Dog '' Benny Henderson Jr. asked Shelby Walker , `` It has been rumored that you may fight Erika Montoya at UFC 51 , is there any truth to those rumors ? '' Walker replied , `` Yeah there is truth to those rumors , it has been talked about a lot and when I asked Dana White if he was going to put us on the show he said possibly , so that is where
it stands right now . I have n't heard anything more from this but my biggest dream would be to fight in the UFC . ''
Professional boxing record
Mixed martial arts record
|-
|Loss
|align=center|2–3
|Adrienna Jenkins
|Submission ( rear-naked choke )
|HOOKnSHOOT Evolution 2
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|1:27
|Evansville , Indiana , United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|2–2
|Beth Westover
|Decision ( unanimous )
|Absolute Fighting Championships 4
|
|align=center|2
|align=center|5:00
|Fort Lauderdale , Florida , United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|1–2
|Angela Wilson
|TKO ( punches )
|USMMA 3 : Ring of Fury
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|0:05
|Boston , Massachusetts , United States
|
|-
|Loss
|align=center|0–2
|Tara LaRosa
|Submission ( punches )
|HOOKnSHOOT Revolution
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|2:43
|Evansville , Indiana , United States
|
|-
|Loss
|align=center|0–1
|Judy Neff
|Submission ( armbar )
|HOOKnSHOOT Kings 1
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|0:40
|Evansville , Indiana , United States
|
|-
| }
References
External links
1975 births
2006 deaths
Lightweight boxers
People from Kingsville , Texas
American female mixed martial artists
Flyweight mixed martial artists
Mixed martial artists utilizing boxing
Mixed martial artists from Texas
American women boxers
Boxers from Texas
Drug-related deaths in Florida
Featherweight boxers
20th-century American women
21st-century American women
Adam Rogers ( born December 9 , 1985 ) is a former professional Canadian football offensive lineman . He most recently played for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats of the Canadian Football League . He was signed by the Edmonton Eskimos as an undrafted free agent in 2008 . He played CIS football for the Acadia Axemen .
External links
Hamilton Tiger-Cats bio
1985 births
Living people
Acadia Axemen football players
Canadian football offensive linemen
Edmonton Elks players
Hamilton Tiger-Cats players
Sportspeople from Kawartha Lakes
Players of Canadian football from Ontario
Eben Alexander ( March 9 , 1851 – March 11 , 1910 ) was an American scholar , educator , dean , and diplomat .
Life and career
Alexander was born in Knoxville , Tennessee , on March 9 , 1851 , to Judge Ebenezer Alexander and Margaret White McClung . Alexander attended the University of Tennessee ( then known as East Tennessee University ) for two years , then matriculated to Yale in 1869 where he graduated in 1873 with an A.B . He was initiated into Yale 's Skull and Bones in 1873 . After graduation , Alexander returned to Knoxville and taught Greek at the University of Tennessee , from 1873 to 1886 , first as an instructor and then as Professor . In 1886 , he moved to the University of North Carolina , in Chapel Hill , where from 1886 to 1893 he was Professor of Greek language and literature .
In 1893 President Grover Cleveland appointed him `` Envoy Extraordinary , Minister Plenipotentiary , and Consul General to Greece , Roumania , and Servia '' [ sic ] . As ambassador to Greece , he helped in the revival of the Olympic Games , making the first cash contribution to the organizing committee , encouraging the participation of American athletes , and with his wife hosting numerous social events during the period of the games , which ran from April 6 to April 15 , 1896 .
On his return from Greece , Alexander resumed teaching Greek at the University of North Carolina . He introduced modern Greek into the curriculum and served as academic dean from 1900 or 1901 until the time of his death . Perhaps more importantly , he worked , both before and after his time in Greece , to improve the University 's library , serving as supervisor of the University library in 1891–1893 and again from 1901 onwards . During his tenure as supervisor , a new Carnegie library was built , and the University hired its first real librarian , Louis Round Wilson . That Carnegie library built under Alexander 's tenure is now Hill Hall on the campus of the University of North Carolina .
He received the degree of Ph.D. from Maryville College in 1886 , and that of LL.D . from the University of North Carolina in 1893 , and was an instructor in the Summer school of the South in June and July , 1902 .
In 1905 Alexander was inducted into the Order of the Golden Fleece , an honor society at the University of North Carolina that was modeled on Yale 's Skull and Bones . During the academic year 1909–1910 Alexander 's health began to fail . He took a leave of absence in the spring of 1910 , returned to Knoxville , and there died on March 11 , 1910 . The University of North Carolina 1911 annual yearbook , Yackety Yack , was dedicated in his memory .
Family
Eben Alexander 's father , Ebenezer Alexander , was a prominent judge in Tennessee , and his grandfather , Adam Rankin Alexander , was the founder of Alexandria , Tennessee and a member of the House of Representatives from 1823 to 1827 .
Alexander married Marion Howard-Smith on October 15 , 1874 , and they had four children , two sons and two daughters .
Descendants of the same name
Eben Alexander was the father , grandfather , great-grandfather and great-great-grandfather of four Eben Alexanders . He and his descendants use these generational suffixes :
Eben Alexander ( 1851–1910 ) , diplomat and scholar – progenitor
Eben Alexander Sr. , Knoxville , physician — son
Eben Alexander II ( or Jr. ) , Chief of Neurosurgery at Wake Forest Baptist Medical Center in Winston-Salem , North Carolina — grandson
Eben Alexander III , born December 1953 , academic neurosurgeon , author of Proof of Heaven — great-grandson
Eben Alexander IV , born 1987 , studied neuroscience in college — great-great-grandson
References
Citations
Sources
External links
1851 births
1910 deaths
People from Knoxville , Tennessee
Yale University alumni
University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill faculty
University of Tennessee faculty
Ambassadors of the United States to Greece
Ambassadors of the United States to Romania
Harvard Medical School faculty
19th-century American diplomats
Classical scholars of the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill
Kerur is a village in the Sabang CD block in the Kharagpur subdivision of the Paschim Medinipur district in the state of West Bengal , India .
Geography
Location
Kerur is located at .
Area overview
Kharagpur subdivision , shown partly in the map alongside , mostly has alluvial soils , except in two CD blocks in the west – Kharagpur I and Keshiary , which mostly have lateritic soils . Around 74 % of the total cultivated area is cropped more than once . With a density of population of 787 per km2nearly half of the district 's population resides in this subdivision . 14.33 % of the population lives in urban areas and 86.67 % lives in the rural areas .
Note : The map alongside presents some of the notable locations in the subdivision . All places marked in the map are linked in the larger full screen map .
Demographics
According to the 2011 Census of India , Kerur had a total population of 1,652 , of which 847 ( 51 % ) were males and 805 ( 51 % ) were females . There were 200 persons in the age range of 0–6 years . The total number of literate persons in Kerur was 1,258 ( 86.64 % of the population over 6 years ) .
. * For language details see Sabang ( community development block ) # Language and religion
Education
Kerur High School is a Bengali-medium co-educational institution established in 1970 . It has facilities for teaching from class V to class X . It has a library with 594 books , 10 computers and a playground .
Kerur picture gallery
References
External links
Villages in Paschim Medinipur district
Gene Johnson may refer to :
Gene Johnson ( defensive back ) ( 1935–1997 ) , American football player
Gene Johnson ( quarterback ) ( born 1969 ) , American football player
Gene Johnson ( athlete ) ( born 1941 ) , American high jumper
Gene Johnson ( basketball ) ( 1902–1989 ) , American basketball coach
Gene Johnson ( virologist ) , American virologist
Gene Johnson , member of Diamond Rio
See also
Jean Johnson ( disambiguation )
The McRib is a barbecue-flavored pork sandwich periodically sold by the international fast food restaurant chain McDonald 's . It was first introduced to the McDonald 's menu in 1981 , following test marketing the year before .
After poor sales , it was removed from the menu in 1985 . It was reintroduced in 1989 , staying on the menu until 2005 in many countries . Since 2006 , it has generally been made available for a short time each year in most markets where it is sold , typically during the fall season , although it is a permanent menu item at McDonald 's restaurants in Germany and Luxembourg .
Product description
The McRib consists of a restructured boneless pork patty shaped like a miniature rack of ribs , barbecue sauce , onions , and pickles , served as a sandwich on a 5½ inch ( 14 cm ) roll . Meat restructuring was developed by the US Army to deliver low-cost meat to troops in the field . The process was refined by a Natick Army Labs meat scientist , Dr. Roger Mandigo , leading to the McRib patty . It is primarily composed of ground pork shoulder .
Government does n't patent their intellectual property , so anyone can use it . They ( the Natick Center ) presented material at technical meetings ... The military allowed us to use the processes they 'd developed . − Roger Mandigo , Natick Center contractor and meat scientist
In an attempt to give pork `` the same stature as beef in the institutional market , '' the National Pork Producers Council funded Mandigo to show how to apply the new technique . Using his roadmap , McDonald 's then developed `` a patty of pork made from small flakes of meat taken from the shoulders of a pig ''
The McRib Jr. was available briefly in 2000 . This version replaced the roll with a standard hamburger bun , and was served with two pickles and a smaller pork patty .
History
1981–2004
The McRib made its debut in the United States in 1981 , as a limited-time item . It was developed by McDonald 's first Executive Chef René Arend , a native of Luxembourg who invented Chicken McNuggets in 1979 . `` The McNuggets were so well received that every franchise wanted them , '' said Arend in a 2009 interview . `` There was n't a system to supply enough chicken . We had to come up with something to give the other franchises as a new product . So the McRib came about because of the shortage of chickens . '' It was his inspiration to shape the McRib patty `` like a slab of ribs , '' despite the fact that a round patty would have been cheaper to manufacture and serve on standard hamburger buns . A packet of McRib Hot Sauce was also available when the sandwich was first being sold . The sauce was a clear liquid in a semi-chrome packet the size of a standard ketchup packet .
The McRib was not immediately successful . It test-marketed very well in the Midwest , and was added to the restaurant 's permanent menu for the United States in 1981 . Sales were mediocre , however , and it was removed in 1985 as McDonald 's executives determined that pork is not eaten frequently enough in the United States to stay on the menu .
After several years , it returned for a promotion . It is more popular in Germany and Luxembourg , where it remains a permanent item . The McRib was also brought back occasionally in 1989 , 1990 ( together with the `` BBQ in a Bag '' promotion ) , 1991 , 1992 ( with the Western Omelette McMuffin as part of a Western promotion ) , and 1993 .
In summer 1994 , McDonald 's brought back the McRib nationally , as a tie in with the theatrical release of The Flintstones , comparing the appearance of it with the rack of ribs that topples the Flintmobile in both the animated and live action productions . McDonald 's ( which was featured in the film as `` RocDonald 's '' ) supported the return with McRib packaging featuring the Flintstones characters and a television commercial featuring Rosie O'Donnell in her role as Betty Rubble .
After that promotion , the McRib was also sold as part of various limited time regional offerings at selected restaurants in the US and Canada from 1995 until 2004 .
2005–present
On November 1 , 2005 , McDonald 's issued a press release announcing that the McRib would be permanently removed from the menu following a `` McRib Farewell Tour '' . McRib.com , a website registered to McDonald 's , featured a petition to `` Save the McRib '' , which was facetiously sponsored by the `` Boneless Pig Farmers Association of America '' . On October 16 , 2006 , the `` McRib Farewell Tour II '' site appeared .
The McRib reappeared in the United States in October 2007 , beginning a third `` farewell tour '' . McDonald 's sold 30 million made with over 7 million pounds ( 3 million kg ) of pork in 2007 . Its fourth reintroduction was in the end of October 2008 , across the United States , Hong Kong , and Japan , with a promotional website featuring music sponsored by a `` McRib DJ Plowman '' in tribute to its creator .
Additional limited time regional offerings , in various regions of the United States as well as in Canada , were made throughout 2008 and 2009 .
On November 2 , 2010 , McDonald 's began six weeks of nationwide McRib availability at the Legends of the McRib event in New York City , honoring three superfans : Joey Erwin , aka Mr. McRib ; Alan Klein , founder of the McRib Locator website ; and Adam Winer . The promotion ended December 5 , 2010 . McDonald 's credited it with boosting their November 2010 sales by 4.8 % . It was the first national offering of the McRib since 1994 .
The McRib was offered in Canada from June 21 to August 1 , 2011 . On October 24 , 2011 , McDonald 's once again made the McRib available for three weeks in a promotion ending November 14 .
In celebration of the London Olympics 2012 , McDonald 's Australia and New Zealand reintroduced the McRib as the Atlanta Pork McRib . The McRib was one of six limited edition McDonald 's items named after previous host cities . It was released on May 23 and ran until June 5 . Sales of the McRib in New Zealand exceeded expectations , exhausting supplies within days of the release of the burger with restaurants running out of their allocations of stock .
For 2012 , McDonald 's announced that the McRib 's annual release would be delayed until the December 17 , as opposed to its traditional autumn release ( which would instead be used to debut the Cheddar Bacon Onion Angus Burger , or `` CBO '' ) . The move was an effort to boost sales during the December period in an attempt to match 2011 's abnormally high restaurant wide sales figures .
The McRib was n't released nationally and was sold only in a few cities in a few states in the United States ( a la the 2005 `` McRib Farewell Tour '' promotion ) in 2013 due to the company introducing several new products ( such as the Mighty Wings ) . The McRib was sold again starting on October 20 , 2014 , and ending on January 4 , 2015 , but only in a few cities in a few states in the United States ( a la the 2006 `` McRib Farewell Tour II '' promotion ) .
The McRib made a return in the United Kingdom on December 31 , 2014 , until February 3 , 2015 . The McRib was sold again starting in October 2015 and ending in January 2016 , but only in a few cities in a few states in the United States ( 55 percent of McDonald 's locations ) . It became available again in November 2016 , but at a limited number of McDonald 's locations ; and once more since October 2017 , but in most areas . Local McDonald 's Twitter accounts announced in Southern California and Hawaii that the McRib would be returning to these locations on 2 and 9 November 2017 respectively . The McRib once again made a limited return in the United States and Australia at participating locations starting in October 2018 . The McRibs rolled out once again for a limited time beginning October 7th , 2019 .
For 2020 , McDonald 's announced that the McRib would be made available nationwide in the United States for the first time since 2012 , beginning on December 2nd . It was dubbed as `` the most important sandwich of the year . '' It also returned for a limited run , along with the `` El Maco Burger '' , in Australia .
On September 30 , 2021 , McDonald 's announced on Twitter that the McRib was returning on November 1 for a limited time . The previous day on September 29 , the company tweeted that there were important news coming . The McRib was available at some locations before November 1 .
HSUS lawsuit
In November 2011 , the Humane Society of the United States filed a complaint with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission against the producer of McRib meat , Smithfield Foods , alleging cruel and unusual treatment of the animals used in the McRib patty production . The complaint cites the use of gestation crates and poor and unsanitary living conditions , as well as a lack of proper animal welfare .
Limited availability
Speculation on the limited availability of the McRib includes theories concerning the fluctuating price and unreliable supply chains of bulk pork , manipulation of availability windows to turn the product into a better loss leader for the company , and the generation of renewed enthusiasm and higher sales as a result of scarcity .
An informal study from 2011 entitled `` A Conspiracy of Hogs : The McRib as Arbitrage '' illustrates a correlation between the price of pork and the timing of McDonald 's offering the sandwich ; all five of the US McRib offerings between 2005 and 2011 occurred during low points in the price of bulk pork .
According to McDonald 's , the sandwich 's limited availability is due to their desire to provide a varied menu throughout the year .
In popular culture
The sandwich , as well as the cultural phenomenon of `` chasing the McRib '' , were the subject of a subplot in The Simpsons episode `` I 'm Spelling as Fast as I Can '' , in which it is parodied as the `` Ribwich '' and gains a cult following .
See also
List of sandwiches
References
External links
McRib menu item at McDonald 's
McRib menu item at McDonald 's Germany , with in-depth product description
McRib Locator by Alan Klein
American sandwiches
McDonald 's foods
Food and drink introduced in 1981
Products introduced in 1981
Nybbas is a demon .
Dictionnaire Infernal
Nybbas , is a demon or spirit in the Dictionnaire Infernal , that manages visions and dreams .
He is regarded as a buffoon and a charlatan . He is depicted as smiling . He is of the inferior order , high upper gallery of hell .
Similarity with Nebahaz
The name Nybbas resembles `` Nebahaz '' , one of several deities protecting the individual cities of Samaria who are mentioned specifically by name in the Bible , in 2 Kings 17:31 . In his `` Encyclopédie Théologique '' , or `` Dictionnaire ... de la Bible '' , Augustin Calmet asserts that Nebahaz and Nebachas are one and the same and associates them with Nebo , another name for the god Nabu .
In Nomine
In the In Nomine RPG , Nybbas is the Demon Prince of Media .
Resources
Dictionnaire de la Bible , by Augustin Calmet , in Google Books
Dictionnaire Infernal , by Collin de Plancy at Delirium 's Realm
Demons
Lukas Poklepović ( ; 16 February 1945 – 12 June 2022 ) was a Croatian footballer who played as a goalkeeper .
Biography
Poklepović joined his first team , HNK Hajduk Split , at the age of 19 . After five seasons in the Yugoslav First League , he moved to 1 . FC Kaiserslautern before joining the Belgian club K.S.K . Beveren .
With Beveren , Poklepović participated in the 1971 Inter-Cities Fairs Cup . The club reached the round of 16 before being eliminated by Arsenal . Poklepović played all six of his team 's fixtures in the competition . In 1972 , the club was relegated to the Belgian Second Division , which they won the following year and were promoted . He then decided to return to Yugoslavia with HNK Šibenik , giving way to goalkeeper Jean-Marie Pfaff in Beveren . He then moved to Greece to play for OFI Crete and PAS Giannina before retiring .
Poklepović died in Split on 12 June 2022 at the age of 77 .
References
1945 births
2022 deaths
People from Brač
Yugoslav footballers
Croatian footballers
Association football goalkeepers
HNK Hajduk Split players
1 . FC Kaiserslautern players
K.S.K . Beveren players
HNK Šibenik players
OFI Crete F.C . players
PAS Giannina F.C . players
Burials at Lovrinac Cemetery
Neptis cartica , the plain sailer , is a species of nymphalid butterfly found in South Asia .
Subspecies
Neptis cartica cartica ( Nepal , Sikkim , Bhutan , Assam , northern Burma , northern Vietnam )
Neptis cartica burmana de Nicéville , 1886 ( southern Burma , northern Thailand )
Neptis cartica pagoda Yoshino , 1997 ( Yunnan )
References
cartica
Butterflies of Indochina
was a Japanese samurai of the Sengoku period , who served the Imagawa clan .
Samurai
1583 deaths
Year of birth unknown
This article contains a list of Hymenoptera Apocrita of Ireland .
Superfamily Chrysidoidea
Family Dryinidae
Anteon arcuatum Kieffer 1905
Anteon brachycerum ( Dalman 1823 )
Anteon ephippiger ( Dalman 1818 )
Anteon flavicorne ( Dalman 1818 )
Anteon fulviventre ( Haliday 1828 )
Anteon gaullei Kieffer 1905
Anteon infectum ( Haliday 1837 )
Anteon jurineanum Latreille 1809
Anteon pubicorne ( Dalman 1818 )
Anteon tripartitum ( Kieffer 1905 )
Aphelopus atratus ( Dalman 1823 )
Aphelopus melaleucus ( Dalman 1818 )
Aphelopus nigriceps Kieffer 1905
Aphelopus serratus Richards 1939
Gonatopus bicolor ( Haliday 1828 )
Gonatopus clavipes ( Thunberg 1827 )
Gonatopus distinguendus Kieffer 1905
Gonatopus striatus Kieffer 1905
Lonchodryinus ruficornis ( Dalman 1818 )
Family Bethylidae
Bethylus fuscicornis ( Jurine 1807 )
Cephalonomia waterstoni Gahan 1931
Family Chrysididae ( cuckoo wasps )
Pseudomalus auratus ( Linnaeus , 1758 )
Chrysis mediata Linsenmaier , 1951
Chrysis ignita Linnaeus , 1758
Chrysis rutiliventris Abeille de Perrin , 1879
Superfamily Vespoidea
Family Tiphiidae ( tiphiid wasps )
Tiphia minuta Linden 1827
Family Mutillidae ( velvet ants )
Myrmosa atra Panzer , 1801
Family Formicidae ( ants )
Formica aquilonia Yarrow , 1955
Formica lugubris Zetterstedt 1838
Formica fusca Linnaeus 1758
Formica lemani Bondroit 1917
Hypoponera punctatissima ( Roger 1859 )
Lasius flavus ( Fabricius 1782 )
Lasius mixtus ( Nylander 1846 )
Lasius umbratus ( Nylander 1946 )
Lasius fuliginosus ( Latreille 1798 )
Lasius alienus ( Foerster 1850 )
Lasius niger ( Linnaeus 1758 )
Lasius platythorax Seifert , 1991
Leptothorax acervorum ( Fabricius 1793 )
Monomorium pharaonis ( Linnaeus 1758 )
Myrmica lobicornis Nylander 1846
Myrmica rubra ( Linnaeus 1758 )
Myrmica ruginodis Nylander 1846
Myrmica sabuleti Meinert 1861
Myrmica scabrinodis Nylander 1846
Myrmica schencki Emery 1895
Myrmica sulcinodis Nylander 1846
Stenamma debile ( Forster 1850 )
Stenamma westwoodi Westwood 1839
Tetramorium caespitum ( Linnaeus 1758 )
Tetramorium lucayanum Wheeler 1905
Family Pompilidae ( spider wasps )
Sub-family Ceropalinae
Genus Ceropales
Ceropales maculata ( Fabricius , 1775 )
Sub-family Pepsinae
Genus Dipogon
Dipogon variegatus ( Linnaeus , 1758 ) Historic records
Genus Priocnemis
Priocnemis perturbator ( Harris , 1780 )
Sub-family Pompilinae
Genus Anoplius
Anoplius nigerrimus ( Scopoli , 1763 )
Genus Episyron
Episyron rufipes ( Linnaeus , 1758 )
Genus Evagetes
Evagetes crassicornis ( Shuckard , 1835 )
Genus Pompilus
Pompilus cinereus ( Fabricius , 1775 )
Family Vespidae
Subfamily Eumeninae ( potter and mason wasps )
Genus Odynerus
Subgenus Odynerus
Odynerus spinipes ( Linnaeus , 1758 ) Historic records
Genus Ancistrocerus
Ancistrocerus antilope ( Panzer 1798 )
Ancistrocerus gazella ( Panzer 1798 )
Ancistrocerus nigricornis ( Curtis 1826 )
Ancistrocerus oviventris ( Wesmael 1836 )
Ancistrocerus parietinus ( Linnaeus 1761 )
Ancistrocerus scoticus ( Curtis 1826 )
Ancistrocerus trifasciatus ( Muller 1776 )
Genus Symmorphus
Symmorphus bifasciatus ( Linnaeus 1761 )
Subfamily Vespinae ( social wasps )
Genus Dolichovespula
Dolichovespula norwegica ( Fabricius , 1781 )
Dolichovespula saxonica ( Fabricius , 1793 )
Subgenus Pseudovespula
Dolichovespula sylvestris ( Scopoli , 1763 )
Genus Vespula ( typical social wasps )
Subgenus Vespula
Vespula austriaca ( Panzer , 1799 )
Vespula rufa ( Linnaeus , 1758 )
Subgenus Paravespula
Vespula germanica ( Fabricius , 1793 )
Vespula vulgaris ( Linnaeus , 1758 )
Family Sphecidae
Genus Ammophila
Ammophila sabulosa ( Linnaeus 1758 )
Genus Podalonia
Podalonia affinis ( W. Kirby 1798 )
Podalonia hirsuta ( Scopoli 1763 )
Family Crabronidae
Genus Argogorytes
Argogorytes mystaceus ( Linnaeus 1761 )
Genus Astata
Astata boops ( Schrank 1781 )
Genus Crabro
Crabro peltarius ( Schreber 1784 )
Genus Crossocerus
Crossocerus capitosus ( Shuckard 1837 )
Crossocerus cetratus ( Shuckard 1837 )
Crossocerus dimidiatus ( Fabricius 1781 )
Crossocerus elongatulus ( Vander Linden 1829 )
Crossocerus exiguus ( Vander Linden 1829 )
Crossocerus megacephalus ( Rossi 1790 )
Crossocerus nigritus ( Lepeletier & Brullé 1835 )
Crossocerus palmipes ( Linnaeus 1767 )
Crossocerus podagricus ( Vander Linden 1829 )
Crossocerus quadrimaculatus ( Fabricius 1793 )
Crossocerus styrius ( Kohl 1892 )
Crossocerus tarsatus ( Shuckard 1837 )
Crossocerus varus Lepeletier & Brullé 1835
Crossocerus walkeri ( Shuckard 1837 )
Crossocerus wesmaeli ( Vander Linden 1829 )
Genus Ectemnius
Ectemnius cavifrons ( Thomson 1870 )
Ectemnius cephalotes ( Olivier 1792 )
Ectemnius continuus ( Fabricius 1804 )
Ectemnius lapidarius ( Panzer 1804 )
Ectemnius ruficornis ( Zetterstedt 1838 )
Genus Lindenius
Lindenius albilabris ( Fabricius 1793 )
Genus Mellinus
Mellinus arvensis ( Linnaeus 1758 )
Genus Mimumesa
Mimumesa littoralis ( Bondroit 1934 )
Mimumesa unicolor ( Vander Linden 1829 )
Genus Nysson
Nysson spinosus ( J. Forster 1771 )
Genus Oxybelus
Oxybelus uniglumis ( Linnaeus 1758 )
Genus Passaloecus
Passaloecus insignis ( Vander Linden 1829 )
Passaloecus monilicornis Dahlbom 1842
Genus Pemphredon
Pemphredon inornata Say 1824
Pemphredon lethifer ( Shuckard 1837 )
Pemphredon lugubris ( Fabricius 1793 )
Pemphredon rugifer ( Dahlbom 1844 )
Genus Psenulus
Psenulus pallipes ( Panzer 1798 )
Genus Rhopalum
Rhopalum clavipes ( Linnaeus 1758 )
Rhopalum coarctatum ( Scopoli 1763 )
Genus Spilomena
Spilomena troglodytes ( Vander Linden 1829 )
Genus Tachysphex
Tachysphex pompiliformis ( Panzer 1805 )
Genus Trypoxylon
Trypoxylon attenuatum F. Smith 1851
Trypoxylon clavicerum Lepeletier & Serville 1828
Superfamily Apoidea
Family Colletidae
Genus Colletes ( plasterer bees )
Colletes daviesanus Smith , 1846
Colletes floralis Eversmann , 1852
Colletes fodiens ( Geoffroy , 1785 )
Colletes similis Schenk , 1853
Colletes succinctus ( Linnaeus , 1758 )
Genus Hylaeus
Hylaeus brevicornis Nylander , 1852
Hylaeus communis Nylander , 1852
Hylaeus confusus Nylander , 1852
Hylaeus hyalinatus Smith , 1842
Family Andrenidae ( mining bees )
Genus Andrena ( mining bee )
Andrena angustior ( Kirby , 1802 )
Andrena apicata Smith , 1847
Andrena barbilabris ( Kirby , 1802 )
Andrena bicolor Fabricius , 1775
Andrena carantonica Perez , 1902
Andrena cineraria ( Linnaeus , 1758 )
Andrena clarkella ( Kirby , 1802 )
Andrena coitana ( Kirby , 1802 )
Andrena denticulata ( Kirby , 1802 )
Andrena fucata Smith , 1847
Andrena fulva ( Müller , 1766 )
Andrena fuscipes ( Kirby , 1802 )
Andrena haemorrhoa ( Fabricius , 1781 )
Andrena hattorfiana ( Fabricius , 1775 )
Andrena helvola ( Linnaeus , 1758 )
Andrena humilis Imhoff , 1832
Andrena lapponica Zetterstedt , 1838
Andrena marginata Fabricius , 1777
Andrena minutula ( Kirby , 1802 )
Andrena nigroaenea ( Kirby , 1802 )
Andrena ovatula ( Kirby , 1802 )
Andrena pilipes s.s. Fabricius , 1781
Andrena praecox ( Scopoli , 1763 )
Andrena rosae Panzer , 1801
Andrena semilaevis Perez , 1903
Andrena stragulata Illiger , 1806
Andrena subopaca Nylander , 1848
Andrena tarsata Nylander , 1848
Andrena trimmerana ( Kirby , 1802 )
Andrena wilkella ( Kirby , 1802 )
Family Halictidae ( sweat bees )
Genus Halictus
Halictus rubicundus ( Christ , 1791 )
Halictus tumulorum ( Linnaeus , 1758 )
Genus Lasioglossum
Lasioglossum albipes ( Fabricius , 1781 )
Lasioglossum calceatum ( Scopoli , 1763 )
Lasioglossum cupromicans ( Pérez , 1903 )
Lasioglossum fratellum ( Pérez , 1903 )
Lasioglossum lativentre ( Schenck , 1853 )
Lasioglossum leucopus ( Kirby , 1802 )
Lasioglossum nitidiusculum ( Kirby , 1802 )
Lasioglossum punctatissimum ( Schenck , 1853 )
Lasioglossum rufitarse ( Zetterstedt , 1838 )
Lasioglossum smeathmanellum ( Kirby , 1802 )
Lasioglossum villosulum ( Kirby , 1802 )
Genus Sphecodes
Sphecodes crassus Thomson , 1870
Sphecodes ephippius ( Linnaeus , 1767 )
Sphecodes ferruginatus von Hagens , 1882
Sphecodes geoffrellus ( Kirby , 1802 )
Sphecodes gibbus ( Linnaeus 1785 )
Sphecodes hyalinatus von Hagens , 1882
Sphecodes monilicornis ( Kirby , 1802 )
Sphecodes pellucidus Smith , F. , 1845
Family Megachilidae
Genus Osmia ( mason bee )
Osmia aurulenta ( Panzer , 1799 )
Osmia rufa ( Linnaeus , 1758 )
Genus Megachile ( leafcutter bees )
Megachile centuncularis Linnaeus 1758
Megachile circumcincta Kirby 1802
Megachile ligniseca Kirby 1802
Megachile maritima Kirby 1802
Megachile versicolor Smith 1844
Megachile willughbiella Kirby 1802
Genus Coelioxys ( leaf-cutting cuckoo bees , sharp-tailed bees )
Coelioxys elongata Lepeletier , 1841
Coelioxys inermis Kirby , 1802
Family Apidae
Genus Nomada
Nomada argentata Herrich-Schäffer , 1839
Nomada fabriciana ( Linnaeus , 1767 )
Nomada flavoguttata ( Kirby , 1802 )
Nomada goodeniana ( Kirby , 1802 )
Nomada leucophthalma ( Kirby , 1802 )
Nomada marshamella ( Kirby , 1802 )
Nomada obtusifrons Nylander , 1848
Nomada panzeri Lepeletier , 1841
Nomada ruficornis ( Linnaeus , 1758 )
Nomada rufipes Fabricius , 1793
Nomada sheppardana ( Kirby , 1802 )
Nomada striata Fabricius , 1793
Genus Bombus ( bumblebees )
Subgenus Bombus
Bombus cryptarum ( Fabricius , 1775 )
Bombus lucorum Linnaeus , 1761
Bombus terrestris ( Linnaeus , 1758 )
Bombus magnus Vogt , 1911
Subgenus Megabombus
Bombus ( Megabombus ) hortorum Linnaeus , 1761
Subgenus Melanobombus
Bombus ( Melanobombus ) lapidarius ( Linnaeus , 1758 )
Subgenus Psithyrus
Bombus ( Psithyrus ) barbutellus ( Kirby , 1802 )
Bombus ( Psithyrus ) bohemicus Seidl , 1838
Bombus ( Psithyrus ) campestris ( Panzer , 1801 )
Bombus ( Psithyrus ) rupestris ( Fabricius , 1793 )
Bombus ( Psithyrus ) sylvestris ( Lepeletier , 1833 )
Bombus ( Psithyrus ) vestalis Geoffroy , 1785
Subgenus Pyrobombus
Bombus ( Pyrobombus ) jonellus ( Kirby , 1802 )
Bombus ( Pyrobombus ) monticola Smith , 1849
Bombus ( Pyrobombus ) pratorum ( Linnaeus , 1761 )
Bombus ( Pyrobombus ) hypnorum Linnaeus , 1758
Subgenus Subterraneobombus
Bobus ( Subterraneobombus ) distinguendus Morawitz , 1869
Subgenus Thoracombus
Bombus ( Thoracombus ) muscorum ( Linnaeus , 1758 )
Bombus ( Thoracombus ) pascuorum ( Scopoli , 1763 )
Bombus ( Thoracombus ) ruderarius ( Müller , 1776 )
Bombus ( Thoracombus ) sylvarum ( Linnaeus , 1761 )
Genus Apis ( honey bees )
Apis mellifera , western honey bee ( Linnaeus , 1758 )
References
Else , George `` Section 10 - Check List of British Hymenoptera Aculeata '' in Archer , Michael ( 2005 ) Bees , Wasps and Ants Recording Society Members ' Handbook
George R. Else , Barry Bolton , and Gavin R. Broad Checklist of British and Irish Hymenoptera - aculeates ( Apoidea , Chrysidoidea and Vespoidea ) Biodivers Data J . 2016 ; ( 4 ) : e8050 . doi : 10.3897/BDJ.4.e8050
Nelson , B. , Ronayne , C. , Nash , R. and O'Connor , J.P. 2002 . Additions and changes to the Irish aculeate Hymenoptera checklist . Irish Naturalists ' Journal 26 : 453-459 .
External links
Antwiki
Hymenoptera
The Pine Creek Subdivision is a railroad line owned by CSX Transportation in the U.S. state of West Virginia . It was formerly part of the CSX Huntington East Division . It became part of the CSX Florence Division on June 20 , 2016 . The line runs in Omar , West Virginia , for a total of . At its east end it branches off of the Logan and Southern Subdivision and at its west end the line comes to an end .
See also
List of CSX Transportation lines
References
CSX Transportation lines
Rail infrastructure in West Virginia
Lynn Dalgarno ( born 12 November 1935 ) is an Australian geneticist known for the discovery of the Shine-Dalgarno sequence with his graduate student , John Shine .
Early life and education
Dalgarno was awarded a B.Sc. ( Agr . ) in 1958 , conducting research with F. J. R. Hird at the Departments of Biochemistry and Agriculture , University of Melbourne , and a Ph.D. in 1962 , from the Australian National University ( ANU ) , with a dissertation titled , Respiratory metabolism and processes of uptake in a plant tissue , with research advisor , L. M. Birt at The Russell Grimwade School of Biochemistry , University of Melbourne .
Career
In his early career ( between 1963 and 1967 ) Dalgarno conducted research , first at the Medical Research Council 's National Institute for Medical Research supported by a University of Melbourne Traveling Scholarship to London ( with Edward M. Martin , collaborating with E. Horton , S. L. Liu , T. S. Work , and R. A. Cox ) ; second , with François Gros at the Institut de Biologie Physico-Chimique on an MRC-CNRS Exchange Scholarship ; and third , a postdoctoral fellowship assisted by a U.S. Public Health Research Grant at California Institute of Technology , with Robert L. Sinsheimer .
In 1968 Dalgarno accepted a post at ANU as a Senior Lecturer , and then as a Reader from 1983 until 1996 , when he subsequently became a Research Fellow . His graduate student John Shine said Dalgarno was `` a fantastic , enthusiastic lecturer , who was turned on by this molecular biology . ''
Dalgarno and Shine found the Shine-Dalgarno sequence , described by ANU as `` the beginnings of biotechnology '' :
One of Dalgarno 's colleague wrote ,
Selected publications
References
Further reading
Interview with John Shine
`` DNA — a three-man scoop '' ( The Double Helix reviewed by Lynn Dalgarno ) .
1935 births
Australian geneticists
Australian National University alumni
University of Melbourne alumni
Living people
20th-century Australian scientists
Australian National University faculty
Tarapu ( Aymara for clusia pachamamae used in religious ceremonies ( incense ) , hispanicized spelling Tarapo ) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru which reaches an altitude of approximately . It is located in the Lima Region , Canta Province , Canta District , and in the Huarochirí Province , Laraos District . Tarapu lies southwest of a lake named Qiwllaqucha ( Quechua for `` gull lake '' ) .
References
Mountains of Peru
Mountains of Lima Region
BU , Bu and variations may refer to :
In business
Business unit , a division within a company , as in strategic business unit
Braathens ( IATA airline designator )
British United Shoe Machinery , Leicester UK
Bücker Flugzeugbau , a German aircraft manufacturer whose planes were designated 'Bü '
Places
Bû , a settlement in France
Bulgaria ( country code )
Burma ( Myanmar ) ( former ISO3166-1 country code )
In mathematics , science , and technology
-Bu , a common shorthand for butyl , a functional group in organic chemistry
BU ( n ) , in mathematics , the classifying space for the unitary group U ( n )
Backup , in information technology
Bethesda unit , a measure of inhibitor activity relating to a coagulation factor
Biological unit , the smallest number of protein molecules which form a biologically active unit
Brabender unit , a unit of flour analysis measured by a farinograph
A Billion Units , used in India to mean billion kWh ie equal to one TeraWatt-hour ( see Kilowatt-hour # Multiples )
Units of measure
bu , a Japanese unit of length , equivalent to 3.03 millimeters
bù ( 步 ) , a Chinese unit of length , equivalent to 1.66 meters
Bushel , a unit of capacity
Universities
Bangladesh
BRAC University , Bangladesh
Barisal University , Bangladesh
Bangladesh University , Mohammadpur , Dhaka , Bangladesh
India
Bangalore University , Bangalore , India
Bhavnagar University , Gujarat , India
Bundelkhand University , Jhansi , India
Bharathiar University , Coimbatore , India
Bharathidasan University , Tiruchirapalli , India
Turkey
Bilkent University , Ankara
Boğaziçi University , Istanbul
Uganda
Bugema University , a university in Uganda affiliated with the Seventh-day Adventist Church
Busitema University , Tororo , Uganda
Busoga University , Jinja , Uganda
United Kingdom
Bangor University , north Wales
Birmingham University or University of Birmingham , central England
Bournemouth University , Dorset , England
Brunel University , London , England
United States
Baker University , Baldwin City , Kansas
Barry University , Miami Shores , Florida
Baylor University , Waco , Texas
Belhaven University , Jackson , Mississippi
Bellarmine University , Louisville , Kentucky
Bellevue University , Bellevue , Nebraska
Belmont University , Nashville , Tennessee
Bentley University , Waltham , Massachusetts
Bethel University ( Indiana ) , Mishawaka , Indiana
Bethel University ( Minnesota ) , Arden Hills , Minnesota
Bethel University ( Tennessee ) , McKenzie , Tennessee
Bethesda University , Anaheim , California
Binghamton University , Vestal , New York
Biola University , La Mirada , California
Bloomsburg University of Pennsylvania
Bluffton University , Bluffton , Ohio
Boston University , Boston , Massachusetts
Bradley University , Peoria , Illinois
Brandeis University , Waltham , Massachusetts
Brandman University , Irvine , California
Brenau University , Gainesville , Georgia
Brescia University , Owensboro , Kentucky
Brown University , Providence , Rhode Island
Bryant University , Smithfield , Rhode Island
Bucknell University , Lewisburg , Pennsylvania
Bushnell University , Eugene , Oregon
Butler University , Indianapolis , Indiana
Other countries
Benha University , Egypt
Brandon University , Manitoba , Canada
Bishop 's University , Quebec , Canada
Hong Kong Baptist University , Kowloon Tsai , Hong Kong
Bahria University , Islamabad , Karachi and Lahore , Pakistan
Bicol University , Philippines
University of Belgrade , Serbia
Benadir University , Mogadishu , Somalia
Bangkok University , Bangkok , Thailand
Other uses
Bu language
Bu ( instrument ) , a traditional Korean musical instrument
Bu ( surname ) , a Chinese surname
Brilliant Uncirculated , or Beautiful Uncirculated , in numismatic coin grading
Builder ( US Navy ) , a Seabee occupational rating in the U.S. Navy
Bu , Kasih Suci or Bu , a 2019 Malaysian Malay-language family drama film
See also
Buu ( disambiguation )
Magic Box may refer to :
The Magic Box , a 1951 British movie
The Magic Box ( 2002 film ) , a Tunisian drama film
Siegfried & Roy : The Magic Box , a 1999 film directed by Brett Leonard
Magic Box ( The Loved Ones album ) , 1967
Magic Box ( Bel Canto album ) , 1996
DNA magic box , a machine that performs rapid DNA chemical analysis
Tatsuhiko Toshino ( born January 18 , 1988 ) is a Japanese professional basketball player who plays for the Ehime Orange Vikings of the B.League in Japan . He played college basketball for Osaka University of Commerce . He was selected by the Gunma Crane Thunders with the 11th overall pick in the 2012 bj League draft . He is a new captain of the Happinets in 2018 . He has torn his right knee ACL on February 23 , 2019 .
Career statistics
Regular season
|-
| align= '' left '' | 2012-13
| align= '' left '' | Gunma
| 49||8 || 13.1|| .290|| .207|| .655|| 2.3|| 0.9|| 0.6|| 0.0|| 4.2
|-
| align= '' left '' | 2013-14
| align= '' left '' | Gunma
| 31||6 || 7.2|| .286|| .235|| .731|| 0.9|| 0.4|| 0.4|| 0.0|| 2.4
|-
| align= '' left '' | 2014-15
| align= '' left '' | Shinshu
| 50||10 || 11.5|| .389|| .224|| .481|| 2.4|| 0.9|| 0.6|| 0.1|| 3.1
|-
| align= '' left '' | 2015-16
| align= '' left '' | Oita Ehime
| 50|| 50||33.1 ||.362 ||.308 ||.698 ||3.0 ||4.4 ||1.7 ||0.2 ||14.5
|-
| align= '' left '' | 2016-17
| align= '' left '' | Ehime
| 52||52 ||32.5 ||.374 ||.280 ||.775 ||3.6 ||3.5 ||1.6 ||0.3 || 13.5
|-
| align= '' left '' | 2017-18
| align= '' left '' | Ehime
| 53||53 ||bgcolor= '' CFECEC '' |33.1 * ||.441 ||.350 ||.718 ||3.8 ||5.2 ||1.1 ||0.2 ||12.4
|-
| align= '' left '' | 2018-19
| align= '' left '' | Akita
|10 || 1||9.6 ||.220 ||.100 ||.000 ||0.6 || 1.1||0.2 ||0.0 ||1.3
|-
| align= '' left '' | 2018-19
| align= '' left '' | Sendai
|15 || 5||15.3 ||.321 ||.130 ||.600 ||1.7 || 1.8||0.4 ||0.2 ||4.6
|-
| align= '' left '' | 2019-20
| align= '' left '' | Ehime
|45 || 45||27.3 ||.369 ||.272 ||.723 ||2.4 || 3.2||1.2 ||0.1 ||8.9
|-
| }
Early cup games
|-
|style= '' text-align : left ; '' |2018
|style= '' text-align : left ; '' |Akita
|2 || 2 || 20:58 || .250 || .000 || .600 || 2.5 || 3.0 || 2.0 || 0 || 5.5
|-
|style= '' text-align : left ; '' |2019
|style= '' text-align : left ; '' |Ehime
|2 || 2 || 26:27 || .158 || .083 || .000 || 4.5 || 1.5 || 0.5|| 0 || 3.5
|-
Preseason games
|-
| align= '' left '' |2018
| align= '' left '' | Akita
| 2 || 0 || 16.6 || .286 ||.000 || .000||1.0 || 3.0|| 1.0 || 0.0 || 2.0
|-
Source : Changwon1Changwon2
Personal
He is a son of Masahiko Toshino .
His brother , Yoshihiko , plays for the Kumamoto Volters of the B.League .
References
1988 births
Living people
Akita Northern Happinets players
Ehime Orange Vikings players
Gunma Crane Thunders players
Japanese men 's basketball players
Sendai 89ers players
Shinshu Brave Warriors players
Sportspeople from Ehime Prefecture
Shooting guards
Thomas Thornhagh ( fl . 1393 ) was an English politician .
He was elected Mayor of Lincoln for 1390–91 and was Coroner of Lincoln for at least three years ( by 1392 until after 21 September 1395 ) .
He was a Member ( MP ) of the Parliament of England for Lincoln in 1393 .
References
14th-century births
Year of death missing
English MPs 1393
Members of the Parliament of England ( pre-1707 ) for Lincoln
Mayors of Lincoln , England
Reed Ridge ( ) is a flat-topped , snow-covered ridge extending northwest for 3 nautical miles ( 6 km ) from the west part of the Ford Massif , Thiel Mountains . The ridge forms the west wall of Compton Valley . Mapped by the United States Geological Survey ( USGS ) from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos , 1959–61 . Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names ( US-ACAN ) for Dale R. Reed , ionospheric scientist at Ellsworth Station in 1958 and Byrd Station in 1960 .
See also
Streitenberger Cliff
References
Ridges of Ellsworth Land
DJ-Kicks : Booka Shade is a DJ mix album , mixed by Booka Shade . It was released on the Studio ! K7 independent record label as part of the DJ-Kicks series .
Track listing
`` A Different Kind Of Blue '' - Passengers
`` Slum Girl '' - Nôze
`` In The Smoke '' - Cerrone / `` Hang Around '' ( Wahoo Dub ) - Ben Westbeech
`` The Bank Robbery '' - John Carpenter
`` Estoril '' - Booka Shade
`` Situation '' ( US 12 '' remix ) - Yazoo
`` The Misida Monarchy '' - Akiko Kiyama / `` The Things I Saw '' - Karel Fialka
`` 2 Fast 4 U '' - Lopazz
`` Play Your Part '' - Quarion
`` Arrival At The Library '' - John Carpenter / `` Far Away '' - Mile Caro & Franck Garcia
`` Alberto Balsam '' - Aphex Twin
`` Geisha Boys And Temple Girls '' - Heaven 17
`` Drums '' - The Tubes
`` Contact '' - Brigitte Bardot
`` Numbers '' - Booka Shade
`` Karasu '' - Quarion
`` It 's Too Late '' - The Streets
`` Virtual Nature '' - Amir Ad Fontes
`` Landcruising '' - Carl Craig
`` Tide '' - Matthew Dear
`` Don & Sherri '' ( Hot Chip Remix ) - Matthew Dear
`` Last Orders '' - Richard Hawley
References
DJ-Kicks website
Booka Shade
Booka Shade albums
2007 compilation albums
Jan Sven Håkan Stenbäck ( 28 October 1951 ) is a Swedish former football player and manager . A midfielder , he made 199 Allsvenskan appearances for Djurgårdens IF and scored 46 goals . He also played for Sandvikens IF .
References
1951 births
Living people
Association football midfielders
Swedish footballers
Allsvenskan players
Djurgårdens IF Fotboll players
Åtvidabergs FF managers
Swedish football managers
The Uganda Wildlife Conservation Education Center ( UWEC ) , popularly known as Entebbe Zoo , is a conservation center where all animals found in Uganda can be accessed .
History
This area opened its doors in 1952 as a reception center for wild animals that were found as casualties , either injured , orphaned , sick , or confiscated from the illegal trade .
In the 1960s it changed its role into a zoo and non indigenous species like bears and tigers were introduced and kept as an attraction .
In 1994 , wildlife management was restructured and the zoo turned into Uganda Wildlife Education Center trust . The aim was to develop the zoo with emphasis on conservation Education .
The center is host to free ranging and caged animals , birds , several tree species and shrubs .
Animals in the park include ; Rock python , cheetah , leopard , lions , shoe bill stork , tortoise , giraffes , chimpanzees , baby elephant and Rhinos .
Functions
The center functions as a conservation Education center , a rehabilitation center and a recreation center where people come to see a variety of wild animals .
The center contributes to scientific research and is committed to developing education programmes for the general public with emphasis on instilling a conservation ethic .
Location
The center is located in Entebbe town , Wakiso District on the shores of Lake Victoria .
References
Wildlife sanctuaries of Uganda
Robert Bruce `` Bob '' Johnson ( 3 June 1935 – 21 May 2001 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) during the 1950s . His father of the same name also played for the club .
Johnson was a 198 cm ruckman and as one of the tallest footballers to have played the game earned the nickname “ Big Bob ” . He was also regularly rested up forward where he would use his body size to gain front position and take the regular mark for a set shot at goal . He averaged almost two goals a game during his VFL career .
Johnson debuted for Melbourne at the age of 19 in 1954 and became part of the most successful era of the club 's history . He went on to play in seven VFL Grand Finals for Melbourne , five of which they won . He also topped their goalkicking list in 1956 with 43 goals and 1961 with 36 , the former in a premiership year .
After finishing with Melbourne , Johnson moved to Western Australia and joined East Fremantle where he served as captain-coach in their premiership side of 1965 . He topped the league 's goalkicking list in Western Australia with 92 goals in 1966 ; short though , of his effort for the previous season when he managed 105 goals . He was a Western Australian representative at the 1966 Hobart Carnival .
After a short stint with Subiaco , he returned to Victoria in 1970 where he joined Victorian Football Association club Oakleigh . He had watched Oakleigh as a boy and the club had approached him as a 15-year-old to join them but Johnson decided to join his father 's old club . He broke a leg in his first game for the club which put him out for the remainder of that season . He became captain-coach of Oakleigh in 1971 , and was the Association 's leading goalkicker for the home-and-away season that year ( he was passed by Jim 'Frosty ' Miller during the finals ) ; he then led the Devils to the premiership in 1972 at the age of 37 , and subsequently to Grand Final losses in 1973 and 1974 before retiring as coach . He came back to coach the club for one more season in 1976 when they finished at the bottom of the First Division ladder .
In 2012 he was inducted into the Australian Football Hall of Fame .
References
Bob B. Johnson
Fiddian , Marc : Devils at Play . A History of the Oakleigh Football Club , Pakenham Gazette , Pakenham 1982
External links
Bob Johnson 's profile at AustralianFootball.com
1935 births
2001 deaths
Australian rules footballers from Victoria ( Australia )
Melbourne Football Club players
Oakleigh Football Club players
Oakleigh Football Club coaches
East Fremantle Football Club players
East Fremantle Football Club coaches
Subiaco Football Club players
Australian Football Hall of Fame inductees
Five-time VFL/AFL Premiership players
Melbourne Football Club Premiership players
R. Sankar became the Chief Minister of Kerala when Pattom Thanupillai was appointed as Governor of Punjab State . He remained as the Chief Minister of Kerala from 26 September 1962 to 10 September 1964 . He had to resign when a no-confidence motion was passed in the Assembly .
Congress party went through a split during this period . The resignation of P. T. Chacko from the R. Sankar Ministry had paved the way to the eventual formation of Kerala Congress . After his untimely death , the Chacko loyalists in the Congress party grouped together and formed the Kerala Congress under the leadership of K. M. George from Muvattupuzha with the blessings of Mannath Padmanabhan .
Council of Ministers
Vote of No-Confidence
Home Minister in R. Shankar cabinet , P. T Chacko had to resign . This paved the way to frequent infighting in Congress party . After the death of P. T. Chacko in Aug 1964 , K. M. George took the leadership of the dissident group in Congress . 15 Congress MLAs requested the Speaker of the House to be considered as a separate group under the Leadership of K. M. George and Deputy Leader R. Balakrishna Pillai . Subsequently , a no-confidence motion was presented in the assembly . After two days of discussion , the no-confidence motion passed 50 against 73 votes and R. Sankar resigned .
Dissidents from the Congress party subsequently formed a new party Kerala Congress
See also
List of chief ministers of Kerala
Kerala Council of Ministers
1960 Kerala Legislative Assembly election
References
http : //www.niyamasabha.org/codes/Ministers % 20Book % 20Final.pdf
Kerala ministries
Indian National Congress state ministries
Indian National Congress of Kerala
1962 establishments in Kerala
1964 disestablishments in India
Cabinets established in 1962
Cabinets disestablished in 1964
The Bhrigu Saṃhitā is a Sanskrit astrological ( Jyotisha ) treatise attributed in its introduction to Bhrigu , one of the `` Saptarishis '' ( `` seven sages '' ) of the Vedic period . Its introductory chapter states that it was compiled by the saptrishi uttaradhikari out of compassion for humanity so that humanity could cope with the pressures of its existence and move towards a more spiritual nature . The Bhrigu Samhita claims to contain predictions about current and future lives as well as information about past lives .
Origin
Bhrigu 's ashram 'Deepostak ' was located near Dhosi Hill in present-day Haryana-Rajasthan border in India . Major parts of the Bhṛgu Saṃhitā were lost or destroyed .
Bhrigu was the first compiler of predictive astrology . He compiled an estimated 500,000 horoscopes and recorded the life details and events of various people . This formed a database for further research and study , which culminated in the birth of the art of determining the quality of time ( Horā ) and is the Bṛhat Parāśara Horāśāstra . These Horoscopes were based upon the planetary positions of the Sun , Moon , Mercury , Venus , Mars , Jupiter , Saturn , Rāhu ( North Node of the Moon ) and Ketu ( South Node of the Moon ) .
After the first compiler , Bhṛigu gives his predictions on different types of horoscopes compiled by him claimed to be with the help of Gaṇeśa in a brief and concise manner . The total permutations/possible horoscope charts that can be drawn with this is about 45 million . Bhrigu taught this art of predictions to his son ( Śukra ) and other pupils . Currently a part of Bhrigu Samhita is available in Hoshiarpur/Sultanpur district of modern-day Punjab and Varanasi district of modern-day Uttar Pradesh .
References
External links
Bhrigu Sanhita Paddhati ( full text , Hindi ) - 1949
Hindu astronomy
Hindu astrological texts
Vedic period
In mathematics , a Hecke algebra is classically the algebra of Hecke operators studied by Erich Hecke . It may also refer to one of several algebras ( some of which are related to the classical Hecke algebra ) :
Iwahori–Hecke algebra of a Coxeter group .
Hecke algebra of a pair ( g , K ) where g is the Lie algebra of a Lie group G and K is a compact subgroup of G .
Hecke algebra of a locally compact group H ( G , K ) , for a locally compact group G with respect to a compact subgroup K .
Hecke algebra of a finite group , the algebra spanned by the double cosets HgH of a subgroup H of a finite group G .
Spherical Hecke algebra , when K is a maximal open compact subgroup of a general linear group .
Affine Hecke algebra
Parabolic Hecke algebra
Parahoric Hecke algebra
Representation theory
ja : ヘッケ環
zh-yue : Hecke 代數
zh : Hecke代數
Nichols , a historic village in southeastern Trumbull in Fairfield County , Connecticut , is named after the family who maintained a large farm in its center for almost 300 years . The Nichols Farms Historic District , which encompasses part of the village , is listed on the National Register of Historic Places . Originally home to the Golden Hill Paugussett Indian Nation , the area was colonized by the English during the Great Migration of the 1630s as a part of the coastal settlement of Stratford . The construction of the Merritt Parkway through the village , and the subsequent closing of stores and factories , turned the village into a bedroom community in 1939 . Aviation pioneer Igor Sikorsky lived in three separate homes in Nichols during his active years between 1928 and 1951 , when he designed , built and flew fixed-wing aircraft and put the helicopter into mass production for the first time .
Golden Hill Paugussett Indian Nation
The Golden Hill Paugussett Indian Nation is a Connecticut state-recognized tribe , descendants of the Paugussett ( also Paugusset ) Nation of Native Americans , who occupied much of western Connecticut prior to the arrival of Europeans . While state-recognized , they have been denied federal recognition . The tribe lives in Colchester , Connecticut , where it has a reservation , and also has a reservation in Nichols , which is considered to be the oldest continuing reservation in Connecticut and the smallest in the US .
History
As the first volume of Stratford land records were destroyed in 1650 , early records of English settlement are not available . In 1661 , the Stratford selectmen voted to allow all inhabitants the liberty of taking up a whole division of land anywhere they could find fit planting ground , as long as it was not within two miles ( 3 km ) of the town meeting house . They were prohibited from making it their dwelling place without consent . Elder Phillip Groves , Captain William Curtiss and Lt. Joseph Judson , early landowners in Nichols , were named to a committee to lay out the land as they saw fit .
Before 1661 , people were free to take up planting grounds anywhere within the township . The common land in Nichols Farms was divided and granted to individuals beginning in 1670 as a part of the three-mile or woods division and continued up to 1800 .
Agriculture
Mischa Hill is located in the geographic center of Nichols . This area was first called Misha Hill or Lt. Joseph Judson 's Farm in the land records . It was the first area within Trumbull to be settled due to its already cleared planting fields , fertile soil , spring-fed ponds , meadows and its close proximity to the main village , only three miles away .
Lt. Joseph Judson , Sgt . Jeremiah Judson , and John Curtiss established farms on Mischa Hill before 1658 , the year they were elected freeman ( Colonial ) by the legislature of the Connecticut Colony . To be elected as a freeman , at this time , an individual had to own real property in his own name .
Other early landowners included ; Benjamin Beach , William Beardsley , Richard Booth , Zachariah Bostick , John Brinsmaid , John Curtiss , Benjamin Curtiss , Joseph Curtiss , Captain William Curtiss , Ebenezer Curtiss , Zachariah Curtiss , Joseph Fairchild , Elder Philip Groves , Joseph Hawley ( Captain ) , Samuel Hawley , Ephraim Hawley , John Hurd , Lt. Joseph Judson , Jeremiah Judson , Isaac Judson , Isaac Nichols , Caleb Nichols , Abraham Nichols , Samuel Uffoot and Reverend Zachariah Walker. < ref > Stratford Land Records , Vol . 2 , p. 82 < /ref >
Religious rift
In the 1660s , Lt. Joseph Judson began a disagreement with the majority of elders in town as he and others tried to introduce the half way covenant . In 1671 , Judson obtained permission from Governor John Winthrop , Jr. to remove with other families and settle a new town called Woodbury . Judson and the other Woodbury founders , either sold , gifted or abandoned their farms in Nichols .
In 1688 , John Curtiss removed to Woodbury , giving his entire farm on Mischa Hill to his son Benjamin , who had married Joseph Judson 's daughter . Shortly after Judson and the others had abandoned their farms in Nichols to remove to Woodbury in 1673 , the area was commonly referred to as Old Farm , Old Farms and Judson 's Farm 's in the Stratford land records .
Abraham Nichols
Abraham Nichols is credited , by some , with being the first Englishman to settle in Trumbull around 1690 or 1700 , depending on the source . It has been said that others soon followed him into the wilderness to ; `` establish mills , churches , and schools '' . Nichols landholdings were said to total as much as . However , none of these claims can be substantiated by the public land records .
According to Walter Nicholls , who wrote the History of the Nichols family in 1909 , Abraham did not accompany his father to Woodbury in 1673 , but remained in Trumbull to oversee the plantation . Since Abraham was only eleven in 1673 ( born 1662 ) , it is likely that he removed to Woodbury with his family , and later returned to Trumbull between 1696 and 1700 as an adult . According to the public land records , Nichols owned of land , purchased between 1696 and 1700 , of which remains as open space today .
The last Nichols to reside on the farm was Florence , who married George Woods in 1903 . Soon after their deaths in 1973 and 1972 respectively , the property was donated to the Nichols Methodist Church , as Florence and George Woods had bequeathed . The Town of Trumbull purchased the land from the church in 1974 . This tract was then known as the Woods Estate , and is now the home of the Trumbull Historical Society .
Development
Nichols is named for the family that maintained a large farm in its geographic center for almost three hundred years . In May 1725 , the northwest farmers of Stratford petitioned the Colony of Connecticut to form their own village . The farmers wished to call their new Parish Nichol 's Farms . The legislature approved their new village in October 1725 , but named the new parish Unity . Unity became a part of North Stratford in 1744 when it merged with the parish of Long Hill , Trumbull , which had been founded in 1740 . When it incorporated in 1797 , the Nichols village became a school and taxing district as a part of the Town of Trumbull .
Nichols Green
The Nichols Green or N.I.A . Green , is owned and maintained by a private trust called the Nichols Improvement Association , established in 1889 to beautify and improve the village .
A memorial to those residents who fought in World Wars I and II is located on the south end of the green .
An 80 ' tall pine flagpole brought through the Panama Canal from Washington was erected on the green in 1932 . This pine pole replaced an earlier 115 ' chestnut flagpole erected on July 4 , 1892 that carried a 25 ' by 15 ' flag and was believed by some to be the highest flag flown in the state at the time .
Another landmark near the green is the Bunny Fountain '' ' . The fountain was a gift from the Peet family to the citizens of Nichols in 1895 . Originally installed at the intersection of Huntington Turnpike and Shelton Road , it was moved to the Turnpike and Unity Road in 1931 . In the spring of 1971 , it was restored and moved to its present location . It was restored again in 1992 .
An old grinding stone from the 1826 Fairchild ( Paper ) Mill is placed at the south end of the green . The mill was located at the Falls of the Pequonnock River beginning in 1674 ; the area is now called Fairchild Park and marks the Town boundary with Bridgeport .
A piece of the original 1940 Merritt Parkway bridge , which was built over Huntington Turnpike , is installed on the green . The concrete ornament is a likeness of the town of Trumbull official seal . The bridge was demolished in 1979 when the interchange was updated .
Pinewood Lake
Then called Pine Brook Country Club , Pinewood Lake is notable for having served as the summer rehearsal headquarters of the Group Theatre from New York City . Formed in 1931 by Harold Clurman , Cheryl Crawford and Lee Strasberg , the Group Theatre and had a vision of doing socially responsible works that would raise community consciousness . It was composed of actors , directors , playwrights and producers.A Gambler 's Instinct : The Story of Broadway Producer Cheryl Crawford , p. 52 The Group gathered to rehearse in the countryside every summer during the 1930s of the Great Depression . They spent the summer of 1936 at Pinewood Lake . During this time , they produced works by the most important American playwrights . Their emphasis on realistic dramas changed stage and film forever .
Nichols Avenue
The road linking the village of Nichols to Stratford center , three miles ( 5 km ) to the south , was first called the Farm Highway , now called Nichols Avenue or ( Route 108 ) . The historic road was laid out or surveyed to the south side of Mischa Hill in Nichols on December 7 , 1696 . The highway was described as being completed to the south side of Mischa Hill and at Zachariah Curtiss , his land , and at Captain 's Farm .
In October 1725 , when the Connecticut Colony approved the Parish of Unity , they referred to the Farm Highway as Nickol 's Farm 's Road . The Nichols Avenue portion of Route 108 in Trumbull is the third-oldest documented highway in Connecticut , after the Mohegan Road , Connecticut Route 32 in Norwich ( 1670 ) and the King 's Highway , or Boston Post Road Route 1 ( 1673 ) .
Merritt Parkway
The Merritt Parkway was built directly through the center of Nichols in the late 1930s displacing a residence and the old Nichols Store , which were razed , and the Trinity Church which was moved a few hundred feet to the north . The large 5 ' by 6 ' natural stepping stone was the only item saved from the old Nichols Store and was relocated to the front of the Ephraim Hawley House . In 1979 , the original Huntington Turnpike Overpass was demolished and a new bridge was built in its place when the interchange was updated . When the original 1940 overpass was demolished , the cast-iron grills that resembled a trellis with a grapevine were salvaged restored and placed as decorative items on the replacement Huntington Turnpike Underpass . The new bridge is not listed on the NRHP .
Notable people , past and present
Dick Allen ( 1939-2017 ) , American poet and former poet laureate of the state of Connecticut .
James Beebe ( 1717–1785 ) , Reverend Unity Parish from 1747 to 1785 , Army Preacher in the French and Indian War and patriot .
Truman Bradley ( 1826–1900 ) , American Indian from the Schaghticoke tribe .
Will Geer , ( 1902–78 ) , actor and folklorist
Robert Hawley , ( 1729–1799 ) , Captain local militia during American Revolutionary War .
Carolyn Hax ( b . 1966 ) , writer and columnist for The Washington Post and the author of the advice column `` Tell Me About It '' .
Joseph Judson ( 1619-1690 ) , early settler , militia officer and elected official , negotiated Long Hill Purchase from the Paugussett Indians .
Igor Sikorsky ( 1889–1972 ) , aviation pioneer and helicopter inventor . Ikenson page 24
Images
References
Bibliography
Trumbull Historical Society , History of Trumbull , Dodrasquicentennial , 1797-1972 , 1972
Reverend Samuel Orcutt , History of the Old Town of Stratford , Connecticut , Fairfield Historical Society , 1886
Dorothy M. Seely , Tales of Trumbull 's Past '' , Trumbull Historical Society , 1984
External links
Nichols Improvement Society
National Register of Historic Places
The USGenWeb Project , Fairfield County
Trumbull , Connecticut
History of Connecticut
Populated places established in 1725
Colonial architecture in Connecticut
Federal architecture in Connecticut
Greek Revival architecture in Connecticut
1725 establishments in Connecticut
Villages in Fairfield County , Connecticut
Farms on the National Register of Historic Places in Connecticut
National Register of Historic Places in Fairfield County , Connecticut
Wayne Nelson is an American statistician . His main contributions to the reliability theory are the Nelson-Aalen Estimator for lifetime data , various statistical procedures for accelerated life testing and both : nonparametric and parametric procedures for recurrent data analysis .
Early life and education
Nelson was born in Chicago in 1936 . He studied Physics at Caltech and graduated with a Bachelor of Science in 1958 . Nelson obtained a Master of Science in Physics from the University of Illinois in 1959 , then a Ph.D. in statistics from the same university in 1965 .
Career
Nelson was employed from 1965 to 1989 at General Electric R & D . He was also an adjunct professor teaching graduate courses on applications of statistics at Union College and Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute . Currently , Nelson works as a private consultant and legal expert witness in statistical analysis and modeling of data in many industries ; including automotive , aviation , electric power , electronics , materials , medical devices , microelectronics , military hardware , nuclear power , railroad , software , and transportation .
Work
His research work focuses on collecting and analyzing reliability data , laboratory tests , accelerated tests , quality control , measurement error analysis , planned experiments , sampling , and data analysis .
Nelson worked with Odd Aalen on constructing the Nelson Aalen estimator. , a non-parametric approximation of the cumulative hazard function that can account for both failure and censored data . He also developed a method to estimate Weibull distribution ( with few or no failures ) for products with evolutionary design ( same shape parameter β ) .
In the late 1960s , Wayne developed a cumulative hazard analysis method for nonparametric estimation of a population 's cumulative life distribution . The resulting estimate is most conveniently displayed and interpreted on a probability plot . Until Wayne developed his method practitioners relied on crude approximations for such analyses . Wayne 's paper `` Hazard Plotting for Incomplete Failure Data '' in the inaugural issue of the J. of Quality technology received the Brumbaugh Award for the ASQ as the 1969 paper that made a great contribution to the development of industrial applications of quality control . Moreover , his paper `` Theory and Applications of Hazard Plotting for Censored Failure Data '' was reprinted in the 40th Anniversary issue of Technometrics ( 2000 ) as one of the `` Two Classics in Reliability Theory . '' Dr. Wayne also developed software that is widely used in reliability analysis ; STATPAC is the first complete package for analysis of reliability and accelerated test data , including censored and interval data . It was the first to provide probability plots , confidence limits , maximum likelihood fitting of many models including accelerated life test models , proper analysis of step-stress data , residuals and their analyses , and a simple user interface . Its versatile reliability features stimulated imitations in SPLUS , SAS , JMP , ReliaSoft , WinSmith , and others . Also , POWNOR , a software that fits the power- ( log ) normal distribution to censored life data on specimens of differing sizes . This was developed on his NSF-NIST-ASA senior research fellowship at NIST to develop better statistical models for electromigration failures of microcircuits .
Selected publications
Books
Papers
Better Confidence Limits for System Reliability , Nelson W. and Hall B. , 2019 Annual Reliability and Maintainability Symposium ( RAMS ) , 2019
Cost optimal sudden-death life testing , Nelson W. , 2017 Annual Reliability and Maintainability Symposium ( RAMS ) , 2017
Residuals and Their Analyses for Accelerated Life Tests With Step and Varying Stress Nelson W. , IEEE Transactions on Reliability , Volume : 57 , Issue : 2 , IEEE , 2008
Analysis of repair data Nelson W. , 1988 . Proceedings Annual Reliability and Maintainability Symposium , 1988
Optimum Simple Step-Stress Plans for Accelerated Life Testing Nelson W. , IEEE Transactions on Reliability , Volume : R-32 , Issue : 1 , IEEE , 1983
Analysis of Performance-Degradation Data from Accelerated Tests Nelson W. , IEEE Transactions on Reliability , Volume : R-30 , Issue : 2 , IEEE , 1981
Prediction Limits for the Last Failure Time of a ( Log ) Normal Sample from Early Failures Nelson W. , IEEE Transactions on Reliability , Volume : R-30 , Issue : 5 , IEEE , 1981
Analysis of Accelerated Life Test Data , Nelson W. , IEEE Transactions on Electrical Insulation , Volume : EI-7 , Issue : 1 , Pages : 36 - 55 , IEEE , March 1972
Hazard Plotting for Incomplete Failure Data , Nelson W. , Quarterly Journal of Methods , Applications , and Related Topics , Volume 1 , 1969 - Issue 1 , Journal of Quality Technology , Jan 1969
Awards
Brumbaugh Award of the American Society for Quality ( 1969 )
Fulbright Award for research and lecturing ( in Spanish ) on reliability data analysis ( 2001 )
2003 Shewhart Medal of American Society for Quality for his technical leadership
Lifetime Achievement Award of the IEEE Reliability Society for outstanding developments of reliability methodology and contributions to reliability education . Nelson was the second person to receive this annual award . ( 2005 )
2010 Shainin Medals of the American Society for Quality
2018 Hahn Award of the American Statistical Association
References
1936 births
Living people
American statisticians
California Institute of Technology alumni
University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign alumni
Fellows of the American Statistical Association
Fellow Members of the IEEE
Basic Education High School No . 9 Mawlamyaing ( ; commonly known by its original name , Shin Maha Buddhaghosa National School ( ) is located on Pabedan Street , in Mawlamyaing , Mon State .
Founded by the Sāsanādhāra Society in 1899 during the British colonial period , the school produced notable writers and politicians who played a role in the Burmese independence movement . Today , the school remains one of the most prestigious high schools in the city . It maintains a diverse student body consisted of students from various financial and ethnic backgrounds .
History
Background
Before the British colonial period , the education system in Burma was primarily driven by Buddhist monasteries at least since the 11th century . The Buddhist monastic school system gave Burma a literacy rate considerably higher than those of other Asian countries in the early 1900s . In the colonial period , the British administration and Christian missionaries founded Western education centers including St. Patrick 's School ( now B.E.H.S . No . 5 ) of the De La Salle Brothers in Moulmein . In 1869 in Lower Burma , there were 340 `` Lay Schools '' with 5069 students , providing basic Western education . In comparison , 3438 monastic schools were operating in the region , providing Buddhist education to over 44,000 students . Traditional methods of teaching , however , became obsolete in the British colonial environment . The influence of Buddhist monasteries in towns and villages diminished considerably as well . The retreat of Buddhist monasteries left a vacuum in education , filled increasingly by Christian missionary schools . Threatened by the growth of Christian education , Buddhist Burmese founded several Anglo-Vernacular high schools in the 1890s . Founded in 1899 , No . 9 B.E.H.S. , then known as Shin Maha Buddhaghosa National School was among the first nationalist schools founded in the region .
Founding and colonial era
In 1898 , several Western educated Burmese saw a need to foster traditional teachings in the context of Western institutions and values . Yan Win , an ethnic Mon alumnus of a British missionary school , was encouraged by his British friend , Commissioner Bernard Houghton to start social work in Moulmein . Meanwhile , lawyer Shwe Thwin and other Burmese scholars were finding ways to establish nationalist institutions . Collaborating , they founded the Sāsanādhāra Society to foster traditional Buddhist teachings . The Society in turn decided to establish the Buddhaghosa National School in 1899 with Yan Win as its headmaster , a position he held until his death in 1906 . Upon its founding , the school heavily emphasized on Burmese and Pali teachings . The standard textbook for Burmese History was Maha Yazawin by U Kala .
By 1920 , nationalist sentiments ran high in Burma . During this period , a wealthy teak merchant Thar Nyin , the father of a key YMBA leader Chit Hlaing , donated a two-storey teak building to the school named U Thar Nyin Dhammayon , which remains today . One of the pioneers of Burmese literature , Sein Tin , commonly known by his pen name Theippan Maung Wa , matriculated from the school in 1919 . Toward the end of colonial era , the nationalist movement continued to gain momentum and the school appointed a well-known Burmese nationalist scholar Hla Thwin as its headmaster . In March 1929 , the father of Indian independence movement , Mahatma Gandhi visited Moulmein . In a conference held at the Buddhaghosa School on 13 March 1929 , Gandhi addressed to a crowd of 25 Buddhist monks , 100 Burmese women , 800 Burmese men and 300 Indians . Gandhi expressed great pleasure for preponderance of Burmans at the meeting .
Independence era
In 1964 , on the eve of nationalization policy enforced by Burmese Socialist Programme Party , the school was nationalized and renamed to No . 9 Basic Education High School Mawlamyine . Its former name continues to be used side by side with official name . The school curriculum and uniforms were changed to align with national standards .
Contemporary era
The Shin Maha Buddhaghosa High School remains one of the most esteemed high schools in the city . From 2002 to 2006 , it had the highest overall matriculation exam passing rates in Mon State . Unlike most renown high schools in Burma , it has maintained a diverse student body , covering all walks of life and ethnicity . In a nod to its founding principles , the school celebrates the Burmese National Day Festival every year , featuring traditional games , foods and dances . The school has a reputation for instilling patriotism into students and has its own anthem .
Buildings and facilities
The very first building was Sitke Gyi U Saung 's old building which dated back to 1899 . Then the plot of Kyaung DaGar Gyi U Hlay 's son-in-law U Maung Maung was purchased with 500 kyats by the school administration board to expand the school area . In 1904 , the two-storey middle building ( office room building ) was started to build and finished in 1905 , May , 17 . The two-storey U Thar Nyin Damayon was built in 1911 to replace Sitke Gyi U Saung 's old building . In 1916 , three-storey boarding building was built for outstanding students with underprivileged background . In1983 , two-storey Theint-pan Saung , in 1992-93 Myat Mon Yadanar Saung , in 1999 , Yar Pyae Saung , in 2007-08 Myint Thandar Saung , in 2014 Gandamar Saung were built .
Notable alumni
Alumni of Maha Buddhaghosa School include some of the most accomplished writers , physicians and politicians of Burma .
Theippan Maung Wa , one of the pioneers of Hkit San literary movement , matriculated from the school with distinctions in Burmese and Pali literature in 1919 . He was appointed as head of the prestigious Department of Oriental Studies at the National Central School in Rangoon . His proses influenced Burmese literature for half of a century and continue to be taught in high school textbooks to this day .
Thakin Soe , a member of Dobama Asiayone and political leader of Anti-Fascist People 's Freedom League .
Sein Win , 4th Prime Minister of Burma ( 1974 - 1977 )
Toe Aung ( Ku Tha ) , a leading writer of Hkit San literary movement and Head of Moulmein Intermediate College ( 1953 - 1963 )
Kyaing Kyaing , former First Lady of Myanmar
Notes
References
High schools in Mon State
Education in Mawlamyine
Nikolaos K. Martis ( ; 1 January 1915 – 12 November 2013 ) was a Greek author and politician .
Military career
He was serving in the Hellenic Army as an artillery officer and when the Germans occupied northern Greece , he vanished to Mount Athos and from there to Egypt where he fought on the Allied side . His very first mission of his military career began in June 1941 when the Greek Army landed in the Middle East . From there , he participated in various battles such as the First and Second Battles of El Alamein in 1942 and later the Battle of Rimini and Dekemvriana in 1944 .
Office career
From 1955 to 1956 , he held office as secretary general in the Ministry for Northern Greece and was elected seven times as a member of Parliament throughout his political career . From 1956 to 1958 , he was undersecretary to the Ministry of Commerce ( 1956–1958 ) and from that year till 1961 served as the Minister of Industry . From 1974 to 1981 , he was the Minister for Northern Greece .
Death
Martis died in Moustheni , Kavala Prefecture , Greece at the age of 98 and was buried at the First Cemetery of Athens .
References
Further reading
The Falsification of Macedonian History ( book review )
Nikolaos Martis
1915 births
2013 deaths
Greek Macedonians
Greek Rally politicians
National Radical Union politicians
New Democracy ( Greece ) politicians
Ministers for Northern Greece
Greek MPs 1951–1952
Greek MPs 1956–1958
20th-century Greek lawyers
20th-century Greek historians
Greek military personnel of World War II
Grand Crosses with Star and Sash of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany
People from Kavala ( regional unit )
von Baeyer is a lunar impact crater located on the lunar near side near the southern pole . The crater is located directly adjacent to Svedberg crater and Northeast and South of prominent craters Scott and Demonax , respectively . Baeyer was adopted and named after German chemist Adolf von Baeyer by the IAU in 2009 .
References
External links
LAC-144 area — Map of southern lunar pole
Impact craters on the Moon
Marlo Chandler is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics . Created by writer Peter David , she first appeared in The Incredible Hulk 2nd Volume ( September 1988 ) and became an on going supporting character , first in the above mentioned book and later in the Captain Marvel series published between 1999 – 2004 . She is married to Rick Jones ( a perennial sidekick to the Incredible Hulk ) and was a best friend to Betty Ross , the wife of Hulk 's alter ego Bruce Banner . Marlo is also depicted as the human host of Lady Death .
In keeping with her introduction during a storyline in which the Hulk was involved with organized crime , Marlo name combines the surnames of fictional detective Philip Marlowe ( e.g . Marlo ) and his creator Raymond Chandler .
Fictional character biography
Marlo first appeared as an aerobics and swimming instructor and was a love interest for the casino security enforcer `` Joe Fixit '' , who was in reality the believed-dead Hulk living incognito . His true identity was unknown to Marlo . She left him after she saw him appear to commit a brutal murder but , after the Hulk reached out to her in a rare display of emotion , their relationship ended in a more amicable way .
She had later appeared as the girlfriend of Rick Jones , who was Hulk 's sidekick and best friend to the Hulk 's alter ego Bruce Banner . She had met Rick while he was on a book tour promoting his memoir , Sidekick . It was only when Rick , not knowing of Marlo 's previous relationship with the Hulk , introduced her to Bruce and Betty , that Marlo discovered that Mr. Fixit was really the Hulk , and that Bruce was not merely Mr. Fixit 's friend but his alter ego .
Shortly after this introduction—Marlo assuring Betty that she had nothing to be jealous about as Bruce and Joe were two distinct people and Bruce had been unswervingly loyal to Betty—the psychiatrist Doc Samson integrated the three personalities of the Hulk ( green , gray , and Banner ) , resulting in a being that possessed a permanent Hulk body with Bruce 's face and intelligence . When Betty expressed skepticism of a continued relationship with this new version of her husband , she moved in with Marlo , with whom she became best friends .
Marlo was stabbed to death by Jackie Shorr , a deranged woman who claimed to be Rick 's biological mother . Rick eventually revived Marlo using the technology of the Hulk villain known as Leader . She did not come back all the way at first , and spent some time in a near vegetative state , only snapping out of it and regaining some form of consciousness when her brothers tried to issue a court order to take her into care .
Rick and Marlo married , although the wedding was nearly called off . At his bachelor party , Rick discovered a soft porn film that featured Marlo stripping nude at the beach , which was one of several such films she appeared in just after she had finished high school , but the couple reconciled thanks to the Hulk 's intervention . Every supervillain from Kree to Mephisto appeared at their wedding , due to the machinations of the Impossible Man . The two even became famous while hosting a successful talk show called Keeping up with the Joneses . During this time they made occasional appearances in the Hulk series ; Marlo and Betty Banner ( wife of Bruce Banner ) became close friends and lived together ( again ) for a while until Betty 's untimely death .
Marlo and Rick separated for a time , and she occupied herself with running the couple 's Los Angeles-area comic book store . She and Rick reunited shortly after he was bonded with Genis-Vell the son of the original Captain Marvel , who took on that mantle himself . Soon after , Marlo was menaced by the Wendigo , a cannibalistic monster . She was saved by the Hulk . During the Captain Marvel series , Marlo became possessed by the personification of Death . The large amount of cosmic powers leave her with a literal death wish , which manifests itself as reality changing to suit Marlo 's desires . Later , after coming to understand the situation , this talent goes away when she wishes for it to be gone . The comic store itself often had stories featuring real-life incidents happening to Marlo and Rick . Marlo spent much of the time annoyed by a chain-smoking , female ghost only she could see and hear . This was the spirit of the girl killed during the Wendigo debacle . Marlo played a major role in the Captain Marvel series .
At one point she develops an attraction for the superheroine Moondragon which surprises the pair . At first both were unsure of what to do and before they could explore the possibility Marlo is whisked away by her husband . When the truth eventually comes out Rick stands aside to let Marlo and Heather figure out what may be . After some time passes Marlo and Heather break up when Marlo realizes that whatever feelings she had , they were stronger towards Rick . Heather , brokenheartedly , states she must have subconsciously used her telepathy to enamor Marlo . This is not true , just Heather trying to make the split easier for Marlo .
As the Captain Marvel series ended , Rick , now separated from Captain Marvel , and Marlo were last seen happily in love and giving their marriage a second chance .
Marlo went missing for some time and was revealed to have been kidnapped by the Leader . She was turned into a new version of the Harpy by the Leader . After telepathically manipulating her , the Leader sent her to battle Bruce Banner and Skaar . Afterwards when she recognized Rick upon regressing back from his A-Bomb form , she returned to normal and reunited with Rick .
During the World War Hulks storyline , she as Harpy helps A-Bomb fight Ulik after averting a disaster on the train tracks he destroyed . When Ulik starts to choke Marlo , she is saved by A-Bomb who defeats Ulik .
During the Chaos War storyline , Doctor Strange reveals to the Hulk and his allies that Marlo is now a crucial factor in the war . Due to her time as a host of Death , Marlo could serve as a `` Death substitute '' if she is discovered which would result in everyone currently merely immobilized by Hell being killed by the hellfire . Marlo soon uses her connection to Death to bring Doc Samson , Jarella , Hiroim , and Rebecca Banner back from the dead to help the Hulks in their fight against a resurrected Abomination , a Zom-possessed Doctor Strange , and the forces of Amatsu-Mikaboshi . Marlo Chandler later uses her connection to Death to free Doctor Strange from Zom and send Abomination back to the afterlife .
Marlo apparently reappears in Las Vegas some years later . to talk with Ben Reilly , the clone of Spider-Man , recently brought back to life and having spent time acting as the new Jackal , but it is soon revealed that this is actually Death , using Marlo 's body to talk with Reilly due to their prior bond .
Powers and abilities
Marlo Chandler is an expert gymnast and swimmer .
For a time , Marlo possessed a `` death wish '' power after her time serving as host to the cosmic being known as Death , which resulted in her being able to unconsciously shape reality when she made wishes , although this power would only work if she was not consciously trying to use it . She eventually erased this power after she wished that she no longer had it . It has been revealed the connection with Death can be rekindled under extreme circumstances , allowing her to access the powers of the cosmic being Mistress Death herself .
As the new Harpy , Marlo had superhuman strength and durability as well as the ability to fly and fire energy bolts from her hands .
Other versions
The Ultimate Universe version of Marlo Chandler made a brief appearance as the hostess at a Kansas diner that was visited by the Hulk and Power Princess .
In Ruins Marlo Chandler appears as a morphine addict living with Rick Jones who has gotten cancer from the gamma blast .
References
External links
Marlo Chandler at Marvel.com
Marlo Chandler at Marvel Wiki
Marlo Chandler at Comic Vine
Incredible Hulk.com Profile
Characters created by Peter David
Comics characters introduced in 1988
Fictional avatars
Fictional bisexual females
Fictional gymnasts
Fictional harpies
Fictional pornographic film actors
Marvel Comics characters who are shapeshifters
Marvel Comics LGBT characters
Marvel Comics female characters
Marvel Comics mutates
Marvel Comics characters with superhuman strength
The Crestview Local School District is a public school district serving Columbiana and other parts of northeastern Columbiana County in the U.S. state of Ohio .
Crestview High School is the only high school in the district . The schools ' sports teams are nicknamed the `` Rebels '' . The district 's colors are yellow and black .
Schools currently in operation by the school district
References
Education in Columbiana County , Ohio
School districts in Ohio
Public schools in Ohio
Douglas John Warlow ( born 13 February 1939 ) is a Welsh former dual-code international rugby union , and professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1960s and 1970s . He played representative level rugby union ( RU ) for Wales , and at club level for Felinfoel RFC and Llanelli RFC , as a prop , i.e . number 1 or 3 , and representative level rugby league ( RL ) for Great Britain , and at club level for St. Helens ( two spells ) , Widnes and the Rochdale Hornets , as a or , i.e . number 8 or 10 , or 11 or 12 , during the era of contested scrums .
Background
Warlow was born in Dafen , Carmarthenshire , Wales .
Playing career
International honours
John Warlow won a cap for Wales ( RU ) while at Llanelli RFC in 1962 against Ireland , and won caps for Great Britain ( RL ) while at St. Helens in 1964 against France , in the 1968 Rugby League World Cup against New Zealand , and France , and while at Widnes in 1971 against France ( two matches ) , and New Zealand .
Championship Final appearances
John Warlow played right- , i.e . number 12 , in St. Helens ' 35-12 victory over Halifax in the Championship Final during the 1965–66 season at Station Road , Swinton on Saturday 28 May 1966 , in front of a crowd of 30,165 .
Challenge Cup Final appearances
John Warlow played right- , i.e . number 12 , in St. Helens ' 21-2 victory over Wigan in the 1966 Challenge Cup Final during the 1965–66 season at Wembley Stadium , London on Saturday 21 May 1966 , in front of a crowd of 98,536 .
County Cup Final appearances
John Warlow played right- , i.e . number 10 , in St. Helens ' 12-4 victory over Swinton in the 1964 Lancashire County Cup Final during the 1964–65 season at Central Park , Wigan on Saturday 24 October 1964 , played left- , i.e . number 8 , in the 2-2 draw with Warrington in the 1967 Lancashire County Cup Final during the 1967–68 season at Central Park , Wigan on played left- , i.e . number 8 , in the 2-2 draw with Warrington in the 1967 Lancashire County Cup Final during the 1967–68 season at Central Park , Wigan on Saturday 7 October 1967 , played left- , and scored a try in the 13-10 victory over Warrington in the 1967 Lancashire County Cup Final replay during the 1967–68 season at Station Road , Swinton on Saturday 2 December 1967 , played left- in the 30-2 victory over Oldham in the 1968 Lancashire County Cup Final during the 1968–69 season at Central Park , Wigan on Friday 25 October 1968 , and played left- in Widnes 8-15 defeat by Wigan in the 1971 Lancashire County Cup Final during the 1970–71 season at Knowsley Road , St. Helens on Saturday 28 August 1971 .
BBC2 Floodlit Trophy Final appearances
John Warlow played left- , i.e . number 8 , in St. Helens ' 4-7 defeat by Wigan in the 1968 BBC2 Floodlit Trophy Final during the 1968-69 season at Central Park , Wigan on Tuesday 17 December 1968 , and played right- , i.e . number 10 , in Widnes ' 0-5 defeat by Leigh in the 1972 BBC2 Floodlit Trophy Final during the 1972-73 season at Central Park , Wigan on Tuesday 19 December 1972 .
Honoured at St Helens RFC
John Warlow is a St Helens RFC Hall of Fame inductee .
References
External links
! Great Britain Statistics at englandrl.co.uk ( statistics currently missing due to not having appeared for both Great Britain , and England )
Profile at saints.org.uk
Statistics at rugby.widnes.tv
1939 births
Living people
Dual-code rugby internationals
Felinfoel RFC players
Great Britain national rugby league team players
Llanelli RFC players
Rochdale Hornets players
Rugby league players from Carmarthenshire
Rugby league props
Rugby union players from Dafen
Rugby union props
St Helens R.F.C . players
Wales international rugby union players
Wales national rugby league team players
Welsh rugby league players
Welsh rugby union players
Widnes Vikings players
Samuli Pohjamo ( born 4 April 1950 ) is a Finnish Centre Party politician and journalist , born in Oulu . He has served as a Member of the European Parliament ( MEP ) from 1999 to 2004 , and again from 19 April 2007 .
In the spring of 1999 , the Finnish MEP Sirkka-Liisa Anttila opted to resign three months before her term was up to accept a position in the Parliament of Finland . Pohjamo , having been second runner-up in the previous election ( Olli Rehn , the first Centre Party runner-up , declined ) , became a member for the brief period until the next election , the following summer .
In the 1999 European Parliament elections , Pohjamo was re-elected with a 25,000 votes , most of them coming from his home region in Oulu . During his five-year term he served as a member of the Committee on Regional Development .
In the 2004 election , Pohjamo increased his tally of votes to 27,490 , but his lack of nationwide support ( only 3,000 of those votes came from outside the Oulu electoral district ) caused him to fall short of the mark , becoming his party 's first runner-up . When fellow Centre Party representative Paavo Väyrynen resigned his membership in the European Parliament to move into the position of Finland 's Minister for Foreign Trade and Development , Pohjamo was once again raised from the position of runner-up into a parliament member .
Samuli Pohjamo has been an editor-in-chief in Suomenmaa .
External links
Biography on the European Parliament website
1950 births
Living people
People from Oulu
Centre Party ( Finland ) MEPs
MEPs for Finland 1999–2004
MEPs for Finland 2004–2009
Finnish journalists
Dave or David McCann may refer to :
David McCann ( born 1973 ) , Irish racing cyclist
Dave McCann ( Canadian football ) ( 1889–1959 ) , Canadian Football League player , official , coach , and executive
Dave McCann ( sportscaster ) , evening anchor for KSL-TV , Salt Lake City , Utah ; and play-by-play broadcaster , BYUtv
Dave McCann ( singer-songwriter ) ( born 1972 ) , Canadian songwriter and performer
David McCann ( rugby union ) ( born 2000 ) , Irish rugby union player
is a Japanese manga artist , and one of the earliest female manga artists . During the 1960s , Maki contributed significantly to the development of shōjo manga ( manga for girls ) , and became one of the most popular shōjo authors of her generation . She later became a pioneer in manga for adults , producing gekiga and redikomi towards the end of that decade .
She is the wife of manga artist Leiji Matsumoto , with whom she has collaborated with on multiple works . Miyako created Licca-chan , a popular Japanese doll manufactured by Takara . Works by Maki have been awarded the Japan Cartoonists Association Award , the Montreal International Comic Contest prize , and the Shogakukan Manga Award .
Early life
Miyako Maki was born 29 July 1935 in Kobe , Hyōgo Prefecture . She did not discover manga until graduating from high school – her parents started a book distribution company in Osaka which distributed manga , and Maki became interested by the possibilities of expression offered by the medium . After realizing that manga was the best way to express her thoughts , she began her career as a mangaka in 1957 .
Career
Shōjo manga
Maki created her first manga in 1957 . She presented it to the director of Tokodo , the publisher of Osamu Tezuka 's works . Tokodo refused to publish her manga , but provided her with Tezuka 's original manuscript for Red Snow to develop her craft . Maki then created her second manga , , which was accepted for publication . She moved to Tokyo and began work for major publishers such as Kodansha , Kobunsha and Shogakukan .
During her early career , Maki took inspiration from Tezuka 's graphic and narrative style from his books as well his lectures . In 1958 , Macoto Takahashi published his first manga , Arashi o koete . In it , Takahashi pioneered the graphic style of sutairu-ga , a decorative style that magnifies the emotions of the characters , as opposed to Tezuka 's dynamic techniques which focus on the action of the characters . Maki was among the first waves of artists to embrace sutairu-ga , starting with her manga Shōjo Sannin that was published in August 1958 . Sutairu-ga was quickly established in shōjo manga and became a distinctive quality of shōjo as compared to shōnen manga ( manga for boys ) .
Common topics and themes of Maki 's shōjo manga include ballet , the search for family love ( a genre known as haha-mono ) , and the pursuit of dreams . These ideas were taken from Maki 's young girlish feelings , while frustrated by the shortages caused by World War II . These works are distinguished by their contemporary Japanese settings , contrasting mainstream shōjo manga of the era that often depicted a fantasized and idealized West .
Collaborations with Leiji Matsumoto
Maki became acquainted with multiple manga artists in Tokyo , including Tezuka , Leiji Matsumoto and Tetsuya Chiba . Maki married Matsumoto in 1961 , and they began to collaborate on manga together . At the time , Matsumoto specialised in shōjo manga featuring cute animal characters , though he wanted to orient himself towards shōnen and animation .
In their collaborations , Maki was tasked with drawing the female characters while Matsumoto drew the male and animal characters . Their collaborations integrate elements typical of both shōjo and shōnen , as in Watashi no Eru ( 1964 ) , which incorporates both the cinematic style typical of shōnen and the more decorative style based on sutairu-ga and shōjo .
In pursuit of Matsumoto 's dream of creating animation , they shot like an animation , frame-by-frame . Through these collaborations , Maki influenced Matsumoto to design strong and combative female characters , on par with male characters , becoming one of the first artists to develop such characters in shōnen .
Licca-chan
The success of Miyako Maki 's characters caught the attention of the toy maker , Takara . Takara was inspired by the faces and proportions of Maki 's characters to create the Licca-chan doll . The first Licca-chan was sold in 1967 and accompanied by a brochure with an illustration by Maki . The doll was successful and dominated the market for the following decades . While Maki is credited as the originator of the doll 's prototype , she does not own any copyright to it .
Gekiga and manga for adults
Maki 's interests evolved over time , and she began to abandon romantic stories aimed at young girls to write manga with realistic narratives aimed at an adult female audience . These stories were not suitable for the shōjo magazines which she worked at , however . In 1968 , magazines dedicated to a male audience of young adults approached Maki and asked her to create manga for them . The first magazine to do so was Bessatsu Action who were looking for a manga artist team to redraw the works of Masaki Tsuji . Following this project , she decided to create her own manga in the gekiga style : Mashūko Banka ( 1968 ) published in the women 's magazine Josei Seven . Subsequently she continued to write gekiga for women 's and men 's magazines .
To create her gekiga , Maki was inspired by the work of Kazuo Kamimura , in particular his atmosphere and his stories centered on the lives of strong women . In her stories , she strived to represent women who seek freedom , especially sexual freedom , from the taboos of the time .
In 1975 , the city of Montreal , Canada organised the Montreal International Comic Contest . Japanese critic Kōsei Ono , a member of the jury , asked several Japanese authors to participate in the competition , including Maki . The jury assessed a single comic strip on the quality of the drawing . Maki sent a sheet of the story The Narcissus with Red Lips from her gekiga Seiza no onna and won first prize of the competition , becoming the first manga to be internationally awarded .
With Miyako Maki being the first woman to write manga for an adult audience , she paved the way for the creation of redikomi with the help of authors like Masako Watanabe or Hideko Mizuno who joined her shortly afterwards .
Awards and adaptations
Maki won the Japan Cartoonists Association Award in 1974 for . In 1975 , she won the Montreal International Comic Contest for Seiza no onna ( 星座の女 ) and later received the 1989 Shogakukan Manga Award ( General category ) for Genji Monogatari . Two of her manga , Netsu ai and Akujo seisho have been adapted as television series and another , Koibito misaki , was adapted for the cinema .
References
Bibliography
Manga artists
Manga artists from Hyōgo Prefecture
Women manga artists
Japanese female comics artists
Female comics writers
1935 births
Living people
People from Kobe
Japanese women writers
Gekiga creators
Akihiro Macieira Sato ( born September 12 , 1983 ) is a Japanese Brazilian model .
Early life
Akihiro Sato was born on September 12 , 1983 to Ichiro Sato and Clea Maceda Andrade in São Paulo , Brazil . His mother Clea Maceda is Portuguese , Russian-Jewish and Lithuanian descent while his father Ichiro is Japanese . He has an older brother and an older sister .
Career
Modeling and acting
Sato started modeling in Brazil and Thailand . He appeared in a Filipino movie called Handumanan . He is one of the most popular models in the Philippines as of 2009 . He joined Survivor Philippines : Celebrity Showdown and made it all the way to the end , Day 36 with Ervic Vijandre , Solenn Heussaff , and Aubrey Miles as the shows `` Final Four '' . In the live finals , he was named as the `` 1st Celebrity Sole Survivor '' .
Sato also appeared in GMA Network shows like SRO Cinemaserye : Moshi Moshi I Love You , with Rufa Mae Quinto as his leading lady ; in Darna as Vladimir the Vampire , one of Darna 's enemies ; and in Panday Kids as Oswaldo .
In 2011 , Sato played the role of Tommy in the movie My Valentine Girls . He appeared in Captain Barbell as Bruno .
When his contract with GMA Network expired , Sato moved to ABS-CBN due to lack of TV shows . Sato appeared in Trip na Trip as a new host .
Football
Sato signed up to play for Team Socceroo F.C . of the now-defunct United Football League for the 2011 season . He played with actor models , Daniel Matsunaga and Fabio Ide .
Personal life
Sato studied the Tagalog language in the University of the Philippines . He is good friends with his fellow Japanese Brazilian model-turned-actors Daniel Matsunaga and Fabio Ide .
Sato is now based in Brazil , where he lives with his girlfriend . Their daughter , Mayumi , was born on January 28 , 2013 .
Television
Film
References
Brazilian male models
Brazilian male film actors
1983 births
Living people
Brazilian people of Japanese descent
Brazilian people of Lithuanian descent
Brazilian people of Russian-Jewish descent
Brazilian people of Portuguese descent
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in the Philippines
Brazilian footballers
Brazilian expatriate footballers
Survivor ( franchise ) winners
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Thailand
Brazilian male television actors
21st-century Brazilian male actors
Survivor Philippines contestants
Team Socceroo F.C . players
Male actors of Japanese descent
Association footballers not categorized by position
Footballers from São Paulo
Reuther Nunataks ( ) is a ridgelike line of nunataks 4 nautical miles ( 7 km ) long , located 3 nautical miles ( 6 km ) west of Landmark Peak in the Founders Peaks , Heritage Range . Named by the University of Minnesota Geological Party to these mountains , 1963–64 , for Charles J. Reuther , who served that season as helicopter technical representative with the 62nd Transportation Detachment .
Further reading
G.F.Webers , K.B . Sporli , Palaeontological and Stratigraphic Investigations in the Ellsworth Mountains , West Antarctica , Antarctic Earth Science , p. 261-262
Nunataks of Ellsworth Land
Gerald Fuchsbichler ( 20 April 1944 – 23 February 1995 ) was an Austrian former international footballer . He was the older brother of Erwin Fuchsbichler , who was also a goalkeeper for the Austrian National Team .
After starting his career at Kapfenberger SV , when the club was relegated from the Bundesliga at the end of the 1966/67 season , Fuchsbichler signed for Rapid Wien for 150,000 schillings ( €10,900 ) . During his time at Rapid Wien the team won the League championship , and Fuchsbichler was called up to the Austrian National Team . During the 1970–71 season , Gerald 's brother Erwin Fuchsbichler , also a goalkeeper , signed for Rapid Wien . In 1971 Gerard was transferred to Wiener Sport-Club for 700,000 Schillings ( €50,871.00 ) .
After retiring , he took up an office job at Nordmende .
He died in 1995 of cancer of the jaw and tongue .
References
1944 births
1995 deaths
Association football goalkeepers
Austrian footballers
Austria international footballers
Kapfenberger SV players
SK Rapid Wien players
Wiener Sport-Club players
SC Untersiebenbrunn players
Reynolds Strait ( ) is a strait between Forrester Island on the north and Shepard and Grant Islands along the edge of Getz Ice Shelf on the south . The discovery of Forrester Island from USS Glacier on February 4 , 1962 , simultaneously established the existence of the strait , which was then sounded . The name was applied by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names ( US-ACAN ) for Ralph R. Reynolds ( 1938–73 ) , Lieutenant Commander , CEC , U.S. Navy who was Officer-in-Charge of the Navy Nuclear Power Unit at McMurdo Station in 1970 .
Straits of Antarctica
Bodies of water of Marie Byrd Land
Switzerland was represented by Mariella Farré , with the song `` Io così non ci sto '' at the 1983 Eurovision Song Contest which took place on April 23 . Farré was the winner of the Swiss national final for the 1983 Contest , held on March 26 .
Before Eurovision
Concours Eurovision 1983
Swiss German broadcaster SF DRS was in charge of broadcasting the selection for the Swiss entry for the 1983 Contest . The national final was held at the studios of DRS in Zurich , hosted by Marie-Thérèse Gwerder . Hans Moeckel 's Big Band accompanied the entries . Nine songs were submitted for the 1983 national final and the winning song was chosen by 3 regional juries , a press jury , and a jury of music experts . DRS and TSI announced their votes in a different order than usual due to technical difficulties . The interval act was American musical theatre performer Vivian Reed .
At Eurovision
On the night of the Contest , Farré performed eighth , following Spain and preceding Finland . At the close of voting `` Io così non ci sto '' had received 28 points , placing Switzerland in 15th place out of 20 entries , the country 's worst placing since 1974 . The Swiss jury awarded its 12 points to the Netherlands .
The Swiss conductor at the contest was Robert Weber .
Voting
References
External links
Swiss National Final 1983
1983
Countries in the Eurovision Song Contest 1983
Eurovision
The tirailleurs malgaches were a corps of French colonial infantry established in Madagascar .
Overview
After the annexation of Madagascar by France in 1896 , Malagasy troops were recruited , and the Tirailleurs malgaches were formed along similar lines to the Senegalese Tirailleurs , forming part of the Troupes coloniales of the French Armed Forces . In 1905 , there were three regiments , each of three battalions apiece , stationed at Tananarive , Tamatave and Diego Suarez .
World War I
During World War I , the governor general of the colony , Hubert Garbit , organised the mobilisation of the Malagasy population . The first contingent was sent in October 1915 to France , followed by five others in 1916 . Like their Tirailleurs indochinois counterparts the Tirailleurs malgaches battalions were initially employed behind the lines in guard , depot and factory-worker duties , rather than being deployed in a fighting role .
A total of 26 battalions were formed between 1916 and 1918 . These were garrisoned mainly at the camps of Fréjus and Puget-sur-Argens in the Var , and most were dissolved in 1918 , with around 15,000 men being transferred to the artillery . Three battalions performed rear echelon duties with the Armée d'Orient ( 1915–1919 ) on the Macedonian front . The 12e bataillon de tirailleurs malgaches was the only battalion to be awarded the Fourragère of the Croix de guerre 1914–1918 ( France ) for three unit citations . Up until 22 July 1918 , it formed part of the highly decorated 1st Moroccan Infantry Division .
45,863 Malagasys served in the ranks of the French Army ( including 41,355 in combat roles ) . Of these 10,000 were incorporated into heavy artillery regiments . A total of 3,101 Malagasy soldiers were killed or reported missing and 1,835 injured .
Post WWI
In 1926 the Malagasy units were redesignated as the 1st and 2nd regiments mixte de Madagascar . These in turn were disbanded in November 1942 , following the British occupation of the island . Reformed in 1946 , the RMM lost their specific Malagasy identity after 1957 when merged into the mainstream Troupes de Marine .
Uniforms
Throughout their history the Tirailleurs malgaches wore the same dark blue or khaki uniforms as the Tirailleurs senegalais on which they were modelled . The only distinction was the substitution of the letters TM for TS on the collar patches .
References
Notes
References
Bibliography
External links
Website of the military museum in Fréjus dedicated to Troupes coloniales of France
Army units and formations of France
Colonial troops
Joseph Garnett Wood ( 2 September 1900 – 8 December 1959 ) was an Australian professor of botany and a president of the Royal Society of South Australia .
Wood was born in Adelaide , South Australia and educated at Unley High School , the South Australian School of Mines and Industries and the University of Adelaide , where he was awarded D.Sc . in 1933 .
For much of Wood 's career , his research was in the areas of stomatal physiology and the biochemistry of native plants underwater stress .
Wood contributed reviews on the biochemistry of nitrogen and sulphur metabolism in pasture plants to three international journals : Chronica Botanica in 1942 , Annual Review of Biochemistry in 1945 and Annual Review of Plant Physiology in 1953 .
Career highlights
1942 President of the Royal Society of South Australia ( RSSA )
1944 ( Sir Joseph ) Verco Medal of the RSSA
1948-59 member of the ( interim ) council of the Australian National University , Canberra
1952 ( W . B . ) Clarke Medal of the Royal Society of New South Wales
1950-56 , 1959 member of the CSIRO ( Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation ) advisory council
1952-59 member of the UNESCO ( United Nations Educational , Scientific and Cultural Organization ) advisory committee on arid-zone research
1954 elected Fellow of the Australian Academy of Science ( F.A.A . )
1958 founding president of the Australian Society of Plant Physiologists .
References
Ray Specht , Wood , Joseph Garnett ( 1900 - 1959 ) , Australian Dictionary of Biography , Volume 16 , MUP , 2002 , pp 578–579 .
External links
Wood , Joseph Garnett ( 1900 - 1959 ) , Encyclopaedia of Australian Science
20th-century Australian botanists
Fellows of the Australian Academy of Science
1900 births
1959 deaths
The Ragione di adoprar sicuramente l'Arme , si da offesa come da difesa was a famous treatise on fencing published by Giacomo di Grassi in 1570 . The text was later translated into English and published again in 1594 , as Di Grassi , His True Arte of Defence . The translation of Di Grassi was one of the three premiere fencing texts known from Elizabethan England .
The main teachings of the book were that weapons of the same length are used similarly , the thrust is preferred to all other attacks , as well as specifics on how to thrust and handle specific weapons .
Introduction
Digrassi wrote at a time of transition from heavier swords to longer lighter swords such as the rapier . The illustrated posture and footwork style is erect , front facing , with feet close together ; similar to modern Kendo footwork but unlike that advocated by some 17th-century authors of the subsequent generation .
Weapons of the same length are used similarly
Swords and spears , when used to fight at close quarters , both work on the same principles . They are bladed weapons , with handles of varying lengths . What is important to keep in mind when using This is their length . There are three lengths , which determine how they are held and used : short , medium and long . Short , like a single-handed sword , means about half the height of the user . Medium , like a two-handed sword or a short spear , means about the height of the user . Long , like a pike , means significantly taller than the user .
The thrust to be preferred to all other attacks
For all weapons , the straight thrust forward is the quickest method of attack , puts the least amount of stress on the weapon of any blow , and if the tip is pointed , provides the easiest method of piercing into the body .
How to thrust
To thrust it forward , the weapon must be jabbed ahead , with the arms alone , a step forward , a lunge-step , a jump , a run , or any combination or stringing together of these .
To get maximum reach and to make the body as flat as possible to the opponent to dodge a counter-thrust , at the end of the thrust the back foot is shifted diagonally forward so that it is in line with the front foot and the tip of the weapon . The final diagonal step also brings the body out of the direct forward thrust-path of the opponent , achieving an angular attack and evasion both at once .
Ideal movements
The following three actions can be practiced as drills in basic ancient weapon handling , if you are healthy enough to try them , if you have enough space to safely perform them , and if you have sticks of varying lengths to use .
The sword
For a short weapon ( a single-handed sword ) , assuming a right-handed fighter , the weapon is held in the right hand , with the hand somewhere to the outside of the right hip , and the point directed at somewhere around the opponent 's heart or throat . The right foot is placed forward . This position gives maximum protection while providing maximum offensive capability also . When the sword is thrust forward by the right hand , so too is the right foot , and the left foot is brought up to be in line with them . Because the weapon is so short and maneuverable , the angularity of the final lining up may be hardly noticeable , nor quite as important as with the longer weapons . To finish , the entire sequence can be run in reverse to return everything to its initial position .
The spear or two-handed sword
For a medium weapon ( a short spear , a bayoneted gun or a two-handed sword ) , requiring two hands , the left hand grabs near the buttstock and the right a comfortable distance ahead of it , about one foot up to give an estimation . The left hand is either squarely in front of the lower belly , or it is closer to the left hip , depending on how long the weapon is compared to the user 's height . The point is comfortably stretched out towards the opponent 's neck or upper chest . The stance is more square than for the short weapon , although the right foot is still forward somewhat . To thrust , the right and left hands both push forward together , but the right hand then releases its grip to allow the left to keep pushing the weapon out to its fullest extent . At the same time , the left foot is brought from behind to step far forward in front of the right foot , and finally the right foot is shifted forward and to the left to align it with the point of the weapon and the left foot . The left hand must then pull the weapon back so that the right hand can grab it and return to the on guard position described above . The feet go through a reverse pattern of what they just did to return the body to its initial position . This is a more complex movement than with the short weapon , and so takes much drill to become comfortable with .
The pike
For a long weapon , such as a pike , the hands are placed well apart , with the right this time at or near the butt end of the weapon , and is placed well back of the hip , and the left hand stretched out toward the opponent . The switched places of the hands from the previous weapon are because the right hand ( the dominant and more dextrous hand ) has more control of the movements of the long weapon when at the back than at the front , due to the added length and weight of the weapon and also because there is more leverage to be applied from behind than from in front now . In this case the pivot point is the left hand . In the case of the previous , medium , weapon , the pivot point in the manipulation of the spear or sword is really somewhere between the two hands , but closer to the forward , right , hand . The stance with the long weapon is with the left foot now in front , with the right foot behind . So , to thrust the long weapon forward , both hands are used initially , as in the last weapon , and the left hand is then released to allow the point to pass as far forwards as possible . The right leg is brought up to step far in front of the left , and the left brought into alignment with the right foot and the point . Then , the right pulls back on the weapon , allowing the left to re-grip . The feet can be put through a reverse of what they have just done to return to the on guard position .
The use of less perfect motions
Thinking of these thrusts as the most direct , quickest , and most reaching ways to attack the opponent , one can start to imagine all of the less efficient cutting , hitting and chopping attacks possible also , employed to catch the opponent off guard . The first would be the delivery of a straight-down blow from above , using the same stepping patterns to achieve maximum reach .
General tactics
For defensive and offensive maneuvers for superior position , various beats , parries , blocks , slaps , dodges , steps and jumps to stay out of range or spring into range are employed . Once superior striking position is achieved , the fighter will thrust or strike home and finish the fight .
The shield
When used in conjunction with another weapon , the shield , of various shapes and sizes , each requiring their own specific uses , was held in the left hand and the weapon in the right hand . This usually necessitated that weapons of the short variety be used , since medium and long ones would be too heavy for the right hand alone to wield . The right foot was placed forward and the left foot behind , which although more straining a position than the other way around , kept the right hand in a better place for thrusting , and the left , unarmed side , farther away from the opponent . The shield was held outstretched towards the opponent 's face to limit his vision and to parry his weapon closer to its pivot point where it is weakest in its movement .
See also
Dardi School
References
External links
English translation by Thomas Churchyard
English translation ( 1594 )
Abridged translation with commentary
Giacomo di Grassi ( Higgins Armoury Museum )
Schools and Masters of Fence , by Edgerton Castle
A Case of Swords ( School of the Sword ) Discussion of diGrassi 's advice on fighting with two swords .
Historical fencing
1570 books
Combat treatises
`` Band of Gold '' may refer to :
`` Band of Gold '' ( 1955 song ) , a 1955 song popularized by Don Cherry
`` Band of Gold '' ( Freda Payne song ) , a 1970 song popularized by Freda Payne and various other artists
Band of Gold ( album ) , a 1970 album by Freda Payne that capitalized on the hit of the same name
`` Band of Gold '' , a song by Greg Brown on his 1990 album Down in There
Band of Gold ( band ) , a Dutch group who had a hit with a medley called `` Love Songs Are Back Again ''
Band of Gold ( TV series ) , a programme on British television
That Little Band of Gold , a 1915 film starring Fatty Arbuckle
Homs camp is a Palestinian refugee camp within the city of Homs , Syria , and around north of Damascus . As of 2002 , the camp had a population of 13,825 inhabitants .
The camp was established in 1949 following the displacement of Palestinians during the 1948 Arab-Israeli War on an area of 150,000 square meters . It is adjacent to al-Baath University and most of the refugees are originally from the villages surrounding Haifa and Acre in northern Palestine . Today , the majority of the refugees are wage laborers , local civil servants or street vendors .
According to the UNRWA , poor environmental health is a major concern as it affects the quality of life and poses health risks for the refugees . The sewage system needs to be expanded to cope with the increasing camp population . The schools are old and dilapidated condition , and some have major structural defects . The UNRWA 's main priority in the camp is to reconstruct the schools to provide improved educational facilities .
In 1996 , the UNRWA constructed a new health center with a contribution from the United States government . A new community rehabilitation center for the disabled was built in 1999 in partnership with MOVIMONDO Molisv ( an Italian non-governmental organization ) with funds from the European Community Humanitarian Office ( ECHO ) .
References
External links
Homs , articles from UNWRA
Neighborhoods of Homs
Populated places established in 1949
Palestinian refugee camps in Syria
The Plehwe Complex is a set of historic saltbox houses on Boerne Stage Road near Leon Springs in Bexar County , Texas , United States . The place is also known as Plehwe Stage Coach Inn , a competitor to the Aue Stage Coach Inn just around the corner in 750 yards distance . The buildings were added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 15 , 1983 .
Owners
The original owners were Capt . Charles Felix George von Plehwe and his spouse Mina Sophie von Plehwe , who had two children , Pauline and Frederick . George , as he was called , was the nephew of Senior General Bernard von Plehwe of the Prussian Cavalry . George 's brother , Otto von Plehwe ( a.k.a . Fritz von Plehwe ) , immigrated in 1868 together with his orderly , the former valet of his father , Joseph Peter Potschernick . Joseph had the fare to return to Germany but elected to remain with the von Plehwe family in the United States .
The buildings on a 100-acre ground are now owned and maintained by George Strait .
References
German-American culture in Texas
National Register of Historic Places in Bexar County , Texas
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Texas
Houses in Bexar County , Texas
Harold Greetham ( 7 March 1930 – December 2018 ) was an English professional footballer who played as a full-back .
References
1930 births
2018 deaths
Footballers from Grimsby
English footballers
Association football fullbacks
Grimsby Town F.C . players
Skegness Town A.F.C . players
English Football League players
Inka Wesely is a German former football defender .
As an Under-19 international she won the 2010 U-20 World Cup .
Honours
1 . FFC Turbine Potsdam
Bundesliga : Winner 2011 , 2012
International
FIFA U-20 Women 's World Cup : Winner 2010
UEFA Women 's Under-17 Championship : Winner 2008
FIFA U-17 Women 's World Cup Third place 2008
References
1991 births
Living people
1 . FFC Turbine Potsdam players
SGS Essen players
German women 's footballers
Women 's association football defenders
People from Wesel
Sportspeople from Düsseldorf ( region )
Footballers from North Rhine-Westphalia
Admiral Volodymyr Bezkorovainy ( ) ; August 16 , 1944 — January 23 , 2017 ) was the former Commander of the Ukrainian Navy ( October 1993 – October 1996 ) .
References
External links
Biography ( In Ukrainian )
Biography ( In Russian )
1944 births
2017 deaths
Ukrainian admirals
People from Uman
Maurice Philipperon is a noted French jockey who after retirement became president of the French jockeys ' association .
His winning rides in Gr . 1 and 2 races included :
the Prix Ganay in 1970 , 1971 and 1980 on Grandier , Caro and Arctic Tern .
the Poule d'Essai des Poulains in 1974 , 1979 and 1989 on Moulines , Irish River and Kendor .
the Prix du Moulin de Longchamp in 1977 , 1979 and 1983 on Pharly , Irish River and Luth Enchantee .
the Prix Lupin in 1977 and 1980 on Pharly and Belgio .
the Poule d'Essai des Pouliches in 1970 and 1980 on Pampered Miss and Aryenne .
the Prix Maurice de Gheest in 1982 and 1985 on Exclusive Order and Spectacular Joke .
the Prix Jacques Le Marois in 1979 and 1983 on Irish River and Luth Enchantee .
the Prix Morny in 1968 , 1978 , 1980 and 1987 on Princeline , Irish River , Ancien Régime and First Waltz .
the Grand Critérium ( now Prix Jean-Luc Lagardère ) in 1979 and 1989 on Irish River and Kendor .
the Prix d'Ispahan in 1979 and 1989 on Grandier and Irish River .
the Prix de la Forêt in 1970 and 1976 on Stratege and Pharly .
the Washington , D.C. International Stakes in 1974 on Admetus .
the Grand Prix de Saint-Cloud in 1975 on Un Kopeck .
the Prix du Cadran in 1980 on Shafaraz .
the Critérium de Saint-Cloud in 1982 on Escaline .
the Prix de la Salamandre in 1978 on Irish River .
He is the leading winning jockey ( since 1952 ) in the Gr.3 Prix de Fontainebleau with six wins ,
Farabi ( 1967 ) , Blinis ( 1971 ) , Arctic Tern ( 1976 ) , Irish River ( 1979 ) , Castle Guard ( 1983 ) , Kendor ( 1989 ) , and the Gr . 3 Prix de Seine-et-Oise with five wins , Vertueuse ( 1963 ) , King of Macedon ( 1978 , 1979 ) and Parioli ( 1985 , 1986 ) .
References
Living people
French jockeys
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Miroslav Varga ( born 21 September 1960 in Žatec ) is a sport shooter and Olympic champion for Czechoslovakia . He won a gold medal in the 50 metre rifle prone event at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul .
He represented the Czech Republic at the 2008 Olympics in Beijing .
References
1960 births
Living people
People from Žatec
Czechoslovak male sport shooters
Czech male sport shooters
ISSF rifle shooters
Olympic shooters of Czechoslovakia
Olympic shooters of the Czech Republic
Olympic gold medalists for Czechoslovakia
Shooters at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Shooters at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Shooters at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Olympic medalists in shooting
Medalists at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from the Ústí nad Labem Region
The 12th Kentucky Cavalry Regiment was a cavalry regiment that served in the Union Army during the American Civil War .
Service
The 12th Kentucky Cavalry Regiment was organized at Caseyville and Owensboro , Kentucky and mustered in on November 17 , 1862 , for three years under the command of Colonel Quintus C. Shanks .
The regiment was attached to District of Western Kentucky , Department of the Ohio , to June 1863 . 2nd Brigade , 3rd Division , XXIII Corps , Army of the Ohio , to August 1863 . Independent Cavalry Brigade , XXIII Corps , to November 1863 . 1st Brigade , 1st Division , Cavalry Corps , Department of the Ohio , to April 1864 . 3rd Brigade , Cavalry Division , District of Kentucky , Department of the Ohio , May 1864 . 1st Brigade , Cavalry Division , XXIII Corps , to June 1864 . Detached Cavalry Brigade , 3rd Division , XXIII Corps , to August 1864 . Dismounted Brigade , Cavalry Division , XXIII Corps , to September 1864 . 1st Brigade , Cavalry Division , XXIII Corps , September 1864 . District of Louisville , Kentucky , to November 1864 . 2nd Brigade , 4th Division , XXIII Corps , to March 1865 . 2nd Brigade , Cavalry Division , District of East Tennessee , to July 1865 . Cavalry Brigade , District of East Tennessee , to August 1865 .
The 12th Kentucky Cavalry mustered out of service on August 23 , 1865 .
Detailed service
Action at Owensboro , Kentucky , September 18 , 1862 . Sutherland Farm September 19 . Action at Calhoun , Kentucky , November 25 , 1862 . Operations against Morgan 's Raid into Kentucky December 22 , 1862 to January 2 , 1863 . Bear Wallow , Kentucky , December 23 , 1862 . Near Glasgow December 24 . Bear Wallow and near Munfordville December 25 . Bacon Creek near Munfordville December 26 . Johnson 's Ferry , Hamilton 's Ford , Rolling Fork , December 29 . Boston , Kentucky , December 29 . Duty in District of Western Kentucky until April 1863 . Creelsborough April 19 . Expedition to Monticello and operations in southeastern Kentucky April 26-May 12 . Narrows , Horse Shoe Bottom , April 28–29 . Horse Shoe Bend , Greasy Creek , May 10 . Pursuit of Morgan through Kentucky , Indiana , and Ohio July 2–26 . Marrowbone July 2 . Buffington 's Island , Ohio , July 19 , Surrender of Morgan near Cheshire , Ohio , July 20 . New Lisbon , Ohio , July 26 . Ordered to Glasgow , Kentucky , August 4 . Burnside 's march into eastern Tennessee August 16-October 17 . Operations about Cumberland Gap September 7–10 . Carter 's Station September 20–21 . Jonesboro September 21 . Watauga River Bridge September 21–22 . Philadelphia October 20 . Knoxville Campaign November 4-December 23 . Little River November 14–15 . Stock Creek November 15 . Near Knoxville November 16 . Siege of Knoxville November 17-December 4 . Clinch Mountain December 6 . Rutledge December 7 . Bean 's Station December 9–17 . Rutledge December 16 . Blain 's Cross Roads December 16–19 . Bean 's Station and Rutledge December 18 . Bend of Chucky Road near Dandridge January 16–17 . About Dandridge January 16–17 . Dandridge January 17 . About Dandridge January 26–28 . Flat Creek and Muddy Creek January 26 . Fair Garden January 27 . Dandridge January 28 . Moved to Lebanon , Kentucky , February 3–12 . At Mt . Sterling until April . March from Nicholsville , Kentucky , to Dalton , Georgia , April 29-May 11 . Atlanta Campaign May 11-September 8 . Vernell Station May 11 . Battle of Resaca May 14–15 . Pine Log Creek May 18 . Cassville May 19–22 . Eutaw River May 20 . About Dallas May 25-June 5 . Burned Church May 26–27 . Mt . Zion Church May 27–28 . Allatoona May 30 . Pine Mountain June 10 . Operations about Marietta and against Kennesaw Mountain June 10-July 2 . Lost Mountain June 11–17 . Muddy Creek June 17 . Noyes Creek June 19 . McAffee 's Cross Roads June 20 . Cheyney 's Farm June 22 . Olley 's Cross Roads June 26–27 . Assault on Kennesaw June 27 . Lost Mountain July 1–2 . Nickajack Creek July 2–5 . Chattahoochie River July 6–17 . Siege of Atlanta July 22-August 25 . Flank movement on Jonesboro August 25–30 . Battle of Jonesboro August 31-September 1 . Ordered to Louisville , Kentucky , September 14 . Duty there at Lexington and Camp Nelson , Kentucky , until November . Rally Hill November 29 . Burbridge 's Saltville Expedition December 10–29 . Kingsport December 13 . Bristol December 14 . Near Glade Springs December 15 . Marion and capture of Wytheville , Virginia , December 16 . Mt . Airey December 17 . Near Marion December 17–18 . Capture and destruction of salt works at Saltville , Virginia , December 20–21 . Operations against Sue Mundy 's guerrillas near Elizabethtown , Kentucky , and in Green River counties January and February 1865 . Moved to Knoxville , Tennessee , March 20 and joined General Stoneman . Stoneman 's Raid in southwest Virginia and western North Carolina March 20-April 27 . Boone , North Carolina , March 28 . Statesville April 10–11 . Shallow Ford and near Mocksville April 11 . Grant 's Creek and Salisbury April 12 . Catawba River near Morgantown April 17 . Howard 's Gap , Blue Ridge Mountains , April 22 . Near Hendersonville April 23 . Asheville April 25 . Return to eastern Tennessee and duty at Sweetwater until August .
Casualties
The regiment lost a total of 233 men during service ; 3 officers and 22 enlisted men killed or mortally wounded , 4 officers and 204 enlisted men died of disease .
Commanders
Colonel Quintus C. Shanks
See also
List of Kentucky Civil War Units
Kentucky in the Civil War
References
Dyer , Frederick H. A Compendium of the War of the Rebellion ( Des Moines , IA : Dyer Pub . Co. ) , 1908 .
Attribution
Military units and formations established in 1862
Military units and formations disestablished in 1865
Units and formations of the Union Army from Kentucky
1862 establishments in Kentucky
Benjamin Arthur Yock ( born 8 February 1975 , in Christchurch ) is a former New Zealand cricketer who played two first-class matches for the Canterbury Wizards in 1997 . He played as a wicketkeeper .
In 2002 , during a strike by members of the New Zealand Cricket Players ' Association , Yock made headlines by breaking ranks and agreeing to play for Canterbury .
References
Cricinfo bio
1975 births
Living people
New Zealand cricketers
Canterbury cricketers
Wicket-keepers
Ogero ( or OGERO ) , which stands for `` Organisme de Gestion et d'Exploitation de l'ex Radio Orient '' ( in French ) is the fixed infrastructure operator in Lebanon , delivering voice and broadband internet and data services to residential and Enterprises . It was founded by the Lebanese state in 1972 . The company 's head office is located in Beirut . The current Chairman is Imad Kreidieh .
The I-ME-WE ( India-Middle East-Western Europe ) submarine communications cable system was funded by a consortium of 9 companies from across the world including Ogero . The I-ME-WE cable system comprises three optical fiber cable pairs and 2 trunk lines . It has been operational since 2009 with Tripoli , Lebanon being connected in November 2011 .
In July 2018 , Ogero enabled Internet Protocol version 6 ( IPv6 ) support for DSL users and for private operators .
On 5 November 2019 , during the 2019–20 Lebanese protests , protesters in Nabatieh , shut down Ogero office despite state-exerted political pressure towards the protesters in this region .
On 12 March 2020 , the government announced that internet service through Ogero would be boosted through the end of April , to encourage users to stay home to protect themselves from the coronavirus pandemic .
Speed
Internet speed provided by Ogero in Lebanon is ranked 169 out of 177 countries for internet broadband speeds according to Speedtest.net .
The average debit is 6.67 Mbps down and 5.61 Mbps up .
See also
Lebanon
Telecommunications in Lebanon
Ogero website
References
Telecommunication companies established in 1972
Telecommunication companies of Lebanon
1972 establishments in Lebanon
Companies based in Beirut
Bernhard Gustav von Baden-Durlach OSB ( 24 December 1631 at Karlsburg Castle in Durlach – 26 December 1677 in Hammelburg ) was a Major General in the Swedish army . After his conversion to Catholicism , he was Abbot of Fulda and Kempten Abbey and also cardinal .
Life
He was the son of Margrave Frederick V of Baden-Durlach and his second wife Eleonore of Solms-Laubach . He was the godson of King Gustavus Adolphus of Sweden . He was baptized as Gustav Adolph and raised in the Lutheran faith .
As a Major General in the Swedish army , he fought against Poland during the Second Northern War . After traveling through France and Italy and a lengthy stay in Rome , he converted to Catholicism on 24 August 1660 in the Franciscan Hermolsheim monastery in Mutzig in the Lower Alsace . He took the name of Bernhard Gustav , in honor of the Margrave Bernhard II .
In 1663 , the joined the Venetian army and fought in the Turkish War . A year later , he fought in the battle of St. Gotthard . In 1665 , he laid down his arms , entered the Benedictine Rheinau Abbey and received minor orders . In 1666 , he was appointed coadjutor of the prince-bishop of Fulda . In 1668 , he also became coadjutor of Kempten Abbey . In 1671 , he became Prince-Bishop in Fulda and coadjutor in the Michaelsberg Abbey in Siegburg .
On 24 August 1671 , Pope Clement X made him cardinal of Santa Susanna . In 1676 , he participated in the conclave that elected Pope Innocent XI .
He died on 26 December 1677 in Hammelburg and was buried there .
References
External links
Entry at catholic-hierarchy.org
Biographies at the Baden State Museum Karlsruhe
German Benedictines
Swedish generals
Benedictine abbots
17th-century German cardinals
Margraves of Baden
1631 births
1677 deaths
Converts to Roman Catholicism from Lutheranism
Military personnel of the Holy Roman Empire
Gnathophis musteliceps is an eel in the family Congridae ( conger/garden eels ) . It was described by Alfred William Alcock in 1894 , originally under the genus Congromuraena . It is a marine , deep water-dwelling eel which is known from the Bay of Bengal , in the western Indian Ocean . It dwells at a depth range of 265–457 metres .
References
musteliceps
Fish described in 1894
The class Hydrogenophilalia in the Bacteria was circumscribed in 2017 when it was demonstrated that the order Hydrogenophilales was distinct from the Betaproteobacteria on the basis of physiology , biochemistry , fatty acid profiles , and phylogenetic analyses on the basis of the 16S rRNA gene and 53 ribosomal protein sequences concatenated using the rMLST platform for multilocus sequence typing .
The class comprises one order , the Hydrogenophilales ( type order ) , which contains thermophilic organisms - both autotrophs and heterotrophs , the former of which utilise molecular hydrogen as their electron donor , coupling its oxidation to the reduction of NAD+ with the enzyme hydrogenase . The very high proportion of ω-cyclohexyl fatty acids ( specifically C19:0 cyclo and C17:0 cyclo ) versus straight counterparts was a major distinguishing feature versus the Betaproteobacteria , and is probably involved in ensuring membrane stability at high growth temperatures . Members of the class can all use molecular oxygen as a terminal electron acceptor ( i.e . are aerobic ) as well as nitrate , which can be used by some members during denitrification . The autotrophic members of the class do not use carboxysomes to concentrate carbon dioxide or improve RuBisCO efficiency as a carboxylase versus an oxygenase . The dominant respiratory quinone of the class is ubiquinone-8 and menaquinones or rhodoquinones are not observed , though they are in the neighbouring Betaproteobacteria .
References
Monotypic classes
Monotypic bacteria taxa
Aroldo Bonzagni ( 24 September 1887 – 30 December 1918 ) was a painter , draftsman , and illustrator born in Cento , Italy .
He moved to Milan to attend the Accademia di Brera on a scholarship , joining the ranks of avant-garde artists and becoming friends with Carlo Carrà , Umberto Boccioni , and Luigi Russolo .
He was extremely critical of the elite society of the times and signed the first Futurist Manifesto in 1910 .
Bonzagni died from the Spanish influenza pandemic in Milan .
In Cento , the Galleria d'arte moderna Aroldo Bonzagni was established in 1959 in his memory .
Gallery
External links
Drawings by Aroldo Bonzagni ( 1887-1918 )
Galleria d'Arte Moderna Aroldo Bonzagni
Italian illustrators
Italian male painters
1887 births
1918 deaths
Brera Academy alumni
Deaths from Spanish flu
People from Cento
19th-century Italian painters
20th-century Italian painters
19th-century Italian male artists
20th-century Italian male artists
Mohindra is an Indian name .
People with the given name
Mohindra Kumar Ghosh ( born 1893 ) , Indian politician
List of people with the surname
Anjli Mohindra ( born 1990 ) , British actress
Atul Mohindra ( born 1966 ) , Indian former cricket player
Brahm Mohindra ( born 1946 ) , Indian politician
Gagan Mohindra ( born 1978 ) , British politician
Vijat Mohindra ( born 1985 ) , American fashion photographer
See also
Mahendra
Given names
Surnames
Surnames of Indian origin
Indian masculine given names
Isaac Newton Arnold ( November 30 , 1815 – April 24 , 1884 ) was an American attorney , politician , and biographer who made his career in Chicago . He served two terms in the United States House of Representatives ( 1860–1864 ) and in 1864 introduced the first resolution in Congress proposing a constitutional amendment to abolish slavery in the United States . After returning to Chicago in 1866 , he practiced law and wrote biographies of Abraham Lincoln and Benedict Arnold .
Early life , education , and early career
Born in Hartwick , New York , Arnold was the son of Sophia M. and Dr. George Washington Arnold , natives of Rhode Island who had migrated to New York after the Revolutionary War . He attended common schools , followed by the Hartwick Seminary in 1831-1832 . There he joined the Philophronean Society , who debated the issues of the day , including the abolition of slavery .
From 1832-1835 , Arnold taught school in Otsego County . He studied law with Richard Cooper , and later with Judge E. B. Morehouse of Cooperstown . Admitted to the bar in 1835 at the age of 20 , Arnold became a partner of Morehouse .
Migration west
Excited by other possibilities , in 1836 Arnold moved to Chicago , a small village developing as population migrated west after completion of the Erie Canal in New York , which connected Great Lakes shipping to the port of New York City . He became a law partner of Mahlon D. Ogden . When Chicago was incorporated the following year , in 1837 Ogden was elected mayor and Arnold city clerk . He left office to attend to his law practice , through which he got to know and befriend fellow Illinois lawyer Abraham Lincoln .
In 1842 , Arnold was elected to the Illinois House of Representatives as a Democrat and served three terms . He was a Democratic presidential elector in 1844 .
Inspired by the issue of abolishing slavery , Arnold was a delegate to the national Free Soil Convention in 1848 . He left the Democrats to become an organizer of the Free Soil Party in Illinois . Arnold served one term in the state house from 1855-56 under the Free Soil banner .
In 1860 he joined the Republican Party and won election to the U.S. House that year . He was reelected in 1862 . A strong supporter of President Lincoln during his tenure in Congress , Arnold pushed emancipation in the territories and nation . He defended Lincoln against critics , including within his party .
In March 1862 , during the American Civil War , Arnold introduced a bill to abolish slavery in U.S. territories , which became law in June 1862 . In February 1864 , he introduced a resolution for a constitutional amendment to abolish slavery throughout the United States , saying :
He was the first Congressman to introduce a resolution to abolish slavery . In 1865 the Thirteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution was ratified and slavery was ended .
In 1864 Arnold faced a strong challenge from the Democrat John L. Scripps , the postmaster in Chicago , whose appointment he had opposed . By then , Scripps controlled a large field of patronage because of his position . In addition , German Americans made up 25 percent of Arnold 's constituents in 1860 , and they were unhappy with him about continued drafts of men into the Army . Arnold withdrew from the race in favor of the Republican John Wentworth , the popular former mayor . Wentworth won the seat .
Arnold accepted a presidential appointment from Lincoln as the Sixth Auditor of the Treasury Department .
In 1866 , Arnold left Washington and returned to his law practice in Chicago .
Literary career
Arnold was rapidly working on a book about Lincoln . He published The History of Abraham Lincoln and the Overthrow of Slavery in 1867 . This was considered a general history that suffered from not having sufficient research .
He did years of research on an earlier historical figure , writing a biography entitled The Life of Benedict Arnold : His Patriotism and His Treason ( 1880 ) .
Dismayed by contemporary accounts of Lincoln by William H. Herndon and Ward Hill Lamon , Arnold wrote a new biography , The Life of Lincoln ( 1884 ) , to concentrate on the years of his presidency and refute some of the personal controversial accounts . It was well received at the time , reviewed by the press in the US and Great Britain and , in the late 1940s , it was described as `` one of the best of the early biographies . '' It was reprinted in 1994 .
Arnold died April 24 , 1884 , and was buried at Graceland Cemetery in Chicago .
Works
References
Sources
Allen Johnson and Dumas Malone , eds. , Dictionary of American Biography , 20 vols . and supplements ( New York : Charles Scribner 's Sons , 1928– ) , 1:368–69 ''
External links
Isaac N. Arnold , The Life of Benedict Arnold , reprint 1905 , full text available at Google Books
1815 births
1884 deaths
People from Hartwick , New York
Illinois Democrats
Illinois Free Soilers
Members of the Illinois House of Representatives
New York ( state ) lawyers
Illinois lawyers
American biographers
American male biographers
Burials at Graceland Cemetery ( Chicago )
Politicians from Chicago
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Illinois
19th-century American politicians
Historians from New York ( state )
Historians from Illinois
19th-century American lawyers
State Route 75 ( SR 75 ) is a state highway in the U.S. state of Alabama that travels northeastward from Birmingham to the Georgia state line . The highway travels west of U.S. Route 11 ( US 11 ) and roughly parallels that highway , as well as Interstate 59 ( I-59 ) . Other cities and towns along the highway include Center Point , Pinson , Oneonta , Albertville , Geraldine , and Rainsville .
Route description
SR 75 begins at an interchange with I-59 and US 11 at the intersection of Parkway East , Roebuck Drive , and Gadsden Road in eastern Birmingham . Until the 1990s , SR 75 overlapped US 11 along 1st Avenue North into downtown Birmingham , continuing to the intersection of the two highways with US 78 .
Traveling up to SR-51 in Pinson , the route travels along Roebuck Drive - a major thoroughfare for the far northeastern suburbs of Birmingham . Turning onto SR 151 's right of way , the route continues as a four-lane divided highway into Blount ; although some short portions are undivided . Traversing its way into a mountain valley , the route passes through Allgood and Oneonta before losing two lanes ( one in each direction ) and becoming a traditional two-lane rural road .
Climbing up to the highs of Sand Mountain just outside Oneonta , the route continues onward , serving several small communities in northern Blount County and southern Marshall County , such as Snead and Douglas . It makes its way straight into downtown Albertville before once again widening into a four-lane divided highway .
Upon crossing the county line into DeKalb County , the route narrows once again to two lanes as it winds along the mountainside . In Fyffe , the route once again widens to a four-lane divided highway . About a mile from the city limits of Rainsville , the route narrows again . Continuing onward up to the state line , the route serves several crossroads communities , such as Henagar and Ider .
History
In 1999 , work was completed to widen SR 75 to four lanes into Oneonta .
Major intersections
See also
References
075
075
Transportation in Jefferson County , Alabama
Transportation in Blount County , Alabama
Transportation in Marshall County , Alabama
Transportation in DeKalb County , Alabama
The Merrion Centre in Dublin , Ireland is a shopping centre situated at the junction of Nutley Lane with Merrion Road . It serves the community of Dublin 4 . It is anchored by the Tesco supermarket and the Japanese embassy is located in the centre .
The centre was once home to one of the last remaining Quinnsworth stores owned by Peter Quinn of Nutley Lane . In the late 1990s , the centre underwent a renovation and a Tesco Ireland store was opened .
A free underground car park is provided , with about a quarter of the spaces reserved for the office workers .
The Tony Walsh pharmacy was used in the 2003 movie Intermission , but filmed to look as if it were outdoors .
External links
The Merrion Centre
Shopping centres in County Dublin
Merrion , Dublin
Buildings and structures in Dublin ( city )
The Student of Prague ( ) is a 1926 German Expressionist silent film by actor and filmmaker Henrik Galeen
Plot
In the year 1820 , Balduin is a student at a university in Prague . At a student-led outing to a country inn , Balduin encounters the figure Scapinelli who offers him money `` for very low interest . '' Balduin believes him to be a loan shark and ignores him to go engage in a fencing match with another student .
After the match , the viewer sees Scapinelli on a cliffside , watching a young woman ( later revealed to be Margit , the daughter of a count ) on horseback who is participating in a boar-hunt . He manipulates the situation such that the animals run amok and head towards the inn . Margit 's horse runs away with her and Balduin catches her when she falls off . As a reward , she gives Balduin a crucifix which has fallen from her neck and later he receives an invitation to the house of her father , Count Schwarzenberg . There he becomes aware of his own poverty in comparison to Margit 's fiancé , who is a baron .
Later that night , Scapinelli again comes for Balduin and makes an offer . Balduin signs a contract stipulating that Scapinelli can have anything in the room he wants in return for 600,000 florins . Balduin signs and Scapinelli takes out a small bag and proceeds to pour the entirety of the 600,000 onto the table . Scapinelli then takes his part : Balduin 's reflection .
The scene then shifts to show the new lifestyle that Balduin is leading with his newfound fortune . His happiness does not last long , because his reflection , free of the mirror , runs amok , causing havoc around town , which is blamed on Balduin . Balduin , in his final confrontation , shoots his reflection . This results in his own death . The movie closes as it opens : with a shot of Balduin 's grave , upon which is inscribed `` Here lies Balduin . He fought the devil and lost '' .
Cast
Conrad Veidt as Balduin , The Student
Werner Krauss as Scapinelli
Elizza La Porta as Lyduschka , a flowergirl
Agnes Esterhazy as Margit von Schwarzenberg
Fritz Alberti as Count of Schwarzenberg , Margit 's Vater
Ferdinand von Alten as Baron of Waldis , Margit 's fiancé
Erich Kober as Student
Max Maximilian as Student
Sylvia Torf
Marian Alma
Horst Wessel extra in some scenes
Production
It is considered as Galeen 's most important film since The Golem ( 1915 ) and is regarded as his magnum opus .
The film 's screenplay was written by Galeen and Hanns Heinz Ewers and was influenced by the story of Faust . The film had previously been made as The Student of Prague .
It was shot at the Staaken Studios in Berlin . Among the crew was designer Hermann Warm ; cinematographer Günther Krampf ; and the actors Werner Krauss , Conrad Veidt , Dagny Servaes , Leni Riefenstahl and Elizza La Porta . Der Student von Prag made La Porta a well-known actress . The film featured impressive special effects for its time , especially the finale in which the lead character is forced to confront his other half , with seamlessly executed split screen technology .
Release
The Student of Prague was shown in Berlin on 25 October 1926 . The film was remade as a sound film in 1935 , directed by Arthur Robinson .
Reception
From retrospective reviews , Troy Howarth wrote in his book Tome of Terror that the film was a `` marked improvement '' over the 1913 version of the film which was `` creaky and antiquated by comparison ''
References
External links
1926 films
1926 horror films
1920s historical horror films
1920s fantasy films
German horror films
German historical fantasy films
German black-and-white films
Films of the Weimar Republic
German silent feature films
Films directed by Henrik Galeen
German Expressionist films
Films based on works by Hanns Heinz Ewers
Films based on works by Alfred de Musset
Films based on works by Edgar Allan Poe
Films set in Prague
Films set in 1820
Remakes of German films
Films shot at Staaken Studios
Silent horror films
Category 2 is the second lowest classification on the Australian tropical cyclone intensity scale used to classify tropical cyclones , that have 10-minute sustained winds of . tropical cyclones have peaked as Category 1 tropical cyclones in the South Pacific tropical cyclone basin , which is denoted as the waters surrounding Australia to the south of the equator , between 90°E and 160°E . The earliest tropical cyclone to be classified as a Category 2 tropical cyclone was Carmen . The latest was Harold which was classified as a Category 2 tropical cyclone as it moved through the Solomon Sea .
Background
The Australian region tropical cyclone basin is located to the south of the Equator between 90°E and 160°E . The basin is officially monitored by the Australian Bureau of Meteorology , Papua New Guinea 's National Weather Service as well as Indonesia 's Badan Meteorologi Klimatologi dan Geofisika . Other meteorological services such as the Fiji Meteorological Service , the New Zealand MetService , Météo-France as well as the United States Joint Typhoon Warning Center also monitor the basin . Within the basin a Category 1 tropical cyclone is a tropical cyclone that has 10-minute mean maximum sustained wind speeds of on the Australian tropical cyclone intensity scale . A named storm could also be classified as a Category 1 tropical cyclone if it is estimated , to have 1-minute mean maximum sustained wind speeds of between on the Saffir–Simpson hurricane wind scale . However , this scale is not officially used in the Australian , however , various agencies including NASA also use it to compare tropical cyclones . A Category 1 tropical cyclone is expected to cause some damage , if it significantly impacts land at or near its peak intensity .
Systems
|-
| Audrey || || || || Northern Territory , Queensland || Extensive || None ||
|-
| Dawn || 15–16 February 1970 || || || New Caledonia || || ||
|-
| Gertie || 13–15 February 1971 || || || Queensland || || ||
|-
| Ida || 17–18 February 1971 || || || New Caledonia || || ||
|-
| Lena || 14–18 March 1971 || || || New Caledonia || || ||
|-
| Carlotta
|-
| Wendy
|-
| Belinda
|-
| Ida || 30 May – 1 June 1972 || || || Solomon Islands , New Caledonia || || ||
|-
| Leila–Gertrude
|-
| Annie
|-
| Una
|-
| Erica
|-
| Fiona–Gwenda
|-
| Vera
|-
| Wanda || || || || Queensland , New South Wales || || ||
|-
| Yvonne || || || || || || ||
|-
| Jenny ( 1974 )
|-
| Marcia ( 1974 )
|-
| Norah ( 1974 )
|-
| Penny ( 1974 )
|-
| Gloria ( 1975 )
|-
| Robyn-Deborah || || || || Madagascar || || ||
|-
| Shirley ( 1975 )
|-
| Wilma ( 1975 )
|-
| Vida ( 1975 )
|-
| Clara ( 1975 )
|-
| Alice ( 1976 )
|-
| Dawn ( 1976 )
|-
| Harry ( 1976 )
|-
| Tom ( 1977 )
|-
| Sam–Celimene ( 1977 )
|-
| Gwen ( 1978 )
|-
| Brenda ( 1978 )
|-
| Hal ( 1978 )
|-
| Greta ( 1979 )
|-
| Ivan ( 1979 )
|-
| Jane ( 1979 )
|-
| Kevin || || || || None || None || None ||
|-
| Tony ( 1979 )
|-
| Clara ( 1980 )
|-
| Ruth ( 1980 )
|-
| 27P ( 1980 )
|-
| Dan ( 1980 )
|-
| Eddie ( 1981 )
|-
| Cliff ( 1981 )
|-
| Bruno ( 1982 )
|-
| Daphne–Fifi ( 1982 )
|-
| Errol ( 1982 )
|-
| Graham ( 1982 )
|-
| Harriet ( 1982 )
|-
| Esther ( 1983 )
|-
| Sharon ( 1983 )
|-
| Tim ( 1984 )
|-
| Harvey ( 1984 )
|-
| Ferdinand ( 1984 )
|-
| Lance || || || || Queensland || N/A || ||
|-
| Monica ( 1984 )
|-
| Nigel ( 1985 )
|-
| Gertie ( 1985 )
|-
| Pierre ( 1985 )
|-
| Tanya ( 1985 )
|-
| Gretel ( 1985 )
|-
| Pancho ( 1986 )
|-
| Selwyn ( 1986 )
|-
| Tiffany ( 1986 )
|-
| Alison–Krisostoma ( 1986 )
|-
| Irma ( 1987 )
|-
| Damien ( 1987 )
|-
| Jason || || || || Northern Territory || N/A || ||
|-
| Kay ( 1987 )
|-
| Agi || || || || Papua New Guinea , New Caledonia || N/A || ||
|-
| Barisaona ( 1988 )
|-
| Charlie || || || || Queensland || || ||
|-
| Delilah || || || || New Caledonia , New Zealand || N/A || ||
|-
| Meena ( 1989 )
|-
| Pedro ( 1989 )
| }
1990 's
|-
| Tina || || || || Western Australia || || ||
|-
| Nancy || || || || Queensland , New South Wales , New Zealand || || ||
|-
| Walter –Gregoara || || || || None || || ||
|-
| Hilda || || || || New Caledonia || || ||
|-
| Chris || || || || Western Australia || || ||
|-
| Daphne || || || || Northern Australia || || ||
|-
| Kelvin || || || || Queensland || || ||
|-
| Elma || || || || Queensland || || ||
|-
| Fifi || || || || Western Australia || || ||
|-
| Lisa || || || || Papua New Guinea , Solomon Islands , Vanuatu || || ||
|-
| Mark || || || || Queensland , Northern Territory || || ||
|-
| Lena || || || || None || || ||
|-
| Roger || || || || Solomon Islands , New Caledonia || || ||
|-
| Monty || || || || None || || ||
|-
| Willy || || || || Cocos Islands || || ||
|-
| Ethel || || || || Queensland , Northern Territory || || ||
|-
| Jenna || || || || None || || ||
|-
| Ophelia || || || || None || || ||
|-
| Fergus || || || || Solomon Islands , Vanuatu , New Caledonia , New Zealand || || ||
|-
| Phil || || || || Northern Australia , Western Australia || || ||
|-
| 18S || || || || None || || ||
|-
| Harold || || || || New Caledonia || || ||
|-
| Nute || || || || None || || ||
|-
| Les || || || || Northern Australia || || ||
|-
| Nathan || || || || Queensland || || ||
|-
| Cathy || || || || None || || ||
|-
| Pete || || || || New Caledonia || || ||
|-
| Hamish || || || || None || || ||
|-
| Ilsa || || || || Christmas Island , Western Australia || || ||
|-
| Steve || || || || Northern Australia , Western Australia || || ||
|-
| Olga || || || || None || || ||
|-
| Hudah || || || || Madagascar , Mozambique || || ||
|-
| Vaughan || || || || Queensland || || ||
|-
| Terri || || || || Western Australia || || ||
|-
| Vincent || || || || Western Australia || || ||
|-
| Alistair || || || || Northern Territory , Western Australia || || ||
|-
| Alex – Andre || || || || None || || ||
|-
| Bessi – Bako || || || || None || || ||
|-
| Bernie || || || || Northern Territory || || ||
|-
| Des || || || || Eastern Australia , New Caledonia || || ||
|-
| Bonnie || || || || Timor , Indonesia || || ||
|-
| Unnamed || || || || Northern Territory , Western Australia || || ||
|-
| Craig || || || || Queensland , Northern Territory || || ||
|-
| Linda || || || || None || || ||
|-
| Fritz || || || || Northern Australia || || ||
|-
| Nicky - Helma || || || || None || || ||
|-
| Grace || || || || None || || ||
|-
| Sally || || || || None || || ||
|-
| Daryl || || || || Western Australia || || ||
|-
| Kate || || || || Torres Strait || || ||
|-
| Hubert || || || || Western Australia || || ||
|-
| Nelson || || || || Northern Territory , Queensland || || ||
|-
| Lee - Ariel || || || || None || || ||
|-
| Melanie || || || || Western Australia || || ||
|-
| Helen || || || || Northern Australia || || ||
|-
| Ophelia || || || || Northern Territory , Western Australia || || ||
|-
| Rosie || || || || Christmas Island || || ||
|-
| Durga || || || || None || || ||
|-
| Anika || || || || None || || ||
|-
| Dominic || || || || Western Australia || || ||
|-
| Jasper || || || || New Caledonia || || ||
|-
| Olga || || || || Solomon Islands , Queensland , Northern Territory || || ||
|-
| Robyn || || || || None || || ||
|-
| Sean || || || || None || || ||
|-
| Abele || || || || None || || ||
|-
| Anthony || || || || Queensland || || ||
|-
| Grant || || || || Northern Territory , Queensland || || ||
|-
| Iggy || || || || Western Australia || || ||
|-
| Jasmine || || || || Queensland , New Caledonia , Vanuatu , Tonga || || ||
|-
| Koji–Joni || || || || None || || ||
|-
| Tim || || || || Cape York Penisular || || ||
|-
| Dylan || || || || Queensland || || ||
|-
| 09U || || || || Northern Territory , Western Australia || || ||
|-
| Bakung || || || || None || || ||
|-
| Stan || || || || Western Australia & Southern Australia || || ||
|-
| Uriah || || || || Cocos Islands || || ||
|-
| Tatiana || || || || Queensland || || ||
|-
| Alfred || || || || Queensland , Northern Territory || || ||
|-
| Blanche || || || || Western Australia , Northern Territory || || ||
|-
| 22U || || || || Western Australia || || ||
|-
| Dahlia || || || || Indonesia , Christmas Island || || ||
|-
| Hilda || || || || Western Australia || || ||
|-
| Iris || || || || Solomon Islands , Queensland || || ||
|-
| Penny || || || || Queensland || || ||
|-
| Oma || || || || Cape York || || ||
|-
| Wallace || || || || None || || ||
|-
| Ann || || || || Solomon Islands , Northern Australia , Indonesia , East Timor || || ||
|-
| Imogen || || || || Northern Territory , Queensland || || ||
|-
| Lucas || || || || Queensland , Solomon Islands , Vanuatu , New Caledonia || || ||
|-
| Ruby || || || || New Caledonia || || ||
|-
| Seth || || || || Northern Territory , Eastern Australia || || ||
|-
| Tiffany || || || || Northern Australia || || ||
|-
| Anika || || || || Western Australia || || ||
|-
| Karim || || || || None || || ||
|-
| Billy || || || || None || || ||
| }
Other systems
RSMC La Reunion classifies Tropical Cyclone Melanie-Bellamine as a severe tropical storm while in the Australian region with 10-minute sustained windspeeds of .
Climatology
Notes
See also
List of Category 2 Atlantic hurricanes
List of Category 2 Pacific hurricanes
References
External links
Australian
Kentucky gained four seats after the 1810 Census .
Kentucky elected its members August 3 , 1812 .
See also
Kentucky 's 8th congressional district special election , 1813
United States House of Representatives elections , 1812 and 1813
List of United States representatives from Kentucky
Notes
1812
Kentucky
United States House of Representatives
Yanfu Temple or Yanfu Chan Temple ( ) is a Buddhist temple located in Wuyi County , Zhejiang , China . The Mahavira Hall is the earliest Yuan dynasty ( 1271–1368 ) architecture and one of the three Yuan dynasty wooden architecture in Jiangnan .
History
The temple was originally built in 937 in the Later Jin dynasty ( 936–947 ) with the name of `` Futian Temple '' ( ) and was renamed `` Yanfu Temple '' ( ) by Emperor Guangzong in the Southern Song dynasty ( 1127–1279 ) .
During the Republic of China , Liang Sicheng and Lin Huiyin investigated the temple and made a detailed record of the Mahavira Hall .
After the establishment of the Communist State , the temple was used as a pigsty .
Yanfu Temple was added to Zhejiang Provincial Cultural Heritage List in 1960 . In November 1996 , it was listed among the fourth group of `` Major National Historical and Cultural Sites in Zhejiang '' by the State Council of China .
A modern restoration of the entire temple complex was carried out at the end of 2014 and was completed in December 2016 .
Architecture
Along the central axis of the temple stand four buildings including the Shanmen , Hall of Four Heavenly Kings , Mahavira Hall and Hall of Guanyin . Subsidiary structures were built on both sides of the central axis including the Bell tower , Drum tower , and Free Life Pond .
Mahavira Hall
The Mahavira Hall was rebuilt in 1317 , under the Yuan dynasty ( 1271–1368 ) , it is the earliest Yuan dynasty architecture in Jiangnan . It is rectangular in shape and five rooms wide and has double-eaves gable and hip roofs . Inner walls are painted with paintings and calligraphies of the Ming dynasty ( 1368–1644 ) .
Gallery
References
Bibliography
Buddhist temples in Jinhua
Buildings and structures in Jinhua
Tourist attractions in Jinhua
10th-century establishments in China
10th-century Buddhist temples
Major National Historical and Cultural Sites in Zhejiang
Gustav Kampendonk ( 30 May 1909 – 29 June 1966 ) was a German screenwriter . He wrote for 90 films between 1939 and 1966 . He was born in Hoengen , Germany and died in Berlin , Germany .
Selected filmography
Three Fathers for Anna ( 1939 )
The Wedding Hotel ( 1944 )
Morituri ( 1948 )
Only One Night ( 1950 )
The Girl from the South Seas ( 1950 )
The Woman from Last Night ( 1950 )
Die Tödlichen Träume ( 1951 )
You Have to be Beautiful ( 1951 )
The Thief of Bagdad ( 1952 )
I Lost My Heart in Heidelberg ( 1952 )
Lady 's Choice ( 1953 )
On the Reeperbahn at Half Past Midnight ( 1954 )
The Three from the Filling Station ( 1955 )
The Happy Village ( 1955 )
Love Is Just a Fairytale ( 1955 )
Yes , Yes , Love in Tyrol ( 1955 )
The Stolen Trousers ( 1956 )
The Daring Swimmer ( 1957 )
Peter Voss , Thief of Millions ( 1958 )
It Happened Only Once ( 1958 )
Peter Shoots Down the Bird ( 1959 )
Triplets on Board ( 1959 )
Freddy , the Guitar and the Sea ( 1959 )
Peter Voss , Hero of the Day ( 1959 )
La Paloma ( 1959 )
Of Course , the Motorists ( 1959 )
Freddy and the Melody of the Night ( 1960 )
The Avenger ( 1960 )
Ramona ( 1961 )
Robert and Bretram ( 1961 )
I Must Go to the City ( 1962 )
The Strangler of Blackmoor Castle ( 1963 )
Freddy in the Wild West ( 1964 )
Golden Goddess of Rio Beni ( 1964 )
The Heath Is Green ( 1972 )
References
External links
1909 births
1966 deaths
German male screenwriters
German male writers
People from Aachen ( district )
Film people from North Rhine-Westphalia
20th-century German screenwriters
Soğulcak , Kazan is a village in the District of Kazan , Ankara Province , Turkey .
References
Villages in Kahramankazan District
Jernej Šugman ( 23 December 1968 – 10 December 2017 ) was a prominent Slovenian theater , television and film actor .
Biography
Šugman was born in Ljubljana , the son of actors Zlatko and Maja Šugman . Between 1988 and 1992 , he studied acting at the Academy of Theatre , Radio , Film and Television in Ljubljana .
He graduated with the role of Astrov in Anton Chekhov 's Uncle Vanya , for which he received the Sever 's award and Prešeren 's student award . In 1992 , he joined the Ljubljana Slovene National Theatre Drama where he would remain for the rest of his career .
In theater , Šugman played 80 roles , the vast majority of those were in drama . Some of his most prominent roles include the titular roles in Shakespeare 's King Lear , Othello , Titus Andronicus , Julius Caesar , and Hamlet ( Šugman first played the role of Hamlet and later , after 20 years , the role of King Claudius ) .
Šugman played in two important dramas of Ivan Cankar , the role of Kantor in The King of Betajnova ( Kralj na Betajnovi ) and the role of the Priest in The Serfs ( Hlapci ) . Other prominent roles include Molière 's Orgon in Tartuffe and Alceste in The Misanthrope , Sophocles ' Oedipus , Bertolt Brecht 's Baal , and Agamemnon in the stage interpretation of Iliad . His last stage role was in the adaptation of Alfred Jarry 's play Ubu Roi .
In addition to his stage work , Šugman frequently appeared in television shows and films . One of his most prominent characters was Veso , a receptionist at a theater in the comedy show Teater Paradižnik , directed by Branko Đurić , which aired on RTV Slovenija from 1994-97 . Šugman later reprised this role in another of Đurić 's comedy series Naša mala klinika ( Our Little Clinic ) which aired on POP TV from 2004 to 2007 . Some of his other television appearances include roles in Vrtičkarji ( 2000–03 ) and Več po oglasih ( 2016 ) .
Some of Šugman 's most prominent film appearances include roles in Andrej Košak 's Headnoise ( Zvenenje v glavi , 2002 ) and Janez Lapajne 's Short Circuits ( Kratki stiki , 2006 ) , both of which were submitted for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film , and Metod Pevec 's Lahko noč , gospodična ( 2011 ) . Šugman was also active as a voice actor , one of his roles was providing the Slovenian voice-over for Daddy Pig in the animated television series Peppa Pig .
For his stage work , Šugman received three Borštnik 's awards and the Prešeren Fund Award in 1997 . For his role in Ubu Roi , he received the golden laurel wreath at the MESS theater festival in Sarajevo . He received several Sever 's awards and awards by the magazine Stop for the actor of the year .
He had two children .
Death
Šugman died of a heart attack , at the age of 48 , in Zelenica , Slovenia during a ski trip . He was buried on 15 December at Žale Cemetery in Ljubljana , with military honors .
References
External links
Slovenian male actors
1968 births
2017 deaths
University of Ljubljana alumni
Actors from Ljubljana
Chillingham is a village in Northumberland , England . It is situated approximately to the east of Wooler , south of Chatton . At the 2011 Census the population remained less than 100 . Detailed information is included in the parish of Bewick .
Chillingham is famous for its castle , which is said to be haunted , and the Chillingham Cattle , a wild herd of roughly 90 individuals which has been kept in an enclosure since the Middle Ages and strictly inbreeding for at least 300 years . The village contains Hebborn bastle house , a fortified house near Hepburn Wood .
HMS Chillingham , a Ham class minesweeper , was named after the village .
Notable people
George Thorp , a Royal Navy officer whose short but heroic career ended in his death aged 19 in the assault on Santa Cruz , Tenerife led by Nelson on 25 July 1797 , was born in Chillingham on 9 September 1777 . He was baptised on 7 October 1777 in the parish church , where his father Robert Thorp MA , DD ( later Archdeacon of Northumberland ) was rector as had earlier been his grandfather Thomas Thorp .
The Irish composer Charles Villiers Stanford wrote a song titled `` Chillingham '' , serenading the beauty and peace of the landscape .
John Sandford ( 1832–1892 ) , cricketer and judicial commissioner of Burma and Mysore .
See also
Bewick and Beanley Moors SSSI .
References
External links
GENUKI ( Accessed : 1 November 2008 )
Northumberland Communities ( Accessed : 1 November 2008 )
Villages in Northumberland
Bokey Orda ( , ) is a district of West Kazakhstan Region in western Kazakhstan . The administrative center of the district is the selo of Saykyn . Population :
Geography
Lake Aralsor is located in the district .
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
West Kazakhstan Region
General Soesilo Soedarman ( EYD : Susilo Sudarman ) ( 10 November 1928 – 18 December 1997 ) was the Coordinating Minister for Political , Legal and Security Affairs at the Fourth Development Cabinet ( 1993–1998 ) and the Minister of Tourism , Post and Telecommunications at the Fifth Development Cabinet ( 1988–1993 ) . Serving as the Indonesian Ambassador to the United States , in Washington , D.C from 18 February 1986 to 11 April 1988 and Member of the People 's Consultative Assembly representing Golongan Karya for the Constituency of North Sumatra until his death .
Profile
Early life
Soesilo was born the second of eleven children on 10 November 1928 in Maos , Cilacap with the name Soemarlan . When he was weaned , he was then cared for by his grandfather who changed his name to Soesilo . Soesilo 's grandfather was a wealthy landlord , at the time of his birth , he received several gifts from his grandfather in the form of land of around 100 bau ( 70 hectares ) and a sum of 10 thousand gulden . The prize was intended so that Soesilo would be able to go to medical school to become a doctor because Soesilo 's grandfather had a personal doctor named Doctor Katung , and wanted his grandson to become a doctor . However , during the Japanese occupation , his grandfather was subject to land reform regulations , and eventually fell into poverty .
Name
Since his childhood , his name was only the mononym Soesilo . When Soesilo became an ambassador in United States someone asked for Soesilo 's surname , Soesilo replied that he did n't have one , but the questioner said that he should have surname and Soesilo then gave the name Soedarman which was the name of his father ( Soedarman Wiryosoedarmo ) . On the next occasion , Soesilo was then called by the name Mr. Soedarman .
Military career
After graduating from High School in Yogyakarta , he then continued his education an Military Academy ( MA ) , deviating from his grandfather 's wish on becoming a doctor . At the Military Academy ( MA ) he was a classmate with Subroto ( future Minister of Mines and Energy ) and Sayidiman Suryohadiprojo ( future Indonesian Ambassador to Japan ) . Graduating from the academy , as one of its top graduates , he was obliged to become an instructor . He was tasked in student mobilization during the Indonesian Revolution , and with training students at the Middle and High school levels when Dutch troops reached Gombong , Kebumen . He served as Commander of the Regional Military Command ( Pangkowilhan ) of Sumatra and West Kalimantan from 1980 to 1985 .
Personal life
He was married to Widaningsri Putri daughter of Major General Muhammad Mangundiprojo and the younger brother of Lieutenant General Himawan Soetanto , they knew each other since he was a cadet of the Military Academy . The wedding took place in Ponorogo , 15 April 1951 . They had 5 children , 1 daughter and 4 sons .
Soesilo Soedarman died on December 18 , 1997 , at the age of 69 years at Harapan Kita Hospital , Jakarta . Soesilo Soedarman 's body was buried at the Kalibata Heroes Cemetery .
References
1928 births
1997 deaths
20th-century Indonesian politicians
Brian Heenan ( born 4 August 1937 ) is a retired Australian Roman Catholic bishop .
Ordained to the priesthood on 29 June 1962 , Heenan was named bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Rockhampton , Australia in 1991 and retired on 1 October 2013 .
References
1937 births
Living people
People from Queensland
Roman Catholic bishops of Rockhampton
Burning River Roller Derby is a women 's flat-track roller derby league based in Cleveland , Ohio . Founded in 2006 , Burning River is a member of the Women 's Flat Track Derby Association ( WFTDA ) .
History and organization
Burning River Roller Derby was started as Burning River Roller Girls in 2006 , and joined the Women 's Flat Track Derby Association ( WFTDA ) in December 2007 .
Burning River Roller Derby has three travel teams that play against other teams from other leagues . The team , `` Burning River All-Stars '' , plays WFTDA-sanctioned games . The B team , `` Burning River Hazmat Crew '' , plays competitive regional games , and the C team , `` Burning River Pyromaniacs '' , plays very close , regional games . The league also has four home teams who play each other in league play , the Cleveland Steamers , the Hard Knockers , the HellBombers , and the Rolling Pin-Ups .
In early 2015 , Burning River announced the change of the league name from Burning River Roller Girls to Burning River Roller Derby , to place less emphasis on gender and better reflect its members . In August 2015 , Burning River hosted a WFTDA Division 2 playoff tournament .
WFTDA competition
In 2009 Burning River was the ninth seed at the WFTDA North Central Regional Tournament and finished in eighth place after an overtime loss to Brewcity Bruisers , 126-116 . In 2013 , the WFTDA changed their playoff structure , and Burning River qualified for the WFTDA Division 2 International Playoff tournament in Kalamazoo , Michigan as the ninth seed , ultimately finishing in eighth place .
Rankings
References
External links
Official Website
Roller derby leagues in Ohio
Women 's sports in the United States
Sports in Cleveland
Roller derby leagues established in 2006
2006 establishments in Ohio
Women in Ohio
Harriet Claire Wadeson Ph.D. , LCSW , ATR-BC , HLM ( January 9 , 1931 – January 26 , 2016 ) was a pioneer in the art therapy profession , as well as an accomplished author , researcher , and educator , who established and directed the Art Therapy Graduate Program at the University of Illinois at Chicago and the Art Therapy Certificate Program at Northwestern University where she taught up to her passing . She was the author of 8 books on art therapy and over 70 articles in professional journals . She was an international guest lecturer , and educator who has presented papers , led professional delegations , and conducted workshops in 14 countries throughout Europe and Asia .
Wadeson was an Honorary Life Member ( HLM ) of the American Art Therapy Association , the profession 's highest honor , and won numerous awards , including a first prize for art from the Smithsonian Institution , a Distinguished Faculty award from Northwestern University , a first prize for research from the American Art Therapy Association , the Benjamin Rush Bronze Medal Award from the American Psychiatric Association , and a Resolution of Commendation from the Illinois State Legislature . In addition to holding many offices on the American Art Therapy Association Executive Board , she has been Associate Editor of Art Therapy , Journal of the American Art Therapy Association .
Education , training , and career
Wadeson graduated from Cornell University , where she studied psychology . She began taking courses at the Washington School of Psychiatry , American University and Catholic University when she met Hanna Kwiatkowska who opened her eyes to a world of art therapy . Kwiatkowska originated family art therapy and offered to train Wadeson at the National Institute of Mental Health ( NIMH ) . At this time , there were no master 's degree programs in art therapy . Wadeson began working at NIMH in 1961 by conducting art therapy with adolescent groups . Her first publication was about this experience . For eight years , Wadeson worked with patients with affective disorders , including mania , psychotic depression , and suicide risk . During this time , Wadeson was the only female and non-MD on the project 's research team . She won the Benjamin Rush Award for Scientific Exhibits from the American Psychiatric Association for her exhibit , “ Portraits of Suicide. ” Subsequently , she worked with people who suffered from schizophrenia and received no medication . After spending thirteen years at NIMH , Wadeson had published twenty-nine articles , primarily in psychiatric journals .
Wadeson began working on her master 's degree in psychology and art therapy from Goddard College . She then pursued her Masters of Social Work ( MSW ) at Catholic University . She was able to graduate in one year from Catholic University due to her vast amount of publications . While at NIMH , she taught art therapy at the National Institutes of Health ( NIH ) Foundation for Advanced Education in the Sciences and at Montgomery Community College .
Wadeson left NIMH , expanded her private practice , and began work on her Ph.D. at Union Institute . Her dissertation , `` Art Psychotherapy , '' was one of the first books in the field , and has currently sold 24,000 copies .
In 1978 , Wadeson began teaching at the University of Houston , where she became director of its Art Therapy Graduate Program . In 1980 , she was recruited by the University of Illinois at Chicago ( UIC ) . where she directed the Art Therapy Graduate Program for 23 years . One of Wadeson 's biggest contributions at the University of Illinois at Chicago was the “ Annual Summer Institute ” , which was held at Lake Geneva , Wisconsin . This program continued for 20 years . Wadeson developed and currently directs the art therapy program at Northwestern University .
American Art Therapy Association
Wadeson held various positions in the American Art Therapy Association ( AATA ) , including publications chair , newsletter editor , research chair , honors chair , ethics chair , and status of women chair , among others , and has been the associate editor of the Art Therapy Journal of the American Art Therapy Association . Wadeson was awarded the art therapy profession 's highest honor in 1992 , honorary life membership ( HLM ) from the American Art Therapy Association .
Approach
Wadeson was known for her eclectic approach to art therapy . She believed it is important for art therapists to have a comprehensive knowledge of various human development and sociological theories to be most effective in working in diverse settings . She stated that an eclectic approach allows the therapist to be open to possibilities and to use methods that best suit individual clients , groups , and communities . Although she was eclectic , she also described herself as humanistic , existential , and phenomenological . Nevertheless , she believed it is important for art therapists to develop their own approach based on their life experience .
Presentations
In 2012 Wadeson presented on her book `` Journaling Cancer in Words and images '' at Emporia State University 's Art Therapy Discovery Day .
Publications
Wadeson was giving presentations , workshops , and book signings throughout the US and in Europe , up to her recent passing , in connection with her most recent book , `` Journaling Cancer in Words and Images , Caught in the Clutch of the Crab , '' and its emphasis on the use of creative self-expression in facing the challenge of living with cancer In addition to 8 books , she has published 70 papers in refereed journals and numerous chapters in psychology and art therapy texts . Her books include the following :
Art Psychotherapy ( John Wiley & sons , 1980 )
Advances in Art Therapy ( John Wiley & sons , 1989 )
The Dynamics of Art Therapy ( John Wiley & sons , 1987 )
Art Therapy Practice ( John Wiley & sons , 2000 )
Art Therapy Research ( American Art Therapy Assn. , 1992 )
Architects of Art Therapy ( Charles C. Thomas , 2006 )
Art Psychotherapy , 2nd Edition ( John Wiley & Sons , 2010 )
Journaling Cancer in Words and Images , Caught in the Clutch of the Crab ( Charles C. Thomas , 2011 )
References
American psychotherapists
University of Illinois Chicago faculty
Art therapists
1931 births
2016 deaths
Avshalom Cyrus Elitzur ( ; born 30 May 1957 ) is an Israeli physicist and philosopher .
Biography
Avshalom Elitzur was born in Kerman , Iran , to a Jewish family . When he was two years old , his family immigrated to Israel and settled in Rehovot . He left school at the age of sixteen and began working as a laboratory technician at the Weizmann Institute of Science in Rehovot . Elitzur received no formal university training before obtaining his PhD .
Elitzur was a senior lecturer at the Unit for Interdisciplinary Studies , Bar-Ilan University , Ramat-Gan , Israel . He is noted for the Elitzur–Vaidman bomb-testing problem in quantum mechanics , which was publicised by Roger Penrose in his book Shadows of the Mind .
In 1987 , he published his book : Into the Holy of Holies : Psychoanalytic Insights into the Bible and Judaism . During that same year , he was invited to present an unpublished manuscript on quantum mechanics at an international conference in Temple University in Philadelphia . Consequently , he was later invited by Yakir Aharonov of Tel Aviv University , the doyen of physicists in Israel , to write a doctoral thesis on the subject . He was the chief editor of natural sciences in Encyclopaedia Hebraica . In 2008 , he was a visiting professor at Joseph Fourier University .
Elitzur is the founder of the Iyar , The Israeli Institute for Advanced Research .
Elitzur had a relationship with journalist Timura Lessinger , with whom he has a daughter .
Awards
In 2010 , Elitzur won the Noetic Medal of Consciousness and Brain Research for his contributions to cosmology of mind and Quantum Theory .
Published works
Author
לפני ולפנים - עיונים פסיכואנליטיים במקרא וביהדות , תל אביב , `` ירום '' -אליצור , 1987
זמן ותודעה - תהיות חדשות על חידות עתיקות , אוניברסיטה משודרת , 1994 ,
Editor
'Endophysics , Time , Quantum and the Subjective ' , edited by Rosolino Buccheri , Avshalom C Elitzur and Metod Saniga ; Germany , Bielefeld , 2005
'Quo Vadis Quantum Mechanics ? ' ( The Frontiers Collection ) , by A. Elitzur ( Editor ) , S. Dolev ( Editor ) , N. Kolenda ( Editor ) ; New York : Springer , 2005
'Mind and its Place in the World : Phenomenology & Minds ' , Vol . 7 ( Phenomenology & Mind ) by Alexander Batthyany ( Editor ) , Avshalom Elitzur ( Editor ) , Ontos Verlag , 2006
'Irreducibly Conscious : Selected Papers on Consciousness ' , Herausgegeben von Batthyany , Alexander / Elitzur , Avshalom ( Editors ) , Universitätsverlag Winter GmbH Heidelberg , 2009
References
External links
Elitzur website
1957 births
Living people
Bar-Ilan University faculty
Israeli philosophers
Israeli physicists
Israeli Mizrahi Jews
Iranian Jews
Iranian emigrants to Israel
Jewish physicists
Quantum physicists
Jewish philosophers
Phenomenologists
Bashlykent ( ; , Başlı ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) in Kayakentsky District , Republic of Dagestan , Russia . The population was 3,230 as of 2010 . There are 23 streets .
Geography
Bashlykent is located 29 km southwest of Novokayakent ( the district 's administrative centre ) by road . Dzhavankent and Kapkaykent are the nearest rural localities .
Nationalities
Kumyks live there .
Famous residents
Sakinat Gadzhiyeva ( scientist-ethnographer , Doctor of Historical Sciences , Professor , Honored Scientist of the Russian Federation and the Republic of Dagestan )
Balash Balashov ( State Duma deputy )
References
Rural localities in Kayakentsky District
{ { automatic taxobox
| image = Rufous-throated Tanager ( Tangara rufigula ) .jpg
| image_caption = Rufous-throated tanager ( Ixothraupis rufigula )
| taxon = Ixothraupis
| authority = Bonaparte , 1851
| type_species = Tanagra punctata
| type_species_authority = Linnaeus , 1766
| subdivision_ranks = Species
| subdivision = See text
} } Ixothraupis is a genus of Neotropical birds in the tanager family Thraupidae .
Taxonomy and species list
These species were formerly placed in the genus Tangara . A molecular phylogenetic study published in 2014 found that Tangara was polyphyletic . In the rearrangement to create monophyletic genera , the genus Ixothraupis was resurrected . It had been introduced by the French naturalist Charles Lucien Bonaparte in 1851 with the spotted tanager as the type species . The name combines the Ancient Greek ixos meaning `` mistletoe '' with `` thraupis '' , an unknown small bird .
The genus contains five species :
Dotted tanager , Ixothraupis varia Rufous-throated tanager , Ixothraupis rufigula Spotted tanager , Ixothraupis punctata Speckled tanager , Ixothraupis guttata Yellow-bellied tanager , Ixothraupis xanthogastra ''
References
Bird genera
Taxa named by Charles Lucien Bonaparte
Jogentagana ( Latin : Jogentagania ) was a small landlocked ancient Estonian county in the eastern part of the territory of Estonia . It was conquered by the Teutonic Order in the Estonian Crusade and became part of the Livonian Order .
Settlements
Igeteveri
Kavastu
Kärkna
Maarja-Magdaleena
Äksi
See also
Livonian Crusade
References
External links
Kuidas elasid inimesed vanasti , möödunud sajandil ja praegu ( Estonian )
9 . - 13. saj.pärinevad Eesti aardeleiud ( Estonian )
Eesti haldusjaotus ja võõrvõimude vaheldumine läbi aegade ( Estonian )
Ancient counties of Estonia
The 2006 DFL-Ligapokal was the tenth edition of the DFL-Ligapokal . Werder Bremen won their first title , beating Bayern Munich 2–0 in the final .
Participating clubs
A total of six teams qualified for the competition . The labels in the parentheses show how each team qualified for the place of its starting round :
1st , 2nd , 3rd , 4th , etc . : League position
CW : Cup winners
TH : titleholders
Matches
Preliminary round
Semi-finals
Final
References
DFL-Ligapokal seasons
Ligapokal
Kate Hodge is an American actress and film producer .
Life and career
Hodge was born in Berkeley , California ,
Her first starring role was as Michelle , the heroine of the 1990 horror film Leatherface : The Texas Chainsaw Massacre III . She then portrayed tormented college student Randi Wallace in the syndicated horror series She-Wolf of London ( 1990–1991 ) , which was later retitled Love and Curses . At the end of one early episode , when Randi and Professor Matheson ( Neil Dickson ) are pulling away in a car , she asks him if they can stop to rent Leatherface : Texas Chainsaw Massacre III , an in-joke and reference to Hodge 's earlier movie role .
From 2000–2001 , Hodge played FBI Agent Annie Price on Level 9 . She has also been in the films Rapid Fire ( 1992 ) opposite Brandon Lee , Desire ( 1993 ) , The Hidden II ( 1994 ) , Three Women of Pain ( 1997 ) , and the independent movie I Will Avenge You , Iago ! ( 2005 ) as Eve . Her television movies include Love Kills ( 1991 ) , Pandora 's Clock ( 1996 ) , and Enough About Me ( 2005 ) .
She has made appearances in several television series , including thirtysomething ( 1989 ) , Tales from the Crypt ( 1990 ) , Ellen ( 1994–1995 ) , Cupid ( 1998 ) , and Summerland .
Hodge portrayed Libby Schuster in The George Wendt Show ( 1995 ) and Gretchen Lafayette in The Louie Show ( 1996 ) . She was also seen in Manhattan , AZ ( 2000 ) as Jane Pentowski . She was a series regular for ten episodes of the Fred Savage show Working ( 1998 ) . Her character , Chris Grant , was originally introduced as a woman pretending to be a man in order to gain respect in the business world .
In addition to acting , Hodge has also produced two films , The Perfect Stranger ( 2005 ) and Black Velvet Pantsuit ( 1995 ) , where she served as co-executive producer .
Filmography
Film
Television
References
External links
Living people
20th-century American actresses
21st-century American actresses
Actresses from Berkeley , California
American film actresses
Film producers from California
American television actresses
American women film producers
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Mexican Spitfire Sees a Ghost is a 1942 American comedy film directed by Leslie Goodwins and written by Charles E. Roberts and Monte Brice . It is the sequel to the 1942 film Mexican Spitfire at Sea . The film stars Lupe Vélez , Leon Errol , Charles `` Buddy '' Rogers , Elisabeth Risdon , Donald MacBride and Minna Gombell . The film was released on June 26 , 1942 , by RKO Pictures .
It is notorious as the film representing the top half of a double bill , in which the film at the bottom of the bill was Orson Welles ' now-classic second feature film The Magnificent Ambersons , also produced by RKO Pictures .
Plot
Cast
Lupe Vélez as Carmelita Lindsay
Leon Errol as Uncle Matt Lindsay / Lord Basil Epping
Charles `` Buddy '' Rogers as Dennis Lindsay
Elisabeth Risdon as Aunt Della Lindsay
Donald MacBride as Percy Fitzbadden
Minna Gombell as Edith Fitzbadden
Don Barclay as Fingers O'Toole
John McGuire as Luders
Lillian Randolph as Hyacinth
Mantan Moreland as Lightnin '
Harry Tyler as Bascombe
Marten Lamont as Mr. Harcourt
References
External links
1942 films
American black-and-white films
RKO Pictures films
Films directed by Leslie Goodwins
1942 comedy films
American comedy films
Films produced by Cliff Reid
1940s English-language films
1940s American films
The Virginie class was a class of ten 40-gun frigates of the French Navy , designed in 1793 by Jacques-Noël Sané . An eleventh vessel ( Zephyr ) begun in 1794 was never completed .
Virginie
Builder : Brest
Begun : November 1793
Launched : 26 July 1794
Completed : December 1794
Fate : Captured by the British Navy on 22 April 1796 , becoming HMS Virginie .
Courageuse
Builder : Brest
Begun : December 1793
Launched : early August 1794
Completed : December 1794
Fate : Renamed Justice April 1795 . Captured by the British Navy in September 1801 , but not added to Royal Navy ; instead , handed over to the Turkish Navy .
Harmonie
Builder : Bordeaux
Begun : May 1794
Launched : early 1796
Completed : May 1796
Fate : Beached and burnt to avoid capture by the British Navy in April 1797 .
Volontaire
Builder : Bordeaux
Begun : September 1794
Launched : 7 June 1796
Completed : 1796
Fate : Captured by the British Navy on 4 March 1806 , becoming HMS Volontaire .
Cornélie
Builder : Brest
Begun : March 1794
Launched : 19 September 1796
Completed : April 1798
Fate : Captured by the Spanish Navy in June 1808 , becoming Spanish Cornelia .
Zéphyr
Builder : Brest
Begun : March 1794
Fate : Construction abandoned in April 1804 ( never launched ) .
Didon
Builder : Saint Malo
Begun : September 1796
Launched : 1 August 1799
Completed : September 1800
Fate : Captured by the British Navy on 10 August 1805 , becoming HMS Didon .
Atalante
Builder : Saint Malo
Begun : September 1799
Launched : 29 June 1802
Completed : July 1802
Fate : Wrecked in November 1805 .
Rhin
Builder : Toulon
Begun : June 1801
Launched : 15 April 1802
Completed : October 1802
Fate : Captured by the British Navy on 27 July 1806 , becoming HMS Rhin .
Belle Poule
Builder : Basse-Indre
Begun : June 1801
Launched : 17 April 1802
Completed : September 1802
Fate : Captured by the British Navy on 13 March 1806 , becoming HMS Belle Poule .
Surveillante
Builder : Basse-Indre
Begun : July 1801
Launched : 29 May 1802
Completed : December 1802
Fate : Captured by the British Navy on 30 November 1803 , becoming HMS Surveillante .
References
Rif Winfield , British Warships in the Age of Sail , 1793-1817 , Seaforth Publishing , 2007 , .
Virginie
Monument Valley Park is a historic , recreational park in Colorado Springs , Colorado through which Monument Creek flows . It is a National Register of Historic Places listing and is on the Colorado State Register of Historic Properties .
Geography
The park is located in the center of Colorado Springs . It is about long , with Monument Creek , a tributary of Fountain Creek running through the center of the park from West Monroe south to West Bijou . It defines the western edge of the downtown area . The park is bounded on the west by Interstate 25 and the Burlington Northern and Santa Fe Railway . At the east is residential housing .
Monument Creek flows north to south and falls about in elevation . It is in elevation at its lowest point at the southwestern corner of the park ; it is in elevation at the northern edge of the park , north of Boddington Field . The narrow Mesa Creek intersects with Monument Creek at the northwestern edge of the park .
History
Park creation
General William Jackson Palmer donated the land for Monument Valley Park to Colorado Springs to be a `` park for the people '' . The park was developed between 1904 and 1907 and included `` elegant gardens , winding walks , bridged ponds , a tennis court , playgrounds and an arboretum displaying Colorado tree and shrub species and Palmer 's Colorado Wildflower Garden . '' Every species of wildflower in Colorado was in Palmer 's garden . The intention was to create a mixture of formal gardens and natural settings , like natural English gardens .
Palmer was eager to find the mineral springs for which the city had been named , since these had been covered by sands during recent floods ; he wished to feature a mineral spring as a gathering place in the park . Palmer found the spring in 1904 and directed engineers to install a concrete vault to maintain the water 's purity and a hand pump to bring water to the surface . Palmer announced his intention to build a pavilion and to name the spring after Zebulon Pike 's Indian guide , `` Rising Moose , '' who was known as `` Tahama '' and other names in his native language .
Spencer Penrose donated the swimming pool in 1914 .
Years after Palmer 's death in 1909 a pavilion was planned in his honor as a memorial . Completed in 1926 the pavilion fulfilled Palmer 's wishes to create a public gathering place at the city 's original spring and to name the spring `` Tahama Spring '' after Zebulon Pike 's Indian guide .
Flood of 1935
The park was damaged following a significant flood on Memorial Day , 1935 . Monument Creek overflowed from constant heavy rains over the 30th and 31 May . Within the park , three bridges were lost , the swimming pool filled with mud , trees were uprooted , and meadows and walkways were covered with silt and debris . Shadow Lake was made into a puddle . The streets were filled with water . The 3 natural springs were capped over with silt and debris as a result of the flood . Lakes in the park were washed away and pavilions were destroyed . The bridges alone resulted in damages of . As a result , the park today looks very different than it did before the flood .
WPA renovation
The Works Progress Administration was engaged to renovate the park as the result of the flood damage . They built creekside stone retaining walls , bridges , rock steps and benches using timber and native stone as part of a rustic , picturesque design . A grandstand was built for one of the baseball fields . Stone markers were established with bronze plaques in recognition of the renovation work performed by the WPA . Features that were not replaced include a lake , some of the gardens , and rustic bridges .
National Register of Historic Places
In 2007 , 100 years after General Palmer gifted the park to the city , Monument Valley Park was added to the National Register of Historic Places through the efforts of the Historic Preservation Alliance and the Friends of Monument Valley Park .
Recreation area
The park offers concrete and gravel trails for hiking , biking and walking . It has fields and courts for basketball , tennis , soccer , baseball , and volleyball . The park has the city 's first public swimming pool and playgrounds .
The park has two sections , divided by Uintah . The northern portion is north of Uintah and the southern portion is below Uintah .
South
A recreation area west of Monument Creek includes the South Field , Sand Volleyball area , the Picnic Pavilion , Pool , Playground , and Tennis Courts . There are also tennis courts just south of Uintah . The tennis courts are painted for pickleball .
A pavilion , that accommodates 200 people , is located in the south section of Monument Valley Park , south of Uintah and near the swimming pool . Tennis courts , basketball courts , sand volleyball , a playground and play fields are near the pavilion . Amenities include access to electric outlets , upon request , 2 large grills and restrooms . Keys are needed to unlock the grills and electrical outlets .
The swimming pool is open seven days a week in the summer , starting Memorial Day weekend . It is located at 220 Mesas and has locker rooms . In a large grassy area nearby are picnic tables .
North
A picnic shelter and play field is located in the middle of the northern part of the park . Boddington Park is at the northernmost section of the park .
Trails
Within the park is a North Loop Trail and a South Loop Trail , for a combined . There is also a Fitness Course .
Pikes Peak Greenway
There are two Pikes Peak Greenway `` reaches '' in Monument Valley Park , one north of Uintah and the other south of Uintah . In both cases there are trails on both sides of Monument Creek .
The western trails have access to other trails . From Monument Valley Reach ( north ) a traveler can meet up with the Mesa Springs Greenway or the Mesa Valley Trail at Sonderman Park . The Mesa Springs Greenway intersects with the Monument Valley Reach ( south ) .
Gardens
General Palmer 's wildflower garden became the site of the Formal Gardens , which contain roses , tulips , zinnias and begonias . It is at the southernmost end of the park near Bijou Street . The City Greenhouse and H.A.S . Demonstration Garden is on Glen Avenue .
Friends of Monument Valley Park
The non-profit Friends of Monument Valley Park organization was formed in 2000 to `` advocate for the restoration , protection , and enhancement of the park . '' Individuals may volunteer to support the organizations efforts . They organized an event to plant trees in the park on Arbor Day in 2009 and 2010 .
Events
The Friends of Monument Valley Park organize annual events , including :
General Palmer Day , held on July 31 . It is an event that brings back some of the early 20th century lifestyle . People are encouraged to wear turn-of-the-century attire and bring their own picnic dinner . The evening event , held at the Pavilion , includes a historical program , music , a sing-along and ice cream cart .
Lilac Day , held in mid-May , as a homage to William Palmer . The day has been celebrated since the parks beginnings . The Friends sponsor lilac planting , starting in 2002 , and organized a cleanup day at the park in 2009 . In 2012 they planted General Palmers favorite lilacs — the common purple , the common white , the Ludwig spaeth , and Persian lilac — west of the Glen and Cache la Poudre parking lot .
A Bird Walk was mid-May in 2012 and 2013 . In 2012 the event was led by naturalist Ken Pals , and the group spotted 20 species of birds during their walk .
Musical Mondays began in 2008 and are their main summer event .
References
External links
Monument Valley Park , Historic Preservation Alliance
Colorado State Register of Historic Properties
National Register of Historic Places in Colorado Springs , Colorado
parks in Colorado Springs , Colorado
parks on the National Register of Historic Places in Colorado
John Lettice ( December 27 , 1737 – October 18 , 1832 ) was an English clergyman , translator , academic , and author . Lettice served as vicar of Peasmarsh , East Sussex . He served as prebendary of Chichester Cathedral , Chaplain to the Archibald Hamilton , 9th Duke of Hamilton from 1804 to 1832 , and was fellow and tutor of Sidney Sussex College , Cambridge .
Life and career
Lettice was born at Rushden in Northamptonshire . His father was Rector of Strixton and Vicar of Bozeat . His mother Mary ( née Newcome ) was the daughter of Richard Newcome , rector of Wymington .
He attended Oakham School from 1752 until his admission to Sidney Sussex College in 1756 . An inheritance upon his father 's death allowed him to continue his studies . Lettice ultimately received a Doctor of Divinity . After earning a master 's degree and winning the Seatonian Prize in 1764 for his poem called `` The Conversion of St. Paul , '' he was appointed a select preacher by the University . He enjoyed literary connections and , in February 1765 , was instrumental in Johnson 's sole visit to Cambridge . He travelled throughout Europe , taking a position in Copenhagen as tutor to the family of the Envoy Extraordinary of Great Britain Sir Robert Gunning , 1st Baronet and translating some works to Danish .
He was presented the Peasmarsh vicarage by Sidney Sussex College in 1785 and married the daughter of Alderman John Newling of Cambridge in October 1786 . His wife died soon after the marriage . He later remarried the widow of a local physician . He continued publishing into his 80s . In his later years , Lettice required the assistance of a curate to assist with duties in the vicarage .
Lettice tutored many English notables , including book collector William Thomas Beckford , who had a biography of Lettice among his collection .
Lettice died at the vicarage in Peasmarsh . He was included in the Dictionary of National Biography .
Selected publications
The Conversion of St. Paul ( 1765 )
Letters on a Tour Through Various Parts of Scotland : In the Year 1792 ( 1794 )
Fables for the Fire-side ( 1812 )
Suggestions on Clerical Elocution ( 1822 )
References
Barber , Madeline J . The Vicar 's Tin Box : The Life of John Lettice , Vicar of Peasmarsh 1785-1832 ( 2002 )
External links
Lettice , John via King 's College London
1737 births
1832 deaths
People from Rushden
18th-century English Anglican priests
English translators
Fellows of Sidney Sussex College , Cambridge
English male non-fiction writers
People from Peasmarsh
Berta Lask ( 17 November 1878 – 28 March 1967 ) was a German writer , playwright and journalist . She joined the Communist Party in 1923 and much of her published work is strongly polemical .
Sources identify her under several different names . Between her marriage to Louis Jacobsohn in 1901 and 1917 she used , for some purposes , the name Berta Jacobsohn . After the death of both her brothers in law , the couple changed their name to Jacobsohn-Lask . She also wrote under the pseudonym `` Gerhard Wieland '' .
Life
Provenance and early years
Berta Lask was born into a prosperous Jewish family in Wadowitz , a small industrialising town at that time in Galicia , and a short distance to the southwest of Kraków . She was the third of her parents ' four recorded children . Her parents had grown up in the north of Germany , and despite living in Austria-Hungary still held Prussian nationality . Her father , Leopold Lask ( 1841–1905 ) , owned a paper factory in Falkenberg , far to the north . Her mother , Cerline Lask ( ? -1921 ) was a teacher . The eldest of her brothers , Emil Lask ( 1875–1915 ) , would achieve eminence as a neo-Kantian philosopher .
In 1885 the family moved to Falkenberg in Brandenburg . Berta Lask attended primary school in Berlin and a secondary school ( Gymnasium ) in Bad Freienwalde , a short distance to the northeast of the capital . Her mother was dismissive of her wish progress with her education , and it was partly as a reaction against her mother 's attitudes that Berta first made contact with political feminism . Through her brother Emil , three years her senior , she also came into contact with other intellectual currents of the time . In her late teens she began her first forays into serious writing . It was also during this period , in 1894/95 , that she studied in Berlin with Helene Lange who was already gaining a reputation as a leading advocate of women 's rights .
In 1901 Berta Lask married Louis Jacobsohn ( 1863–1940 ) , a neurologist and histologist who was teaching at Berlin 's Frederick-William University ( as it was known at the time ) . During the next few years they had four recorded children . In 1912 her first unpublished stage work appeared under the title `` Auf dem Hinterhof , vier Treppen links '' ( `` In the backyard , four steps to the left '' ) .
War
Both her brothers were killed in the First World War .
Through her husband 's work as a doctor Lask became increasingly radicalised , which formed the context for her activism in the women 's movement and later her support for the October Revolution in Leningrad in 1917 and the November Revolution in Berlin in 1918 . After the war , between 1919 and 1921 she entitled two volumes of poetry reflective of the war experience and the deaths of her own brothers entitled `` Stimmen '' ( `` Voices '' ) and `` Rufe aus dem Dunkel '' ( `` Calls out of the dark '' ) . Along with her poetry , she published articles for `` The Red Flag '' ( `` Die Rote Fahne '' ) and other less high-profile revolutionary newspapers . In 1923 she joined the recently established Communist Party in Berlin . She provided material for the party 's Agitation and Propaganda group . Her output included the chorus `` The call of the dead - speaking chorus to commemorate Karl Liebknecht and Rosa Luxemburg '' ( `` Die Toten rufen - Sprechchor zum Gedenken an Karl Liebknecht und Rosa Luxemburg '' ) , the stage pieces `` Leuna 1921 '' ( which appeared in 1927 ) and `` Thomas Müntzer '' , and children 's books such as `` Through Time on the Flying Horse '' ( `` Auf dem Flügelpferde durch die Zeiten '' ) and `` How Franz and Greta traveled to Russia '' ( `` Wie Franz und Grete nach Russland reisten '' ) . She had made her own first visit to Russia in 1925 .
Weimar years
During the Weimar period Berta Lask found herself before the judges charges with high treason several times . Her published plays were confiscated and performances of them banned . Her works also featured in trials launched against communist book sellers . In 1927 , however , the cases against her failed . Along with Johannes R. Becher , Frida Rubiner , Franz Carl Weiskopf and others she was a member of the planning committee and a founder member of the Association of Proletarian-Revolutionary Authors ( `` Bund proletarisch-revolutionärer Schriftsteller '' / BPRS ) which they launched on 19 October 1928 , with Lask becoming deputy secretary to the national executive in 1932 . She was also a member of the Protection League of German authors ( `` Schutzverband deutscher Schriftsteller '' / SDS ) . Her work by now was chiefly restricted to journalism .
Nazi years and Soviet exile
The Nazis took power in January 1933 and lost little time in converting the German state into a one-party dictatorship . Political activity ( unless in support of the Nazi party ) became illegal . Berta Lask was arrested and held in `` protective custody '' between March and June . After that , probably in August 1933 ( though sources differ as to the precise dates ) she emigrated via Czechoslovakia to the Soviet Union . She lived in Moscow at least till 1936 , by which time all three of her sons and her husband had relocated from Nazi Germany to the Soviet Union . Her husband , who had been semi-retired even before the Nazi take-over , and had never involved himself in his wife 's political activities ( but was nevertheless professionally marginalised and in increasing danger because he was Jewish ) arrived , using a tourist visa , only at the start of 1936 , accompanied by her daughter in law , Dora and her baby grand daughter , Franziska .
In Moscow Berta Lask worked as a journalist . Moscow , like Paris , had welcomed large numbers of refugees from Nazi Germany , forced to flee because of their politics , their race , or both . There were several German language news publications following the Communist Party line , notably the Deutsche Zentral-Zeitung , published in Moscow by the German language section of the Comintern , and to which Lask contributed . She was also writing for `` Zwei Welten '' and for `` Internationale Literatur '' and contributing material to Radio Moscow . She published several books under the pseudonym `` Gerhard Wieland '' . It has been suggested that she used a pseudonym partly in order to protect her sons and her husband all of whom had initially remained in Germany when Berta had fled . At some point after 1936 Louis and Berta left Moscow and settled at Sevastopol in Crimea where the authorities were happy for Louis to continue his work as a physician until his death in May 1940 .
Berta Lask was deprived of her German citizenship by the government in 1938 . She received Soviet citizenship in 1940 .
Unlike their father , all three of the Lasks ' sons had joined the German Communist Party by 1933 . Of the three of them , the youngest , Ernst , stayed for a time in Berlin working `` underground '' for the Communist Party ( which was now illegal ) . He was assigned to the party 's `` anti-militarist '' department which was in effect a cover name for the German Communist Party 's news service . He then fled , following his mother to Moscow , where he worked first for the Agriculture Institute and then for the International Economics and Politics Institute . However , at the end of June 1936 , a month after his thirtieth birthday , Ernst died of tuberculosis in the First University Clinic in Moscow hospital . The other two , Hermann and Ludwig , were arrested in 1938 , when the political purges in Moscow were still at their height . The middle son , Hermann , was banned to Arkhangelsk in the north where he lived with his widowed mother between 1941 and 1944 . He was eventually transferred to the Soviet `` Labor army '' , and returned to what remained in Germany in 1948 . The eldest son is sometimes identified in sources as Ludwig and sometimes as Lutz . Lutz , who had a degree in human economics ( `` Volkswirtschaft '' ) , was working at the Marx-Engels-Lenin Institute in Moscow when he was arrested . His detention included eight years in a camp at Kolyma in the Far East . Like his brother Hermann , he survived his time in the Soviet Union , but he was only permitted to return to Germany in 1953 . After Lutz was arrested , his wife , Dora , keen to avoid getting caught up in Stalin 's latest purge , left Moscow with their daughter Franziska . They crossed Europe and arrived in England towards the end of the summer of 1939 . Having avoided imprisonment by the Soviets , in London Dora was identified as an enemy alien and imprisoned in Holloway jail , and then `` interned '' on the Isle of Man . By the end of the war she had been released , and lived in England for the rest of her life : she died from kidney disease in 1952 , the year before the Soviets were finally persuaded to release her husband .
According to some sources , Berta Lask tried to return to Moscow from Arkhangelsk during the war in order to contribute to the struggle against Nazi Germany . In the end she appears to have returned to Moscow around the end of the war , possibly when her son was transferred from Arkhangelsk to the Soviet `` Labor army '' . She then remained in Moscow till 1953 . When she returned to the part of Germany which by this time had become the German Democratic Republic ( East Germany ) , she was accompanied by her newly freed son , Lutz .
German Democratic Republic
Berta Lask lived her final years in East Berlin where she continued to write and was able to finish the semi-autobiographical novel on which she had started work in 1938 . It was published as `` Stille und Sturm '' in 1955 . In 1958 she was honoured officially with the Patriotic Order of Merit in silver . The equivalent award in gold followed in 1963 . She was a member of the East German literary elite , and the country 's powerful Party Central Committee offered public condolences when she died on 28 March 1967 .
References
1878 births
1967 deaths
People from Wadowice
People from the Kingdom of Galicia and Lodomeria
Jewish refugees from Nazi Germany in the Soviet Union
Communist Party of Germany members
Socialist Unity Party of Germany members
German women journalists
German women novelists
German women writers
Proletarian literature
Recipients of the Patriotic Order of Merit in gold
20th-century German women
East German writers
Callimetopus griseus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae . It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1960 . It is known from the Philippines .
References
Callimetopus
Beetles described in 1960
Peace X Peace ( pronounced “ peace by peace ” ) is a nonprofit women 's organization founded in 2002 that promotes building peace through online communications .
History
Peace X Peace was founded in 2002 by Patricia Smith Melton . Following the terrorist attacks of September 11 , Smith Melton gathered experts in peace and women 's rights from around the world ( including Isabel Allende , the Chilean novelist ; Susan Collin Marks , the Australian-born co-founder of Search for Common Ground ; and Fatima Gailani , the Afghan head of the Red Crescent ) to elaborate a women 's response to the September 11 attacks . They declared that women are the key to peace , and must stand together to claim their full power . Later in 2002 Smith Melton incorporated the organization and took a film crew around the world to interview extraordinary women . The resulting documentary , Peace by Peace : Women on the Frontlines , premiered at the United Nations on International Women 's Day in 2003 . It was also aired around the world and on PBS in the United States . In 2003 , the organization launched a website and an online women 's news service .
Operations
In fall of 2008 Dr. Pat Morris took office as executive director of Peace X Peace , and in 2010 Kim Weichel took the helm as CEO . As of June , 2011 the organization had six staff members .
Peace X Peace advocates for policies and programs that support and advance women . They are part of a civil society coalition that makes recommendations to a US Government National Action Plan for Women , Peace and Security .
Peace X Peace operates almost entirely online , hosting a private online community , as well as regularly publishing original and re-posted material on their blogs , including Voices from the Frontlines , Be the Change , and Connection Point . The organization also publishes a monthly newsletter , PeaceTimes , and sends the Weekly Blog Digest each Friday . The Peace X Peace community numbers around 18,000 mostly female members in more than 100 countries .
Peace X Peace collaborates on UN initiatives for women , including the Commission on the Status of Women , Millennium Development Goals , and UN Women , advocates on behalf of UN conventions , and participates in UN programs in the Washington DC area .
In February 2011 , Peace X Peace launched a new project called `` Connection Point . '' The goal of this project is to `` link Arab and Muslim women with women from Western countries in a vibrant online community . '' This project involves the regular posting of articles and interviews with women from the Arab world and Muslim women , as well as compiling resources pertinent to Arab and Muslim women , and their relations with women in the west .
Every November , Peace X Peace hosts the Women , Power , and Peace Awards . Award categories include Peace Media , Peace Philanthropy , the Patricia Smith Melton Peacebuilder award , and the Community Peacebuilder award . Every other year these awards are given out in a ceremony held in Washington , DC .
Awards
In 2002 the Isabel Allende Foundation honored Peace X Peace with the Espiritu Award for the Pursuit of Peace
The documentary Peace by Peace : Women on the Frontlines won the Golden Eagle Cine Award in 2004 and the Best Documentary Aurora Award in 2006
In 2005 , Religious Science International , a nonprofit based in Seattle , recognized Peace X Peace with its Golden Works Award for activities that exemplify the RSI mission , `` awakening humanity to its spiritual magnificence ''
In 2006 , Working Mother named it one of the 25 Best Places for Women to Work
In 2007 , Peace X Peace won the ePhilanthropy Foundation 's Best Community Building/Activism Award
In November 2008 , Peace X Peace won the Technology Innovation Award from NPower Greater DC and Accenture
In December 2008 , Peace X Peace Founder Patricia Smith Melton was selected as one of OneWorld 's People of 2008 and received The Rumi Peace and Dialogue Award
References
External links
Further reading
- includes chapter on Peace X Peace
International women 's organizations
Peace organizations based in the United States
Barnstaple Long Bridge is a medieval bridge linking Tawstock with Barnstaple in North Devon , England , spanning the River Taw . One of the largest medieval bridges in Britain , it is a Grade I listed building and ancient monument . Another major medieval bridge , the Bideford Long Bridge over the River Torridge , is a few miles away .
History
The date of the first bridge as Barnstaple 's main bridge across the River Taw is unclear . A will of 1274 left money for its upkeep and it underwent construction work around 1280 with further work being undertaken in 1333 , and the bridge was partially destroyed in 1437 and 1646 . It is unclear whether all of the arches were originally built of stone or whether three were wooden ( known as `` maiden Arches '' ) until replacement in the 16th century .
In 1796 , the bridge was widened again . The footpath was added in the 1830s and cast iron used to strengthen the bridge under the direction of James Green . In the 1960s some of the original stonework of the deck was replaced with concrete faced with masonry , above the original stone arches , removing the Victorian ironworks to give the bridge an image identical to how it would have looked between 1796 and 1832 .
Traffic congestion was considerable on the bridge until , in May 2007 , the Barnstaple Western Bypass was opened so traffic heading towards Braunton and Ilfracombe avoids travelling through the town centre over the ancient bridge . The bypass consists of of new road and a , five-span bridge . It was expected to have cost £42 million . In 2016 plans were announced to upgrade the bridge including widening of footpaths and the creation of cycle lanes .
Structure
Long Bridge has 16 pointed masonry arches , varying in span from to giving a total length of .
References
Further reading
Oliver , Bruce W. , The Long Bridge of Barnstaple , Transactions of the Devon Association , vol . 70 ( 1938 ) pp.193-197 ; vol . 78 , ( 1946 ) pp.177-191 .
Bridges in Devon
Bridges completed in the 13th century
1280 establishments in England
Grade I listed buildings in Devon
Grade I listed bridges
Long Bridge
Industrial archaeological sites in Devon
Reynolds Glacier ( ) is a glacier 5 nautical miles ( 9 km ) long , flowing eastward from the Haines Mountains along the south side of Keyser Nunatak to enter the Hammond Glacier , in Marie Byrd Land . Mapped by the United States Geological Survey ( USGS ) from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos , 1959–65 . Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names ( US-ACAN ) for Donald K. Reynolds , ionospheric physicist at Byrd Station , 1967–68 season .
Glaciers of Marie Byrd Land
Jubilee Road is the third studio album by British singer-songwriter Tom Odell . It was released on 26 October 2018 . The lead single `` If You Wan na Love Somebody '' was released on 14 June 2018 .
Background
The album was announced on 22 June 2018 . The songwriting was inspired by Odell 's neighbours while living in a terraced street in east London . He said about this period : “ At the time I was actually thinking about taking a break from music , I was thinking about stepping back for six months , but then I moved into this house and just felt inspired by the neighbours and the community I was living in and actually wrote the album pretty quickly. ” Besides the neighbourhood Odell drew inspiration from his own life as well : “ The best way I can describe it is there are some characters in some of the songs – in Son of an Only Child I imagine this babysitter with this young boy and then the young boy 's older and he 's part of this lost generation and he feels angry . In another song [ `` Queen of Diamonds '' ] there 's this gambling addict who is desperately gambling to try and satisfy his own addiction but also someone else because he thinks it 's going to save him . In all of them they 're partly things I 've observed but also they 're partly myself as well and partly things I 've witnessed and experienced . ”
Promotion
The lead single `` If You Wan na Love Somebody '' and its video were both released on 14 June 2018 . The video was directed by Sophie Littman . Odell also performed the song on The Graham Norton Show on the day of the release . The second single `` Half As Good As You '' featuring German-English singer Alice Merton was released on 24 August 2018 . The clip was again directed by Littman . Odell performed the duet with Merton on The Voice of Poland and with Rae Morris on The Jonathan Ross Show . Other album tracks that were released in advance of the release included the title track `` Jubilee Road '' as well as `` You 're Gon na Break My Heart Tonight '' and `` Go Tell Her Now '' . The accompanying Jubilee Road Tour started on 12 October 2018 . The tour involves gigs in the UK , Europe and the United States .
Track listing
Credits adapted from the album booklet .
Personnel
Credits are adapted from Jubilee Road liner notes .
Tom Odell – vocals , piano , organ ( track 2 , 11 ) , backing vocals ( track 2,8,9 ) , clicks ( track 3 ) , strings ( track 11 )
Max Clilverd – electric guitar ( track 1-5 , 7-9 , 11 ) , acoustic guitar ( track 2-5 , 7-11 ) , backing vocals ( track 8 ) , dulcimer ( track 10 )
Max Goff – bass guitar ( track 1-5 , 7-9 , 11 )
Andrew Burrows – drums ( track 1-5,7-9,11 ) , percussion ( track 1,5,7 ) , glockenspiel ( track 2 , 11 ) , backing vocals ( track 2,8 )
Ben Baptie – tambourine ( track 2 )
Michael Leonhart – trumpet ( track 3 )
Dave Guy – trumpet ( track 3 )
Maneco Ruiz – trumpet ( track 3 )
Mike Davis – trombone ( track 3 )
Matt Bauder – tenor sax ( track 4 )
Debbie Aramide – backing vocals ( track 3 , 5 )
Olivia Wiliams – backing vocals ( track 3 , 5 )
Emily Holligan – backing vocals ( track 3 , 5 )
Joel Frahm – saxophone ( track 4 )
Alice Merton – vocals ( track 7 )
Design
Tom Odell – creative direction
Margherita Visconti – creative direction
Frank Fieber – creative direction
Joanna Weir – photography commissioning
Chris Norris – design
Sophie Green – photography
Joe Magowan – additional photography
Rianna Tamara – additional photography
Aava Anttinen – additional photography
Jonny Isaacson – additional design
Helen Frost – additional design
Kiran Mistry – additional design
Technical
Tom Odell – production , arrangements
Ben Baptie – production , engineering , mixing ( track 1,3-10 )
Tom Archer – recording assistant engineer ( track 1 , 3-6 , 8-11 )
Andy Menhenitt – mixing assistant engineer ( track 1-10 ) , recording assistant engineer ( track 2,7 )
Ted Jensen – mastering
Michael Leonhart – arrangements
Andrew Burrows – production ( track 7 )
Oli Barton-Wood – engineering ( track 7 )
Martin Terefe – production ( track 11 )
Mark `` Spike '' Stent – mixing ( track 11 )
Charts
References
2018 albums
Tom Odell albums
Martz Communications Group is an American radio broadcasting company , which operates three radio stations in the St. Lawrence River area of New York and one in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania . The company , which also operates under the names Radio Power and Cartier Communications , is co-based in Parishville , New York and San Francisco , California ; with auxiliary offices in Reno , Nevada ; Burlington , Vermont ; and Pointe-Claire , Quebec .
The company was founded in 1986 by Tim Martz , a native of Kitchener , Ontario who established a radio station in Presque Isle , Maine , taking advantage of the market across the border in New Brunswick , Canada without being required to submit to the rules of the CRTC . Its scope eventually expanded to target larger Canadian markets , such as Brockville , Cornwall , Ottawa and Montreal , which lay within the broadcast range of its stations . The Canadian company Slaight Communications is also a minority shareholder in Martz . Slaight 's ownership stake in Martz was not part of that company 's sale of most of its broadcasting assets to Astral Media in 2007 .
Stations
Malone , New York : WICY
Potsdam , New York : WSNN
Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania : WAMO
Martz Communications also handles advertising sales for Burlington , Vermont stations WEZF ( owned by Vox Communications ) and WBTZ ( owned by Hall Communications ) .
Former stations
Stephens Media Group
The following stations were previously owned by Martz , and sold February 1 , 2008 to the Stephens Media Group :
Canton , New York : WRCD , WNCQ-FM
Massena , New York : WMSA
Morristown , New York : WYSX
Norwood , New York : WVLF
Ogdensburg , New York : WPAC-FM
Educational Media Foundation
The following stations were previously owned by Martz , and sold September 30 , 2021 to the Educational Media Foundation :
Chateaugay , New York : WYUL
Malone , New York : WVNV
Martz also previously programmed the HD2 and HD3 feeds of WGPR in Detroit , Michigan , which were repeated on local FM translators owned by Martz : W284BQ and W232CA . However , on January 31 , 2012 Martz ceased operations of the HD feeds and the translators , due to financial and signal difficulties .
Other Former Stations
Lexington/Port Huron , Michigan : WBTI
Sault Ste . Marie , Michigan : WYSS
References
External links
Radio broadcasting companies of the United States
Slaight Communications
Companies based in New York ( state )
Companies based in San Francisco
Companies established in 1986
1986 establishments in the United States
Mount Ronne ( ) is a prominent , flattish mountain which projects from the middle of the east side of the Haines Mountains , in the Ford Ranges of Marie Byrd Land . The mountain was probably first observed on aerial flights by the Byrd Antarctic Expedition ( 1928–30 ) . Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names ( US-ACAN ) for Martin Rønne , who was a sailmaker , ski instructor , dog-driver , and ice pilot with the Byrd Antarctic Expedition , and who had been a shipboard member of the Fram on Amundsen 's South Pole expedition ( 1910–12 ) .
Mountains of Marie Byrd Land
Brenda Joyce may refer to :
Brenda Joyce ( author ) ( born c. 1963 ) , American writer
Brenda Joyce ( actress ) ( 1917–2009 ) , American film actress
The Georgia Archives is the official repository of archival records for the U.S. state of Georgia . Together with the Georgia Capitol Museum it forms the Georgia Division of Archives and History , part of the office of the Secretary of State of Georgia . It is located in Morrow , Georgia , United States . The primary purpose of the Georgia Archives is to identify which state agency records are worth preserving for hundreds of years , transfer those records to the archives , protect them , and make them available to people who need them . In addition , the archives helps state agencies and local governments manage active records and stores the inactive records of state government in the State Records Center .
History and facilities
The Georgia Archives was established on August 20 , 1918 , after a prolonged effort on the part of the Archives ' first director , Lucian Lamar Knight . The Archives occupied a balcony in the State Capitol Building for twelve years until 1930 , when furniture magnate Amos G. Rhodes left his home , `` Rhodes Hall '' , to the state . Knight 's successor Ruth Blair facilitated the move of the archives to the mansion on Peachtree Street .
On October 11 , 1965 the Archives dedicated its first home built specifically to house archival collections . The 14-story marble-clad building was hailed as the most modern archival facility in the country . The new home led to the expansion of services , including the addition of records management and microfilming services for state agencies and local governments .
In 1998 engineers determined that the downtown building was sinking due to ground water and nearby interstate construction . Even as the building sank , the archives faced massive expenses to repair the aging HVAC systems . The cost to repair and refurbish the state archives ( estimated by some to be as much as $ 40,000,000 ) made new construction an attractive alternative .
After the archives were moved out to the current facility in Morrow , the old downtown building , sometimes called the `` White Ice Cube , '' was occasionally used as a movie filming location , such as for Ant-Man in 2014 . On March 5 , 2017 the former downtown archive location was imploded so the site could be cleared in preparation for a new judicial complex .
In April 2001 , the Georgia General Assembly endorsed a public-private partnership to construct a new archival facility near Clayton State University in Morrow , Georgia , and adjacent to the Southeast Regional Branch of the National Archives ( completed in 2004 ) . Groundbreaking took place on October 30 of that year and the Archives opened its new building on May 6 , 2003 . Since that time the facility has been awarded design awards by the American Institute of Architects at the state , regional , and national levels .
Collections
The Georgia Archives ' collections include the founding documents of the state , such as the Royal Charter that created the colony of Georgia in 1733 and the Ratification of the United States Constitution , the 1788 document that made Georgia a state . Important collections include the official records of Governors , from the Journal of Georgia 's first Royal Governor in 1754 to the records of the current Governor . Acts of the General Assembly also span from the acts of the first Assembly in 1755 to the present . Other collections include records of interest to genealogists , land surveyors , state and local government officials , teachers , and students .
2012 closure
On Sept. 13 , 2012 , Georgia Secretary of State , Brian Kemp , announced that the Georgia Archive would close to the public as of Nov. 1 , 2012 . Reason for the closure was cited as a 3 % budget cut ( $ 732,626 ) . Public access to records would be limited to scheduled appointments , with details for said appointments not yet announced . SOS Kemp stated that he regretted the closure and would `` fight during this legislative session to have this cut restored . ''
The decision to close the archive to the public was met with backlash from the public , as well as organizations for archivists , librarians , genealogists , and other scholarly groups . A Facebook page called Georgians Against Closing State Archives gained over 2,000 members in less than a week and a petition on Change.org collected over 17,000 signatures .
On October 18 , 2012 , Governor Deal issued a press release announcing that the Georgia Archives would remain open . The Secretary of State 's budget would receive $ 125,000 , which would allow the Archive to remain open through June 2013 . After this time , the state would seek to turn the Archives over to the University System of Georgia . The money added to the Secretary of State 's budget was not enough to prevent layoffs . Five employees were scheduled to lose their jobs on November 1 .
Notes
External links
Georgia Archives Official Website
Virtual Vault Portal to online images
Organizations based in Georgia ( U.S. state )
State archives of the United States
Boljkovci is a village in the municipality of Gornji Milanovac , Serbia . According to the 2002 census , the village has a population of 489 people .
References
Populated places in Moravica District
1963 saw Independiente win the Argentine first division . Boca Juniors were runners-up in the Copa Libertadores 1963 .
The Argentina national team finished in 3rd place in the Copa América .
Primera División
Relegation
There was no relegation due to the expansion of the Primera División from 14 to 16 teams .
Copa Libertadores
Independiente qualified for Copa Libertadores 1964 via the league .
Copa Libertadores 1963
Boca Juniors : Runners-up
Argentina national team
Copa América
1963 South American Championship : 3rd place
References
Argentina 1963 by Osvaldo José Gorgazzi at rsssf .
Copa Libertadores 1963 by José Luis Pierrend , John Beuker and Osvaldo José Gorgazzi at rsssf .
pl : I liga argentyńska w piłce nożnej ( 1963 )
Ragged Peaks ( ) is a prominent group of peaks on the eastern side of Amundsen Bay in a line running almost north–south . The peaks , extending 8 nautical miles ( 15 km ) , contain several spires and the ridge connecting the peaks is much serrated . There are five peaks over 915 meters . They were sighted in October 1956 by the ANARE ( Australian National Antarctic Research Expeditions ) Amundsen Bay party led by P.W . Crohn . The descriptive name was given by the Antarctic Names Committee of Australia ( ANCA ) .
Mountains of Enderby Land
Edo Queens is a Nigerian women football club based in Edo State , Nigeria . They play in the top women 's football league in Nigeria , the NWFL Premiership .
References
Women 's football clubs in Nigeria
Nigeria Women Premier League clubs
NWFL Premiership clubs
Sport in Edo State
The 2012/13 FIS Ski Flying World Cup was the 16th official World Cup season in ski flying awarded with small crystal globe as the subdiscipline of FIS Ski Jumping World Cup .
Calendar
Men
Men 's team
Standings
Ski Flying
Nations Cup unofficial
Notes
References
World cup
FIS Ski Flying World Cup
South Groveton is a town on the outskirts of Groveton in Trinity County , Texas . It was established around 1900 . The population peaked at 1,000 in 1930 and declined to 175 people by the 1990s .
References
Unincorporated communities in Trinity County , Texas
Unincorporated communities in Texas
Ipomoea corymbosa is a species of morning glory , native throughout Latin America from Mexico as far south as Peru and widely naturalised elsewhere . Its common names include Christmasvine , Christmaspops , and snakeplant .
Description and names
Known to natives of north and central Mexico by its Nahuatl name Ololiúqui ( also spelled ololiuhqui or ololiuqui ) and by the south eastern natives as xtabentún ( in Mayan ) , it is a perennial climbing vine with white flowers , often grown as an ornamental plant . Its flowers secrete copious amount of nectar , and the honey that bees make from it is very clear and aromatic . It also grows in Cuba , where it usually blooms from early December to February . It is considered one of the main honey plants of the island .
This plant is often used for purposes other than recreation , as natives of Mexico consider the powder produced from its seeds a tool for divination and communion with spirits . Because of the widespread use among native tribes , Colonial rules initially feared Ololiuqui and banned it introducing harsh punishments for users .
Chemical properties
The Nahuatl word ololiuhqui means `` round thing '' , and refers to the small , brown , oval seeds of the morning glory , not the plant itself , which is called coaxihuitl ( “ snake-plant '' ) in Nahuatl , and hiedra , bejuco or quiebraplatos in the Spanish language . The seeds , in Spanish , are sometimes called semilla de la Virgen ( seeds of the Virgin Mary ) . While little of it is known outside of Mexico , its seeds were perhaps the most common psychedelic drug used by the natives .
In 1941 , Richard Evans Schultes first identified ololiuhqui as Turbina corymbosa and the chemical composition was first described in 1960 in a paper by Albert Hofmann . The seeds contain ergine ( LSA ) , an ergoline alkaloid which is also present in ergot of rye and is similar in structure to LSD . Ergot of rye was part of the Kykeon , the drink which was a component of the Eleusinian mysteries . The psychedelic properties of Turbina corymbosa and a comparison of the potency of different varieties were studied in the Central Intelligence Agency 's MKULTRA Subproject 22 in 1956 .
Distribution
This species is an invasive species to the United States , Europe ( Spain ) , and Australia , where it has become more naturalized .
See also
Xtabay
References
External links
Erowid Morning Glory vault
Erowid Corymbosa Vault
Convolvulaceae
Entheogens
Herbal and fungal hallucinogens
Natural sources of lysergamides
Flora of Mexico
Flora of Cuba
Flora of Peru
Plants described in 1759
Project MKUltra
Flora without expected TNC conservation status
Yacine El Kassah ( ; born 8 January 2000 ) is a French footballer who plays as a midfielder for CAB .
Career
In 2016 , El Kassah joined the youth academy of Italian Serie A side Inter . In 2019 , he signed for CAB in Tunisia . On 8 February 2020 , he debuted for CAB during a 1-2 loss to CSHL .
References
External links
French footballers
Expatriate footballers in Italy
French sportspeople of Tunisian descent
Expatriate footballers in Tunisia
CA Bizertin players
Living people
Association football midfielders
2000 births
French expatriate sportspeople in Tunisia
Footballers from Paris
Tunisian Ligue Professionnelle 1 players
French expatriate sportspeople in Italy
French expatriate footballers
The black banded gecko ( Coleonyx fasciatus ) is a gecko endemic to western Mexico . It is found in Madrean foothills in Sinaloa and southern Sonora , and perhaps in extreme adjacent southwestern Chihuahua .
References
Coleonyx
Reptiles of Mexico
Reptiles described in 1885
Dağyaka is a village in the District of Kazan , Ankara Province , Turkey .
References
Villages in Kahramankazan District
Neighbourhoods of Kazan
Marc Diraison is an American voice actor , ADR director , and scriptwriter who has worked for Bang Zoom ! Entertainment , NYAV Post , 4Kids Entertainment and DuArt Film and Video . He is best known as the voice of Guts in Berserk and Tokiomi Tohsaka in Fate/Zero .
Filmography
Anime
Animation
Films
Video games
References
External links
Living people
People from California
Actors from California
American male voice actors
American voice directors
American male video game actors
20th-century American male actors
21st-century American male actors
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Georges Pelletier ( born 1943 ) is a French agricultural engineer and Doctor of Science . He spent his career at the National Institute of Agricultural Research ( INRA ) in the Department of Plant Genetics and Improvement . He headed the Unit of the INRA Versailles Centre from 1991 to 1999 , chaired from 2001 to 2010 , the Operational Management Board of the Group of Scientific Interest in Plant Genomics Genoplant , and from 2010 to 2013 was appointed to the French Agency for Research ( ANR ) scientific manager of the Biotechnologies and Bio-resources programme for `` Investments for the Future '' . He was a member of the Biomolecular Engineering Commission and the Scientific Council of the Genopoles . Member of the French Academy of sciences ( 2004 ) and the Academy of Agriculture ( 2004 ) , he was awarded the Lauriers d'excellence de INRA ( 2006 ) .
Scientific work
His field of research has been the study of multiplication and reproduction mechanisms in angiosperms .
First , by generating haploid individuals , either by in vitro culture of immature pollen , in tobacco and asparagus , or by selecting fertilization anomalies that eliminate one of the parental genomes . This work has led to the clarification of sex determinism in asparagus , a dioecious species , and has provided the method for obtaining fully male F1 hybrid varieties , which have since been widely developed .
He developed a genetics of cytoplasmic organelles in higher plants by protoplast fusion , revealing the existence of almost systematic recombinations between mitochondrial genomes and the exchange of chloroplasts between the parents of these fusions . The application of these principles to the species of the Brassicaceae family has led to the discovery of the mitochondrial gene responsible for male sterility ( absence of pollen ) known as Ogura , which is found in the genus Raphanus . It is an additional gene whose only biological function is to block pollen formation . It is involved in gynodoecia ( a species composed of females and hermaphrodites ) in the genus Raphanus . The discovery of the gene responsible for male sterility , its transfer to Brassica by fusion of protoplasts , and the selection of mitochondrial recombinants with improved agronomic characteristics have enabled this male sterility to be widely distributed and exploited in Europe and North America for the production of hybrid varieties in rapeseed and various cabbage .
He showed that the gene transfer bacterium , Agrobacterium tumefaciens , introduced by simple infiltration into the plant , is unexpectedly capable of transferring its T-DNA to female gametes . An original method of transformation to create collections of `` insertion mutants '' in the Arabidopsis thaliana genome has been developed for his team to study the genes that control reproductive mechanisms , whether they are meiosis and recombination of chromosomes or gametogenesis , pollen and embryonic sac development . On a global scale , the method has been widely used as one of the major tools for functional analysis of the genome of A. thaliana , a plant model of plant genomics .
Distinctions
Jean-Dufrenoy Prize from the Académie d'agriculture de France in 1986 ;
Doistaut-Blutet Prize of the French Academy of sciences in 1989 ;
Laurier de la recherche agronomique de l'INRA in 2006 .
Decorations
Officier of the Ordre national du Mérite . He was promoted to officier by decree on 13 May 2016 . He was a Chevalier on January 30 , 1992 .
Chevalier of the Ordre national de la Légion d'Honneur .
References
Living people
1943 births
French agronomists
Institut Français
Members of the French Academy of Sciences
French geneticists
Biotechnologists
Alexander Lyman Holley ( Lakeville , Connecticut , July 20 , 1832 – Brooklyn , New York , January 29 , 1882 ) was an American mechanical engineer , inventor , and founding member of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers ( ASME ) . He was considered the foremost steel and plant engineer and designer of his time , especially in regard to applying research to modern steel manufacturing processes .
Biography
Born in Lakeville , Connecticut in 1832 , Holley graduated from Brown University in 1853 . He worked at Corlias & Nightingale ( Corliss Steam Engine Works ) as a workman and student . He also served as a locomotive engineer on Stonington and Providence Railroad , and then entered the New York Locomotive Works as a draughtsman .
During his early 20s , Holley was a close friend of Zerah Colburn , the well-known locomotive engineer and journalist/publisher who founded Railway Advocate and later the journal to Holley .
In 1857 , the two visited Britain and France to study the rail system and compiled a report for the presidents of American railroads , The Permanent Way published in 1858 . Around the same time , Holley wrote to The New York Times accurately predicting screw propulsion would supersede side wheels for ocean navigation . Holley was also a construction consultant for development of Stevens Battery .
In 1860 , the two traveled together on the maiden voyage of Isambard Kingdom Brunel 's Great Eastern . Holley 's most famous book , A treatise on ordnance and armor published in 1865 , followed a visit he made to Britain in 1863 when he again met Zerah Colburn .
Holley was a creative inventor , who received 15 patents in the US . Ten of those fifteen were for improvements in the Bessemer process , for which he purchased the US rights in 1863 on behalf of a consortium of investors . He soon designed and built Bessemer plants in Troy , New York , Harrisburg , Pennsylvania , and Braddock , Pennsylvania . He planned or was consulted on a dozen others .
Holley served as president of the American Institute of Mining Engineers , and vice-president of the American Society of Civil Engineers . In 1880 Holley chaired the first meeting of the founders of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers ( ASME ) in the offices of the American Machinist on 16 February and afterwards served as vice-president of the society . He was also a trustee for Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute and lecturer at School of Mines , Columbia College .
In 1882 he was awarded the Bessemer Gold Medal of the British Iron and Steel Institute for his services to the industry .
Legacy
The Holley medal is given out by the American Society of Mechanical Engineers in his honor . He received many honors , including being made an honorary member of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers in 1892 ; and in 1890 a monument was unveiled in Washington Square Park , New York bearing a bust of him .
Publications , a selection
1858 : ( with Zerah Colburn & Julius Bien ) The permanent way and coal-burning locomotive boilers of European railways ; with a comparison of the working economy of European and American lines , and the principles upon which improvement must proceed . New York , Holley & Colburn .
1860 : ( with J. K. Fisher ) The economy of steam power on common roads ... with its history and practice in Great Britain .... and its progress in the United States ,
1865 : A treatise on ordnance and armor : embracing descriptions , discussions , and professional opinions concerning the material , fabrication , requirements , capabilities , and endurance of European and American guns for naval , sea-coast , and iron-clad warfare , and their rifling , projectiles and breech-loading
1867 : American and European Railway Practice in the Economical Generation of Steam . David Van Nostrand .
1878 : ( with Lenox Smith ) The works of the Cambria Iron Company . London : Offices of `` Engineering '' .
1881 : Report of the United States board appointed to test iron , steel , and other metals .
1885 : ( with Joseph Barba ) The use of steel for constructive purposes : method of working , applying and testing plates and bars .
Publications about Alexander Lyman Holley , his life and work
American Institute of Mining , Metallurgical , and Petroleum Engineers ( 1884 ) Holley , 1832-1882 . Memorial of Alexander Lyman Holley , C. E. , LL . D. , president of the American institute of mining engineers , vice-president of the American society of civil engineers , vice-president of the American society of mechanical engineers ... etc. , etc . Born July 20 , 1832 . Died January 29 , 1882 .
Thomas J. Misa ( 1998 )
John Mortimer ( 2005 ) Arima Publishing
References
External links
Alexander Lyman Holley , ASME by Michael MacRae , 2012
1832 births
1882 deaths
American mechanical engineers
People from Salisbury , Connecticut
Bessemer Gold Medal
Brown University alumni
USS Palmyra ( ARST-3 ) was a of the United States Navy .
Service history
She was laid down on 11 December 1944 as LST-1100 at the Jeffersonville Boat and Machine Company in Jeffersonville , Indiana . She was named Palmyra on 23 December 1944 and commissioned on 28 July 1945 .
After shakedown in the Gulf of Mexico , Palmyra transited the Panama Canal and joined ServRon 10 of the Service Force in the Pacific Fleet . She served with ServRon 10 at Guam up to February 1946 . Palmyra then became part of TU 1.2.7 , the salvage unit for Operation Crossroads . She arrived at Bikini Atoll in May 1946 and participated in preparations for the tests . After the nuclear tests were completed . she helped the salvage operations . Palmyra reported to ComLantResFit on 6 February 1947 and was decommissioned on 20 June 1947 , joining the Reserve Fleet at Orange , Texas .
After more than twenty years in reserve , Palmyra was struck in 1973 and sold for scrapping by the Defense Reutilization and Marketing Office on 1 April 1974 .
References
1945 ships
World War II auxiliary ships of the United States
Ships built in Jeffersonville , Indiana
Laysan Island class salvage craft tenders
The following lists events that happened during 2021 in Central America .
Incumbents
Belize
Chief of state : Queen Elizabeth II ( since 1952 )
Represented by Governor-General Sir Colville Young ( since 1993 )
Head of Government : Prime Minister Johnny Briceno ( starting 2020 )
Costa Rica
Chief of state and Head of Government : President Carlos Alvarado Quesada ( since 2018 )
First Vice President Epsy Campbell Barr ( since 2018 )
Second Vice President Marvin Rodríguez Cordero ( since 2018 )
El Salvador
Chief of state and Head of Government : President Nayib Bukele Ortez ( since 2019 )
Vice President Felix Augusto Antonio Ulloa Garay ( since 2019 )
Guatemala
Chief of state and Head of government : President Alejandro Eduardo Giammattei Falla ( since 2020 )
Vice-President César Guillermo Castillo Reyes ( since 2020 )
Honduras
Chief of state and Head of Government : President Juan Orlando Hernandez Alvarado ( since 2014 )
Vice Presidents : Ricardo Alvarez , Olga Alvarado , Maria Rivera ( since 2018 )
Nicaragua
Chief of state and Head of government : President Daniel Ortega ( since 2007 )
Vice President Rosario Murillo Zambrana ( since 2017 )
Panama
Chief of state and Head of Government : President Laurentino `` Nito '' Cortizo Cohen ( since 2019 )
Vice President Jose Gabriel Carrizo Jaen ( since 2019 )
Monthly events
January and February
January 8 – Guatemalan military spokesman Ruben Tellez says that up to 4,000 soldiers will be deployed to reinforce its borders and stop migrants . General Tito Livio Moreno , Honduras ' senior military officer , said earlier this week that soldiers would be deployed there to preemptively stop any migrant caravans .
January 9 – Prosecutors in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York accuse former President Juan Orlando Hernández of taking bribes and protecting drug traffickers .
January 11 – Authorities from Mexico , Guatemala , Honduras , and El Salvador meet in Corinto , Honduras to discuss coordination on migration .
January 13 – Two hundred Honduran migrants march towards San Pedro Sula en route to Guatemala . Guatemalan President Alejandro Giammattei says he may declare a “ state of prevention ” along the border . Guatemala already requires a negative COVID-19 test and other travel documents .
January 15 – Violence breaks out in El Florido , Copán Ruinas , along the Honduran-Guatemalan border as migrants try to enter Guatemala . 300 people who entered Guatemala illegally were intercepted west of the border .
January 21 – The Mexican National Guard stops a truck with 130 Central American migrants in Veracruz .
January 23 – United States President Joe Biden pledges $ 4 billion for development in Honduras , El Salvador , and Guatemala .
February 4 – U.S Boarder Patrol officials in Texas release hundreds of Central American families in Laredo and Brownsville after authorities in Tamaulipas , Mexico refuse to take them in because of overcrowding in camps .
February 6 – U.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken says the agreements with Guatemala , El Salvador , and Honduras to send asylum-seekers back to those countries are suspended .
February 19 – The Group of Seven ( G-7 ) promises an equitable distribution of COVID-19 vaccines , although few details have been provided .
February 23 – The World Food Programme urgently calls for USD $ 47.3 million to help 2.6 million people in El Salvador , Guatemala , Honduras and Nicaragua hit by famines caused by the economic crises related to COVID-19 and natural disasters .
February 26 – Honduras and Guatemala each receive 5,000 doses of Moderna COVID-19 vaccine , donated by Israel . The vaccines will be destined for health workers . Honduras has had 167,000 infections and 4,000 deaths , while Guatemala has reported 173,000 cases and 6,334 deaths .
March to June
March 2 – A boat with partially decomposed bodies of six migrants , one with a passport from Guinea , is found Cayo Las Palomas , Nicaragua .
March 8 – 5,000 women march in San Salvador and 1,000 in Guatemala City demanding decriminalization of abortion and an end to violence against women on International Women 's Day .
June 11 – Eleven countries , private organizations , and international banks pledge USD $ 110 billion to help Central American countries deal with the root causes of emigration . This is in addition to the USD $ 300 billion already pledged by the U.S. government .
Programmed and scheduled events
Elections
February 28 – 2021 Salvadoran legislative election
March 3 – 2021 Belizean local elections
Corozal Bay , House of Representatives by-election
March 14
2021 Honduran general election , 2021 Honduran local elections
2021 Nicaraguan general election
Holidays
January to March
January 1 – New Year 's Day
January 19 – Martyrs ' Day ( Panama )
February 14–15 – Carnival , Public holidays in Panama
February 16 – Ash Wednesday , Panama
March 8 – National Heroes & Benefactors Day , Belize .
April to June
April 1 – Holy Thursday , Costa Rica
April 2 – Good Friday
April 3 – Holy Saturday
April 5 – Easter Monday
April 11 – Juan Santamaría Day , Costa Rica
April 14 – Pan American Day , Honduras
May 1 – Labour Day , International Workers ' Day
May 24 – Commonwealth Day , Belize
June 30 – Army Day , Public holidays in Guatemala
July to September
July 19 – Sandinista Revolution Day , Public holidays in Nicaragua
July 26 – Guanacaste Day , Costa Rica
August 2 – Virgin of Los Angeles Day , Costa Rica
August 6 – Fiesta of San Salvador , celebrated in El Salvador
September 10 – Saint George 's Caye Day , Belize
September 14 – San Jacinto Day , Nicaragua
September 15/20 – Act of Independence of Central America , independence from Spain in 1821 ; celebrated in Costa Rica , El Salvador , Guatemala , Honduras Nicaragua
September 21 – Independence Day , Belize
October to December
October 7 – Francisco Morazán′s Birthday , Honduras
October 8 ( probable ) – Armed Forces of Honduras Day
October 11 – Pan America Day , Belize
October 20 – Guatemalan Revolution Day
November 1 – All Saints ' Day , celebrated in Guatemala
November 3 – Separation Day ( from Colombia , 1903 ) , Panama
November 4 – Flag of Panama Day
November 5 – Colón Day , Panama
November 10 – Los Santos Uprising Day , Panama
November 19 – Garifuna Settlement Day , Belize
November 29 – Independence Day , Panama
December 8 – Feast of the Immaculate Conception , Nicaragua Panama
December 25 – Christmas Day
December 27 – Boxing Day , Belize
Culture
Sports
March 18-30 – CONCACAF Men 's Olympic Qualifying Championship rescheduled for in Guadalajara , Mexico .
Deaths
January 1 – Elmira Minita Gordon , politician , Governor-General of Belize ( 1981–1993 ) .
January 24 – Roberto Cañas López , 70 , Salvadoran politician , guerrilla and academic , signant of Chapultepec Peace Accords .
February 4 – Antonio Azúcar Hernández , 44 , Salvadoran diplomat , consul in Tapachula , Chiapas , Mexico ; COVID-19 .
March 2 – Telma Barria Pinzón , 60 , Panamanian diplomat ; drowned during landslide in Colombia .
March 3 – Tomas Altamirano Duque , 93 , Panamanian politician , Vice President of Panama ( 1994–1999 ) .
See also
2021 in the Caribbean
COVID-19 pandemic in North America
2020s
2020s in political history
Central American Parliament
2021 Atlantic hurricane season
References
External links
El Universal ( Mexico ) in English
Al Jazeera ( Latin America ) in English
Associated Press ( Latin America )
Amandala ( Belize )
2020s in Central America
Years of the 21st century in Central America
James Gatduel Gatluak is a South Sudanese military officer , and commander of the 4th division of the Sudan People 's Liberation Army ( SPLA ) . He led the 4th division against forces from Sudan during the 2012 South Sudan-Sudan border conflict in the Battle of Heglig . At the time of the incident , he held the rank of general .
References
Living people
South Sudanese military personnel
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Andrézieux-Bouthéon Football Club is a French association football team founded in 1947 . Prior to July 2019 they were known by the name L'Association Sportive Forezienne Andrézieux-Bouthéon . They are based in Andrézieux-Bouthéon , Rhône-Alpes , France and are currently playing in the Championnat National 2 , the fourth tier in the French football league system . They play at the L'Envol Stadium in Andrézieux-Bouthéon , inaugurated in 2016 , which has a capacity of 5,000 . Previously , they had played at Stade Roger Baudras .
On 6 January 2019 , the club beat Ligue 1 club Olympique de Marseille 2–0 in the round of 64 in the Coupe de France .
Current squad
Season-by-Season
References
External links
Football clubs in France
Association football clubs established in 1947
1947 establishments in France
Sport in Loire ( department )
Robert Henry Edmunds ISO ( 12 April 1834 – 12 February 1917 ) was a surveyor , explorer and public servant in the early days of the colony of South Australia . He was involved in surveys and explorations in the Northern Territory with Finniss 's party at Escape Cliffs and with the McKinlay exploration of the Alligator Rivers region .
History
Edmunds was born in Great Marlborough street , London , the eldest son of Daniel Edmunds and his wife Mary , and was educated at Caversham , Oxfordshire . His parents and their family of four arrived in South Australia aboard Calphurnia in April 1849 .
He worked as a sailor for a few years , then on 15 April 1855 joined the South Australian Government as a surveyor , then on 1 January 1858 , was appointed to the list of first-class officers . In 1863 , he transferred to the Customs Department , and was appointed sub-collector of customs at Wallaroo , but before he could take up the post he accepted a position as senior surveyor with B. T. Finniss 's party which was making preparations for a settlement to be called Palmerston at Escape Cliffs on Adam Bay in the Northern Territory . Of the original 80 staff recruited some 20 had died , resigned , or otherwise removed from the service and had to be replaced .
Edmunds was put in command of this `` relief '' party of 40 including two other officers , H. Packard and C. Young , which left Port Adelaide on the new steamer South Australian on 29 October 1864 , and arrived at Escape Cliffs on 5 December 1864 .
While in the Territory Edmunds was attached to John McKinlay as surveyor and second in command of his party whose brief was , independently of Finniss , to explore the north between Victoria River and the Gulf of Carpentaria with a view to finding other , perhaps better , settlement sites .
It was gruelling work under dangerous conditions in inhospitable country , and became trapped by swollen rivers in the Wet Season , and were forced to eat their horses to stay alive , and returned to the coast on a makeshift raft constructed of saplings and horse hide , finally returning to the depot emaciated , shoeless and in rags , but they had made a preliminary survey of the site of present-day Darwin and the upper reaches of Daly River .
Edmunds returned to Adelaide in 1866 and received an appointment in the Treasury .
In September , 1870 , he transferred back to the Customs , then in April 1874 , was transferred to the Yatala Labour Prison as storekeeper , then from 1 December 1892 he served as Superintendent of that institution . During that time he performed useful work as a member of the Lunacy Commission with Dr. Ramsay Smith and James Gordon , enquiring into lunacy administration in South Australia , New South Wales , and Victoria , and on their recommendations improvements were made to operations at the Parkside Lunatic Asylum . He retired on 30 June 1904 .
Edmunds suffered a stroke two years before he died on 12 February 1917 at his home in Childers Street , North Adelaide . He was survived by his wife , four sons and three daughters .
Recognition
He was bestowed ISO in January 1905
Edmunds Street , Darwin was named in his honour
Family
Robert Henry Edmunds married Emily Beare ( c. 1844 – 28 May 1925 ) , daughter of T. Hudson Beare , on 3 October 1863 . Their children were :
Daniel Thomas Edmunds ( 22 June 1864 – 25 September 1925 ) architect , of Katanning , WA
Horace Julian Edmunds ( 10 July 1867 – 13 August 1951 ) accountant , Islington workshops
Charlotte Mary Lucy Edmunds ( 1869–1882 )
Arthur Melita Strickland Edmunds ( 29 June 1871 – 5 April 1930 ) engineer , Islington workshops
Alice Emily Edmunds ( 1873–1948 ) married Ernest William Ryton ( d. 20 July 1919 ) in 1907 ; married Rolfe Beaumont in 1923
Louis George Edmunds ( 1875 – 23 August 1911 ) chemist
Robert Hugo Edmunds ( 1877 – 14 July 1909 ) railway guard died in work accident
Myra Jane Edmunds ( 1879–1885 )
John Leonard Edmunds ( 1881–1881 )
Charles Augustus Edmunds ( 13 January 1883 – 7 June 1941 ) , solicitor and Red Cross worker
Olive Lucy Mary Edmunds ( 27 September 1884 – 1971 ) married Percy Croft in 1905 , divorced 1923 ; married William Peter Orr in 1924
Ida May Edmunds ( 10 November 1887 – 1973 ) married Frederick James Blades ( d. 23 June 1952 ) in 1906
There is no reason to believe George Francis Edmunds ( d. 12 July 1894 ) , also on Finniss 's October 1864 expedition , was related .
References
1834 births
1917 deaths
Australian public servants
Australian surveyors
British emigrants to Australia
VV , V V , or v. v. may refer to :
Arts and entertainment
Vopli Vidopliassova , or VV , a Ukrainian rock band
Vicarious Visions , a video game company
V/V , a secondary chord in music
V.V. , a character in Code Geass
People
Alison Mosshart ( born 1978 ) , stage name VV , American singer with The Kills
Vasily Vorontsov ( 1847–1918 ) , pseudonym VV , Russian economist and sociologist
Ville Valo ( born 1976 ) , or VV , Finnish musician
Other uses
v/v ( volume by volume ) , the volume fraction
VV , a phoneme or digraph for the letter `` w ''
Aerosvit Airlines , IATA code VV
Internal Troops of Russia ( Russian : Vnutrenniye Voiska Ministerstva Vnutrennikh Del )
Public Affairs ( political party ) ( Czech : Věci veřejné ) , a political party
Vorontsov-Vel'yaminov Interacting Galaxies , a catalogue of galaxies
Province of Vibo Valentia , Italy
V//V , the Intel Viiv platform initiative
See also
Double V campaign , World War II slogan promoting democracy overseas African American rights in the U.S .
V de V ( disambiguation )
V & V ( disambiguation )
UU ( disambiguation )
W ( disambiguation )
V ( disambiguation )
Vice Versa ( disambiguation )
Abortion in Sweden was first legislated by the Abortion Act of 1938 . This stated that an abortion could be legally performed in Sweden upon medical , humanitarian , or eugenical grounds . That is , if the pregnancy constituted a serious threat to the woman 's life , if she had been impregnated by rape , or if there was a considerable chance that any serious condition might be inherited by her child , she could request an abortion . The law was later augmented in 1946 to include socio-medical grounds and again in 1963 to include the risk of serious fetal damage . A committee investigated whether these conditions were met in each individual case and , as a result of this prolonged process , abortion was often not granted until the middle of the second trimester . As such , a new law was created in 1974 , stating that the choice of an abortion is entirely up to the woman until the end of the 18th week .
Legislation
Current
The current legislation is the Abortion Act of 1974 ( SFS 1974:595 ) . This states that up until the end of the eighteenth week of the pregnancy , the choice of an abortion is entirely up to the woman , for any reason whatsoever . After the 18th , a woman needs a permission from the National Board of Health and Welfare ( Socialstyrelsen ) to have an abortion . Permission for these late abortions is usually granted for cases in which the fetus or mother are unhealthy . Abortion is not allowed if the fetus is viable , which generally means that abortions after the 22nd week are not allowed . However , abortions after the 22nd week may be allowed in the rare cases where the fetus can not survive outside the womb even if it is carried to term .
The issue is largely settled in Sweden , and the question of the legality of abortion is not a highly controversial political issue .
Consensus in Sweden is in favour of preventing unwanted pregnancies by the use of birth control and the primary goal is not to lower the amount of abortions , but rather the goal is that all children that are born should be wanted . The number of abortions statistically follows the number of pregnancies . In comparison with the other nordic countries , Sweden ranks high in number of abortions , and low in number of young parents , while the number of pregnancies in relation to total population is largely the same in all Nordic countries .
History
The Civil Code of 1734 formally introduced the death penalty for abortion , but there is no confirmed case in which this sentence was actually carried out : the attention was focused on infanticide rather than abortion , and the court cases were few . The reformed law of 1864 abolished the death penalty for abortion and replaced it with between two and six years of penal labour for both the patient who received abortion care , and for the abortion care provider .
During the second half of the 19th century , abortion court cases became more common and the issue became a part of public debate . A reform in 1921 replaced the penal labour with a shorter prison term without penal labour for the patient , but kept the original penalty for the abortion service provider .
Between 1929 and 1933 , around 21 patients annually were sentenced for abortion , and the vast majority was given suspended sentences .
The first law on legal abortions was passed in Sweden in 1938 when the law legalized abortion on a very limited scale , and only on serious medical consideration , after evaluation by the Royal Board of Health . From 1946 abortions could also be permitted on social medicinal grounds . During the 1960s , a successive change in Swedish society took place , and the general attitude towards sexuality , as well as abortion , became more liberal . This , among other things , led to an increase in the number of permitted abortions .
The current Abortion Act ( SFS 1974:595 with later amendments in 1995 and 2007 ) entered into force on 1 January 1975 . It permits abortion on the request of the pregnant woman until the 18th week , and thereafter only in cases of severe indications of medical risk . After the 18th week , abortions can only be performed after an evaluation by the National Board of Health and Welfare .
In 1989 , the Board issued general advice on implementation of the law ( SOSFS 1989:6 ) . From 1 September 2004 , these were superseded by new advice and policy ( SOSFS 2004:4 ) .
Since 1 January 2008 , foreign patients – including asylum applicants , non-permanent residents , and those not registered in Sweden – are allowed to get an abortion in the country . During 2009 , 132 such abortions were performed in Sweden . The National Board of Health and Welfare called this a comparably small figure , in relation to the total number of abortions .
Statistics
The National Board of Health and Welfare is the central national authority for social services , public health , and the health services in Sweden . Among the board 's responsibilities are evaluation and monitoring of abortions performed in Sweden , as well as establishing norms by issuing provisions and general advice . The board is also responsible for the collection and publishing of official national statistics on abortions . Until 1995 reports were instead published by Statistics Sweden .
Statistical reports are published yearly and are based on data from all clinics and hospitals where abortions are performed . Data is collected on the age of the women , earlier pregnancies and abortions , the length of the pregnancy at the time of abortion , method of abortion , and where the abortion was performed .
One of the National Health Board 's main purposes with these reports is to measure changes and trends over time . The statistics on legal abortions stretches back to 1955 and , starting from 1975 , data on frequencies for different age groups are available . From 1985 the women 's home municipality was also recorded .
Trends
The number of induced abortions performed in Sweden rose markedly on a yearly basis from the early 1960s , but soon leveled off following the liberalization of the abortion law in 1975 . It is not possible to tell whether the increase in the statistics after the Abortion Act of 1974 reflects actual circumstances , or just bias resulting from an increased will to report abortions after legalization . Since 1975 , the total yearly number of cases has averaged between 30,000 and 38,000 abortions .
The number of abortions by age group were as follows : those performed on teenagers in 1975 were 30 in every 1,000 , while those performed on women aged 20 to 24 years old was 27 in every 1,000 . However , since 1977 , the opposite has held true , with fewer abortions being performed on teenagers than women aged 20 to 24 . The number of abortions among teenagers was around 11 per 1,000 women in 2018 , a halving since 2009 .
Most abortions in Sweden are performed on women aged 25–29 years old , followed in order by the age groups 20–24 years old , 30–34 years old , 35–39 years old , 15–19 years old ( teenage abortions ) , and 40–44 years old . Before the age of thirty most women have not established a family life and abortion is more common amongst this age group , with multiple sex partners in the younger age groups parenthood is less desired and abortion more likely . The fact that most women in the younger age groups are still studying , combined with them being new on the labour market , influences the choice to perform abortion .
Although abortion rates vary widely in Sweden , according to geographical region , the highest rate of teenage abortions is registered in Gotland and in the metropolitan areas of Stockholm and Gothenburg . The lowest incidences are in the counties of Blekinge , Kronoberg , and Jönköping .
In 2018 , 84 percent of the induced abortions were performed before the end of the 9th week of pregnancy and 57 percent before the end of the 7th week , compared to 55 and 10 percent respectively in 1994 . The proportion of medical abortions constituted 93 percent of all abortions .
Debate
Sweden has one of the most liberal abortion laws in the world . As mentioned previously , the topic itself does not have much controversy among the society and majority of Swedish population supports the law and policies around it .
However , there are political debates surrounding the cut-off period for abortion as well as other abortion rights . Right-wing conservative parties like the Christian Democrats and Swedish Democrats have earlier promoted a stricter ban on late abortions , but do no longer do so . The Swedish Association for Sexuality Education has responded by stating that a lot of political arguments stem from misinformation and lack of knowledge .
Abortion rights
Organizations
RFSU stands for abortion rights to all women , it is one of their main worldwide priority areas . They believe that in an equal and sustainable society individuals have a right over their own body , sexuality and reproduction .
Anti-abortion
Organizations
Människorätt för ofödda ( MRO ) ( Human rights for the unborn ) is politically and religiously independent organization . They aim to promote right to life for those unborn by non-violent protests , showing pictures of fetuses , and supporting pregnant women .
Ja till livet ( Yes to life ) is a non-profit organization which aims to influence the debate on human dignity within abortion , fetal diagnoses and elderly care . Their goal is to limit the abortions by showing that fetuses have a human value .
Some religious organizations have anti-abortion stand too . The Catholic Church believes that human life is created at the point of conception , thus abortion should not be permitted unless both mother and the child are in danger . A Catholic movement , Respekt ( Respect ) , aims to promote human life from conception to death , meaning that , among other positions , they stand against abortions and euthanasia .
Ellinor Grimmark
In 2014 , a controversial lawsuit was launched by a midwife Ellinor Grimmark against the health authorities in Jönköping region because they refused to provide her with a job as she would not carry out abortions or prescribe contraceptives due to her religious beliefs . The case had financial support from a well-known Christian anti-abortion organisation in the US , Alliance Defending Freedom , which has interests in limiting abortion access in Europe . Grimmark 's case was tried by the discrimination ombudsman as well as a district court in Sweden , both of which ruled against her . The same decision was reached in the Swedish Labor court after which Grimmark decided to proceed to the European Court of Human Rights . In 2020 , she lost her case against Swedish state , and in October 2021 , the case was permanently closed when her motion for appeal was denied .
See also
Swedish Association for Sexuality Education
Notes
References
External links
Swedish Parliament – Abortion act
1938 establishments in Sweden
Sweden
Health law in Sweden
Society of Sweden
Sweden
Women 's rights in Sweden
Oaklands Mansion is an historic house museum located in Murfreesboro , Tennessee , United States . Oaklands is on the National Register of Historic Places and is a local landmark known for its unique Italianate design .
The plantation was caught in the middle of the Civil War and officers from both the Confederate and Union armies stayed in the mansion . The most notable visitor to the home was Confederate President Jefferson Davis , who stayed at Oaklands December 12–15 , 1862 accompanied by his aid George Washington Custis Lee , son of Confederate General Robert Edward Lee . Other notable visitors were former United States First Lady Sarah Childress Polk , United States Senator from Tennessee and the 1860 Constitutional Union Party 's nominee for President of the United States John Bell , Confederate General Braxton Bragg , Confederate Lieutenant-Genera Leonidas Polk , Confederate Naval CommanderMatthew Fontaine Maury and Confederate Brigadier-General George Maney .
During the First Battle of Murfreesboro on July 13 , 1862 , Confederate cavalrymen under Nathan Bedford Forrest surprised and defeated Federal forces encamped on the front lawn of the Mansion , near the plantation 's spring and at the Rutherford County Courthouse as part of a raid on Union-occupied Murfreesboro . It is said that Lewis and Adaline Maney 's children watched the fighting from the window of the second floor hallway . After the surrender was signed , both armies gathered for a meal of black eyed peas and sweet potatoes .
Colonel William Ward Duffield of the 9th Michigan Infantry , was severely wounded and captured by the Confederates during the early part of the battle . He was taken into the house and nursed by the Maney family . At noon the same day he was made prisoner by Forrest , but , in his then helpless condition , he was released upon his parole and promised not to bear arms against the Confederate States until regularly exchanged . Mrs. Duffield was a guest in the Maney home while her husband recovered for several months . The Duffields and the Maneys became friends during the Colonel 's recuperation . After the war the Duffields presented the Maneys with a silver tea service in gratitude for their hospitality and care of the Colonel .
The last residential owner of Oaklands , Rebecca Jetton , moved out of the house in the 1950s when she was no longer able to maintain it . The abandoned mansion was vandalized and left in disrepair . The city of Murfreesboro acquired it in 1958 with the intention of tearing it down . However , the mansion was restored to its original grandeur by a group of women who rallied together to form the Oaklands Association . The home was opened to the public as a museum in the early 1960s and now receives thousands of visitors annually and is used for various public and private functions .
See also
First Battle of Murfreesboro
Nathan Bedford Forrest
William Ward Duffield
References
External links
Oaklands Mansion website
Historic house museums in Tennessee
Houses in Rutherford County , Tennessee
Museums in Rutherford County , Tennessee
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Tennessee
National Register of Historic Places in Rutherford County , Tennessee
Arthur W. `` Nick '' Arundel ( January 12 , 1928 – February 8 , 2011 ) was a Harvard graduate and former United States Marine Corps combat officer in the Korean War . Arundel covered Washington , D.C. as a correspondent for CBS News and later The White House for United Press International . The founder of Arundel Communications ( now ArCom ) based near Dulles Airport , he originated in American journalism the concept of 24-hour news cycle All-news radio format at Washington radio station WAVA-FM in 1960 . Arundel was board chairman for George Mason College and was instrumental in its expansion from a college , to a university . He was Chairman and Publisher of the 17 Times Community Newspapers and has been inducted into the Hall of Fame of Virginia Communications .
Arundel died at his home near The Plains , VA on February 8 , 2011 at the age of 83 . He was named the Outstanding Virginian of 2011 by the Virginia General Assembly .
In 2017 , a book was published about Arundel 's efforts in 1955 to bring two baby gorillas to the National Zoo . The book also includes Arundel 's involvement in the creation of the Friends of the National Zoo .
A collection of Arundel 's records and materials is housed at the George Mason University Special Collections Research Center .
Organizations
Founder of Great Meadow and President , Great Meadow Foundation , The Plains , Virginia
Co-Founder and first Board Chairman , George Mason University , Fairfax , Virginia
Co-Founder of U.S. Marine Corps Heritage Center , Quantico , Virginia
Co-Founder of National Press Foundation and Washington Journalism Center
Co-Founder and Past President , Piedmont Environmental Council
Co-Founder and Past President , Friends of the National Zoo ( FONZ ) , Washington , D.C .
Co-Founder and Past President , African Wildlife Leadership Foundation
Board Member , Virginia Higher Education Business Council
Board Member , Sorensen Institute for Political Leadership
Member , Monticello Founders Board
Board Member , National Sporting Library
Board Member , Waterford Foundation
Founding Chairman and Trustee , Journey Through Hallowed Ground Foundation
Board Member , Americans at War Foundation , Washington , D.C .
Founder and Chairman , Morningside Training Farm , The Plains , VA
References
1928 births
2011 deaths
American television reporters and correspondents
American newspaper reporters and correspondents
American newspaper executives
American newspaper publishers ( people )
Journalists from Washington , D.C .
United States Marine Corps officers
United States Marine Corps personnel of the Korean War
Harvard University alumni
The Karam Foundation is an aid organization which started in 2007 and focuses on helping those affected by the Syrian Civil War .
History
The Karam Foundation began as a food drive in the south side of Chicago , but after the Syrian Civil War started , they began focusing on helping Syrians . They currently work across Syria , Turkey , Lebanon , and Jordan with refugee families from the conflict . Projects have included starting schools , sponsoring refugee families , supporting small refugee owned businesses , supplying families within Syria with food and other necessities , and more .
Karam is Arabic for generosity .
Support and media attention
In 2017 Samantha Bee raised money for Karam on her show Full Frontal with Samantha Bee . Karam has also been featured in Forbes , CBS , and The Chicago Tribune . In 2019 the Karam Foundation was featured in an episode of Orange Is the New Black .
References
External links
2007 establishments in Illinois
Humanitarian aid organizations
Organizations established in 2007
Social welfare charities based in the United States
Christian Greber ( born 8 February 1972 , in Mellau ) is an Austrian former alpine skier who competed in the 2002 Winter Olympics .
External links
sports-reference.com
1972 births
Living people
Austrian male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of Austria
Alpine skiers at the 2002 Winter Olympics
Sportspeople from Vorarlberg
People from Bregenz District
Clemente Pugliese Levi ( 1855 in Vercelli – 1936 ) was an Italian painter , mainly of luminous alpine landscapes in his native Piedmont .
He was a resident of Turin . He was strongly influenced by Impressionism . He also painted numerous vedute , including Il Mercato del Pesce . Among his works are Il Mattino nuvoloso : Fieno maturo ; and a Chestnut forest In the 1881 Exhibition at Turin , in 1881 , he displayed : Un'occhiata ai lavori ; in 1884 again in Turin , he exhibited : Sul mercato dei fiori a Porta Palazzo ; La Dora and Uno studio dal vero . At the 1887 Mostra of Venice , he sent : Color del sole ; Paesaggio ; Fieno maturo and Mattino nuvoloso . In 1888 , he displayed Per la festa del Mercato ; Un giorno triste ; and Un bosco .
References
1855 births
1936 deaths
Painters from Piedmont
Italian landscape painters
Jewish painters
19th-century Italian painters
Italian male painters
20th-century Italian painters
People from Vercelli
19th-century Italian male artists
20th-century Italian male artists
János Szlepecz ( or Ivan Slepec , June 14 , 1872 – June 29 , 1936 ) was a Slovene Roman Catholic priest , dean , and writer . He wrote in the Prekmurje Slovene dialect and also in Hungarian .
He was born in Murska Sobota in Vas County of the Kingdom of Hungary ( present-day Slovenia ) , where his father Iván Szlepecz was a blacksmith in the market town . His mother was Julianna Czigány . Starting in 1896 , he served as chaplain for ten years for the Szapáry family , and then in 1906 as the parish priest of Murska Sobota . In 1913 , after the death of Ferenc Ivanóczy , he became dean of the Slovene March .
Szlepecz initially opposed the autonomy of the Slovene March ( Prekmurje ) and supported Hungary . He later shifted his position and supported the Prekmurje Slovenes . After World War I , he maintained the liturgy in Prekmurje Slovene in St. Nicholas 's Church . After the occupation of the Republic of Prekmurje , Szlepecz was taken hostage by the Hungarian communists .
In 1918 , Szlepecz was the bishopric vicar in Szombathely and in 1922 the honorary vicar in Maribor . Before the First World War , he published articles in Hungarian in Szombathelyi Újság and Muraszombat és vidéke , and articles in Slovene in Marijin list , Novine , and Kalendar Srca Jezušovoga . He also translated the Gospels into Prekmurje Slovene .
János Szlepecz died in Murska Sobota .
Literature
Géfin Gyula A Szombathelyi Egyházmegye története : 1777–1935 III . kötet , Szombathely Martineum Ny. , 1935 .
See also
List of Slovene writers and poets in Hungary
1872 births
1936 deaths
People from Murska Sobota
19th-century Slovenian Roman Catholic priests
Slovenian writers and poets in Hungary
20th-century Slovenian Roman Catholic priests
Oksana Lyniv ( ; born 6 January 1978 ) is a Ukrainian conductor .
Biography
Born in Brody ( then in the Ukrainian SSR ) , Lyniv is the daughter of two musicians and the granddaughter of a choral conductor . Her father is also a choral conductor . In her youth , she studied piano , flute , violin and singing . From 1992 to 1996 , she studied flute and conducting at the Stanislav Liudkevych Music School in Lviv . She first conducted an orchestra at age 16 , which aroused her interest in conducting . From 1996 to 2003 , she was a conducting student at the Lysenko music academy in Lviv , where her teachers included Bogdan Dashak . During her studies , Lyniv became an assistant conductor at Lviv Opera to Myron Yusypovych . She became principal guest conductor of the Leopolis Chamber Symphony Orchestra in 2003 .
In 2004 , Lyniv participated in the first Gustav Mahler conducting competition of the Bamberg Symphony Orchestra , and won 3rd prize . In 2005 , she became assistant conductor to Jonathan Nott at the Bamberg Symphony Orchestra . From 2005 to 2009 , Lyniv continued her music studies at the Musikhochschule Dresden ( `` Carl Maria von Weber '' College of Music ) . She participated in a masterclass with Ekkehard Klemm in 2007 . She held a scholarship from the German Academic Exchange Service ( DAAD ) , the Goethe Institute , and the Oscar and Vera Ritter Foundation . From 2007 to 2009 , Lyniv was promoted by the `` Dirigentenforum '' of the German Music Council . She has taken further master classes in conducting with Hartmut Haenchen , Kurt Masur , Peter Gülke , Georg Fritzsch and Roland Seiffarth .
From 2008 to 2013 , Lyniv was associate chief conductor of the Odessa National Opera . She has worked on establishing a national youth orchestra in Ukraine . Lyniv served on the conducting staff of the Bavarian State Opera , as an assistant conductor to Kirill Petrenko , from 2013 through 2017 . Her work at the Bavarian State Opera has included conducting productions of Mirandolina ( Martinů ) , Die Soldaten ( Zimmermann ) , Selma Ježková ( Poul Ruders ) , and ( ) .
In October 2016 , Lyniv made her first guest-conducting appearance with Graz Opera , in a production of La traviata . Based on this engagement , in February 2017 , Graz Opera announced her appointment as the next chief conductor of the Graz Opera and of the Graz Philharmonic Orchestra , effective with the 2017–2018 season , with an initial contract of 3 years . This appointment marks her first chief conductorship . She is the first female conductor to be named chief conductor of the Graz Opera and the Graz Philharmonic Orchestra . She concluded her tenure in Graz at the end of the 2019–2020 season .
In March 2021 , Lyniv made her first guest-conducting appearance at the Teatro Comunale di Bologna , in a streamed quarantine concert without an audience . She subsequently guest-conducted at the Teatro Comunale di Bologna in a May 2021 concert with an audience present . On 25 July 2021 , Lyniv conducted the first night of the new Bayreuth Festival production of Der fliegende Holländer , the first female conductor ever to conduct at the Bayreuth Festival . In October 2021 , the Teatro Comunale di Bologna announced the appointment of Lyniv as its new music director , effective January 2022 , with an initial contract of three years . Lyniv is the first female conductor to be named music director of an Italian opera house . In March 2022 , Lyniv conducted Ai Weiwei 's first opera production , Puccini 's Turandot , at the Teatro dell'Opera di Roma with an alternating cast of Oksana Dyka and Ewa Vesin as Turandot , and Michael Fabiano and Marco Spotti as Calaf .
Awards
The Saxon Mozart Prize 2021 was awarded to the ( YsOU ) and its conductor Lyniv .
References
Further reading
External links
Profile , Opera4u.com
`` Oksana Lyniv – conductor ( Ukraine-Austria ) '' , Philharmonia Lviv
1978 births
Ukrainian conductors ( music )
Women conductors ( music )
21st-century conductors ( music )
People from Brody
Living people
21st-century women musicians
21st-century Ukrainian musicians
Stoke Gifford is a village and parish in South Gloucestershire , England , in the northern suburbs of Bristol . It had around 11,000 residents at the 2001 census , increasing to 15,494 at the 2011 census . It is home to Bristol Parkway station and Stoke Gifford depot , on the London-South Wales railway line , and the Bristol offices of Aviva which took over Friends Life in 2015 , Hewlett Packard and the University of the West of England . The parish includes neighbouring Little Stoke , Harry Stoke and Stoke Park . The parish borders Filton , to the south-west , Patchway to the north west , Bradley Stoke to the north and Winterbourne and Hambrook to the east . To the south Stoke Gifford is served by the Bristol Ring Road , south of this a large green area known as the 'Green Lung ' stretches to the inner city area of St Werburghs .
Descent of the manor
Giffard
Following the Norman Invasion of 1066 , William the Conqueror gave the manor of Stoke Gifford to Osbern Giffard , one of his knights . Giffard himself was a native of Longueville-le-Giffard , Normandy , now known as Longueville-sur-Scie , from which the 'Gifford ' suffix derives . The 'Stoke ' part of the name may come from the Stoke Brook , or may also be a reference to the Saxon word 'Stoche ' meaning 'property of or dependent farmstead ' . Bradley Stoke and Stoke Lodge , both 20th-century estates , were also given the name .
Extensive histories of Stoke Gifford can be found online .
Berkeley
The manor remained in the Giffard family until 1337 , when it was granted to Maurice de Berkeley ( died 1347 ) , 2nd son of Maurice de Berkeley , 2nd Baron Berkeley ( 1271–1326 ) . Thus was founded the long and distinguished cadet branch of `` Berkeley of Stoke Gifford '' . In 1553 a new late-Tudor manor house was built by Sir Richard Berkeley ( died 1604 ) , 7th in descent from Maurice de Berkeley ( died 1347 ) . It became known as Stoke Park , and was rebuilt in 1750 by Norborne Berkeley , 4th Baron Botetourt ( died 1770 ) , from a neo-classical design by Thomas Wright .
Governance
The area falls in the Stoke Gifford electoral ward . This ward starts in the east at Winterbourne . The total population of the ward taken at the 2011 census was 15,494 .
Local amenities
The Church of England parish church of St Michael 's is a Grade II * listed building .
The church runs a pre-school nursery in the old vicarage , and a small coffee shop in the Old Schoolrooms across The Green from the church , which backs onto Parkway railway station . Also in the local area are two parks , each with children 's play equipment ; a pair of tennis courts and a pub , the Beaufort Arms . There is a row of shops on Ratcliffe Drive including a Tesco Express , dentist and medical centre and few more shops on one of the roads off North Road . There are several large supermarkets within walking distance and most of the local children walk or cycle to nearby St Michael 's C of E Primary School & Abbeywood Community School .
Stoke Gifford Parish Council provoked national interest and condemnation in April 2016 when they resolved to charge parkrun runners a fee to use a park , resulting in the closure of the event in June 2016 .
Stoke Gifford Cricket Club in 2018 won the Bristol & District 30 over cricket league .
Expansion in the 20th century
Like much of the nearby area , Stoke Gifford undertook rapid expansion in the 20th century . Before the 1980s Stoke Gifford was just a small village , straggling along the main street , North Road .
The Old Schoolrooms hosts the Explorer Scouts , Scouts , Cub Scouts , Beaver Scouts and Brownies .
St Michael 's School was praised in the December 2008 report as `` ... a good school ... the care , guidance and support for pupils is outstanding . ''
In 2008 , a new pre-school and Nursery opened adjacent to Bristol Parkway because of population increases in the surrounding areas .
Bristol Technology and Engineering Academy , a university technical college , opened in Stoke Gifford in September 2013 . It merged with Abbeywood Community School in September 2022 .
References
External links
Stoke Gifford parish council
The History of Stoke Gifford
Villages in South Gloucestershire District
Civil parishes in Gloucestershire
Charley Toomey is an American lacrosse coach . He is currently the head coach for the Loyola Greyhounds men 's lacrosse team at Loyola University Maryland .
Playing career
He played for Loyola as a goalkeeper and helped bring them to the school 's first NCAA final in 1990 . He also played professionally for both the Baltimore Thunder and the original Boston Blazers , although he only played in three games during the two years he played .
Coaching career
As head coach of the Loyola Greyhounds , he led the team to win the NCAA D1 lacrosse championship on May 28 , 2012 , completing the year with an 18 and 1 record . The team 's one loss was to Johns Hopkins . Toomey was named the 2012 winner of the F. Morris Touchstone Award as the Division I Coach of the Year .
See also
Loyola Greyhounds men 's lacrosse
References
Awards
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
American lacrosse players
Loyola Greyhounds men 's lacrosse players
Navy Midshipmen men 's lacrosse coaches
Loyola Greyhounds men 's lacrosse coaches
National Lacrosse League players
Statistics of Guam League in the 1997 season .
Overview
Tumon Soccer Club won the championship .
References
RSSSF
Guam Soccer League seasons
Guam
Guam
football
Something in the Air is the second album from American country music singer Lila McCann . Her second and final album for Asylum Records , it was released in 1999 and it achieved RIAA gold certification . Four of its singles entered the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks ( now Hot Country Songs ) charts : `` With You '' ( # 9 ) , `` Crush '' ( # 41 ) , `` I Will Be '' ( # 47 ) and `` Kiss Me Now '' ( # 41 ) ; `` With You '' was also a hit on the Billboard Hot 100 peaking at number 41 , and became her first and only song to chart in the U.S .. `` You 're Gone '' was originally slated as the album 's first single , but was not released .
Track listing
`` With You '' ( Robin Lee Bruce , Matt Hendrix ) - 3:31
`` I Reckon I Will '' ( Lila McCann , Mark Spiro ) - 3:51
`` Kiss Me Now '' ( Gary Burr , Spiro ) - 4:01
`` I Will Be '' ( Bob Farrell , Tanya Leah ) - 3:59
`` Go Girl '' ( Don Schlitz , Spiro ) - 4:17
`` Rhymes With '' ( Mary Danna , Carolyn Dawn Johnson ) - 2:51
`` You 're Gone '' ( Steve Wariner , Bryan White ) - 3:58
`` Crush '' ( Cathy Majeski , Sunny Russ , Stephony Smith ) - 3:20
`` Something in the Air '' ( Michael Dulaney ) - 4:14
`` Hit by Love '' ( Trey Bruce , Rebecca Lynn Howard ) - 3:58
`` Can You Hear Me '' ( McCann , Spiro ) - 4:03
`` When You Walked into My Life '' ( Ty Lacy , Arnie Roman ) - 3:41
Personnel
Mike Brignardello - bass guitar
Larry Byrom - acoustic guitar
Eric Darken - percussion
Stuart Duncan - fiddle
Paul Franklin - steel guitar
Sonny Garrish - steel guitar
Vince Gill - background vocals
Rob Hajacos - fiddle
Aubrey Haynie - fiddle
John Hobbs - piano
Dann Huff - electric guitar
Paul Leim - drums
B. James Lowry - nylon string guitar
Lila McCann - lead vocals , background vocals
Terry McMillan - harmonica
Liana Manis - background vocals
Steve Nathan - keyboards , piano
Tim Pierce - electric guitar
Mark Spiro - background vocals
Steve Wariner - background vocals
Bryan White - background vocals
Dennis Wilson - background vocals
Lonnie Wilson - drums
Curtis Young - background vocals
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Notes
External links
Review at Country Standard Time
1999 albums
Asylum Records albums
Lila McCann albums
Joe Breeze ( born 1953 ) is an American bicycle framebuilder , designer and advocate from Marin County , California . An early participant in the sport of mountain biking , Breeze , along with other pioneers including Gary Fisher , Charlie Kelly , and Tom Ritchey , is known for his central role in developing the mountain bike . Breeze is credited with designing and building the first all-new mountain bikes , which riders colloquially called Breezers .
He built the prototype , known as Breezer # 1 , in 1977 and completed nine more Series I Breezers by early 1978 .
Breezer # 1 is now in the collection of the Smithsonian Institution 's National Museum of American History .
Breeze , a road bike racer through the 1970s , was among the fastest downhill racers at Repack , mountain biking 's seminal race held west of Fairfax , California . He won 10 of the 24 Repack races , which took place between 1976 and 1984 .
Breeze is a charter member of the Mountain Bike Hall of Fame ; he was inducted in 1988 .
Breeze developed mountain bike and road-racing bike designs through the 1980s and most of the 1990s , then focused his efforts on advocacy for bicycle transportation .
In the early 2000s he devoted his Breezer brand entirely to transportation , introducing in 2002 a line of bikes for everyday use , equipping them for local trips , errands in town and commuting .
In 2008 , Breeze sold the Breezer brand to Advanced Sports International and since then has worked for the company as Breezer frame designer , designing transportation bikes , road bikes and mountain bikes under the Breezer name .
Background
Breeze grew up in Mill Valley , California , at the foot of Mount Tamalpais , just north of San Francisco . He graduated from Tamalpais High School , which at the time had extensive technical training facilities . He studied architectural and engineering drafting there for four years . His father , Bill Breeze , was a machinist and owner of the Sports Car Center in Sausalito , California .
An avid cyclist at a time when cycling was not a common activity for adults in the US , Bill Breeze sometimes commuted to work by bicycle , and he shared with his son an appreciation for efficient , lightweight vehicles and for the bicycle as king of such vehicles . The two often discussed the properties of metals and technical aspects of bicycle design .
In 1974 Joe Breeze took a course in the art of bicycle framebuilding from Albert Eisentraut in Oakland , California , and began to build his own custom-tailored road racing frames , using his father 's machine shop at their home in Mill Valley . He also studied Machine and Metals Technology at College of Marin from 1974 to 1976 .
Breeze had taken up cycling seriously as a teenager in the late 1960s , sometimes going on rides of a few hundred miles . He so enjoyed cycling and saw such value in the bicycle as a vehicle , he wanted to spread the word . In 1970 he took up road-bike racing , figuring that publicity about races could show people how fast and far a bicycle could go . Breeze also studied bicycle history and while traveling for races he searched for early bicycles . He hoped to promote cycling by restoring and displaying examples from the 1890s , the high point of bicycle technology .
Development of the mountain bike
Joe Breeze raced road bikes throughout the 1970s , eventually racing in the top category .
By 1972 Breeze was also competing in cyclocross races and often rode on the trails of Mount Tamalpais .
In 1973 , he and Velo Club Tamalpais teammate Marc Vendetti were looking for fine early bikes and found a less elegant relic : a 1941 Schwinn-built balloon-tire bike . Vendetti had a few years earlier ridden similar 1930s-40s “ paper boy ” bikes on Tamalpais at the periphery of the mountain 's seminal group of off-road riders , the Larkspur Canyon Gang . Encouraged by Vendetti , Breeze bought the old fat-tire bike for $ 5 , stripped off its extraneous parts and rode it down Mount Tamalpais . He loved it .
Breeze , Vendetti and Velo Club Tamalpais teammate Otis Guy were soon riding Mount Tamalpais trails together regularly . They and other teammates including Gary Fisher , and other enthusiasts from Marin located old fat-tire “ ballooner ” bikes of many makes , used them off-road and settled on Schwinns built between 1937 and 1944 as the best . They would remove extraneous parts from the bikes , strip them down to their original paint and ride them on Marin 's rugged fire roads and trails .
Some , including Gary Fisher , added parts such as gears and derailleurs to their ballooners .
In 1976 Breeze began to compete in Repack races . A downhill time trial on fire roads in the hills west of Fairfax , California , Repack brought together riders from around Mount Tamalpais who stripped down older bikes for off-road use and fitted rugged parts to them . Repack served as a testing ground for off-road bikes .
The heavy old fat-tire bike frames , made of mild steel , were not standing up to the rigors of mountain biking . Breeze was asked by Charlie Kelly to build a mountain bike frame and in early 1977 Breeze agreed to do so .
While working on the design for the mountain bike , Breeze took orders to make mountain bikes for several other Marin County off-road cycling enthusiasts . He completed the prototype ( Breezer # 1 ) in Fall 1977 and rode it to victory at Repack .
Breeze finished nine more Breezer mountain bikes by June 1978 . He built up the bikes with all-new parts , which he sourced from around the world .
Those ten Breezer Series 1 bikes , made of chrome-moly alloy steel , are widely considered the first modern mountain bikes .
The first ten Breezer mountain bikes can be recognized by their twin lateral tubes , which Breeze included to stiffen the long frames for high-speed tracking .
Breeze revised his designs shortly after , and shared his ideas for the next generation of mountain bikes with other framebuilders , including Tom Ritchey ( of Palo Alto , 50 miles south of Marin ) who built his first mountain bike frames in 1979 .
Ritchey became the frame supplier to the Marin County company MountainBikes , founded in 1979 by Gary Fisher and Charlie Kelly .
The mountain bike 's progression from local San Francisco Bay Area builders to the larger industry was complete in Fall 1981 , when Specialized Bicycle Components introduced a lower-priced production mountain bike , the Specialized Stumpjumper , built in Japan and based on the Ritchey-built bikes sold by Fisher and Kelly .
Early mountain bike racing , events
Joe Breeze raced in 19 of the 24 Repack races , winning 10 times .
Twenty-two of the Repack races , downhill time trials organized and promoted by Charlie Kelly , were held from 1976 to 1979 . Repack is known as mountain biking 's first recorded competition . The last Repack race in 1979 was filmed by a TV crew for a San Francisco Bay Area news program , KPIX Evening Magazine .
That filmed account aired nationally , spreading the word about mountain biking to a larger audience . The Repack race was revived for two more runs , in 1983 and 1984 , becoming the first officially sanctioned downhill mountain bike race .
A mosaic tribute to Repack was installed in downtown Fairfax in 2013 .
In 1978 , Joe Breeze was one of five riders from Marin County to travel to Crested Butte , Colorado , to participate in the Pearl Pass Tour , a two-day , off-road ride from Crested Butte to Aspen , over 12,700 foot Pearl Pass . Joe Breeze , Charlie Kelly , and Wende Cragg rode their 1977 and 1978 Breezers , while the other participants , including Gary Fisher and Michael Castelli of Marin County and several Crested Butte residents , rode modified Schwinns from the 1930s to 1950s .
Crested Butte became an important destination for mountain biking ; the Pearl Pass Tour , founded in 1976 , is the sport 's longest running annual two-day event .
In 1983 , Breeze and several others founded NORBA ( National Off-Road Bicycle Association ) , the first sanctioning organization for off-road bicycle racing . Breeze designed the NORBA logo
and championed the rule requiring that racers do their own repairs during races . He maintained that a self-sufficiency rule for racing would ensure that manufacturers would keep their focus on durable bikes for all riders .
NORBA is now part of USA Cycling .
Breezer mountain and road bikes in the 1980s and 1990s
In 1980-81 Breeze built a second series of Breezer mountain bikes with oversize tubing in a diamond frame , and in 1982 to 1985 he built a third series . Breeze continued to develop and refine his mountain bike designs in the 1980s and 1990s .
In 1986 he designed the American Breezer , an aluminum mountain bike built in St . Cloud , Minnesota .
In the 1990s he designed a line of steel and aluminum Breezer bikes sold worldwide . Mountain bike models included the Breezer Lightning , Jet Stream , Thunder , Storm , Beamer , Twister , and Tornado .
The 1993 Breezer Venturi , a road bike , featured compact geometry ,
which later became standard in the industry .
Bicycle transportation
Breeze 's long-term interest has been to see more people using bicycles in everyday life and not only for recreation .
On a cycling trip in Europe in 1971 he saw excellent bicycle infrastructure in the Netherlands , and people of all ages using bikes for daily transportation ; this suggested possibilities for the United States that continued to inspire him through the mountain bike boom of the 1980s and 1990s .
Breeze has said that the mountain bike , being easy to ride and thus appealing to non-cyclists ,
`` got more Americans onto bikes than any other bike since the 1890s . ''
He observed in the 1990s , however , that as high-end mountain bike design ( including his own ) was geared increasingly toward race bikes , lower-priced mountain bikes followed suit and thus the bikes became less accessible to the masses . `` The mountain bike opened cycling up to a lot of people by being friendlier than road bikes , '' Breeze wrote in 1997 . `` Maybe it 's time for another bike to do that again . ''
His 1996 Breezer Ignaz X cruiser was the first bike he designed for town use .
( The bike 's name was a tribute to Ignaz Schwinn , the Schwinn Bicycle Company founder who popularized modern `` balloon '' tires in the 1930s , and also to the Schwinn Excelsior X bike that was the inspiration for much of Breeze 's early off-road riding . )
In the late 1990s Breeze devoted himself full-time to advocating for bicycle transportation , working with government agencies to make streets more bicycle-friendly and with grass-roots organizations to promote the bicycle as a practical mode of transportation . Transportation cycling , he said , addresses many issues at once : obesity , oil dependence , traffic congestion , global warming , lack of time for exercise .
He and other Marin County bicycle advocates visited Washington , DC to advocate for better cycling infrastructure and a national Safe Routes to School program .
For the Marin County Bicycle Coalition , he created in 1998 and periodically revises a detailed map of Marin 's current and potential bicycle routes .
Through the latter half of the 1990s , Breeze had been urging the U.S. bicycle industry to start producing bikes that non-athletes could use to get places in daily life .
In 2001 , still seeing a need in the United States for bikes fully equipped for errands and commutes , Breeze devoted his own Breezer brand to transportation . He introduced in 2002 a line of bikes designed for everyday , practical use that integrated fenders , racks , and generator lights .
With model names like Uptown , Villager , Citizen , Liberty and Greenway , these Breezer bikes were similar to European utility bikes in being fully equipped , but Breeze designed them to be lighter and more ergonomically efficient .
Since then the bicycle transportation sector , long a staple in other parts of the world , has become an important bicycle market in the United States .
In 2008 , Breeze sold his Breezer brand to Advanced Sports International of Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ,
and since then has worked for the company as Breezer frame designer . The arrangement allowed him to concentrate on design and product development and create more bikes for a wide range of purposes .
The company introduced Joe Breeze 's new line of Breezer mountain bikes in 2010 . Breeze 's current designs include transportation bikes , road bikes and mountain bikes .
Film ; museum collections and exhibits
Joe Breeze , along with many others involved in the early history of mountain bikes , was featured in the 2007 documentary film Klunkerz : A Film About Mountain Bikes .
Breezer # 1 ( 1977 ) was on display at the Oakland Museum , Cowell Hall of California History ,
from 1985 to 2011 .
In 2012 it became part of the collection of the Smithsonian National Museum of American History
in Washington , DC . Breezer # 2 ( 1978 ) , which Joe Breeze built for MountainBikes co-founder Charlie Kelly , is on display at the Mountain Bike Hall of Fame , part of the Marin Museum of Bicycling in Fairfax , California .
Breezer # 9 is on display at Shimano 's Bicycle Museum Cycle Center in Sakai City , Japan .
Several Breezer bikes from the 1980s and 1990s are in the collection of The Museum of Mountain Bike Art & Technology in Statesville , NC .
Breeze 's own 1982 ( Series 3 ) Breezer mountain bike is on display at the US Bicycling Hall of Fame in Davis , California .
A major exhibition on the history of the mountain bike in Northern California , at San Francisco International Airport 's SFO Museum ( July 2012 to February 2013 ) ,
displayed 27 bikes and many related artifacts . The show was called `` From Repack to Rwanda : The Origins , Evolution , and Global Reach of the Mountain Bike . '' Included were Joe Breeze 's 1941 Schwinn-built BF Goodrich
modified by Breeze in 1973 for off-road riding , and Breezer # 6 ,
built by Joe Breeze in 1977-78 for rider-photographer Wende Cragg .
Joe Breeze , Otis Guy , Marc Vendetti and others are co-founders of the Marin Museum of Bicycling in Fairfax , California , which opened to the public in June 2015 . Joe Breeze is Curator of the museum , which displays bicycles from the late 1860s to the present and functions as a cycling cultural center .
External links
Breezer Bikes
Joe 's page on the MTB Hall of Fame
Fat Tire Flyer , a book about the first mountain bikes by Charlie Kelly
Klunkerz : A Film About Mountain Bikes Joe Breeze bio
Marin Museum of Bicycling
Repack History by Joe Breeze
References
1953 births
Living people
Cycle designers
Folding bicycles
Mountain bike innovators
Sportspeople from the San Francisco Bay Area
Cycling in the San Francisco Bay Area
People from Mill Valley , California
Tamalpais High School alumni
John Philip Burrows ( born 1954 ) FRS is professor of the Physics of the Ocean and Atmosphere and Director of the Institutes of Environmental Physics and Remote Sensing at the University of Bremen . He is also a Fellow of the Centre for Ecology and Hydrology ( CEH ) , part of the Natural Environment Research Council ( NERC ) .
Education
Burrows was educated at West Park Grammar School in St Helens , Merseyside . He went on to study at Trinity College , Cambridge , where he was awarded a Bachelor of Arts degree in Natural Sciences in 1975 followed by a PhD in 1978 for research investigating free radical reactions by laser magnetic resonance supervised by Brian Arthur Thrush .
Career
Following his PhD , Burrows was a postdoctoral researcher at the Center for Astrophysics Harvard & Smithsonian in Cambridge , Massachusetts . From 1979 to 1982 he worked at the Atomic Energy Research Establishment ( AERE ) in Harwell followed by ten years at the Max Planck Institute for Chemistry in Mainz . He was appointed a Professor at the University of Bremen in 1992 where he has worked since .
Research
Burrows ' research has contributed to our scientific understanding of air pollution , the ozone layer , the upper atmosphere , biogeochemistry and climate change . He and his co-workers have studied the kinetics and spectroscopy of key atmospheric free radicals and gases , developed innovative in situ trace atmospheric measurement techniques , and pioneered the passive remote sensing of atmospheric constituents and surface parameters . Working closely with the German Aerospace Center ( DLR ) , the European Space Agency ( ESA ) and NASA , he initiated and led scientifically the SCIAMACHY project , which resulted in the satellite based measurements of the instruments Global Ozone Monitoring Experiment ( GOME ) on ESA ERS-2 ( 1995-2011 ) , SCIAMACHY on ESA Envisat ( 2002 -2012 ) , GOME-2 on EUMETSAT Metop Series ( 2006-2022 ) , and the concepts GeoSCIA/GeoTROPE , now developed as European Union Copernicus Programme Sentinel 4 , and CarbonSat/CarbonSat Constellation .
Awards and honours
Burrows is a fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science ( AAAS ) , American Geophysical Union ( AGU ) , the International Union of Geodesy and Geophysics ( IUGG ) , the Centre for Ecology and Hydrology and member of IAA . His research accolades include being awarded the following : the Committee on Space Research ( COSPAR ) William Nordberg Medal in 2006 , the NASA Group Achievement Award in 2008 , the Journal of Quantitative Spectroscopy & Radiative Transfer ( JQSRT ) Milestone Paper Award in 2010 , Haagen-Smit Prize 2012 , EGU Vilhelm Bjerknes Medal 2013 , IUGG Silver Medal IUGG 2015 , and the Alfred Wegener Medal EGU 2016 . Burrows was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society ( FRS ) in 2016 .
References
Living people
Fellows of the Royal Society
Alumni of Trinity College , Cambridge
University of Bremen faculty
British geophysicists
1954 births
Big Gucci Sosa is a collaborative mixtape by Chicago-based rapper Chief Keef and Atlanta-based rapper Gucci Mane . The mixtape was released on October 31 , 2014 , by 1017 Records and Glo Gang . It features production from Mike WiLL Made-It , Drumma Boy , Metro Boomin , Honorable C.N.O.T.E. , DJ Spinz , Dun Deal , and members of the 808 Mafia .
Track listing
Critical reception
Big Gucci Sosa received mixed reviews from critics . David Drake of Pitchfork described the mixtape as `` parachuting Keef verses into the one-dimensional pulp-gangster formula that 's been Gucci Mane 's collaborative stock in trade since 2011 , '' but praised the mixtape 's production and Chief Keef 's rapping . Matt Moretti of Buffablog described Gucci Mane as `` the trap legend , '' but called Chief Keef 's rapping `` less than perfect , '' rating the album a B .
References
Chief Keef albums
Gucci Mane albums
2014 mixtape albums
Donghe Township ( ) is a township in Lancang Lahu Autonomous County , Yunnan , China . As of the 2017 census it had a population of 11,115 and an area of .
Etymology
The name of `` Donghe '' named is after the `` Dong River '' ( ) , which flows through the region .
Administrative division
As of 2016 , the township is divided into seven villages :
Banggna ( )
Hebian ( )
Dalaba ( )
Nandai ( )
Donghe ( )
Zhabu ( )
Xiaotang ( )
History
In the Republic of China ( 1912-1949 ) , it belonged to Daling Township ( ) .
After establishment of the Communist State , it was merged into Dashan District ( ) . It was demerged from Donghe District ( ) in 1984 . It was incorporated officially as a township in 1988 .
Geography
It lies at the northern of Lancang Lahu Autonomous County , bordering Nanling Township to the southwest , Fubang Township to the west , ianliu Yi Ethnic Township to the south and east , Shangyun to the northwest , and Dashan Township to the northeast .
The Dong River ( ) and Laba River ( ) flow through the township .
Economy
The principal industries in the area are agriculture . Significant crops include grain , corn , wheat , tea , and fruit .
Demographics
As of 2017 , the National Bureau of Statistics of China estimates the township 's population now to be 11,115 .
References
Bibliography
Townships of Pu'er City
Divisions of Lancang Lahu Autonomous County
The Journal of Psychopathology and Behavioral Assessment is a quarterly peer-reviewed psychology journal covering psychological assessment as it relates to psychopathology and abnormal behaviors . It was established in 1979 as the Journal of Behavioral Assessment , obtaining its current name in 1985 . It is published by Springer Science+Business Media and the editor-in-chief is Randall Salekin ( University of Alabama ) . According to the Journal Citation Reports , the journal has a 2019 impact factor of 2.056 .
References
External links
Springer Science+Business Media academic journals
Abnormal psychology journals
Publications established in 1979
Quarterly journals
English-language journals
Psychopathology
Drunk is the third studio album by American musician Thundercat . It was released on February 24 , 2017 by Brainfeeder . It features guest appearances from Kenny Loggins , Michael McDonald , Kendrick Lamar , Wiz Khalifa , Mac Miller , and Pharrell . It is his first studio album in nearly four years , his last studio album being Apocalypse . Drunk received positive reviews from music critics . A ChopNotSlop remix from OG Ron C , DJ Candlestick , & The Chopstars entitled 'Drank ' was released as a special edition purple vinyl record .
Critical reception
Drunk received general praise from music critics . On the review aggregator website Metacritic the album received an aggregate score of 80 based on 26 reviews indicating `` generally favourable reviews '' . Aggregator AnyDecentMusic ? gave it 7.9 out of 10 , based on their assessment of the critical consensus .
In a strongly positive review for Exclaim ! , Daniel Sylvester praised Bruner 's groove and ability to seemingly shift through song to song while changing a few things , but keeping that groove going well .
Accolades
Track listing
Personnel
Stephen `` Thundercat '' Bruner – vocals , bass , programming
Miguel Atwood-Ferguson – strings
S. Burris – synth-bass
Zane Carney – guitar
Louis Cole – drums , keyboards , programming , `` basically everything ''
Kevin `` Daddy Kev '' Moo – mastering
Charles `` Mono/Poly '' Dickerson – keyboards , programming
Steven `` Flying Lotus '' Ellison – mixing , additional production , synthesizer , programming
Taylor Graves – keyboards , programming
Dennis Hamm – keyboards , piano , synthesizers
Kendrick Lamar – vocals
Kenny Loggins – vocals
Michael McDonald – vocals , keyboards
Harry Rabin – engineer
Mac Miller – vocals
Deantoni Parks – drums
Zack Sekoff – programming
Mark `` Sounwave '' Spears – production
Cameron `` Wiz Khalifa '' Thomaz – vocals
Kamasi Washington – saxophone
Pharrell Williams – vocals
Charts
References
External links
2017 albums
Brainfeeder albums
Thundercat ( musician ) albums
Albums produced by Thundercat ( musician )
Albums produced by Flying Lotus
Albums produced by Sounwave
The pale-crested woodpecker ( Celeus lugubris ) is a species of bird in the family Picidae , the woodpeckers and allies . It is found in central Bolivia and the Pantanal region of southwestern Brazil ; also in central Paraguay and the border region of northern Argentina .
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests .
References
External links
Pale-crested woodpecker videos on the Internet Bird Collection
Pale-crested woodpecker photo gallery VIREO
Photo-High Res
pale-crested woodpecker
Birds of Bolivia
Birds of the Pantanal
Birds of Paraguay
pale-crested woodpecker
pale-crested woodpecker
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The 2015–16 The Citadel Bulldogs basketball team represented The Citadel , The Military College of South Carolina in the 2015–16 NCAA Division I men 's basketball season . The Bulldogs were led by first year head coach Duggar Baucom and played their home games at McAlister Field House . Baucom was previously the head coach at military rival VMI . They again played as a member of the Southern Conference , as they have since 1936–37 . They finished the season 10–22 , 3–15 in SoCon play to finish in last place . They lost in the first round of the SoCon Tournament to Mercer .
Preseason
With the hiring of Duggar Baucom as head coach , The Citadel adopted a more up-tempo style , similar to that which Baucom used at VMI . This is in stark contrast to the slow , deliberate pace employed in recent seasons by previous coach Chuck Driesell . A large turnover in personnel resulted , with several early commits deciding to go elsewhere , and several of Baucom 's recruits at VMI following him to Charleston . Baucom also landed two graduate students who transferred to The Citadel to play their final year of eligibility .
The Bulldogs were picked to finish 9th in the 10 team Southern Conference by both the media and coaches .
Departures
Aside from three seniors , The Citadel also lost freshman guard Jake Wright to transfer . Coach Baucom landed two recruits , who signed National Letters of Intent on April 20 , 2015 .
Recruiting
Roster
P. J. Boutte was dismissed from the team for a violation of team rules just prior to the Bulldogs ' appearance in the first round of the Southern Conference Tournament .
Schedule
|-
! colspan=8 style= '' '' |Exhibition
|-
! colspan=8 style= '' '' |Regular season
|-
! colspan=8 style= '' '' |
References
The Citadel Bulldogs basketball seasons
Citadel
Citadel Bulldogs bask
Citadel Bulldogs bask
Francisco Naranjilla ( 5 June 1932 – May 2003 ) was a Filipino archer . He competed in the men 's individual event at the 1972 Summer Olympics .
References
External links
1932 births
2003 deaths
Filipino male archers
Olympic archers of the Philippines
Archers at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing
The 2018 Kite Awards ( Vietnamese : Giải Cánh diều 2018 ) is the 26th edition of Vietnam Cinema Association Awards , also the 17th edition since the award is officially named Kite . It honored the best in Vietnam film , television works of 2018 . The ceremony was broadcast live on April 12 , 2019 , from the Army Theatre in Southern Region , Tân Bình District , Ho Chi Minh City beginning at 20:00 . The ceremony aired live on VTV2 channel in Vietnam .
This year , a total of 144 film works from 50 film production units participated in the award , including : 14 feature films , 10 TV drama series , 3 TV single-episode drama , 61 documentaries , 14 science films , 14 animated films , 26 short films and two film studies . The organizers accept remake films based on foreign scripts , except for the best screenplay category . The shortlist of nominees was announced in the award ceremony right before the winner was declared .
My Mr . Wife were the most nominated with four , later ended up winning three , including Golden Kite Award for Best Feature Film . In television , Quỳnh the Doll and Across the River tied for the Golden Kite Award . Across the River were the most nominated with three .
Winner and nominees
Winners are listed first , highlighted in boldface , with a dagger ( ) indicating the shortlist nominees for the Golden Kite .
Highlighted title indicates Golden Kite for the Best Film/Drama/Study winner ( s ) .
Highlighted title indicates Silver Kite for the Second Best Film/Drama/Study winner ( s ) .
Highlighted title indicates Film/Drama/Study ( s ) received the Certificate of Merit .
Other nominees
Feature film
Multiple wins
The following films received multiple wins :
Multiple nominations
The following films received multiple nominations :
Television film
Multiple wins
The following films received multiple wins :
Multiple nominations
The following films received multiple nominations :
Animated film
Multiple wins
The following films received multiple wins :
Documentary film
Multiple wins
The following films received multiple wins :
Science film
Multiple wins
The following films received multiple wins :
Short film
Film critic/theory research
Ceremony
Presenters
The following individuals presented awards at the ceremony :
Actor/model Bình Minh and singer/actress Cao Mỹ Kim with Best Supporting Actress/Actor - Television film
Event organizer Đoàn Thúy Phương and actor Quyền Linh with Best Leading Actor/Actress - Television film
Cinematographer Lý Thái Dũng and actress Khả Như with Golden Kite for Best Short film
Director Lê Hồng Chương and actress Hạnh Thúy with Golden Kite for Best Documentary film & Best Science film
Director Nguyễn Việt Hùng and singer Mi Trần with Best Director and Best Cinematography - Documentary film
Director Nguyễn Như Vũ and actress Phạm Phương Hạnh with Best Director and Best Cinematography - Science film
Director Đặng Lưu Việt Bảo and actress Xuân Văn with Best Director and Best Cinematography - Television film
Director/animator Nguyễn Hà Bắc and actress Lý Kim Dung with Best Achievements in Animated film category ( Film , Director , Animator )
MC Hồng Phúc and MC Thùy Linh with Golden Kite for Best Film critic/theory research works
Composer Phó Đức Phương and singer Ái Phương with Best Original Score and Best Sound - Feature film
Bamboo Airways representative Bùi Quang Dũng ( sponsor ) and actress Dương Cẩm Lynh with Best Supporting Actress/Actor - Feature film
Director Nguyễn Thanh Vân and actress Hồng Ánh with Best Leading Actress/Actor - Feature film
Cinematographer Nguyễn K'Linh and actress Trương Ngọc Ánh with Best Cinematography and Best Art Design - Feature film
Director Đào Bá Sơn and actress Minh Châu with Best Director - Feature film
Screenwriter Nguyễn Thị Hồng Ngát and cinematographer Trần Quốc Dũng with Best Screenplay - Television film and Feature film
VNPT - Vinaphone representative Trần Minh Dũng ( companion brand ) and journalist Đinh Trọng Tuấn with Golden Kite for Best Drama
Deputy Minister of Culture , Sports and Tourism Lê Quang Tùng and actress Trà Giang with Golden Kite for Best Feature film
Performers
The following individuals performed at the ceremony :
Singer Ái Phương with the song Nếu anh yêu em
Giao Thời group with the song Ngày mới
Singer Viết Nguyễn with the song Trạng Quỳnh
In Memoriam
At the beginning of the awards ceremony , the organizers took time to honor two People 's Artists as follows on the occasion of 66 years of Vietnamese Revolutionary Cinema :
Cinematographer Nguyễn Thế Đoàn
Cinematographer Phạm Khắc
Controversy
My Mr . Wife '' 's surprise victory over Song Lang ''
If for comparison , the script `` My Mr . Wife '' is still based on a foreign background , giving the film a Golden Kite is a bit `` generous '' . Meanwhile , `` Song Lang '' with the original script written by a Vietnamese author , which is a rare film that harmonizes both entertainment and art elements , was only ranked silver . Many judges felt sorry for Song Lang , who suggested that if the silver prize was awarded , no other film would be awarded the same level , to show respect for the young director 's professional efforts .
Pressure on the Jury of TV category
According to Tuổi Trẻ 's source , `` Quỳnh the Doll '' is better than `` Across the River '' by less than a point , will automatically win the Golden Kite . But after that , the jury were constantly under pressure to re-mark . The ones making pressure even used the reason that `` Quỳnh the Doll '' had a sensitive topic , so it should be given just the Silver Kite , and let `` Across the River '' won the Golden Kite .
However , the jury still holds the view that once a drama is allowed to air , then it is legal . In the morning meeting on April 12 , 100 % of the jury members for the TV category decided to defend their opinions , disagreeing to downgrade this drama to Silver Kite .
See also
5th Hanoi International Film Festival
38th National Television Festival
2018 VTV Awards
Notes
References
External links
Thế Giới Điện Ảnh Online – Official Vietnam Cinema Association Magazine
Vietnamese film awards
Kite Awards
Kite Awards
2018 in Vietnam
2018 in Vietnamese television
Francis Macdonald ( born 11 September 1970 ) drums with Teenage Fanclub . He makes music for filmmakers and TV and manages Camera Obscura and The Vaselines .
On 30 March 2015 , he released Music For String Quartet , Piano And Celeste , described by Classic FM as `` sublime , minimalist classical music '' . It debuted at Number 12 in the Official Classical Artists Album Chart and ad Number 3 in the Official Specialist Classical Chart .
The album was recorded at Mogwai 's Castle Of Doom Studios in Glasgow and features a quartet from the Scottish Ensemble .
Career
Macdonald recorded a solo album called Sauchiehall & Hope - A Pop Opera under the pseudonym `` Nice Man '' and The Art of Hanging Out as `` Nice Man and the Bad Boys '' . In 2011 , he recorded two digital albums of instrumental music - Maculate Conceptions and Maculate Conceptions Volume 2 on Garageband on his Mac computer during a Teenage Fanclub tour of Europe . All of these albums are available online .
He runs Shoeshine Records / Spit & Polish in Glasgow . He has co-produced albums by Aaron Wright , Attic Lights and Aaron Fyfe .
Other artists with whom he has worked include : Kevin Ayers , Kim Fowley , Robert Forster , Dan Penn , Alex Chilton , John Herald , Chip Taylor , Ben Vaughn , Laura Cantrell , Kate Rusby , Belle & Sebastian , Looper , Future Pilot A.K.A. , The Hermit Crabs , The Pastels , Radio Sweethearts , Michael Shelley , Cheeky Monkey , Frank Blake , Speeder , Astro Chimp , BMX Bandits , Attic Lights and Harry Pye .
References
Scottish rock drummers
British male drummers
1970 births
Living people
Teenage Fanclub members
21st-century drummers
21st-century British male musicians
Allison Glazebrook ( born 1966 ) is Professor of Greek Social and Cultural History , Gender and Sexuality , and Greek Oratory at Brock University . She was President of the Classical Association of Canada 2018–20 .
Education and early career
Glazebrook undertook her BA at the University of Alberta before completing her MA at Queen 's University at Kingston and her PhD at the University at Buffalo . Glazebrook taught at Stanford University before joining Brock University in 2003 .
Work
Glazebrook 's work focuses on Greek social history , working in particular on sexuality and gender . She is well known for her work on prostitutes in Athens and commented in 2019 that : `` In part , my work is a reaction to scholarship that idealizes the ancient hetaira , and attempts to look at how prostitution affected the lives of women across ancient Athenian society . '' Glazebrook was the 2019 Visiting Speaker for the Western Tour ( Manitoba , Alberta and British Columbia ) of the Classical Association of Canada .
The Canadian Embassy in Athens invited Glazebrook to deliver three lectures on working women in ancient Athens in celebration of International Women 's Day 2019 .
From 2018 to 2020 Glazebrook was the President of the Classical Association of Canada , and now serves as Past President ( 2020-2022 ) .
Select publications
ed . with Christina Vester ( 2017 ) Themes in Greek Society and Culture : An Introduction to Ancient Greece ( New York : Oxford University Press )
ed . with Barbara Tsakirgis ( 2016 ) Houses of Ill Repute : The Archaeology of Brothels , Houses , and Taverns in the Greek World ( Philadelphia : University of Pennsylvania Press )
`` Prostitutes , Plonk , and Play : Female Banqueters on a Red-figure Psykter from the Hermitage '' Classical World Volume 105 , Number 4 , Summer 2012 pp . 497–524
ed . with Madeleine M. Henry ( 2011 ) Greek Prostitutes in the Ancient Mediterranean , 800 BCE to 200 CE ( Wisconsin studies in classics . Madison : University of Wisconsin Press )
`` Prostituting Female Kin ( Plut . Sol . 23.1-2 ) '' Dike 8 pp . 33–53
References
External links
Staff page for Allison Glazebrook at Brock University
Allison Glazebrook on WorldCat
Interview with Allison Glazebrook about Classics and Women 's Studies at Brock University
Canadian classical scholars
Brock University faculty
Living people
University of Alberta alumni
Queen 's University at Kingston alumni
University at Buffalo alumni
1966 births
Kaliyugam is a 1973 Indian Malayalam film , directed by K. S. Sethumadhavan and produced by M. O. Joseph . The film stars Sudheer , Bahadoor , Jayabharathi , KPAC Lalitha , Adoor Bhasi and Muthukulam Raghavan Pillai in the lead roles . The film had musical score by G. Devarajan .
Cast
Sudheer
Bahadoor
Jayabharathi
KPAC Lalitha
Adoor Bhasi
Muthukulam Raghavan Pillai
Sankaradi
Sreelatha Namboothiri
T. R. Omana
Pala Thankam
Paravoor Bharathan
Philomina
Ponjikkara Kalyani Amma
S. A. Fareed
S. P. Pillai
Sreenu
Sujatha
Soundtrack
The music was composed by G. Devarajan and the lyrics were written by Vayalar .
References
External links
1973 films
1970s Malayalam-language films
Films directed by K. S. Sethumadhavan
Mary Read ( 1685 – 28 April 1721 ) , also known as Mark Read , was an English pirate . She and Anne Bonny are two famous female pirates from 18th century , and among the few women known to have been convicted of piracy at the height of the `` Golden Age of Piracy '' .
Read was born in England in 1685 . She began dressing as a boy at a young age , at first at her mother 's urging in order to receive inheritance money and then as a teenager in order to join the British military . She then married and upon her husband 's death moved to the West Indies around 1715 . In 1720 she met Jack Rackham and joined his crew , dressing as a man alongside Anne Bonny . Her time as a pirate was successful but short lived , as she , Bonny and Rackham were arrested in November 1720 . Although Rackham was swiftly executed , both Read and Bonny claimed to be pregnant and received delayed sentences . Read died of a fever in April 1721 , likely due to complications from the pregnancy .
Early life
Mary Read was born in the Kingdom of England in 1685 . Her mother had married a sailor and had a son . After her husband disappeared at sea , Mary 's mother became pregnant after an extramarital love affair . Read 's mother attempted to hide the pregnancy by going to live with friends in the country . Shortly thereafter , her son died , and she gave birth to Mary . In financial distress , her mother decided to disguise Mary as her dead son , in order to receive monetary support from her late husband 's mother . The grandmother was apparently fooled , and mother and daughter lived on the inheritance into Mary 's teen years . Dressed as a boy , Read found work as a foot-boy , and , then , employment on a ship .
She later joined the British military , which was allied with Dutch forces against the French ( this could have been during the Nine Years War or during the War of the Spanish Succession ) . Read , in male disguise , proved herself through battle , but fell in love with a Flemish soldier . When they married , she used their military commission and gifts from intrigued brethren in arms to acquire an inn named `` De drie hoefijzers '' ( `` The Three Horseshoes '' ) near Breda Castle in The Netherlands .
Upon her husband 's early death , Read resumed male dress and military service in the Netherlands . With peace , there was no room for advancement , so she quit and boarded a ship bound for the West Indies .
Becoming a pirate
Read 's ship was taken by pirates , whom she willingly joined . She accepted the King 's pardon c. 1718–1719 , then took a commission to privateer , but joined the crew in mutiny . In 1720 she joined pirate John `` Calico Jack '' Rackham and his companion , Anne Bonny , who both believed her to be a man . On 22 August 1720 , the three stole an armed sloop named William from port in Nassau . Scholars are uncertain how female pirates like Read and Bonny concealed their sex in a male-dominated environment . Some scholars , however , have theorized that the wearing of breeches by female pirates may have been either a method of hiding their identity or simply as practical clothing that solidified their working place on board the ship among the other seamen .
When Bonny told Read that she was a woman because she was attracted to her , Read revealed that she too was a woman . To abate the jealousy of her lover , Rackham , who suspected romantic involvement between the two , Bonny told him that Read was a woman . Speculation over the relationship between Bonny and Read led to images depicting the two in battle together .
A victim of the pirates , Dorothy Thomas , left a description of Read and Bonny : They `` wore men 's jackets , and long trousers , and handkerchiefs tied about their heads : and ... each of them had a machete and pistol in their hands and they cursed and swore at the men to murder her [ Dorothy Thomas ] . '' Thomas also recorded that she knew that they were women , `` from the largeness of their breasts . ''
Capture and imprisonment
On 15 November 1720 , pirate hunter Captain Jonathan Barnet took Rackham 's crew by surprise , while they hosted a rum party with another crew of Englishmen at Negril Point off the west coast of the Colony of Jamaica . After a volley of fire disabled the pirate vessel , Rackham 's crew and their `` guests '' fled to the hold , leaving only the women and one other to fight Barnet 's boarding party ( it is also possible that Rackham and his crew were too drunk to fight ) . Allegedly , Read angrily shot into the hold , killing one , and wounding others , when the men would not come up and fight with them . Barnet 's crew eventually overcame the women . Rackham surrendered , requesting `` quarter '' .
Rackham and his crew were arrested and brought to trial in what is now Spanish Town , Jamaica , where they were sentenced to hang for acts of piracy , as were Read and Bonny . However , the women claimed they were both `` quick with child '' ( known as `` pleading the belly '' ) , and received temporary stays of execution .
Read died of a violent fever while in prison . Her 28 April 1721 burial is in the records of St. Catherine 's church in Jamaica . There is no record of the burial of her baby , suggesting that she may have died while pregnant .
In popular culture
A fictionalized version of Mary Read appears in the 2013 video game Assassin 's Creed IV : Black Flag and is voiced by Olivia Morgan . She poses as James Kidd , the illegitimate son of Captain William Kidd , and is a member of the Assassin Order .
The 2006 TV film True Caribbean Pirates featured Mary Read portrayed by Kimberly Adair .
The 1961 Italian film Le avventure di Mary Read told the story of Mary Read , who was portrayed by Lisa Gastoni .
Mary Read is also portrayed in the Detective Conan animated film Jolly Roger in the Deep Azure along with Anne Bonny .
Mary Read is a playable character in Fate/Grand Order as a Rider-class and an Archer-class Servant along with Anne Bonny ; they are voiced by Ayako Kawasumi ( Bonny ) and Ai Nonaka ( Read ) .
Read ( Cara Roberts ) introduces herself to Anne Bonny under the name of Mark Read in the final episode of Black Sails .
Mary Read is featured in the song `` The Ballad of Mary Read and Anne Bonny '' by the Baja Brigade .
Mary Read is featured in the song `` Under the Flag of Mary Read '' by Italian metal band Secret Sphere .
Mary Read and Anne Bonny are featured in the song `` Five Guns West '' by Adam and the Ants .
Mary Read and Anne Bonny are featured in the novel The Unbinding of Mary Reade by Miriam McNamara .
Mary Read appears with Anne Bonny as the primary protagonist in the Well-Behaved Women series of books .
Read appears with Bonny and Rackham in the Audible serial podcast Hell Cats , by Carina Rodney .
Sculpture
A wood sculpture , believed to be from the 18th century , of Mary Read is fixed to the front elevation of the 18th-century The Earle Arms public house in Heydon , Norfolk .
In 2020 a statue of Read and Bonny was unveiled at Execution Dock in Wapping , London . It is planned to eventually bring the statue to Burgh Island in south Devon .
See also
Women in piracy
John Bear
References
External links
General History of the Pyrates
Mary Read article at woa.tv
Return to Pirate Island , Simon , Ed , JSTOR Daily , August 4 , 2021 with several references
1685 births
1721 deaths
18th-century English people
17th-century English women
17th-century English people
18th-century English women
18th-century pirates
Female duellists
Female pirates
Female-to-male cross-dressers
Sailors from London
Prisoners who died in British detention
English prisoners sentenced to death
English people who died in prison custody
Prisoners who died in Jamaican detention
British pirates
Female wartime cross-dressers
Women in the British military
Date of birth unknown
British female criminals
Female
English duellists
Pardoned pirates
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Porter County , Indiana .
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Porter County , Indiana , United States . Latitude and longitude coordinates are provided for many National Register properties and districts ; these locations may be seen together in a map .
There are 37 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county , including 1 National Historic Landmark .
Properties and districts located in incorporated areas display the name of the municipality , while properties and districts in unincorporated areas display the name of their civil township . Properties and districts split between multiple jurisdictions display the names of all jurisdictions .
Current listings
| }
See also
List of National Historic Landmarks in Indiana
National Register of Historic Places listings in Indiana
Listings in neighboring counties : Berrien ( MI ) , Jasper , Lake , LaPorte , Starke
List of Indiana state historical markers in Porter County
References
Porter County
Eye-Sys ( pronounced like “ Isis ” ) is a general-purpose commercial visualization application . It was developed by Interactive Data Visualization , Inc. ( IDV ) , developers of the SpeedTree video game middleware . Eye-Sys development was partially funded by the U.S. Navy 's Small Business Innovation Research ( SBIR ) program , and guided and administered by the Joint Warfare Analysis Center ( JWAC ) .
Prior to commercial release , Lockheed Martin selected Eye-Sys for use in their performance of DARPA 's Integrated Crisis Early Warning System ( ICEWS ) project . Other pre-release uses included visualizations for MIT and the Naval Surface Warfare Center ( NSWC ) .
Eye-Sys was released commercially in November 2007 .
Overview
Eye-Sys is a Windows-based software application designed to gather data from disparate sources , manipulate that data in real-time as necessary , and use that data to drive interactive , real-time visualizations on consumer-level personal computers .
Using an extensible open architecture , Eye-Sys allows users to create interactive visualizations with data from a combination of sources such as text files , spreadsheets , databases , geographic data , real-time data from a network , and custom modeling and simulation output via a COM interface .
Other Eye-Sys features include :
Visual programming support ( visualizations are built by a series of interlinked , configurable objects )
C++/.NET SDK for writing new objects .
JScript support at a global and object level .
Real-time interaction with visualizations .
Interoperability with other applications ( e.g . Simulink ) .
Sandbox
Visualization systems in Eye-Sys are defined primarily through a visual programming area called the sandbox . The systems are driven by data imported from user-specified sources ( like text files or databases ) which can be manipulated by script objects and fed into display objects that render the data graphically .
Visualizations are defined through a visual program created in the sandbox by linking together nodes of various types . The four basic types of Eye-Sys nodes are :
Input Objects : Input objects are responsible for gathering data . In most cases that means pulling data in from external sources such as text files and databases .
Manipulators : Manipulators modify data that has already been imported or generated . They range from simple arithmetic expressions to complex scripts .
Display Objects : These render data-driven visualization components ( e.g. , 3D models , geometric primitives , ESRI shapefiles , etc . ) arranged in a scene graph .
Display Systems : Display system objects manage the rendering of data and/or display objects and process user interaction .
Visualization Display & Output
Eye-Sys visualizations are displayed through its display system objects . Display systems facilitate both display and user interaction with a particular visualization , be it a 3D scene , plotter , control panel or other . There is no limit to the number of display systems that can be instantiated in Eye-Sys .
Eye-Sys can also export images and movies from its display systems .
Scripting
Eye-Sys supports scripting using JScript . Most of the functionality available to the user is available in functions exposed to the scripting engine . Scripts also have access to numerous SDK functions that help with object creation , modification , and connectivity .
Scripting functionality is available as both global scripts and script objects . Global scripts can be used to modify the overall visualization system or any object or objects in it . Script objects ( implemented as manipulator objects ) are used to affect data flow between objects ( e.g . one might write a script to filter incoming data ) .
Plug-Ins & SDK
Each of the objects in Eye-Sys is loaded and instantiated through a plugin system ( a series of Windows DLLs , each one representing a different object ) . The Eye-Sys SDK allows users to write their own plug-ins that can interoperate with the other objects in the library . Objects can be written in C++ or a .NET language . The SDK has an AppWizard for C++-based plug-ins and works only with Visual Studio 2005 .
External Control
Eye-Sys provides a set of built-in COM interfaces which can be used to access the internal functionality of the application . These interfaces are utilized by the different scripting options Eye-Sys provides as well as any external applications ( e.g . Simulink ) that can communicate with Eye-Sys .
Using this interface , Eye-Sys can be used to visualize data from another application in real-time . Because it can be a two-way interface , Eye-Sys can be used to feed data back into the linked application ( e.g . using a control panel in Eye-Sys to affect the live simulation feeding Eye-Sys data ) .
References
External links
https : //web.archive.org/web/20080114011620/http : //www.eye-sys.com/ Official Eye-Sys site
http : //www.idvinc.com Official IDV , Inc. site
Data visualization software
Richard Dale Nichols ( April 29 , 1926 – March 7 , 2019 ) was an American banker and politician who served one-term as the U.S. representative from Kansas 's 5th congressional district .
Life and career
Born in Fort Scott , Kansas , Nichols attended the public schools . He earned his B.S . from Kansas State University in 1951 , after serving as an ensign in the United States Navy from 1944 to 1947 .
Nichols was informational counsel to the Kansas State Board of Agriculture , served as associate farm director of radio and television stations in Topeka , Kansas , and was agricultural representative of a bank in Hutchinson , Kansas . From 1969 until he resigned in 1990 after being elected to Congress , Nichols served as president and chairman of the board of Home State Bank in McPherson , Kansas .
He served as a member of the Kansas State Republican Executive Committee , was a delegate to the 1988 Republican National Convention , and was the Republican Party chair for the Fifth Congressional District from 1986 to 1990 .
In July 1986 , Nichols and his wife were stabbed by an insane man aboard the Staten Island Ferry while a touring New York City . He fully recovered from his wounds and was visited by Mayor Ed Koch in the hospital .
Nichols was elected as a Republican to the One Hundred Second Congress ( January 3 , 1991 – January 3 , 1993 ) , representing Kansas 's 5th congressional district . He narrowly beat future FDIC Chairwoman Sheila Bair in a 6-way Republican primary . In the reapportionment following the 1990 Census , the size of Kansas ' congressional delegation was reduced from 5 to 4 , eliminating the 5th district . In 1992 , Rep. Nichols ran for the Republican nomination to challenge Dan Glickman in the 4th congressional district , but lost in the primary to state Senator Eric R. Yost , who lost to Glickman in the general election .
Personal life
Nichols married Connie Weinbrenner in 1951 , and together had three children . Connie earned four degrees and was a professor at McPherson College before her death from cancer in 1994 . Two years later , Nichols married his second wife , Linda .
Dick Nichols died at his home in McPherson , Kansas on March 7 , 2019 at the age of 92 .
References
External links
1926 births
2019 deaths
American bankers
People from Fort Scott , Kansas
People from McPherson , Kansas
Businesspeople from Kansas
Military personnel from Kansas
United States Navy personnel of World War II
United States Navy officers
Kansas State University alumni
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Kansas
20th-century American businesspeople
USS Midway may refer to :
, which was named Oritani and then Tyree before being chartered as a general auxiliary in 1942 , renamed to Panay in 1943 , and returned to its owner in 1946
, which was an escort carrier commissioned in 1943 , renamed St . Lo one year later , and sunk during the Battle of Leyte Gulf shortly afterward
, which is an aircraft carrier commissioned in 1945 and decommissioned in 1992 . It was donated as a museum ship and resides in San Diego , California .
United States Navy ship names
Mount Rich ( ) is an isolated peak in the Brown Hills , 5 nautical miles ( 9 km ) northwest of Diamond Hill . Named by the Victoria University of Wellington Antarctic Expedition ( VUWAE ) ( 1962–63 ) for Charles C. Rich , United States Antarctic Research Program ( USARP ) geologist who served as deputy leader and geologist of the expedition .
Mountains of Oates Land
The precolonial history of Angola lasted until Portugal annexed the territory as a colony in 1655 .
Old Stone Age
The earliest inhabitants of the Angola area are believed to have been Khoisan hunter-gatherers whose remains date back to the Old Stone Age .
Based on archaeological and linguistic evidence , scholars believe that beginning in the last centuries BCE , people speaking languages of the Western Bantu family entered the country and introduced agriculture and iron working . Studies of DNA from Cabinda have found no traces of any population groups other than the Bantu in the modern day population . They expected to find evidence of combined ancestry . This makes it difficult to explain the existence of an earlier population , save that they were completely and rapidly replaced by the Bantu speakers without intermarriage ( although intermarriage may have occurred in the central parts of Angola ) . Also , part of the Khoisan withdrew to what is now Southern Angola as well as Northern Botswana and Northern Namibia , where significant groups are still living .
15th century
The Portuguese established themselves on the west coast of Africa towards the close of the 15th century . Diogo Cão found the Kongo Kingdom and the Congo River in 1482 . He erected a stone pillar at the mouth of the river , which accordingly took the title of Rio do Padrão . He exchanged hostages with the local people , who reported that the country was subject to a great monarch , Manikongo or lord of the Kingdom of Kongo , resident at Mbanza Kongo . He reached the Angolan coast in 1484 .
The Portuguese entered into a cooperative relationship with the rulers of Kongo . Gonçalo de Sousa was dispatched on a formal embassy in 1491 ; and the first missionaries entered the country in his train . King Nzinga Nkuwu of Kongo was baptized at this time , taking the name of João in honor of the king of Portugal . The Kongo adopted Catholicism . Other states existing at that time included Kongo dia Nlaza and Nziko located to Kongo 's east , Ndongo , in the highlands between the Kwanza and Lukala Rivers , the Kingdom of Benguela , located on the front range of the Bihe Plateau , and Songo located south of Ndongo .
16th century
King Afonso I , also known as Mvemba a Nzinga , son of King Nzinga Nkuwu , established Christianity as the national religion by 1520 . In 1595 , the Pope declared Kongo to be an episcopal see . The principal church , built in 1548 and dedicated to the Savior ( São Salvador ) , was named as cathedral , whose jurisdiction included both Kongo and the Portuguese colony of Angola .
Portugal had several missions to Kongo 's southern neighbor , Ndongo , the first of which was dispatched in 1520 , but failed and was withdrawn . A second mission was sent to Ndongo in 1560 led by Paulo Dias de Novais and including Jesuit priests . Dias de Novais returned to Portugal in 1564 , leaving the Jesuit Francisco de Gouveia in Ndongo . While in Portugal , Dias de Novais secured a grant allowing him to colonize the country . In exchange for agreeing to raise private funds to finance his expedition , bring Portuguese colonists and build forts in the country , the crown gave him rights to conquer and rule the sections south of the Kwanza River
Dias de Novais arrived in Angola with an armed force and more Jesuit priests . Originally he planned to offer his small force as a mercenary reinforcement to Ndongo and to Kongo for their various wars . After indifferent success , a Portuguese who had long resided in Congo , Francisco Barbuda , persuaded the king of Ndongo that Portugal intended to take his country over . Acting on this intelligence , the king ordered the Portuguese to be killed and expelled . In 1579 therefore , Ndongo made a sudden and devastating war on the Portuguese ( and their many servants and slaves , many of whom were from Kongo ) and drove them from Ndongo back to a few holdings in the region around Luanda . The Portuguese were aided in their defense by Kongo , whose king Álvaro I , sent a large army in his support and to attack Ndongo in revenge for the slaughter of Kongo slaves . Although Kongo 's army was defeated trying to cross the Bengo River and ran out of supplies , Dias de Novais managed to hold on to Luanda and the small fort of Nzele on the Kwanza River .
From 1575 to 1589 when he died , Dias de Novais sought to recover and expand Portuguese possessions in the Kwanza Valley . He did so largely by making alliances with local rulers who were disaffected with Ndongo rule , notably the ruler ( soba ) of Muxima . In this effort , Portuguese managed to take over the province of Ilamba located between the Kwanza and Bengo Rivers , and in a hard-fought battle in 1582 , founded the post at Massangano at the confluence of the Kwanza and Lucala Rivers . Emboldened by victories over Ndongo armies in 1583 and 1585 , Dias de Novais ' lieutenant Luis Serrão , who took over the colony following Dias de Novais ' death in 1589 led an attack on Ndongo 's capital at Kabasa . This attack , however , was a spectacular failure , as Ndongo , allied with its neighbor Matamba crushed the Portuguese army and drove it back to Massangano .
The following period was a stalemate , capped by a peace agreement in 1599 . Portuguese governors in the interim , finding themselves too weak to attack Ndongo , were content with engaging in political wrangling with the kingdom and with seeking opportunities to use its own political conflicts to their advantage .
17th century
Around 1600 , Portuguese merchants working on the coast south of the Kwanza River encountered Imbangala bands that were then ravaging the Kingdom of Benguela , overlord in the region . These Imbangala were prepared to sell captives they had taken in their wars to the Portuguese in exchange for European goods . In around 1615 , Portuguese governors invited some of these bands to cross the Kwanza and serve in their armies . Governor Luis Mendes de Vasconcelos used these bands to good effect , when , beginning in 1618 he used them to buttress his armies and local rebels to attack Ndongo . Over the next three years , he expelled the king of Ndongo from his capital at Kabasa , forcing him to take refuge on the Kindonga Islands in the Kwanza River , captured members of the royal family , sent expeditionary forces as far inland as Matamba , and captured and exported as many as 50,000 people as slaves to Brazil and the Spanish Indies . The first Africans to arrive in the North American English colony of Virginia were taken from these captives , by English privateers attacking shipping .
In 1617 , the Imbangala allied with the Portuguese in invading Ndongo . The Imbangala took control of the Kwango valley , forming a new kingdom . The Imbangala and expanded trade with regional neighbors , selling salt for goods , and with the Portuguese , selling slaves . Queen Nzinga of Ndongo traveled to Luanda in 1623 and successfully negotiated for peace . The Portuguese administrator in charge of Angola adopted Nzinga as his goddaughter , giving her the Christian name Dona Ana de Souza . Peace with Portugal however , did not affect poor relations between the Imbangala and Ndongo kingdoms . The Imbangala continued to attack and kidnap Ndongo civilians , selling them into slavery . Portugal intervened militarily , ostensibly on Nzinga 's behalf , and she and much Kimbundu retreated east to Matamba . There she established a new Kimbundu kingdom and prepared for war with the Portuguese . The Portuguese declared Ari Kiluanji the new ngola ( chief ) as head of the Ndongo . Kiluanji lacked political and religious legitimacy in the eyes of much Kimbundu who revolted against the new establishment with encouragement from Nzinga .
In the aftermath of the war , the king of Ndongo sent his sister Njinga Mbandi to Luanda to negotiate a peace treaty in 1622 . The Imbangala bands had not proved as obedient as the Portuguese hoped and were ravaging far and wide among both Ndongo 's lands and those controlled by Portugal . In the terms of the agreement Njinga negotiated , Portugal agreed to withdraw a fort at Ambaca which Mendes de Vasconcelos had founded as a base for his operations against Ndongo , and to return a large number of serfs ( kijiko ) he had captured , to help in restraining the Imbangala operating in Ndongo , and allow the king to return to his traditional capital . In exchange Ndongo would swear vassalage to Portugal and pay 100 slaves per year as tribute . However , none of these conditions were actually met .
Mendes de Vasconcelos ' successor , João Correia de Sousa agreed to the terms of the treaty , in part because he hoped to repeat his predecessors war with Imbangala help against Kongo . In 1622 he led a bloody campaign against the territory of Kasanze , located near Luanda and under Kongo 's authority , then claiming that the Kongo subordinate of Nambu a Ngongo harbored runaway slaves , he invaded that region , and finally , upset that the Kongo electors had chosen Pedro II the former Duke of Mbamba to be king of Kongo , invaded Mbamba itself . In November , 1622 , he met a hastily gathered Kongo army at the Battle of Mbumbi and defeated it , with Imbangala allies eating the Duke and other Kongo nobles . However , Pedro II brought down a larger army , defeated the Portuguese force and began a campaign of humiliation for the many Portuguese resident in Kongo . In the aftermath of this shock , many Portuguese resident in Luanda , who had invested money in Kongo were threatened with ruin and demanded the governor leave . Correia de Sousa was driven from Ndongo and was imprisoned in Portugal . Kongo , meanwhile , had also made an alliance with the Dutch West India Company to attack Luanda , and the junta that ran Angola in the aftermath of Correia de Sousa 's expulsion , quickly made peace with Kongo , restoring some of the slaves they had seized . As a result , Kongo refused to assist Piet Heyn 's fleet from the Netherlands when it arrived and attacked Luanda in 1624 .
Following the disaster of Correia de Sousa , the crown sent Fernão de Sousa to be governor of Angola in 1624 . He had orders to make fewer unjust wars in the country , and he tried to bring some order to its fiscal system . But he insisted on keeping Portuguese positions at Ambaca and to return the captured kijiko in Ndongo , and was reluctant to recognize Njinga as ruler of Ndongo following the death of her brother by suicide in 1624 . As a result of the failure of negotiations , de Sousa undertook a series of wars against Njinga . Two major wars in 1626 and 1628 drove Njinga from the Kingdonga Island to Matamba where she established her base in 1631 . Fitful negotiations followed , and in 1639 Njinga concluded a peace with Portugal . At the same time Portugal established diplomatic relations with Kasanje , the Imbangala band that occupied the Kwango River valley south of Njinga 's domains in Matamba .
Salvador de Sá sought to restore Portuguese authority as much as possible during his rule from 1648 to 1652 . However , he made little progress , aside from forcing Njinga to retreat from her position in Cavanga to Matamba . His successors in the seventeenth century sought to renew the warfare that had expanded Portuguese authority and filled slaves ships before the Dutch interlude . However aggressive foreign policies were less successful . Following a disastrous campaign in Kisama in 1654-55 the governor was faced with widespread settler disobedience as they saw that the wars hurt their trade and killed their subjects .
Notes
References
Attribution :
Further reading
Ang
16th century in Angola
17th century in Angola
Victory Gardens ( 1991 ) is the debut album from John & Mary , recorded in 1990 just six months after the two met in December 1989 and immediately following their signing with Rykodisc . John Lombardo , former member of 10,000 Maniacs and responsible for much of their early music , brought elements of the early Maniacs sound with him . Combined with the classically trained Mary Ramsey 's blend of folk and classical influences , the album is considered by some to be heir to the 10,000 Maniacs album The Wishing Chair ( 1985 ) , critically acclaimed for linking traditional influences with the contemporary new-wave sound .
Victory Gardens was produced by Lombardo and recorded at Mitch Easter 's Chapel Hill Drive-In Studio in Winston-Salem , NC . The album features 10,000 Maniacs members Robert Buck and Jerome Augustyniak as well as special guests Ronnie Lane ( Small Faces ) , Joey Molland ( Badfinger ) and Augie Meyers ( Sir Douglas Quintet , Texas Tornados ) .
The song `` Red Wooden Beads '' was included on Steal This Disc Vol . 3 , part of a series of compact discs released by Rykodisc in 1991 . `` Rags of Flowers '' was included on Troubadours of Folk Vol . 5 : Singer-Songwriters Of The '80s , part of a five volume series of compact discs released by Rhino Records in 1992 .
Track listing
All tracks composed by John Lombardo and Mary Ramsey except where indicated
`` Red Wooden Beads '' – 2:53
`` The Azalea Festival '' – 4:28
`` Piles of Dead Leaves '' – 4:14
`` We Have Nothing '' ( John Lombardo ) - 3:47
`` Rags of Flowers '' – 3:20
`` I Became Alone '' – 3:33
`` The Open Window '' – 3:45
`` July 6th '' ( John Lombardo ) – 4:39
`` Pram '' ( John Lombardo ) – 3:21
`` Un Canadien Errant '' ( Public Domain , arranged by Mary Ramsey ) – 4:40
Personnel
John & Mary
John Lombardo – 6 and 12-string guitar , bass , vocal , producer
Mary Ramsey – vocal , viola , violin , piano , organ
Additional musicians
Robert Buck – lead guitar , mandolin
Jerome Augustyniak – drums , vocal ( background - `` We Have Nothing '' )
Armand John Petri – percussion ( `` Un Canadien Errant '' ) , engineer , mixing
Ronnie Lane – vocal ( `` We Have Nothing '' )
Joey Molland – vocal , guitar , guitar solo ( `` I Became Alone '' )
Augie Meyers – accordion ( `` Un Canadien Errant '' )
Technical staff
Stuart Sullivan – engineer
Joe Barbaria – mixing
Mitch Easter – engineer
Toby Mountain – mastering
Shannon Carr – mixing
Dan Griffin – production
Singles
In 1991 Rykodisc released a 7-inch vinyl promotional-only single
`` Red Wooden Beads '' – 2:53
`` The Azalea Festival '' ( live version ) – 3:10
References
John & Mary albums
1991 debut albums
Rykodisc albums
Associazione Calcio Renate is an Italian association football club based in Renate , Lombardy . It currently plays in Serie C .
The club plays their home games at the in Meda instead of their home field , Stadio Mario Riboldi in Renate , to comply with Lega Pro stadium criteria .
History
The club was founded in 1947 as Unione Sportiva Renatese .
On 1961 the club has changed its name with Associazione Calcio Renate .
Lega Pro Seconda Divisione
On 4 August 2010 , the club was admitted for the first time to the professional leagues despite finishing 5th in group B in the 2009–10 Serie D season in order to fill one of the sixteen vacancies available for the 2010-11 Lega Pro Seconda Divisione season following the bankruptcies and irregularities of other clubs . The team finished 5th their first season in Group A and a 2nd-place finish in 2013–14 ensured a spot in the inaugural unified Lega Pro division for 2014–15 .
Serie C
The club has maintained their position in the third tier of the Italian football league system since 2014-15 and are currently competing in Group B of Serie C .
Colors and badge
Its colors are blue and black .
Current squad
Updated 1 September 2022 .
Out on loan
Former players
Andrea Mira
References
External links
Official homepage
Football clubs in Italy
Football clubs in Lombardy
Association football clubs established in 1947
Serie C clubs
1947 establishments in Italy
Renate , Lombardy
Parapsestis albida is a moth in the family Drepanidae . It was described by Suzuki in 1916 . It is found in Japan and China ( Shaanxi , Gansu ) . The Global Lepidoptera Names Index gives this name as a synonym of Parapsestis umbrosa .
References
Moths described in 1916
Thyatirinae
Moths of Asia
Thekkekkara Superfast is a Malayalam language film . It was finished in 1998 , but got released only in April 2004 along with Agninakshathram around Vishu .
Cast
Mukesh as Ulahannan
Dileep as Benny Pookkattuparambil
Gayatri Shastri as Sophia
Jagathy Sreekumar as Ahamedkutty
Rajan P. Dev as Philippose Pookkattuparambil
Prakash Raj as Johnykutty
Bobby Kottarakkara as Thamban
C. I. Paul as Paulachan
KPAC Lalitha as Ammachi
Rizabawa as Antappan
Elias Babu as Thommikunju
Harishree Ashokan as Bhairavan
Kalamandalam Geethanandan
Soundtrack
This film includes seven songs written by lyricist Gireesh Puthenchery . The songs were composed by the music maestro Ouseppachan .
References
2004 films
2000s Malayalam-language films
Clay Calvert is Brechner Eminent Scholar of Mass Communication and Director of the Marion B. Brechner First Amendment Project in the University of Florida College of Journalism and Communications , specializing in First Amendment Law . He was previously a professor at the Pennsylvania State University where he co-directed the Pennsylvania Center for the First Amendment . A member of the California State Bar Association , he has authored or co-authored more than 150 scholarly articles for law journals . He has also written several books dealing with the First Amendment , the most noteworthy being Voyeur Nation ( Westview , 2000 ) .
Other faculty positions
Professor , Fredric G. Levin College of Law ( Spring 2020 )
Visiting Professor , McGeorge School of Law , University of the Pacific ( Spring 2011 )
Interim Dean , Schreyer Honors College ( 2005–2006 )
Associate Dean , Schreyer Honors College ( 2002–2003 )
Education
University of the Pacific , J.D .
Stanford University , Ph.D , Communication
Stanford University , B.A. , Communication
Sources
Dr. Calvert 's Faculty Page at the University of Florida College of Journalism and Communications
American legal writers
Living people
Place of birth missing ( living people )
University of Florida faculty
Year of birth missing ( living people )
St Thomas Aquinas School may refer to :
St. Thomas Aquinas Primary School , Bulawayo , Zimbabwe
St. Thomas Aquinas School , Witbank , a school in South Africa
See also
St. Thomas Aquinas Secondary School ( disambiguation )
St. Thomas Aquinas High School ( disambiguation )
St Thomas School ( disambiguation )
Alcomsat-1 is the first Algerian communications satellite . It was carried by Chinese launcher Long March 3B from the Xichang Satellite Launch Center , located in Sichuan Province , 2,200 km southwest of Beijing .
The satellite was launched on 10 December 2017 and is designed for 15 years operational lifetime . It is a partnership between Algerian Space Agency ( ASAL ) and China . It is dedicated to telecommunications , television broadcasting and internet .
Operations
The satellite was developed by the Chinese Academy of Space Technology ( CAST ) and is based on the DFH-4 platform . Its communications payload is composed of 33 operational transponders ( 19 in Ku band , 12 in Ka band and 2 in L band ) . The satellite will operate for 15 years on the geosynchronous orbit . Launch mass was around .
The DFH-4 ( DongFangHong-4 ) platform is a large telecommunications satellite platform of the next generation . It provides high capability in output power and communication capacity ranking with international advanced satellite platforms .
The applications for the DFH-4 platform are not limited to high capacity broadcast communication satellites and it can be used as a tracking and data relay satellite , regional mobile communication satellite , etc .
The platform comprises propulsion module , service module and a solar array system . It has a payload capacity of 588 kg and an output power of 10.5 kW by the end of its lifetime . Its reliability by the end of its lifetime is more than a 0.78 industry ratio .
The platform is equipped with 22 Ku-band transponders ( four 54 MHz and eighteen 36 MHz ) , three receiver antennas , and two transmission antennas .
The DFH-4 can support the transmission of 150~200 TV programs simultaneously to ground users using a 0.45 meter antenna device . The DFH-4 satellite also features strong capabilities against hostile disturbance and jamming . The satellite 's power supply includes two 6 meter solar panels .
Control centers
The Alcomsat-1 satellite system is managed by two control and operation centers : the Space Telecommunications Systems Exploitation Center ( CESTS ) in Bouchaoui – Algiers , and the Space Telecommunications Operations Center ( COTS ) of Boughezoul – Médéa , which are responsible for monitoring from ground stations , in continuous operation , the state of health of the satellite , and for managing multimedia applications .
See also
Algeria national space programs
References
External links
AlSAT-1 Info
Algerian Space Agency information on Alsat-1
Spacecraft launched in 2017
Communication satellites
Satellites of Algeria
2017 in Algeria
Yevgeny Alexeyevich Lalenkov ( ; born February 16 , 1981 in Angarsk ) is a Russian former long track speed skater who participated in international competitions . He won a silver medal at 1000m at the 2008 single-distance World Championships in Nagano .
He married speed skater Evgeniia Lalenkova .
Personal records
Career highlights
Olympic Winter Games
2006 - Turin , 7th at 1000 m
2006 - Turin , 23rd at 1500 m
2006 - Turin , 5th at team pursuit
2010 - Vancouver , 36th at 500 m
2010 - Vancouver , 23rd at 1000 m
2010 - Vancouver , 10th at 1500 m
World Allround Championships
2002 - Heerenveen , 10th
2003 - Göteborg , 5th
2004 - Hamar , 8th
2005 - Moscow , 12th
World Sprint Championships
2006 - Heerenveen , 10th
2007 - Hamar , 10th
World Single Distance Championships
2002 - Salt Lake City , 23rd at 1000 m
2002 - Salt Lake City , 10th at 1500 m
2003 - Berlin , 4th at 1500 m
2004 - Seoul , 7th at 1500 m
2005 - Inzell , 8th at 1500 m
2008 - Nagano , 2nd at 1000 m
European Allround Championships
2003 - Heerenveen , 7th
2004 - Heerenveen , 6th
2005 - Heerenveen , 14th
2008 - Kolomna , 9th
World Junior Allround Championships
1999 - Geithus , 17th
2000 - Seinäjoki , 6th
World Cup
2002 - Inzell , 2nd at 1500 m
2002 - Hamar , 1st at 1500 m
2002 - Erfurt , 2nd at 1500 m
2002 - Heerenveen , 2nd at 1500 m
2003 - Baselga di Pinè , 1st at 1500 m
2003 - Baselga di Pinè , 3rd at team pursuit
2003 - Heerenveen , 1st at 1500 m ( March )
2003 - 1st at World Cup Rankings 1500 m
2003 - Heerenveen , 1st at 1500 m ( November )
2003 - Heerenveen , 3rd at 3000/5000 m allround
2004 - Heerenveen , 3rd at 1500 m
2004 - 3rd at World Cup Rankings 1500 m
National Championships
2001 - Divnogorsk , 3rd at 1500 m
2001 - Divnogorsk , 3rd at 1000 m
2002 - Berlin , 3rd at 1500 m
2002 - Berlin , 1st at 1000 m
2003 - Kirov , 2nd at allround
2004 - Chelyabinsk , 2nd at allround
2004 - Nizhni Novgorod , 3rd at 500 m
2005 - Moscow , 2nd at allround
2006 - Moscow , 1st at 1500 m
2006 - Moscow , 1st at 1000 m
2006 - Moscow , 1st at team pursuit
Nordic Junior Games
1999 - Helsinki , 1st at 1000 m
1999 - Helsinki , 3rd at 1500 m
2000 - Chemnitz , 2nd at 1500 m
2000 - Chemnitz , 2nd at 3000 m
2000 - Chemnitz , 1st at 1000 m
Nordic Neo Senior Games
2001 - Kolomna , 3rd at 5000 m
2001 - Kolomna , 1st at 1500 m
External links
Lalenkov at Jakub Majerski 's Speedskating Database
Lalenkov at SkateResults.com
1981 births
Russian male speed skaters
Living people
Olympic speed skaters of Russia
Speed skaters at the 2002 Winter Olympics
Speed skaters at the 2006 Winter Olympics
Speed skaters at the 2010 Winter Olympics
People from Angarsk
Sportspeople from Irkutsk Oblast
Richard Francis Capp ( born April 9 , 1942 ) is an American former American football tight end and linebacker who played in the National Football League ( NFL ) . He is from Portland , Maine .
Career
Capp played with the Green Bay Packers during the 1967 NFL season , which won Super Bowl II . He had previously been drafted in the seventeenth round of the 1966 AFL Draft by the Boston Patriots . The following season , he played with the Pittsburgh Steelers .
He played football and basketball at Worcester Academy graduating in 1961 and at the collegiate level at Boston College .
See also
List of Green Bay Packers players
List of Pittsburgh Steelers players
References
External links
1942 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Portland , Maine
Green Bay Packers players
Pittsburgh Steelers players
American football tight ends
American football linebackers
Boston College Eagles football players
Players of American football from Maine
To-Agori-Mou ( 22 April 1978 – 1990 ) was an Irish-bred , British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and sire who won the classic 2000 Guineas in 1981 . He was the best British-trained two-year-old of 1980 when he won the Solario Stakes and was narrowly beaten by the Irish-trained Storm Bird in the Dewhurst Stakes . As a three-year-old he was beaten on his debut but justified his position as betting favourite in the 2000 Guineas . The rest of his season was dominated by a controversial four-race series in which he was matched against the Irish colt Kings Lake . His other major wins in 1981 came in the St. James 's Palace Stakes , Waterford Crystal Mile and Queen Elizabeth II Stakes . In 1982 he was campaigned in the United States without success and was retired to stud where he had little success as a sire of winners .
Background
To-Agori-Mou was a `` big , rangy , attractive '' dark brown horse with no white markings bred by the Rathduff Stud in County Tipperary , Ireland . His sire , Tudor Music , was a top-class sprinter whose wins included the July Cup : as a breeding stallion his record was not impressive , with his only previous Group Race winner being Orchestra , whose wins included the John Porter Stakes . To-Agori-Mou was by far the best horse produced by Sarah Van Fleet , a mare who won five races over hurdles . Sarah Van Fleet was a great granddaughter of the influential broodmare Sister Sarah , whose other descendants include St. Paddy , Flying Water , Russian Rhythm , Workforce , Nearctic , Shadayid , Swain , Love Divine , Brian Boru and Sixties Icon .
As a yearling , the colt was sent to the sales and was bought for 20,000 guineas by the trainer Guy Harwood , making him by far the most expensive of his sire 's offspring sold in 1979 . The colt entered the ownership of the Greek restaurateur Andry Muinos , who had just sold her three-year-old Ela-Mana-Mou to the Ballymacoll Stud for £500,000 . She named the horse To-Agori-Mou ( το αγόρι μου ) , the Greek for `` My Boy '' . The colt was trained at Pulborough , West Sussex by Harwood who , at the time , was noted for his modern approach to training , introducing Britain to features such as artificial gallops and barn-style stabling . To-Agori-Mou was ridden in most of his major races by the British jockey Greville Starkey .
Racing career
1980 : two-year-old season
To-Agori-Mou made his racecourse debut in a maiden race over six furlongs at Newmarket Racecourse in July . He was given a gentle ride from Starkey and finished second , beaten three-quarters of a length by the Queen 's colt Church Parade . He recorded his first win in the Foxhall Maiden Stakes over seven furlongs at Goodwood Racecourse , taking the lead after a furlong and winning easily by two lengths from Clear Verdict . In August he won the Crawley Stakes at Lingfield Park Racecourse from six moderate opponents who , according to Timeform , `` were barely able to get him out of a canter '' . To-Agori-Mou was then moved up in class to contest the Listed Solario Stakes at Sandown Park Racecourse on 29 August . Starting the 8/11 favourite he accelerated clear of the field in the final quarter mile and won by two lengths from Bold Raider , despite being eased down by Starkey in the closing stages .
In October , To-Agori-Mou contested Britain 's most important races for two-year-olds , the Dewhurst Stakes over seven furlongs at Newmarket . He was opposed by the Irish-trained Storm Bird , winner of the National Stakes , the French-trained Miswaki , winner of the Prix de la Salamandre and Kirtling , winner of the Chesham Stakes . To-Agori-Mou was always in the first two and was the only horse able to respond when Storm Bird accelerated with two furlongs left to run . The two colts quickly drew away from the field and after a protracted struggle , To-Agori-Mou finished second , beaten half a length .
1981 : three-year-old season
Spring
When Storm Bird was ruled out of the classics by a series of problems , To-Agori-Mou became a strong favourite for the 2000 Guineas . He began his three-year-old season in the Craven Stakes at Newmarket in April . He started odds-on favourite , but appeared short of peak fitness and was beaten three quarters of a length by the 28/1 outsider Kind of Hush . Despite his defeat , To-Agori-Mou started the 5/2 favourite for the 173rd running of the 2000 Guineas over the Rowley Mile course at Newmarket on 2 May , with his main opponents appearing to be the Free Handicap winner Motavato ( 5/1 ) , Kind of Hush ( 9/1 ) and the William Hill Futurity winner Beldale Flutter ( 10/1 ) . Starkey restrained the colt at the rear of the nineteen runner field before moving forward with three furlongs left to run . He looked likely to win easily , but had to be driven out by Starkey to win by a neck from the 50/1 outsider Mattaboy , with Bel Bolide in third .
On 16 May , To-Agori-Mou was sent to Ireland and started 9/10 favourite for the Irish 2000 Guineas at the Curragh . The race was the most controversial of the year and saw the beginning of a four-race rivalry between To-Agori-Mou and the Vincent O'Brien-trained colt Kings Lake . Starkey held up To-Agori-Mou for a late run as usual and moved up to challenge Kings Lake , ridden by Pat Eddery in the last quarter mile . The Irish colt edged to the left in the closing stages and appeared to bump the favourite several times before winning by a neck . Starkey ended the race standing up in his stirrups and clearly indicated that he felt that his mount had been unfairly prevented from winning . The racecourse stewards concurred , and amended the result , awarding the victory to To-Agori-Mou . Kings Lake 's connections refused to accept the verdict and took their appeal to the stewards of the Turf Club ( the regulatory body for horseracing in Ireland ) , who , after a six-hour hearing , reinstated the original result . The decision created uproar and was widely condemned in both the British and Irish press .
Summer
The rematch between To-Agori-Mou and Kings Lake came in the St James 's Palace Stakes over one mile at Royal Ascot . Starkey changed tactics and rode the 2/1 second favourite much closer to the pace than in previous races . Early in the straight he sent the colt through a gap on the inside and went into the lead by a length . Kings Lake emerged as the challenger , but To-Agori-Mou prevailed in a `` thrilling battle '' to win by a neck , with the first two pulling six lengths clear of the other runners . The race was not without controversy as Starkey turned in his saddle and appeared to make a two-fingered gesture to Eddery just after the finishing line . To-Agori-Mou and Kings Lake met for the third time in the Sussex Stakes at Goodwood Racecourse on 29 July in which they were opposed by older horses . Starkey reverted to hold-up tactics , restraining the 11/8 favourite before making his run in the straight . He made rapid progress and took the lead a furlong from the finish , but was caught in the final strides by King Lake and beaten by a head .
The fourth and final match between To-Agori-Mou and Kings Lake came in the Prix Jacques le Marois at Deauville Racecourse on 16 August . To-Agori-Mou evened the score , beating his rival by a nose , but neither colt was any match for the French-trained four-year-old Northjet , who won easily by five lengths . Later that month , To-Agori-Mou was matched against Moorestyle , the top-rated European racehorse of 1980 , at two pounds worse than weight-for-age in the Waterford Crystal Mile at Goodwood . Starkey tracked Lester Piggott on Moorestyle before moving past the older horse in the straight and opening up a three-length advantage . To-Agori-Mou veered to the right in the closing stages but held off the renewed challenge of Moorestyle to win by half a length . To-Agori-Mou was one of fourteen horses selected to contest the inaugural running of the Arlington A Million in Chicago , but the invitation was not taken up , leaving the filly Madam Gay to represent Britain .
Autumn
In late September , To-Agori-Mou ran in the Queen Elizabeth II Stakes at Ascot . The race was then a Group Two events , and weight penalties meant that he had to race at level weights against older horses , but he nevertheless started the 5/4 favourite . Ridden by Lester Piggott ( Starkey was serving a suspension for careless riding ) , he was held up at the back of the field before moving up to take the lead inside the final furlong . He won by a length from the four-year-old Cracaval , who was subsequently disqualified for causing interference in the closing stages . In October , To-Agori-Mou was moved up in distance to contest the Champion Stakes over ten furlongs at Newmarket . He started 5/1 favourite , but after travelling well for most of the race he was unable to make any progress in the closing stages and finished fifth of the sixteen runners behind the French-trained colt Vayrann .
1982 : four-year-old season
In 1982 , To-Agori-Mou was sent to race in the United States where he was trained by John W. Russell . He failed to win in four attempts , with his best placing being third in the Laurance Armour Handicap at Arlington Park in May . He was retired after finishing fifth in the American Handicap at Hollywood Park Racetrack in July .
Assessment
To-Agori-Mou was rated 133 by the independent Timeform organisation in 1980 , making him the second best two-year-old of the season , one pound behind Storm Bird . He was also rated second to Storm Bird in the official International Classification . In the following season he was again rated 133 by Timeform , while in the International Classification he was rated the equal-fourth-best three-year-old colt in Europe behind Shergar , Bikala and Cut Above . In their book A Century of Champions , John Randall and Tony Morris rated To-Agori-Mou an `` average '' 2000 Guineas winner and the forty-first best two-year-old trained in Britain or Ireland in the 20th century .
Stud career
To-Agori-Mou was retired to become a breeding stallion in the United States , but appears to have attracted little interest . The most successful of his offspring was the sprinter Answer Do , who won fifteen races including the Grade II San Carlos Handicap and two runnings of the Grade III Phoenix Gold Cup . To-Agori-Mou was sold for $ 2,000 in 1989 and for $ 300 a year later . To-Agori-Mou died in 1990 .
Pedigree
References
1978 racehorse births
1990 racehorse deaths
Racehorses bred in Ireland
Racehorses trained in the United Kingdom
Thoroughbred family 14-c
2000 Guineas winners
Barnabas Long or Longe was Archdeacon of Cleveland from 1683 to 1685 .
Long was born in Pontefract was educated at University College , Oxford . He became Vicar of Selborne in 1680 ; Chancellor of Llandaff in 1681 , Canon of York in 1682 ; Rector of Fyfield in 1684 , and of Oddington that same year .
He died on 11 April 1865 .
References
17th-century English Anglican priests
Alumni of University College , Oxford
Archdeacons of Cleveland
1685 deaths
People from Pontefract
Erik Carlsson Sjöblad ( August 28 , 1647 – May 31 , 1725 ) was a Swedish governor , admiral , and baron .
Early years
Sjöblad was born in Halmstad , Halland , Sweden . His father , a general , was Baron Carol Sjöblad Nilsson ( 1611–1696 ) ; his mother was Maria Eriksdotter Stierna ( 1614–1686 ) . Sjoblad married Charlotta Regina Palbitski ( born 1663 ) in 1681 . They had three children , a son , Carl Georg Sjöblad , and two daughters , Ulrika Maria Eriksdotter Sjöblad ( died 1758 ) and Charlotte Christina Sjöblad ( died 1771 )
Career
Sjöblad began his military career in 1664 at the age of 17 , when he took a post in the English fleet . After nine years he returned to Sweden , now as captain . In the Swedish admiralty , he rose quickly in rank , and in 1676 , he was appointed admiral , when only 29 years old .
In 1677 , he led his squadron against the Dano-Norwegian admiral Niels Juel . The Action of 31 May 1677 ended with Sjöblad 's loss of 1,500 men and his ship Amara Then , and he became a prisoner of war . After the Scanian War ended , he was appointed Governor of Blekinge in 1683 . He was owner of Herrestad in 1696 .
In 1700 , he took over the post of Governor of Gothenburg and Bohuslän , built as a port and depot for the Royal Navy .
Sjöblad soon proved to be an arbitrary county manager , and was described by a contemporary writer as `` in every inch a despot . '' After the magistrate had collected together evidence of his irregularities , including diversion of Crown resources and income , Sjöblad was summoned to the National Council of Stockholm . He was brought to trial , accused of `` several difficult goals af self-interest , abuse and self-readiness . '' In October 1711 , he was sentenced to lose his posts , `` life , honor and goods '' . The death penalty was repealed later and converted into a prison sentence . After the death of Charles XII , Sjöblad was restored to his titles by Queen Ulrika Eleonora in 1719 .
He died in 1725 in Gothenburg , Västergötland , Sweden . Carl Georg Siöblad was his son .
References
1647 births
1725 deaths
Swedish politicians
Swedish admirals
Below is the list of characters in Chihayafuru , a manga series , set in the world of competitive karuta , by Yuki Suetsugu whose story has been adapted into novels , animated series and live action films .
Main characters
Portrayed by : Suzu Hirose , ( young )
A determined high school girl who was inspired by Arata in elementary school to play karuta and to dream of becoming the `` Queen '' of karuta . She begins a karuta club at her high school with Taichi . She is first introduced to competitive karuta by her childhood friend , Arata . Karuta has remained as Chihaya 's passion despite being separated from Arata . She has an exceptional hearing ability that gives her an advantage in playing karuta . While she is beautiful , she is considered too weird , her classmates referring to her as a `` beauty in vain '' . She is crazy about karuta ( her friends calls her `` karuta baka '' ) , to the point that she can be oblivious to other people 's feelings . Chihaya is the captain of Mizusawa Karuta Club . She works very hard at improving her karuta skills , and reaches Class A near the beginning of the series . She is a strong , passionate person who loves karuta and is dedicated to her teammates and friends . Chihaya shares a strong bond of trust and friendship with Taichi and appreciates his skill in leading the club , though oblivious towards his feelings for her . Chihaya cares deeply for Arata , despite their long-distance relationship . While on the telephone with Arata , she realizes that she will always love him and karuta . In the chapter 247 of the manga , Chihaya and Taichi started dating .
Portrayed by : Shuhei Nomura , ( young )
A good-looking , all-rounded sportsman and Chihaya 's childhood best friend . His mother is very strict with him , telling him that he should stick to activities he can win at . He seems to have feelings for Chihaya although he had a girlfriend at the beginning , and is jealous of her feelings for Arata . Taichi is the president of Mizusawa Karuta Club . He is a talented student and an athlete , at the beginning of the series he claims to have outgrown 'karuta ' , but then , after watching Chihaya excelling and obviously having fun , he decides to help her form a karuta club . He has good analytical skills and a good memory when playing karuta , but he has very bad luck . Due to this , he ends up staying in Class B longer than supposed to . He has been in love with Chihaya ever since childhood ( and eventually realizes his feelings ) but never confessed to her . When Sumire tried to confess to Taichi , he tells her that he would rather have a relationship with the girl he loves than with a girl who loves him , indirectly indicating Chihaya . He cares for her very deeply , being there for her every time Chihaya gets upset or sad . He has serious character to make up for Chihaya 's comical character . As a child , Taichi was a rich , spoiled child and disliked Arata , making fun of him for being poor , but as soon as he , Chihaya , and Arata started to play Karuta together , they became friends . In terms of love , Taichi still views Arata as his enemy . In the chapter 247 of the manga , Chihaya and Taichi started dating .
Portrayed by : Mackenyu , ( young )
Arata Wataya was a transfer student to Chihaya 's elementary school , grandchild of an eternal master karuta player , Arata inspires Chihaya to take up karuta . He has difficulty fitting in at Chihaya 's elementary school because of his Fukui dialect and passion for karuta , but Chihaya befriends him . His dream is to become a karuta Meijin . After graduating from elementary school , he returns to Fukui to care for his grandfather . After returning to Fukui , he quits karuta because his grandfather died while Arata was competing in a karuta tournament to rise to A-rank . However , after Chihaya and Taichi visit him in Fukui , he regains his resolve to play competitive karuta again . He has beaten `` The Queen '' Shinobu Wakamiya and is aiming to beat `` Master '' Hishashi Suo to claim the position of `` Master '' . Arata cherishes his friendship with both Chihaya and Taichi , albeit romantically to Chihaya . Later in the manga , Arata confesses his love to Chihaya , also informing her of his move back to Tokyo . Arata then excuses himself , leaving Chihaya flustered and speechless .
Mizusawa High School Karuta Club
Portrayed by : Mone Kamishiraishi
A girl with a taste for the classics , Kanade is a quiet girl who works in a kimono store and loves all kinds of traditional clothing . She is quite knowledgeable about the true meanings behind the One Hundred Poems and joins the karuta club on the condition that they start wearing hakama . Her dream is to become an official reader and be able to read for Chihaya 's Queen match . She knows that Taichi has feelings for Chihaya and tells him to do his best .
Portrayed by : Yuma Yamoto
A rather tubby boy who is reluctantly often called by Chihaya . Once a top karuta player who had previously played against Chihaya , Arata and Taichi in an elementary school tournament , Yūsei quit karuta after suffering a defeat against Arata and took up tennis as a refuge . However , Chihaya manages to remind him how he used to play for fun and he ends up joining the karuta club . While he is talented in karuta , focusing on a defensive style , he gets shaken up really easily .
Portrayed by : Yuki Morinaga
An intelligent boy in Chihaya 's class who is second only to Taichi in test scores . Often tied to his desk and anti-social , he feels that nothing is worth doing unless it makes you smarter . However , Chihaya and Taichi help to convince him that karuta involves a lot of strategy and he joins the club . As the progress within the series , Tsutomu has improved social skill to his teammates , especially Kanade . He is now the karuta strategist of the team , taking down notes in every game .
Played by : Mio Yuki
A girl who joins the Karuta Club at the start of Chihaya 's second year . Having been dumped by her boyfriend on the first day of school , she becomes desperate to find a new boyfriend and immediately develops a crush on Taichi , which he does not return . Sumire initially joins the club in order to get close to Taichi , but after she inadvertently told that to the club members , she was convinced by Kanade to stay and devote herself to karuta . Her feelings for Taichi become genuine as she spends more time around him . She even stands up to Taichi 's mother , who wanted to stop him from competing in a karuta tournament . Although she is new to the game , she tends to show strong emotions when reading poems .
Played by : Hayato Sano
A boy who joins the Karuta Club at the start of Chihaya 's second year . He is originally from Hokkaido and is a master at playing second verse karuta using two hands . He joins the club to learn how to play first verse karuta . He comes from a family who is attracted to pretty people , and has three younger brothers who admire him . At the beginning , he would sometimes do sneaky acts ( such as changing the order of his teammates before games ) so that he could show off his skills in front of his brothers . He and his brothers admire Chihaya for both her playing skills and beauty , and several instances show that he has a small crush on Chihaya .
Portrayed by : Miyuki Matsuda
Nicknamed `` Empress '' , she is the advisor of the Karuta Club and also the homeroom teacher of Ayase and Tsutomu . Although initially unreceptive to Karuta , she gradually warms up when she witnesses how serious the club members are playing Karuta .
Meijin and Queen
Portrayed by : Mayu Matsuoka
The primary antagonist of the Chihayafuru series .
The current Queen of Karuta , the national champion of the women 's division , she is also the youngest Queen in history . When she was younger there was this girl that was a close Karuta friend , but because Shinobu was very skilled in Karuta she was n't allowed to play Karuta with kids her age . She was always isolated from others .
The current Meijin of Karuta , the national champion of the men 's division . He began karuta in college , and took three years to take the title of Meijin . He has since defended the title 5 times . His favourite food is sweets .
Shiranami Karuta Society
Portrayed by : Jun Kunimura
Chairman of the Shiranami Karuta Society . Harada provides karuta instruction in Fuchū , Tokyo . In elementary school Chihaya , Taichi and Arata develop their karuta skills and form their first team under Harada 's supervision . Throughout the series he is a karuta mentor as well as a confidant who teaches his pupils life lessons . An accomplished karuta competitor Harada participates at the highest levels in karuta tournaments . In the manga and the anime he is a medical doctor who runs the Harada Clinic of Internal Medicine and Paediatrics . In the live action trilogy Harada 's profession is Kannushi , or Shinto priest who operates a Shinto shrine .
Ace of the Shiranami Karuta Society . Made it to the Meijin Challenger Finals as the Eastern Representative but lost to his opponent . Currently the advisor for Homei High School Karuta Team .
, ,
Tsukuba Akihiro 's younger brothers .
Suihoku Karuta Society
Chairman of Suihoku Karuta Society . He has a deep-seated rivalry with Hidehiro Harada .
A , one time , Queen of Karuta , who lost the title to Shinobu Wakamiya . After her defeat , Yamamoto continues her participation in competitive karuta as the strongest representative of Suihoku . At twenty-four years of age she works as a bank teller . Prior to attaining the national women 's title , Yamamoto 's karuta gamesmanship involved contesting decisions with opponents . As former Queen she resumes her card challenging arguments during a heated match against Chihaya , whom she defeats to progress to the next round of the Eastern Japan qualifiers . That year Yamamoto is ultimately defeated , as the national challenger , by reigning champion Shinobu Wakamiya . At Shuihoku Karuta Society , Yamamoto provides advice and guidance to up-and-coming members , such as Tomihara West High School student Setsuna Hayami .
Nagumo Karuta Society
Chairman of Fukui Nagumo Karuta Society .
A-Class member of Fukui Nagumo Karuta Society . Always practices with Arata .
Member of Fukui Nagumo Karuta Society who is still in elementary school .
Myoujou Karuta Society
Chairman of Kyoto Myojo Karuta Society , where Wakamiya Shinobu used to play at .
Shinobu 's childhood friend .
Hokuo High School
Portrayed by : Hiroya Shimizu
Portrayed by : Ryotaro Sakaguchi
Advisor of Hokuo High School Karuta Club .
Fujisaki High School
and
Advisor of the Fujisaki High School Karuta Club .
Akashi First Girls ' School
Advisor of the Karuta Club .
Shoyo High School
Yamaguchi Miyoka High School
Advisor of the Karuta Club .
Chiba International School of Information Sciences
Takechi High School
Homei High School
Tomihara West High School
Karuta club member and Japanese calligraphy student , admirer of Ogata Kōrin .
Member of Suihoku Karuta Society , who also participates in individual karuta tournaments outside the high school setting .
Shuryukan High School
Fukui West High School
Jinnan Academy
Advisor of Karuta Club .
Other competitors
Played by : Masane Tsukayama
Arata 's grandfather , who died before the beginning of the series . He was an excellent karuta player in the past , who gave Arata life lessons whenever he is at a disadvantage .
1st year Meijin Challenger .
Chihaya 's opponent during the match that earned Chihaya her promotion to class A .
Maiden name Chihara . Former Queen .
Readers
1 out of 7 Certified Readers . 7 Dan .
Voiced by : Javier Lopez ( English )
Reader of the CD used for Practice . 7 Dan .
Karuta Society Committee Members
National Society Chairman . 10 Dan .
High School Competitor Disciplinary Committee Chair . 6 Dan .
Family members
Portrayed by : Alice Hirose
Chihaya 's big sister , who works as a model . She has doubts about her modeling career ; but she gets determined again after watching her sister focus on Karuta all the time .
Chitose and Chihaya 's mother .
Chitose and Chihaya 's dad .
Taichi 's mother .
Taichi 's sister .
Kanade 's mother .
Arata 's mother .
Arata 's dad .
Shinobu 's mother .
Kyoto Diet representative .
Yusei 's elder sister .
Other characters from Misuzawa High School
Other characters
Arata 's neighbour in Fukui .
Manager of the bookstore where Arata work part-time .
He is a fan of Megumu Osaka .
References
Chihayafuru
Taiynsha ( , ) is a district of North Kazakhstan Region in northern Kazakhstan . The administrative center of the district is the town of Taiynsha . Population :
Demography
Kazakh 26.8 % ( 15.7k )
Polish 22.4 % ( 13.2k )
Russian 21.7 % ( 12.7k )
Ukrainian 12.7 % ( 7.4k )
German 9.9 % ( 5.8k )
Belarusian 3.2 % ( 1.9k )
Geography
Part of Shaglyteniz lake is located in the district .
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
North Kazakhstan Region
Wilhelm Josef `` Willy '' Schaeffler ( 13 December 1915 – 9 April 1988 ) was a German-American skiing champion , winning coach , and ski resort developer . In skiing , he is best known to the public for his intensive training programs that led the U.S . Ski Team to gold and bronze medals at the 1972 Olympics and his success at the University of Denver . In development circles , he is known for his role in the development of Vail and Whistler Blackcomb , and his efforts to build Mineral King and Independence Lake in California .
Early years
Schaeffler was born in Kaufbeuren Bavaria , on 13 December 1915 . Working in the mountains as a shepherd , he was a competitive skier by age eight . In 1932 , at age sixteen , he was the winner of Bavarian Alpine Championships . Schaeffler was named to the German Olympic team for 1936 , but broke both legs before the IV Winter Games in Garmisch-Partenkirchen , and was unable to compete .
World War II
When World War II broke out in 1939 , Schaeffler was drafted into the German Army as a `` political unsafe , '' because of a family history of opposition politics , and eventually ended up on the Russian Front . Captured and tortured by the Soviets , he escaped and made it west to Austria , where after recovering from grave injuries , he joined the anti-Nazi resistance , known as the Austrian Underground , with forces working in the Austrian Alps .
Following the war , Schaeffler trained the United States Army Europe in rock climbing and alpine skiing , and in this role taught General George Patton and other high-ranking U.S. military personnel how to ski and rock climb . This , and his romance with American Betty Durnford , his future wife of 14 years , was his ticket to United States emigration ; he moved to the U.S. with Betty under her sponsorship in the spring of 1948 .
United States
Instructor
In June 1948 , Schaeffler wrote to Larry Jump , who was setting up the Arapahoe Basin ski area in Colorado , looking for work as a ski instructor . Jump hired Schaeffler , who moved with his new wife to Colorado that year and introduced the alpine skiing technique known as `` short-swing , '' which remained the standard beginner training technique across North America for decades . In late 1957 , Sports Illustrated featured Schaeffler and parts of this new technique in a two-issue cover story , titled `` Revolution In Skiing . '' The article featured remarkable pencil drawings by renowned artist and content innovator Robert Riger .
University of Denver
Schaeffler was hired for his second job at the University of Denver ; he was the coach of the
Pioneers ski team from 1948–1970 and was also the coach of its soccer team from 1962–1969 . Under his tutelage , in 22 years , his D.U . Pioneers won 13 of 18 NCAA national championships , which began with the inaugural edition in 1954 .
In general competition , Denver placed in the top three 122 times out of 123 meets , with 100 of those being first-place . This record of wins and places stands unchallenged in the world to this day . Thirty-three of his racers were named to the NCAA All-American teams , and fifteen to Olympic and World Championship teams . Otto Tschudi , Marv Crawford , Keith Wegeman , and Chuck Ferries are among his premier Pioneers .
Design
In 1957 , Schaeffler became the Director of Ski Events for the 1960 Winter Olympics in Squaw Valley , California , and was responsible for designing the alpine courses . It was here that he began his lifelong friendships and associations with both John F. Kennedy and Walt Disney .
In the early 1970s , Schaeffler was part of the group that submitted the winning bid for the 1976 Winter Olympics for Denver in 1970 ; but this bid was withdrawn by the voters of Colorado in late 1972 , and the games returned to Innsbruck in 1976 for a second time in twelve years . Schaeffler 's work on the design of the runs at Squaw Valley had placed him in high demand around across North America and around the world as a ski area and ski run designer , and over the next two and a half decades , he consulted with dozens of ski resorts . One of these was the original plan for what is today the Whistler Blackcomb resort , site of the alpine events of the 2010 Winter Olympics . His design for the downhill course , later named for Dave Murray , was used decades later as the main alpine course for those games .
Administrator
In 1970 , Schaeffler was named as Director of the U.S. Alpine Ski Team ; Schaeffler held this position until 1973 . During this period , he served as head coach for the U.S. team at the 1972 Winter Olympics in Sapporo , Japan , where the women 's team won gold and bronze medals . Not surprisingly , Schaeffler was often referred to as `` America 's Most Successful Ski Coach '' .
Schaeffler was largely responsible for moving the U.S. National Ski Team to its permanent headquarters in Park City , Utah , in 1974 and established the first national ski training center here . He laid out large parts of the area , including several runs on Ski Team Ridge , known as the U.S . Ski Team training runs . Today , a ski run is named in his honor at Park City , called `` Willy 's Run . '' Another run in Beaver Creek , Colorado , called `` Willy 's Face , '' is also dedicated to the memory of Schaeffler . A third , in the ski area Willy Schaeffler helped found , Arapahoe Basin , in Colorado , also bears his name , titled `` Pioneer Willy . '' Especially in his work as a technical delegate for the International Ski Federation ( FIS ) , Schaeffler was passionate about ski and ski racing safety .
Schaeffler developed a special intensive training program for his skiers , plus he planned and proposed a sports medicine program , and a traveling medical team for his athletes . Schaeffler was also one of the founders of Professional Ski Instructors of America ( PSIA ) , separating instructor training within the USSA into an independent organization .
Developer
During the 1970s , Schaeffler worked with Walt Disney , in an effort to open new ski resorts . The first project , in Mineral King , expanded greatly during design and was eventually planned to host more than a million visitors a year . The Sierra Club objected and a lengthy series of court cases followed , until the Disney organization finally gave up on the idea , citing costs and delays , following Disney 's death in late 1966 . A second attempt followed at Independence Lake near Mt . Lola in northern California , just north and not far from Lake Tahoe . A similar series of environmental lawsuits followed , and these plans were also abandoned , along with much of Disney 's interest in the ski market .
Awards
In 1968 , Schaeffler received USSA 's highest award for outstanding service to the sport of skiing , named the Julius Blegen Award . The next year , he received the USSA Rocky Mountain Division 's highest award , the Halstead Trophy , for outstanding service . Schaeffler was inducted into Colorado Sports Hall of Fame in 1972 and the National Ski Hall of Fame two years later . In 1977 , he assisted in the formation of the Special Olympics , focused on disabled skiers , along with Arapahoe Basin 's Larry and Marnie Jump , and the Kennedy family .
Legacy
At age 72 , Schaeffler died at St. Luke 's hospital in Denver in April 1988 , after enduring five open-heart surgical procedures and a pacemaker implanted over the previous seventeen years . Established by his son Jimmy , a permanent set of scholarships at the University of Denver today pays further tribute to Schaeffler . One is a foreign exchange scholarship for disabled student-athletes , with a preference for competitive skiers ; the other is a foreign exchange scholarship for able-bodied student athletes , also with a preference for competitive skiers ; a third is the Willy Schaeffler Norwegian Scholarship Fund . Currently , an additional Willy Schaeffler endowment fund is in its early stages , a ski coach 's fund supporting the head alpine coach at the University of Denver .
References
Notes
In 1986 , the Willy Schaeffler Scholarship Fund was created at D.U . by Willy 's son , Jimmy Schaeffler . The fund provides full scholarships for disabled and able-bodied ski athletes .
Bibliography
( Jump ) , `` Arapahoe Basin Records '' , Denver Library
( Coach ) , `` Schaeffler to coach U.S. national skiers '' , The Montreal Gazette , 26 May 1970
( Plaque ) , `` Markers and Monuments Database : Wilheim `` Willy '' Schaeffler '' , Utah Department of Community and Culture
( Fame ) , `` Wilhelm Josef `` Willy '' Schaeffler 1915–1988 '' , Colorado Ski and Snowboard Hall of Fame
( Fund ) , `` Willy Schaeffler Scholarship Fund Benefits Disabled Scholar-Athletes '' , Denver Pioneers , 19 May 2009
( Walking ) , `` 2010 Village Olympic Walking Tour '' , Whistler Museum & Archives Society
External links
Colorado Sports Hall of Fame – Willy Schaeffler
1915 births
1988 deaths
German emigrants to the United States
People from Kaufbeuren
Sportspeople from Swabia ( Bavaria )
Denver Pioneers men 's soccer coaches
American soccer coaches
German Army personnel of World War II
German prisoners of war in World War II held by the Soviet Union
Satish Kaul ( born 6 February 1985 ) is an Austrian cricketer . He played for Austria in the 2011 ICC European T20 Championship Division One tournament .
References
1985 births
Living people
Austrian cricketers
Cricketers from Jalandhar
Agnes Basilia Tjongarero ( born 17 May 1946 ) is a Namibian politician .
Tjongarero was born on 17 May 1946 in Walvis Bay , South Africa ( today Namibia ) . Between 1968 and 1975 she trained as nurse , midwife , nursing manager and nursing educator , and then worked as a lecturer at a nursing college until 1992 .
Tjongarero also was active in various sport administration roles . She was president of the Namibia Netball Association between 1993 and 1997 and vice chairperson of the Namibia Sports Commission between 2006 and 2009 . She is the president of the Namibia National Olympic Committee since 1997 .
Tjongarero is a member of SWAPO . She was appointed to the National Assembly in 2010 by president Hifikepunye Pohamba . In 2015 she was appointed deputy Minister of Sport , Youth and National Service .
In March 2020 , she was promoted to minister .
References
Women government ministers of Namibia
Youth ministers of Namibia
Sports ministers of Namibia
SWAPO politicians
1946 births
Living people
Namibian nurses
Namibian midwives
Based in Brazil , Clube do Hardware ( meaning `` Hardware Club '' in Brazilian Portuguese ) is one of the largest websites about computers in South America and also one of the biggest in the world . According to Alexa , as of 2018 , Clube do Hardware is the 185th most accessed website in Brazil .
Clube do Hardware publishes tutorials , articles , reviews , and news about computer hardware and has a very active forum where users can discuss technology topics .
It has a very engaged community , with the largest Brazilian team at the Folding @ Home project .
History
It was created in 1996 by the Brazilian PC hardware expert Gabriel Torres , initially as a personal webpage on Geocities with the title `` Hardware by Gabriel Torres '' as a portfolio of his work . In 1997 the author registered the domain gabrieltorres.com with the website , changing its name to `` Hardware Site . '' The final name , Clube do Hardware , was adopted in 1999 .
References
External links
Computing websites
Online computer magazines
Internet forums
Magazines established in 1996
Magazines published in Brazil
Portuguese-language magazines
Leslie Harris is the president and chief executive officer of the Center for Democracy and Technology ( CDT ) in Washington , D.C. in the United States . Harris joined CDT in 2005 as executive director . She manages the organization and serves its chief spokesperson , and has occasionally testified before Congress .
CDT prepared a detailed Internet policy document for the Obama administration and Harris said she felt the administration had listened .
She founded Leslie Harris & Associates , and has worked for People for the American Way and the American Civil Liberties Union . She holds a law degree from Georgetown University Law Center and a bachelor 's degree from the University of North Carolina .
References
External links
Georgetown University Law Center alumni
University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill alumni
American women chief executives
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
American women lawyers
American technology chief executives
American nonprofit chief executives
21st-century American women lawyers
The Open Championship is an annual golf competition held in the United Kingdom that was established in 1860 . It is played on the weekend of the third Friday in July , and is the last of the four major championships to be played each year . In addition , this championship is conducted by The Royal and Ancient Golf Club of St Andrews ( R & A ) . The championship was not held in 1871 due to a disagreement over a new trophy , from 1915 to 1919 and from 1940 to 1945 due to the First and Second World Wars respectively , and in 2020 due to the COVID-19 pandemic .
The reigning champion of the competition is automatically invited to play in the other three majors ( Masters , the U.S. Open , and the PGA Championship ) for the next five years . The prize of the tournament is the Golf Champion Trophy , commonly known as the Claret Jug , and the champion personally keeps the trophy until the next competition the following year . The champion also receives a gold medal , which they are allowed to keep permanently . Until 1870 the champion received the Challenge Belt , however when Tom Morris Jr. ( more commonly known as Young Tom Morris ) won the Open Championship three times in a row he won the belt outright , necessitating the need for a new trophy .
Harry Vardon holds the record for the most Open Championship victories , winning six times during his career . The oldest winner of the Open Championship is Tom Morris Sr. ( or Old Tom Morris ) who was old when he won in 1867 . His son , Tom Morris Jr. , is the youngest winner of the championship , he was old when he won the 1868 Open Championship . He also won the most consecutive times with four victories ( 1868–1872 ) . Henrik Stenson and Cameron Smith hold the distinction of being both the most strokes under par for 72 holes ( −20 ) , which they achieved in 2016 and 2022 respectively . Stenson also recorded the lowest total score ( 264 ) when he won in 2016 . Smith is the current champion , winning the 2022 Open .
Champions
By year
Multiple champions
By nationality
Notes
References
Bibliography
External links
The Open Championship official site
R & A website
List
Open Champ
Roger Dangeville ( 1 June 1925 , Moselle – 9 September 2006 , Mérindol-les-Oliviers ) was a left communist activist most noted for his translation of Karl Marx 's Grundrisse and his work with Jacques Camatte .
Dangeville was of Alsatian origin , growing up bilingual . He had working class parents , Pierre Dangeville and Catherine Siegler He studied philosophy in Paris . In 1956 he was recruited to the International Communist Party ( ICP ) in 1956 by Suzanne Voûte . He soon started work on his translation of the Grundrisse , with some partial translations being circulated within the ICP by 1959 . For ten years he worked closely with Amadeo Bordiga , but broke with ICP in 1966 . His following collaboration with Jacques Camatte , who left the ICP at the same time , was short lived . While Camatte went on to found Invariance , Dangeville founded Le fil du temps which ran from December 1967 to 1976 when the thirteenth and final issue appeared .
Aside from producing a range of translations of the work of Karl Marx he also translated Karel Kosík 's Dialektika konkrétního ( Dialectics of the Concrete ) into French .
References
1925 births
2006 deaths
French communists
Left communists
Higher Secondary Education
The Board of Secondary and Higher Secondary Education in Bangladesh recognizes `` Higher Secondary Education '' under the clause 1 ( 5 ) of the `` Board of Trustees '' . Higher Secondary Education comprises ( a ) general , ( b ) vocational , ( c ) technical , or ( d ) special education with the combination of varied courses . It is the continuation of the `` Secondary Education Courses '' and it precedes the `` Tertiary Education '' governed by the Universities . Class XI - XII is the range of `` Higher Secondary Education '' that roughly covers 16-17 years of age group youth in the context of Bangladesh . The Higher Secondary Certificate ( HSC ) is a public examination credential in Bangladesh , India , and Pakistan . HSC is equivalent to GCE A Level in England and 3rd and 4th year of high schools in the United States .
India
In India , the HSC/Intermediate and PUC Certificates is known as Class 12th certificate also known as +2 Certificates which is awarded for Senior high school students by Almost all National and State Boards and also for Junior college students by some state boards after the successful completion upon the higher secondary exam conducted at the state level by the state boards of education like Rajasthan Board , Maharashtra Board , Andhra Pradesh Board , Karnataka Board , West Bengal Board , Bihar Board and many others as Intermediate , SSC ( Senior School Certificate ) and PUC Exams at end of the Class 12th and at the national level by the national boards of education like Central Board of Secondary Education ( CBSE ) as All India Senior School Certificate Examination ( AISSCE ) , Council for the Indian School Certificate Examination ( CISCE ) as Indian School Certificate ( ISC ) , and National Institute of Open Schooling ( NIOS ) . CBSE conducts this once a year , NIOS conducts this twice a year in public examinations with an option of on-demand examinations . On the other hand , the 10th class exam which is also conducted at state level by the state boards of education and at the national level by the Central Board of Secondary Education and in India this exam is known as SSC exam . There are a total of upto 6 subjects out of these 5 are main subjects and 1 is additional in HSSC exam , which are different for different State Board but common in case of Central Board of Secondary Education .
HSSC exam consists of total 1100 Marks which means , 550 in HSSC 1 and 550 in HSSC 2 . Students can give supplementary/improvement exams in September/October or by the new rule of fbise , next year with HSSC 2 Examination
Bangladesh
After 10 years of schooling at the primary and secondary level , maybe years of passing students ( 16+ ) who succeed in passing the Secondary School Certificate ( SSC ) examination have the option of joining a college for a two-year higher secondary education in respective areas of specialization or enrolling in a technical or polytechnic institute . After the two-year higher secondary education based on the national curriculum , one has to sit for the public examination called the Higher Secondary Certificate examination conducted by the education boards .
Students of Islamic religious and English medium streams also sit for their respective public examinations , Alim and A-Level , conducted by the Bangladesh Madrasah Education Board and London/Cambridge University to qualify for further education . Every year , the HSC exam usually starts in April in Bangladesh , and the routine gets published two months before the examination .
There are nine Boards of Intermediate and Secondary Education responsible for conducting the public examinations also responsible for recognizing the private educational institutes .
Because of the COVID-19 pandemic , after a lot of speculation and considerations , the concerned authority decided not to arrange a Higher Secondary Certificate or equivalent examination for the year 2020 . Results from two prior exams , JSC and SSC , were averaged and used as the score .
In 2021 , the date and subjects of HSC exam were revised to abridge for the first time . The HSC Exam was held on 2nd December and continued till 30th December with only three major subjects for the group of the students . 26,784 institutions participated in the exam under nine education boards together with 16,35,240 candidates .
Higher Secondary Certificate Examination
The Board of Intermediate and Secondary Education conducts the public examinations like : `` Secondary School Certificate Exam ( SSC ) '' and `` Higher Secondary School Certificate Exam ( HSC ) , and recognizes the private sector secondary and intermediate level educational institutions .
There are eleven ( 11 ) education Boards to conduct their tasks :
Board of Intermediate and Secondary Education , Dhaka .
Board of Intermediate and Secondary Education , Rajshahi .
Board of Intermediate and Secondary Education , Cumilla .
Board of Intermediate and Secondary Education , Jashore .
Board of Intermediate and Secondary Education , Chattogram .
Board of Intermediate and Secondary Education , Barishal .
Board of Intermediate and Secondary Education , Sylhet .
Board of Intermediate and Secondary Education , Dinajpur .
Board of Intermediate and Secondary Education , Mymensingh .
Bangladesh Madrassa Education Board .
Bangladesh Technical Education Board .
`` The Ordinance of the Board '' is controlled by the East Pakistan Intermediate and Secondary Education Ordinance , 1961 ( East Pakistan Ordinance No . XXXIII of 1961 ) and its amendments No . XVI of 1962 and No . XVII of 1977 . Under the East Pakistan Ordinance No . XXXIII of 1961 , Dhaka Board is established in 1961 . In pursuance of the Presidential Proclamation on the 7th October , 1958 , Rajshahi Board established in 1961 ( East Pakistan Ordinance No . XXXIII of 1961 ) . The Cumilla Board is established in 1962 in the pursuance of the amendments No . XVI of 1962 . Jashore Board is established in 1963 by the Government Order- 737 . Then it was named as `` Intermediate and Secondary Education Board , Khulna Division , Jashore '' though it was renamed in 1965 as `` Intermediate and Secondary Educaion Board , Jashore '' . The Technical Board was established on the 7th March , 1967 in pursuance of the Gazette no- 175 . The Madrassa Education Board is established under `` The Madrasa Education Ordinance No . IX of 1978 '' in 1978 . The Chattogram Education Board is established in 15th May , 1995 , Brishal Education Board is established in August 23 , 1999 , Sylhet Board is established in 1999 , and Dinajpur Board is established in 22nd October , 2006 . The Government forms a new Education Board in Mymensingh in August , 2017 ; now the total education board becomes 11
History
The Society for Promoting Christian Knowledge ( SPCK ) was the first step from the British government to spread practical needs education along with religious education . In 1824 , the General Committee of Public Instruction was established and it proposed to include the moral education in the India subcontinent . Then , the establishment of a Directorate of Public Instruction ( DPI ) was made at each province in 1854 by the proposal of the Woods Education Dispatch .
The Hunter Commission , the first education commission in India suggested the introduction of `` A '' Course ( Literature ) and `` B '' Course ( Technical Education ) and guided to establish higher education through private entrepreneurship and the government colleges to remain under divisional management . The Sadler Commission in 1917 had the proposal to introduce two years of university education merged among the colleges as Higher Secondary Education . Then in 1944 ; the Sergent Plan proposed the secondary education for children aged between 11-17 years .
The Akram Khan Committee and The Ataur Rahman Khan Commission were established consecutively in 1947 and 1957 to revise the education system . As a result ; East Pakistan Secondary Education Board was established to conduct the examination of the secondary level institutions . This Board was split and 6 boards were established at each division in pursuance of the Ordinance- 1961
After the independence of Bangladesh the Government directly controlled secondary and higher secondary education and nationalized a good number of schools and colleges . The office of the Director of Public Instruction ( DPI ) was updated to rename as the Directorate of Secondary and Higher Education ( DSHE ) in 1981
Pakistan
The Higher Secondary School Certificate ( HSSC ) , also known as Intermediate , is a public examination taken by the students of Higher Secondary School or Intermediate college ( Junior college ) in Pakistan . After finishing Matriculation in Grade 9 and 10 , the students then enter an intermediate college and complete grades 11 and 12 . Upon completion of each of the two grades , they again take standardized tests in their academic subjects . They are offered by provincial boards at provincial level and by FBISE at the federal level . Upon successful completion of these examinations , students are awarded the Higher Secondary School Certificate ( HSSC ) . This level of education is also called the FSc/FA/ICS . There are many streams students can choose for their 11 and 12 grades , such as pre-medical , pre-engineering , humanities ( or social sciences ) , computer science and commerce . Each stream consists of three electives and as well as three compulsory subjects of English , Urdu , Islamiyat ( grade 11 only ) and Pakistan Studies ( grade 12 only ) .
References
Further reading
Mohsin Bashir , and Shoaib Ul-Haq , `` Why madrassah education reforms do n't work in Pakistan . '' Third World Quarterly ( 2019 ) 40 # 3 pp . 595–611 .
Muhammad Qasim Zaman , `` Religious education and the rhetoric of reform : The madrasa in British India and Pakistan . '' Comparative Studies in Society and History 41.2 ( 1999 ) : 294–323 online .
Secondary education in Bangladesh
School qualifications of India
Education in Nepal
School qualifications of Pakistan
Secondary school qualifications
The Premier Hits is a compilation album by Gary Numan released in March 1996 on the Polygram TV record label . The album reached No 21 in the UK Albums Chart , leaving the chart after three weeks . It currently stands as the best selling compilation by Gary Numan . The album was promoted by the re-released 1987 remixed version of `` Cars '' ( ' E ' Reg Model ) , re-titled as the 'Premier Mix ' in a TV advert campaign for Carling Premier lager . The single reached No 17 , making the third time that `` Cars '' has reached the top 40 in the UK Singles Chart .
All the tracks were digitally remastered in November 1995 and the enclosed twelve page colour booklets contains photos and an essay by long term Numan collaborator Steve Malins . All the single sleeves are also illustrated with the unexplained exception of Stormtrooper in Drag and Love Needs No Disguise .
The album was reissued in 1997 by Beggars Banquet as Premier Hits with a different sleeve design ( again taken from the Dance album photo session ) . Currently the album stands as the most famous and highest selling Gary Numan compilation , and was certified Silver by the BPI in March 2015 .
The album was again reissued in August 2015 by Beggars Banquet as Premier Hits as a 2LP Vinyl set , while seeing a change of the track listing . It involves the removal of the `` Cars '' 'Premier Mix ' while the addition of four bonus tracks , “ Metal ” , `` We Are So Fragile '' , `` Films '' and `` Me , I Disconnect From You '' .
Track listing
Original 1996 release listing .
`` Cars '' ( Premier Mix ) – 3:40 Previously released as the ' E Reg Model ' remix from the 1987 compilation album Exhibition .
`` I Die : You Die '' – 3:43 from Telekon
`` Are 'Friends ' Electric ? '' – 5:23 from Replicas
`` Down in the Park '' – 4:23 from Replicas
`` We Are Glass '' – 4:47 from Telekon
`` Bombers '' – 3:54 Non-album single
`` We Take Mystery ( To Bed ) '' – 3:43 from I , Assassin
`` She 's Got Claws '' – 4:56 from Dance
`` Complex '' – 3:12 from The Pleasure Principle
`` Music For Chameleons '' – 3:40 from I , Assassin
`` That 's Too Bad '' – 3:20 Non-album single
`` This Wreckage '' – 5:24 from Telekon
`` Warriors '' – 4:09 from Warriors
`` Love Needs No Disguise '' – 4:38 from the Dramatis album For Future Reference ; also appended to some versions of Dance
`` White Boys and Heroes '' – 3:37 from I , Assassin
`` Sister Surprise '' – 5:01 from Warriors
`` Stormtrooper in Drag '' – 4:53 from Dance
`` Cars '' – 3:55 from The Pleasure Principle
Reissued 2015 Vinyl release listing
`` Cars '' – 3:55 from The Pleasure Principle
`` I Die : You Die '' – 3:43 from Telekon
`` Are 'Friends ' Electric ? '' – 5:23 from Replicas
`` Down in the Park '' – 4:23 from Replicas
`` We Are Glass '' – 4:47 from Telekon
`` Metal '' – 3:22 from The Pleasure Principle
`` We Are So Fragile '' – 2:53 from Replicas
`` Bombers '' – 3:54 Non-album single
`` We Take Mystery ( To Bed ) '' – 3:43 from I , Assassin
She 's Got Claws '' – 4:56 from Dance
`` Complex '' – 3:12 from The Pleasure Principle
Music For Chameleons '' – 3:40 from I , Assassin
That 's Too Bad '' – 3:20 Non-album single
`` This Wreckage '' – 5:24 from Telekon
`` Films '' – 4:09 from The Pleasure Principle
`` Warriors '' – 4:09 from Warriors
`` Me ! I Disconnect From You – 3:22 from Replicas
`` Love Needs No Disguise '' – 4:38 from the Dramatis album For Future Reference ; also appended to some versions of Dance
`` White Boys and Heroes '' – 3:37 from I , Assassin
`` Sister Surprise '' – 5:01 from Warriors
`` Stormtrooper in Drag '' – 4:53 from Dance
Charts
Certificates
References
1996 compilation albums
Gary Numan compilation albums
Beggars Banquet Records compilation albums
The Oklahoma Sooners women 's basketball team represents the University of Oklahoma ( OU ) and competes in the Big 12 Conference of NCAA Division I .
History
OU women 's basketball began during the 1974–75 academic year . In March 1990 , Oklahoma officials released a statement saying that the women 's basketball program was to be dropped , after many years of sub-par performance and low attendance . Many people voiced their complaints and eight days later , OU reinstated the program . At the time , the average attendance per game was 65 people . In 1996 , Oklahoma hired former Norman High School women 's basketball coach Sherri Coale to the same position at the university . The Sooner women 's basketball team developed in years since to status as a leader in attendance across the nation . The Sooners averaged attendance of 6,851 in 2011–12 at home games , and the support for the sport led to Oklahoma hosting first and second-round games in the Women 's NCAA Basketball Championships at Lloyd Noble Center in Norman . The Sooners also set a record on February 2 , 2009 , when they played host to the number 13 Tennessee Lady Volunteers , led by coach Pat Summit , who was trying to get career victory 1,000 , something that no other coach had done before . The attendance for that game , which was held at the Ford Center in Oklahoma City , was close to 13,000 as well as setting a record for the most watched women 's basketball game in history . The Sooners led the Big 12 conference in attendance as well . As with the men 's team , they call Lloyd Noble Center home .
The program gained national prominence during the 2002 post-season when they advanced to the national title game and lost to the University of Connecticut Huskies . In the 2005–06 season , the Sooners were led by their coach Sherri Coale and the nationally known sophomore twins Courtney and Ashley Paris , daughters of former San Francisco 49ers offensive tackle Bubba Paris , to the third round of the national tournament . The team also won the Big 12 regular-season championship ( with a 16–0 conference record ) and the Big 12 Tournament . They became the first Big 12 women 's basketball team to remain undefeated throughout conference play .
In the 2008–09 season , the Sooners made it to the Final Four of the 2009 NCAA Division I women 's basketball tournament . They advanced through the Oklahoma City Regional , where they enjoyed considerable home court advantage , as Norman and Oklahoma City are separated by fewer than 20 miles .
The 2010–11 and 2011–12 seasons failed to result in regional championships and NCAA Final Four appearances . Playing through rigorous non-conference schedules and a rugged Big 12 slate , the Sooners received No . 6 seeds each of the two years . The 10–11 team advanced through the Charlottesville , Virginia , first and second round site with a win over nearby James Madison University and an upset win over the University of Miami Hurricanes . The season came to an abrupt halt in Dayton , Ohio , in the Sweet Sixteen , with the team falling to No . 2 seed Notre Dame , which steamrolled to a national championship appearance that year . The 11–12 team failed to make it past the No . 3 seed St. John 's Red Storm in a 74–70 defeat in front of several thousand Sooner fans in Norman , Oklahoma . St. Johns lost in the Sweet Sixteen to the Duke Blue Devils in Fresno , California .
Oklahoma City hosted an NCAA regional in March 2013 .
The 2012–13 Sooners missed graduating senior Jelena Serena , but retained the rest of the team . Adding to the corps were two National Top 20 recruits , Maddie Manning and Nicole Kornet , and Sooners Jasmine Hartman and Lyndsey Cloman rejoined the active roster . Both Hartman and Cloman sat out the entire 2011–12 season with injuries .
Conferences
Oklahoma has played in the Big 8 and the Big 12 conferences . The Sooners joined the Big 12 in 1996 when the Big 8 merged with four former members of the defunct Southwest Conference .
Coaches
Since its formation in 1974 the team has been led by eight different head coaches with the most recent being Sherri Coale who retired after the 2020–21 season .
NCAA Tournament history
The Sooners reached the NCAA tournament and Sweet Sixteen for the first time in 1986 . In 1995 , Oklahoma made their second trip to the tourney , falling in the second round .
After another break , the Sooners made their third appearance in the 1999–2000 season , and have become a mainstay in the tournament since then , entering the field of 64 every year since . In that time period , the Sooners have reached three Final Four appearances , which is tied for 9th in NCAA Women 's Basketball History . Since 2002 , the Sooners ' first appearance , their three appearances ties them for fifth , behind Tennessee ( 6 ) , Connecticut ( 5 ) , Stanford ( 5 ) and Louisiana State ( 5 ) .
Year by year results
Conference tournament winners noted with # Source
|-style= '' background : # ffffdd ; ''
| colspan= '' 8 '' align= '' center '' | Big Eight Conference
|-style= '' background : # ffffdd ; ''
| colspan= '' 8 '' align= '' center '' | Big 12 Conference
NCAA tournament results
The Sooners have appeared in 21 NCAA tournaments , with a record of 33-21 .
References
External links
Teghra is a village in Bihiya block of Bhojpur district in Bihar , India . As of 2011 , its population was 3,049 , in 420 households . It is located northeast of Bihiya , at a crossroads , with one road running north–south from Jhaua to Jagdishpur and the other running east–west from Arrah to Shahpur .
References
Villages in Bhojpur district , India
Graciella may refer to :
Graciela ( given name )
Graciela ( 1915–2010 ) , Cuban singer
Graciella ( genus ) , genus of longhorn beetle
See also
Graziella , an 1852 French novel
Kim Myung-gon ( born December 3 , 1952 ) is a South Korean actor , screenwriter and music director . He is best known for starring in and writing the screenplay of Korean film classic Seopyeonje , for which he won Best Actor at the 1993 Blue Dragon Film Awards . Kim was also Korea 's Minister of Culture and Tourism from March 2006 to May 2007 .
Kim is a pansori performer . He was chairman of the organizing committee of the Jeonju International Sori Festival ( Sound of Voice & Music ) from 2009 to 2010 .
He taught Theater and Film as an instructor at Woosuk University from 1997 to 1998 , then taught Theater as a visiting professor at Korea National University of Arts in 1999 .
Kim founded the Arirang Theatre Company in 1986 , where he was active until 1999 . He then became president of the National Theater of Korea from 2000 to 2005 . He directed Korean stage play adaptations of Karl Wittlinger 's Do You Know the Milky Way ? in 2009 , and Arthur Miller 's Death of a Salesman ( starring Lee Soon-jae and Jeon Moo-song ) in 2013 . Kim also produced Endless Voyage in 2012 , a stage performance mixing ballet and traditional Korean dance .
In 2012 , Kim published his autobiography Dreaming Clown , which elaborates on his various experiences with the arts and government .
Filmography
As actor
Idol ( 2019 )
Your Honor ( TV , 2018 )
Along with the Gods : The Last 49 Days ( 2018 )
Misty ( TV , 2018 )
Steel Rain ( 2017 )
Live Up to Your Name ( TV , 2017 )
The Scholar Who Walks the Night ( TV , 2015 )
The King 's Face ( TV , 2014 )
The Admiral : Roaring Currents ( 2014 )
Mango Tree ( 2013 )
Masquerade ( 2012 )
Bridal Mask ( TV , 2012 )
King Sejong the Great ( TV , 2008 )
My Heart ( 2000 )
A+ Life ( 1998 )
The Bait ( 1998 )
Wind Echoing in My Being ( 1997 )
48 + 1 ( 1995 )
Declaration of Genius ( 1995 )
The Taebaek Mountains ( 1994 )
In a Handful of Time ( 1993 )
A Casual Trip ( 1994 )
The Eternal Empire ( 1994 )
Seopyeonje ( 1993 )
Myong-Ja Akiko Sonia ( 1992 )
Fly High Run Far ( 1991 )
Ggok-Ji-Ddan ( 1990 )
Kot-ji ( 1990 )
The Man with Three Coffins ( 1988 )
Hello Im Kuk-jeong ( 1987 )
A Wanderer Never Stops on the Road ( 1987 )
Seoul Emperor ( 1986 )
Kod-ji ( 1986 )
Eoudong ( 1985 )
Declaration of Fools ( 1984 )
Widow Dance ( 1984 )
The Green Pine Tree ( 1983 )
As screenwriter
Chunhyang ( 2000 ) ( script editor )
A Casual Trip ( 1994 )
Seopyeonje ( 1993 )
As music director
Grown-ups Just Do n't Understand ( 1988 )
Springtime of Mimi and Cheol-su ( 1987 )
When a Woman Applies Makeup Twice ( 1984 )
Jealousy ( 1983 )
Book
Dreaming Clown : Kim Myung-gon 's Autobiography ( 2012 )
Awards
1993 14th Blue Dragon Film Awards : Best Actor ( Seopyeonje )
References
External links
Kim Myung-gon at Korean Film Biz Zone
1952 births
Living people
South Korean male television actors
South Korean male film actors
South Korean screenwriters
Seoul National University alumni
Dongguk University alumni
Gimhae Kim clan
The Venetian Lagoon ( ; ) is an enclosed bay of the Adriatic Sea , in northern Italy , in which the city of Venice is situated . Its name in the Italian and Venetian languages , —cognate of Latin , `` lake '' —has provided the English name for an enclosed , shallow embayment of salt water , a lagoon .
Location
The Venetian Lagoon stretches from the River Sile in the north to the Brenta in the south , with a surface area of around . It is around 8 % land , including Venice itself and many smaller islands . About 11 % is permanently covered by open water , or canal , as the network of dredged channels are called , while around 80 % consists of mud flats , tidal shallows and salt marshes . The lagoon is the largest wetland in the Mediterranean Basin .
It is connected to the Adriatic Sea by three inlets : Lido , Malamocco and Chioggia . Sited at the end of a largely enclosed sea , the lagoon is subject to high variations in water level , the most extreme being the spring tides known as the ( Italian for `` high water '' ) , which regularly flood much of Venice .
The nearby Marano-Grado Lagoon , with a surface area of around , is the northernmost lagoon in the Adriatic Sea and is called sometimes the `` twin sister of the Venice lagoon '' .
Development
The Lagoon of Venice is the most important survivor of a system of estuarine lagoons that in Roman times extended from Ravenna north to Trieste . In the sixth century , the Lagoon gave security to Romanised people fleeing invaders ( mostly the Huns ) . Later , it provided naturally protected conditions for the growth of the Venetian Republic and its maritime empire . It still provides a base for a seaport , the Venetian Arsenal , and for fishing , as well as a limited amount of hunting and the newer industry of fish farming .
The Lagoon was formed about six to seven thousand years ago , when the marine transgression following the Ice Age flooded the upper Adriatic coastal plain . Deposition of river sediments compensated for the sinking coastal plain , and coastwise drift from the mouth of the Po tended to close tidal inlets with sand bars .
The present aspect of the Lagoon is due to human intervention . In the fifteenth and sixteenth centuries , Venetian hydraulic projects to prevent the lagoon from turning into a marsh reversed the natural evolution of the Lagoon . Pumping of aquifers since the nineteenth century has increased subsidence . Originally many of the Lagoon 's islands were marshy , but a gradual programme of drainage rendered them habitable . Many of the smaller islands are entirely artificial , while some areas around the seaport of the Mestre are also reclaimed islands . The remaining islands are essentially dunes , including those of the coastal strip ( Lido , Pellestrina and Treporti ) .
Venice Lagoon was inhabited from the most ancient times , but it was only during and after the fall of the Western Roman Empire that many people , coming from the Venetian mainland , settled in a number large enough to found the city of Venice . Today , the main cities inside the lagoon are Venice ( at the centre of it ) and Chioggia ( at the southern inlet ) ; Lido di Venezia and Pellestrina are inhabited as well , but they are part of Venice . However , the most part of the inhabitants of Venice , as well as its economic core , its airport and its harbor , stand on the western border of the lagoon , around the former towns of Mestre and Marghera . At the northern end of the lagoon , there is the town of Jesolo , a famous sea resort ; and the town of Cavallino-Treporti .
Ecosystem
Occasionally , bottlenose dolphins enter the lagoon , possibly for feeding .
The level of pollution in the lagoon has long been a concern The large phytoplankton and macroalgae blooms of the late 1980s proved particularly devastating . Researchers have identified the lagoon as one of the primary areas where non-indigenous species are introduced into the Mediterranean Sea .
Negative effects to the environment such as air pollution , loss of landscape , surface water pollution , erosion , and decreasing water quality have occurred due to the emission and impacts of cruise ships transiting into the Venetian Lagoon .
From 1987 to 2003 , the Venice Lagoon was harmed by a relevant reduction of the nutrient inputs and of the macroalgal biomasses due to climate change ; of the concentrations distributions of total nitrogen , organic phosphorus and organic carbon in the upper sediments . Meanwhile , the seagrasses started a natural process of recolonization , restoration the pristine conditions of the marine ecosystem .
Islands
The Venice Lagoon is mostly included in the Metropolitan City of Venice , but the south-western area is part of the Province of Padua .
The largest islands or archipelagos by area , excluding coastal reclaimed land and the coastal barrier beaches :
Venice 5.17 km
Sant'Erasmo 3.26 km
Murano 1.17 km
Chioggia 0.67 km
Giudecca 0.59 km
Mazzorbo 0.52 km
Torcello 0.44 km
Sant'Elena 0.34 km
La Certosa 0.24 km
Burano 0.21 km
Tronchetto 0.18 km
Sacca Fisola 0.18 km
San Michele 0.16 km
Sacca Sessola 0.16 km
Santa Cristina 0.13 km
Other inhabited islands include :
Cavallino
Lazzaretto Nuovo
Lazzaretto Vecchio
Lido
Pellestrina
Poveglia
San Clemente
San Francesco del Deserto
San Giorgio in Alga
San Giorgio Maggiore
San Lazzaro degli Armeni
Santa Maria della Grazia
San Pietro di Castello
San Servolo
Santo Spirito
Sottomarina
Vignole
See also
List of islands of Italy
Magistrato alle Acque
MOSE Project
Notes
References
Further reading
Additional editions printed in 1900 , 1904 , & 1909 ; paperback in 2008 .
External links
Atlas of the Lagoon - 103 thematic maps and associated explanations grouped in five sections : Geosphere , Biosphere , Anthroposphere , Protected Environments and Integrated Analysis
SIL – Sistema Informativo della Laguna di Venezia
Lagoon of Venice information
Satellite image from Google Maps
MILVa – Interactive Map of Venice Lagoon
Comune di Venezia , Servizio Mobilità Acquea , Thematic cartography of Venice Lagoon
Photo gallery by Enrico Martino about Venice 's lagoon small islands , night life
Geography of Venice
Chioggia
World Heritage Sites in Italy
Bays of Italy
Bays of the Adriatic Sea
Ramsar sites in Italy
Lagoons of Italy
7 Most Endangered Programme
Sexual differentiation in humans is the process of development of sex differences in humans . It is defined as the development of phenotypic structures consequent to the action of hormones produced following gonadal determination . Sexual differentiation includes development of different genitalia and the internal genital tracts and body hair plays a role in sex identification .
The development of sexual differences begins with the XY sex-determination system that is present in humans , and complex mechanisms are responsible for the development of the phenotypic differences between male and female humans from an undifferentiated zygote . Females typically have two X chromosomes , and males typically have a Y chromosome and an X chromosome . At an early stage in embryonic development , both sexes possess equivalent internal structures . These are the mesonephric ducts and paramesonephric ducts . The presence of the SRY gene on the Y chromosome causes the development of the testes in males , and the subsequent release of hormones which cause the paramesonephric ducts to regress . In females , the mesonephric ducts regress .
Divergent sexual development , known as intersex , can be a result of genetic and hormonal factors .
Sex determination
Most mammals , including humans , have an XY sex-determination system : the Y chromosome carries factors responsible for triggering male development . In the absence of a Y chromosome , the fetus will undergo female development . This is because of the presence of the sex-determining region of the Y chromosome , also known as the SRY gene . Thus , male mammals typically have an X and a Y chromosome ( XY ) , while female mammals typically have two X chromosomes ( XX ) .
Chromosomal sex is determined at the time of fertilization ; a chromosome from the sperm cell , either X or Y , fuses with the X chromosome in the egg cell . Gonadal sex refers to the gonads , that is the testis or ovaries , depending on which genes are expressed . Phenotypic sex refers to the structures of the external and internal genitalia .
6 weeks elapse after fertilization before the first signs of sex differentiation can be observed in human embryos . The embryo and subsequent early fetus appear to be sexually indifferent , looking neither like a male nor a female . Over the next several weeks , hormones are produced that cause undifferentiated tissue to transform into either male or female reproductive organs . This process is called sexual differentiation . The precursor of the internal female sex organs is called the Müllerian system .
Reproductive system
By 7 weeks , a fetus has a genital tubercle , urogenital groove and sinus , and labioscrotal folds . In females , without excess androgens , these become the clitoris , urethra and vagina , and labia .
Differentiation between the sexes of the sex organs occurs throughout embryological , fetal and later life . This includes both internal and external genital differentiation . In both males and females , the sex organs consist of three structures : the gonads , the internal genitalia , and the external genitalia . In males , the gonads are the testes and in females they are the ovaries . These are the organs that produce gametes ( egg and sperm ) , the reproductive cells that will eventually meet to form the fertilized egg ( zygote ) .
As the zygote divides , it first becomes the embryo ( which means 'growing within ' ) , typically between zero and eight weeks , then from the eighth week until birth , it is considered the fetus ( which means 'unborn offspring ' ) . The internal genitalia are all the accessory glands and ducts that connect the gonads to the outside environment . The external genitalia consist of all the external reproductive structures . The sex of an early embryo can not be determined because the reproductive structures do not differentiate until the seventh week . Prior to this , the child is considered bipotential because it can not be identified as male or female .
Internal genital differentiation
The internal genitalia consist of two accessory ducts : mesonephric ducts ( male ) and paramesonephric ducts ( female ) . The mesonephric system is the precursor to the male genitalia and the paramesonephric to the female reproductive system . As development proceeds , one of the pairs of ducts develops while the other regresses . This depends on the presence or absence of the sex determining region of the Y chromosome , also known as the SRY gene . In the presence of a functional SRY gene , the bipotential gonads develop into testes . Gonads are histologically distinguishable by 6–8 weeks of gestation .
Subsequent development of one set and degeneration of the other depends on the presence or absence of two testicular hormones : testosterone and anti-müllerian hormone ( AMH ) . Disruption of typical development may result in the development of both , or neither , duct system , which may produce morphologically intersex individuals .
Males : The SRY gene when transcribed and processed produces SRY protein that binds to DNA and directs the development of the gonad into testes . Male development can only occur when the fetal testis secretes key hormones at a critical period in early gestation . The testes begin to secrete three hormones that influence the male internal and external genitalia : they secrete anti-müllerian hormone ( AMH ) , testosterone , and dihydrotestosterone ( DHT ) . Anti-müllerian hormone causes the paramesonephric ducts to regress . Testosterone converts the mesonephric ducts into male accessory structures , including the epididymis , vas deferens , and seminal vesicle . Testosterone will also control the descending of the testes from the abdomen into the scrotum . Many other genes found on other autosomes , including WT1 , SOX9 and SF1 also play a role in gonadal development .
Females : Without testosterone and AMH , the mesonephric ducts degenerate and disappear . The paramesonephric ducts develop into a uterus , fallopian tubes , and upper vagina . There still remains a broad lack of information about the genetic controls of female development , and much remains unknown about the female embryonic process .
External genital differentiation
Males become externally distinct between 8 and 12 weeks , as androgens enlarge the phallus and cause the urogenital groove and sinus to fuse in the midline , producing an unambiguous penis with a phallic urethra , and a thinned , rugate scrotum . Dihydrotestosterone will differentiate the remaining male characteristics of the external genitalia .
A sufficient amount of any androgen can cause external masculinization . The most potent is dihydrotestosterone ( DHT ) , generated from testosterone in skin and genital tissue by the action of 5α-reductase . A male fetus may be incompletely masculinized if this enzyme is deficient . In some diseases and circumstances , other androgens may be present in high enough concentrations to cause partial or ( rarely ) complete masculinization of the external genitalia of a genetically female fetus . The testes begin to secrete three hormones that influence the male internal and external genitalia . They secrete anti-müllerian hormone , testosterone , and Dihydrotestosterone . Anti-Müllerian hormone ( AMH ) causes the paramesonephric ducts to regress . Testosterone , which is secreted and converts the mesonephric ducts into male accessory structures , such as epididymis , vas deferens and seminal vesicle . Testosterone will also control the descending of the testes from the abdomen into the scrotum . Dihydrotestosterone , also known as ( DHT ) will differentiate the remaining male characteristics of the external genitalia .
Further sex differentiation of the external genitalia occurs at puberty , when androgen levels again become disparate . Male levels of testosterone directly induce growth of the penis , and indirectly ( via DHT ) the prostate .
Alfred Jost observed that while testosterone was required for mesonephric duct development , the regression of the paramesonephric duct was due to another substance . This was later determined to be paramesonephric inhibiting substance ( MIS ) , a 140 kD dimeric glycoprotein that is produced by sertoli cells . MIS blocks the development of paramesonephric ducts , promoting their regression .
Secondary sexual characteristics
Breast
Visible differentiation occurs at puberty , when estradiol and other hormones cause breasts to develop in typical females .
Psychological and behavioral differentiation
Human adults and children show many psychological and behavioral sex differences . Some ( e.g . dress ) are learned and cultural . Others are demonstrable across cultures and have both biological and learned determinants . For example , some studies claim girls are , on average , more verbally fluent than boys , but boys are , on average , better at spatial calculation . Some have observed that this may be due to two different patterns in parental communication with infants , noting that parents are more likely to talk to girls and more likely to engage in physical play with boys . Because researchers can not explore hormonal influences on human behavior experimentally , the relative contributions of biological factors and learning to human psychological and behavioral sex differences ( especially gender identity , role , and sexual orientation ) are controversial ( and hotly contested ) .
Current theories on mechanisms of sexual differentiation of brains and behavior in humans are based primarily on three sources of evidence : animal research involving manipulation of hormones in early life , observation of outcomes of small numbers of individuals with intersex conditions or cases of early sex reassignment , and statistical distribution of traits in populations ( e.g. , rates of homosexuality in twins ) . Many of these cases suggest some genetic or hormonal effect on sex differentiation of behavior and mental traits . This has been disputed as poor interpretation of scientific methodology .
Intersex variations
The following are some of the variations associated with atypical determination and differentiation process :
A zygote with only X chromosome ( XO ) results in Turner syndrome and will develop with female characteristics .
Congenital adrenal hyperplasia - Inability of adrenal to produce sufficient cortisol , leading to increased production of testosterone resulting in severe masculinization of 46 XX females . The condition also occurs in XY males , as they suffer from the effects of low cortisol and salt-wasting , not virilization .
Persistent müllerian duct syndrome - A rare type of pseudohermaphroditism that occurs in 46 XY males , caused by either a mutation in the Müllerian inhibiting substance ( MIS ) gene , on 19p13 , or its type II receptor , 12q13 . Results in a retention of Müllerian ducts ( persistence of rudimentary uterus and fallopian tubes in otherwise normally virilized males ) , unilateral or bilateral undescended testes and sometimes causes infertility .
XY differences of sex development - Atypical androgen production or inadequate androgen response , which can cause incomplete masculinization in XY males . Varies from mild failure of masculinization with undescended testes to complete sex reversal and female phenotype ( Androgen insensitivity syndrome )
Swyer syndrome . A form of complete gonadal dysgenesis , mostly due to mutations in the first step of sex determination ; the SRY genes .
A 5-alpha-reductase deficiency results in atypical development characterized by female phenotype or undervirilized male phenotype with development of the epididymis , vas deferens , seminal vesicle , and ejaculatory duct , but also a pseudovagina . This is because testosterone is converted to the more potent DHT by 5-alpha reductase . DHT is necessary to exert androgenic effects farther from the site of testosterone production , where the concentrations of testosterone are too low to have any potency .
Timeline
See also
Neuroscience of sex differences
Sex differences in humans
Further reading
Josso , Nathalie . ( May 10 , 2008 ) . Sex Determination . Differences of Sex Determination . June 26 , 2012 .
Rodolfo Rey . ( November 10 , 2009 ) . Externalgenitalia . Endotext . June 26 , 2012 .
Minireview : Sex Differentiation .
References
Sources
Epigenetics
Human reproduction
Physiology
The Shangani Patrol was a patrol of the British South Africa Company that was ambushed by Matabele warriors in 1893 .
Shangani Patrol may also refer to :
Shangani Patrol ( film ) , a 1970 war film
Shangani Patrol ( soundtrack album )
Christina Lochman-Balk ( October 8 , 1907 – March 8 , 2006 ) was an American geologist who specialized in the study of Paleozoic era fossils , formerly known as Cambrian Paleontology . Lochman specifically dealt with Cambrian trilobites and invertebrates . During her career , it was not very common for women to pursue degrees or careers in geology , which was studied mostly by men . Along with her research , she also served as a lecturer and professor at the universities Mount Holyoke , University of Chicago and the New Mexico Institute of Mining and Technology . She received two degrees from Smith College in Northampton , Massachusetts in Geology , and her doctorate at Johns Hopkins University in 1933 . She married Robert Balk in 1947 , who was a geology professor at the University of Chicago . Following her husband 's death in 1955 , she became a full professor as well as appointed head of the geology department of the New Mexico Institute of Mining and Technology in 1957 . She retired from her position in 1972 .
Teaching career
After completing her university studies , Lochman-Balk accepted teaching positions in the Faculty of Geology at Mount Holyoke women 's college , during her time there ( 1935-1947 ) that Lochman-Balk was promoted and recognized as an associate professor , an especially commendable achievement for a woman in her time . In 1947 , Lochman-Balk moved to the University of Chicago with her husband and fellow geologist Robert-Balk , who was a professor of geology . She became a lecturer at the same university , rather than a professor , due to issues with nepotism because of her relationship with Robert Balk .
Lochman-Balk was unable to keep her designation of associate professor that she previously held at Mount Holyoke at the University of Chicago because it would violate contemporary nepotism rules , due to her close relationship with a current professor ( her husband Robert Balk ) rather than based on her merit as a geologist . After her short career at the University of Chicago , in 1952 Christina Lochman-Balk moved to Socorro , New Mexico as her husband was offered a job at the New Mexico Institute of Mining and Technology as a member of the State Bureau of Mines and Mineral Resources . Christina also worked for the New Mexico Institute of Mining and Technology where she was a lecturer . Lochman-Balk was also given the title of `` Dean of Women '' which gave her the responsibility of monitoring and coordinating the activities and concerns of female students attending the institution . Lochman-Balk 's husband Robert passed away on February 19 , 1955 when the plane he was travelling on mysteriously crashed into the Domingo Baca Canyon rock spire known as Dragon 's tooth .
After her husband 's death , Christina Lochman-Balk continued her work as a lecturer at the New Mexico Institute of Technology and Mining until she became a full professor and the head of the geology department in 1957 . Lochman-Balk 's colleague Clay T. Smith stated that because of her renown in the fields of geology and paleontology , Lochman-Balk heightened the prestige of the program immediately . This allowed the department to provide more students with the opportunity to receive a Ph.D. in Earth Sciences . Christina Lochman-Balk retired from New Mexico Tech in 1972 . She later served 2 years as a strategic geologist for the New Mexico Bureau of Mines . Upon her retirement , New Mexico Tech honored Lochman-balk with the title of emerita professor , a designation given only to female professors who made distinguished contributions to academia .
Research
Intermittently throughout Lochman-Balk 's career as a geologist , she researched differing aspects of Cambrian era paleontology , geology and stratigraphy throughout the United States ; including Missouri , Texas , Montana , Wyoming , Idaho , and Newfoundland as well as the Taconic region in New York and the Caborca region of Mexico . Lochman-Balk 's vast knowledge of Cambrian era trilobites gave her the opportunity to contribute to a variety of journals and publications in the field of Biology . These include but are not limited to ; the Treatise on invertebrate paleontology in 1959 , Cambrian biostratigraphy of North America in 1958 and the Upper Cambrian Faunal Patterns on the Craton in 1970 .
Geological era of study
The fauna Lochman-Balk studied are mainly from the Cambrian Period . Within this time frame , there are the Upper , Middle and Lower Cambrian epochs . In the mountains of Montana , she studied mainly the Upper Cambrian epoch 's fauna and some of the Middle Cambrian fauna . Her research also came across fauna from the Lower Ordovician epoch . One of the main early Cambrian epoch organisms she studied were Trilobites . These were a group of extinct arachnomorph arthropods from the class Trilobita . In addition to a strong focus on Trilobites specifically , Lochman-Balk was a pioneer in the study of Paleozoic Stratigraphy . She studied many of the periods contained within the Paleozoic era and the organisms during the era . It is at the end of this era in which Trilobites go extinct .
Location of study
The Cambrian fauna sequences appear across North America and Europe . Lochman-Balk was able to contribute enormously to the research of the Lower Cambrian Faunas while located in New York . To continue her research of the Upper Cambrian Faunas , Lochman-Balk relocated towards the west , in the Rocky Mountains , located in Montana . Lochman-Balk focused her research along Lodge Pole Creek because of an unbroken Upper Cambrian Sequence and the presence of exposed Middle Cambrian sequences . There was great difficulty locating fossils due to the rarity of the occurrence in the Cambrian sequences , the limited direct exposure to the faunas and the easy damage to the shells of the fossils .
Discoveries made
After many studies of different basins throughout North America , Lochman-Balk was able to relate fossilized deadwood , and Cambrian fossil layers ( e.g . trilobites , brachiopods ) in various river basins , establishing a common chronology between the areas . While working at the New Mexico Institute of Mining and Technology Lochman-Balk worked with James Lee Wilson in establishing a generalized description , and timeline of the Cambrian era biostratigraphy in areas of North America . During this same work they discovered that the fauna during the late and middle Cambrian era 's did not have such a contrasting evolutionary spike as that found in the late Dresbachian , and Franconian era 's . This being the case they were able to establish that the fossils have remained unchanged for a long-time period . This set of characteristics makes it hard to establish a more precise timeline than could be developed with fossils found in the late Dresbachian and Franconian era 's . That being said , the widespread distribution of Cambrian era fossils across North America made them a helpful index fossil . As more places were discovered that contained the fossils , it became easier to give context to the entire biostratigraphy in those areas . In 1939 , Lochman-Balk 's research lead her to an advanced conclusion that the Elvinia zone of the basal Franconian had a more direct correlation to the base of the European section of the Upper Cambrian as opposed to the previously believed location of the Cedaria zone in the North American section . In the years following , additional information and evidence was collected supporting this discovery as geologists were becoming more familiar with the faunas of North American zones . Lochman-Balk 's work involving this concept enabled future zonal correlations to be much more exact .
Notability
During the era in which Lochman-Balk 's career took place ( 1933-1972 ) women were beginning to enter nontraditional professions and striving to succeed in fields dominated by men . Lochman-Balk was able to rise through the ranks and continually achieve titles and recognition that few women had ever received in the field of Geology through her own merit . She achieved great success and acclaim within the fields of geology and paleontology , being elected a fellow of both the '' American Association for the Advancement of Science '' and the `` Geological Society of America '' . In 1996 , Lochman-Balk was recognized for her contribution to paleontology receiving the `` Presidents Citation '' from the paleontology society .
References
20th-century American geologists
American paleontologists
1907 births
2006 deaths
American women geologists
Women paleontologists
Mount Holyoke College faculty
New Mexico Institute of Mining and Technology faculty
Smith College faculty
University of Chicago faculty
Johns Hopkins University alumni
Smith College alumni
20th-century American women scientists
People from Socorro , New Mexico
American women academics
21st-century American women
Faire chabrot or faire chabròl is an ancient Occitanian custom whereby at the end of a soup or broth , one adds red wine to the bowl to dilute the remnants and brings it to the lips to drink in big gulps .
History
Chabrot was usually performed with soups such as bréjaude or garbure . This action required use of a traditional container used for serving soups , such as a deep , spherical bowl or dish . This container usually had no handles , was made of clay , in a dome form and somewhat narrow . This practice was very popular historically . It is still practised today notably among older people in the countryside .
People from Périgord perform fà chabroù , in Limousin one performs chabrot , while in Provence , Frédéric Mistral explains that cabroù comes from the Latin capreolus . To faire chabrot , therefore , is `` to drink like a goat . '' In Poitou and in Saintonge , the word `` godaille '' is also used . In Gascon , they use the term godala ( likely a metathesis of goulade , `` gulp '' ) .
The practice may have arisen in places where food was scarce but wine was plentiful ( and perhaps of low quality ) , as it ensures that essentially all the soup is consumed but some small amount of wine is likely to go to waste .
This practice appears to have existed north of the Loire : in the last volume of Chronique des Pasquier , Georges Duhamel writes of a longstanding practice , `` It was a custom of my father , '' which was called champorot and was chabrot .
Modern usage
Chabrot continues , notably in the Southwest of France . Jean Rebier ( 1879-1966 ) , founder of the revue Lemouzi , describes the practice of chabrot as still relevant , `` The soupe is regularly followed by a nice chabròl . '' Just as the ethnologist Albert Goursaud , deceased 1975 , still talks about in the present , in his book The traditional rural society of Limousin : ethnography and folklore of Haut-Limousin and Basse-Marche published the year after his death . In his work , he distinguishes lost traditions from those that continued at the time he wrote it . Chabrot was performed commonly , at least in the countryside , just until the middle of the 20th century .
Catalan Jaume Fàbrega , born in 1948 , indicates in Cuina del país dels càtars that while young , he witnessed at home lo cabròt . Roland Manoury , musicologist and poet of Auvergne , created a march of glory for chabrot that is traditionally accompanied by accordion . Its refrain asserts :
Today , chabrot is considered an old and rural gesture , but on certain occasions it can be performed in all environments , in a spirit of connivance and friendliness . During a meal between gastronomists , Philippe Faure-Brac , the best sommelier ( wine steward ) in the world in 1992 , owner of « Bistrot du Sommelier » in Paris , and member of GJE , rose and asked for permission to perform chabrot with the rest of his cream of mushroom soup and some 1998 Cheval Blanc . Pierre Lurton , director of the societies of châteaus of Yquem and Cheval Blanc , replied by pouring the bottom of his glass into the soup . Everyone did the same . This modern version of chabrot consisted of tasting the mixture with a spoon , but no one drank directly from the dish .
See also
Notes
References
Albert Goursaud , La société rurale traditionnelle en Limousin : ethnographie et folklore du Haut-Limousin et de la Basse-Marche , V. I . 1976 . Éd . G.-P. Maisonneuve et Larose ,
French soups
Occitan cuisine
Candice Burch ( born 26 August 1988 ) is an Australian politician who was a Liberal member of the Australian Capital Territory Legislative Assembly . Candice Burch is not to be confused with nor is biologically related to Joy Burch , who is another member of the ACT Legislative Assembly . Candice Burch was one of three Canberra Liberals who lost their seat in the 2020 ACT Election . Since losing her seat in the Assembly , Candice now works as Public Affairs and Communications Manager for the Pharmaceutical Society of Australia .
Election and Work in the ACT Legislative Assembly
Burch was elected in a count-back held on 11 December 2017 to fill the casual vacancy for the Kurrajong electorate caused by the death of Steve Doszpot , and was declared elected on 13 December . Burch stated that it was not easy to take the seat in such difficult circumstances . However , her 'deep-rooted passion ' for freedom , equal opportunity and small government led her to take up the challenge . In her inaugural speech , Burch noted that her sudden election was reflective of the 'unexpected nature of life and Hare-Clark ' . Burch stated that being a member of the ACT Legislative Assembly involves a lot of hard work and a genuine desire to represent one 's constituents .
Burch 's election marked the first female-majority Liberal opposition in Australia . Another motivating factor for Burch was to assist in removing barriers to gender equality . She noted in her inaugural speech that being a Liberal and being a woman are not incompatible identities .
Burch became the Liberals ' Shadow Minister for Transport & Public Sector Management and was a fierce opponent of the Canberra Light Rail . In the portfolio Burch was responsible for policy in relation to transport and road safety . In her role , Burch fought against what she saw as poorly managed and directed bus routes , which in tandem with the light rail caused great transport issues in the ACT . Burch has noted that her proudest achievement was her campaign mounted against the ACT Government 's cuts for school buses and the reversal of a number of those cuts .
Early career
Burch was born in South Africa , and emigrated to Australia at a young age . She graduated from the Australian National University with a Bachelor of Arts and Bachelor of Economics . She was previously employed in the Australian Public Service , most recently as an assistant director in the Department of Finance .
Burch has stated that she has had a keen interest in local politics since she was a young person . After moving to Canberra in 2007 , Burch became the ANU Liberal Club President in 2010 and the ACT Young Liberal President in 2014 . Burch noticed extraordinary levels of Government debt and believed it was important to put up her hand and to have a young person involved in the decisions of how public money is spent .
2020 ACT Election
The 2020 ACT Election saw seat loses for both Labor and the Liberals . Alongside James Milligan and Andrew Wall , Burch was one of three Liberals to lose their seat . Burch was battling for the fifth Kurrajong seat of which she narrowly lost to the ACT Greens ' Rebecca Vassarotti .
During the 2020 ACT Election , an internal ACT Liberal Party investigation revolved around the illegal destruction of Burch 's campaign material by former ACT Young Liberal President , Ben Dennehy . Throughout the campaign , hundreds of Candice Burch corflutes ( i.e . political signage ) were systematically destroyed under the cover of darkness . The investigation allegedly found video evidence of Ben Dennehy vandalising Burch 's campaign material . The investigation culminated in Ben Dennehy 's resignation from the party in early 2021 alongside a second ACT Young Liberal who was not named . Almost a year on at the 2021 Canberra Liberals Annual General Meeting in December , party members continued to ask questions and called for the party president to give a public apology to Burch . At the meeting , one party member stated : `` To this day there would be party members who would be unaware of the cruel campaign ... that was waged against Candice by two of our own ... I implore the Division to apologise to Candice for failing to meet its duty of care . ''
Personal life
Burch has also made public that she is a supporter of the Sydney Swans AFL team and the Canberra Brave Ice Hockey team . Additionally , she notes that she is an avid reader , stating after her electoral loss “ I 'm most excited about having time off and getting back to my reading list ” . Burch is a distant cousin of Australian actress Liz Burch . Burch herself has appeared in television as herself on ABC 's The House and Weekend Edition .
References
1988 births
Living people
Liberal Party of Australia members of the Australian Capital Territory Legislative Assembly
Members of the Australian Capital Territory Legislative Assembly
Australian public servants
Australian National University alumni
South African emigrants to Australia
21st-century Australian politicians
A louage is a minibus share taxi in Tunisia . In French , the name means `` rental . '' Departing only when filled with passengers not at specific times , they can be hired at stations . Louage ply set routes , and fares are set by the government .
In contrast to other share taxis in Africa , louage are sparsely decorated . These white vans sport a single colored stripe that alerts potential passengers to the type of transport they offer . Red-striped vans travel from one state to another , Blue which travels from city to city within a state , and yellow which serves rural locales . Blue-striped louage can also be seen . Small placards atop the vans specify either a van 's exact destination or the town in which it is registered .
In 2014 , a one and a half hour trip cost about US $ 2 , and an intra-city journey , approximately US $ 1 .
At some louage stations , tickets can be purchased at a booth and given to the driver , although this practice was rarely followed .
Prior to the introduction of vans , French-made station wagons were used as louage .
References
Share taxis
Public transport in Tunisia
Transport in Tunisia
A bombolone ( , pl . bomboloni ) is an Italian filled doughnut ( similar to the Berliner , krafne , pączek etc . ) and is eaten as a snack food and dessert . The pastry 's name is etymologically related to bomba ( bomb ) , and the same type of pastry is also called bomba ( pl . `` bombe '' ) in some regions of Italy . The etymological connection is probably due to the resemblance to a grenade or old-fashioned bomb and may today possibly also be regarded as a reference to the high calorie density of this recipe ( i.e. , a `` calorie bomb '' ) .
History
While bomboloni may be primarily connected to Tuscany , they are traditional to other regions of Italy , although with slight variations on the recipe . In those areas that used to be under Austrian rule , such as Trentino Alto-Adige , Veneto and Friuli-Venezia Giulia , the tradition of bomboloni is believed to have originated from that of Austrian `` krapfen '' ( i.e. , Berliner ) , and the recipe includes eggs , which are not found in the Tuscan variety .
Pasticcerie sometimes have handwritten signs for them , and food writer Emily Wise wrote that visitors might not be as taken with hot filled doughnuts in an area with wild boar salami and sandwiches with truffle oil on offer , but that residents of Tuscany enjoy them even at the beach . They are also sold from carts on the beach and are a bit distinct from the filled doughnuts in other countries by having the filling put in from the top , where it is sometimes visible , rather than injected from the side .
The Voce restaurant in New York has served them with chocolate sauce and Florentines have been said to prefer the bomboloni caldi ( hot ) at Buscioni , where they 're served `` straight from the oven '' and filled with custard , chocolate , or marmalade .
Italian singer Gianna Nannini 's 1996 compilation is titled Bomboloni and includes the song `` Bomboloni '' with lyrics about hot doughnuts and bombs . The music video features tribal dancing , costumes , round black bombs with fuses , and many doughnuts being eaten , hit with baseball bats , and thrown around .
See also
References
External links
__notoc__
Italian pastries
Italian doughnuts
Stuffed desserts
The Age of Innocence ( , also called Minors ) is a 1976 Soviet film directed by Vladimir Rogovoy and written by Edward Topol . It is not based on the novel The Age of Innocence , instead being a juvenile delinquency film set in the contemporary Soviet Union .
Plot
Russian teenager Zhenya Prokhorov returns home from military service and his friend Kostya from a corrective labor colony . They try to stay out of trouble and find a place in the world .
Cast
Vladimir Letenkov - Zhenya Prokhorov
Stanislav Zhdanko - Kostya Sila
Leonid Kayurov - `` Gogol ''
Pavel Nikolai - Shurik
Nikolay Muravyov - police major
Vera Vasilyeva - Polina Borisovna , teacher , Zhenya 's mother
Yuri Medvedev - policeman Kuvaev
Igor Oshotin - Alka
Nadezhda Rumyantseva - Alka 's mother
Yuri Kuzmenkov - Alka 's father , an alcoholic
Reception
The Soviet journal Cinema Art gave The Age of Innocence a negative review .
It was the highest-grossing film in the Soviet Union for 1977 , with 44.6 million tickets sold .
References
External links
( in Russian , no subtitles )
1976 drama films
Soviet crime drama films
Gorky Film Studio films
Films directed by Vladimir Rogovoy
Soviet teen films
Ben Hibon is a Swiss animation director . Hibon was born in Geneva , Switzerland , where he completed studies in Fine Art . He moved to London in 1996 to study Graphic Design at the Central Saint Martins College of Art and Design , followed by a master 's degree at the same school .
Hibon created in-game sequences for the Capcom 's 2005 video game Killer7 . He also designed and directed a segment for Tokyo Zombie , a Japanese horror film written and directed by the infamous Sakichi Sato .
Hibon 's short film Codehunters premiered at the MTV Asia Awards 2006 held in Bangkok , Thailand . Since its release , Codehunters has been shown in more than 50 festivals all around the world , and received nominations at the Raindance Film Festival and the Rushes Shorts Festival . It won a gold award for Best Animation at the Promax/BDA Asia awards in 2006 , the Imagina Award 07 for best short film , a D & AD Nomination for Animation , and most recently the highly coveted Golden Nica award at the Prix Ars Electronica 2007 .
In early 2007 , Sony PlayStation commissioned Hibon to create and direct an animated series inspired by their flagship PlayStation 3 game Heavenly Sword . The episodes , made available weekly as a lead-up to the game 's release , are also featured on the game disc as extras .
Hibon assisted David Yates in directing the animated short of The Tale of The Three Brothers in Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 1 . He is currently lined up to direct Pan , a dark contemporary version of the story of Peter Pan .
Hibon 's work has been recognized by Promax , British Animation Awards , Creative Circle , D & AD , OFFF , Flash Forward Festival/NY and shown at festivals such as Raindance , Rushes Soho Short , onedotzero , Resfest , Art Futura , the Berlin Interfilm Festival , the Edinburgh and Stockholm International Film Festivals . His commercial work includes clients such as Sony PlayStation , Electronic Arts , Renault , MTV Europe , MTV Asia , Sega , Puma , Capcom , Channel4 , Namco , Nissan and Kwik Fit .
In August 2020 , it was announced that Hibon will serve as director , executive producer and creative lead on Nickelodeon 's Star Trek : Prodigy .
Filmography
Parasite ( 2002 , as director , producer , writer )
Killer7 ( 2005 , animation , miscellaneous )
Codehunters ( 2006 , as director , writer )
Heavenly Sword ( 2007 , as series director )
Hellboy II : The Golden Army ( 2008 , animation )
Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 1 ( 2010 , animation director )
Mirror Mirror ( 2012 , animation )
A.D .
Star Trek : Prodigy ( 2021 , as director , executive producer , and creative lead )
References
External links
Living people
Swiss animators
Swiss animated film directors
Swiss animated film producers
1977 births
Film people from Geneva
Alumni of Central Saint Martins
Swiss expatriates in England
Vair is a town in Trinity County , Texas , located on Highway 94 . It was established after 1900 .
References
Unincorporated communities in Trinity County , Texas
Unincorporated communities in Texas
Autumn Exhibition of Leningrad artists of 1962 ( ) opened in State Russian Museum become one of the largest Art Exhibition of 1962 in the USSR .
History and Organization
For the organization and preparation of Exhibition was formed specially Exhibition Committee which consisted of 25 the most authoritative art-experts . Exhibition Catalog was published . In total , the Exhibition displayed almost 600 works of art of painters , sculptors , graphics , artists of theater and cinema , masters of arts and crafts . At whole Exhibition attended over 350 artists of the Leningrad .
Contributing Artists
In the largest Department of Painting were exhibited art works of 177 authors . There were Piotr Alberti , Evgenia Antipova , Taisia Afonina , Sergei Babkov , Irina Baldina , Nikolai Baskakov , Vsevolod Bazhenov , Yuri Belov , Dmitry Belyaev , Olga Bogaevskaya , Nikolai Galakhov , Ivan Godlevsky , Vladimir Gorb , Abram Grushko , Alexei Eremin , Mikhail Kaneev , Maria Kleschar-Samokhvalova , Maya Kopitseva , Boris Korneev , Alexander Koroviakov , Victor Korovin , Elena Kostenko , Gevork Kotiantz , Mikhail Kozell , Engels Kozlov , Marina Kozlovskaya , Yaroslav Krestovsky , Valeria Larina , Boris Lavrenko , Ivan Lavsky , Anatoli Levitin , Oleg Lomakin , Gavriil Malish , Boris Maluev , Evsey Moiseenko , Nikolai Mukho , Piotr Nazarov , Vera Nazina , Mikhail Natarevich , Yaroslav Nikolaev , Dmitry Oboznenko , Lev Orekhov , Lia Ostrova , Vladimir Ovchinnikov , Sergei Osipov , Genrikh Pavlovsky , Varlen Pen , Nikolai Pozdneev , Stepan Privedentsev , Semion Rotnitsky , Galina Rumiantseva , Ivan Savenko , Gleb Savinov , Alexander Semionov , Arseny Semionov , Nadezhda Shteinmiller , Elena Skuin , Kim Slavin , Alexander Sokolov , Alexander Stolbov , Alexander Tatarenko , Victor Teterin , Nikolai Timkov , Mikhail Trufanov , Yuri Tulin , Boris Ugarov , Ivan Varichev , Anatoli Vasiliev , Valery Vatenin , Rostislav Vovkushevsky , Vecheslav Zagonek , Elena Zhukova , and others most prominent painters of the Leningrad School .
In the Department of Sculptures were exhibited art works of 41 sculptors . Department of graphics presented a creation of 86 artists .
Contributed Artworks
For the Exhibition were selected art works created in 1961-1962 , also some earlier works . All they were exhibited in the first time . Some of them were subsequently found in the collections of Soviet Art museums , as well as domestic and foreign galleries and collectors .
Portrait was presented of `` Portrait of playwriter Alexander Volodin '' by Nikolay Akimov , `` Astronaut Gherman Titov '' by Mikhail Anikushin , `` Nurse '' , `` Uzbek woman '' , `` Uzbek Girl '' by Irina Baldina , `` Portrait of Mikhedko '' by Yuri Belov , `` Fisherman '' by Dmitry Belyaev , `` Portrait of son '' by Olga Bogaevskaya , `` Natasha '' by Maria Kleschar-Samokhvalova , `` Selfportrait '' by Boris Korneev , `` Grandmother and grandson '' by Elena Kostenko , `` Komi Girl '' by Engels Kozlov , `` Female Portrait ( Rosa . Portrait of wife ) '' by Yaroslav Krestovsky , `` Portrait of son '' , `` Portrait of girl '' by Valeria Larina , `` Portrait of locksmith Znema '' , `` Engineer Natasha Mayboroda '' , `` Portrait of welder Victor Lysitsyn '' , `` Portrait of linguist Gofman '' , `` Plasterer Taisia Tupikova '' by Anatoli Levitin , `` Man 's portrait '' , `` Portrait of girl '' by Oleg Lomakin , `` Portrait of organist Isaya Braudo '' by Lia Ostrova , `` Portrait of artist Alexander Pushnin '' by Varlen Pen , `` Ostap grandfather '' by Stepan Privedentsev , `` Portrait of Mikhail Birev , notable artist from Kholuy '' by Semion Rotnitsky , `` Vladimir Mayakovsky '' by Konstantin Simun , `` Selfportrait '' by Alexander Tatarenko , `` A Portrait '' by Mikhail Trufanov , `` Selfportrait '' by Valery Vatenin , and others .
Genre painting was presented of `` Girlfriends '' , `` Veranda '' by Piotr Alberti , `` Summer '' by Nikolai Baskakov , `` Construction in Siberia '' by Nikolai Galakhov , `` Our tents '' by Alexei Eremin , `` Golden wedding '' , `` School '' , `` A Love '' , `` A Lullaby '' by Anatoli Kaplan , `` The Muddy Morning '' by Boris Korneev , `` On vocation '' by Gevork Kotiantz , `` Northern village '' by Engels Kozlov , `` Foundation pit in the night '' by Anatoli Levitin , `` Big Oil '' , `` Astrakhan '' by Boris Maluev , `` For what ? `` , `` Freedom '' , `` Song '' , `` Appell '' , `` Gott mit uns '' , `` He won '' , `` Do not forget '' by Evsey Moiseenko , `` The Three Ages '' , `` In the sanatorium for children '' , `` At the wattle fence '' , `` Meet the goats '' , `` For grass '' by Mikhail Natarevich , `` A Sleep '' by Vera Nazina , `` At the Peter and Paul Fortress '' by Lev Orekhov , `` Seaport in Tuapse '' by Stepan Privedentsev , `` Stadium of the factory `` Krasnaya Zarya '' , `` Studio of artist Igor Veselkin '' by Gleb Savinov , `` Ferry in Staraya Ladoga '' , `` Main street in Novaya Ladoga '' , `` Novaya Ladoga in Holiday '' , `` Novaya Ladoga . Pier in fishermen village '' by Arseny Semionov , `` Leningrad motive '' by Kim Slavin , `` Staraya Ladoga . Midday on the farm '' , `` Novaya Ladoga . At the buoy keeper '' by Alexander Sokolov , `` Miners '' , `` On a beach '' , `` In Studio '' , `` Wild beach '' , `` To Moscow '' by Mikhail Trufanov , `` Turkmen carpet weavers '' by Yuri Tulin , `` Pskov '' , `` At the seaside '' by Boris Ugarov , `` On the Komsomol construction '' by Anatoli Vasiliev , and others .
Landscape and Cityscape were presented of `` Apple-tree '' by Evgenia Antipova , `` On the Zhdanovka River '' by Taisia Afonina , `` Spring day '' by Sergei Babkov , `` Olkhon Island '' by Dmitry Belyaev , `` Gavan district in winter '' by Nikolai Galakhov , `` Bakhchysarai '' , `` In the town of Pechory '' by Ivan Godlevsky , `` Little yard '' by Vladimir Gavrilov , `` Boats '' , `` Pier '' , `` Factory backwater '' by Vladimir Gorb , `` Winter etude '' by Abram Grushko , `` On Onega Lake '' , `` Birches '' , `` In the foothills of the Tian Shan '' by Alexei Eremin , `` Street in Znojmo town '' , `` Spit of Vasilievsky Island '' by Mikhail Kaneev , `` Chersonesus '' by Maria Kleschar-Samokhvalova , `` A Spring '' , `` A Winter '' by Vladimir Konashevich , `` Cloudy day '' , `` Oats '' , `` Highway '' , `` Veranda '' , `` Fields '' by Boris Korneev , `` The Leningrad '' , `` After Snowfall '' by Alexander Koroviakov , `` The Muddy Day '' , `` Open yard '' by Victor Korovin , `` Early March '' by Mikhail Kozell , `` Oredezh River '' , `` Wyra village '' by Marina Kozlovskaya , `` The Leningrad . Before sunrise '' by Yaroslav Krestovsky , `` Vyborg . Fortress '' , `` Borisoglebsk '' , `` Nikitski Monastery in Pereslavl-Zalessky '' , `` Borisoglebsk in winter '' by Valeria Larina , `` Black River '' by Boris Lavrenko , `` Windy day '' by Ivan Lavsky , `` Ice drifts on the Yenisei not yet started '' by Anatoli Levitin , `` Spring '' , `` Valentinovka village '' by Oleg Lomakin , `` A Morning '' , `` A Road to Mikhaylovskoye village '' by Gavriil Malish , `` In the sea '' by Nikolai Mukho , `` A Winter '' by Mikhail Natarevich , `` Winter evening '' , `` Spring flood '' by Piotr Nazarov , `` Rainy day '' , `` Moyka River in the night '' by Yaroslav Nikolaev , `` Kizhi Pogost '' by Dmitry Oboznenko , `` Spring greens '' by Lev Orekhov , `` Pskov land '' , `` Pskov street '' , `` Towards evening '' , `` On the Griboyedov Canal in Leningrad '' , `` Winter road '' by Sergei Osipov , `` Sergei Yesenin 's birth house '' by Vladimir Ovchinnikov , `` Spring etude '' by Nikolai Pozdneev , `` Ancient Kholuy '' by Semion Rotnitsky , `` Overcast day '' by Galina Rumiantseva , `` Spring in Sablino '' , `` February day '' by Ivan Savenko , `` Staraya Ladoga '' , `` Spring wind '' , `` Outskirts '' by Gleb Savinov , `` Park in winter '' by Alexander Semionov , `` Leningrad . Factory motive '' by Arseny Semionov , `` Rostov the Great '' , `` Old Tower '' , `` Okhta district . View of the factory '' , `` Volodarsky Bridge '' by Nadezhda Shteinmiller , `` Wet stacks '' by Kim Slavin , `` February '' , `` Twilight in Staraya Ladoga '' by Alexander Sokolov , `` Gray day '' , `` A village on the Msta River '' by Alexander Stolbov , `` Street in Kholuy '' , `` A Porch . The Autumn '' , `` Evening sun '' , `` Landscape '' by Nikolai Timkov , `` Gurzuf '' by Mikhail Trufanov , `` Spring in Turkmenistan '' by Mikhail Trufanov , `` Evening '' , `` A Winter '' , `` Venice '' by Boris Ugarov , `` Autumn '' , `` Street in Staraya Ladoga '' , `` Last snow '' , `` Staraya Ladoga '' by Ivan Varichev , `` Spring on the Angara River '' by Anatoli Vasiliev , `` Volkhov River '' , `` Flowering Bird Cherry '' , `` Winter window '' , `` Twilight '' by Vecheslav Zagonek , `` October in Crimea '' , `` Lake Ritsa '' , `` Early spring '' by Elena Zhukova , and others .
Still life paintings were presented of `` Wildflowers '' by Evgenia Antipova , `` Roses '' , `` Still life with oranges '' , `` Still life '' by Olga Bogaevskaya , `` Roses in Crystal vase '' , `` Bird Cherry tree branches '' by Vladimir Konashevich , `` Apples and Pears '' , `` Snowdrop flowers '' , `` Yellow flowers '' by Maya Kopitseva , `` Still life '' by Yaroslav Krestovsky , `` Jasmine . Still life '' , `` Sunflowers '' by Lia Ostrova , `` Still Life with Peaches '' , `` Still life with Melon '' , `` Still life wuth Bananas '' by Genrikh Pavlovsky , `` Baskets '' by Nikolai Pozdneev , `` Still life with fish '' , `` Still life with quince '' by Elena Skuin , `` Larch branches '' by Kim Slavin , `` Still life '' by Victor Teterin , `` Still life with radish '' , `` Flowers in white vase '' , `` Still life with Bananas '' , `` Still life with tomatoes '' , `` Still life on the green table-cloth '' by Alexander Vedernikov , `` Still life '' by Rostislav Vovkushevsky , and others .
Acknowledgment
Autumn Exhibition of Leningrad artists of 1962 was widely covered in press and in literature on Soviet fine art .
See also
Fine Art of Leningrad
Leningrad School of Painting
1962 in fine arts of the Soviet Union
Saint Petersburg Union of Artists
Socialist realism
References
Sources
Осенняя выставка произведений ленинградских художников 1962 года . Каталог . Л. , Художник РСФСР , 1962 .
Справочник членов Ленинградской организации Союза художников РСФСР . Л. , Художник РСФСР , 1980 .
Художники народов СССР . Биобиблиографический словарь . Т.1-4 . М. , Искусство , 1970-1995 .
Справочник членов Союза художников СССР . Т.1-2 . М. , Советский художник , 1979 .
Хроника узловых событий художественной жизни России 1960-1980-х годов // Time for Change . The Art of 1960-1985 in the Soviet Union . Saint Petersburg , State Russian Museum , 2006 .
Sergei V. Ivanov . Unknown Socialist Realism . The Leningrad School . Saint Petersburg , NP-Print Edition , 2007 . P.394 , 417 , 442. ,
Юбилейный Справочник выпускников Санкт-Петербургского академического института живописи , скульптуры и архитектуры имени И. Е. Репина Российской Академии художеств . 1915—2005 . Санкт Петербург , « Первоцвет » , 2007 .
External links
Art exhibitions in Russia
1962 works
1962 in the Soviet Union
Soviet art
Socialist realism
État second ( French for Second State ) refers to the state of mind into which some French authors go when writing short stories . It mixes abstraction and concentration at the same time , ironically telling sometimes more facts than in conscious writing . The Argentine writer Julio Cortázar often used this method to write , as he called it `` the moment of maximum creativity '' .
Concept
In État second , the consciousness is clouded so that two personalities that are very different override each other with one appearing in place of the other . The personalities involved one that is normal while the other is aberrant and they follow each other in successions .
In psychology , État second is also referred to as the `` new state '' in the condition called alternating personality . This is manifested in the mental state of hysterics . It is said that the notion of idee fixe , the subconscious that separated from ordinary consciousness , forms the nucleus of the État second . For instance , a patient falls to a hysterical sleep and forgets all his previous existence upon waking . However , it is said that all of the ordinary faculties such as speaking and movement are transferred to the new state .
Cultural references
The French version of the American movie Fearless ( 1993 ) , directed by Peter Weir , was called État Second .
The Argentine online magazine L´Etat Second mag also took its name from this term .
References
Aesthetics
Cognition
Concepts in aesthetics
Concepts in epistemology
Concepts in the philosophy of mind
Creativity
Fiction
Fiction-writing mode
French literature
History of literature
Imagination
Innovation
Julio Cortázar
Literary concepts
Literature
Mental processes
Mental states
Narratology
Philosophical concepts
Philosophy of literature
Psychological concepts
Style ( fiction )
Writing
Julián Miralles Rodríguez ( born 16 November 1988 in Alberic , Spain ) is a Spanish motorcycle racer . He is son of a former motorcycle racer , also named Julián Miralles . He currently competes in the RFME Open 1000 Championship , aboard a BMW S1000RR .
Career statistics
Grand Prix motorcycle racing
By season
Races by year
( key )
References
External links
Profile on PiloteGPMoto.com
1988 births
Living people
People from Ribera Alta ( comarca )
Sportspeople from the Province of Valencia
Spanish motorcycle racers
125cc World Championship riders
Moto3 World Championship riders
Buckley 's Serenaders was a family troupe of English-born American blackface minstrels , established under that name in 1853 by James Buckley . They became one of the two most popular companies in the U.S. from the mid-1850s to the 1860s , the other being the Christy and Wood Minstrels .
Career
James Buckley was born in Manchester , England , in 1803 , and emigrated with his family to the U.S. in the 1830s . By 1843 , he organized a troupe of minstrels , the Congo Melodists , in Boston , Massachusetts . They performed in New Orleans , and in 1845 in New York City , when they were known as the New Orleans Serenaders . From 1846 to 1848 , James Buckley and his three sons , Bishop , Swayne , and Fred , toured in England . Though they were an influential troupe in the United States , their absence allowed Edwin Christy 's troupe to gain popularity and influence the development of the minstrel genre .
James Buckley - who was known as `` Master Ole Bull '' - and his sons returned to the U.S. at the end of 1848 . They appeared regularly in New York and Boston , and in 1852 became the first recognized company to play in California . By the 1853–4 season , the Buckleys began to burlesque popular operas and boasted of their ability to reproduce such works . Some of these were Cinderella , La Sonnambula , and Don ( e ) Juan ; or , A Ghost on a High horse ( Don Giovanni ) . Another popular act involved Bishop Buckley 's trained horse , Mazeppa .
In 1853 , they leased a New York City theatre at 539 Broadway , a hall they called Buckley 's Opera House , the Ethiopian Opera House , and the American Opera House . The troupe roster stayed relatively consistent until 1855 , with only non-members of the Buckley family coming or going . In 1856 , they moved to 585 Broadway . By 1857 , they were spending as much as six months there between tours . They also gave regular Sunday-evening concerts in whiteface at this location . However , like other minstrel companies , the Buckleys toured extensively . Upon their return to New York after a late 1857 tour , they published this advertisement :
Although we look ragged and black are our faces .
As free and as fair as the best we are found ;
And our hearts are as white as those in fine places ,
Although we 're poor niggers dat travel around .
They toured England again in 1860 . Charles Dickens wrote of the Buckleys during an 1861 trip to the United States : Wilkie and me . . . went to the Buckley 's last night . They do the most preposterous things , in the way of Violin Solos , Deeply Sentimental Songs , and Lucrezia Borgia music , sung by a majestic female in black velvet and jewels with a blackened face ! All that part of it , is intolerably bad . But the real Nigger things are very good ; and there is one man—the tambourine—who attempts to do things with chairs , in remembrance of an acrobat he has seen , which is the most genuinely ludicrous thing of its kind , I ever beheld . Nor have I ever seen so good a presentation as his , of the real Negro .
The Buckleys closed the Opera House when the Concert Saloon Bill of 1862 forbade the combination of stage entertainment , female waitresses and sale of alcohol in New York theaters and saloons . After the death of his son Fred in 1864 , James Buckley retired in 1866 , and his son Bishop , a tenor singer and performer on the `` Chinese fiddle '' , died the following year . George Swayne Buckley , described as the most versatile of the family as a singer and multi-instrumentalist , kept the company going until about 1876 . He was noted for performing on a wide range of different instruments , sometimes playing several at the same time .
Family members
James Buckley ( 1803 , Manchester , England – April 27 , 1882 , Quincy , Massachusetts , U.S . )
His sons :
R. Bishop Buckley ( 1826 , England – June 6 , 1867 , Quincy , Massachusetts , U.S . )
George Swayne Buckley ( August 1829 , Bolton , Lancashire , England – June 25 , 1879 , Quincy , Massachusetts , U.S . )
Frederick Buckley ( October 12 , 1833 , Bolton , Lancashire , England – September 12 , 1864 , Boston , Massachusetts , U.S . )
References
Dickens , Charles . ( 1997 ) . The Letters of Charles Dickens . New York : Oxford University Press .
Henderson , Mary C. ( 2004 ) . The City and the Theatre . New York : Backstage Books .
Lawrence , Vera Brodsky ( 1995 ) . Strong on Music : The New York Music Scene in the Days of George Templeton Strong . Volume II : Reverberations , 1850-1856 . The University of Chigcago Press .
Lawrence , Vera Brodsky ( 1999 ) . Strong on Music : The New York Music Scene in the Days of George Templeton Strong . Volume III : Repercussions , 1857-1862 . The University of Chicago Press .
Mahar , William J . ( 1999 ) . Behind the Burnt Cork Mask : Early Blackface Minstrelsy and Antebellum American Popular Culture . Chicago : University of Illinois Press . .
Tompkins , Eugene ( 1908 ) . The History of the Boston Theatre , 1854-1901 . Boston : Houghton Mifflin .
Blackface minstrel troupes
American comedy troupes
Digital Bounce is the first mini-album by South Korean recording artist Seven . It was released in South Korea on July 21 , 2010 , under YG Entertainment . After releasing his fourth studio album Sevolution in 2006 , Seven spent the next three years working on entering the American music market . After the unsuccessful stint , he returned to South Korea and began recording songs for Digital Bounce . The album features a heavier presence of electronic dance music than Seven 's previous albums , but still incorporates his signature R & B and pop sound .
Digital Bounce was released after Seven 's three-year and eight-month hiatus . The album went on to debut on Gaon 's weekly albums chart at number two . The album 's lead single `` Better Together '' peaked at number five on Gaon 's weekly singles chart and earned Seven two consecutive wins on Mnet 's music chart television program M ! Countdown . `` I 'm Going Crazy '' , the second single released from the album , peaked at number 33 on the weekly singles chart . In South Korea , Digital Bounce sold over 24,600 copies in 2010 .
Background
After releasing his fourth studio album Sevolution in November 2006 , Seven began preparing to enter the American music market in 2007 with English-language music . After spending three years promoting in the United States , resulting in inconclusive results in regards to his music there and becoming homesick , Seven returned to South Korea . The language barrier , as well as the lack of proper music and marketing , is believed to have led to Seven 's failure in the United States .
During his absence in South Korea , label-mates Big Bang and 2NE1 , among other groups , emerged into the music market . As a result , the presence of soloists began to shrink . Facing this , Seven expressed his eagerness to return , stating that he was `` ready to restart with a fresh mind '' .
Composition
Digital Bounce features music similar to his previous work , but with a `` touch of his own color '' ; Seven expressed that the songs may sound `` somewhat unfamiliar '' to his fans . The album incorporates electronic dance and R & B music , with a `` hip hop twist '' . `` Digital Bounce '' , which features rapper T.O.P of Big Bang , was described as an electronic club song . The lead single , `` Better Together '' , also featured electronic sounds ; his vocals and production of the track were commended . `` I 'm Going Crazy '' is a medium-tempo song based on R & B and pop , similar to the sound of his earlier music . `` Money Ca n't Buy Me Love '' is the only English-language song on the album . `` Drips '' , a song about intimacy , was banned by the Ministry of Gender Equality and Family for `` sexually suggestive '' lyrics . As a result , the song was tagged with an R19 label on digital music retailers , restricting minors from purchasing the song . Kang Seon-ae , writer for MyDaily , felt that the album 's `` sophisticated melodies '' helped build a unique music genre .
Release and promotion
After a hiatus lasting over three years since the release of his previous album Sevolution , it was announced that Seven had completed recording an album in May 2010 . The album was originally planned to be released in the month of its announcement , but was pushed back to July . On July 13 , 2010 , a music video teaser and the track listing for Digital Bounce were revealed . On July 20 , 2010 , Seven held a release party and press conference for Digital Bounce in the Cheongdam-dong area of Seoul , South Korea . An estimate of 350 fans were in attendance . Digital Bounce was released the following day .
The dance practice video for `` Digital Bounce '' was released on July 27 , 2010 . The video showed Seven along with six male backup dancers rehearsing the choreography . On July 29 , 2010 , Seven began promoting `` Better Together '' by performing the song , as well as `` Digital Bounce '' with T.O.P , on Mnet 's M ! Countdown . Seven also made his comeback performances in the following days on Munhwa Broadcasting Corporation 's ( MBC ) Show ! Music Core and Seoul Broadcasting System 's ( SBS ) Inkigayo .
On July 29 , 2010 , `` Better Together '' earned its first K-Chart win on M ! Countdown . Seven won a second time on August 5 . The legitimacy of Seven 's second win was brought in question when netizens pointed out that , based on the program 's charting system , Seven should have ranked at number nine that week , not number one . They claimed that the close affiliation between YG Entertainment and Mnet may have led M ! Countdown to manipulate its chart in favor of Seven .
Seven began follow-up promotions with `` I 'm Going Crazy '' in late September . The music video for the song was released on September 29 , 2010 , which featured a cameo by his long-term girlfriend , Park Han-byul . He began promoting the song on September 30 , 2010 , on M ! Countdown , followed by performances on Show ! Music Core and Inkigayo .
Commercial performance
With three charting days , Digital Bounce debuted at number four on Gaon 's monthly album chart for the month July . The album went on to debut at number two on Gaon 's weekly album chart . It also charted at number 20 for the month of August , number 81 for the month of September , and number 93 for the month of December . With 24,604 copies sold in South Korean in 2010 , Digital Bounce was ranked at number 62 on Gaon 's year-end albums chart .
After three charting days , `` Better Together '' debuted at number 27 on Gaon 's monthly singles chart for the month of July 2010 . It debuted at number 14 on the Gaon 's weekly singles chart . The following week , the song rose nine spots to its peak at number five , where it remained for one week before falling five spots to number ten . For the month of August , `` Better Together '' charted at number 11 on Gaon 's monthly singles chart , and at number 43 for the month of September . The follow-up single , `` I 'm Going Crazy '' , debuted at number 75 on Gaon 's weekly singles chart . It charted for two weeks before falling out of the top 100 , and re-entered the chart nine weeks later at number 48 . The following week , it rose to its peak at number 33 , where it remained for one week before falling to number 65 . The song charted at number 71 on Gaon 's monthly singles chart for the month of October .
Track listing
Chart history
References
2010 EPs
Korean-language EPs
Seven ( Korean singer ) EPs
YG Entertainment EPs
Albums produced by Teddy Park
Ruth Hiyob Mollel ( born 6 January 1951 ) is a former senior civil servant from Tanzania , who became a politician with the Chadema party after her retirement , and was a member of the National Assembly of Tanzania between 2015 and 2020 .
Early life and education
Ruth Hiyob Mollel was born in Dar es Salaam on 6 January 1951 . She attended the Kisarawe Lutheran Primary School and the Jangwani Girls Secondary School in Dar es Salaam , before transferring to the Korogwe Girls Secondary School , a boarding school situated north of Dar es Salaam and due west of Tanga . She obtained a Bachelor of Arts in education from the University of Dar es Salaam in 1975 and a postgraduate diploma from the University of Ghana at Legon in 1977 . Two decades later , she obtained a master 's degree in human resource management from the University of Manchester in England .
Career
Between 1975 and 1980 , Mollel worked as an archivist at Tanzania 's then Ministry of Youth and Culture . From 1981 to 1982 she worked at the United States Embassy as a translator . Between 1983 and 1993 she was employed by the Ministry of Health as a human resources officer , moving in 1994 to the president 's office as the principal human resources officer . Between 1995 and 2002 she was the director of the president 's office , before moving to the Ministry of Higher Education , Science and Technology as the permanent secretary . In 2006 she became the permanent secretary in the president 's office , transferring to the same position in the vice-president 's office in 1997 . She retired in 2011 .
Political career
Mollel was elected to the National Assembly in the 2015 national election , for one of the 113 seats reserved for women . After the election , her party , Chadema , formed the opposition to the Chama Cha Mapinduzi government . She became chief spokesperson of the official opposition bloc in the parliament . She was a leading campaigner for good governance and against corruption . In 2016 she called a press conference to complain about the government 's inability to address the widespread problem of people on the government payroll who did not do any work , because they had died or for other reasons . In January 2018 , she was one of eleven members of the House of Assembly appointed to a committee to probe flaws in the law and policies governing the gas subsector , in response to a public outcry at the lack of benefits being seen by people from the exploration and exploitation of natural gas .
References
1951 births
Living people
Tanzanian politicians
Tanzanian civil servants
Tanzanian women in politics
University of Dar es Salaam alumni
Alumni of the University of Manchester
Tulasa Thapa ( 1970–1995 ) was a Nepali girl who was kidnapped from her home village of Thankot near Kathmandu in 1982 at the age of 13 , smuggled into Mumbai via the border town of Birganj in Parsa District , and sold into prostitution . She was systematically beaten into submission , then repeatedly raped to make her fit for the trade . She was sold to three different brothels in Mumbai , at prices ranging from 5000 to 7000 rupees . In addition to the sex work she was forced to do in the brothel at a minimum of three customers per night ( with an average of eight ) , she was sent to various city hotels dressed in European style clothes to entertain customers for 180 rupees per night until at last a hotel manager reported her to the police . Following the public outcry , the governments of India and Nepal signed a 1985 cooperation agreement addressing the rescue and repatriation of Nepali girls trafficked into brothels in India .
Rescue
Ten months later , in November 1982 , when she was brought to Bombay 's JJ Hospital , she was suffering from three types of sexually transmitted diseases , genital warts and brain tuberculosis which left her spastic and permanently using , and finally led to her death . The People 's Health Organisation embarked on a full-fledged `` Save Tulasa '' campaign , and with the support of the media managed to rescue her . At the hospital , Tulasa was given police protection against possible reprisals from the prostitution industry . After a period of stay in the Dongri Remand Home , she returned to Nepal to take up residence in the Cheshire Home For the Disabled in Jorpati . Doctors evaluated Tulasa and found her to be severely damaged physically and psychologically . Over the years , she remained incoherent and rambling in her speech . She used a wheelchair full-time and complained that her stomach hurt all the time , and that she could not go to the toilet . Attempts were made to return her to her father , Bir Dhoj Thapa , but she was rejected by his second wife ( Tulasa 's mother had died shortly after her abduction ) , and eventually her family stopped visiting her . In 1994 Tulasa broke her leg in a suicide attempt .
Death and media outcry
She was released from her institution in 1995 , seemingly cured , but had a relapse and died that same year at age 24 of the tuberculosis she had acquired while enslaved as a sex worker in India .
The resulting media outcry resulted in the governments of India and Nepal signing a treaty for the rescue and repatriation of Nepali girls from Indian brothels . In India the sentence for trafficking with minors has been hiked from 7 years to 13 . Child prostitution has been reduced by about 40 % but remains a major problem and no accurate figures are available . According to Reuters ( Masako Iijima , `` S. Asia Urged to Unite Against Child Prostitution , '' Reuters , June 19 , 1998 ) , over 40 % of 484 prostituted girls rescued during major raids of brothels in Bombay in 1996 were from Nepal .
In 2000 , she was back in the news for a short time as the verdict was delivered in the case against her persecutors . In the first report recorded on December 6 , 1982 , Tulasa had named 32 people responsible for abducting her and selling her to different brothels . These included taximen , the abductors and the brothel-owners . She also named three other Nepali men , Kancha Sarkhi , Lal Bahadur Kani and Uttam Kumar Pariyar , whom the Nepal government had arrested and finally sentenced to 20 years ' imprisonment . Out of the 32 people arrested by Bombay police , seven were charged but released due to a lack of evidence . Only one of the nine suspects faced trial , the rest having hidden themselves away . The single accused was released by the judge on grounds of inadequate evidence .
See also
List of solved missing person cases
References
External links and references
Saving Tulasa , Child Sex Worker from India
Victims of the Dar from The Hindu Online , September 29 , 1996
The shade of Tulasa seeks justice by Kanchana Suggu
Robert I. Freidman , `` India 's Shame : Sexual Slavery and Political Corruption Are Leading to An AIDS Catastrophe , '' The Nation , 8 April 1996 .
1970 births
1980s missing person cases
1995 deaths
20th-century deaths from tuberculosis
Formerly missing people
Gang rape in India
Indian female prostitutes
Missing person cases in Nepal
Nepalese female prostitutes
Nepalese victims of crime
Kidnapped Nepalese people
People from Kathmandu District
Sex crimes in India
Tuberculosis deaths in India
Victims of underage prostitution
Violence against women in India
St Andrews Catholic School is a Christian secondary school and sixth form college in Grange Road , Ottways Lane , Leatherhead , close to the town of Epsom , Surrey , England . Originally a convent back in the 19th century , St Andrews School was transformed into a school in 1901 ; it consists of three main buildings : the central building dating back to the 1900s , a sixth form and performance arts building , finished in 2008 , and the Earl building which accommodates History , Geography and Languages , finished in 2017 . Named in memory of John Earl who served as Chair of Governors .
The school is on the boundary of Leatherhead and Ashtead and is primarily a faith school , and has links with the local diocese and churches .
The school holds Specialist Maths and Computing College status and is one of the top 10 most popular schools in Surrey .
Due to growing demand , St Andrews School has grown from 600 pupils in 2003 to 934 pupils in 2013 and to 1457 in 2020 . The school is forecasted to continue to expand .
Awards
As of 2022 St Andrews is the Times newspaper 's Comprehensive School Of The Year .
This is in addition to St Andrews being named a World Class school . One of only 34 in the country .
Sixth Form
In 2003 the St Andrews Sixth Form was small with only 39 students but has now grown to have a capacity of 300 .
History
19th Century
The school was originally founded as a convent in the 19th century .
20th Century
Second World War
During the Second World War , in the spring of 1941 , St Andrews Convent School was bombed and left badly damaged by a parachute mine . The nuns evacuated , turning the ruined building over to the country . This provided a training premises for the Surrey County Civil Defence and Rescue School ( set up in 1940 ) , and run by the founder Eric Claxton , to train for bringing bomb victims out of damaged buildings .
Ofsted
Ofsted inspections gave the school a Satisfactory grade in 2007 and 2010 . This improved to the school receiving an Ofsted result of Outstanding in 2012 .
Utilities
The school is gradually to be re-built and a new teaching block is now open , along with a big new sports hall . The new block offers many facilities such as :
Business Studies and Media for sixth formers ;
Music ;
Drama ;
Languages ;
A new canteen ;
A chapel ;
The office ;
A sports hall and gym ;
Science laboratories
New roofs have been built in 2017 to create more space to shelter students from the rain .
The new Earl Building was built in 2018 which offered nine new classrooms for Languages , History and Geography .
The `` Old Gym '' was renovated in 2019 . It was fitted with new floors , heating , repainted and the windows were changed .
The school renovated 2 science laboratories during the 2019 summer break , and finished the rest in the 2020 summer break . These new science labs bring new technological advancements and ergonomic improvements .
A new sixth from toilet block has also been added to the sixth form area as of the 2021 / 2022 term .
COVID-19 measures
The school followed government guidelines in the fight against COVID-19 . The school shut down thought the first and second lockdowns providing teaching via Zoom . Departments have also been using media such as 'Diagnostics Questions ' and 'Educake ' to set tasks online . When school returned , hand sanitisation and masks where enforced along with weekly testing of all students and staff . Mask breaks where provided between lessons so students could remove their masks outside before returning to lessons . Upper years also transitioned between classes separate to lower years .
References
Academies in Surrey
Secondary schools in Surrey
Leatherhead
1913 establishments in England
Educational institutions established in 1913
Yakakaya , Kızılcahamam is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam , Ankara Province , Turkey .
References
Villages in Kızılcahamam District
`` Crazy '' is a song by Australian recording artist Ricki-Lee Coulter , taken from her third studio album Fear & Freedom ( 2012 ) . It was written by Coulter and Brian London , who also produced the song with Johnny Jam and Thomas Honeywill . The song was released digitally on 13 July 2012 , as the third single from the album .
Lyrically , Coulter stated that `` Crazy '' is about `` encouraging you [ to ] let go of your inhibitions , go crazy and let the music take over '' . Following its release , `` Crazy '' peaked at number four on the ARIA Dance Chart and number 46 on the ARIA Singles Chart . The accompanying music video was directed by Melvin J. Montalban and filmed in the Callan Park Hospital for the Insane in Sydney . The video features Coulter playing three characters – a nurse , patient and psychologist .
Background and release
`` Crazy '' was written by Ricki-Lee Coulter and Brian London , who also produced the song with Johnny Jam and Thomas Honeywill . It was mixed by Veronica Ferraro at Super Sonic Scale , and mastered by Sameer Sengupta at Studios 301 in Sydney . During an interview with The Daily Telegraph , Coulter said she wrote the song `` as if I was actually singing it directly to the people on the dance floor '' . She went on to describe it as `` sensual and erotic , encouraging you let go of your inhibitions , go crazy and let the music take over '' . `` Crazy '' was released digitally on 13 July 2012 . On 23 July 2012 , it debuted at number 52 on the ARIA Singles Chart and number four on the ARIA Dance Chart . The following week , `` Crazy '' fell out of the top 100 of the ARIA Singles Chart . On 6 August 2012 , the song re-entered the chart at number 46 , where it peaked .
Music video
The accompanying music video for `` Crazy '' was directed by Melvin J. Montalban and inspired by the film Terminator 2 : Judgment Day and in particular the character of Sarah Connor . The video was filmed in the Callan Park Hospital for the Insane in Sydney , and premiered on Vevo on 25 July 2012 . Coulter explained the video 's concept in a behind-the-scenes video , saying : `` The song 'Crazy ' is all about just letting the music take over your body and take control , losing your inhibitions and going crazy and I thought why not do a play on the word crazy and do it in an asylum and act out a bit crazy . I 'm actually every character , so I 'm the patient but I 'm also the nurse and I 'm also the psychologist that 's evaluating me , so it 's like I 'm trapped within my own head . ''
Track listing
Digital download
`` Crazy '' – 3:26
Digital Remixes EP
`` Crazy '' – 3:26
`` Crazy '' ( Instrumental ) – 3:39
`` Crazy '' ( Bombs Away Remix ) – 6:25
`` Crazy '' ( Doctor Werewolf Remix ) – 4:53
Credits and personnel
Credits adapted from the liner notes of Fear & Freedom .
Locations
Mixed at Super Sonic Scale .
Mastered at Studios 301 in Sydney .
Personnel
Songwriting – Ricki-Lee Coulter , Brian London
Original production – Johnny Jam , Brian London
Additional production – Thomas Honeywill
Mixing – Veronica Ferraro
Mastering – Sameer Sengupta
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Release history
References
2012 songs
2012 singles
Ricki-Lee Coulter songs
Songs written by Ricki-Lee Coulter
EMI Records singles
Callimetopus cordifer is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae . It was described by Heller in 1924 . It is known from the Philippines .
References
Callimetopus
Beetles described in 1924
The red-vented barbet ( Psilopogon lagrandieri ) is an Asian barbet native to Laos , Vietnam and Cambodia , where it inhabits subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests .
Description
Its plumage is green to bronze-coloured . Its head is brown with greyish patches on the throat and sides and a blue line above the eyes . It has a red patch below the tail . It is long .
Diet
In the Lac Boc Forest of Lâm Đồng Province , Vietnam , it consumes the fruit of Ficus sp. , Litsea cubeba , Campylospermum serratum , Cinnamomum sp . and Knema sp. , flowers of Wrightia sp. , numerous invertebrates and some vertebrates .
References
red-vented barbet
Birds of Laos
Birds of Vietnam
red-vented barbet
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Nathan Stapley is an American artist . He was the lead artist on Double Fine 's adventure game Broken Age and has worked on Psychonauts and Psychonauts 2 .
Career
Nathan Stapley started his career at LucasArts as an artist on Indiana Jones and the Infernal Machine and Star Wars Episode I : Racer . He left LucasArts to work at LucasArts-alumnus Tim Schafer 's studio , Double Fine Productions , as an artist .
He created a comic while at Double Fine called My Comic About Me . This comic spawned a free Flash sports game parody called My Game About Me : Olympic Challenge , which was developed by Klint Honeychurch with art by Stapley .
He was working on Broken Age in the role of lead artist and has also been an artist on Psychonauts and Psychonauts 2 . A poster created by Stapley was included as one of the reward tiers in the Broken Age Kickstarter campaign .
Recognition
My Game About Me : Olympic Challenge received more attention than usual for a free online flash game .
The Broken Age ( working title Double Fine Adventure ) Kickstarter campaign was the most successful Kickstarter project at the time , having attracted more backers than any prior effort in the site 's history .
Games
1999 Indiana Jones and the Infernal Machine , artist ( LucasArts )
1999-Star Wars Episode I : Racer , artist ( LucasArts )
2000 Escape from Monkey Island , artist ( LucasArts )
2002-Star Wars : Bounty Hunter , artist ( LucasArts )
2005 Psychonauts , artist ( Double Fine )
2008 My Game About Me : Olympic Challenge , lead artist ( Double Fine )
2009 Brütal Legend , artist ( Double Fine )
2010 Costume Quest , artist ( Double Fine )
2013 Broken Age , lead artist ( Double Fine )
2021 Psychonauts 2 , artist ( Double Fine )
References
External links
My Comic About Me at the Double Fine web site
My Game About Me : Olympic Challenge at the Double Fine web site
Year of birth missing ( living people )
American artists
Living people
Lucasfilm people
Double Fine people
STBC-Centenary Baptist Church Secunderabad is a Baptist Church in the city of Secunderabad , India which was established in 1875 by the American Baptist Foreign Mission Society ( ABM ) and was later led by the Samavesam of Telugu Baptist Churches ( STBC ) through the Deccan Association . STBC-Centenary Baptist Church has a current membership of more than 3000 . The original older structure and a new centenary structure built in 1991 exist side by side in the same premises . Worship services are only held in the new sanctuary . The church conducts worship in Telugu , English , Hindi and Manipuri .
Senior Pastor , The Rev . N. Thomas , STBC , who had been ailing for a long time , died on 19 April 2021 . He was born on 2 March 1946 in Nellutla near Jangaon and underwent Spiritual formation in Andhra Christian Theological College , Rajahmundry and later upgraded his studies in MCI-Leonard Theological College , Jabalpur and served as a Pastor of this Church from 1991 . Funeral mass of Rev . Thomas was held at 12 noon on 20 April 2021 in Centenary Baptist Church , followed by a Burial mass at 15:00 hours at Baptist Cemetery in Bhoiguda , Secunderabad .
History
The church was established on 14 November 1875 by American Baptist Foreign Mission Society led by The Rev . W. W. Campbell , ABM , a Baptist missionary . The first member of the congregation was Richard B. Clayburn , who was baptized on 5 December 1875 . The first native Pastor Bezwada Paul , STBC was appointed in 1895 . The foundation stone for the existing new church structure was laid by The Rev . Louis F. Knoll , ABM on 14 November 1975 during the ministry of The Rev . K. Devadanam , STBC , exactly 100 years after the first structure was built . The church was appropriately named STBC-Centenary Baptist Church . The groundbreaking however took place five years later , in 1980 . The new sanctuary was completed and consecrated by the Old Testament scholar The Rev . G. Solomon , STBC on 17 February 1991 . It took more than ten years to build the existing structure .
The church now operates 35 branch churches and 15 gospel centers in around the cities of Secunderabad and Hyderabad .
Architecture
The old church is a simple Gothic structure whereas the new church is a modern structure incorporating several elements of traditional church architecture such as Gothic styled windows . A two storied bell tower forms the facade of the church .
Programmes
The Church has been witness to many programmes , some of them which etched in the History of Christianity in India .
1978 : Visit of evangelist Billy Graham
In 1978 , during the tenure of The Rev . G. Solomon , STBC , the global evangelist Billy Graham visited Secunderabad and the STBC-Centenary Baptist Church hosted many of the programmes forming many committees and volunteers , including The Rev . J. Chiranjeevi of the Seva Bharat . Among the ecclesiastical personalities who took part in the one-day crusade in Secunderabad included Archbishop , S. Arulappa , RCM and the Old Testament Scholar Victor Premasagar , CSI , then Principal of the near-ecumenical Andhra Christian Theological College .
1999 : Lambadi version of the Scriptures
On 25 October 1999 during the tenure of The Rev . N. Thomas , STBC , the Lambadi version of the New Testament was released here by the Bible Society of India in the presence of The Rev . G. Babu Rao , CBCNC , then Auxiliary Secretary of the Bible Society of India Andhra Pradesh Auxiliary , The Rev . G. D. V. Prasad , CSI , then Translations Director of the Bible Society of India and Mr. Bidyut Kumar Pramanik , the General Secretary of the Bible Society of India . The speakers lauded the efforts of the original translator , The Rev . B. E. Devaraj , CSI succeeded by The Rev . Lal Singh Lazarus , CSI .
Succession of pastors
The first pastor of the Church was The Rev . B. Paul in 1895 . There have been pastors with scholarly aptitudes , The Rev . K. Wilson and The Rev . G. Solomon , both of whom were involved in ministerial formation of aspirants hailing from the Anglican , Baptist , Congregational , Lutheran , Methodist , Pentecostal , Wesleyan , and other small and indigenous church societies at the near-ecumenical Andhra Christian Theological College .
See also
List of churches in Secunderabad and Hyderabad
Secunderabad Clock Tower
References
Churches in Telangana
1875 establishments in India
Churches in Secunderabad
Baptist churches in India
Affiliated institutions of the National Council of Churches in India
The golden-bellied white-eye ( Zosterops uropygialis ) is a species of bird in the family Zosteropidae . It is native to the Kai Islands in Indonesia .
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests . It is threatened by habitat loss .
References
golden-bellied white-eye
Birds of the Maluku Islands
golden-bellied white-eye
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Season summary
Looking to capitalise on their successful 2006–07 campaign , Melbourne made some strong off-season signings including Costa Rican international Carlos Hernández to cover the hole left by the departure of Fred to MLS club D.C. United . Again with the league 's largest crowds and a record membership of over 20,000 , Melbourne were undefeated after 7 rounds but the season slipped away with some poor home performances and a mounting injury list . A late season rally gave Melbourne a hope of making the finals up to the second last round but they finished 5th , 4 points out of the finals .
Players
First team squad
Transfers
In
Out
Matches
Pre-season matches
The match against China was played over three 30-minute periods .
2007 Pre-Season Cup
2007-08 Hyundai A-League fixtures
Ladder
2008 AFC Champions League
Warm-up matches
Matches
References
2007-08
2007–08 A-League season by team
Jacob Ewaniuk ( born September 1 , 2000 ) is a Canadian actor .
Biography
Ewaniuk is the voice of Nick in the first two seasons of the television series The Cat in the Hat Knows a Lot About That and its 2011 Christmas special called The Cat in the Hat Knows a Lot About Christmas . He also has a recurring role in Arthur voicing Timmy Tibble and voiced Hockey Math Monitor in Monster Math Squad . He voiced Jasper in Super Why and Billy in The Adventures of Chuck and Friends . Jacob voices three characters , Spotty Pig , Twin Pig 1 and Twin Pig 2 , in Wibbly Pig . He also played a Wild Kratt Kid on the Emmy-nominated TV series Wild Kratts . He voiced Jimmy Cruz in BeyWarriors : BeyRaiderz .
He also voiced Connor/Catboy in the first season of PJ Masks and Spike in the animated series by The Jim Henson Company called The Doozers .
His first role was Young Murdoch in the television show Murdoch Mysteries , and landed a role in the premiere episode of Rookie Blue . Jacob has appeared in shows such as Doodlebops and Kids CBC .
In 2011 , at the 32nd Young Artist Awards , Jacob was nominated for Best Performance in a TV Series for his role as a Guest Star in Rookie Blue and Best Performance in a Voice-Over Role in The Cat in the Hat Knows a Lot About That .
In 2012 , at the 33rd Young Artist Awards , Jacob was nominated for Best Performance in a Voice-Over Role in The Cat in the Hat Knows a Lot About That .
He appeared in the films Servitude and Dead Before Dawn 3D .
In 2015 , he provided the voice of Junior in Total Drama Presents : The Ridonculous Race .
His younger sister is Canadian child actress Sophia Ewaniuk .
Jacob is also one of the key characters in the Canadian web TV series Kid 's Town where he plays Keith Lightfoot . He starred in 12 episodes that were made in 2013 .
Filmography
Voice-acting
Other activities
Ewaniuk also competes in several karting series in North America . In 2011 he competed in the Rotax Pan American Challenge and the SPORTALITY TRAK Championship .
References
External links
https : //web.archive.org/web/20120204223655/http : //thesceneinto.com/2010/07/the-cat-in-the-hat-knows-a-lot-about-that/
http : //servitudemovie.com/
2000 births
Canadian male child actors
Canadian male voice actors
Canadian people of Ukrainian descent
Living people
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Pedro Reyes ( 8 May 1961 – 25 March 2015 ) was a Spanish comedian , humorist , actor and television presenter . He was known for his surreal humour and collaboration with in the 1980s .
Biography
Reyes was born in Tangier , Morocco , in 1961 but early on moved with his family to Huelva , Spain , the birth city of his mother . In 1977 he joined the theatre group Centuria . During the 1980s together with Pablo Carbonell , he formed the comedy duo Pedro y Pablo , working first out of Sevilla and later , in 1982 , Madrid . The duo was discovered in the Buen Retiro Park in Madrid by an El País journalist , and soon afterwards they became recurring characters in the television show La Bola de Cristal .
In 1989 Reyes became co-host of the television show . Apart from his work in television and comedy he also appeared in movies and directed two theatre plays in 2013 .
Apart from his Andalusian accent Reyes was known for his appearance : long , bald with spiky hair and a mustache . Reyes died of a heart attack on 25 March 2015 in Valencia .
References
External links
1961 births
2015 deaths
People from Tangier
Spanish comedians
Spanish humorists
Spanish male actors
Spanish surrealist artists
Surreal comedy
Spanish stand-up comedians
Garfield County is a county located in the U.S. state of Colorado . As of the 2020 census , the population was 61,685 . The county seat is Glenwood Springs . The county is named in honor of United States President James A. Garfield . Garfield County is included in the Glenwood Springs , CO Micropolitan Statistical Area , which is also included in the Edwards-Glenwood Springs , CO Combined Statistical Area .
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 0.3 % ) is water .
Adjacent counties
Rio Blanco County - north
Routt County - northeast
Eagle County - east
Pitkin County - southeast
Mesa County - south
Grand County , Utah - southwest
Uintah County , Utah - northwest
Major highways
Interstate 70
U.S. Highway 6
State Highway 13
State Highway 82
State Highway 133
State Highway 139
State Highway 325
Protected areas
Flat Tops Wilderness
Grand Mesa National Forest
Harvey Gap State Park
Rifle Falls State Park
Rifle Gap State Park
Routt National Forest
White River National Forest
Scenic byways
Dinosaur Diamond Prehistoric Highway National Scenic Byway
Flat Tops Trail Scenic Byway
West Elk Loop Scenic Byway
Demographics
The 2019 Census population estimate for Garfield County is 60,061 , a 6.5 % increase from the 2010 Census .
Population density per square mile : 19.1 ( 2010 )
Race Estimations ( 2019 )
White alone , not Hispanic or Latino ( 67.4 % )
Hispanic or Latino ( 29.3 % )
Black or African American alone ( 1.3 % )
American Indian and Alaskan Native alone ( 1.7 % )
Asian , alone ( 0.9 % )
Two or more races ( 2.0 % )
Age and Sex Estimations ( 2019 )
Persons under 5 years of age ( 6.8 % )
Persons under 18 years of age ( 24.9 % )
Persons 65 years of age and over ( 13.8 % )
Female persons ( 48.9 % )
Housing
Housing units , 2019 : ( 24,363 )
Owner occupied housing unit rate , 2014-2018 : ( 66.9 % )
Persons per household , 2014-2018 : ( 2.73 )
Education ( 2014-2018 )
High school graduate ( 87.5 % )
Bachelor 's degree or higher ( 30.0 % )
Income and Poverty ( 2014 - 2018 )
Median household income : ( $ 72 , 898 )
Per capita income : $ 32,491 )
Persons in poverty : ( 8.4 % )
Politics
Voting participation rates in Garfield County are above the U.S. national average . In the 2018 General Election , 65 % of eligible voters participated . In the 2020 presidential election , 84.47 % eligible voters participated . The county leans slightly Republican based on vote totals in elections ( 2008 - 2018 data ) with an estimated range of two to one-thousand votes often determining candidate outcomes for the county .
Garfield County has primarily voted for Republican Party candidates in presidential elections throughout its history , with the county only failing to back the Republican candidates ten times from 1884 to 2020 . Although the county includes the relatively liberal city of Glenwood Springs , this is outweighed by the extremely conservative city of Rifle , as well as the nearby towns of Silt , Parachute , and Battlement Mesa . Until 2020 , the most recent Democratic win was by Bill Clinton in 1992 , but Republicans were held to a plurality of the county 's votes in half of the six following presidential elections prior to 2020 . Notably , Barack Obama lost the county to John McCain by two votes in 2008 .
In 2020 , Joe Biden became the first Democratic presidential candidate to win the county since Clinton in 1992 , with about 50 % of the vote . No Democratic presidential candidate has won a majority of the vote in the county since Lyndon B. Johnson in 1964 , although in 2020 , Joe Biden was just 26 votes shy of having the majority of the vote in the county .
The county lies in Colorado 's 3rd congressional district , represented by local Rifle resident and theme bar owner Lauren Boebert .
Communities
Cities
Glenwood Springs
Rifle
Towns
Carbondale
New Castle
Silt
Parachute
Census-designated places
Battlement Mesa
Catherine
Cattle Creek
Chacra
Mulford
No Name
See also
Colorado
Outline of Colorado
Index of Colorado-related articles
Bibliography of Colorado
Geography of Colorado
History of Colorado
Colorado statistical areas
Glenwood Springs , CO Micropolitan Statistical Area
List of counties in Colorado
Garfield County , Colorado
National Register of Historic Places listings in Garfield County , Colorado
List of places in Colorado
List of census-designated places in Colorado
List of forts in Colorado
List of ghost towns in Colorado
List of mountain passes in Colorado
List of mountain peaks of Colorado
List of municipalities in Colorado
List of post offices in Colorado
Protected areas of Colorado
References
External links
Garfield County Government website
Garfield County Statistical Data
Colorado County Evolution by Don Stanwyck
Colorado Historical Society
Colorado counties
1883 establishments in Colorado
Populated places established in 1883
Langendernbach is a village in the municipality Dornburg , Limburg-Weilburg district , Hesse , in western Germany .
Villages in Hesse
Steve Hely is an American writer , current co-executive producer on the series Veep .
Hely has written for the television shows Late Show with David Letterman ( receiving an Emmy nomination for Outstanding Writing for a Variety or Comedy Show ) , Last Call with Carson Daly , where he also served as an associate producer , American Dad ! , 30 Rock , and The Office .
Hely has also authored or co-authored two books . The Ridiculous Race , written with Vali Chandrasekaran and published in 2008 by Macmillan , chronicled a real-life race around the world between Hely and Chandrasekaran . Each set off from Los Angeles in opposite directions , with only one rule : `` No airplanes . '' In 2009 , Grove/Atlantic published Hely 's debut novel , How I Became a Famous Novelist . Hely subsequently won the 2010 Thurber Prize for American Humor for the novel .
Hely is the co-host of The Great Debates , a weekly podcast in which he debates the great issues of the day with David King . Hely often takes the pro , or more life-affirming stance .
Hely attended the Roxbury Latin School and Harvard University , where he received a Bachelor of Arts degree . While at Harvard , Hely served two terms as president of the Harvard Lampoon .
Television appearances
Hely has appeared onscreen in both 30 Rock and The Office . He appeared as a poster-collecting bachelor named Jerem in the 30 Rock episode `` Lee Marvin vs. Derek Jeter '' . Additionally , he appeared as a flautist and shirtless bohemian in The Office episode `` Gettysburg '' .
References
External links
Author Blog `` End of Books ''
April Fool 's Joke on Galleycat
`` The World 's Foremost Consultant on the Future of Publishing '' article on The Rumpus
The Harvard Lampoon alumni
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
American television writers
American male television writers
Roxbury Latin School alumni
Late Show with David Letterman
James Philip Mason ( born 1954 ) is a retired vicar in the Church of England and a former bishop in the Church of the Province of Melanesia .
Having graduated from the Solomon Islands College of Higher Education , he trained for the ministry at Bishop Patteson Theological College , and was ordained a deacon in 1981 and a priest in 1982 . He served as curate of St Barnabas Cathedral , Honiara , 1981–1982 , before becoming Secretary to John Selwyn , Archbishop of Melanesia ( 1983–1986 ) , and returning to Bishop Patteson as a lecturer in 1987 .
Mason then returned to St Barnabas Cathedral as dean from 1988 until his appointment as the first diocesan bishop of Hanuato ' o in 1991 . To that See he was consecrated and installed on 19 June 1991 . He resigned his See in 2004 and moved to the United Kingdom in 2005 , becoming priest-in-charge of St Maurice , Plympton ; and later being licensed an honorary assistant bishop , Diocese of Exeter in 2007 . He resigned both posts effective 29 June 2014 .
References
1954 births
20th-century Anglican bishops in Oceania
21st-century Anglican bishops in Oceania
Living people
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Anglican bishops of Hanuato ' o
Bishop Patteson Theological College alumni
Hessle ( ) is a town , civil parish and electoral ward in the East Riding of Yorkshire , England , west of Kingston upon Hull city centre . Geographically it is part of a larger urban area consisting of the city of Kingston upon Hull , the town of Hessle and a number of other villages but is not part of the city . It is on the north bank of the Humber Estuary where the Humber Bridge crosses .
According to the 2011 UK census , Hessle parish had a population of 15,000 , an increase on the 2001 UK census figure of 14,767 .
Amenities
The centre of Hessle is the Square . There are many shops and a small bus station , which was refitted in 2007 . Hessle All Saints ' Church is located just off the Square and was designated a Grade I listed building in 1967 and is now recorded in the National Heritage List for England , maintained by Historic England . Hessle Town Hall was built in 1897 and is situated at the top of South Lane . Hessle Police Station , which closed in 2014 , is next door to the town hall at the top of South Lane and the corner of Ferriby Road .
Hessle is home to the world-famous Humber Bridge , which was opened by Queen Elizabeth II in 1981 . At the time of its opening , the Humber Bridge was the world 's longest single-span suspension bridge . It links Hessle to the town of Barton-upon-Humber on the opposite side of the river Humber . In July 2017 the bridge was granted Grade I listed status .
History
The place-name 'Hessle ' is first attested in the Domesday Book of 1086 , where it appears as Hase . It appears as Hesla in a Danelaw Charter from the reign of Henry II between 1154 and 1189 , and as Hesel in a Yorkshire Charter of 1157 , and in 1242 in the Book of Fees . The name is the Old Scandinavian hesli meaning 'hazel grove ' .
In more modern times , Hessle has been a centre for shipbuilding . Before 1897 , there was a shipyard building wooden boats , but it was then bought by Henry Scarr who moved there from Beverley , where he had previously been in partnership with his brother Joseph . Scarr produced iron and steel ships until 1932 , when the yard was taken over by Richard Dunston . It was the largest shipyard in Hessle , building vessels such as Loch Riddon , a roll-on/roll-off ferry launched in 1986 , and one of four built for Caledonian MacBrayne for use in the Hebrides . The company went into liquidation in 1987 and was bought by Damen Shipyards Group in the same year . Dunston 's was closed down in 1994 . The location is now used as offices , car sales buildings and a dock for scrap metal and other materials for dispatch to other areas , or to be recycled . Richard Dunston 's ship repairs still exists further east along the Humber Estuary , with activity remaining high .
Geography
Hessle is surrounded by the neighbouring villages of Willerby , Anlaby , Kirk Ella , West Ella , North Ferriby and Swanland .
Chalk-quarrying was a major industry at Hessle into the 20th century and quarries can still be seen in the west of the town , the largest being the Humber Bridge Country Park , which is a popular tourist attraction . Part of it is known as Little Switzerland ( Little Switz or Switzy for short ) .
The Humber Bridge Country Park Local Nature Reserve was formerly a chalk quarry and was developed as a country park following the construction of the Humber Bridge . It consists of mixed species of woodland , wild flowers , a spring-fed pond and herb-rich grassland . The park can be explored on several well-signed walking routes .
Hessle is twinned with the French town of Bourg-de-Thizy .
Transport to and from Hessle is convenient , with good access to main roads such as the A15 , A63 and M62 ( via the A63 ) . It also has a railway station with hourly services to and from Hull and to destinations such as Doncaster and York . Regular bus services provided by East Yorkshire link the town with the surrounding villages , Hull City Centre , Longhill Estate in east Hull as well as further afield places including Brough , Beverley and the seaside resort of Hornsea .
Hessle is at the start of the Yorkshire Wolds Way , a long-distance footpath and designated National Trail , which crosses the Yorkshire Wolds and ends at Filey on the Holderness Coast .
Education
The site of the town 's secondary school , Hessle High School & Sixth Form College , on Heads Lane , is centred on a building donated to the Education Authority by Algernon Henry Barkworth , a survivor of the RMS Titanic sinking . Hessle Sixth Form College is part of a consortium with secondary schools Wolfreton School ( in Willerby ) and Cottingham High School ( in Cottingham ) , offering sixth form pupils a chance to attend classes at any of the three schools within the consortium . The entire school was reopened in January 2016 , as part of Priority Schools Building Programme . Since January 2017 , Penshurst Primary School and Hessle High School & Sixth Form College have been a through-school .
Penshurst Primary School , for children aged 3–11 , located on Winthorpe Road . Hessle is also home to All Saints ' CE Federation of Academies Infant and Junior School , a Church of England school for children aged 3–11 , located on Northolme Road .
2007 floods
On 25 June 2007 , torrential rain hit the north-east of England and 100 mm of rain fell in a few hours . Several people died across the affected area and the first fatality occurred in Hessle . A 28-year-old man became trapped when his foot was stuck in a storm drain . He was overwhelmed by rising water and although emergency services gave him oxygen he died of hypothermia . Sky News filmed the operation and broadcast some of the footage in the days after the event . They were criticised for this but responded that the victim 's family had approved the broadcast .
The floods caused the formation of a local residents association , HCARA ( Hessle Community Action Residents Association ) who worked with various bodies to campaign for improvements in defences against floods in the lower Hessle area . The local MP , Alan Johnson , as well as representatives of the Environment Agency , East Riding of Yorkshire Council and the Flood Forum were among the speakers at the resident meetings . HCARA , having operated to facilitate the distribution of news to Hessle residents immediately after the 2007 floods , is currently dormant .
As a result of consultation with the residents , the Environment Agency promoted a flood storage scheme which was constructed in a field off Beverley Road in Hessle from 2010 to 2011 . The project known as a flood water attenuation scheme involved identifying a field immediately upstream of the urban area , this was then excavated below natural ground level to a depth of around 6 feet . A flow control structure was built on the downstream end of the watercourse and the bank of the Western Drain was lowered on the West Side .
In a very heavy storm , when the capacity of the control structure is exceeded , water overflows into the storage area . After the storm , the ( stored ) water returns to the Western Drain through a small diameter land drainage pipe . The lagoon holds around 35,000 cubic metres of water . The storage area remains dry for the majority of the time and looks from the roadside to be a paddock , albeit lower than surrounding fields .
Hessle Feast
Earliest found records of the Hessle Feast date from the 1800s . These have it as an annual event around Whitsuntide ( May ) . A time of enjoyment , when the people of the parish would gather to celebrate the coming year .
From articles in 1808 and 1836 , it is clear that the feast had become a major event bringing in people from neighbouring towns and villages . With much excitement , racing , noise and jubilee . As ever the youth made it their own . Even in the earliest reports , there are churchwardens concerns over noisy and drunken behaviour `` particularly of the young men of Hull '' who visited the parish .
Resurrected around 15 years ago , after many years of absence , the feast has again become an event of enjoyment and embraced by the whole community of Hessle .
Previous feasts include one which occurred in July 2006 , which succeeded in attracting over 5,000 local residents and visitors to the area and was an entertaining day of charitable money raising , family fun and live music . The event hosted many activities such as a `` Battle of the Bands '' which took place on the main stage in the Square , a `` Buskathon '' centred down Prestongate , and local bands centred on a smaller stage on the Weir . There was also a boat race around the streets of Hessle , which was eventually won by army cadets carrying an inflatable float . The event was partly-funded and majorly sponsored by Kingston Communications and Yorkshire Water – companies working in the area at the time .
Hessle Feast returned , after a three-year absence due to the 2007 United Kingdom floods , in 2009 . It was officially opened by the then Home Secretary , Hull West and Hessle MP , Alan Johnson , and the Mayor of Hessle , Frank Kitchen , at 1 p.m .
The feast day in 2009 entertained crowds over a larger area than previous feasts , to encourage more business to the less immediate areas of Hessle . In the Square , the main stage starred the `` Hessle 's Got Talent '' final and the `` Crave and Serenity Fashion Show '' . The Square 's stage was compared by KCFM DJ Dave Hudson . Prestongate had further stalls and barbecues . The Weir also had a stage with live music played all afternoon . On the feast day , a world record for `` poppadom stacking '' was broken on the Weir by the Indian takeaway Jolsha , officiated by the local MP Alan Johnson . Following on from the Weir is Tower Hill Park , which was mainly occupied by the army who had assault courses and climbing walls , which , as in previous years , focused on activities for the younger generations . The feast also reached the area near the library , which held a third stage with live local bands chosen by The Hase pub . The boat race was won by the youth sports team Norland Sharks , who were the fastest at running around Hessle carrying an inflatable boat . The Hessle Feast 2009 Committee was an independent body of unpaid volunteers that organised the event in the pubs of Hessle . The event was majorly sponsored by KCFM and Hull Colour Pages , with additional funding from the local town council .
The 2012 Hessle Feast was timed to take place on the Sunday of the weekend of celebrations for the Diamond Jubilee of Elizabeth II in June 2012 . The following day , a waterborne procession of sailing and powered craft departed from Hessle and proceeded around the River Humber .
Sport
The most popular sport in Hessle is football . Hessle is home to three senior football clubs , Hessle Rangers , Hessle United , and Hessle Sporting , the latter of which plays in the Humber Premier League Premier Division – level 13 on the English football league system pyramid . The clubs also have a large section of junior teams playing in the Hull Boys Sunday Football League . Also , there is a cricket team and a rugby team at the Hessle rugby club near the foreshore .
Bibliography
References
External links
MyHessle.com – a hyper-local website covering everything that is happening in Hessle and HU13 postcode
Towns in the East Riding of Yorkshire
Civil parishes in the East Riding of Yorkshire
Ports and harbours of the Humber
United Internet Team Germany is a yacht racing team that competed for the Louis Vuitton Cup 2007 , the challenger series held prior to the America 's Cup .
They planned to compete in the Louis Vuitton Pacific Series in 2009 . However , they withdrew due to financial Problems as Audi canceled their sponsorship .
External links
Official Website
America 's Cup teams
2005 establishments in Germany
The Energy Loop : Huntington/Eccles Canyons Scenic Byway is a National Scenic Byway in the state of Utah . It spans approximately as it travels from Fairview through the Manti-La Sal National Forest southeast to Huntington via Huntington Canyon , and northeast to near Colton via Eccles Canyon .
Route description
The route begins in Fairview at the intersection of US-89 and SR-31 following SR-31 eastward and immediately connects with the north end of SR-231 . As it exits the city , it turns northeast to follow Cottonwood Creek towards and into Fairview Canyon , about from the beginning of the route . It follows the canyon for another 6–7 miles , entering the Manti-La Sal National Forest , until it climbs out of the top end of the canyon at about altitude . From this point , the byway splits in two .
The south branch continues to follow SR-31 , climbing up to over elevation before dropping down to the east-southeast as it passes Huntington Reservoir , Cleveland Reservoir , and turning to the northeast towards Electric Lake . At this point , the route turns to the southeast , following Huntington Canyon and Huntington Creek downwards , eventually exiting the national forest and the canyon and ending in the city of Huntington , a mile southwest of Huntington State Park .
The North branch turns onto SR-264 , which travels eastward towards the north end of Electric Lake , where it turns north to go up Upper Huntington Canyon . After about , the route turns east again and climbs out of the Upper Huntington Canyon , and crosses over to Eccles Canyon , following Eccles Creek down . After about , the canyon and the route turn back to the north again , passing through the town of Scofield , and passing by Scofield Reservoir and state park . It continues on past the north end of the reservoir for a few more miles before turning to the east yet again , ending northwest of Price Canyon near Colton .
History
For the histories of this route 's constituent highways prior to its scenic byway designation , refer to :
SR-31
SR-96
SR-264
This route was designated a Utah Scenic Byway in 1990 , a National Forest Scenic Byway on February 6 , 1991 ( as Huntington Canyon Scenic Byway , Eccles Canyon Scenic Byway ) , and a National Scenic Byway on June 15 , 2000 .
Major intersections
North branch
South branch
See also
List of Utah Scenic Byways
References
External links
Utah Scenic Byways
National Scenic Byways
Energy Loop
Energy Loop
Energy Loop
Energy Loop
National Forest Scenic Byways
Tourist attractions in Carbon County , Utah
Tourist attractions in Utah County , Utah
Tourist attractions in Sanpete County , Utah
Tourist attractions in Emery County , Utah
Marianna Missouri Pacific Depot is a historic railroad station at Carolina and Jarrett Streets in Marianna , Arkansas . It is a long rectangular brick building , with a tile roof . A projection on the track side for the telegrapher 's booth is matched by a projection on the opposite side . The depot was built in 1915 by the Missouri Pacific Railroad during a major expansion campaign throughout the state , to provide passenger and freight services to the city .
The building was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1994 , at which time it housed a job training center .
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Lee County , Arkansas
References
Former railway stations in Arkansas
Railway stations on the National Register of Historic Places in Arkansas
Former Missouri Pacific Railroad stations
Italianate architecture in Arkansas
Railway stations in the United States opened in 1915
National Register of Historic Places in Lee County , Arkansas
1915 establishments in Arkansas
The East Kent Mavericks are an American Football team based in Canterbury , Kent . First formed in 2002 as a flag football team , they currently play in the South Division of the BAFA National Leagues Premier Conference .
History
The team was originally formed in 2001 as the Canterbury Coyotes . They immediately entered the British Senior Flag League , where they competed in the Southern Conference . After the six game regular season , they finished second with a 3-2-1 record , narrowly qualifying for the playoffs over the Bournemouth Raiders . They easily won their semifinal matchup away to the UCLA Renegades , scoring 34 points without reply to earn them a place in the final against the London Gators , which they eventually lost 14–22 .
The following season , they relocated to Aylesford and renamed themselves the Invicta Coyotes . They entered the BSFL nine-man league and finished the regular season unbeaten with a 5-0-3 record , which was enough to for them to come second and once again qualify for the playoffs . They were drawn against the Bournemouth Raiders , a team against whom they had already tied during the regular season , and the playoff game also proved to be a tight one , going into overtime before the Raiders won 0–6 .
In 2004 the club committee decided it was time to take the next step up and recruit to join the British Senior League playing full contact American football and so they bowed out of the semi contact flag league . They relocated back to their original home city of Canterbury and became affiliate members of the British American Football League as the East Kent Mavericks , where they recruited and practiced for two seasons . The Mavericks proved they were ready for competitive action after completing the obligatory friendlies against teams such as the Kent Exiles .
In 2006 they were officially accepted as full members of the league and duly given a spot in the Southern Conference of Division Two . They found this new level of football more difficult and , despite several close games , they finished the season in last place with a 0-10 record .
In the restructuring of the league prior to the 2007 season , they were moved into the South East conference where they enjoyed more success , recording five shutouts , finishing with an even 5-5 record and only missing the playoffs by one place .
During the 2008 season the team improved yet again , this time reaching a 6-4 record . However , in a crucial game , the Mavericks surrendered a 28-7 lead in losing to the Colchester Gladiators which eliminated them from playoff contention .
The 2009 season proved to be East Kent 's best yet . This year , the Mavericks held their nerve in a late season game on 12 July 2009 against the London Olympians , earning a tight 16-8 victory which was described as `` The biggest win in their history '' . The team finally clinched a playoff berth in the last game of the season with a win over the Maidstone Pumas . The game however was marred by a great tragedy when Pumas linebacker Alan Newcombe , who was standing on the Pumas ' sideline , suddenly collapsed and died . In the playoffs , the Mavericks lost out in the quarter-finals 6–24 to Hampshire Thrashers . They finished the season with an impressive 8-1-1 record .
The 2010 season saw the Mavericks promoted to Division One South East during an offseason restructure . Their first victory Division 1 came in the form of a 6-0 result against the Peterborough Saxons with Gary Welch converting two field goals to seal the win . The Mavericks finished with a respectable 3-7 record to complete their first season in a higher division . The 2011 season was much of the same , recording 2 wins and completing a 2-8 record .
2012 saw a change in coaching staff , with Glenn Lindley appointed as Head Coach and various other new coaches taking up positions . A new influx of youth and university players saw a new impetus in the mentality and focus within the team . A Josh Adamson-led spread offence produced 314 points and recorded wins against the Sussex Thunder , South Wales Warriors and Ipswich Cardinals , all firsts for the franchise . The Mavericks finished 8-2 and were awarded a playoff bye-week as division winners . The team faced the Sussex Thunder in the playoff semifinals and lost 37-30 in a disappointing match after beating Sussex twice in regular season . Despite the playoff loss , this was the most successful season in the Mavericks short history .
Prior to the 2013 season , the British American Football Association decided to restructure the National Leagues , switching from a three-tier to a two-tier system , doubling the size of the Premiership team in the process . Having finished top in the Division One South East the previous season ( though knocked out in the playoffs semifinals ) , the Mavs were promoted to the Premiership South . Despite it being their first ever season in the top flight of football in the UK , the Mavericks began the season strongly , winning six of their first seven games , including the first win over the Cambridgeshire Cats in team history . The Mavs ended up with a 6-4 record , losing their final three games to the London Blitz , Bristol Aztecs and eventual national champions London Warriors - all three of whom made the playoffs . The Mavericks were the only team from among those who were promoted to the Premiership following the 2013 realignment to finish the year with a winning record .
The Mavericks began their 2014 campaign in Week 3 of the BAFANL season , in a road trip against the Cambridgeshire Cats . After having notched up their first win over the Cats in franchise history in a home contest the previous season , the Mavs clocked up their first win against the Cats in Cambridgeshire , securing a hard-fought 28-20 victory . The Mavs ' second game saw them losing a tough road battle against the London Olympians 20-8 , before losing their home opener to the Colchester Gladiators in a close 40-37 defeat .
Senior team season records
References
External links
East Kent Mavericks Main Website
BAFA National League teams
Sport in Canterbury
American football teams in England
2002 establishments in England
American football teams established in 2002
The Avenger from Atlantis is a collection of science fantasy short stories by American author Edmond Hamilton . It was first published in trade paperback and ebook by DMR Books in January 2021 . It was the second of two Hamilton collections issued by that publisher , the first being The Twilight of the Gods ( 2020 ) .
Summary
The book collects eight short works of fiction by the author featuring `` concepts such as fighting men of disparate ages uniting against alien tyrants , Atlantean scientists attempting immortality , or a civilization inside an active volcano . ''
Contents
`` The Six Sleepers '' ( from Weird Tales , Oct. 1935 ) . Prospector Garry Winton , plunged into suspended animation in a gas-filled cave with a handful of other victims from throughout human history , wakes to a future ruled by rat-men .
`` The Fire Creatures '' ( from Weird Tales , Jul . 1933 ) . A scientist exploring the interior of a volcano disappears , prompting his daughter and her beau to go in after him to brave the same menace he discovered .
`` The Avenger from Atlantis '' ( from Weird Tales , Jul . 1935 ) . Atlanteans Ulios and Sthan seek vengeance on the former 's estranged wife Etain and her lover Karnath , who have destroyed the island continent ; each pair employing body-swapping technology to extend their lives , the pursuit continues down the ages .
`` Child of Atlantis '' ( from Weird Tales , Dec. 1937 ) . Castaways on a jungle island encounter a force that controls people 's wills .
`` Comrades of Time '' ( from Weird Tales , Mar . 1939 ) . Ethan Drew is drawn from his place in time and imprisoned with warriors from different ages . They must collaborate to escape and return to whence they came .
`` Armies from the Past '' ( from Weird Tales , Apr . 1939 ) . The protagonists from `` Comrades of Time '' are reunited and reinforced by soldiers from many eras to defeat a menace in the far future .
`` Dreamer 's Worlds '' ( from Weird Tales , Nov. 1941 ) . Modern man Henry Stevens dreams of being mighty warrior Khal Kan , who in turn dreams of being Stevens . Which world is real ? Are both ?
`` The Shadow Folk '' ( from Weird Tales , Sep. 1944 ) . Secreting from the wider world it fears , a hidden race is revealed at last .
References
2021 short story collections
Science fiction short story collections
Fantasy short story collections
DMR Books books
Nikolai Viktorovich Tyunin ( ; born 6 January 1987 ) is a Russian professional football coach and a former player . He works as an analyst coach with FC Khimki .
Club career
He made his professional debut in the Russian Second Division in 2006 for FC Presnya Moscow .
He played 7 seasons in the Russian Football National League for 4 different teams .
Honours
Russian Cup winner : 2006 ( played in the early stages of the 2005–06 tournament for the main squad of FC Spartak Moscow ) .
References
1987 births
People from Vilyuchinsk
Living people
Russian footballers
Association football midfielders
FC Spartak Moscow players
FC Asmaral Moscow players
FC Rotor Volgograd players
FC Ural Yekaterinburg players
FC Khimki players
FC Tyumen players
FC Gornyak Uchaly players
FC Zenit-Izhevsk players
FC Spartak-2 Moscow players
FC Spartak-MZhK Ryazan players
Reginald Storum Weir ( September 30 , 1911 – August 22 , 1987 ) was an American tennis player and physician .
Tennis
Weir was captain of the City College of New York men 's tennis team . After graduating from CCNY in 1931 , he was American Tennis Association ( ATA ) national champion in 1931 , 1932 , 1933 , 1937 , and 1942 .
With the support of the NAACP , Weir and a partner originally attempted to play at a United States Lawn Tennis Association 's ( USLTA ) -sponsored indoor tournament in 1929 , but they were turned away when organizers realized he was African-American . Later , in 1948 , he successfully gained entrance to the USLTA 's National Indoor Tournament in New York , becoming the first African-American man to play at a USLTA event . He won his first-round game on March 11 , 1948 , but did not advance further . His entrance to the tournament was the result of several years of lobbying by the ATA , and paved the way for Althea Gibson to be accepted and advance to the quarterfinals the following year .
Outside of tennis
Weir was born on September 30 , 1911 in Washington , D.C. A resident of Fair Lawn , New Jersey , he died there on August 22 , 1987 . Weir was a graduate of the medical school of New York University and practiced family medicine from 1935 to 1985 .
References
External links
1911 births
1987 deaths
African-American male tennis players
American male tennis players
African-American history of New Jersey
American primary care physicians
City College of New York alumni
People from Fair Lawn , New Jersey
New York University alumni
20th-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American men
Facilitation in business , organizational development ( OD ) and consensus decision-making refers to the process of designing and running a meeting according to a previously agreed set of requirements .
Facilitation concerns itself with all the tasks needed to reach a productive and impartial meeting outcome that reflects the agreed objectives and deliverables defined upfront by the meeting owner or client .
Areas of application
Facilitation is `` used in a wide range of situations and occupations , including workplaces , leisure and health activities , organizational planning and community development '' . Facilitation serves the needs of any group who are meeting with a common purpose , whether it be making a decision , solving a problem , or simply exchanging ideas and information . It does not lead the group , nor does it try to distract or to entertain . A slightly different interpretation focuses more specifically on a group that is engaged in experiential learning . In particular this is associated with active learning and concepts of tutelary authority . This is covered in-depth in the research work of John Heron at the University of Surrey and the International Centre for Co-operative Inquiry .
Facilitation competencies
The role of the facilitator ( see below ) The role of a facilitator only emerged as a separate set of skills in the 1980s . It has similarities to the traditional Chair or secretary roles in a meeting but goes beyond them to actively participate and guide the group towards consensus .
The International Association of Facilitators has defined a range of core competencies compiled into a Core Facilitator Competencies framework that includes 6 mains competencies and several sub-competencies that underpin a wide range of facilitation dynamics .
Facilitation dynamics
Setting ground rules Often disregarded by those untrained in facilitation , setting ground rules is a key component of the facilitation process especially in meetings convened to discuss difficult problems or for training . These rules are usually reiterated in some form at the outset of a facilitated meeting or workshop to ensure participants understand the various roles being employed and the responsibilities accorded to each . Certain aspects feature highly such as :
being open to suggestions
building on what is there , not knocking down ideas
allowing others space ( to speak or express themselves )
mutual respect
that the facilitator does not own the topic under discussion and the identity of that owner is clear
rules of engagement such as time-outs and procedures that will be adopted
how unresolved issues will be captured and dealt with
Finally it is key that , during the meeting , it is clear that the owner of the topic is not expected to intervene to impose ideas beyond setting out parameters for consideration or to give insight . The facilitator in this respect owns the process of the meeting .
These are all closely associated with the idea of facilitation as a tool of ( workplace ) empowerment .
Consulting with the client A facilitator will work with a client who is someone in an organisation , or diverse group , who is calling them and has invited the facilitator to assist . They will try to understand the purpose and outcome of the meeting by discussing it with the client .
Making arrangements for the meeting The practical arrangements will be arranged or managed by the facilitator . They will also consider in detail the location and layout of the room . They will research the meeting beforehand to understand why it is being held and that all stakeholders are invited and able to attend .
Setting the agenda They will understand in detail how each item on the agenda is to be tackled and how long it should take . Using specialist techniques they will allow participants to understand all the issues at stake and all alternative courses of action . The Facilitator designs the process ( agenda ) based on his or her discussions with the participants and the Facilitator 's process expertise .
Understanding group norms They will not make assumptions about the way people interact and will try to adapt to the ways of different cultures and organisations .
Understanding group dynamics Whilst tackling the practical aspects of a meeting they remain aware of undercurrents , both verbal and non-verbal , which may indicate problems the group is having . The facilitator may try to assist the group in becoming aware of these .
Consider the need to flexcilitate `` Flex-cil-a-tate '' whereby one flexibly facilitates a discussion or a meeting with an end goal and a plan in mind to get there and then adjust the plan based on the responses and direction the group go but still bring them back around to the end goal .
The role of the facilitator
See Facilitator for details of exactly how a facilitator might run a meeting .
It is important to note that the tasks and responsibilities listed below do not need to be covered by a single facilitator . The role of the facilitator is often shared by multiple people , for instance one person may arrange the logistics before the meeting , another person may keep time and monitor the agenda during the meeting , and a third person may be responsible for recording agreements .
Prior to a meeting , facilitators :
research the meeting
find out the purpose and goal ( if any ) of the meeting
establish who needs to attend
draw up a draft agenda and design the group processes to attain the necessary results
share the agenda with potential attendees , changing it as necessary
ensure everyone gets fully briefed for the meeting and that everyone knows the purpose and potential consequences of the meeting
During the meeting , facilitators :
monitor the agenda
keep time
manage the group process
encourage participation from all attendees
help participants understand different points of view
foster solutions that incorporate diverse points of view
manage participant behaviour
create a safe environment
teach new thinking skills and facilitate structured thinking activities
record ( with an agreed phraseology ) agreements . They may also note unresolved issues for later debate .
The facilitator may write up and publish the results of the meeting to everyone concerned including those who could not attend .
The form of meeting
A meeting usually means everyone is together in the same room at the same time and this is the major situation in which facilitation is practiced . With the introduction of modern telecommunications the field has grown to embrace other forms of meetings :
Same time same place The traditional meeting in a room with all parties present at the same time .
Same time different place The teleconference with either all parties at separate locations or with some in geographically dispersed sub meetings , all with audio / video connection .
Different time same place A meeting focussing on a particular physical location where people contribute as they pass by . A wall mounted notice board and/or poster display which allows individuals to add comments as they pass is one example . A survey using un-networked computers in a kiosk would also be a `` different time same place '' meeting .
Different time different place Meeting via a web link such as discussion groups , forums , blogs , and usenet . Specialist web-enabled group decision support software exists . Wikipedia discussion pages fall into this category .
Virtual facilitation
With the upheaval of the Digital Revolution the widespread use of Video conference combined with other digital tools for collaboration gave rise to an emergent field of virtual facilitation that occurs in the same time , different place meetings . Online meetings and workshops are great examples of virtual facilitation . In short , the approach brings remote team members together to discuss relevant topics in real-time .
See also
Decision conferencing
Dialogue mapping
Gradients of agreement scale
Graphic facilitation
References
Further reading
Bens , I . Facilitating with Ease ! , ( New & Revised Feb 2005 ) Jossey-Bass
Hogan , C.F . ( 1999 ) , Facilitating Learning , Melbourne , Australia : Eruditions ,
Hogan , C.F . ( 2000 ) , Facilitating Empowerment , London : Kogan Page ,
Hogan , C.F . ( 2002 ) , Understanding Facilitation , London : Kogan Page ,
Hogan , C.F . ( 2003 ) , Practical Facilitation , London : Kogan Page ,
Hogan , C.F . ( 2007 ) , Facilitating Multicultural Groups : A Practical Guide , London : Kogan Page ,
Kaner , S. with Lind , L. , Toldi , C. , Fisk , S. , and Berger , D. Facilitator 's Guide to Participatory Decision-Making , ( 2007 ) Jossey-Bass
Kayser , T. Mining Group Gold , ( 3rd Edition 2010 ) McGraw Hill
Schuman , S. ( Editor ) . The IAF Handbook of Group Facilitation : Best Practices from the Leading Organization in Facilitation , ( 2005 ) Jossey-Bass
Schuman , S. ( Editor ) . Creating a Culture of Collaboration , ( 2006 ) Jossey-Bass
Schwarz , R. The Skilled Facilitator , ( 3rd Edition 2017 ) Jossey-Bass
Josef W. Seifert : Visualisation - Presentation - Facilitation : Translation of the German Classic Gabal , Offenbach 2012 .
Spencer , L. Winning Through Participation , ( 1989 ) Kendall Hunt Pub . Co .
Salas , Tillmann , McKee Visualisation in Participatory Programmes , ( 1999 ) Southbound , in association with UNICEF Dhaka ,
Wilkinson , M. CLICK : The Virtual Meetings Book , ( 2013 ) Leadership Strategies Publishing
Wilkinson , M. The Secrets of Facilitation , ( 2nd Edition 2012 ) Jossey-Bass
External links
ATD : What Is Facilitation ?
Meetings
Organizational theory
`` Cowboy Boogie '' is a song co-written by Canadians Stewart MacDougall and David Wilkie and recorded by American country music singer Randy Travis . It was released in August 1993 as the lead single from his album , Wind in the Wire . It only peaked at number 46 in the United States ; however it peaked at number 10 Canada .
Music video
The music video was directed by Jim Shea and was premiered in August 1993 . It was filmed over 9 full days in Santa Fe , New Mexico , and features Travis performing the song with a full band at an outdoor ranch , along with him riding horseback , shooting weapons , and catching a bandit like cowboys of the old days .
Chart performance
`` Cowboy Boogie '' entered the U.S . Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart at number 75 for the week of September 4 , 1993 .
References
Songs about cowboys and cowgirls
1993 singles
Randy Travis songs
Warner Records singles
1993 songs
László Hammerl ( born 15 February 1942 ) is a Hungarian sport shooter and Olympic champion . He won a gold medal in the 50 metre rifle prone event at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo .
References
1942 births
Living people
Hungarian male sport shooters
ISSF rifle shooters
Olympic shooters of Hungary
Olympic gold medalists for Hungary
Olympic silver medalists for Hungary
Olympic bronze medalists for Hungary
Shooters at the 1964 Summer Olympics
Shooters at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Shooters at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Shooters at the 1976 Summer Olympics
Olympic medalists in shooting
Medalists at the 1964 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Sport shooters from Budapest
20th-century Hungarian people
José Manuel Sempere Maciá ( born 15 February 1958 ) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a goalkeeper .
Club career
Born in Torrellano , Province of Alicante , Valencian Community , Sempere finished his youth career with local giants Valencia CF , making his senior debut with RCD Español on loan ( no official appearances ) . Returned to the Che in the summer of 1980 , one of his first games was the season 's UEFA Super Cup second leg , with the side winning the competition against Nottingham Forest and him being the youngest ever goalkeeper to win that tournament , a record broken 22 years later by Iker Casillas of Real Madrid .
For 14 of his 15 seasons with his main club , Sempere alternated between first and second-choice , battling for starting duties with the likes of José Ramón Bermell and José Manuel Ochotorena . From 1991 to 1994 he collected a further La Liga 104 appearances as his team finished twice in the top four , but was again relegated to the bench for the 1994–95 campaign following the arrival of Andoni Zubizarreta from FC Barcelona , retiring in June 1995 at the age of 37 .
International career
Sempere was part of Spain 's squad at the 1977 FIFA World Youth Championship , but played no games in Tunisia .
Honours
Valencia
UEFA Super Cup : 1980
Segunda División : 1986–87
References
External links
CiberChe biography and stats
1958 births
Living people
Footballers from Elche
Spanish footballers
Association football goalkeepers
La Liga players
Segunda División players
Tercera División players
Valencia CF Mestalla footballers
Valencia CF players
RCD Espanyol footballers
Spain under-23 international footballers
Spain B international footballers
Harcourt ( ) is a commune in the Eure department in the Normandy region in northern France .
Population
Sights
Château d'Harcourt - a medieval castle with the oldest arboretum in France : the Arboretum d'Harcourt
See also
Communes of the Eure department
References
External links
Image of the gallery ( in French )
A visionary in the trees at Château d'Harcourt – how Lois-Gervais Delamarre , survivor of the French revolution , started the amazing arboretum at the chateau
Communes of Eure
The Municipio XIX was an administrative subdivision of the city of Rome . Following the administrative reform of 11 March 2013 , it was suppressed and merged into the new , and coextensive , Municipio XIV . Its territory is situated to the north-west part of the municipality of Rome .
Subdivision
Municipio XIX was divided in 8 urban zones :
The territory included the following districts :
Q.XIII Aurelio , Q.XIV Trionfale and Q.XXVII Primavalle
the following `` suburbi '' :
S.X Trionfale and S.XI Della Vittoria
and the following zones :
Z.XLVIII Casalotti , Z.XLIX Santa Maria di Galeria , Z.L Ottavia , Z.LI La Storta and Z.LIII Tomba di Nerone .
The `` Municipio '' includes the following urban areas :
Balduina , La Lucchina , Monte Mario , Palmarola , Pineta Sacchetti , Proba Pretonia , Quartaccio , Selva Candida , Selva Nera , Tragliatella , Torresina e Torrevecchia .
Politics
The list of the Presidents of the Municipio XIII since 2001 :
Resources
In the `` Municipio '' there are a lot of green areas , the principal are : the Natural Reserve of the Insugherata , the urban Regional Park of the Pineto , the Natural Monument `` Quarto degli Ebrei - Tenuta di Mazzalupetto '' .
There are the Agostino Gemelli Hospital and the San Filippo Neri Hospital , two of the most important hospitals in Rome .
Education
Public libraries include Casa del Parco in Pineta Sacchetti and Franco Basaglia in Primavalle .
References
External links
Former municipi of Rome
The Record-Journal is an American daily newspaper based in Meriden , Connecticut , that dates back to the years immediately following the American Civil War . It is owned by the Record-Journal Publishing Company , a family-owned business entity that also owns Westerly , Rhode Island 's The Westerly Sun .
The Record-Journal dates back to a weekly newspaper called the Weekly Visitor established in 1867 . In 1892 , E.E . Smith and Thomas Warnock bought it and converted it to a daily . Co-founder Thomas Warnock was editor of the paper for almost half a century . E.E . Smith was the first of four generations to lead the Record-Journal as publisher . E.E . Smith was followed by his son , Wayne C. Smith , who served as publisher until his death in 1966 . In 1977 , The Morning Record and the Meriden Journal merged and became the Record-Journal . Carter White took over for his stepfather and was publisher until his retirement in 1988 . Carter 's son Eliot C. White is the current Record-Journal president , and Elizabeth White , a member of the family 's fifth generation , is Publisher and Executive Vice President .
Expansion
During the first decade of the 21st century , the Record-Journal company doubled in size with seven acquisitions and seventeen start-ups , expanding into new markets and adding 100 people to its Rhode Island and Florida operations . By the middle of the decade , the Record-Journals daily publication comprised 45 percent of total business of the company . The year 2006 marked the company 's 140th birthday , and found itself shifting again , this time embracing its online presence as Elizabeth White became new media director and led the launch of Myrecordjournal.com , the Record-Journals community news and advertising web site . The number of site visits subsequently became over 700,000 per month .
Its circulation was 16,711 daily , 17,896 Sundays in 2011 .
In 2013–2014 , circulation was 14,662 daily ( last quarter , 2014 ) and 17,065 Sundays ( 2013 ) .
In October 2015 , the Record-Journal Publishing Co. moved from 11 Crown St. to a new headquarters at 500 S. Broad St. in Meriden . As part of the move , the company rebranded as RJ Media Group .
See also
The Middletown Press , 1878-founded newspaper in nearby Middletown
References
External links
Record-Journal embraces digital age amid changing media landscape | Hartford Business Journal
Companies based in New Haven County , Connecticut
Newspapers published in Connecticut
Publications established in 1867
Mass media in New Haven County , Connecticut
Isolados is a 2014 Brazilian horror thriller film directed by Tomas Portella , starring Bruno Gagliasso , Regiane Alves and José Wilker . Shot in the inner Rio de Janeiro state during three weeks , the film is the last work of actor José Wilker , who died on April 5 , 2014 . It was premiered on August 8 at the 2014 Festival de Gramado .
The film follows the story of a couple who , after moving to an isolated house , begins to feel threatened by several violent stories that surrounds the location .
Plot
The film tells the story of Lauro , a young psychiatrist who fell in love with his former patient Renata . One day , they decide to travel to the mountains in search of tranquillity , without knowing that the site houses a serial killer couple , which are targeting women in the region . Isolated , they will have to fight alone for their lives .
Cast
Bruno Gagliasso as Lauro
Regiane Alves as Renata
José Wilker as Dr. Fausto
Juliana Alves as Luzia
Orã Figueiredo as Clóvis
Silvio Guindane as Augusto
References
External links
2014 horror thriller films
2014 films
Brazilian horror thriller films
Films shot in Rio de Janeiro ( state )
Brazilian independent films
2014 horror films
2014 independent films
2010s Portuguese-language films
mcast.net is a second level domain reserved by the Internet Assigned Numbers Authority ( IANA ) and maintained by Verisign used to bind DNS records unique to multicast addressing . The domain and its subdomains are not associated with any web site .
In 2011 it was proposed to make it flow into the domain .arpa without having found success .
Examples
Examples of multicast address definitions in the domain mcast.net are :
See also
Multicast
.net
References
Domain Name System
Second-level domains
Nishant Kumar ( born 25 December 1988 ) is an Indian cricketer . He made his first-class debut on 9 December 2019 , for Bihar in the 2019–20 Ranji Trophy .
References
External links
1988 births
Living people
Indian cricketers
Bihar cricketers
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Frank Cousins ( July 1 , 1851 – June 6 , 1925 ) was an American writer and photographer of Federal style architecture in New England . Cousins 's photographs added to the preservation movement in the early 1900s by documenting buildings and a style of architecture that was in danger of being demolished . He was born , lived , and worked in Salem , MA .
Biography
As a young man he worked in the dry goods store , J.B. & S.D . Shepard . Cousins and his brothers opened their own general store at 170-174 Essex Street in Salem in 1868 . His brothers passed away and Cousins continued to run the store and called it Frank Cousins Bee Hive or `` Frank Cousins 's Bee Hive '' . As his business became more successful he was able to indulge in his interests in studying New England architecture through writing and photography .
Over the course of his life he took tens of thousands of images and sold them at his store and to more specific audiences ( architects , publishers , libraries ) through his business `` Frank Cousins Art Company . '' He published books and photographic albums on colonial architecture . Some of these photo albums were salesman 's order books for his company Frank Cousins Art Co. and these featured houses in Salem , Marblehead , Danvers , Waltham , and Peabody focusing on architectural details . He photographed many Samuel McIntire homes in Salem . In addition to New England , subjects of his images included landmarks and architecture in Baltimore , Philadelphia , New York City , and other locations in the eastern United States as well as in Europe . In 1913 , he was commissioned by the Art Commission of New York City to document buildings that were to be demolished . He was interested in locales related to Nathaniel Hawthorne , famous author from Salem , MA . He also photographed historic homes and museums such as the Peabody Museum and the Essex Institute .
Books published
Cousins , Frank and Phil M. Riley . The Colonial Architecture of Salem . Boston : Little , Brown , and Company , 1916 .
Cousins , Frank and Phil M. Riley . The Wood-Carver of Salem : Samuel McIntire , His Life and Work . Boston : Little , Brown , and Company , 1916 .
Cousins , Frank . Colonial Architecture , Series 1 : Fifty Salem Doorways , Garden City , N.Y. , Doubleday , Page & Co. , 1912 .
Exhibitions
A New View : Architecture Photography from the National Museums in Berlin , Museum of Photography in Berlin , 2010 .
Further Sources
Articles
Jessen , Peter ( 1916 ) . Reisestudien . III . Der amerikanische Kolonialstil . Kunstgewerbeblatt NF 28 ( 3 ) :41–48 .
Archival Collections
Peabody Essex Museum , Phillips Library , The Frank Cousins Collection of Glass Plate Negatives
Frank Cousins Photographs , David M. Rubenstein Rare Book & Manuscript Library , Duke University
Colonial architecture of the United States : photo album , Columbia University
News Clippings
Recognition won by Frank Cousins , editorial endorsement accorded him by New York magazine for pictures of Salem subjects . Salem News , November 15 , 1911 .
Obituary of Frank Cousins , Salem Evening News , June 8 , 1925 .
References
1851 births
1925 deaths
American photographers
People from Salem , Massachusetts
Akkuli ( ) , until 2018 Lebyazhye ( , ) is a district of Pavlodar Region in northern Kazakhstan . The administrative center of the district is the selo of Akkuli ( , Aqquly ; formerly Akku , , Aqqu ( 2018-1996 ) ; Lebyazhye ( ( until 1996 ) ) . Population : 12444 ( on January 1 , 2018 estimate ) ;
On 4 August 2018 President of the Republic of Kazakhstan Nursultan Nazarbayev adopted decree to rename Lebyazhye District to Akkuli District .
External links
Map of Akkuli ( Lebyazhye ) District on Akimat of Akkuli ( Lebyazhye ) District website
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
Pavlodar Region
Flight Lieutenant Maurice Hewlett Mounsdon ( 11 February 1918 – 6 December 2019 ) was a British pilot who flew with the Royal Air Force during World War II .
Service in the RAF
Maurice `` Mark '' Mounsdon started training on 24 August 1939 and joined 56 Squadrons on 3 June 1940 during the Battle of Britain . Flying a Hurricane , he shared in the destruction of a Dornier Do 17 bomber on 3 July and three weeks later he probably destroyed a Junkers Ju 87 `` Stuka '' . As the battle intensified in mid-August he destroyed two Messerschmitt fighters and a probable third . He shot down or damaged about seven German aircraft before he was shot down by German fighters over Colchester on 31 August 1940 . He survived but was badly burned and so spent nine months in hospitals including Black Notley and the Queen Victoria Hospital – famous for its specialist work on burns and the Guinea Pig Club .
While recovering , he served at the HQ at RAF North Weald . After the reconstructive surgery was complete , he was still rated below A1B `` fit full flying '' and so was posted as an instructor at RAF Bottisham and then as a flight commander at RAF Booker . When the war ended , he was posted to 8303 Disarmament Wing , searching Germany for advanced weaponry such as jets and rockets . After demobilisation in 1946 , he returned to the engineering profession which he had started at the General Electric Company , specialising in inventions and patents such as – `` winches for use with high masts '' .
Life after the war
While in hospital , recovering from the burns he endured after bailing out , he married his childhood sweetheart Mary . The couple moved to the Spanish island of Menorca in the late 1970s and lived there until she died in 1993 . In September 2018 , for Mousdon 's 100th birthday , the Red Arrows paid tribute to him with a flypast off the coast of Menorca .
Mounsdon died on 6 December 2019 at the age of 101 , at the nursing home where he lived on the island of Menorca . The head of the RAF , Air Chief Marshal Michael Wigston , said that `` [ Mounsdon 's ] bravery and sacrifice should never be forgotten . ''
See also
List of RAF aircrew in the Battle of Britain
The Few
References
1918 births
2019 deaths
People from Lichfield
People from Menorca
Royal Air Force pilots of World War II
The Few
British centenarians
Men centenarians
20th-century English people
21st-century English people
Royal Air Force officers
Preethi is a 1972 Indian Malayalam-language film , directed by William Thomas . The film stars Madhu , Sheela , Prem Navas and Baby Shabnam . The film 's score was composed by A. T. Ummer .
Cast
Madhu
Sheela
Prem Navas
Baby Shabnam
Bahadoor
Kaduvakulam Antony
N. Govindankutty
Philomina
S. P. Pillai
Soundtrack
The music was composed by A. T. Ummer with lyrics by Pavithran .
References
External links
1972 films
1970s Malayalam-language films
JFK Revisited : Through the Looking Glass is a 2021 American-British documentary film about the assassination of John F. Kennedy directed by Oliver Stone , based on the 1992 non-fiction book Destiny Betrayed : JFK , Cuba , and the Garrison Case by James DiEugenio and on newly declassified evidence about the case . It premiered on July 12 , 2021 , in the Cannes Premiere section at the 2021 Cannes Film Festival .
Stone described it as `` an important bookend to my 1991 film . It ties up many loose threads , and hopefully repudiates much of the ignorance around the case and the movie '' . The film is narrated by Whoopi Goldberg and Donald Sutherland .
Synopsis
After the 1991 film JFK , Congress enacts the President John F. Kennedy Assassination Records Collection Act of 1992 , establishing a review board to declassify assassination-related documents . The film disputes the chain of evidence for the `` single bullet '' that caused wounds to Kennedy and Governor John Connally . Researcher Barry Ernest , author of the 2010 JFK book The Girl on the Stairs , is interviewed about alleged witness statements purportedly casting doubt on the timeline of Lee Harvey Oswald 's movements immediately after the assassination .
Interviewees featured in the film include :
John R. Tunheim
Dr. Henry Lee
Robert F. Kennedy , Jr. , nephew of President John F. Kennedy .
James K. Galbraith
David Talbot
Cyril Wecht
Production
The film was produced by Ixtlan Productions and Pantagruel Productions with funding by Ingenious Media .
Release
It was released on video on demand on November 12 , 2021 , and was televised on Showtime on November 22 , 2021 . It was theatrically released in the U.K. and Ireland by Altitude Film Distribution on November 26 , 2021 .
References
External links
2021 films
2021 documentary films
American documentary films
Films directed by Oliver Stone
Documentary films about the assassination of John F. Kennedy
2020s English-language films
2020s American films
Becky Becky is a British literary-inspired electro-synth-pop duo composed of Gemma L. Williams and Peter J D Mason . They have released two studio albums : Good Morning , Midnight ( 2014 ) and Maraca ( 2021 ) .
Musical career
Williams ' previous music project was Woodpecker Wooliams and Mason was a member of Fence Collective .
Becky Becky released a debut single , The Harder Stuff , in 2011 . Their debut album in 2014 is based on Jean Rhys ' 1939 novel Good Morning , Midnight—the novel deals with a woman 's feelings of vulnerability , depression , loneliness and desperation during the years between the two World Wars .
Their In Honour Of 'Silent Shout ' ( 2016 ) digital-only album is a cover of The Knife 's 2006 album Silent Shout , released on the ten-year anniversary of Silent Shout '' 's release .
Their 2021 album , Maraca , and a series of singles/EPs , are based on a short story by Williams that was published in Stim : An Autistic Anthology ( 2020 ) . `` It tells the story of a doomed relationship between a young autistic woman from England and an older Chilean man , married with children . Against the backdrop of the skyscrapers and mountains of Santiago de Chile , themes of infidelity , isolation and alienation are explored through the lyrics '' .
Discography
AlbumsGood Morning , Midnight ( self-released/Feint , 2014 ) Good Morning , Midnight – Live ( self-released/Feint , 2015 ) In Honour Of 'Silent Shout ' ( self-released , 2016 ) – digital releaseMaraca ( Woodland , 2021 )
Singles and EPsThe Harder Stuff ( self-released , 2011 ) – 9 tracksChampagne On Christmas Day EP ( self-released/Feint , 2014 ) – digital release
`` Fire & Wings '' ( self-released/Feint , 2014 )
`` House Of The Black Madonna '' ( self-released/Feint , 2015 )
`` Tigers Are Better-Looking '' ( Personal Theatre , 2016 )
`` Hey , Santiago ! '' ( Woodland , 2021 ) The Mountain EP ( Woodland , 2021 ) The Dance EP ( Woodland , 2021 ) Symmetry '' ( Woodland , 2021 )
References
External links
Musical groups from Brighton and Hove
British synth-pop groups
British musical duos
Raqray ( quechua for to slice , to crack open , Hispanicized spelling Racray ) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru which reaches an altitude of approximately . It is located in the Lima Region , Canta Province , Huaros District , and in the Huarochirí Province , on the border of the districts of Huanza and Laraos . Raqray lies north of Kiwyu , northeast of a lake named Qiwllaqucha ( Quechua for `` gull lake '' ) .
References
Mountains of Peru
Mountains of Lima Region
Martin Cone ( 1882–1963 ) was a Catholic priest in the United States and served as the sixth president of St. Ambrose College in Davenport , Iowa from 1930 to 1937 .
Biography
He was a native of Clinton , Iowa , and studied for the priesthood at St. Mary 's Seminary in Baltimore , where he was ordained a priest for the Diocese of Davenport on June 12 , 1912 . He did graduate studies at The Catholic University of America in Washington , DC and the University of Iowa where he earned a doctorate .
He was assigned to the faculty of St. Ambrose College after ordination . Cone was a social worker who taught social sciences at St. Ambrose for 16 years before becoming president . While serving at the college he was also pastor of St. Patrick 's parish in Villa Nova . Cone led the effort to bring Catholic Charities to the diocese in the late 1920s , and served as its first director from 1929 until his death in 1963 . He had an interest in St. Vincent 's Home in Davenport where he helped to improve the living conditions of the children and professionalized the staff . As president at St Ambrose he took over at the beginning of the Great Depression . Cone is credited with building the faculty , taking over at a time when priests were paid $ 15 a month for teaching . Cone also instituted summer sessions on campus . He was also instrumental in developing a college for women in Davenport that would become Marycrest College . In the 1930s he worked with Msgrs . William Shannahan and George Giglinger to develop a local radio program on WOC that featured Catholic topics . In 1937 he joined the board of the diocesan newspaper , The Catholic Messenger .
Bishop Henry Rohlman nominated Father Cone for papal honors twice . In 1931 Pope Pius XI named him a Domestic Prelate . Pope Pius XII named him a Protonotary Apostolic in 1941 .
After his presidency Msgr . Cone was appointed pastor and rector of Sacred Heart Cathedral , and vicar general of the Diocese of Davenport . When Bishop Rohlman became coadjutor archbishop of Dubuque in 1944 , Msgr . Cone became administrator of the diocese until Bishop Ralph Leo Hayes was named Bishop of Davenport . In the 1940s he helped organize the diocese 's participation in the War Emergency and Relief Collection , which was sponsored by the National Catholic Welfare Council . He died in Davenport in 1963 at the age of 80 .
References
1882 births
1963 deaths
St. Ambrose University faculty
Roman Catholic Diocese of Davenport
Presidents of St. Ambrose University
People from Clinton , Iowa
People from Davenport , Iowa
Catholic University of America alumni
Religious leaders from Iowa
Catholics from Iowa
20th-century American Roman Catholic priests
{ { Infobox military person
| name =François Eugene Marie Antoine de Boigne
|birth_date=18 August 1896
|death_date=
| birth_place =Noyon , France
| allegiance =
| branch =Aviation
| rank =Lieutenant
| unit =No . 82 Escadrille , No . 69 Escadrille
| awards =Legion d'honneurMédaille militaire Croix de GuerreItalian Croix de la Valeur } }
Lieutenant François Eugene Marie Antoine de Boigne was a French pilot during World War I , who became a flying ace during the war . He was credited with six aerial victories between May 3 , 1917 through October 9 , 1918 as part of Escadrille 82 and Escadrille 69 .
Biography
François Eugene Marie Antoine de Boigne was born in Noyon , France on 18 August 1896 . On 11 November 1914 , he volunteered for four years military service and became a Hussar . He was sent to pilot training on 13 June 1916 . He was awarded his Military Pilot 's Brevet on 25 August 1916 . He was posted to Escadrille 82 on 2 January 1917 . He would score his first victory while flying with them , on 3 May 1917 . During the first half of 1918 , he scored four more . On 16 September 1918 , he would be transferred to Escadrille 69 , with whom he would score his final victory . By war 's end , he had risen through the enlisted ranks to be commissioned as a lieutenant .
Postwar , De Boigne served in China . He also served during World War II . He died on 23 August 1970 .
Sources of information
Reference
Franks , Norman ; Bailey , Frank ( 1993 ) . Over the Front : The Complete Record of the Fighter Aces and Units of the United States and French Air Services , 1914–1918 . '' London , UK : Grub Street Publishing . .
1970 deaths
1896 births
French World War I flying aces
Local skepticism is the view that one can not possess knowledge in some particular domain . It contrasts with global skepticism ( also known as absolute skepticism or universal skepticism ) , the view that one can not know anything at all .
Examples of local skepticism
Moral skepticism is the belief that moral knowledge is either nonexistent or unattainable .
Metaphysical skepticism , often called external world skepticism , is the denial of metaphysical knowledge . This belief is generally said to follow from the argument that material knowledge can only be attained through our perception of the world , and that our senses which constitute that perception do not necessarily correspond with any actual state of affairs . See also : subjective idealism .
Theological skepticism it is the view that we can not know for certain whether one or more deities exist . A theological skeptic may be an atheist , theist , or agnostic .
Notes
Further reading
The Impossibility of Local Skepticism by Stephen Maitzen -- a critique of the possibility of local skepticism
Theory of Knowledge , notes by Richard Feldman , University of Rochester
Skepticism
Jonchery-sur-Vesle station ( French : Gare de Jonchery-sur-Vesle ) is a railway station located in the French municipality of Jonchery-sur-Vesle , in the department of the Marne .
Services
The station is unstaffed and equipped with ticket dispensing machines . It is served by TER Grand Est trains between Reims and Fismes ( line C11 ) , operated by the SNCF .
References
Railway stations in Marne ( department )
Sivapalan ( ) is a Tamil male given name . Due to the Tamil tradition of using patronymic surnames it may also be a surname for males and females .
Notable people
Given name
M. Sivapalan ( born 1953 ) , Sri Lankan engineer , hydrologist and academic
Pon Sivapalan ( c1952–1998 ) , Sri Lankan politician
S. Sivapalan ( c1890–1960 ) , Ceylonese politician
See also
Tamil masculine given names
Tremseh ( , al-Turaymisah ) , or in various dialects Tremseh , Treimsa , Taramsah , Taramseh in the Hama Governorate in northern Syria . It is roughly 22 miles northwest of the central city of Hama . Nearby localities include district center Mahardah and Shaizar to the east , Khunayzir to the southeast , Asilah to the south , Safsafiyah to the southwest , Asharnah and Tell Salhab to the west , al-Jalmah to the north and Kafr Hud to the northeast . According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics ( CBS ) , Tremseh had a population of 6,926 in the 2004 census . The town was reported to have a population of between 7,000 and 11,000 .
In 1838 Tremseh was classified as an abandoned village by scholar Eli Smith .
Tremseh was the site where the Battle of Tremseh occurred in July 2012 . The residents Tremseh are mostly Sunni Muslims .
References
Bibliography
Populated places in Mahardah District
Irina Petrovna Netreba Azerbaijani female wrestler . She is a European vice-champion in freestyle wrestling .
References
External links
Living people
Azerbaijani female sport wrestlers
Wrestlers at the 2015 European Games
European Games competitors for Azerbaijan
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Universiade medalists in wrestling
Universiade silver medalists for Azerbaijan
Wrestlers at the 2019 European Games
World Wrestling Championships medalists
European Wrestling Championships medalists
Medalists at the 2013 Summer Universiade
21st-century Azerbaijani women
The 1990 Islington Council election took place on 3 May 1990 to elect members of Islington London Borough Council in London , England . The whole council was up for election and the Labour party stayed in overall control of the council .
Background
Election result
Ward results
References
1990
1990 London Borough council elections
David Marshall ( born 18 May 1946 ) is a former English cricketer . Marshall was a right-handed batsman who bowled slow left-arm orthodox . He was born in Flixborough , Lincolnshire .
Marshall made his debut for Lincolnshire in the 1979 Minor Counties Championship against Cambridgeshire . Marshall played Minor counties cricket for Lincolnshire from 1979 to 1991 , which included 107 Minor Counties Championship matches and 11 MCCA Knockout Trophy matches . He made his List A debut against Surrey in the 1983 NatWest Trophy . He played 3 further List A match for Lincolnshire , the last coming against Nottinghamshire in the 1991 NatWest Trophy . In his 4 matches , he took 4 wickets at an average of 53.00 , with best figures of 2/34 .
References
External links
David Marshall at ESPNcricinfo
David Marshall at CricketArchive
1946 births
Living people
People from the Borough of North Lincolnshire
English cricketers
Lincolnshire cricketers
Thermomechanical processing is a metallurgical process that combines mechanical or plastic deformation process like compression or forging , rolling , etc . with thermal processes like heat-treatment , water quenching , heating and cooling at various rates into a single process .
Application in rebar steel
The quenching process produces a high strength bar from inexpensive low carbon steel . The process quenches the surface layer of the bar , which pressurizes and deforms the crystal structure of intermediate layers , and simultaneously begins to temper the quenched layers using the heat from the bar 's core .
Steel billets 130mm² ( `` pencil ingots '' ) are heated to approximately 1200°C to 1250°C in a reheat furnace . Then , they are progressively rolled to reduce the billets to the final size and shape of reinforcing bar . After the last rolling stand , the billet moves through a quench box . The quenching converts the billet 's surface layer to martensite , and causes it to shrink . The shrinkage pressurizes the core , helping to form the correct crystal structures . The core remains hot , and austenitic . A microprocessor controls the water flow to to quench box , to manage the temperature difference through the cross-section of the bars . The correct temperature difference assures that all processes occur , and bars have the necessary mechanical properties .
The bar leaves to quench box with a temperature gradient through its cross-section . As the bar cools , heat flows from the bar 's centre to its surface so that the bar 's heat and pressure correctly tempers an intermediate ring of martensite and bainite .
Finally , the slow cooling after quenching automatically tempers the austenitic core to ferrite and pearlite on the cooling bed .
These bars therefore exhibit a variation in microstructure in their cross-section , having strong , tough , tempered martensite in the surface layer of the bar , an intermediate layer of martensite and bainite , and a refined , tough and ductile ferrite and pearlite core .
When the cut ends of TMT bars are etched in Nital ( a mixture of nitric acid and methanol ) , three distinct rings appear : 1 . A tempered outer ring of martensite , 2 . A semi-tempered middle ring of martensite and bainite , and 3. a mild circular core of bainite , ferrite and pearlite . This is the desired micro structure for quality construction rebar .
In contrast , lower grades of rebar are twisted when cold , work hardening them to increase their strength . However , after thermo mechanical treatment ( TMT ) , bars do not need more work hardening . As there is no twisting during TMT , no torsional stress occurs , and so torsional stress can not form surface defects in TMT bars . Therefore TMT bars resist corrosion better than cold , twisted and deformed ( CTD ) bars .
After thermomechanical processing , some grades in which TMT Bars can be covered includes Fe : 415 /500 /550/ 600 . These are much stronger compared with conventional CTD Bars and give up to 20 % more strength to concrete structure with same quantity of steel .
References
Steelmaking
Metallurgical processes
Pristobaeus vitiensis is a jumping spider species in the genus Pristobaeus . The female was first identified in 2008 by Barbara Maria Patoleta . The species was initially placed in the genus Palpelius but was renamed Pristobaeus vitiensis when Palpelius was accepted as the junior synonym for Pristobaeus .
Description
The species is small with a grey abdomen and a cephalothorax typically measuring long .
Distribution
Pristobaeus vitiensis is found in Fiji . The holotype was discovered on the island of Viti Levu , after which the species is named .
References
Spiders of Fiji
Salticidae
Spiders described in 2008
... Because I Can is the first ( and only ) studio album by Mice , and released through the Permanent Records label . Although a second album , New And Improved , was released , this was not a new album but rather an extended re-issue , released through the Jamtart label .
History of Mice
Mice were formed in 1995 by ( then ) ex-All About Eve lead singer Julianne Regan and ex-Powder bassist Tim McTighe . The band also featured former Levitation guitarist Christian Hayes ( aka Bic ) , as well as ( ex-All About Eve ) drummer Mark Price ( at that point in time , Regan 's brother-in-law ) . As well as these permanent members , Mice also featured many collaborations , including other former members of All About Eve , Marty Willson-Piper and Andy Cousin .
Mice released their first single `` Mat 's Prozac '' in November 1995 , a second single `` The Milkman '' in early 1996 , a third and final single `` Dear Sir '' in July , and this album in August of that year . The band also extensively toured the country during 1996 with Dominic Luckman on drums , Dave Woodman on guitar and Ali Kane playing keyboards . Permanent Records went bankrupt in 1997 owing the band money , and the album ( despite having made the Indie Top 10 in the UK ) and its singles were left hanging in the shops without replacement or support . Mice disbanded shortly afterwards .
Versions
Two versions of this album exist - a standard one disc version and a special edition two disc versions , the second disc containing four songs from a BBC Radio 1 session .
Personnel on BBC Radio 1 session :
Guitars : Dave Woodman ; Julianne Regan ; Marty Wilson-Piper .
Keyboards : Ali Kane .
Bass : Tim McTighe .
Drums : Dominic Luckman .
At approx 2:14 on the live version of Blue Sonic Boy ( song 3 ) Marty Wilson-Piper broke a string during the recording .
Track listing
`` Mat 's Prozac ''
`` Star ''
`` Dear Sir ''
`` Bang Bang ''
`` The Milkman ''
`` Blue Sonic Boy ''
`` Julie Christie ''
`` Miss World ''
`` Trumpet Song ''
`` Battersea ''
`` Messed Up ''
On the special edition version , disc two contained live recordings of :
`` The Milkman ''
`` Mat 's Prozac ''
`` Blue Sonic Boy ''
`` Dear Sir ''
Notes
The band were originally going to be called The Innocent , until a late change . However , by this stage Permanent Records had got slightly confused , and thought the album was being called The Innocent instead . Some promo copies of the `` Mat 's Prozac '' single stated the forthcoming album to be The Innocent instead of ... Because I Can .
`` Battersea '' was a left-over demo that would have found its way onto the fifth All About Eve studio album had not the group disbanded in 1993 . However , since the 1999 reformation of All About Eve , it has never been played as an All About Eve song .
References
1996 debut albums
Mice ( band ) albums
