Pataki may refer to :
Pataki ( surname )
Hungarian name of Potoky , Slovakia
Hayden v. Pataki
Pataki ( film ) , a 2017 Indian Kannada Language film
See also
Patakí stories
Potaki ( disambiguation )
Potok ( disambiguation )
Potocki family , an artistocratic family originating from Potok in the Kraków Voivodeship
Merlynston Creek is a tributary of Merri Creek in Melbourne 's northern suburbs , in Victoria , Australia .
The source of the creek is the National Boulevard Reserve located in an industrial area in the north of Campbellfield in City of Hume .
The creek travels about 11 kilometres from its source in Campbellfield , through the suburbs of Coolaroo , Dallas , Broadmeadows , Glenroy , Hadfield , Fawkner , and Coburg North to its confluence with the Merri Creek above Coburg Lake . Campbellfield Creek joins Merlynston Creek as it passes through Fawkner Cemetery .
The Creek passes through Jack Roper Reserve , a picturesque lake and Melbourne Water flood mitigation retention basin , and one of City of Hume 's most popular family parks . The retarding basin was constructed in 1964 to create the lake with a storage volume of 382 million litres . The operating range of the retarding basin ( height to the spillway ) is 10 metres .
Jack Roper Reserve is one of three flood mitigation basins in the creek 's urban catchment . The other two are flood Detention basins : Army Basin , named after the nearby Maygar Barracks , and Box Forest mitigation basin located between the Northern Memorial Park and Box Forest Road .
According to the City of Moreland stormwater management plan , Merlynston Creek length is 43 percent piped or an open concrete channel , 27 percent has major modifications , and only 30 percent of the stream is relatively unmodified .
The creek passes through and is a major feature of the Northern Memorial Park and Fawkner Crematorium and Memorial Park , both run by the Greater Metropolitan Cemeteries Trust .
The Creek has been diverted into underground pipes slightly north of Boundary Road as it leaves the cemetery , making its way southeast towards Merri Creek underneath the Merlynston locality and Coburg North . Increased urban consolidation has added to 100-year flash flooding risk in North Coburg along the course of Merlynston Creek , according to the State Emergency Service ( SES ) . The State Emergency Services says flooding has occurred along the creek path through North Coburg historically in 1891 , 1916 , 1934 , 1954 , 1974 , 1978 , 1981 , 1983 , 1989 , 2003 , and 2011 .
References
Rivers of Victoria ( Australia )
Port Phillip and Western Port catchment
Rivers of Port Phillip ( region )
Tributaries of the Yarra River
Korsakovia is a single-player mod for Valve 's video game Half-Life 2 . It was developed by Thechineseroom . Korsakovia was released as freeware download on 20 September 2009 .
Plot
In Korsakovia , the player travels through the delusions of Christopher , a man suffering from Korsakoff 's syndrome . The player hears the voices of Christopher and a doctor as they try to help Christopher .
Location
The game takes place in numerous presumably illusory locations , ranging from an asylum to a factory . Objects sometimes float or otherwise defy the ordinary laws of physics . The player has the standard Half-Life 2 flashlights , but it often runs out of electricity and must be turned off to recharge . The overall ambiance is nightmarishly grim , grimy , and depressing , an effect that is amplified considerably by atmospheric music and sound effects .
The narrator 's words imply that the player is under treatment in a hospital while he is having the delusions that constitute the game . Before the beginning of the game , Christopher was found in his living room with copper wire around his hands . He had punched the television and the wires caught fire , which is the cause of the damage to his hands . He also seems to have ripped his own eyeballs out and eaten them as reported by the paramedics . These injuries and their rationale are referenced repeatedly in the narration and by objects the player finds in his illusory landscape .
Gameplay
Like Thechineseroom 's previous mod , Dear Esther , the player explores the environment while listening to narration . However , this time the player can move far more freely and is sometimes armed with a crowbar , which he uses to smash through obstacles or ward off monsters composed of black smoke . The player can also pick up health packs to repair damage , the existence and extent of which is indicated by cracks spreading inward from the edges of his screen . If the player `` dies '' as a result of too much damage , they are returned to the last previous save point .
References
Mod DB download page , with several screenshots and a promo video
Review by Fraser McMillan and Lewis Denby for Resolution
Review by Anthony Burch for Destructoid
Review by Rock , Paper , Shotgun
2009 video games
Psychological horror games
Source ( game engine ) mods
Video games developed in the United Kingdom
Video games scored by Jessica Curry
Windows games
Windows-only games
Gareth Jewell ( born 7 June 1983 ) is a British television actor from Ammanford , Wales .
Career
Before concentrating on his acting career , Jewell held a number of different jobs after getting rejected from RADA as a teenager . In 2009 Jewell portrayed the character of Rob Williams in the BBC Wales drama Crash . This followed with a cameo appearance as a car thief in Welsh language film Patagonia , and a role in the 2010 BBC One drama The Indian Doctor . In 2011 he was cast as Owen , the lead male character in the BBC Wales drama Baker Boys , after attending an audition with co-stars Eve Myles and Matthew Gravelle .
As of 2013 , Jewell has been part of the main cast on S4C 's school drama Gwaith/Cartref . His storylines have been based on his controversial relationship with Sian Bowen-Harries ( Janet Aethwy ) and the history of his father 's domestic violence .
In 2011 The Western Mail listed him as the 24th sexiest man in Wales .
Filmography
References
External links
Baker Boys Interview
1983 births
People from Ammanford
British male television actors
Living people
Steve Regan ( born 1958 in Wigan ) is a UK-based journalist and television critic who worked for the ORACLE teletext service during the 1980s and early 1990s . Educated at the University of Kent , for many years he wrote a popular column on the service under the pseudonym Sam Brady in which he regularly poured scorn on the `` middle class blandies '' he believed were running the British television industry .
The column was very popular with viewers and when ORACLE closed on 31 December 1992 , the column was taken up by its replacement Teletext on 3 . It continued for nine years until it was dropped following a change in direction by Teletext .
From the mid-1990s Regan wrote columns for the Hull Daily Mail ( where he became known as the King of Hull ) , the Whitstable Times , the Kentish Times and the Moorlands Trader ( Staffordshire ) . He is now working as a communications director . He writes a blog under his real name , and he also writes as Sam Brady , but again now as a blogger .
References
External links
Steve Regan writing as Sam Brady
British television critics
Living people
Alumni of the University of Kent
People from Wigan
1958 births
Roberto Hernandez Stadium is a former minor league and current collegiate baseball stadium , located in Aiken , South Carolina . It is currently the home of the University of South Carolina Aiken Pacer baseball teams . Built in 2003 , the stadium was named after the USC Aiken alumni and former major league pitcher , Roberto Hernández . The stadium has a capacity of 1,000 and has a fully operational concession stand . The stadium also has a dedicated Hall of Fame to Roberto Hernandez , which contains several items of baseball memorabilia and awards belonging to him .
The stadium had been briefly the home of the Aiken Foxhounds , of the South Coast League in 2007 . The Foxhounds folded after league went into bankruptcy and never returned .
External links
References
Minor league baseball venues
Baseball venues in South Carolina
Sports venues in Aiken County , South Carolina
South Coast League venues
2003 establishments in South Carolina
Sports venues completed in 2003
College baseball venues in the United States
USC Aiken Pacers baseball
Stafford Farm is a 100-acre farm in the Glendale section of Voorhees , New Jersey . Before English inhabitation , the land was used by the Leni Lenape Native Americans for travel . In 1773 , it was originally settled by the son of John Stafford , on nearby Short Hills Farm in Cherry Hill . John Stafford was George Washington 's personal guard during the American Revolutionary War . The current location of the farm , located at the busy intersection of Evesham Road ( County Route 544 ) and White Horse Road ( County Route 673 ) , has been owned by its original family—longer than any other property in Voorhees . Motorists driving by the farm and those nearby at local shopping centers across the street can see the grazing horses and cattle . In addition , Standardbred race horses can be seen trotting and pacing around a half-mile training track on clear days . There were plans to develop a shopping center on the farm 's property . Development did not occur , due to the efforts made by the township , county , and state to protect the land .
Across the street on the Cherry Hill side is Holly Ravine , a shopping center and farm .
References
External links
Preserving farmland : a tale of two farms
Buildings and structures in Camden County , New Jersey
Farms in New Jersey
Voorhees Township , New Jersey
Bartolina Sisa Vargas ( 1750 – 5 September 1782 ) was an Aymaran woman and indigenous heroine who led numerous revolts against the Spanish rule in Charcas , then part of the Viceroyalty of Peru and present-day Bolivia . Alongside her husband , the indigenous leader Túpac Katari , she participated in the organisation of indigenous military camps that took part in the siege of La Paz . She was betrayed and turned in to the Spanish authorities , who later executed her .
Honouring the date of her death , the International Day of Indigenous Women is celebrated every 5 September since 1983 . Bartolina Sisa is often the name used by many indigenous organisations in Bolivia , such as the Bartolina Sisa Confederation , the primary union of peasant women in the country .
Biography
Bartolina Sisa was born around the year 1750 in the indigenous community of Q'ara Qhatu ( Caracoto in Spanish ) , a village in the Real Audiencia of Charcas , Viceroyalty of Peru , the daughter of José Sisa and Josefa Vargas . She was still a young child when her family moved to Sica Sica , where they traded coca leaves and worked in the production of woven goods . As it was common for peasant families of the region , she traveled across the Altiplano selling the goods produced by her family . Also in Sica Sica lived Julián Apaza , later to be known as Túpac Katari , whom Sisa married and with whom she had four children . According to the Franciscan friar Matías Balderrama , Sisa was thin , of medium height , comely appearance and great intelligence .
During her early adulthood Sisa witnessed the violence and injustice that the indigenous peoples of the Altiplano were often victims of at hands of the Spanish rule , which later motivated her to join her husband leading indigenous militias across the Altiplano to resist the colonial rule .
In 1780 an indigenous insurrection of mostly Aymara and Quechua peoples took place against the colonial rulers of the Viceroyalty of Peru , led by Túpac Amaru II . During the uprising , Bartolina Sisa was given an important leadership role at the head of an army of around 40,000
Siege of La Paz
Bartolina Sisa , her husband and other indigenous leaders like José Gabriel Condorcanqui , later known as Túpac Amaru II , and the brothers Damasio and Tomás Katari were joined together in their ideals of indigenous empowerment and managed to gather around 150,000 indigenous , mostly Quechuas and Aymaras , to join their cause .
On 13 March 1781 Sisa and Túpac Katari establish a siege around the city of La Paz , then capital of Charcas and seat of the colonial Real Audiencia with a force of some 20,000 men , later to be joined by other 80,000 . The city is located on an enclosed valley with limited access , and the siege was able to completely block all movement to and from the city . During this time , Sisa organised military camps around all the mountain passes that led to the city and acted as main command of the indigenous forces . On 21 May , a Spanish military force attempted to dissolve the siege and capture Sisa , failing to do so .
Katari and Sisa set up court in El Alto and their army maintained the siege for 184 days , from March to June and from August to October . Sisa was a commander of the siege , and played the crucial role following Katari 's capture in April . After almost 190 days of siege , it was finally broken by a Spanish reinforcement force arriving from Lima , La Plata and Buenos Aires . The Spanish forces received help from other indigenous communities that were opposed to Katari and that ultimately led to his capture : they were executed by hanging in September , 1782 .
Bartolina Sisa was captured and executed by the Spanish on September 5 , 1782 . She was hanged after being publicly humiliated in the La Paz 's Main Square ( now Plaza Murillo ) , beaten and raped . Once dead , the Spanish cut her body into pieces , showed her head in public to intimidate the natives , and sent her limbs to be exhibited in different villages .
Legacy
In 1980 it was named in her honour the Bartolina Sisa Confederation , a union organisation for indigenous and peasant women , with the aim of improving the participation of indigenous and rural women in the political , social and economic decisions of Bolivia . Also , in 1983 the Second Meeting of Organisations and Movements of the Americas , meeting in Tiwanaku , decided to celebrate the International Day of the Indigenous Woman every 5 September , the same day of her execution .
Bibliography
See also
India Juliana
Micaela Bastidas
References
External links
International Day of Indigenous Women
Women in Power 1870 - 1900
1750s births
1782 deaths
18th-century Bolivian people
Executed Bolivian people
Bolivian people of Aymara descent
Executed Bolivian women
Executed revolutionaries
Indigenous military personnel of the Americas
Indigenous rebellions against the Spanish Empire
People executed by Spain by hanging
People executed for treason against Spain
Rebellions in South America
Women in war in South America
Women in 18th-century warfare
The European Sensory Network ( ESN ) is an international association of leading academic and research institutions in the field of sensory and consumer sciences . ESN members share their knowledge and expertise and work towards standard methodologies . The network was founded in 1989 to meet the challenge of the rapidly developing science of sensory analysis .
Aims
The aims of the European Sensory Network are :
to further the development and application of sensory science in Europe
to improve sensory and consumer testing methodology for the benefit of the European food and non-food industry , e.g . by ensuring rapid feedback on research results of practical relevance to the industry
to promote the application of sensory analysis in the industry ; e.g . by in-house training and seminars
Activities
ESN activities cover the following areas :
Internal meetings to exchange experiences , to raise and discuss methodological questions , and to create new concepts and plans for co-operative research
Information/Education : since its foundation ESN has regularly organised international seminars and conferences for industry participants in various countries .
Method development and testing : new methods have been developed , internationally tested and compared
Collaborative research : sensory and consumer studies on an international scale ; publication of results in international reviews
A focus of ESN activities is on cross-border studies . ESN offers numerous cross-border links between sensory scientists and industrial partners . Through the network the members provide international contacts for industry regarding sensory analysis and consumer studies .
ESN Studies
Some examples :
Proficiency Testing in Sensory Analysis : within the frame of the EU-funded project `` ProfiSens '' , ESN has contributed to the development of international guidelines on how to evaluate panel performance and on how to monitor the consistency and comparability of test data in sensory laboratories .
Calibration methods : ESN members took part in the EU-funded project `` Calibsensory '' , which developed reference samples and calibration procedures for sensory testing of food contact materials ( paper and board ) .
By its participation in the EU study „ Healthy aging “ ( HealthSense ) , ESN members have contributed to new findings on how changes in sensory physiology , sensory psychology and socio-cognitive factors influence food choice in old age .
In the EU-project „ Healthy Lifestyle in Europe by Nutrition in Adolescence ( HELENA ) ESN members have compared eating habits of young people in five different European countries and identified barriers to healthy eating . They are involved in the development of new appealing healthy foods for young European consumers .
References
External links
ESN website
International scientific organizations based in Europe
Samui Centre of Learning ( , ) , Koh Samui , Thailand , ( SCL ) was an international school established in 2004 by Phillip Olson , Rachel Anderson and Roz Thompson .
The school offered a mixed international curriculum from nursery to secondary ( nursery-Year 11 ) . Samui Centre of Learning is the longest-running international school and an examination centre on Koh Samui .
Curriculum
Samui Centre of Learning operated within an international curriculum framework . Children received an hour of Thai language tuition everyday and learn about Thai Culture , Thai Music and Thai Dancing .
Most classes were taught by teaching staff holding either a PGCE , Bachelor of Education or , latterly , TEFL and were predominantly foreign nationals . Where necessary , children received EAL ( English as an additional language ) support from qualified TEFL teachers .
Levels/Classes
Foundation Stage : Foundation Stage 1-2
Primary Key Stage 1 : Year 1-2
Primary Key Stage 2 : Year 3-6
Secondary Key Stage 3 : Year 7-9
Secondary Key Stage 4 : Year 10-11
Secondary Key Stage 5 : Year 12-14
Facilities
Samui Centre of Learning had air-conditioned classrooms , a science lab , a library and an ICT suite . The school building sat alongside the playground and a small playing field .
Notes
External links
School Website
International schools in Thailand
Educational institutions established in 2004
Educational institutions disestablished in 2018
2004 establishments in Thailand
2018 disestablishments in Thailand
Operation Keyhole was a British special operation to recapture Thule Island in the South Sandwich Islands during Operation Corporate in the 1982 Falklands War . The operation took place from 19 to 20 June 1982 .
Background
A base , called Corbeta Uruguay , had been built by Argentina in part to reinforce its territorial claims on British-held territory in the South Atlantic . Ostensibly a meteorological research station , it was also used by Argentine military personnel . The British government became aware of the base in December 1976 Between then and the outbreak of the 1982 war , Britain had sought unsuccessfully to reach a diplomatic solution to the problem .
Operation
After the Argentine surrender on the Falkland Islands on 14 June 1982 , a task force composed of frigate , patrol ship , tanker RFA Olmeda and tug Salvageman sailed to the South Sandwich Islands with instructions to end the Argentine presence there .
Reconnaissance marines from Endurance and 42 Commando Royal Marines were landed on Thule Island covertly to observe Argentine activities . They encountered harsh conditions on the island with an air temperature of minus 20 degrees Celsius and a gale gusting to 60 miles per hour , the chill factor caused an effective drop to minus 52 degrees . Yarmouth demonstrated her intention by firing her gun and several helicopters flew around the base . Under the threat of the Royal Marines party and the ships cruising in front of the base , the Argentinians raised a white flag . Royal Marines who were forced to lower the Union Flag on South Georgia on 3 April , now hoisted the Union Flag on Thule Island . The final surrender of the war was signed in the wardroom of Endurance with all commanders present .
Ten prisoners ( one civilian and nine military personnel ) were evacuated to the tanker Olmeda , accompanied by Yarmouth , and they departed for South Georgia . The Argentine base `` Corbeta Uruguay '' was closed and the buildings sealed to make them weatherproof . The other ships Endurance and MS Salvageman followed and were back at Cumberland East Bay , South Georgia , by 24 June 1982 . No deaths or injuries were sustained on either side .
Aftermath
In March 1983 , a UK spokesman said that on 19 December 1982 , the research vessel , HMS Hecate , had discovered someone had been back to the base , had lowered the British flag , and raised the Argentinian flag in its place . The spokesman said : `` We have n't a clue what went on and God only knows who it was—scrap metal merchants , someone in their cups ( drunk ) or the Argentine military '' . To prevent any attempt by Argentina to return to Thule Island , the base was later demolished , in February 1983 , by crew from HMS Ariadne and the supply ship RFA Tidespring . The flagpole , two weather beacons , and a fully provisioned hut were left intact .
See also
Hope Bay incident
References
External links
Images of the operation and of the destruction of the Corbeta Uruquay base
An Argentine account of events
Keyhole
Falklands War in South Georgia
Keyhole
Battles and conflicts without fatalities
1982 in the Falkland Islands Dependencies
Route nationale 13 ( RN 13 ) is a primary highway in Madagascar of 493 km , running from Ihosy to Tolagnaro ( Fort-Dauphin ) . It crosses the regions of Ihorombe , Androy and Anosy .
It is completely unpaved between Ihosy and Ambovombe , paved but in bad shape between Ambovombe and Tolagnaro .
It was planned to pave the section between Ihosy and Ambovombe from 2009 on with funding by the European Union but this project was stopped due to the political take over of Andry Rajoelina and the 2009 Malagasy political crisis .
Selected locations on route
( north to south )
Ihosy - intersection with Route nationale 7
Betroka
( crossing Mangoky River )
Kalambatritra Reserve at 55 km east
Ianabinda
Beraketa
Antanimora Atsimo
Ambovombe - intersection with Route nationale 10
Amboasary Sud
Mandrare River crossing
Berenty Reserve
Lake Anony
Italy Bay
Ranopiso
Manambaro
Tolagnaro ( Fort-Dauphin ) - continues North as Route nationale 12a
See also
List of Roads in Madagascar
Transport in Madagascar
References
Roads in Anosy
Roads in Androy
Roads in Ihorombe
Roads in Madagascar
This is a list of Turkish television related events from 2013 .
Events
18 February - Mustafa Bozkurt wins the second season of O Ses Türkiye .
Debuts
Television shows
2010s
O Ses Türkiye ( 2011–present )
Ending this year
Births
Deaths
See also
2013 in Turkey
References
Safari de Peaugres is an 80 ha zoo in the Peaugres area of Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes , near Annonay . It is one of the largest tourist attractions in departement of Ardèche . The zoo presents 800 animals from 120 species . Monkey World have rescued a white-faced saki female from here called Chloe in 2016 .
The zoo is a member of the European Association of Zoos and Aquaria ( EAZA ) and the World Association of Zoos and Aquariums ( WAZA ) .
References
External links
Official website
Zoos in France
Buildings and structures in Ardèche
Tourist attractions in Ardèche
Zoos established in 1974
Organizations based in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes
Ashwamedhadatha was the King of Kuru Kingdom who reigned during the Middle Vedic period . He is also grandson of King Janamejaya ( through his son Shatanika ) . He succeeded his grandfather . His grandson King Nicakṣu is the founder of Vatsa branch of Kuru Clan .
Reference
9th-century BC Indian monarchs
Emanuel Günther ( born 13 November 1954 ) is a German former professional footballer who played as a striker . He made 41 goals in 139 matches in the Bundesliga and 98 goals in 189 appearances in the 2 . Bundesliga .
References
External links
1954 births
Living people
People from Worms , Germany
German footballers
Association football forwards
Bundesliga players
2 . Bundesliga players
Wormatia Worms players
Karlsruher SC players
Fortuna Düsseldorf players
1 . FC Pforzheim players
Footballers from Rhineland-Palatinate
N. Vembusamy Sankaran ( 4 January 1954 – 15 January 2018 ) , known popularly as Gnani , was an Indian journalist and writer in Tamil language . He wrote articles under the pseudonyms Vamban , Cynic and Nandan , and is known for frank and uncompromising views on politics and culture , which he has expressed in the media for 30 years . He functioned in multiple roles in newspapers , magazines , plays and films . His son Manush Nandan works as a cinematographer in Tamil cinema .
Early life
Gnani was born to Jayalakshmi and N. Vembusamy on 4 January 1954 in Chengalpattu , a town in India 's erstwhile Madras State ( now Tamil Nadu ) , where he was also schooled . His father worked as a journalist with an English daily . As a student Gnani showed interest in oratory , writing and acting . He was a part of first Rail Passenger 's Association . He graduated from the Madras Christian College .
Career
He started as court reporter for Indian Express , when he reported on embarrassing gaffes for the judiciary . Eventually he fought with Indian Express . Although he was fired , he successfully sued them for breach of labour laws . He soon joined eminent Tamil magazine Ananda Vikatan , becoming a sure investigative journalist .
He soon became editor of his own magazines . He reported on Madras Atomic Power Plant , drawing CBI sleuths who looked for his source .
Gnani was the editor of a Tamil magazine Dheemtharikida , which was first published in printed form and then in electronic form . Now his official website www.gnani.net launched on 2 October 2008 contains `` o pakkangal '' which he is currently writing on Kalki , updated everyweek . It also contains some old dheemtharikida articles and the others he wrote on the year 2010 as well as info about all his areas of activities - theatre , video , print etc .
Death
On 15 January 2018 , Gnani died suddenly at 12.30 am at his home in KK Nagar , Chennai at the age of 64 . It is said that he had been suffering from kidney ailments for a few years and had been undergoing regular dialysis . His sudden demise has shocked journalists , writers and activists in Tamil Nadu . Tributes have been pouring in online from readers and colleagues . His body was donated to Rajiv Gandhi Government General Hospital-Medical College .
Books
Balloon ( Play )
Pazhaya Paper ( collection of his articles )
Marupadiyum ( collection of his articles )
Media UravugaL
Samoogappaalinam : Mediavum Kalviyum
keLvigaL ( Interviews of cult figures between 1982–2003 )
Manithan PathilgaL ( Answers for the readers ' questions in Dinamani Kathir between 1996–1999 )
Kandathai SolgirEn ( Collection of articles published in India Today )
En sankara madaththai kaappaatra vEndum ?
oozhalE un vEr engE ?
Thavippu
aappiL dhEsam ( Travelogue series published in dinamani kathir a Sunday magazine )
Television
Thik thik thik- suntv as serial killer
Vinnilirunthu Mannukku
Picknik
vErgaL-Viduthalai pOraattamum pennurimai iyakkamum
Iyya-periyaar – E.Ve.Raa 's life story
Malara thudikkum mottukkal ( Doordarshan )
Plays
More than 30 plays for the troupe Pareeksha
Kolam - A Mission towards Meaningful cinema
To promote humane values and clean entertainment in the fields of arts and literature , by producing works of art and literature .
Magazines
Columns
He was writing the column `` O Pakkangal '' in the magazine `` Kalki '' ( earlier in Ananda Vikatan & Kumudam ) . It gained great popularity among the Tamil readers . The `` O PakkangaL '' has been released in two books from `` Vikatan Publications '' and is a bestseller .
He was also writing the column `` Neruppu MalargaL '' in AvaL Vikatan ( a Tamil magazine for women ) . The column has been published in book form from Vikatan Publication .
Because of some controversies , he opted out off Anantha Vikatan , was writing articles under the same title in Kumudam for a brief period . Owing to problems ( reasons unknown ) , ' O Pakkangal ' in now a part of Kalki , another popular Tamil Magazine .
Contributions
Gnani contributed his thoughts in the following periodicals and still writing to many periodicals .
Indian Express
Junior Vikatan
Junior Post
Murasoli
Ethiroli
Dinamani
Chutti Vikatan
Aval Vikatan
Ananda Vikatan
Kumudam
Kalki Magazine
See also
List of Indian writers
References
External links
Kolam
1954 births
2018 deaths
Indian male journalists
Tamil journalists
Tamil-language writers
People from Kanchipuram district
Madras Christian College alumni
Great Britain national cerebral palsy football team is the national cerebral football team for Great Britain that represents the team in international competitions , but primarily the Paralympic Games . They compete at the 1984 , 1992 , 2008 and 2012 Summer Paralympics . Their best performance was in 1984 when they won the bronze medal .
Players
There have been a number of players for the British squad .
Coaches
In 2011 and 2012 , the team was coached by Lyndon Lynch .
Results
Great Britain has participated in a number of international tournaments . At the BT Paralympic World Cup in Manchester in May 2012 , Great Britain met Brazil in the finals after defeating Ireland 7–3 in the semi-final . Great Britain finished third at the 2016 Pre-Paralympic Tournament in Salou , Spain after losing to the Netherlands 3 - 2 in the bronze medal game .
Paralympic Games
Great Britain has participated in 7-a-side football at the Paralympic Games .
2016 Summer Paralympics
Great Britain secured qualification for Rio by finishing fifth at the 2015 Cerebral Palsy Football World Championships .
The draw for the tournament was held on May 6 at the 2016 Pre Paralympic Tournament in Salou , Spain . Great Britain was put into Group A with Ukraine , Brazil and Ireland . The tournament where the draw took place featured 7 of the 8 teams participating in Rio . It was the last major preparation event ahead of the Rio Games for all teams participating . Great Britain finished fourth , after losing 2 - 3 to the Netherlands in the 3rd place match .
Going into the Rio Games , England was ranked seventh in the world , while Scotland was ninth , Northern Ireland was thirteenth and Wales was unranked . No Great Britain team was ranked . On 13 June 2016 , the British Paralympic Association announced the selection of the fourteen members of the British 7-a-side squad . The team includes several players from Scotland . These are FT7 classified players Martin Hickman , Jonathan Paterson and David Porcher .
Pool A
Paralympic Results
References
National cerebral palsy football teams
Football 7-a-side teams at the 2012 Summer Paralympics
Football 7-a-side teams at the 2008 Summer Paralympics
Football 7-a-side teams at the 1992 Summer Paralympics
Football 7-a-side teams at the 1984 Summer Paralympics
Great Britain at the Paralympics
Football 7-a-side teams at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
C
The Rwanda women 's national football team represents Rwanda in women 's association football and is controlled by the Rwandese Association Football Federation . It had to date been scheduled to compete in one major tournament , the inaugural Women 's Challenge Cup held in Zanzibar in October 2007 , but the event was ultimately canceled . It has finally debuted in February 2014 against Kenya . The team is nicknamed The She-Amavubi ( Kinyarwanda for The She-Wasps ) .
History
Background
The development of women 's football in Africa faces several challenges , including limited access to education , poverty amongst women in the wider society , and fundamental inequality present in that society that occasionally allows for female-specific human rights abuses . At the same time , if talented women footballers do emerge , many choose to go abroad to maximize playing opportunities . A lack of funding impedes regional development of women 's football as most of the funding for the women 's national team comes from FIFA , not the national football association .
Inside Rwanda , the first women 's football programme was developed in 2000 . `` Kicking for Reconciliation '' was created during the late 2000s , and involved over 100 young players in an attempt at `` bringing healing to a nation that saw the worst genocide since World War II '' through sport . The programme was open to both Tutsis and Hutus . By 2008 , this included a schools and university competition . Women 's football was supported by a single dedicated national federation staffer by 2006 . Women 's sport , including football , received little press coverage in the Rwandan media . A women 's football league was founded in 2008 , and the country is the only one in the region with a viable league , but it still faces challenges related to funding for teams , with most of its funding coming from FIFA . Grace Nyinawumuntu became the first female referee at the senior level in Rwanda in 2004 , and went on to become the first woman to coach a professional team in the country in 2009 . Her professional women 's side went on to win the league championship under her leadership . The lack of high-level football opportunities in Uganda led to some players going from there to Rwanda for opportunities to play in the country 's professional league .
International training related to women is limited in Rwanda . Between 1991 and 2010 , there was no FIFA FUTURO III regional course for women 's coaching , no women 's football seminar held in the country , and no FIFA MA course held for women and youth football . Internationally , in 2007 , a representative from the country attended a FIFA sponsored women 's football symposium in China . Felicite Rwemarika is the head of women 's football in the country . She is credited with developing the sport in the country by founding the Association of Kigali Women in Football amongst other things .
Canceled 2007 participation
The inaugural Council for East and Central Africa Football Associations ( CECAFA ) Women 's Challenge Cup was supposed to be held in Zanzibar in October 2007 , an event Rwanda was planning to send a national team to compete in , but the competition was ultimately canceled . The competition was to be funded by Confederation of African Football . The Council of East and Central Africa Football Associations secretary , Nicholas Musonye said of the event , `` CAF wants to develop women football in this region in recognition of the milestones CECAFA has achieved over the years . CAF appreciates what CECAFA has done despite the hardships the association has gone through , from financial problems to political instability in member states and poor management of associations . Member states in the CECAFA region have not taken women 's football seriously . CAF now wants to sponsor a long-term campaign to attract women from this region into the game . ''
Home stadium
The Rwanda women 's national football team plays their home matches on the Nyamirambo Regional Stadium .
Senior national team
While the Rwanda women 's national under-20 football team existed and played in matches by 2009 for the 2010 FIFA U-20 Women 's World Cup African qualifiers , the senior national team was not competing in matches during the 2010s . There was no senior team competing in the 2010 African Women 's Championships during the preliminary rounds or the 2011 All Africa Games . In March 2012 , the team was not ranked in the world by FIFA and a senior national team still did not exist . However , a senior national team played its first official match on 16 February 2014 .
She-Amavubi debuted on 16 January 2014 , in the 2014 African Women 's Championship first qualification round , against Kenya in the Stade Régional Nyamirambo in Kigali . They won 1–0 from a goal scored by Alice Niyoyita at the 29th minute in the first leg . In the second leg in Kenyatta Stadium , Machakos , Kenya they lost 2–1 with the solitary goal scored by Jeanne Nyirahatashima . Rwanda qualified for the second round by the away goals rule after finishing 2–2 on aggregate and played against Nigeria . Their third official match was disputed on 13 May 2014 against Zambia and ended in a 3–0 loss , making it the third loss of their record . They disputed the 2014 African Women 's Championship second qualification round with Nigeria on 24 May 2014 , losing 4–1 . The goal was scored by Clementine Mukamana at the 53rd minute . In the second leg , again competing against Nigeria on 7 June 2014 , the She-Amavubi lost by a crushing 8–0 defeat , leaving them out of the 2014 African Women 's Championship by a 12–1 aggregate score .
Gloria Nibagwire became the first captain of She-Amavubi .
Rwanda competed at the 2016 CECAFA Women 's Championship , losing both games by a 3–2 scoreline , to Tanzania and Ethiopia .
The Rwandan federation hosted the 2018 CECAFA Women 's Championship . The Nyamirambo Regional Stadium held all 10 of the games in the round robin tournament . Rwanda beat Tanzania ( the eventual champions ) 1–0 but finished last on 4 points from their 4 games .
Rwanda 's women national football – the 'She-Wasps ' eliminated Kenya in the first round of the 2014 African Women 's Championship ( AWC ) .
Results and fixtures
The following is a list of match results in the last 12 months , as well as any future matches that have been scheduled .
Legend
2021
2022
Record per opponent
Key
The following table shows Rwanda ' all-time official international record per opponent :
Coaching staff
Current coaching staff
Manager history
Players
Current squad
This is the provisional Squad named in May 2022 For 2022 CECAFA Women 's Championship . ''
Caps and goals accurate up to and including 30 October 2021 .
Recent call-ups
The following players have been called up to a Rwanda squad in the past 12 months .
INJ Player withdrew from the squad due to an injury .
PRE Preliminary squad .
SUS Player is serving a suspension .
WD Player withdrew for personal reasons .
Previous squads
CECAFA Women 's Championship
2022 CECAFA Women 's Championship squads
Records
Active players in bold , statistics correct as of 2020 .
Most capped players
Top goalscorers
Competitive record
FIFA Women 's World Cup
Olympic Games
Africa Women Cup of Nations
African Games
CECAFA Women 's Championship
See also
Football in Rwanda
Sport in Rwanda
References
External links
Official website
FIFA profile
African women 's national association football teams
The Orakzai Dynasty is a South Asian dynasty , directly descended from the Orakzai tribe . Various branches ruled the princely states of Bhopal , Kurwai , Muhammadgarh and Basoda .
History
The Orakzai Dynasty is divided into two branches , the Mirazi Khel founded by Dost Mohammad Khan and the Firuz Khel founded by Diler Khan .
References
Dynasties of India
An All-American team is an honorary sports team composed of the best amateur players of a specific season for each team position—who in turn are given the honorific `` All-America '' and typically referred to as `` All-American athletes '' , or simply `` All-Americans '' . Although the honorees generally do not compete together as a unit , the term is used in U.S. team sports to refer to players who are selected by members of the national media . Walter Camp selected the first All-America team in the early days of American football in 1889 .
From 1947 to 1980 , the American Baseball Coaches Association was the only All-American selector recognized by the NCAA .
Key
All-Americans
See also
Baseball awards # U.S . college baseball
References
College Baseball All-America Teams
All-America
Ningxia Campaign or Ningxia War may refer to :
Ordos Campaign ( 1592 ) , also known as Ningxia Campaign
War in Ningxia ( 1934 )
Ningxia Campaign ( 1949 )
See also
Mongol conquest of Western Xia , largely fought in Ningxia
George Arnett ( born c. 1928 ) was a Canadian football player who played for the Toronto Argonauts , Hamilton Tiger-Cats , and Ottawa Rough Riders . He won the Grey Cup with Hamilton in 1957 . He previously played football at and attended McMaster University .
References
1920s births
Year of birth uncertain
Possibly living people
Hamilton Tiger-Cats players
McMaster Marauders football players
Ottawa Rough Riders players
Players of Canadian football from Ontario
Sportspeople from Toronto
Toronto Argonauts players
Saturday 's Heroes is a 1937 American drama film directed by Edward Killy from a screenplay by Paul Yawitz , Charles Kaufman , and David Silverstein based on George Templeton 's story . Produced and distributed by RKO Radio Pictures , the film stars Van Heflin , Marian Marsh , Richard Lane , Alan Bruce , and Willie Best .
Plot
Val Webster is the quarterback of Calton College 's football team , but besides dealing with criticism of his play , Val needs money , which he gets by scalping tickets to the games .
A teammate , Ted Calkins , commits suicide after being caught moonlighting at a job , and Val 's ticket scheme is exposed as well , causing university president Hammond to expel him . Disgusted by the hypocrisy in college athletics , where the school reaps hundreds of thousands of dollars while the athletes stay broke , Val teams with sportswriter Red Watson to bring attention to the matter , with girlfriend Frances providing moral support .
Val lands a job coaching for a rival college . When its game against Calton comes up , the outcome convinces Hammond and others that something must be done to change the unjust way student-athletes are rewarded for their play .
Cast
Van Heflin as Val Webster
Marian Marsh as Frances Thomas
Richard Lane as Red I. Watson
Alan Bruce as Burgeson
Minor Watson as Doc Thomas
Frank Jenks as Dubrowsky
Willie Best as Sam
Walter Miller as Coach Banks
Crawford Weaver as Baker
George Irving as President Hammond
John Arledge as Ted Calkins
Dick Hogan as Freshman
Al St. John as Andy Jones
Charles Trowbridge as President Horace C. Mitchell
( cast list as per AFI database )
References
External links
1937 films
1937 drama films
American black-and-white films
American drama films
American football films
Films set in universities and colleges
RKO Pictures films
Films directed by Edward Killy
1930s English-language films
1930s American films
Au Revoir Simone is an American indie pop band from Williamsburg , Brooklyn , New York , formed in 2003 . The group is composed of Erika Forster ( vocals/keyboard ) , Annie Hart ( vocals/keyboard/bass ) and Heather D'Angelo ( vocals/drum machine/keyboard ) .
The band 's name comes from a line Pee-wee Herman says to a minor character ( named Simone ) in Tim Burton 's 1985 film Pee-wee 's Big Adventure . The group 's musical inspirations were compared by the band 's European label , Moshi Moshi Records , to `` a dutifully mined musical thrift store '' ; these diverse influences include Modest Mouse , Stereolab , the Mountain Goats , Louis Prima , Pavement , the Beach Boys , Björk , Broadcast , Belle & Sebastian , David Bowie , Bee Gees and Billie Holiday .
History
Au Revoir Simone formed in late 2003 when Forster ( formerly of Dirty on Purpose ) and Hart met on a train ride home to New York from Vermont and decided to form an all-keyboard band . They were soon joined at practices by D'Angelo and a fourth member , Sung Bin Park ( keyboard/vocals ) . In December 2004 , Park left the band .
Their debut album , Verses of Comfort , Assurance & Salvation , was released on March 23 , 2005 on the band 's own Our Secret Record Company label ; it was subsequently issued in Europe on October 31 by Moshi Moshi Records , and later by the Rallye Label in Japan . Pitchfork reviewer Brian Howe said that the album 's `` synth-pop is always simple , elegant , and ethereal '' . The band described the album as akin to `` exploring a secret garden at night with a flashlight '' .
In summer 2006 , the trio toured the US , Canada and Europe with We Are Scientists . That August , they did a Take-Away Show video session shot by Vincent Moon .
On March 5 , 2007 , they released their second album , The Bird of Music , promoted by a US tour with Peter Bjorn and John and Voxtrot from April through June . British Vogue said of the album , “ Eschewing the typical guitar-heavy band set-up for old-school synthesizers and vintage drum machines , [ Au Revoir Simone ] create dreamy synth-pop . Their soft ethereal vocals laid over spare homemade drumbeats are reminiscent of Air and Stereolab '' . Spin said , `` Powered by vintage keyboards , a lockstep beat-box , and gorgeous , wide-eyed warbling , the Simones create make-out music for your inner android '' .
On May 21 , 2007 , they played a concert at Fondation Cartier in Paris for David Lynch 's retrospective exhibition . The stage they performed on was a recreation of the set from his film Eraserhead . Au Revoir Simone played at both the Treasure Island Music Festival and Monolith Festival in September 2007 . In October 2007 , they contributed a T-shirt design to raise money for Transportation Alternatives .
In March 2008 , the band appeared on eTown , a Boulder , Colorado-based radio program co-hosted by Nick Forster , father of band member Erika Forster .
In November 2008 , vocals by Au Revoir Simone were used in both the original and the Aeroplane remix of Friendly Fires track `` Paris '' .
Their third album , Still Night , Still Light , was produced by Thom Monahan and released on May 19 , 2009 . Pitchfork called it `` feather-light electropop that 's not to be taken lightly '' .
In July 2009 , they performed at that year 's Lovebox Festival in Victoria Park , London . At the end of 2009 , the group embarked on their own headlining tour of Japan .
In 2010 , they created one of the first interactive music videos for their song `` Knight of Wands '' . In true coloring book style , the video allows viewers to become a part of the creative process .
After a long hiatus , Au Revoir Simone reunited to release their fourth album , Move in Spectrums on September 24 , 2013 on Richard Gottehrer 's revived Instant Records label . AllMusic said it was `` maybe their best record yet '' and `` certainly their most sophisticated and most arranged work '' .
On June 23 , 2015 , they released the `` Red Rabbit '' digital single on Instant Records .
Other projects
In early 2015 , Forster formed Summer Moon with Lewis Lazar , Tennessee Thomas ( the Like ) and Nikolai Fraiture ( the Strokes ) .
In 2016 , Forster and Thomas formed Nice as Fuck with Jenny Lewis ( from Rilo Kiley ) , and released their first album on June 24 .
In popular culture
`` Sad Song '' was used in the 2007 German blockbuster movie Rabbit Without Ears and later on the soundtrack of the 2011 movie From Prada to Nada . Also in 2007 , their song `` Stay Golden '' appeared in the French film Anna M .. `` The Lucky One '' and `` Do n't See the Sorrow '' were heard in the 2008 Japanese film Kimi no Tomodachi ( English : Your Friends ) . In 2009 , `` Another Likely Story '' was used on the 100th episode ( `` What a Difference a Day Makes '' ) of Grey 's Anatomy .
`` Stay Golden '' and `` Red Rabbit '' were featured in HBO 's 2012 Marilyn Monroe documentary Love , Marilyn , while `` Crazy '' was used in the 2014 film Vampire Academy and its soundtrack .
Au Revoir Simone was among the bands performing at the Roadhouse in the 2017 revival of David Lynch 's Twin Peaks ; they played `` Lark '' in the fourth episode and `` A Violent Yet Flammable World '' in the ninth , both from their 2007 album The Bird of Music .
In 2021 , the band appeared on Storybound ( podcast ) with author Tamara Winfrey Harris .
Discography
Studio albums
Verses of Comfort , Assurance & Salvation ( 2005 , Our Secret Record Company North America , Moshi Moshi Records Europe , Rallye Label Japan )
The Bird of Music ( 2007 , Our Secret Record Company North America , Moshi Moshi Records Europe , Rallye Label Japan )
Still Night , Still Light ( 2009 , Our Secret Record Company North America )
Move in Spectrums ( 2013 , Instant Records North America , Moshi Moshi Records Europe )
Singles and EPs
`` Hurricanes '' CD single ( 2005 , Rallye Label Japan )
`` Through the Backyards '' 7 '' single ( 2006 , Moshi Moshi Records UK )
`` Fallen Snow '' 7 '' single ( 2007 , Moshi Moshi Records UK )
`` Sad Song '' 7 '' single ( 2007 , Moshi Moshi Records UK )
`` Summer Lines '' 7 '' single ( 2008 , Elefant Records Spain )
`` Shadows '' 7 '' single ( 2009 , Moshi Moshi Records UK )
Tour Remixes CD EP ( 2009 , Rallye Label Japan )
`` Shadows ( The Teenagers Remix ) '' digital single ( 2009 , RCRD LBL )
`` Organized Scenery '' digital single ( 2010 , self-released )
`` Tell Me '' 7 '' single ( 2010 , Keys of Life Finland )
`` Crazy '' 7 '' single ( 2013 , Moshi Moshi Records UK )
`` Somebody Who '' digital single ( 2013 , Moshi Moshi Records France )
`` Red Rabbit '' digital single ( 2015 , Instant Records )
Remix albums
Reverse Migration ( 2008 , Our Secret Record Company North America )
Night Light ( 2010 , Moshi Moshi Records Europe )
Spectrums ( 2014 , Moshi Moshi Records Europe )
Guest appearances
Vocals on `` Star Guitar '' on The One album by Shinichi Osawa ( 2007 , RZN )
Vocals on `` Paris '' ( Aeroplane Remix ) by Friendly Fires ( 2008 , XL Recordings )
`` Paganini Rocks '' 12 '' EP by Robortom Featuring Au Revoir Simone ( 2010 , Sunday Best Recordings )
`` Who Am I Now '' on the Le voyage dans la lune album by Air ( 2012 , EMI )
`` Rise Early Morning '' digital single by Nervo Featuring Au Revoir Simone ( 2014 , Ultra Records )
Les Chansons de l'innocence by French singer Etienne Daho on the almost namesake album Les Chansons de l'innocence retrouvée ( 2014 , Universal Music Group )
References
External links
Official website
Outdoor recording session with They Shoot Music Dont They ( April 2009 )
L.A. Record interview ( June 2009 )
All-female bands
Dream pop musical groups
Electronic music groups from New York ( state )
Indie rock musical groups from New York ( state )
Musical groups from Brooklyn
American women in electronic music
Moshi Moshi Records artists
Hobart 's Funnies is the nickname given to a number of specialist armoured fighting vehicles derived from tanks operated during the Second World War by units of the 79th Armoured Division of the British Army or by specialists from the Royal Engineers .
They were designed in light of problems that more standard tanks experienced during the amphibious Dieppe Raid , so that the new models would be able to overcome the problems of the planned Invasion of Normandy . These tanks played a major part on the Commonwealth beaches during the landings . They were forerunners of the modern combat engineering vehicle and took their nickname from the 79th Division 's commander , Major General Percy Hobart .
The vehicles converted were chiefly Churchill tanks , and American-supplied M4 Sherman tanks .
History
Plans to invade continental Europe were completely revised after the failure of the raid on Dieppe in 1942 . Allied units in Normandy would need to overcome terrain , obstacles and coastal fortifications if the invasion were to succeed . General Sir Alan Brooke , Chief of the Imperial General Staff decided in 1943 to create special units and assigned responsibility to armoured warfare expert Percy Hobart for the development of vehicles and training crews to use them in action .
Many of the ideas had already been tried , tested or were in experimental development both by Britain and other nations . For example , the Scorpion flail tank , a modified Matilda tank , had already been used during the North African campaign to clear paths through German minefields . Soviet T-34 tanks had been modified with mine-rollers . Close-support tanks , bridgelayers , and fascine carriers had been developed elsewhere also . However , the Funnies were the largest and most elaborate collection of engineering vehicles available .
By early 1944 , Hobart could demonstrate to Generals Eisenhower and Montgomery a brigade each of swimming Duplex Drive ( DD ) amphibious tanks , `` Crab '' mine clearers , and AVRE tanks along with a regiment of Churchill Crocodile flame-thrower tanks .
Montgomery considered that the US forces should use them . A third of the `` funnies '' were offered to the Americans of all the vehicles available , but take-up was minimal . Eisenhower was in favour of the DD tanks but left the decision on the others to General Bradley . None of the other designs was used , because it was thought that they required specialised training and an additional support organisation . Also , the Americans were reluctant to make use of funnies based on the Churchill tank as they did not want the logistical complexity of adding another tank model to their inventory .
Bradley requested 25 flail tanks and 100 Churchill Crocodiles shortly after the demonstration in February 1944 and the British War Office agreed to supply them as well as British-crewed AVREs . In the event though there was insufficient time to produce the vehicles and train the crews so on the day American forces were limited to DD tanks and their own Sherman bulldozer tanks and armoured bulldozers while 42 Assault Brigades instead of supporting the US beaches became a reserve for the British and Canadian beaches .
In light of operations during the US landing on Omaha beach , Bradley 's decision has been criticised as it was felt that use of the range of `` Funnies '' would have saved American lives . After D-Day , American forces did make limited use of the Sherman Crab mine-clearing tank .
Designs
The majority of the designs were modified forms of the Churchill tank or the Sherman tank . Both were available in large numbers . The Churchill had good ( though slow ) cross-country performance , heavy armour , and a roomy interior . The Sherman 's mechanical reliability was valued .
Among the many specialist vehicles and their attachments were :
Crocodile : A Churchill tank modified by the fitting of a flame-thrower in place of the hull machine gun . An armoured trailer , towed behind the tank , carried 400 Imperial gallons ( 1,800 litres ) of fuel . The flamethrower had a range of over 120 yards ( 110 metres ) , far greater than man-portable units . Regarded as a powerful psychological weapon , this flame tank proved highly effective at clearing bunkers , trenches and other German fortifications .
AVRE ( Assault Vehicle Royal Engineers ) : A Churchill tank adapted to attack German defensive fortifications . The AVRE 's main gun was replaced by a petard mortar that fired a forty-pound ( 18 kg ) HE-filled projectile ( nicknamed the `` flying dustbin '' ) 150 yards ( 137 m ) ; it was capable of destroying concrete obstacles such as roadblocks and bunkers . The mortar had to be reloaded externally by opening a hatch and sliding a round into the mortar tube from the hull . The crew of six were drawn from the Royal Engineers , except for the driver who came from the Royal Armoured Corps . One of the RE crew was a demolitions NCO sapper responsible for priming the `` flying dustbin '' as well as leading or supervising when they dismounted from the tank ( easily done through the side hatches ) to place demolition charges ( `` Wade '' charges ) . AVREs were also used to carry and operate equipment such as :
Churchill AVRE Bobbin : A reel of wide canvas cloth reinforced with steel poles carried in front of the tank and unrolled onto the ground to form a `` path '' , so that following vehicles ( and the deploying vehicle itself ) would not sink into the soft ground of the beaches during the amphibious landing .
Fascine : A bundle of wooden poles or rough brushwood lashed together with wires carried in front of the tank that could be released to fill a ditch or form a step . Metal pipes in the centre of the fascine allowed water to flow through .
Small Box Girder : An assault bridge that was carried in front of the tank and could be dropped to span a gap in 30 seconds .
Bullshorn Plough : A mine plough intended to excavate the ground in front of the tank , to expose and detonate any land mines .
Churchill Double Onion : Two large demolition charges on a metal frame that could be placed against a concrete wall and detonated from a safe distance . The tank could place demolition charges at heights up to 12 feet . The tank was driven against a wall , the framework was lowered into the ground against the wall . The tank then backed up a 100 feet laying out an electric detonating cable . The explosives were then detonated by the tank driver . It was the successor to the single-charge device Carrot Tank . Also called the Jones Onion Tank . A large Onion frame was called the Goat Tank .
ARK ( Armoured Ramp Carrier ) : was a Churchill tank without a turret that had extendable ramps at each end ; other vehicles could drive up the ramps and over the vehicle to scale obstacles , effectively functioning as a mobile bridge .
Crab : A modified Sherman tank equipped with a mine flail , a rotating cylinder of weighted chains that exploded mines in the path of the tank .
DD tank ( from `` Duplex Drive '' ) : An amphibious M4A1 or M4A4 Sherman fitted with a large watertight canvas housing able to float and reach the shore after being launched from a landing craft up to several miles from the beach . They were intended to give support to the first waves of infantry that attacked the beaches . A Valentine tank version was used for training only .
LVT `` Buffalo '' : British name for the American LVT2 and LVT4 : lightly armoured amphibious landing vehicles . The latter had a ramp to ease loading of cargo . They were used in several operations including the crossing of the Rhine .
Armoured Bulldozer : A conventional Caterpillar D7 bulldozer fitted with armour to protect the driver and the engine . Their job was to clear the invasion beaches of obstacles and to make roads accessible by clearing rubble and filling in bomb craters . Conversions were carried out by Caterpillar importer Jack Olding & Company Ltd of Hatfield .
Centaur Bulldozer : A Centaur tank with the turret removed and fitted with a simple winch-operated bulldozer blade . These were produced because of a need for a well-armoured obstacle-clearing vehicle that , unlike a conventional bulldozer , would be fast enough to keep up with tank formations . They were not used on D-Day but were issued to the 79th Armoured Division in Belgium during the latter part of 1944 .
Canal Defence Light : A powerful carbon-arc searchlight carried on several types of tank inside a modified turret . The name of the device was deliberately inaccurate in order to help keep it secret ; its true purpose was to illuminate enemy positions during a night attack , providing light and dazzling defenders . It was designed to allow light to flood out of a comparatively small slit in the armour , minimising the chance of damage by enemy fire . This was not used on D-Day , but was used during the November 1944 Operation Clipper attack on the Geilenkirchen salient to create indirect artificial daylight . The Americans tested the CDL at the secret Camp Bouse in Bouse , Arizona .
Gallery
Many of the prototypes and their auxiliary equipment were developed by AEC .
Post-Second World War use
The Centaur bulldozer continued to be used by the British Army for some years after the Second World War and saw action during the Korean War , as did the Churchill Crocodile . Also , small numbers of Churchill AVREs and Sherman BARVs were used until the 1960s when they were replaced with similar vehicles based on the Centurion Tank . The Royal Engineers subsequently used modified Centurion and Chieftain tanks that are designed to fulfill the same roles in battle as the Funnies . The last examples of FV4003 Centurion Mk 5 AVRE 165 saw combat in the Gulf War/Operation Granby of 1991 . The most recent vehicles in this line are the Titan and Trojan variants of the Challenger 2 tank .
Other nations developed their own armoured bulldozers after the war , such as the Soviet IMR variant of the T-72 tank , the US army 's Rome plow , and the Israeli Armored CAT D9 . Armoured bulldozers are still in use today for counter-insurgency by the Israel Defense Forces , the Egyptian army , and the Lebanese army .
Surviving vehicles
This is an incomplete list :
Churchill ARK – A Churchill ARK is in South Africa , owned by the School of Engineering , Kroonstad . There is another at the Royal Engineers museum in Chatham .
Churchill AVRE – The collection at The Tank Museum , Bovington includes a working Mark III Churchill AVRE . Another example is located in a hamlet of Graye-sur-Mer in Normandy ; it is unusual in having been buried on D-Day in the shell-hole it fell into , and then being recovered later as a memorial . MkIV AVREs are at the Imperial War Museum Duxford , the South African Armour Museum and the National Museum of Military History , Johannesburg . A MkVII AVRE is a Gate guardian at the Allenby Barracks , at the Bovington army camp , headquarters of the Royal Wessex Yeomanry ; another is at the Royal Engineers museum at Chatham , Medway . Several more AVREs still exist as wrecks on gunnery ranges .
Churchill Crocodile – There is one example , without trailer , on display at the Bayeux Museum of the Battle of Normandy . A complete vehicle with trailer is held at Bovington . Mark VII Crocodiles are owned by the Muckleburgh Collection in Norfolk , the Cobbaton Combat Collection in Devon , the D-Day Story , the Wheatcroft Collection , the Kubinka Tank Museum in Russia and the Museum of the Regiments , Calgary , Alberta . A Mark VIII is at the Royal Australian Armoured Corps Museum . Two ( one in running order ) are privately owned in the UK . One example at Fort Montbarey near Brest France where they were used in September 1944 . Another example is displayed outside The D-Day Story museum in Southsea .
Sherman DD – Five Sherman DDs are in museums ; one is nearly intact , four were sunken wrecks that were salvaged . See the main article for details .
A DD Valentine , restored to running condition , is in private ownership in Wolverhampton , England .
Sherman Crab – Sherman Crabs are displayed at the CFB Borden Military Museum , Ontario , Canada ; The Tank Museum , Bovington , the Yad La-Shiryon museum in Latrun and the Overloon War Museum in the Netherlands . The Sherman serving as a war memorial on the sea dyke at Westkapelle , Netherlands , was a Crab but had its mine flail equipment removed after the war .
Centaur Dozer – One is part of the collection at Bovington . Another is part of a private collection in the UK .
Canal Defence Light – The Tank Museum , Bovington has a Matilda tank fitted with a Canal Defence Light turret . A CDL-equipped M3 Grant is displayed at Cavalry Tank Museum , Ahmednagar in India .
Buffalo aka Amtrac LVT4 – The Tank Museum , Bovington has an example .
See also
Allied technological cooperation during World War II
BARV a Beach Armoured Recovery Vehicle developed at the same time as Hobart 's Funnies by the Royal Electrical and Mechanical Engineers .
Comparison of early World War II tanks
History of the tank
MD1 ( military R & D organisation )
Rhino tank a tank fitted with prongs to breach obstacles ( such as hedgerows )
Tanks in World War I
Tanks in World War II
References
Further reading
External links
Bradley 's biography with explanation of refusal of `` funnies ''
Royal Engineers Museum Royal Engineers and Operation Overlord
Royal Engineers Museum Biography of Major General Sir Percy Hobart
Royal Engineers Museum Royal Engineers and Second World War
Military engineering vehicles of the United Kingdom
Operation Neptune
World War II tanks of the United Kingdom
Weapons countermeasures
History of the tank
Alexandra Coletti ( born 8 August 1983 in La Colle , Monaco ) is a Monégasque alpine skier who competed for Monaco in the 2006 Winter Olympics . She also received the silver medal in downhill skiing at the 2005 European Cup . She later competed for Monaco at the 2010 Winter Olympics , and was Monaco 's flag bearer during the Opening Ceremony . Her brother Stefano Coletti is a racing driver currently racing in the IndyCar Series .
References
External links
1983 births
Living people
Monegasque female alpine skiers
People from Monte Carlo
Monegasque people of Italian descent
Olympic alpine skiers of Monaco
Alpine skiers at the 2006 Winter Olympics
Alpine skiers at the 2010 Winter Olympics
Alpine skiers at the 2014 Winter Olympics
Alpine skiers at the 2018 Winter Olympics
The Climate Law and Governance Initiative is an international consortium of partners in the climate law community working to build capacity and knowledge relating to law and governance approaches to address climate change . Ongoing research projects carried out by its partner institutions support the hosting of events and specialized capacity-building workshops in parallel with the annual climate negotiations under the UNFCCC . The initiative 's focus is the effective implementation of SDG 13 on Climate Change . Its events are officially endorsed by the UNFCCC .
Events
Founded in 2014 and launched in the lead-up to the COP21 negotiations in Paris , CLGI has roots in a range of events , conferences and workshops dating back to the first meeting of the Kyoto Protocol ( COP11/CMP1 ) in Montreal , 2005 . Events over the preceding decade laid the groundwork for the Initiative .
Climate Law and Governance Day 2015
The Inaugural Climate Law and Governance Day ( CLGD ) was held in December 2015 at Université Paris 1 Panthéon-Sorbonne , bringing together climate advocates , scholars and practitioners to discuss the roles that law and governance play in climate-change efforts . Key participants were John H. Knox , Mary Robinson , Bianca Jagger and Bradnee Chambers , with Marie-Claire Cordonier Segger as chair . Its goal was to create a community of practice to support global climate efforts .
Climate Law and Governance Day 2016
The second CLGD was held at Université Privée de Marrakech in November 2016 , and explored the development of the Paris Rulebook ( later named the Paris Agreement Work Program , and agreed at COP24 ) . Discussions focused on how domestic climate instruments could be crafted , modalities to mobilize climate finance , equity issues , and trends in climate litigation . Its outcomes were shared with delegates to COP22 in an official side event focused on climate-vulnerable countries . COP22 also saw the first full-day climate law specialization course to further empower delegates to utilize law and governance solutions to combat climate change .
Climate Law and Governance Day 2017
Held at University of Bonn , the third CLGD was opened by Hon Aiyaz Sayed-Khaiyum and centered on advancing law and governance contributions to global climate action . Key themes were how innovation could support the achievement of Nationally Determined Contributions ( NDCs ) under the Paris Agreement ; the implementation of climate obligations ; advancing climate resilience ; and enabling climate finance . Its sessions were informed by a pre-COP event in Fiji in preparation for COP23 . CLGI was an officially endorsed event of the COP23 Presidency . The second one-day specialization course was held in conjunction with United Nations University .
Climate Law and Governance Day 2018
CLGD 2018 was held during COP24 at the University Silesia , Katowice , Poland in December 2018 . Discussions centered on the sharing of national experiences and best practices , knowledge exchange , and building a community of practice to support global capacity-building efforts . The day 's programs were developed through a round table at the preceding intersessional meeting . Key participants included Christian Voigt , and Kamil Wyszkowski , President of The Global Compact Network for Poland .
Partners
Core partners
Lauterpacht Centre for International Law
Global Open Data for Agriculture and Nutrition
Centre for International Governance Innovation
Centre for International Sustainable Development Law
Intergovernmental organizations
International Union for Conservation of Nature World Commission on Environmental Law ( WCEL )
United Nations Environment Programme Division of Environmental Law and Conventions ( DELC )
International Development Law Organization
Center for International Forestry Research
World Bank Division on Law , Justice and Development
European Bank for Reconstruction and Development
United Nations Development Programme
Academic institutions
University of the South Pacific
Universidade Eduardo Mondlane
United Nations University
University of Bonn
Université Paris 1 Panthéon-Sorbonne
Cambridge University
Columbia Law School
Université Cadi Ayyad ( UCA )
Université Privée de Marrakech
Yale University
University of Chile
Université de Kinshasa
University of Toronto
Université Hassan 1er de Settat
Ateneo de Manila University
Law firms and associations
International Law Association
International Bar Association
Baker McKenzie
References
Climate change policy
International climate change organizations
Edward Clinton McFetridge ( April 15 , 1836February 17 , 1914 ) was an American lawyer , businessman , and Republican politician . He was the 9th State Treasurer of Wisconsin ( 1882–1887 ) and served 4 years in the Wisconsin Legislature , representing Dodge County .
Biography
Born in Rochester , New York , he was admitted to the New York bar . He moved to Beaver Dam , Wisconsin in 1858 , where he practiced law and opened a woolen mill . He served as mayor of Beaver Dam , as county treasurer of Dodge County , Wisconsin , and he also sat on the Dodge County Board of Supervisors . He was a presidential elector in 1872 . He served in the Wisconsin State Assembly from 1878 to 1881 and in the Wisconsin State Senate from 1879 until 1880 . He also served as the Wisconsin state treasurer from 1882 until 1887 . McFetridge died at his home in Beaver Dam , Wisconsin in 1914 .
References
1836 births
1914 deaths
Politicians from Rochester , New York
Politicians from Beaver Dam , Wisconsin
County supervisors in Wisconsin
Mayors of places in Wisconsin
State treasurers of Wisconsin
Wisconsin state senators
Members of the Wisconsin State Assembly
Businesspeople from Wisconsin
New York ( state ) lawyers
Wisconsin lawyers
19th-century American politicians
Lawyers from Rochester , New York
Businesspeople from Rochester , New York
19th-century American businesspeople
19th-century American lawyers
Wayne Brent Meredith ( born October 4 , 1939 ) is an American former ice hockey defenseman and Olympian .
Meredith played with Team USA at the 1964 Winter Olympics held in Innsbruck , Austria . He played for the University of Minnesota and for the St. Paul Saints of the International Hockey League .
References
External links
1939 births
Living people
Ice hockey players from Indiana
Ice hockey players at the 1964 Winter Olympics
Olympic ice hockey players of the United States
Sportspeople from South Bend , Indiana
American men 's ice hockey defensemen
Minnesota Golden Gophers men 's ice hockey players
This is the discography of South Korean boy band , Super Junior , produced and managed by SM Entertainment . Super Junior has formed five sub-groups , which target different markets . Super Junior-T , for example , brought influence to the younger generation on trot-styled music , and Super Junior-M is credited as an influential group in the Chinese music industry .
The group has released twelve studio albums , two compilation albums , two extended plays , six live albums , and two single albums . The group also contributed in a total seven soundtracks and sixteen video albums . The releases below are music records officially released by Super Junior , although the group has also unofficially-released productions , such as opening themes for radio shows and television shows .
Their fourth album Bonamana is listed as the best-selling album of 2010 with 200,193 copies sold , and the repackaged version at ninth at 99,355 copies . On April 12 , 2012 , Gaon Chart announced that , up till the end of March 2012 , their fifth studio album , Mr . Simple has sold a cumulative total of 548,164 copies in South Korea , the first to exceed half a million in four years in South Korea , hence making it the highest-selling album of their career .
Albums
Studio albums
Compilation albums
Single albums
Live albums
Video albums
Extended plays
Singles
Collaborations
Soundtrack
Other charted songs
Other appearances
Music videos
See also
List of songs recorded by Super Junior
Solo
Yesung discography
Kim Ryeowook discography
Cho Kyu-hyun discography
Subgroups
Super Junior-K.R.Y. # Discography
Super Junior-T # Discography
Super Junior-M # Discography
Super Junior-H # Discography
Super Junior-D & E discography
Notes
References
Super Junior
Discographies of South Korean artists
Pop music group discographies
Valeria Gazzola ( born c. 1977 ) is an Italian neuroscientist , associate professor at the Faculty of Social and Behavioral Sciences at the University of Amsterdam ( UvA ) and member of the Young Academy of Europe . She is also a tenured department head at the Netherlands Institute for Neuroscience ( NIN ) in Amsterdam , where she leads her own research group and the Social Brain Lab together with neuroscientist Christian Keysers . She is a specialist in the neural basis of empathy and embodied cognition : Her research focusses on how the brain makes individuals sensitive to the actions and emotions of others and how this affects decision-making .
Early life and education
Gazzola completed her Bachelor of Science at the University of Parma in Italy . Interested in science , she started studying physics , but realized after one year that she was even more interested in biology . She continued at the University of Parma for her Master of Science degree in 2003 . Her experimental thesis in the Rizzolatti Laboratory under the supervision of Vittorio Gallese entitled “ The role of the somatosensory cortices during the observation of the tactile stimulation of others ” contributed to a publication in Neuron .
Career and research
In early work , financed through a VENI grant from the Dutch Research Council ( NWO ) , Gazzola established for the first time that somatosensory cortices , known to process tactile and proprioceptive information in the self , also play a necessary role in processing the actions and sensations of others . Using neuroimaging , she established that somatosensory regions are activated while witnessing the actions and sensations of others . She then used neuromodulatory tools to establish that these somatosensory cortices are necessary for the perception of the actions and pain of others . She then looked at incarcerated psychopathic criminals to show that people with increased antisocial behavior showed reduced activations in these regions while witnessing the pain of others , but could show that if asked to empathize , their activity normalizes , leading her to propose a mechanism that explains how the ability to empathize differs from the propensity to do so .
In later work , financed by an Innovational Research Incentives Scheme ( VIDI ) grant from the Dutch Research Council , Gazzola addressed how these systems influence behavior . She used electroencephalography ( EEG ) to show that activity in somatosensory cortices can predict how much a person will do to help others , and used transcranial direct current stimulation ( tDCS ) and transcranial magnetic stimulation ( TMS ) , to show that altering that activity alters how much they do for others . She then also developed an animal model of helping , and showed that cingulate activity , involved in an animal 's own pain as well as activated by the pain of others , is necessary for the animal 's sensitivity to the pain of others and influences the animals willingness to help others . In parallel , she also brought our understanding of how we perceive the actions of others to a new level by combining functional magnetic resonance imaging ( fMRI ) , TMS and cerebellar patients to show how somatosensory , premotor and cerebellar regions work together to transform the kinematics of observed actions into a perception of effort .
In her current work , financed by a European Research Council ( ERC ) grant , Gazzola investigates the question of whether and how , the insula and cingulate contribute to our decisions to help others if doing so is costly . For this project , she co-founded the Centre for Ultrasound Brain imaging ( CUBE ) together with groups from the Erasmus Medical Center and Delft University of Technology funded by the Dutch Research Council .
Publications
Her most cited articles are :
Keysers C , Wicker B , Gazzola V , Anton JL , Fogassi L , Gallese V. A touching sight : SII/PV activation during the observation and experience of touch . Neuron . 2004 Apr 22 ; 42 ( 2 ) :335-46 ( Cited 1141 times , according to Google Scholar
Gazzola V , Aziz-Zadeh L , Keysers C. Empathy and the somatotopic auditory mirror system in humans . Current biology . 2006 Sep 19 ; 16 ( 18 ) :1824-9 . ( Cited 1142 times , according to Google Scholar . )
Keysers C , Kaas JH , Gazzola V. Somatosensation in social perception . Nature Reviews Neuroscience . 2010 Jun ; 11 ( 6 ) :417-28 . ( Cited 844 times , according to Google Scholar )
Gazzola V , Rizzolatti G , Wicker B , Keysers C. The anthropomorphic brain : the mirror neuron system responds to human and robotic actions . Neuroimage . 2007 May 1 ; 35 ( 4 ) :1674-84 . ( Cited 804 times , according to Google Scholar . )
Keysers C , Gazzola V. Integrating simulation and theory of mind : from self to social cognition . Trends in cognitive sciences . 2007 May 1 ; 11 ( 5 ) :194-6 ( Cited 609 times , according to Google Scholar . )
Keysers C , Gazzola V. Towards a unifying neural theory of social cognition . Progress in brain research . 2006 Jan 1 ; 156:379-401 . ( Cited 511 times , according to Google Scholar . )
Honors
Member of the Young Academy of Europe ( 2016 )
References
University of Amsterdam faculty
University of Parma alumni
Women neuroscientists
Italian women neuroscientists
Italian neuroscientists
Living people
1977 births
Die Glocke Sozialistische Wochenschrift was a political magazine established in 1915 by the maverick socialist Alexander Parvus to argue that socialists should support the German war effort . It attracted Marxist theoreticians who had previously been regarded as left-wing . It was published until 1925 .
Die Glocke was originally published in Munich by the München Verlag Für Sozialwissenschaften . It was subsequently published in Berlin . The initial editor was Konrad Haenisch with Paul Lensch , Wilhelm Jansson and August Winnig on the permanent editorial team .
Max Beer 's editorship
Parvus invited Max Beer to become editor-in-chief in 1919 , a position he held until February 1921 . Beer attempted to change its content , dropping support for the Majority Social Democratic Party of Germany . The magazine included reviews of National Socialist pamphlets , which Beer excused on the grounds that the Party was not `` prominently '' antisemitic during that period . Beer experienced increasing tension with Parvus which came to a head after he published an article by Maxim Gorky and an article he had written himself about the ethics of Bolshevism . Beer resigned in February 1921 .
References
1915 establishments in Germany
1925 disestablishments in Germany
Defunct political magazines published in Germany
German-language magazines
Magazines established in 1915
Magazines disestablished in 1925
Magazines published in Berlin
Magazines published in Munich
Socialist magazines
Dora del Hoyo Alonso , ( 11 January 1914 - 10 January 2004 ; born Salvadora Honorata del Hoyo Alonso in Leon , Spain ) was one of the first women members of Opus Dei . A domestic worker by profession , del Hoyo was the first to join the Prelature of Opus Dei as an assistant numerary meaning that she dedicated herself professionally to caring for people and looking after the material needs of Opus Dei centers . From 1946 until her death , she lived in Rome , Italy where she collaborated first with Josemaría Escrivá de Balaguer , Opus Dei 's founder , and later on with his successors Álvaro del Portillo and Bishop Javier Echevarría , in the domestic management of the first Opus Dei center there , later the movement 's headquarters . Her process of canonization was opened in Rome on June 18 , 2012 by Echevarría , at the request of many who knew and worked with her . Her mortal remains lie close to the tomb of Escriva , in the crypt of Our Lady of Peace Church in Rome .
Biography
Dora del Hoyo was born on January 11 , 1914 , in the village of Boca de Huérgano in Leon , Spain , the fifth of six children . Her father , Demetrio del Hoyo , was a farm-laborer and her mother , Carmen Alonso , a home-maker . To support her family , at an early age del Hoyo began working as a housekeeper for the village doctor . In 1935 , del Hoyo decided to look for better housework opportunities in Astorga , León , but the onset of the Spanish Civil War ( 1936-1939 ) caused her to have to return to her hometown .
In 1940 , del Hoyo moved to Madrid , once again in search of better opportunities . Through the help of the Daughters of Mary Immaculate for Domestic Service ( a religious congregation founded by Vincentia Maria López y Vicuña and dedicated to helping young girls find employment in household work ) , del Hoyo got hired as a housemaid for the Marquess of Almunia , and later on for the Dukes of Nájera .
In 1944 , del Hoyo was still working for the Duke when she came in contact with Opus Dei . Josemaria Escriva , founder of the then-new Opus Dei movement , had turned to the Daughters for Domestic Service for help in hiring household employees for a student dormitory he was opening called the Moncloa Residence . The Mother Superior of the Domestic Service Daughters recommended del Hoyo , who happened to have some days off at the time . In spite of the low pay offered and her little desire to go , at the nun 's insistence del Hoyo agreed to help out the residence for a few days .
Later on , del Hoyo decided to give up the job at the Dukes of Nájera to devote herself full-time to the Moncloa , even though the pay there was lower and the working conditions significantly worse . Later on when asked why she did this , del Hoyo said that she was moved `` to see how hard they worked '' and that she was also impressed by Escriva and his teaching . Commenting on Escriva 's The Way , del Hoyo recalled , `` I was very enthused by [ it ] ... With each thing that I heard , I thought , 'This is for me . ' I liked it a lot and I read it all in one sitting - I could n't go to bed without finishing it . ''
On 14 March 1946 , del Hoyo joined Opus Dei as an assistant numerary , meaning that , in addition to committing to live according to Opus Dei 's spirit and `` plan of life '' , she had decided to dedicate herself professionally to caring for the household needs of Opus Dei centers - cleaning , laundry , meals , and other aspects of care of the home - and thus contribute with her work of domestic service to Opus Dei 's mission of spreading the universal call to holiness in ordinary life . Since an important consequence of Escriva 's message of sanctifying any honest work looks in a special way to the care of the home , something which Escriva valued for its intrinsic relation to the family and education of children , del Hoyo 's decision to devote herself entirely to this endeavor is seen as a historical moment for Opus Dei .
In December 1946 , del Hoyo moved to Rome at Escriva 's request to take charge of the domestic management of the first Opus Dei center there , a center which would later be Opus Dei 's central headquarters . From Rome , her place of residence until her death in 2004 , del Hoyo played a central role in the teaching and training of women from all over the world in the tasks that encompass the work of the home . Escriva spoke of this training in a famous interview , when asked about women who devote themselves to housework :
`` The main aim of this ( training ) is to dignify the work of domestic staff in such a way that they can do their work with a scientific approach . I say 'with a scientific approach ' because housework should be carried out as a true profession . We must not forget that there are people who have wanted to present this work as something humiliating , but it is not . No doubt , the conditions under which this work used to be done were humiliating and sometimes they still are , even today , when domestic staff are subjected in their work to the whim of an arbitrary employer who does not guarantee their rights , and who gives them low wages and no affection ... Any job that is well done is a wonderful service to society , and this is as true of domestic work as it is of the work of a professor or judge . The only work that is not a service is that of a person who works for his own self-interest ... I understand that work in the home is especially important because through it so much good or harm can be done to families . ''
Del Hoyo died in Rome on 10 January 2004 , after battling illness for several years . The cause for her canonization opened 8 years later , on 18 June 2012 in Rome . On March 29 , 2014 , a conmemorative ceremony took place in del Hoyo 's hometown of Boca de Huergano to honor the centennial of her birth .
According to Javier Echeverría , the Prelate of Opus Dei , “ On January 10 , 2004 , in the homily of her funeral mass , I stated that 'Dora has great importance for Opus Dei . ' I was convinced then and with the passing of time becoming even more convinced of the important role that this woman has played and will play in the life of the Church and in society . ''
Process of canonization
On June 18 , 2012 , Echevarría presided at the opening of the canonical process on the life and virtues of Dora del Hoyo . Jose Luis Gutierrez was named the postulator of del Hoyo 's Cause of Canonization . According to Gutierrez , `` Presenting this kind of work as a path of holiness recognised by the Church will encourage the many faithful Christians who are enmeshed in the thousand circumstances of ordinary life and it is also a valuable contribution to the good of society . ''
According to Echevarría , “ Dora was very important for Opus Dei , because of her faithfulness and her work well done , always with the humble desire to pass unnoticed , to ‘ do and disappear . ' She took the Blessed Virgin Mary as her teacher , as Saint Josemaría had encouraged her , and because of this she was effective to the very end of her life . She wanted no glory or recognition , and she gave one hundred percent throughout her entire life . ''
References
John L. Allen , Opus Dei : An Objective Look Behind the Myths and Reality of the Most Controversial Force in the Catholic Church ( Doubleday : 2005 )
Javier Medina Bayo , Dora del Hoyo : A Lighted Lamp ( Scepter : 2014 ) Translation of Una Luz Encendida ( Ed . Palabra , Madrid 2011 ) .
M.T.Oates , Linda Ruf , and Jenny Driver , MD . Women of Opus Dei : In Their Own Words ( The Crossroad Publishing Company : 2009 ) p. 25-29
External links
Dora del Hoyo Official Website
}
1914 births
2004 deaths
Opus Dei members
Spanish Servants of God
21st-century venerated Christians
The Theocrat is the 1990 novel by the Moroccan author and former minister of culture Bensalem Himmich . It was published by Dar Al-Shorouk publishing , and it was considered one of the most influential Arabic novels due to its centering old Arab history . In his novel , Himmich revives the character of al-Hakim bi-Amr Illah ( `` the ruler by order of God '' ) , the Fatimid caliph who ruled Egypt during the tenth century . The Arab Writers Union considered is among the most important 105 novels of the 20th century . Additionally , it also enjoys a high status among historical Arabic fiction , for the novel takes inspiration from facts , events , and historical personalities .
The Translation
“ The Theocrat ” was translated into English by the Comparative and Arabic Literature professor at Pennsylvania University , Roger Allen , after taking a liking to it and recognizing its value . He said , “ it is a novel revealing the highest level of culture , and his narrative style aligns with the techniques of writing. ” He was particularly interested in the author 's ability to connect past and present , which prompted him to translate the novel into English . He clarified that this new edition also connects past and present , with some mild differences that do not affect its core . He also mentioned that this is one of the Arabic novels raising awareness regarding the importance of dismantling fascism .
Criticsim
The novel was critiqued by the judging panel given the “ Naqid ” or “ Critique ” Award . The panel mentioned the author 's attempt at processing and critiquing the present based on the judgment of al-Hakim bi-Amr Illah , not abiding by the traditional majority of historical novels ; therefore , limiting fictional tension between fictional imagery and storylines . This infused the novel with historic-ness , for he made the subject , style , and structure a complete artistic work . One of its perks is its ability to benefit from oral storytelling , which is linguistically , historically , psychologically , and socially rich .
References
Arabic literature
Moroccan writers
1990 novels
The 1991 Saskatchewan general election was held on October 21 , 1991 , to elect members of the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan .
The Progressive Conservative government of Premier Grant Devine was defeated by the New Democratic Party , led by former provincial Attorney General Roy Romanow . A major source of dissatisfaction with the Grant Devine government was the `` Fair Share Saskatchewan '' program , a scheme to distribute public service jobs more evenly across the province ; a plan especially unpopular with workers scheduled to be relocated from Regina to rural districts . The Devine government was also notorious for a home construction and renovation relief program which reimbursed homeowners who did their own renovations . Another factor was the unpopularity of the federal Progressive Conservatives under then Prime Minister Brian Mulroney .
The NDP was able to win more than half of the popular vote , and an overwhelming majority in the legislature . The Tories lost almost three-quarters of the seats they had held in the legislature , and a significant share of the popular vote . Their loss in vote percentage resulted in 30 third-place finishes ; this was more than their 26 second-place finishes or their ten seats won .
The Liberal Party – led by Lynda Haverstock – was able to attract a substantial share of disaffected Tory voters . However , despite winning almost one-quarter of the vote , their support was too spread out across the province to translate into seats . Haverstock was the only Liberal returned to the legislature .
Results
|- bgcolor=CCCCCC
! rowspan=2 colspan=2 align=center|Party
! rowspan=2 align=center|Party leader
! rowspan=2|Candidates
! colspan=4 align=center|Seats
! colspan=3 align=center|Popular vote
|- bgcolor= '' CCCCCC ''
|align= '' center '' |1986
|align= '' center '' |Dissol .
|align= '' center '' |Elected
|align= '' center '' | % Change
|align= '' center '' | #
|align= '' center '' | %
|align= '' center '' | % Change
|align= '' center '' |Roy Romanow
|align= '' right '' | 66
|align= '' right '' |25
|align= '' right '' |26
|align= '' right '' | 55
|align= '' right '' |+112 %
|align= '' right '' |275,780
|align= '' right '' |51.05 %
|align= '' right '' |+5.85 %
|align= '' center '' |Grant Devine
|align= '' right '' | 66
|align= '' right '' |38
|align= '' right '' |38
|align= '' right '' | 10
|align= '' right '' |-73.7 %
|align= '' right '' |137,994
|align= '' right '' |25.54 %
|align= '' right '' |-19.07 %
|align= '' center '' |Lynda Haverstock
|align= '' right '' | 66
|align= '' right '' |1
|align= '' right '' |0
|align= '' right '' | 1
|align= '' right '' |–
|align= '' right '' |125,814
|align= '' right '' |23.29 %
|align= '' right '' |+13.30 %
| colspan=2 align=left|Independent
|align= '' right '' | 8
|align= '' right '' |–
|align= '' right '' |–
|align= '' right '' | –
|align= '' right '' |–
|align= '' right '' |592
|align= '' right '' |0.11 %
|align= '' right '' |+0.04 %
|align=left|Independence ( Western Canada Concept )
|align= '' center '' |Hilton J. Spencer ( default )
|align= '' right '' | 1
|align= '' right '' |–
|align= '' right '' |–
|align= '' right '' | –
|align= '' right '' |–
|align= '' right '' |46
|align= '' right '' |0.01 %
|align= '' right '' |-0.07 %
|-
|colspan=3| Total
|align= '' right '' | 207
|align= '' right '' |64
|align= '' right '' |64
|align= '' right '' | 66
|align= '' right '' |+3.1 %
|align= '' right '' |540,226
|align= '' right '' |100 %
|align= '' right '' |
|-
| align= '' center '' colspan=11|Source : Elections Saskatchewan
|-
Percentages
Ranking
Riding results
Names in bold represent cabinet ministers and the Speaker . Party leaders are italicized . The symbol `` * * `` represents MLAs who are not running again .
Northwest Saskatchewan
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Athabasca
||
|Fred Thompson 3,253
|
|Frank Petit 331
|
|Darren McKee 184
|
|Mike Daley ( Ind . ) 114
||
|Fred Thompson
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Cut Knife-Lloydminster
||
|Violet Stanger 3,843
|
|Michael Hopfner 2,899
|
|Aldo Del Frari 1,333
|
|
||
|Michael Hopfner
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Meadow Lake
||
|Maynard Sonntag 3,719
|
|George McLeod 3,065
|
|Burton Dougan 467
|
|
||
|George McLeod
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Redberry
||
|Walter Jess 3,493
|
|John Gerich 3,206
|
|Ken Finlayson 1,185
|
|
||
|John Gerich
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Rosthern
|
|Kim Dmytryshyn 2,897
||
|William Neudorf 4,183
|
|Phil Biggs 1,825
|
|
||
|William Neudorf
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|The Battlefords
||
|Doug Anguish 5,805
|
|Jim Hampson 1,683
|
|Donna Challis 2,417
|
|
||
|Doug Anguish
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Turtleford
||
|Lloyd Johnson 3,269
|
|Jerry Spenst 2,034
|
|Neil Currie 1,239
|
|
||
|Colin Maxwell * *
|-
Northeast Saskatchewan
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Cumberland
||
|Keith Goulet 4,135
|
|Louis Bear 482
|
|Lennard Morin 505
|
|
||
|Keith Goulet
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Kelsey-Tisdale
||
|Andy Renaud 3,871
|
|Neal Hardy 2,783
|
|Walt Roberts 853
|
|
||
|Neal Hardy
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Kinistino
||
|Armand Roy 4,298
|
|Josef Saxinger 2,918
|
|Frank Orosz 1,326
|
|
||
|Josef Saxinger
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Melfort
||
|Carol Carson 3,011
|
|Ken Naber 2,516
|
|Rod Gantefoer 1,795
|
|
||
|Grant Hodgins
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Nipawin
||
|Tom Keeping 3,238
|
|Jim Taylor 2,784
|
|Richard Makowsky 1,134
|
|
||
|Lloyd Sauder * *
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Prince Albert Carlton
||
|Myron Kowalsky 5,218
|
|Bert Provost 1,635
|
|Richard Stewart 1,888
|
|
||
|Myron KowalskyPrince Albert
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Prince Albert Northcote
||
|Eldon Lautermilch 5,405
|
|Terry Wiebe 990
|
|Hannah Shenouda 1,549
|
|
||
|Eldon LautermilchPrince Albert-Duck Lake
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Shellbrook-Torch River
||
|Jack Langford 4,098
|
|Lloyd Muller 2,358
|
|Walter Billay 1,177
|
|
||
|Lloyd Muller
|-
West Central Saskatchewan
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Arm River
|
|Bob Robertson 2,538
||
|Gerald Muirhead 3,019
|
|David Ashdown 2,301
|
|Hilton J. Spencer ( Ind.-WCC ) 46
||
|Gerald Muirhead
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Biggar
||
|Grant Whitmore 3,710
|
|Harry Baker 2,307
|
|Larry Toner 1,708
|
|Donald W. Kavanagh ( Ind . ) 65
||
|Harry Baker
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Humboldt
||
|Eric Upshall 4,422
|
|Dale Blair 49
|
|Arlene Julé 2,686
|
|
||
|Eric Upshall
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Kindersley
|
|Lorne Johnston 2,014
||
|Bill Boyd 2,766
|
|Judy Setrakov 2,244
|
|
||
|Bob Andrew * *
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Rosetown-Elrose
||
|Berny Wiens 2,666
|
|Ansgar Tynning 2,581
|
|Linda Trytten 1,583
|
|
||
|Herb Swan * *
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Wilkie
|
|Sharon Murrell 2,295
||
|John Britton 2,601
|
|Nick Volk 1,853
|
|
||
|John Britton
|-
East Central Saskatchewan
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Canora
||
|Darrel Cunningham 3,564
|
|Lorne Kopelchuk 2,746
|
|Roy Petrowicz 831
|
|
||
|Lorne Kopelchuk
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Kelvington-Wadena
||
|Kenneth Kluz 3,956
|
|Sherwin Petersen 2,594
|
|Bill Kerluke 730
|
|
||
|Sherwin Petersen
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Last Mountain-Touchwood
||
|Dale Flavel 4,028
|
|Arnold Tusa 2,523
|
|Ed Bespalko 1,691
|
|Paul Chesterton ( Ind . ) 47
||
|Arnold Tusa
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Melville
||
|Evan Carlson 3,656
|
|Grant Schmidt 3,048
|
|Ray Chastkavich 1,262
|
|
||
|Grant Schmidt
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Pelly
||
|Ron Harper 3,992
|
|Bernard Rink 2,055
|
|Louis Sliwa 652
|
|
||
|Rod Gardner * *
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Quill Lakes
||
|Murray Koskie 3,621
|
|Glen Leggott 2,357
|
|Lou Coderre 1,297
|
|
||
|Murray Koskie
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Saltcoats
||
|Reg Knezacek 3,745
|
|Rod Roden 2,356
|
|Leslie Popp 1,033
|
|
||
|Walter Johnson * *
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Yorkton
||
|Clay Serby 4,897
|
|Brian Fromm 1,846
|
|Donna Yaholnitsky 1,560
|
|
||
|Lorne McLaren * *
|-
Southwest Saskatchewan
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Assiniboia-Gravelbourg
||
|Lewis Draper 2,647
|
|John Wolfe 2,583
|
|Tim Connors 2,148
|
|
||
|John Wolfe
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Maple Creek
|
|Bryan Oster 1,987
||
|Jack Goohsen 2,627
|
|Shirley Helmerson 1,865
|
|
||
|Jack Goohsen
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Moose Jaw Palliser
||
|Glenn Hagel 5,681
|
|Colleen Basarsky 1,920
|
|Michael Klein 2,120
|
|
||
|Glenn HagelMoose Jaw North
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Moose Jaw Wakamow
||
|Lorne Calvert 6,083
|
|Lisa Acton 1,164
|
|Randy Roman 1,799
|
|
||
|Lorne CalvertMoose Jaw South
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Morse
|
|Carl Siemens 2,101
||
|Harold Martens 2,682
|
|Ken Nelson 1,255
|
|
||
|Harold Martens
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Shaunavon
||
|Glen McPherson 2,350
|
|Ted Gleim 2,222
|
|Jerry Ruehs 1,733
|
|
||
|Ted Gleim
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Swift Current
||
|John Penner 4,399
|
|Lawrence Bergreen 2,731
|
|Archie Green 1,503
|
|
||
|Pat Smith * *
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Thunder Creek
|
|Ron Bishoff 2,240
||
|Rick Swenson 2,929
|
|Bill Johnstone 1,639
|
|Dwayne S. McBride ( Ind . ) 66
||
|Rick Swenson
|-
Southeast Saskatchewan
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Bengough-Milestone
||
|Judy Bradley 2,419
|
|Darrell Rodine 2,297
|
|Laurie Unruh 1,665
|
|
||
|Bob Pickering * *
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Estevan
|
|Leonard Haukeness 3,404
||
|Grant Devine 4,079
|
|Bob Jones 1,889
|
|
||
|Grant Devine
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Indian Head-Wolseley
||
|Lorne Scott 2,725
|
|Dwight Dunn 2,066
|
|Jack Hosler 2,069
|
|
||
|Doug Taylor * *
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Moosomin
|
|Mary McGuire 2,954
||
|Don Toth 3,005
|
|Keith Lewis 1,475
|
|
||
|Don Toth
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Qu'Appelle-Lumsden
||
|Suzanne Murray 4,907
|
|Martin Kenney 2,426
|
|Dawn Garner 2,827
|
|
||
|John Lane * *
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Souris-Cannington
|
|Ross Arthur 1,912
||
|Dan D'Autremont 2,980
|
|Don Lees 1,815
|
|
||
|Eric Berntson * *
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Weyburn
||
|Ronald Wormsbecker 3,883
|
|Lorne Hepworth 2,725
|
|Bill Rudachyk 1,920
|
|Edwin Appenheimer ( Ind . ) 47
||
|Lorne Hepworth
|-
Saskatoon
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Saskatoon Broadway
||
|Pat Atkinson 5,027
|
|Lee Cutforth 1,445
|
|Jackie Stewart 2,891
|
|Greg Hill ( Ind . ) 107
||
|Herman RolfesSaskatoon South
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Saskatoon Eastview-Haultain
||
|Bob Pringle 4,630
|
|Bob Myers 1,698
|
|Dan Kolysher 2,485
|
|
||
|Bob PringleSaskatoon Eastview
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Saskatoon Fairview
||
|Bob Mitchell 5,955
|
|Gaby Akl 905
|
|Bill Mellof 2,084
|
|
||
|Bob Mitchell
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Saskatoon Greystone
|
|Peter Prebble 4,009
|
|Gary Hellard 1,094
||
|Lynda Haverstock 5,422
|
|Leslie Cushion ( Ind . ) 40
| colspan=2 style= '' background : whitesmoke ; text-align : center ; '' |New District
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Saskatoon Idylwyld
||
|Eric Cline 5,986
|
|Carol Zanon 1,294
|
|Roland Loewer 2,562
|
|
||
|Anne Smart * * Saskatoon Centre
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Saskatoon Nutana
||
|Herman Rolfes 5,452
|
|Jerry Ehalt 1,264
|
|Shirley Khan 3,048
|
|
||
|Pat Atkinson
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Saskatoon River Heights
||
|Carol Teichrob 4,908
|
|Ray Meiklejohn 3,578
|
|Ed Monuik 2,955
|
|
||
|Ray MeiklejohnSaskatoon Mayfair
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Saskatoon Riversdale
||
|Roy Romanow 5,254
|
|Gay Caswell 761
|
|Gary La Plante 1,398
|
|
||
|Roy Romanow
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Saskatoon Sutherland-University
||
|Mark Koenker 4,034
|
|Jim Laing 1,452
|
|Robin Bellamy 3,102
|
|
||
|Mark KoenkerSaskatoon Sutherland
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Saskatoon Westmount
||
|Janice MacKinnon 5,505
|
|George Turanich 1,008
|
|Myron Luczka 1,913
|
|
||
|John Brockelbank * *
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Saskatoon Wildwood
||
|Pat Lorje 4,282
|
|Joan Black 2,509
|
|David Clark 3,123
|
|
| colspan=2 style= '' background : whitesmoke ; text-align : center ; '' |New District
|-
Regina
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Regina Albert North
||
|Kim Trew 5,313
|
|Roy Gaebel 881
|
|Phil Biggs 2,520
|
|
||
|Kim TrewRegina North
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Regina Albert South
||
|Serge Kujawa 4,333
|
|Jack Klein 1,761
|
|Saul Jacobson 3,133
|
|John O'Donoghue ( Ind . ) 106
||
|Jack KleinRegina South
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Regina Churchill Downs
||
|Edward Shillington 6,049
|
|John Bergen 661
|
|Clyde Myhill 1,939
|
|
||
|Edwin TchorzewskiRegina North East
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Regina Dewdney
||
|Edwin Tchorzewski 6,695
|
|Warne Rhoades 990
|
|Bob Newman 1,969
|
|
| colspan=2 style= '' background : whitesmoke ; text-align : center ; '' |New District
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Regina Elphinstone
||
|Dwain Lingenfelter 6,505
|
|Don Racette 854
|
|Cliff Chatterson 1,673
|
|
||
|Dwain Lingenfelter
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Regina Hillsdale
||
|Rose Marie Simard 4,851
|
|Shirley Schneider 1,677
|
|Larry Bird 2,930
|
|
||
|Rose Marie SimardRegina Lakeview
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Regina Lake Centre
||
|Joanne Crofford 6,286
|
|Bill Pratt 1,296
|
|Michael R. Giles 2,432
|
|
||
|Edward ShillingtonRegina Centre
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Regina North West
||
|John Solomon 5,660
|
|Jack Mock 990
|
|Liz Calvert 2,670
|
|
||
|John Solomon
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Regina Rosemont
||
|Robert Llewellyn Lyons 6,406
|
|Myrna Petersen 1,031
|
|John M. MacGowan 2,383
|
|
||
|Robert Lyons
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Regina Victoria
||
|Harry Van Mulligen 5,759
|
|Olga Stinson 1,000
|
|Louise Holloway 2,066
|
|
||
|Harry Van Mulligen
|-
|bgcolor=whitesmoke|Regina Wascana Plains
||
|Doreen Hamilton 4,532
|
|Gordon Martin 2,148
|
|Cam McCannell 3,086
|
|
||
|Gordon B. MartinRegina Wascana
|-
|-
| style= '' width : 130px '' |Liberal
|Anita Bergman
|align= '' right '' |2,566
|align= '' right '' |57.05
|align= '' right '' |+28.40
|NDP
|Kathie Maher-Wolbaum
|align= '' right '' |1,794
|align= '' right '' |39.88
|align= '' right '' |-20.85
|Prog . Conservative
|Harvey Schmidt
|align= '' right '' |138
|align= '' right '' |3.07
|align= '' right '' |-7.55
|- bgcolor= '' white ''
! align= '' left '' colspan=3|Total
! align= '' right '' |4,498
! align= '' right '' |100.00
! align= '' right '' |
Opinion Polls
Maclean 's ( September 30 , 1991 )
NDP- 63 %
Progressive Conservatives- 19 %
Liberals- 15 %
See also
List of political parties in Saskatchewan
List of Saskatchewan provincial electoral districts
References
Saskatchewan Archives Board - Election Results By Electoral Division
Elections Saskatchewan
Further reading
1991 elections in Canada
1991
1991 in Saskatchewan
October 1991 events in Canada
The Monument to the Heroes of the Revolution is a memorial located in the very center of Novosibirsk , Russia .
Originally , it was a place where 104 fighters for the Soviet Revolution were buried in a common grave on January 22 , 1920 . A monument was erected and officially opened on November 7 , 1922 . In 1957 , the remains of a few famous heroes of the Soviet Revolution were moved from the other city cemeteries and buried in the individual graves with bust sculptures .
In 1970 , the wall of the building facing the cemetery ( House of Lenin , another Soviet era landmark built after the death of Vladimir Lenin to commemorate his memory ) was decorated with revolutionary themed images . Finally , a few more graves were added in 1977 .
The memorial was a major landmark in Soviet days and most children in Novosibirsk have visited the site on school field trips .
By the mid-1990s it had become neglected and it has not been modified . As a result , this is arguably one of the most authentic and best preserved examples of an original untouched Soviet era historic site .
External links
Monument of the Heroes of the Revolution , Novosibirsk
Memorial of the Heroes of the Revolution on Google Maps
The fotos provided by Vladimir Kolesnikov
Monuments and memorials in Russia
Tsentralny City District , Novosibirsk
Cemeteries in Novosibirsk
Monuments and memorials built in the Soviet Union
Cultural heritage monuments of regional significance in Novosibirsk Oblast
Danijel Milićević ( ; born 5 January 1986 ) is a Bosnian professional football coach and former player , who played as an attacking midfielder .
Milićević started his professional career at Lugano , before joining Yverdon in 2006 . In 2009 , he moved to Eupen . Two years later , he switched to Charleroi . In 2014 , Milićević was transferred to Gent , who loaned him to Metz in 2018 . Later that year , he went back to Eupen . In 2020 , he signed with Seraing .
A former Swiss youth international , Milićević made his senior international debut for Bosnia and Herzegovina in 2016 , earning 3 caps until 2017 .
Club career
Early career
Milićević started playing football at a local club Biaschesi , before joining youth setup of his hometown team Bellinzona . He made his professional debut playing for Lugano in 2004 at the age of 18 .
In January 2006 , he signed with Yverdon .
In January 2009 , Milićević moved to Belgian side Eupen .
In the summer of 2011 , he switched to Charleroi .
Gent
In January 2014 , Milićević was transferred to Gent for an undisclosed fee . He made his official debut for the team on 18 January against Kortrijk . On 17 August , he scored his a brace in a triumph over Zulte Waregem , which were his first goals for Gent . He won his first trophy with the club on 21 May 2015 , when they were crowned league champions for the first time in their history .
On 16 September , Milićević made his UEFA Champions League debut against Lyon and managed to score a goal .
In January 2016 , he extended his contract until June 2019 .
Milićević played his 100th game for the team on 13 August .
He scored his first career hat-trick on 20 September 2017 against Geel .
In January 2018 , he was loaned to French outfit Metz until the end of season .
Later stage of career
In June 2018 , Milićević returned to Eupen .
In October 2020 , he signed with Seraing .
He announced his retirement from football on 17 June 2021 .
International career
Despite representing Switzerland at various youth levels , Milićević decided to play for Bosnia and Herzegovina at senior level .
In June 2016 , his request to change sports citizenship from Swiss to Bosnian was approved by FIFA . Subsequently , he received his first senior call-up in August 2016 , for a 2018 FIFA World Cup qualifier against Estonia , and debuted in that game on 6 September .
Career statistics
Club
International
Honours
Charleroi
Belgian First Division B : 2011–12
Gent
Belgian First Division A : 2014–15
Belgian Super Cup : 2015
References
External links
1986 births
Living people
People from Bellinzona
Sportspeople from Ticino
Swiss people of Bosnia and Herzegovina descent
Citizens of Bosnia and Herzegovina through descent
Swiss footballers
Switzerland youth international footballers
Switzerland under-21 international footballers
Swiss expatriate footballers
Bosnia and Herzegovina footballers
Bosnia and Herzegovina international footballers
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate footballers
Association football midfielders
FC Lugano players
Yverdon-Sport FC players
K.A.S . Eupen players
R. Charleroi S.C. players
K.A.A . Gent players
FC Metz players
R.F.C . Seraing ( 1922 ) players
Swiss Challenge League players
Swiss Super League players
Belgian First Division B players
Belgian First Division A players
Ligue 1 players
Expatriate footballers in Belgium
Expatriate footballers in France
Swiss expatriate sportspeople in Belgium
Swiss expatriate sportspeople in France
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate sportspeople in Switzerland
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate sportspeople in Belgium
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate sportspeople in France
Bosnia and Herzegovina football managers
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate football managers
Expatriate football managers in Belgium
The Sahara Invitational was a PGA Tour event in Nevada from 1958 through 1976 , played Las Vegas and sponsored by the Sahara Hotel . In the first four years , it was the Sahara Pro-Am and an unofficial tour event . Paradise Valley Country Club hosted in 1970 and 1971 , and Sahara Nevada Country Club from 1972–1976 .
Jack Nicklaus won Sahara four times in a seven-year span in the 1960s , and three future major champions ( Tony Lema , Lanny Wadkins , and John Mahaffey ) made Sahara their first tour victory .
A month after the 1976 event , it was announced in early November that the Sahara Invitational was being discontinued . Edward M. Nigro , vice president and general manager of Hotel Sahara , cited rising costs , scheduling conflicts , and a decline in the national promotion benefit as the reasons for the tournament 's cancellation .
The Las Vegas Founders returned the PGA Tour to Las Vegas in 1983 with the Panasonic Las Vegas Pro Celebrity Classic ; since 2007 , it has been organized by the Shriners Hospitals for Children .
Tournament highlights
1962 : Tony Lema wins the inaugural Sahara Invitational , three shots ahead of Don January .
1964 : R. H. Sikes shoots a first round 62 on his way to a two shot triumph over defending champion Jack Nicklaus , Phil Rodgers , and Jack McGowan .
1967 : Jack Nicklaus becomes the only Sahara champion to successfully defend his title . He wins by one shot over Steve Spray .
1968 : Chi-Chi Rodríguez shoots a final round 64 to come from six shots back and force a sudden death playoff . He then birdies the first playoff hole to defeat Dale Douglass .
1969 : Nicklaus shoots a final round 65 for his 29th PGA Tour title and fourth Sahara victory . He finishes four shots ahead of Frank Beard .
1971 : Lee Trevino wins his sixth PGA Tour event of the year , one shot ahead of George Archer .
1974 : Al Geiberger wins for the first time on tour since his PGA Championship triumph in 1966 ; he finishes three shots ahead of Jerry Heard , Wally Armstrong , Mike Hill , and Dave Hill .
1976 : Runner-up five years earlier , Archer wins the last Sahara , two strokes ahead of defending champion Dave Hill and third round leader Don January .
Winners
Notes
References
External links
1970-1976 Results and stats on The Sahara Invitational
Former PGA Tour events
Recurring sporting events established in 1958
Recurring sporting events disestablished in 1976
Golf in Las Vegas
Pro–am golf tournaments
1958 establishments in Nevada
1976 disestablishments in Nevada
Hugo Bänziger ( born 3 January 1956 ) is a Swiss economist and bank manager .
He held the position of Chief Risk Officer on the Management Board of Deutsche Bank from 2006 to 2012 and was a member of the Group Executive Committee . Bänziger resigned from the Management Board of Deutsche Bank at the end of May 2012 .
From 2014 until the end of 2018 , Hugo Bänziger was a managing partner of the Swiss private bank Lombard Odier . Hugo Bänziger is also a board member of the John D.V . Salvador Foundation ( JDVSF ) as well as a member of the Advisory Board of CountryRisk.io .
Life
Hugo Bänziger studied modern history , law and economics at the University of Bern , where he also achieved a PhD in economic history .
After his studies , he began his career at the Swiss Federal Banking Commission ( SFBC ) in 1983 . From 1985 to 1996 , Hugo Bänziger worked for Credit Suisse in Zurich and London in the Retail Banking division and then as a Relationship Manager in the Corporate Finance division . In 1990 he was appointed Global Head of Credit for CS Financial Products .
In 1996 , he joined Deutsche Bank , initially as Head of Global Markets Credit in London . In 2000 , he was appointed Chief Credit Officer ; from 2004 , he was also responsible for operational risk management . On 4 May 2006 , he was appointed to the Management Board of Deutsche Bank AG as Chief Risk Officer . His responsibilities included the management of credit , market price and operational risks as well as Corporate Security & Business Continuity and Treasury . From May 2007 , he was also responsible for Legal and Compliance .
Hugo Bänziger is a member of the Supervisory Board of EUREX Clearing AG , EUREX Frankfurt AG and President of the Board of Directors of EUREX Zürich AG . In November 2012 , he was co-opted as a member of the International Committee of the Red Cross . He is an associate professor at the University of Chicago Booth School of Business and a visiting professor at the London School of Economics .
He was chairman of the supervisory board of DWS Investment GmbH . On 1 April 2014 , he became managing partner of the private bank Bank Lombard Odier & Co .
Publications
Hugo Bänziger ( Hrsg . ) : Die Entwicklung der Bankenaufsicht in der Schweiz seit dem 19 . Jahrhundert . Haupt Verlag , Bern 1986 ,
References
1956 births
Living people
Deutsche Bank people
Credit Suisse people
Swiss businesspeople
University of Chicago Booth School of Business faculty
People associated with the London School of Economics
University of Bern alumni
Swiss men
The Richmond Night Market is an annual night market held during the summer months in Richmond , British Columbia , Canada . It runs on weekends and is currently held near Bridgeport Station of the Canada Line and next to River Rock Casino Resort .
Founded by entrepreneur Raymond Cheung , the Richmond Night Market has become an international success story , garnering headlines in the New York Times on multiple occasions .
It was first held at Continental Centre on Cambie Road in 2000 , and then for two years at Lansdowne Centre ( then known as Lansdowne Park Shopping Centre ) before relocating to the former home of the Bridgepoint Market in 2003 . It was then relocated to a waterfront property on Vulcan Way behind The Home Depot , where it shattered records and caused lineups that extended for miles into Vancouver . But that success , as it had many times before , proved to be a headache , as the landlord at Vulcan Way sought a massive increase to the annual lease . When Cheung declined , the market was on the verge of being cancelled . The competing Summer Night Market , organized by Paul Cheung ( no relation to founder Raymond Cheung ) was able to secure the lease to the Vulcan Way location and ran it there for several years . But Paul Cheung was unable to replicate the success that Raymond Cheung had achieved , and after a court battle over the event 's name , Paul Cheung eventually closed the Summer Night Market . Richmond 's large immigrant population has provided a strong Asian influence to the night markets .
The night market in Richmond has attracted people from all over the world . The Richmond Night Market has been appreciated by locals and tourists alike for getting people together , offering good ethnic food , and providing entertainment . The night market has become a `` must see '' tourist attraction in Richmond . Events such as fundraisers by the Richmond Fire Department are often held at the night market .
History
The Richmond Night Market , founded by entrepreneur Raymond Cheung , was first held in the year 2000 in the parking lot at the Continental Centre in Richmond , B.C. , Canada , where it ran for only a couple of months during the summer . But in only a short time , it became a victim of its own success : so many people came to the weekend market , that tenants at Continental Centre complained to the landlord about the impact it was having on their businesses as well as on parking availability and traffic in the surrounding roadways .
In 2001 , Cheung found a new home for the Richmond Night Market , which not only offered more space for the growing number of retail and food booths , but gave the market massive visibility in the heart of Richmond , at Lansdowne Park Shopping Centre on No . 3 Road , a road running north-south through the heart of the city 's downtown core .
In 2002 , the Richmond Night Market returned for a second year to Lansdowne Park Shopping Centre , where its reputation continued to grow . But again , it became a victim of its own success , as shopkeepers in the mall complained about the market 's impact on their business .
So the night market had to find a new home , and so in 2003 , it was in a clearing next to the soon-to-be-demolished BridgePoint Market , which would later become a familiar spot to those who frequent the annual market .
By 2003 , it was moved to Lansdowne Centre to accommodate its growth . As attendance continued to increase , it moved again to the present site of the River Rock Casino Resort and finally to River Rd . Over 30,000 people visit the night market each night .
At its peak , the Richmond Night Market had over 400 booths selling mostly Asian cuisine , merchandise , and entertainment . Entrance to the market was free , though parking on site near the entrance can cost as high as $ 5.50 for the evening . Currently , year 2012 , there is free parking and only a small admission fee . The merchandise sold at the night market is of a lower price point than traditional retail stores and primarily imported from Asia .
In October 2007 , the Richmond Night Market 's lease on Vulcan Way expired . The landlord and Target Event Production Ltd. were unable to negotiate a new lease , primarily due to a rent increase . Target Event Production Ltd. attempted to find an alternative location , within Richmond , to host the night market for 2008 . However , they were not able to find a venue in time , in Richmond or anywhere else within Metro Vancouver . It was then announced through a press release that the Richmond Night Market was canceled .
A new location was found for the return of the Richmond Night Market for 2010 . However , due to cost concerns , plans for the new location were dropped .
In May 2012 , they made a comeback with the night market on from May 18 to October 8 , with a new location next to SkyTrain Canada Lines ' Bridgeport Station and River Rock Casino .
Developments
By March 2008 , a new location for the Richmond Night Market had not been found . Target Events Production Ltd. had stated that it would require about of paved land to hold the event . Discussions had been taking place with other cities and municipalities but it was hoped that the market would remain in Richmond , BC . In April 2008 , Target Events Production Ltd. issued a news release canceling the event for 2008 and stated it would attempt to find an alternative location for the following year .
Another promoter , not affiliated with the Richmond Night Market , hosted the night market in 2008 and has continued to do so . The succeeding promoter , Lions Communication Inc. renamed the event from Richmond Night Market to `` Summer Night Market '' . After a hearing at Richmond City Hall on 20 May 2008 , the Summer Night Market was granted a permit for two-years operation at the Vulcan Way location . The first season took place between May 30 and 5 October 2008 . The festival for 2009 started on 15 May 2009 and ended on 4 October 2009 . The festival for 2010 started on May 21 , in order to coincide with start of the May long weekend , and is scheduled to finish on October 5 .
In early May 2008 , the site was subject to suspicious vandalism which caused Lions Communication Inc. to power the night market with emergency generators while electrical repairs estimated at $ 100,000 were made . The main service pole was cut down and the fuses and wiring were ripped out . The RCMP had investigated and no charges were laid .
Lions Communications Inc. has previous experience in organizing various night markets both in Richmond and Vancouver , notably the first night market of its kind for Richmond in the 1998 Continental Square Mid Autumn Festival along with the Chinese New Year Night Market at Lansdowne Centre which ran for 6 consecutive years starting from 1999 . This company also includes the core operators behind Paradise Entertainment , a company which has organized events such as the Molson Indy opening ceremonies , Mid Autumn Festival 1995 and Chinese New Year celebrations in 1998 at the Plaza of Nations in Vancouver . This company has also stated that they will reduce parking costs compared to previous years and improve access to the night market site .
In October 2009 , Raymond Cheung stated a new location was found and will be located in New Westminster , BC . Cheung had previously promoted the night market at its future location , as being the 'largest in North America ' when it opens for 2010 . The night market was planned to run from May 21 until October 11 , operating Friday , Saturday , Sunday and holiday evenings . Target Entertainment Inc. had formed a partnership with Starlight Casino for the event . The planned area offered 1000 free parking spots . It was expected the night market would draw around 10,000 visitors per week and two million over the course of the year , said Darren Harding , executive general manager of the casino . However , before the night market can be permitted to open , approval from New Westminster City Council was needed , which is also requesting a traffic impact study be completed .
On 26 January 2010 , more than 60 people attended the Queensborough Residents Association where plans for the Richmond Night Market were discussed .
Residents expressed concerns over the market traffic and parking . The association formed a community advisory group to further investigate the issues . Queensborough residents also raised questions about how potential crime , litter , and lighting from the market would be dealt with .
Organizers for the Richmond Night Market and Summer Night Market had planned , in 2010 , to hold two separate competing night markets . However , on 16 April 2010 , a few weeks prior to the planned re-opening at the Queensborough location , Starlight Casino gave notice to New Westminster 's city planning department that they were formally withdrawing their application for a temporary use permit to host the night market . A joint press release from Raymond Cheung of Target Events Production Ltd. and Starlight Casino followed announcing the cancellation to select media by email on April 19 . Starlight Casino general manager Tim Barnett explained that it was due to the scaling down of vendors from 300 to 225 , increasing operating costs from policing , providing traffic management plans , and ensuring additional parking for vendors , had made operating the night market adjacent to the casino `` no longer sustainable '' . In the end only the Summer Night Market in Richmond was able to open on schedule for the 2010 Victoria Day Long Weekend .
A new temporary home has yet to be found , and might not be ready until 2011 . Besides the location in New Westminster , Cheung has suggested returning the Richmond Night Market to central Richmond as a possibility .
Lawsuit
Previously , Raymond Cheung of Target Event Production Ltd. was hoping to continue his night market at a different location in 2009 and had filed a lawsuit against Paul Cheung ( no relation ) of Lions Communication Inc. , alleging trademark infringement over the name of the night market and copyright infringement on the vendor application forms . Paul Cheung said the allegations are without merit , stating night markets are `` not an exclusive concept '' .
Between May 12–15 and 19–21 , and June 10–11 , 2009 , a hearing in Federal Court occurred regarding copyright infringement between Target Event Production Ltd. and Paul Cheung and Lions Communication Inc .
On 11 January 2010 , judgment was passed regarding copyright infringement . The court found that the plaintiff ( TARGET EVENT PRODUCTION LTD. ) had acquired rights in four trademarks : RICHMOND NIGHT MARKET , RICHMOND NIGHT MARKET SUMMER FESTIVAL and Chinese characters for each of these . The trademarks were originally merely descriptive , but by January 2007 they were valid trademarks because they enjoyed substantial goodwill and had acquired distinctiveness in association with the plaintiff and the location of the market . However , the Court also concluded that the distinctiveness was not durable , and the trademarks lost their distinctiveness and associated goodwill when the Plaintiff failed to open another night market in 2009 .
The court concluded that the defendants ( PAUL CHEUNG AND LIONS COMMUNICATIONS INC. ) had failed to adequately distance themselves from Target 's former business when trying to take advantage of the opportunity presented by Target 's cessation of services . As a result , the Court found both copyright infringement and passing off , thus a ruling in favour of Target Event Production Ltd .
Damages in the amount of $ 15,000.00 plus costs and interest was awarded to the plaintiff , for which the Lions Communication Inc. and Paul Cheung are both liable to pay .
Lions Communications Inc. is currently appealing the Federal Court 's January decision . Paul Cheung , while okay with the name change , does not believe the floor plan ( which details where vendor booths and the stage are to be set up ) , can be considered `` intellectual property '' and subject to copyright .
Despite the name change , Raymond Cheung also threatened to sue media outlets that used the words `` Richmond Summer Night Market '' in news stories or advertisements .
After 9 years of operation , the Summer Night Market has been in the Vulcan Way location in 2008 rebranded as `` Illumination Summer Night Market '' ran from May to September 2017 . In March 2018 , the Illumination Summer Night Market was permanently cancelled for summer 2018 and Lions Communications Inc. ceased operations after the season .
Footnotes
External links
Richmond Night Market official site
Summer Night Market official site
Night markets in Canada
Richmond , British Columbia
Retail markets in Canada
The Toyota Sai is a hybrid electric car sharing the same platform and hybrid drivetrain as the Lexus HS . It was launched in Japan on October 20 , 2009 , following the launch of the Lexus HS in January of the same year . Toyota received about 14,000 orders in one month after its introduction , and the Sai is available at all Toyota Japanese dealership sales channels .
The Sai was released in December 2009 as Toyota 's second hybrid-only line after the Prius as Toyota brand model . Positioned between the Prius and the Crown Hybrid , the Sai came in a semi-fastback 4-door sedan body with a trunk . It was a sister car of the Lexus HS 250h that was released earlier in July , and the two models shared the basic components although they were differentiated by their interior and exterior designs . The Sai 's body length , width , and height were smaller than those of the Lexus HS 250h by 95 mm , 15 mm , and 10 mm , respectively .
The highly aerodynamic body design extended even to the flat and smooth underfloor covers , attaining a drag coefficient of 0.27 which was among the best in its class . Although the Sai employed the Toyota Hybrid System ( THS ) II with a reduction gear mechanism ( the same as that of the Prius ) , its engine was a more powerful 2.4-liter unit ( 2AZ-FXE ) producing 150 PS , to which a 143 PS motor was combined to drive the front wheels . The fuel consumption was 23.0 km/L under the 10-15 test cycle .
The name comes from the Japanese word `` sai '' -which means `` talent '' and `` coloration '' when written with the Kanji character .
On June 25 , 2010 , Lexus ( Toyota ) recalled 17,801 2010 model year HS250h and Sai models for failing to comply with US FMVSS 301 , `` Fuel System Integrity '' , due to the risk of excessive fuel leakage in the event of a rear-end collision . A recall of these Sai and HS models for reprogramming the brake software in February 2010 also led some buyers to question the model , with word of the issue possibly scaring away potential buyers .
On November 15 , 2017 , the Sai was discontinued and replaced by the Lexus ES 300h , which was released in Japan on October 24 , 2018 .
Gallery
Pre-facelift
2013 facelift
References
External links
Sai
2010s cars
Sedans
Hybrid electric cars
Alejandro Manuel Sinibaldi Castro ( 1825–1896 ) was acting President of Guatemala from April 2 , 1885 , to April 5 , 1885 .
Biography
Of partial Italian descent , he was a rich businessman who Was `` First Designate to the Presidency '' , the equivalent of Vice-President in the time of Justo Rufino Barrios . When Barrios was killed on April 2 , 1885 , in El Salvador , Sinibaldi Castro became acting president . However , given that Sinibaldi Castro had no political connections and was not in the military , he was pressured to resign within days of taking over . His successor was general Manuel Lisandro Barillas , who served as acting president but never called for elections in the stipulated time , and when he eventually did , he was elected as Constitutional President .
Image gallery
See also
Justo Rufino Barrios
Manuel Lisandro Barillas
References
Bibliography
Notes
1825 births
1896 deaths
Guatemalan people of Italian descent
Liberal Party ( Guatemala ) politicians
Presidents of Guatemala
Vice presidents of Guatemala
19th-century Guatemalan people
The 2011 Orange Open Guadeloupe was a professional tennis tournament played on hard courts . It was the first edition of the tournament which was part of the 2011 ATP Challenger Tour . It took place in Le Gosier , Guadeloupe between 14 and 19 March 2011 .
ATP entrants
Seeds
Rankings are as of March 7 , 2011 .
Other entrants
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw :
Fabio Fognini
Daniel Gimeno Traver
Gianni Mina
Jarkko Nieminen
Champions
Singles
Olivier Rochus def . Stéphane Robert , 6–2 , 6–3
Doubles
Riccardo Ghedin / Stéphane Robert def . Arnaud Clément / Olivier Rochus , 6–2 , 5–7 , [ 10–7 ]
External links
Official Site
ITF Search
ATP official site
2011 ATP Challenger Tour
2011
2011 in French tennis
2011 in Guadeloupean sport
LauncherOne is a two-stage orbital launch vehicle developed and flown by Virgin Orbit that began operational flights in 2021 , after being in development from 2007 to 2020 . It is an air-launched rocket , designed to carry smallsat payloads of up to into Sun-synchronous orbit ( SSO ) , following air launch from a carrier aircraft at high altitude . The rocket is carried to the upper atmosphere on a modified Boeing 747-400 , named Cosmic Girl , and released over the Pacific Ocean . Initial work on the program was done by Virgin Galactic , another Virgin Group subsidiary , before a separate entity — Virgin Orbit — was formed in 2017 to complete development and operate the launch service provider business as a separate entity from the passenger-carrying Virgin Galactic business .
The first successful flight was on 17 January 2021 , which delivered a payload of 10 CubeSats to low Earth orbit ( LEO ) . Two additional launches also successfully made it to orbit . LauncherOne was the first all liquid-fuelled air-launched orbital rocket . A previous test flight was unsuccessful on 25 May 2020 , when the rocket failed to reach space .
From 2007 to 2015 , Virgin had intended LauncherOne to be a somewhat smaller vehicle with a payload to low Earth orbit . In 2015 , Virgin modified the vehicle design to better target their intended market , and increased the vehicle payload capacity to launched to a Sun-synchronous orbit , suitable for CubeSats and small payloads . Virgin Orbit is targeting a launch price around US $ 12 million for the rocket .
History
Virgin Galactic began working on the LauncherOne concept in 2007 , and the technical specifications were first described in some detail in late 2009 . The LauncherOne configuration was proposed to be an expendable , two-stage , liquid-fueled rocket air-launched from a White Knight Two carrier aircraft . This would make it a similar configuration to that used by Orbital Sciences ' Pegasus , or a smaller version of the StratoLaunch air-launched rocket system .
By 2012 , several commercial customers had signed early contracts for launches signaling demand-side support for new small commercial-oriented launch vehicles . These included GeoOptics , Skybox Imaging , Spaceflight Services , and Planetary Resources . Both Surrey Satellite Technology and Sierra Nevada Space Systems were at the time reported to be developing satellite buses `` optimized to the design of LauncherOne '' . In October 2012 , Virgin announced that LauncherOne would be designed so that it could place in Sun-synchronous orbit ( SSO ) . Virgin planned at the time to market the payload delivery to Sun-synchronous orbit for under US $ 10 million per mission , while the maximum payload for low Earth orbit ( LEO ) missions would be somewhat larger at .
Under plans announced in 2012 , the second stage was to be powered by NewtonOne , a thrust engine , and the first stage by a scaled-up version called NewtonTwo , with of thrust . Design and construction of the first engines was completed by 2014 . NewtonOne was tested up to a full-duration burn of five minutes . NewtonTwo made several short-duration firings by early 2014 . Ultimately , however , neither NewtonOne nor NewtonTwo would be used on LauncherOne .
In 2015 , Virgin Galactic established a research , development , and manufacturing center for LauncherOne at the Long Beach Airport . The company reported in March 2015 , that they were on schedule to begin test flights of LauncherOne with its NewtonThree engine by the end of 2016 , but they did not achieve that objective .
On 25 June 2015 , the company signed a contract with OneWeb Ltd. for 39 satellite launches for its satellite constellation with an option for an additional 100 launches , but in 2018 OneWeb canceled all but four , prompting a lawsuit from Virgin Orbit . OneWeb filed for bankruptcy protection in 2020 .
News reports in September 2015 indicated that the heavier payload of was to be achieved by longer fuel tanks and use of the recently qualified NewtonThree engine , but this also meant that the Virgin-developed carrier aircraft White Knight Two would no longer be able to lift the rocket to launch altitude , so in December 2015 , Virgin announced a change to the carrier plane for LauncherOne to carry the heavier payload . The carrier aircraft subsequently was changed to a used Boeing 747-400 , Cosmic Girl , previously operated by Virgin Galactic 's sister company , Virgin Atlantic , and purchased outright by Virgin Group from Boeing upon the expiration of that airframe 's lease . The 747 will allow a larger LauncherOne to carry the heavier payloads . The modification work on the company 's 747 was expected to be completed in 2016 , to be followed by orbital test launches of the rocket in 2017 .
It was further announced in December 2015 that the revised LauncherOne would utilize the larger NewtonThree rocket engine on the booster stage , with the NewtonFour powering the second stage . NewtonThree was to be a -thrust engine , and began hot-fire testing by March 2015 . The NewtonFour engine would power the second stage . NewtonThree generate of thrust while NewtonFour deliver to the second stage and is capable of multiple restarts .
On 2 March 2017 , Virgin Galactic announced that its 200-member LauncherOne team was being spun off into a new company called Virgin Orbit . A subsidiary company of Virgin Orbit called Vox Space was created to carry out business which require strict security requirements . , the company planned to fly approximately twice a month by 2020 .
In September 2017 , the first test flights of LauncherOne were delayed to 2018 . By June 2018 , the Virgin Orbit captive carry flight testing campaign for LauncherOne , including a planned drop test of an unfueled rocket , was licensed to begin in July 2018 , and could run for up to six months .
In the event , no LauncherOne test flights occurred in 2018 and were delayed further , to December 2019 , with only the carrier aircraft beginning to fly in 2018 . The first three test flights of Cosmic Girl , including the pylon but not the rocket , happened on 23 , 25 and 27 August 2018 . A high-speed taxi test , with a rocket mounted beneath the aircraft , took place in early November 2018 . The aircraft flew its first test flight with both pylon and rocket attached on 18 November 2018 .
On 17 March 2022 Polish Space Agency and Virgin Orbit signed an agreement to use LauncherOne as means to send satelites into orbit , with its first launch from Poland planned for 2023 .
Flights
The maiden flight of LauncherOne took place on 25 May 2020 . The flight failed a few seconds after the ignition of the rocket due to a premature shutdown of the first stage engine , caused by a break in a propellant feed line , and the rocket did not reach space . The launch failure was attributed to a failure of a high-pressure liquid oxygen fuel line in the NewtonThree engine . Due to the failure , oxygen was no longer supplied to the engine and the flight was terminated . The issue with the fuel line was addressed by strengthening the broken components .
The second launch took place on 17 January 2021 , and was the first to successfully reach orbit . The rocket deployed 10 CubeSats for NASA 's Educational Launch of Nanosatellites mission ( ELaNa 20 ) . Cosmic Girl took off from Mojave Air and Spaceport in California at 18:38 UTC . The aircraft launched the LauncherOne rocket at 19:39 UTC . The launch occurred at the altitude of .
On 17 January 2021 , both NewtonThree and NewtonFour performed as expected . During launch , NewtonFour fired twice ; once to inject the second stage and the payloads into a transfer orbit , and again to circularize the orbit .
Design
LauncherOne is a two-stage air-launched vehicle . The rocket has a diameter of for the first stage and for the second stage and payload fairing .
In October 2019 , the company announced plans to develop a three-stage variant that would be capable of launching to the Moon , to Venus , or to Mars .
Engines
LauncherOne will be a two-stage air-launched vehicle using Newton engines , RP-1/LOX liquid rocket engines . The second stage was to be powered by NewtonOne , a thrust engine . It was originally intended that the first stage will be powered by a scaled-up design of the same basic technology as NewtonOne , called NewtonTwo , with of thrust . Both engines have been designed , and first articles have been built . NewtonOne was tested up to a full-duration burn of five minutes . NewtonTwo made several short-duration firings by early 2014 .
NewtonThree is a -thrust engine , and began hot-fire tests . More recent reports suggest that a NewtonThree will power the first stage of LauncherOne .
2015 redesign : new engines , larger payloads , new carrier aircraft
News reports in September 2015 indicate that the higher payload is to be achieved by longer fuel tanks and the NewtonThree engine but this will mean that White Knight Two will no longer be able to lift it to launch altitude . The rocket will be carried to launch altitude by a Boeing 747 . The revised LauncherOne will utilize both the Newton 3 and Newton 4 rocket engines .
In December 2015 , Virgin announced a change to the carrier plane for LauncherOne , as well as a substantially-larger design point for the rocket itself . The carrier aircraft will now be a Boeing 747 , which will in turn allow a larger LauncherOne to carry heavier payloads than previously planned . The modification work on the particular Boeing 747 that Virgin has purchased is expected to be completed in 2016 , to be followed by Orbital test launches of the rocket in 2017 .
Intended usage
LauncherOne is designed to launch a payload to a Sun-synchronous orbit ( SSO ) , suitable for CubeSats and small payloads . Virgin Orbit has also announced the ability of LauncherOne to send payloads into heliocentric orbit for flybys of Mars , Venus or asteroids .
Launch sites
Virgin Orbit integrate payloads at their headquarters in Long Beach , California .
LauncherOne is launched from its Cosmic Girl Boeing 747-400 carrier , attached to a pylon on the aircraft 's left wing , and released over the ocean at a location depending on the desired orbital inclination . This process avoids typical delays for ground launches due to weather and upper-level winds . William Pomerantz of Virgin Orbit has stated that any airport that can support a Boeing 747 may be used , subject to local legislation .
, the carrier plane has always lifted off from the Mojave Air and Spaceport in California , United States . The company also has plans to use other airports such as Kennedy Space Center in Florida , and Newquay Airport in Cornwall , United Kingdom . Other proposed launch sites include Ellison Onizuka Kona International Airport in Hawaii , José Aponte de la Torre Airport in Puerto Rico , Oita Airport in Japan , Andersen Air Force Base in Guam and Toowoomba Wellcamp Airport in Australia .
Past launches
Future launches
Launch statistics
Launch outcomes
Launch sites
See also
NOTS-EV-1 Pilot
Pegasus ( rocket )
StratoLaunch
References
External links
Release and ignition of LauncherOne on its first orbital flight , video , 17 January 2021 .
Microsatellite launch vehicles
Space launch vehicles
Air launch to orbit
Scaled Composites White Knight Two
Virgin Galactic
Virgin Orbit
Rocket launches in 2020
Rocket launches in 2021
Allan Saitowitz is an Israeli international lawn bowler .
Bowls career
Saitowitz was selected as part of the five-man team by Israel for the 2020 World Outdoor Bowls Championship
He won a fours bronze medal ( with Yair Bekier , Roi Ben-Ari and Colin Silberstein ) at the 2011 Atlantic Bowls Championships .
References
Israeli male bowls players
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Yusif Mirzayev ( ) ( 23 May 1958 – 19 February 1993 ) was an Azerbaijani soldier and participant of the First Nagorno-Karabakh War . He was posthumously awarded the title of the National Hero of Azerbaijan .
Life
Mirzayev was born on 23 May 1958 in the Böyükdüz village of the Kangarli District of the Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic of Azerbaijan . He graduated from secondary school # 1 named after I. Safarali in Nakhchivan in 1975 . He started his career at Nakhchivan Communication Center in 1976 . He was working and studying at Azerbaijani State Agricultural Institute ( present Baku State University of Economics ) in the faculty of Accounting at the same time . He was appointed as an auditor in one of the banks in Baku and graduated from the university in 1987 .
Mirzayev joined the National Movement in 1988 . During the Black January events of 1990 , Russian soldiers captured and tortured him .
In battles
He joined the army in 1991 during the First Nagorno-Karabakh War . Mirzayev 's first battle took place at the crossroads between Aghdara and Goranboy . He became an active fighter in a very short time and gained military knowledge as well . Thus , he was appointed as a Deputy Procurement by his commanders . He died in a battle while helping soldiers to break the siege in Aghdara region on 19 February 1993 .
Family
Mirzayev was married and had a daughter .
Recognition
He was posthumously awarded the title of the National Hero of Azerbaijan by the decree # 495 of the President of Azerbaijan on 27 March 1993 .
He was buried at the Nakhchivan city Alley of Martyrs .
One of the schools in Nakhchivan city as well as the school # 44 in Nasimi District of Baku is named after him . There is also a monument of him in the school yard .
His close friend , Azerbaijani singer Shamistan Alizamanli , dedicated his song `` Brave Soldier '' to him .
References
External links
Fəxrəddin Quliyev , `` Milli qəhrəmanlar '' , Məktəb ( qəzet ) | '' Məktəb '' qəzeti , No.39 ( 304 ) , 20 oktyabr 2014-cü il . səh.1
Vüqar Əsgərov . Azərbaycanın Milli Qəhrəmanları ( kitab ) | '' Azərbaycanın Milli Qəhrəmanları '' ( Yenidən işlənmiş II nəşr ) . Bakı : `` Dərələyəz-M '' , 2010 , səh . 213 .
1958 births
1993 deaths
People from Nakhchivan
Azerbaijani military personnel
Azerbaijani military personnel of the Nagorno-Karabakh War
Azerbaijani military personnel killed in action
National Heroes of Azerbaijan
People from Kangarli District
Andrew Grieve ( 24 October 1863 – 12 December 1941 ) was a New Zealand cricketer . He played three first-class matches for Otago between 1884 and 1888 .
Grieve was born at Dunedin in 1863 . He worked as a tinsmith .
References
External links
1863 births
1941 deaths
New Zealand cricketers
Otago cricketers
Cricketers from Dunedin
Kevin Larsen ( born 10 May 1986 ) is a Norwegian footballer who plays left back for Sandefjord . He also has matches for the Norway national under-21 football team .
He previously played for Store Bergan and Runar in his home town Sandefjord , before making his Tippeligaen debut for Lyn in 2005 . On 10 April 2005 , he made his debut against Fredrikstad , where he scored Lyn 's only goal in a 1–1 draw .
On 25 October 2007 , Larsen signed a three-year contract with Tromsø .
On 18 February 2011 , Larsen signed a three-year contract with Hønefoss .
Career statistics
References
External links
Profile at lyn.no
Profile at lynfotball.net
1986 births
Living people
People from Sandefjord
Norwegian footballers
Norway youth international footballers
Norway under-21 international footballers
IL Runar footballers
Lyn Fotball players
Tromsø IL players
Hønefoss BK players
Sandefjord Fotball players
Eliteserien players
Norwegian First Division players
Association football defenders
Sportspeople from Vestfold og Telemark
Somebody Wrote Love is the fourth studio album by Canadian country music artist George Canyon . In 2007 , the album won Canyon a Juno Award for Country Recording of the Year .
The track `` Some People Change '' was previously recorded by Kenny Chesney on his 2005 album When the Sun Goes Down , and later by Montgomery Gentry on their 2006 album Some People Change . Montgomery Gentry 's version was released as a single . Additionally , `` Quitters '' was later recorded by Collin Raye on his 2007 EP Selected Hits , from which it was also released as a single .
Track listing
`` Time for Goodbye '' ( Ben Hayslip , Brandon Kinney , Jimmy Yeary ) - 2:45
`` Somebody Wrote Love '' ( Gregory Becker , George Canyon , Pete Sallis ) - 3:39
`` Coming from You '' ( Derek George , Randy Houser , John Tirro ) - 3:42
`` Your Smile '' ( Elliot Park ) - 3:37
`` Drinkin ' Thinkin ' '' ( Rick Bowles , Tony Martin , Tom Shapiro ) - 3:21
`` I Want You to Live '' ( Michael Dulaney , Robin Welty ) - 4:37
`` Happy Man '' ( Jamie Robinson , Gordie Sampson ) - 3:02
`` Madi 's Song ( The Man She Thinks I Am ) '' ( Pat Alger , Canyon ) - 4:15
`` Ladders to Climb '' ( Jim Collins , Wendell Mobley , Neil Thrasher ) - 3:13
`` Some People Change '' ( Dulaney , Jason Sellers , Thrasher ) - 4:01
`` Quitters '' ( Canyon , Mobley , Thrasher ) - 4:20
`` The Hard Times '' ( Canyon , Dennis Matkosky ) - 4:24
Certifications
References
2006 albums
George Canyon albums
Universal Music Canada albums
Juno Award for Country Album of the Year albums
Helix ALM , formerly called TestTrack , is application lifecycle management ( ALM ) software developed by Perforce . The software allows developers to manage requirements , defects , issues and testing during software development .
History
Helix ALM 's precursor , TestTrack Pro , was developed by Seapine Software , and first shipped in 1996 . In November 2016 , Perforce acquired Seapine , and rebranded the software as Helix ALM .
Functionality
The software tracks software development processes including feature requests and requirements to design revisions and actual changes in the code . It keeps track of what tests were done , what was tested , who performed the test and when , on what platform , under which configuration and in what language . It offers the ability to create , manage , and link artifacts from the beginning through the end of a design and development project providing end-to-end traceability of all development artifacts and giving managers a better handle on the shifting requirements that define their projects . It enforces regulatory compliance to meet regulatory compliance requirements , including 21 CFR Part 11 and Sarbanes-Oxley .
Architecture
Helix ALM has a client–server architecture . The server manages a central database of requirements , test cases , testing evidence , defects , feature requests , work items , test configurations , users , and security group . The client and server communicate via a TCP/IP connection using 512-bit encryption .
Server
Helix ALM stores data in a variety of relational database management systems including SQL Server , Oracle , and Postgres .
Clients
There are several different categories of Helix ALM clients : GUI , Web UI , SOAP , REST API , and plugin .
The cross-platform GUI client is developed with Qt and available on Windows , Mac OS X , and Linux . It fully supports all end-user operations and administration operations .
The unified web application allows software developers and testers to create and review requirements , work with issues , and execute and track tests from their web browser .
Helix ALM 's SOAP SDK allows language and platform independent way to extend built-in functionality by writing applications that access and manipulate its data .
The plugin interfaces integrate with popular IDEs to perform functionality , such as closing a defect or manually assign a work item to another team member , from the third-party applications . Helix ALM plugins are available for Eclipse , Visual Studio , Outlook , Excel , and QA Wizard . Helix ALM also integrates with various SCM tools including Git , CVS , Perforce , Subversion , Surround SCM , and SourceSafe .
See also
Comparison of issue tracking systems
References
External links
Helix ALM page on Perforce website
Proprietary version control systems
Project management software
Nikolayevka ( ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) in Diyashevsky Selsoviet , Bakalinsky District , Bashkortostan , Russia . The population was 15 as of 2010 . There is 1 street .
Geography
Nikolayevka is located 35 km southeast of Bakaly ( the district 's administrative centre ) by road .
References
Rural localities in Bakalinsky District
Lake Khantayskoye ( ) is a lake in Krasnoyarsk Krai , Russia .
It is located south of Lake Keta .
See also
List of lakes of Russia
References
Khantayskoye
The 2013 Cincinnati Bengals season was the franchise 's 44th season in the National Football League , the 46th overall , and the 11th under head coach Marvin Lewis . The Bengals improved on their 10–6 regular season record from 2012 and clinched the AFC North division title . However , the Bengals lost 27–10 to the San Diego Chargers in the playoffs – the third consecutive season that the Bengals had lost in the Wild Card round . Their training camp was featured on the HBO show Hard Knocks .
2013 draft class
Notes
The Bengals acquired this second-round selection as part of a trade that sent quarterback Carson Palmer to the Oakland Raiders .
The Bengals acquired this sixth-round selection as part of a 2011 trade that sent wide receiver Chad Johnson to the New England Patriots .
The Bengals traded their original seventh-round selection ( No . 227 overall ) to the San Francisco 49ers in exchange for safety Taylor Mays .
Compensatory selection .
Staff
Final roster
Schedule
Preseason
Regular season
Note : Intra-division opponents are in bold text .
Postseason
Game summaries
Regular season
Week 1 : at Chicago Bears
The Bengals would build a 21-10 lead , but it would vanish as the Bears would rally to win .
With the loss , the Bengals started 0-1 for the second straight season .
Week 2 : vs. Pittsburgh Steelers
With their second straight victory over the Steelers , the Bengals went to 1-1 , and beat the Steelers at home for the first time since 2009 .
Week 3 : vs. Green Bay Packers
The Bengals defeated the Green Bay Packers 34–30 , and also became the first team in NFL history to lead by 14 points , then trail by 16 and eventually win .
Week 4 : at Cleveland Browns
With the loss , the Bengals fell to 2–2 .
Week 5 : vs. New England Patriots
The Bengals improved to 3-2 . They also defeated Tom Brady for the first time ever .
Week 6 : at Buffalo Bills
Mike Nugent would kick the game-winning field goal in overtime to seal the game for the Bengals . With the win , the Bengals went to 4-2 and picked up their first win in Buffalo since 1985 , snapping their 6-game road losing streak against the Bills .
Week 7 : at Detroit Lions
Mike Nugent would come through with the clutch as the Bengals won 27-24 for the second week in a row . With their 5th straight win in Detroit , the Bengals went to 5-2 .
Week 8 : vs. New York Jets
With the easy win , the Bengals improved to 6-2 . This win also remains the largest in the Marvin Lewis era , as of 2016 . The 49 points were also the most scored by the Bengals since 2009 against the Bears .
Week 9 : at Miami Dolphins
Andy Dalton would have a rough night , as he was intercepted 3 times . The game would end with him getting sacked in the end zone by Cameron Wake . This was also the first overtime game to end on a safety since 2004 .
Week 10 : at Baltimore Ravens
Despite out gaining Baltimore in total yardage , 364-189 , and a hail mary at the end of regulation to force overtime , Andy Dalton threw 3 interceptions in the loss . With the loss , the Bengals fell to 6-4 .
Week 11 : vs. Cleveland Browns
The Bengals set a franchise record for most points scored in 1 quarter with 31 in this game .
With the win , the Bengals improved to 7-4 .
Week 13 : at San Diego Chargers
The Chargers opened the game by driving 45 yards to the Bengals 31 , but on 3rd-and-10 , Philip Rivers completed a 13-yard pass to Antonio Gates who was stripped by Reggie Nelson with George Iloka recovering for Cincinnati . After both teams swapped punts , the Bengals marched 67 yards in 10 plays with BenJarvus Green-Ellis rushing for a 4-yard touchdown on the first play of the 2nd quarter . The Bengals responded on their very next drive , driving 78 yards in only 8 plays with Rivers bombing a 30-yard touchdown pass to Ladarius Green . After both teams swapped punts again , Andy Dalton was intercepted by Eric Weddle who returned it 21 yards to the Chargers 45 . The game was a 7-7 deadlock at halftime . However , on the Chargers opening drive of the second half Rivers was intercepted by Dre Kirkpatrick at the Bengals 25 . The Bengals responded by driving 59 yards on a 10-play drive with Dalton connecting with superstar receiver A. J . Green on a 21-yard touchdown pass for a 14-7 lead . The Chargers drove to the Bengals 31 , but were forced to punt . But the Bengals drove 61 yards before Mike Nugent booted a 47-yard field goal , extending the lead to 17-7 . On their next drive , Rivers hit Keenan Allen for 14 yards , but Iloka forced Allen to fumble and Vincent Rey recovered for the Bengals . The Bengals took over at the Chargers 34 . Two plays later Dalton threw a short pass to for 5 yards , but was stripped by Marcus Gilchrist with Weddle recovering and returning the ball 27 yards to the Bengals 43 . The Chargers reached the Bengals 30 and Nick Novak made it a 7-point game at 17-10 with his 48-yard field goal . The Bengals ended the game with a Green-Ellis 5-yard run to the Chargers 3-yard line with less than two minutes remaining . With the win the Bengals improved to 8-4 .
Week 14 : vs. Indianapolis Colts
With the win , the Bengals improved to 9-4 .
Week 15 : at Pittsburgh Steelers
With the loss , the Bengals fell to 9–5 and enabled their division rival Ravens to be in the running for the AFC North title .
Week 16 : vs. Minnesota Vikings
With the win , the Bengals improved to 10–5 , and with the Ravens ' loss to the Patriots later in the evening , they clinched the AFC North title .
Week 17 : vs. Baltimore Ravens
With the win , the Bengals surpassed their win total from 2012 .
Postseason
AFC Wild Card Playoffs : vs. ( 6 ) San Diego Chargers
The Bengals lost the AFC Wild Card playoff game against the Chargers , 27–10 , thus eliminating them . This loss also gives the team their 6th straight playoff loss dating back to the 1990 playoffs .
Standings
Division
Conference
Statistics
Team
Updated December 31 , 2013
Individual
Passing
Updated December 31 , 2013
Rushing
Updated January 3 , 2014
Receiving
Updated January 3 , 2014
Field Goals
Updated January 10 , 2014
Punting
Updated January 10 , 2014
Punt Returns
Updated January 14 , 2014
Kick Returns
Updated January 14 , 2014
Defense
Updated December 7 , 2013
References
External links
Cincinnati
Cincinnati Bengals seasons
AFC North championship seasons
Cincin
The National Science Board established the Vannevar Bush Award ( ) in 1980 to honor Vannevar Bush 's unique contributions to public service . The annual award recognizes an individual who , through public service activities in science and technology , has made an outstanding `` contribution toward the welfare of mankind and the Nation . '' The recipient of the award receives a bronze medal struck in the memory of Dr. Bush .
Vannevar Bush ( 1890–1974 ) was a prominent scientist , adviser to US presidents , and the force behind the establishment of the National Science Foundation . In 1945 , at the request of President Franklin D. Roosevelt , he wrote a famous essay entitled Science , the Endless Frontier which recommended that a foundation be established by the United States Congress to serve as a focal point for the USA Federal Government 's support and encouragement of research and education in science and technology as well as the development of a national science policy . The legislation creating the National Science Foundation was signed by president Harry S. Truman on May 10 , 1950 .
List of winners
Source : National Science Board
See also
List of general science and technology awards
Prizes named after people
Enrico Fermi Award
External links
Award Home Page
American science and technology awards
Awards established in 1980
National Science Foundation
Terry O'Sullivan ( July 7 , 1915 – September 14 , 2006 ) was an American actor , best known for his role on the soap opera Search for Tomorrow as Arthur Tate ( 1952–1955 , 1956–1966 ) .
Career
In the Arthur Tate role , he received the TV-Radio Mirror Award for Best Daytime Drama Actor three years in a row ( 1953–1955 ) . When his character was written out of Search for Tomorrow , he played the role of Richard Hunter on Days of Our Lives ( 1966–68 ) . He also played Judge Sam Stevens on The Secret Storm ( 1968–1969 ) before officially retiring from television roles in 1970 and relocating to Minnetonka , Minnesota .
Death
O'Sullivan died of pancreatic cancer in St. Paul , Minnesota .
References
1915 births
2006 deaths
Male actors from Kansas City , Missouri
American male soap opera actors
American male television actors
People from Minnetonka , Minnesota
Deaths from pancreatic cancer
Deaths from cancer in Minnesota
20th-century American male actors
The Down Arts Centre , formerly Downpatrick Town Hall and also Downpatrick Assembly Rooms , is a municipal structure in Irish Street in Downpatrick , County Down , Northern Ireland . The structure , which was the meeting place of Down Urban District Council , is a Grade B1 listed building .
History
The first municipal building in Downpatrick was a market house which was a gift to the town from Wingfield Cromwell , 2nd Earl of Ardglass and was completed in 1660 . It was arcaded on the ground floor , so that markets could be held , with an assembly room on the first floor . After the building became dilapidated in the 1870s , the local member of parliament , John Mulholland , offered to pay for a new building on the same site .
The new building was designed by William Batt in the Gothic Revival style , built in red brick by Dixon & Co. and completed in 1882 . The design involved an asymmetrical main frontage with five bays facing onto Irish Street ; it featured a prominent three-stage clock tower on the corner with Scotch Street ; there was an arched doorway on the ground floor of the tower , a gothic window flanked by colonettes on the first floor and a clock face on the second floor . The façade facing Irish Street featured a series of narrow gothic windows on the ground floor and four wider gothic windows flanked by colonettes on the first floor . At roof level there was a modillioned cornice and a central chimney . Internally , there were two halls , the larger hall , located on the first floor , accommodating 800 people and the smaller hall , on the ground floor , accommodating 200 people .
After significant population growth , the area became an urban district with the building as its meeting place in 1925 . It was also used as an events venue and the singer , Gracie Fields , performed in the building during the Second World War .
The building continued to serve as the meeting place of Downpatrick Urban District Council for much of the 20th century , but ceased that role after the enlarged Down District Council was formed with offices in Stangford Road in 1974 . It was badly damaged in a fire in 1983 but was restored in 1984 : it was then converted for use as the Down Arts Centre in 1989 and the local rock band , Ash , held one of their earliest performances there in the 1990s . A programme of refurbishment works costing £1.4 million supported by the Arts Council of Northern Ireland , Tourism Northern Ireland and Down District Council started in February 2011 . The works , which were undertaken to a design by Kriterion Architects , included modernisation of the facilities as well as the creation of some additional creative space and were completed in June 2012 .
References
Government buildings completed in 1882
City and town halls in Northern Ireland
Downpatrick
Grade B1 listed buildings
The European Karate Federation ( EKF ) is the governing body of competitive karate in more than 50 countries across Europe . The EKF 's stated goal is to promote , organize , regulate , and popularize the sport of karate . It is one of the five continental federations recognized by the World Karate Federation .
Since 1966 , it has organized the European Karate Championships . Additionally , it now organizes Junior , Cadet , and Under-21 Championships ( European Juniors Karate Championships ) .
In reaction to the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine , the European Karate Federation removed Moscow as the host of the 2023 Senior European Karate Championships , which had been scheduled to be held in Moscow .
EKU ( 1966–1992 ) / EKF ( from 1993 )
History
On 31 March 1961 , a karate teacher named Jacques Delcourt was elected President of the French Karate Federation ( which was a member of the French Judo Federation ) . In 1963 , he invited the six other federations in Europe to come to France for the first international karate event in history . Of the six federations - which hailed from Italy , Great Britain , Belgium , Germany , Switzerland , and Spain - only Great Britain and Belgium accepted the invitation .
On 15 December 1963 , the French , British , and Belgian federations gathered in Paris for the first European Karate Congress . They sought to improve and organize karate tournaments between their respective countries . The European Karate Union ( Union Européenne de Karaté ) was officially founded on this day .
Martial artists from the three countries utilized varying styles of karate , and unifying the different styles proved difficult for the separate federations . Consequently , the delegates decided to unify the refereeing .
On 24 May 1964 , a governance structure for the EKU was established at the Second European Karate Congress . Jacques Delcourt was elected the first president , a position he held until 1988 . At the Third Congress , on 21 November 1965 , the delegates - now representing ten countries - adopted a constitutional structure , and standardized rules for instruction and rankings . They also scheduled the first European Karate Championships , to be held in Paris in May 1966 .
The first Championship drew approximately 300 spectators and was broadcast live on television . The event drew criticism for being too violent , as multiple participants received facial injuries . The EKU Council offered differing opinions about the causes of the injuries , ranging from excessive rule violations to disparities in skills and conditioning . The issue of excess injuries was addressed at the EKU 's first referee seminar , held in Rome in 1967 .
In 1993 , the EKU changed its name to the European Karate Federation . Since 1997 , Spain 's Antonio Espinos has served as president . ( He has also been the President of the World Karate Federation since 1998 ) .
References
External links
Europe Karate Federation official website
World Karate Federation official website
More than 50 Affiliated Countries
Statutes of the EKF
Sports organizations established in 1963
Karate organizations
Karate
Organisations based in Madrid
1963 establishments in Europe
The following is a list of foreign ships wrecked or lost during the Spanish Civil War ( 1936–1939 ) . Only one of these vessels lost belonged to a foreign navy – Chasseur 91 , a French antisubmarine patrol boat – the remainder being civilian ships from different countries , most of them merchantmen involved in maritime trade with the Spanish Republic .
List of ships
Foreign ships sunk , wrecked or lost while involved in shipping along Spain from July 1936 to April 1939 .
British flag
French flag
Soviet flag
Greek flag
Panamanian flag
Danish flag
Norwegian flag
Dutch flag
Estonian flag
German flag
Belgian flag
Italian flag
Latvian flag
Footnotes
References
Blockades
International maritime incidents
Lists of ships by conflict
Lists of shipwrecks
Maritime incidents in 1936
Maritime incidents in 1937
Maritime incidents in 1938
Maritime incidents in 1939
Maritime incidents in Spain
Foreign
Shipwrecks in the Atlantic Ocean
Shipwrecks in the Mediterranean Sea
Foreign
Ships , Foreign
Anton Bergmann ( Lier , 29 June 1835 – Lier , 21 January 1874 ) was a Belgian writer and a liberal Flemish activist . Already during his youth he was fond of Dutch literature , and together with Julius Vuylsteke , he was a member of 't zal wel gaan , a Flemish cultural and liberal organization . After he graduated from humaniora ( E : highschool ) , he went to the University of Ghent , where he obtained a bachelor 's degree in literature , law and notary . Afterwards he attended the Vrije Hogeschool van Brussel ( E : Free University of Brussels ) , where he obtained a doctorate in law in 1858 . In the meantime he was very active as a writer and as an historian . He wrote a study on Philips van Marnix van Sint Aldegonde , plundering der hoofdkerk van Lier ( E : Philips van Marnix van Sint Aldegonde , the looting of the main church of Lier ) . A Royal Decree of 17 June 1857 awarded to Anton Bergmann the five-year price of Dutch literatur for the period 1870–1874 .
In 1858 , he established himself as a lawyer in Lier , where he married Eliza Van Acker . His career as a lawyer left little time for writing , but he spent his spare time on literature and history . He became a member of the Flemish cultural organization the Willemsfonds , and he founded the weekly magazine De Lierenaar . In 1870 , he published two Rijnlandsche novellen , and in 1873 , he published his Geschiedenis van Lier ( E : History of Lier ) . This publication were followed by Brigitta , Op St.-Niklaasdag , and Mariette la Bella . His frail health deteriorated while he was working on his magnum opus Ernest Staas , which he published under the pseudonym Tony . Ernest Staas was a success , and also his friend Nicolaas Beets ( alias Hildebrand ) , whom he admired very much , was full of praise for his book . However , soon after its publication , Anton Bergmann died .
Bibliography
Philips van Marnix van Sint Aldegonde , plundering der hoofdkerk van Lier
Twee Rijnlandsche novellen ( 1870 )
Brigitta ( 1873 )
Geschiedenis der Stad Lier ( 1873 )
Mariette la Bella ( 1873 )
Op St-Niklaasdag ( 1873 )
Ernest Staas , advocaat . Schetsen en beelden . ( 1874 )
Verspreide schetsen en novellen ( 1875 )
See also
Flemish literature
Sources
Anton Bergmann ( Dutch )
Anton Bergmann ( Dutch )
1835 births
1874 deaths
Flemish activists
Flemish writers
Free University of Brussels ( 1834–1969 ) alumni
Ghent University alumni
People from Lier , Belgium
Cryptoblepharus australis , commonly called the inland snake-eyed skink , is a species of skink in the genus Cryptoblepharus .
Pronunciation : KRIP-toe-BLEFF-ah-russ / oss-TRAH-liss
Etymology
Cryptoblepharus : ‘ hidden eyelid ' , referring to the fused eyelids .
Australis : ‘ southern ' , or more generally referring to Australia
Introduction
A major and much-needed revision of the genus was undertaken in 2007 by Paul Horner of the Northern Territory Museum , previously splitting this species into a bunch of species each of which occupies quite a distinct range occurring over Australia .
Paul Horner ( 2008 ) , says Cryptoblepharus are unique species to the Territory . A study recently has found the top end is a hot spot for snake eyed skinks with one new discovery that was very exciting for herpetologist Paul Horner ( 2008 ) .
Description of species
C. australis usually has quite distinct features : 6 supraciliary scales , 24 mid-body scale rows ; smooth sub digital lamellae ; immaculate , acute plantar scales . They are greyish in colour and have a longitudinal aligned body pattern . Cryptoblepharus snaked-eyed skink species live on vertical surfaces of rocks , trees and buildings which are challenging habitats that demand quite different adaptions and body characteristics . These physical characteristics include a dorsally depressed body and long splayed limbs , digits which create a low centre of gravity and an intimate contact with the surface . These little skinks are as swift and sure footed vertically as they are horizontally on a plane .
Similar species include ;
Metallic snake-eyed skink ( Cryptoblepharus metallicus )
Adams ' snake-eyed skink ( Cryptoblepharus adamsi )
Fuhn 's snake-eyed skink ( Cryptoblepharus fuhni )
Cryptoblepharus litoralis
Cryptoblepharus virgatus , wall skink
Distribution
It is distributed across arid inland Australia , extending north to vicinity of Barkley Highway in the Northern Territory and Queensland , east to the central plains of Queensland , east to the central plains of Queensland and New South Wales , and south Eyre Peninsula in South Australia . In Western Australia , it is known from Murchison and Great Victoria Desert bioregions
For more of an idea , it is found in the interior of the state including these places ; ‘ Binerah Downs ' station , Yetman area , Armidale and Wahgunyah State Forest
Habitat
The Cryptoplepharus australis lives in ; Semi-arid zone , woodland , open woodland , shrub land , grasslands , spinifex type environment
Habits
It is an arboreal ( tree dwelling ) , rock inhabiting and diurnal ( active during the day ) , in a natural environment they are found under bark on standing trees , and crevices in the dead timber and rocks .
Snake eyed skinks even occupy the walls of buildings well within the central business districts such as Perth and Cairns . The Crytoplepharus genus species ‘ Snake eyed Skink ' as mentioned above thrives on vertical surfaces of rocks , trees and buildings which are challenging habitats that demand quite different adaptations .
Threats
General threats to all reptiles include :
habitat loss from land clearing
habitat degradation by introduced species such as cattle and rabbits
habitat modification caused by global climate change
death on roads
feral predators such as dogs , cats , pigs and foxes
the introduced cane toad
emerging diseases
Reproduction
It produces two eggs to a clutch .
Diet
Its diet consists of insects .
References
Further Reference
Paul Horner ( 2007 ) Systematics of the snake-eyed skinks , Cryptoblepharus Wiegmann ( Reptilia : Squamata : Scincidae ) – an Australian-based review
Cryptoblepharus
Skinks of Australia
Endemic fauna of Australia
Taxa named by Richard Sternfeld
Reptiles described in 1918
Thomas James `` Tom '' Anderson ( 24 July 1939 – 28 July 2010 ) was an Australian sailor and Olympic champion . He competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich , where he received a gold medal in the dragon class , together with crew members John Cuneo and John Shaw . He was the twin brother of John Anderson .
On 8 February 2000 , Anderson was awarded the Australian Sports Medal for his gold medal-winning performance at 1972 Summer Olympics . In 2009 Anderson was inducted into the Queensland Sport Hall of Fame .
In 2018 , Anderson was inducted to the Australian Sailing Hall of Fame alongside Cuneo and Shaw .
See also
List of Olympic medalists in Dragon class sailing
References
External links
Thomas Anderson 's obituary at Sail-World.com
1939 births
2010 deaths
Australian male sailors ( sport )
Olympic sailors of Australia
Olympic gold medalists for Australia
Olympic medalists in sailing
Sailors at the 1968 Summer Olympics – Dragon
Sailors at the 1972 Summer Olympics – Dragon
Recipients of the Australian Sports Medal
Sport Australia Hall of Fame inductees
Medalists at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Barzilay is a surname . Notable people with the surname include :
Judith Barzilay ( born 1944 ) , American judge
Dvorah Barzilay-Yegar ( born 1933 ) , Israeli historian
Regina Barzilay ( born 1971 ) , professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology
Achan Chak is a small size village in Phillaur tehsil of Jalandhar District of Punjab State , India . It is located 8 km from Nagar , 3 km from Phillaur , 48 km from Jalandhar and 116 km from state capital Chandigarh . Achan Chak has postal head office in Phillaur . The village is administrated by a sarpanch who is an elected representative of village as per Panchayati raj ( India ) .
Demography
According to the report published by Census of India , 2011 , Achan Chak has a total number of 26 houses and population of 138 of which include 69 males and 69 females . Literacy rate of Achan Chak is 78.07 % , higher than state average of 75.84 % . The population of children under the age of 6 years is 24 which is 17.39 % of total population of Achan Chak , and child sex ratio is approximately 714 lower than state average of 846 .
Most of the people are from Schedule Caste which constitutes 81.88 % of total population in Achan Chak . The town does not have any Schedule Tribe population so far .
As per census 2011 , 87 people were engaged in work activities out of the total population of Achan Chak which includes 42 males and 45 females . According to census survey report 2011 , 82.76 % workers describe their work as main work and 17.24 % workers are involved in marginal activity providing livelihood for less than 6 months .
Transport
Rail
Phillaur Junction is the nearest train station however , Bhatian Railway Station is 11 km away from the village .
Air
The nearest domestic airport is located 35 km away in Ludhiana and the nearest international airport is located in Chandigarh also a second nearest international airport is 143 km away in Amritsar .
References
Villages in Jalandhar district
Villages in Phillaur tehsil
Dutalanı is a village in the Bucak district of Burdur Province in Turkey .
References
Villages in Bucak District
Uranyl carbonate refers to the inorganic compound with the formula UO2CO3 . Also known by its mineral name rutherfordine , this material consists of uranyl ( UO22+ ) and carbonate ( CO32- ) . Like most uranyl salts , the compound is a polymeric , each uranium ( VI ) center being bonded to eight O atoms . Hydrolysis products of rutherfordine are also found in both the mineral and organic fractions of coal and its fly ash and is the main component of uranium in mine tailing seepage water .
Uranyl carbonates as a class of materials
Many uranyl carbonates exist , rutherfordine being the simplest stoichiometry . Most uranyl carbonates additional components including water and diverse anions and cations .
A common method for concentrating uranium from a solution uses solutions of uranyl carbonates , which are passed through a resin bed where the complex ions are transferred to the resin by ion exchange with a negative ion like chloride . After build-up of the uranium complex on the resin , the uranium is eluted with a salt solution and the uranium is precipitated in another process .
Uranyl carbonate minerals
Uranyl carbonates include :
Andersonite ( hydrated sodium calcium uranyl carbonate )
Astrocyanite- ( Ce ) ( hydrated copper cerium neodymium lanthanum praseodymium samarium calcium yttrium uranyl carbonate hydroxide )
Bayleyite ( hydrated magnesium uranyl carbonate )
Bijvoetite- ( Y ) ( hydrated yttrium dysprosium uranyl carbonate hydroxide )
Fontanite ( hydrated calcium uranyl carbonate )
Grimselite ( hydrated potassium sodium uranyl carbonate )
Joliotite ( hydrated uranyl carbonate )
Liebigite ( hydrated calcium uranyl carbonate )
Mckelveyite- ( Y ) ( hydrated barium sodium calcium uranium yttrium carbonate )
Metazellerite ( hydrated calcium uranyl carbonate )
Rabbittite ( hydrated calcium magnesium uranyl carbonate hydroxide )
Roubaultite ( copper uranyl carbonate oxide hydroxide )
Rutherfordine ( uranyl carbonate )
Schröckingerite ( hydrated sodium calcium uranyl sulfate carbonate fluoride )
Shabaite ( hydrated copper cerium neodymium lanthanum praseodymium samarium calcium yttrium uranyl carbonate hydroxide )
Sharpite ( hydrated calcium uranyl carbonate hydroxide )
Swartzite ( hydrated calcium magnesium uranyl carbonate )
Voglite ( hydrated calcium copper uranyl carbonate )
Wyartite ( hydrated calcium uranyl carbonate hydroxide )
Widenmannite ( lead uranyl carbonate )
Zellerite ( hydrated calcium uranyl carbonate )
Znucalite ( hydrated calcium zinc uranyl carbonate hydroxide )
References
Uranyl compounds
Carbonates
Nuclear materials
Raoni Mendonça Barcelos ( born May 1 , 1987 ) is a Brazilian former amateur wrestler and grappler , and current professional mixed martial artist . He was five-times Brazilian national wrestling champion , and three-time Resurrection Fighting Alliance featherweight champion in MMA . He currently competes in Ultimate Fighting Championship ( UFC ) bantamweight division .
Background
Barcelos was born in Rio de Janeiro Brazil . He started grappling at the age of five under influence of his father , Laerte Barcelos , who was a Freestyle wrestler in the 1980 's , competing for Brazilian National Wrestling Team , as well as holding a 7th degree coral belt in jiu-jitsu . Barcelos won numerous major titles in his youth , including becoming 5-times national wrestling champion of Brazil , 2-times South-American wrestling champion , and winning 4 world titles in jiu-jitsu at the lower belt classes . After competing few years for the Brazilian National Wrestling Team , Barcelos transitioned to mixed martial arts ( MMA ) in 2012 at the age of 25 .
Mixed martial arts career
Early career
Barcelos started fighting professionally in 2012 . He fought under numerous organizations , notably Web Fight Combat , Shooto Brazil , and
Resurrection Fighting Alliance ( RFA ) where he was featherweight champion three times .
prior signed by UFC .
Ultimate Fighting Championship
Bacelos was scheduled to make his debut at UFC on October 28 , 2017 , replacing injured Augusto Mendes . at UFC Fight Night : Brunson vs. Machida against Bostom Salmon . Subsequently , Salmon pulled out of the fight on October 20 citing his own injury . As a result , Barcelos was removed from the card as well .
Barcelos 's finally came on July 14 , 2018 at UFC Fight Night : dos Santos vs. Ivanov , against Kurt Holobaugh . He won the fight via knockout . This fight earned him the Fight of the Night award .
His next fight came on November 30 , 2018 at The Ultimate Fighter : Heavy Hitters against Chris Gutiérrez . He won the fight via technical submission .
Barcelos was scheduled to face Said Nurmagomedov on May 11 , 2019 at UFC 237 . However , Nurmagomedov withdrew from the bout for undisclosed reason and he was replaced by Carlos Huachin . He won the fight via knockout .
The bout with Nurmagomedov eventually took place on December 21 , 2019 at UFC Fight Night : Edgar vs . The Korean Zombie . Barcelos won the fight via unanimous decision .
Barcelos was expected to face Cody Stamann on March 28 , 2020 at UFC on ESPN : Ngannou vs. Rozenstruik . Due to the COVID-19 pandemic , the event was eventually postponed .
Barcelos faced Khalid Taha on November 7 , 2020 at UFC on ESPN : Santos vs. Teixeira . He won the fight via unanimous decision . This fight earned him the Fight of the Night award .
Barcelos was expected to face Merab Dvalishvili on December 5 , 2020 at UFC on ESPN 19 . However , Barcelos was removed from the contest due to a medical suspension related to his latest bout on November 7 .
Barcelos was scheduled to face Raphael Assunção on February 27 , 2021 at UFC Fight Night 186 . However , Assunção pulled out of the fight in early February for undisclosed reasons . UFC newcomer Marcelos Rojo was named as the replacement . Subsequently , Bancelos was removed from the fight on February 22 after testing positive for COVID-19 .
Barcelos faced Timur Valiev on June 26 , 2021 at UFC Fight Night : Gane vs. Volkov . Despite knocking Valiev down several times , he lost the fight via majority decision . This fight earned him the Fight of the Night award .
Barcelos was scheduled to face Trevin Jones on December 18 , 2021 at UFC Fight Night 199 . However Jones withdrew from the fight for undisclosed reasons and he was replaced by Victor Henry . The pairing was then cancelled just hours before taking place due to COVID-19 protocols , and rescheduled to meet on January 22 , 2022 at UFC 270 . Barcelos lost the fight via unanimous decision .
Barcelos is scheduled to face Trevin Jones on October 1 , 2022 at UFC Fight Night 211 .
Championships and accomplishments
Mixed martial arts
Ultimate Fighting Championship
Fight of the Night ( Three times )
Resurrection Fighting Alliance
Resurrection Fighting Alliance Featherweight Champion ( Three times )
Wrestling
5-times Brazilian Wrestling Champion
2-times South-American Wrestling Champion
Brazilian Jiu Jitsu
Lineage : Mitsuyo Maeda > Carlos Gracie > Reyson Gracie > Osvaldo Alves > Laerte Barcelos > Raoni Barcelos
Brazilian Nogi Champion ( 2009 black )
World Champion – IBJJF ( 2002 blue , 2003 blue , 2006 purple )
World Cup Champion – CBJJO ( 2005 )
Brazilian National Champion ( 2004 & 2005 blue , 2006 purple )
Portuguese National Champion ( 2010 )
Brazilian National Silver Medallist ( 2002 , 2003 )
Mixed martial arts record
|-
|Loss
|align=center|16–3
|Victor Henry
|Decision ( unanimous )
|UFC 270
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Anaheim , California , United States
|
|-
|Loss
|align=center|16–2
|Timur Valiev
|Decision ( majority )
|UFC Fight Night : Gane vs. Volkov
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Las Vegas , Nevada , United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|16–1
|Khalid Taha
|Decision ( unanimous )
|UFC on ESPN : Santos vs. Teixeira
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Las Vegas , Nevada , United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|15–1
|Said Nurmagomedov
|Decision ( unanimous )
|UFC Fight Night : Edgar vs . The Korean Zombie
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Busan , South Korea
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|14–1
|Carlos Huachin
|TKO ( elbows and punches )
|UFC 237
|
|align=center|2
|align=center|4:49
|Rio de Janeiro , Brazil
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|13–1
|Chris Gutiérrez
|Submission ( rear-naked choke )
|The Ultimate Fighter : Heavy Hitters Finale
|
|align=center|2
|align=center|4:12
|Las Vegas , Nevada , United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|12–1
|Kurt Holobaugh
|KO ( punches )
|UFC Fight Night : dos Santos vs. Ivanov
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|1:23
|Boise , Idaho , United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|11–1
|Dan Moret
|KO ( punches )
|RFA 45
|
|align=center|2
|align=center|0:51
|Prior Lake , Minnesota , United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|10–1
|Bobby Moffett
|Decision ( unanimous )
|RFA 39
|
|align=center|5
|align=center|5:00
|Hammond , Indiana , United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|9–1
|Ricky Musgrave
|Decision ( unanimous )
|RFA 29
|
|align=center|5
|align=center|5:00
|Sioux Falls , South Dakota , United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|8–1
|Jamal Parks
|KO ( punches )
|RFA 23
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|2:31
|Costa Mesa , California , United States
|
|-
|Loss
|align=center|7–1
|Mark Dickman
|Submission ( rear-naked choke )
|RFA 14
|
|align=center|2
|align=center|2:06
|Cheyenne , Wyoming , United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|7–0
|Tyler Toner
|Decision ( unanimous )
|RFA 11
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Broomfield , Colorado , United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|6–0
|Erinaldo dos Santos Rodrigues
|KO ( flying knee and punches )
|Webfight Combat 2
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|3:25
|Rio de Janeiro , Brazil
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|5–0
|João Herdy Jr .
|TKO ( punches )
|Web Fight Combat
|
|align=center|2
|align=center|0:00
|Rio de Janeiro , Brazil
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|4–0
|Jorge Rodrigues Silva
|Decision ( unanimous )
|Shooto Brazil 34
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Brasilia , Brazil
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|3–0
|Fabricio Batista
|TKO ( punches )
|Shooto Brazil 32
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|0:21
|Rio de Janeiro , Brazil
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|2–0
|Gilmar Silva Milhorance
|Submission ( guillotine choke )
|Shooto Brazil 29
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|1:16
|Rio de Janeiro , Brazil
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|1–0
|Vitor Riso
|TKO ( doctor stoppage )
|Shooto Brazil 28
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|5:00
|Rio de Janeiro , Brazil
|
|-
| }
See also
List of current UFC fighters
List of male mixed martial artists
References
External links
Living people
1987 births
Sportspeople from Rio de Janeiro ( city )
Featherweight mixed martial artists
Mixed martial artists utilizing freestyle wrestling
Mixed martial artists utilizing Brazilian jiu-jitsu
Brazilian practitioners of Brazilian jiu-jitsu
People awarded a black belt in Brazilian jiu-jitsu
Ultimate Fighting Championship male fighters
Brazilian male sport wrestlers
Phaecadophora fimbriata is a moth of the family Tortricidae . It is found in Thailand , Japan , Taiwan , China , India , Java and New Guinea .
The wingspan is 20 mm . Adults are tawny with numerous fine longitudinal stripes , which are more distinct beyond the cell . The hindwings are dark purplish bronze , although the basal half is greyish .
References
Moths described in 1900
Olethreutini
Moths of Japan
Taxa named by Thomas de Grey , 6th Baron Walsingham
Golden Software LLC is a privately held , American company based in Golden , Colorado . It develops and markets a small catalog of GIS and scientific software .
Founded in 1983 , Golden Software was the first to market three-dimensional surface and contour mapping applications for the PC .
History
Patrick Madison , a CSM computer science instructor , and Dan Smith , a graduate student , began a partnership in 1983 with the development of a printer interface language that took advantage of the full resolution available to dot-matrix printers .
Their first commercial program , PlotCall , transformed plotter instructions into dot-matrix instructions compatible with over 20 commercial printers . This opened the computer graphing and mapping market to the wider arena of users with inexpensive commercial printers .
Between 1985 and 1986 the company released two DOS applications : Surfer , a surface and contour mapping program , and Grapher , a spreadsheet-plotting application .
In 1990 it released its first Windows program : MapViewer . Their next product , Didger was released in 1996 .
Strater , a subsurface log and cross-section plotting application , and Voxler , a 3D well and volumetric data visualization application , began shipping in 2004 and 2006 respectively .
In October 2014 , General Manager Blakelee Mills became CEO of Golden Software . Patrick Madison remained the company 's President , and Dan Smith remained the lead developer .
Golden Software released its newest product , Raster Tools in April 2016 . Raster Tools is an add-in for Esri 's ArcMap that creates raster data sets from XYZ data .
References
External links
Software companies based in Colorado
Privately held companies based in Colorado
Companies based in Colorado
Software companies of the United States
Human error is the primary cause or contributing factor in disasters and accidents .
Human Error may also refer to :
Human Error ( musician ) ( born 1982 ) , Polish electronic musician
Human Error ( album ) , a 1987 album by Unseen Terror
`` Human Error '' ( Star Trek : Voyager ) , a 2001 episode of Star Trek : Voyager
`` Human Error '' ( House ) , a 2007 episode of the TV series House
Human Error ( film ) , a 2004 film
Human Error ( song ) , a song by Oh Land
`` Human Error '' , a 2008 single by The Datsuns
`` Human Error '' , a song by Droideka
`` Human Error '' , a two-part episode of Transformers : Animated '' 's third and `` final '' season
Human error assessment and reduction technique ( HEART ) , a technique used in the field of human reliability
Human Error ( punk rock band ) , a Swedish punk rock band
Human Error '' , a 1985 novel by Paul Preuss
{ { Infobox drug
| drug_name =
| INN =
| type =
| IUPAC_name = 2-Ethylsulfanyl-1 ' H-benzimidazole
| image = Bemethyl.svg
| alt =
| caption =
| pronounce =
| tradename = Metaprot , Antihot , Bemitil , Bemithylum , Bemactor
| Drugs.com =
| MedlinePlus =
| pregnancy_AU =
| pregnancy_AU_comment =
| pregnancy_US =
| pregnancy_category=
| routes_of_administration = Oral as ( tablets or capsules )
| legal_AU =
| legal_AU_comment =
| legal_BR =
| legal_BR_comment =
| legal_CA =
| legal_DE =
| legal_NZ =
| legal_UK =
| legal_US = unscheduled
| legal_US_comment = Not FDA approved
| legal_UN =
| legal_status = Rx-only ( RU )
| bioavailability =
| protein_bound =
| metabolism =
| metabolites =
| onset =
| elimination_half-life =
| duration_of_action =
| excretion =
| index2_label = hydrobromide
| CAS_number = 14610-11-8
| CAS_number_Ref =
| CAS_number2 = 109628-14-0
| CAS_number2_Ref =
| UNII_Ref =
| UNII = 2S44TEQ96E
| UNII2_Ref =
| UNII2 = TG4SAK8A5M
| class =
| ATCvet =
| ATC_prefix =
| ATC_suffix =
| PubChem = 720878
| DrugBank =
| synonyms = bemetil , bemithil , bemithyl , bemythyl , Metaproth , Metaprote , 2-benzilidazol-thioethyl , 2-ethylthiobenzimidazole hydrobromide , 2-ethylsulfanyl-1H-benzimidazole ; hydrobromide
| C=9|H=10|N=2|S=1
| smiles = CCSC1=NC2=CC=CC=C2N1
| ChemSpiderID=629280
| StdInChI_Ref =
| StdInChI = 1S/C9H10N2S/c1-2-12-9-10-7-5-3-4-6-8 ( 7 ) 11-9/h3-6H,2H2,1H3 , ( H,10,11 )
| StdInChIKey_Ref =
| StdInChIKey = UGCOPUIBNABIEP-UHFFFAOYSA-N
} }
Bemethyl , also commonly referred to in literature as bemitil , is a synthetic actoprotector which is also antihypoxant ( combating conditions of hypoxia ) , antioxidant , and antimutagenic . Certified in Ukraine as a dietary supplement , bemethyl is commonly used in preparing for international competitions by Ukrainian national sport teams . Bemethyl is formulated as a hydrobromide salt . Its parent compound is 2-ethylsulfanyl-1H '' -benzimidazole .
Medical uses
Effects and benefits
Bemethyl is primarily classified as an actoprotector ; a synthetic adaptogen with significant capacity to increase physical performance .
Bemethyl also has a positive effect on metabolic processes , allowing adaptation to conditions causing frequent hypoxia , and the obtained effect is long-lasting and also occurs after the end of dosage .
Bemethyl has been shown to preserve both physical and mental capacity in high-altitude , low-oxygen environments , particularly by its effect in helping control excess serum levels of cholesterol and bilirubin , which are known to have negative effects especially during adjustment to high-altitude environments .
Bemethyl has also been shown to prevent permanent hearing loss and facilitate recovery of hearing after mine-explosion trauma , when treatment is initiated immediately after injury .
Clinical research
Anti-mutagenic
In one study , bemethyl was shown to prevent the mutagenic effect of white asbestos in mice and in cultured human whole blood .
A study using mice showed bemethyl to reduce mutation induced by certain mutagenic drugs .
Another study using cells from human donors showed Bemethyl to be anticlastogenic ( able to minimize chromosome breakages ) .
Pharmacology
Pharmacokinetics
Bemethyl resists metabolization and is long-lived , accumulating in tissues over course of treatment .
In one study involving rats , long-term administration of Bemethyl was accompanied by a 1.38-fold increase in drug concentration in the brain , and a 1.68-fold increase in its concentration in skeletal muscles .
History
Bemethyl was developed in the 1970s by the Department of Pharmacology of the St. Petersburg State Military Medical Academy under the direction of Professor Vladimir Vinogradov . Professor Vinogradov and his research team earned the USSR State Prize for this accomplishment .
First used with Soviet cosmonauts , Bemethyl was also used to prepare athletes of the USSR national team for the Moscow 1980 Olympic Games . In the 1990s , bemethyl saw use as a basic medicinal agent in many of the corps of the Soviet and Russian armies , including Soviet troops in Afghanistan , as bemethyl facilitated increased endurance for soldiers over long marches , as well as an enhanced work capacity and stability to hypoxia and high temperatures . Bemethyl was also used to enhance the physical and mental capacities of workers deployed in the wake of the 1986 Chernobyl disaster .
Legal
In 2018 , bemethyl was added to the Monitoring Program of the World Anti-Doping Agency .
As of 2021 it remains in the Monitoring Program ,
and therefore is not on the Prohibited List ; presently only being monitored to potentially detect patterns of misuse in sport .
The WADA Monitoring Program is also recognized by the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency ,
as bemethyl continues not to be a `` banned substance '' in sports .
References
Benzimidazoles
Thioethers
The Colours of Zoth Ommog is a various artists compilation album released in 1994 by Zoth Ommog Records . Songs by Blok 57 , Leæther Strip , Lights of Euphoria , Mentallo & The Fixer , Psychopomps , Spahn Ranch and X Marks the Pedwalk were previously unreleased in the bands ' main discography . Spahn Ranch 's `` Failsafe '' , which later appeared on their compilation is incorrectly listed in the liner noted as being from the Breath and Taxes EP .
Reception
Music From the Empty Quarter recommended The Colours of Zoth Ommog and said `` Zoth Ommog 's compilations generally give a good insight into the full-length offerings on the label . ''
Track listing
Personnel
Adapted from The Colours of Zoth Ommog liner notes .
Vernon Baur – photography
Michael Goolaerts – additional guitar ( 1 )
Hype Graphics – design
George Hagegeorge – remixer ( 11 )
Sevren Ni-Arb – remixer ( 5 )
Thorsten Marx – production ( 12 )
Release history
References
External links
1994 compilation albums
Zoth Ommog Records compilation albums
Soda Springs ( formerly , Summit Valley , Soda Springs Station , Hopkins , Hopkins Springs , and Tinkers Station ) is an unincorporated community and census-designated place ( CDP ) in Nevada County , California , United States . Soda Springs is located west of Donner Pass . The population was 81 at the 2010 census .
The Soda Springs Ski Resort is located just off Highway 80 near the Donner Summit .
History
Mark Hopkins and Leland Stanford established a resort at the location in the 1880s .
The Summit Valley post office opened in 1870 , changed its name to Soda Springs in 1875 , and closed in 1881 . It was reopened in 1929 . The Hopkins post office operated from 1885 to 1886 . Alternately it was reportedly known as Hopkins Springs until the Soda Springs post office was established on March 8 , 1875 .
The Central Pacific Railroad station was named Tinkers Station from 1867 to 1873 , commemorating J.A . Tinker . Tinker was a `` rough , hard-driving , hard-drinking teamster '' who hauled freight between the mines on Forest Hill Divide and Soda Springs .
Geography
According to the United States Census Bureau , the CDP covers an area of 0.3 square miles ( 0.9 km ) , all of it land
Climate
Soda Springs has a dry-summer continental climate ( Köppen climate classification Dsb ) that is characterized by warm , dry summers , and cold , extremely snowy winters . Snow depth peaks at 93 inches ( 236.2 cm ) during March . Soda Springs is listed as the snowiest place in the state of California .
Demographics
The 2010 United States Census reported that Soda Springs had a population of 81 . The population density was . The racial makeup of Soda Springs was 79 ( 97.5 % ) White , 0 ( 0.0 % ) African American , 2 ( 2.5 % ) Native American , 0 ( 0.0 % ) Asian , 0 ( 0.0 % ) Pacific Islander , 0 ( 0.0 % ) from other races , and 0 ( 0.0 % ) from two or more races . Hispanic or Latino of any race were 7 persons ( 8.6 % ) .
The Census reported that 81 people ( 100 % of the population ) lived in households , 0 ( 0 % ) lived in non-institutionalized group quarters , and 0 ( 0 % ) were institutionalized .
There were 41 households , out of which 6 ( 14.6 % ) had children under the age of 18 living in them , 8 ( 19.5 % ) were opposite-sex married couples living together , 2 ( 4.9 % ) had a female householder with no husband present , 5 ( 12.2 % ) had a male householder with no wife present . There were 3 ( 7.3 % ) unmarried opposite-sex partnerships , and 0 ( 0 % ) same-sex married couples or partnerships . 17 households ( 41.5 % ) were made up of individuals , and 1 ( 2.4 % ) had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older . The average household size was 1.98 . There were 15 families ( 36.6 % of all households ) ; the average family size was 2.33 .
The population was spread out , with 9 people ( 11.1 % ) under the age of 18 , 9 people ( 11.1 % ) aged 18 to 24 , 34 people ( 42.0 % ) aged 25 to 44 , 21 people ( 25.9 % ) aged 45 to 64 , and 8 people ( 9.9 % ) who were 65 years of age or older . The median age was 35.8 years . For every 100 females , there were 211.5 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 200.0 males .
There were 136 housing units at an average density of , of which 21 ( 51.2 % ) were owner-occupied , and 20 ( 48.8 % ) were occupied by renters . The homeowner vacancy rate was 4.5 % ; the rental vacancy rate was 4.8 % . 42 people ( 51.9 % of the population ) lived in owner-occupied housing units and 39 people ( 48.1 % ) lived in rental housing units .
Politics
In the state legislature , Soda Springs is in , and .
Federally , Soda Springs is in .
References
Unincorporated communities in California
Census-designated places in Nevada County , California
Lake Tahoe
Census-designated places in California
The Carnival of Madness is an annual hard rock/alternative rock tour founded in 2010 . The festival has a Carnival theme and a family friendly atmosphere . Artist and band signings , give away 's , circus performers , fire breathers , and more are also part of the show 's activities .
Lineups
2010 lineup
Shinedown
Chevelle
Puddle of Mudd
Sevendust
10 Years
2011 lineup
Theory of a Deadman
Alter Bridge
Black Stone Cherry
Adelitas Way
Emphatic
2012 lineup
Evanescence
Chevelle
Halestorm
Cavo
New Medicine
2013 lineup
Shinedown
Papa Roach
Skillet
In This Moment
We As Human
2015 lineup
Halestorm
The Pretty Reckless
Starset
UK Tour 2016 lineup
Black Stone Cherry
Shinedown
Halestorm
Highly Suspect
US Tour 2016 lineup
Shinedown
Halestorm
Black Stone Cherry
Whiskey Myers
2010 tour dates
References
External links
Rock festivals in the United States
Murdostoun is one of the twenty-one wards used to elect members of the North Lanarkshire Council . It elects four councillors and covers the settlements of Cleland , Dalziel Park and Newmains plus the Coltness and Cambusnethan areas of Wishaw , with a combined population of 20,485 in 2019 ; created in 2007 , its territory remained almost unchanged in a 2017 national review , other than the addition of a few streets by moving a section of the boundary south from the Temple Gill burn to the edge of Belhaven Park .
Councillors
Election Results
2022 Election
2017 : 2xLab ; 1xSNP ; 1xInd
2022 : 2xLab ; 1xSNP ; 1xInd
2017-2022 : No change
2017 Election
2017 North Lanarkshire Council election
2012 Election
2012 North Lanarkshire Council election
SNP councillor John Taggart resigned from the party and became Independent on 10 February 2015 in opposition to the party 's 2015 Westminster Election selection procedures .
2007 Election
2007 North Lanarkshire Council election
References
Wards of North Lanarkshire
Wishaw
Luiss Business School is a leading Italian business school , specialized in business and management studies .
Founded in 1986 , Luiss Business School is the business school of the Libera Università Internazionale degli Studi Sociali Guido Carli , ( LUISS ) . Its educational portfolio includes Masters , MBAs , Executive Programmes and Custom Programmes .
The main campus is located in the historical 19th century building of Villa Blanc , in Rome . In 2018 , a second campus has been opened in Milan and in 2019 a third campus has been opened in Belluno , the most important city in the Eastern Dolomites region .
Luiss Business School is accredited by AMBA and EQUIS .
History
Luiss Business School was founded in 1986 as Luiss School of Management , as the University division dedicated to post-graduate training . In 1991 , the first Master of business administration was established , followed in 1995 by the first programme of doctoral degrees in business administration , corporate finance , organisation and human resources .
In 2006 , the school assumed its current name and established a partnership program with Fudan University School of Management . The following year , the four doctoral courses were brought together in a single course , completely in English .
In 2013 , the Luiss Business School was included in the new Luiss School of Business & Management educational area , together with the Luiss Business & Management Department . In 2015 , it obtained the EQUIS accreditation , becoming the third Italian university to obtain this accreditation .
In 2016 , the reorganisation of the educational area was completed , with the merging of the Business School and Business & Management Department activities in the new `` Luiss Business School '' . Starting from 9 January 2017 , the School moved to its new seat , the recently renovated 19th-century Villa Blanc .
In 2020 , Luiss Business School obtained the AMBA accreditation , becoming the fourth Italian university to obtain this accreditation .
Training offer
The School 's training offer comprises an undergraduate course in Economy and Management , four MA courses ( three in Italian and one in English ) and several other post-graduate , MBA 's , masters and doctorate courses , both in Italian and in English .
See also
Libera Università Internazionale degli Studi Sociali Guido Carli
LUISS School of Government
References
Universities in Italy
Educational institutions established in 1986
1986 establishments in Italy
Werner Fischer ( born February 8 , 1931 in Gablonz an der Neisse , Czechoslovakia ) is a German mineralogist and mathematical crystallographer .
Education and life
Fischer passed his Abitur in 1951 in Kappeln an der Schlei . Supported by the German National Academic Foundation , he studied at University of Stuttgart and University of Kiel . There he also received his doctorate in 1959 with a thesis on structural studies on synthetic carnallite . In 1970 he habilitated at Philipps-University Marburg with a thesis on homogeneous packing of spheres and their conditions of existence in space groups of tetragonal symmetry . In 1971 he was appointed professor . From 1974 to 1978 he worked at the University of Münster and then worked at the Philipps-University Marburg until his retirement in 1996 .
Fischer 's research dealt with mathematical crystallography , in particular with periodic minimal surfaces , sphere packings , effective areas , normalizers , lattice complexes , the description of crystal structures and worked on the International Tables for Crystallography . This work was very often done in collaboration with Elke Koch .
Honors and awards
Fischer received the 2006 Carl Hermann Medal from the German Crystallographic Society .
References
1931 births
Mineralogists
Crystallographers
University of Marburg faculty
University of Münster faculty
University of Stuttgart alumni
University of Kiel alumni
German mineralogists
The Berendsen thermostat is an algorithm to re-scale the velocities of particles in molecular dynamics simulations to control the simulation temperature .
Basic description
In this scheme , the system is weakly coupled to a heat bath with some temperature . The thermostat suppresses fluctuations of the kinetic energy of the system and therefore can not produce trajectories consistent with the canonical ensemble . The temperature of the system is corrected such that the deviation exponentially decays with some time constant .
Though the thermostat does not generate a correct canonical ensemble ( especially for small systems ) , for large systems on the order of hundreds or thousands of atoms/molecules , the approximation yields roughly correct results for most calculated properties . The scheme is widely used due to the efficiency with which it relaxes a system to some target ( bath ) temperature . In many instances , systems are initially equilibrated using the Berendsen scheme , while properties are calculated using the widely known Nosé–Hoover thermostat , which correctly generates trajectories consistent with a canonical ensemble . However , the Berendsen thermostat can result in the flying ice cube effect , an artifact which can be eliminated by using the more rigorous Bussi–Donadio–Parrinello thermostat ; for this reason , it has been recommended that usage of the Berendsen thermostat be discontinued in almost all cases except for replication of prior studies .
See also
Molecular mechanics
Software for molecular mechanics modeling
References
Molecular dynamics
Chirigota is a genre of Spanish choral folksong originating in the Province of Cádiz . The songs are satirical in nature and are performed predominantly in the streets by costumed performers during the annual two week carnival . It has been described as a vehicle for gossip and public comment , especially of a political or moral , and sometimes prurient , nature . Suppressed during the Francoist State until 1948 , along with carnival in general , there has been a massive resurgence of the art-form since his death and the re-establishment of democracy .
Politicians are often the objects and subjects of the songs . In 2012 an entire repertoire of the chirigota group `` Los Gordillos '' was devoted to the communist/anarchist mayor of Marinaleda , a utopian village in central Andalucia . The twelve members were dressed as the mayor , Juan Manuel Sanchez Gordillo , and offered songs about supermarket raids led by him that summer to dramatize the increasing poverty in the countryside .
References
Spanish folklore
Owen James `` Jim '' Cullivan Jr. ( born June 10 , 1921 ) is a former American football coach . He served as the head football coach at Murray State University from 1956 to 1959 , compiling a record of 12–26–1 , and had a coaching career that spanned over 40 seasons . He played college football for Murray State , and was on their 1948 championship team .
Early life and education
Cullivan was born on June 10 , 1921 , and grew up in Paris , Tennessee . He attended Grove High School , playing on their championship football team in 1940 . In 1942 , and from 1946 to 1948 , he played college football for Murray State , and was left guard for their 1948 conference championship team . He missed seasons between 1943 and 1945 due to serving in World War II .
Coaching career
After graduating from college with a bachelor 's and master 's degree , Cullivan started a coaching career , being named assistant at Fulton High School in Kentucky . After two years there , he returned to his alma mater as an assistant coach . When Murray State head coach Fred Faurot resigned in 1956 , Cullivan was named the replacement . He finished his first season as head with a 6–4 record , with three of the four losses coming by one point .
His team compiled a 3–5–1 record in 1957 , a 3–7 record in 1958 , and a winless 0–10 in the following , leading to his firing in January 1960 .
After leaving Murray State , Cullivan took a year off from coaching to work on a doctorate from University of Indiana . In 1961 , he was hired by Eastern State College ( now Eastern Kentucky University ) as defensive coordinator . He resigned in 1964 to join Appalachian State University . He served as backfield coach for two years , and was associate professor of health and physical education .
After two seasons with Appalachian State , he was signed by Grove High School , where he attended from 1938–1941 , as defensive coordinator and head coach . While there he coached his three sons , Jim , Bill , and Pat . When the school closed in 1969 , he moved to Henry County High School , where he served for the next two years as their first football coach .
He retired after 1970 , and sat out the next two years . He returned in 1973 as coach of North Stanley High School , saying , `` I sat out ( of coaching ) two years , but I got restless . Raising cattle did n't work out . '' He left after five years , returning to college coaching with the Guilford Quakers as defensive line coach . He moved back to high school in 1979 , joining Cawood High School as an assistant . He was promoted to head coach in 1980 , and posted a 65–21 football record in nine seasons . He helped them achieve two undefeated years , and seven playoff berths . In 1985 , he was awarded The Courier-Journal 's annual Coach of the Year award .
Cullivan left the school in 1989 to become an assistant coach for Tennessee Wesleyan . He coached them for one year , and retired in 1991 at the age of 71 , after a brief stint in the United Professional Football League ( UPFL ) .
Later life
Cullivan celebrated his 100th birthday on June 10 , 2021 .
Head coaching record
College football
References
1921 births
Living people
Players of American football from Tennessee
People from Paris , Tennessee
Murray State Racers football coaches
Coaches of American football from Tennessee
Eastern Kentucky Colonels football coaches
Appalachian State Mountaineers football coaches
Guilford Quakers football coaches
Tennessee Wesleyan Bulldogs football coaches
American centenarians
Men centenarians
This is a list of records of the UEFA Women 's Championship and its qualification matches .
General statistics by tournament
Teams : tournament position
Teams having equal quantities in the tables below are ordered by the tournament the quantity was attained in ( the teams that attained the quantity first are listed first ) . If the quantity was attained by more than one team in the same tournament , these teams are ordered alphabetically .
Most titles won 8 , ( 1989 , 1991 , 1995 , 1997 , 2001 , 2005 , 2009 , 2013 ) .
Most finishes in the top two 9 , ( 1989 , 1991 , 1995 , 1997 , 2001 , 2005 , 2009 , 2013 , 2022 ) .
Most finishes in the top four 10 , ( 1989 , 1991 , 1993 , 1995 , 1997 , 2001 , 2005 , 2009 , 2013 , 2022 ) .
Most championship appearances 12 , and .
Consecutive
Most consecutive championships 6 , ( 1995–2013 ) .
Most consecutive finishes in the top two 6 , ( 1995–2013 ) .
Most consecutive finishes in the top four 9 , ( 1989–2013 ) .
Most consecutive appearances in the finals 12 , ( 1987–2022 ) .
Gaps
Longest gap between successive titles 6 years , ( 1987–1993 ) .
Longest gap between successive appearances in the top two 25 years , ( 1984–2009 ) .
Longest gap between successive appearances in the top four 14 years , ( 1995–2009 ) .
Longest gap between successive appearances in the finals 16 years , ( 1997-2013 ) .
Host team
Best finish by host team Champion : ( 1987 ) , ( 1989 , 2001 ) , ( 2017 ) and ( 2022 ) .
Worst finish by host team Group stage : ( 1997 ) and ( 2005 ) .
Defending champion
Best finish by defending champion Champion : ( 1991 , 1997 , 2001 , 2005 , 2009 , 2013 ) .
Worst finish by defending champion Quarterfinal : ( 2017 ) and ( 2022 ) .
Debuting teams
Best finish by a debuting team Champion : ( 1984 ) , ( 1987 ) and ( 1989 ) .
Other
Most finishes in the top two without ever being champion 2 , ( 1993 , 1997 ) .
Most finishes in the top four without ever being champion 6 , ( 1984-1993 , 1997 ) .
Most appearances without ever being champion 12 , ( 1984-1993 , 1997-2022 ) .
Most finishes in the top four without ever finishing in the top two 1 , ( 1997 ) , ( 2005 ) , ( 2017 ) and ( 2022 ) .
Most appearances without ever finishing in the top two 7 , ( 1997-2022 ) .
Most appearances without ever finishing in the top four 5 , ( 1997-2001 , 2009-2017 ) .
Teams that overcame tournament champion , 2013 ( 1–0 vs Germany ) .
Most played final 4 , vs ( 1989 , 1991 , 2005 , 2013 ) .
Most played match 10 , vs ( 1989 , 1991 , 1997 , 2001 , 2005 ( 2x ) , 2009 ( 2x ) , 2013 ( 2x ) ) .
Coaches : tournament position
Most championships 3 , Gero Bisanz ( , 1989–1991 , 1995 ) and Tina Theune ( , 1997–2005 ) .
Most finishes in the top two 3 , Gero Bisanz ( , 1989–1991 , 1995 ) ; Tina Theune ( , 1997–2005 ) ; Even Pellerud ( , 1991–1993 , 2013 ) .
Most finishes in the top four 4 , Gero Bisanz ( , 1989–1995 ) ; Sergio Guenza ( , 1989–1993 , 1997 ) ; Even Pellerud ( , 1991–1995 , 2013 ) .
Teams : matches played and goals scored
All time
Most matches played 46 , .
Most wins 36 , .
Fewest wins 0 , .
Most losses 20 , .
Fewest losses 2 , , , .
Most draws 8 , , .
Most goals scored 107 , .
Most goals conceded 63 , .
Fewest goals scored 1 , .
Fewest goals conceded 4 , , .
Highest goal difference +80 , .
Lowest goal difference -25 , .
In one tournament
Most wins 6 , ( 2009 ) , ( 2017 ) , ( 2022 ) .
Most goals scored 22 , , 2022 .
Most goals scored , group stage 14 , , 2022 .
Most goals scored , champions 22 , , 2022 .
Most goals scored , hosts 22 , , 2022 .
Fewest goals scored , champions 2 , , 1993 .
Fewest goals scored , hosts 1 , , 1993 .
Most goals conceded , champions 5 , , 2009 .
Fewest goals conceded , champions 0 , , 1993 .
Streaks
Most consecutive wins 19 , , from 2–0 vs Denmark ( 1997 ) to 6–2 vs England ( 2009 ) .
Most consecutive matches without a loss 26 , , from 4–1 vs England ( 1995 ) to 3–0 vs Iceland ( 2013 ) .
Most consecutive losses 6 , , from 0–5 vs Germany ( 2001 ) to 1–3 vs France ( 2013 ) .
Most consecutive matches without a win 12 , , from 1–2 vs Sweden ( 1997 ) to 1–1 vs Spain ( 2013 ) .
Most consecutive Top-scoring team 3 , ( 2001–2009 ) .
Individual
Most championships 5 , Birgit Prinz ( , 1995-2009 ) and Nadine Angerer ( , 1997-2013 ) .
Most medals 5 , Heidi Støre ( , 1987-1995 ) ; Birgit Prinz ( , 1995-2009 ) ; Nadine Angerer ( , 1997-2013 ) .
Most matches played , final tournaments 23 , Birgit Prinz ( , 1995-2009 ) .
Most matches played , including qualifying 61 , Gillian Coultard ( , 1981-2000 ) .
Most knockout games played , final tournaments 11 , Doris Fitschen ( , 1989-2001 ) and Birgit Prinz ( , 1995-2009 ) .
Most appearances in a championship final 5 , Birgit Prinz ( , 1995-2009 ) .
Most appearances as captain 11 , Katrine Pedersen ( , 2005-2013 ) .
Most tournaments as captain 5 , Heidi Støre ( , 1987-1995 ) .
Youngest player , Oksana Yakovyshyn ( ) , vs Netherlands , 23 August 2009 .
Oldest player , Sandrine Soubeyrand ( ) , vs Denmark , 22 July 2013 .
Oldest captain , Sandrine Soubeyrand ( ) , vs Denmark , 22 July 2013 .
Largest age difference on the same team , 2009 , ( Olena Mazurenko : ; Oksana Yakovyshyn : ) .
Goalscoring
Individual
Most goals scored , final tournaments 10 , Inka Grings ( , 1997–2009 ) and Birgit Prinz ( , 1995–2009 ) .
Most goals scored , qualifying 37 , Margrét Lára Viðarsdóttir ( , 2003–2019 ) .
Most goals scored , final tournaments and qualifying 42 , Carolina Morace ( , 1984–1997 ) .
Most goals scored in a tournament 6 , Inka Grings ( , 2009 ) , Beth Mead ( , 2022 ) and Alexandra Popp ( , 2022 ) .
Most goals scored in a match 4 , Marianne Pettersen ( ) , vs Denmark , 1997 .
Most goals scored in a qualifying match 7 , María Paz Vilas ( ) , vs Kazakhstan , 2013 .
Most goals scored in all final matches 5 , Birgit Prinz ( ) , 1 vs Sweden in 1995 , 1 vs Italy in 1997 , 1 vs Norway in 2005 & 2 vs England in 2009 .
Most matches with at least one goal 9 , Birgit Prinz ( , 1995–2009 ) .
Most consecutive matches with at least one goal 5 , Alexandra Popp ( , 2022 ) .
Most matches with at least two goals 3 , Heidi Mohr ( , 1991 , 1995 ) and Inka Grings ( , 2005–2009 ) .
Fastest hat-trick 18 minutes , Lena Videkull ( ) , scored at 59 ' , 61 ' and 76 ' , vs Norway , 1995 .
Fastest hat-trick from kickoff 45 minutes , Grace Geyoro ( ) , scored at 9 ' , 40 ' and 45 ' , vs Italy , 2022 .
Most tournaments with at least one goal 5 , Birgit Prinz ( , 1995–2009 ) .
Most tournaments with at least two goals 4 , Birgit Prinz ( , 1995-1997 , 2005-2009 ) .
Most tournaments with at least three goals 2 , Inka Grings ( , 2005-2009 ) .
Most tournaments with at least four goals 2 , Inka Grings ( , 2005-2009 ) .
Longest period between a player 's first and last goals : Birgit Prinz ( , 23 February 1995 – 10 September 2009 ) .
Longest period between one goal and the next : Linda Sällström ( , 3 September 2009 – 8 July 2022 ) .
Youngest goalscorer , Isabell Herlovsen ( ) , vs France , 9 June 2005 .
Youngest hat-trick scorer , Marianne Pettersen ( ) , vs Denmark , 30 June 1997 .
Youngest goalscorer , final , Birgit Prinz ( ) , vs Sweden , 26 March 1995 .
Oldest goalscorer , Julie Nelson ( ) , vs Norway , 7 July 2022 .
Oldest hat-trick scorer , Lena Videkull ( ) , vs Norway , 5 March 1995 .
Oldest goalscorer , final , Birgit Prinz ( ) , vs England , 10 September 2009 .
Fastest goal from kickoff in a final 6th minute , Malin Andersson ( ) , vs Germany , 1995 .
Latest goal from kickoff in a final 98th minute , Claudia Müller ( ) , vs Sweden , 2001 .
Team
Biggest margin of victory 8 , ( 8 ) vs ( 0 ) , 2022 .
Biggest margin of victory , qualifying match 17 , ( 17 ) vs ( 0 ) , 1995 Group 7 ; ( 17 ) vs ( 0 ) , 1997 Group 1 ; ( 17 ) vs ( 0 ) , 2013 Group 2 .
Most goals scored in a match , one team 8 , vs , 2022 .
Most goals scored in a final , both teams 8 , ( 6 ) vs ( 2 ) , 2009 .
Most goals in a tournament , one team 22 , , 2022 .
Most individual goalscorers for one team , one tournament 10 , , 2009 ( Fatmire Bajramaj , Melanie Behringer , Linda Bresonik , Inka Grings , Annike Krahn , Kim Kulig , Simone Laudehr , Anja Mittag , Célia Okoyino da Mbabi , Birgit Prinz ) .
Fewest individual goalscorers for one team , one tournament , champions 2 , , 1993 ( Birthe Hegstad , Anne Nymark Andersen ) .
Tournament
Most goals scored in a tournament 95 goals , 2022 .
Fewest goals scored in a tournament 8 goals , 1993 .
Most goals per match in a tournament 5 goals per match , 1995 .
Fewest goals per match in a tournament 2 goals per match , 1993 .
Most players scoring at least two goals in a tournament 16 , 2009 .
Most players scoring at least three goals in a tournament 5 , 2005 , 2009 and 2022 .
Most players scoring at least four goals in a tournament 3 , 1997 and 2022 .
Most players scoring at least five goals in a tournament 2 , 2022 - Beth Mead ( ) and Alexandra Popp ( ) .
Most players scoring at least six goals in a tournament 2 , 2022 - Beth Mead ( ) and Alexandra Popp ( ) .
Top-scoring teams by tournament
1984 : , 6 goals
1987 : and , 4 goals
1989 : , 5 goals
1991 : , 6 goals
1993 : , 3 goals
1995 : and , 9 goals
1997 : , 7 goals
2001 : , 13 goals
2005 : , 15 goals
2009 : , 21 goals
2013 : , 13 goals
2017 : , 13 goals
2022 : , 22 goals
Teams listed in bold won the tournament .
Goalkeeping
Most matches played , finals 17 : Hedvig Lindahl ( , 2005–2009 , 2017-2022 ) .
Most clean sheets ( matches without conceding ) 11 : Silke Rottenberg ( , 1997–2005 ) .
Most goals conceded , one tournament 14 , Rachel Brown ( , 2009 ) .
Fewest goals conceded , one tournament , champions 0 , Reidun Seth ( , 1993 ) .
Youngest goalkeeper : Eva Russo ( ) , vs Sweden , 8 April 1984 .
Oldest goalkeeper : Hedvig Lindahl ( ) , vs England , 26 July 2022 .
Coaching
Most matches coached 15 , Tina Theune ( , 1997–2005 ) and Hope Powell ( , 2001–2013 ) .
Most matches won 13 , Tina Theune ( , 1997–2005 ) .
Most matches lost 8 , Hope Powell ( , 2001–2013 ) .
Foreign championship Sarina Wiegman ( , 2022 ) .
Most tournaments 4 , Gero Bisanz ( , 1989–1995 ) , Sergio Guenza ( , 1989–1993 , 1997 ) , Even Pellerud ( , 1991–1995 , 2013 ) , Hope Powell ( , 2001–2013 ) .
Youngest coach , Hope Powell ( ) , vs Russia , 2001 .
Youngest coach , champions , Even Pellerud ( ) , vs Italy , 1993 .
Oldest coach , Kenny Shiels ( ) , vs England , 2022 .
Oldest coach , champions , Gero Bisanz ( ) , vs Sweden , 1995 .
Discipline
Most sendings off ( tournament ) 2 , 2001 ( in 15 matches ) ; 2017 and 2022 ( in 31 matches ) .
Most cautions ( tournament ) 90 , 2017 ( in 31 matches ) .
Attendance
Highest attendance in a match 87,192 , vs , 31 July 2022 , Wembley , London , United Kingdom , 2022 .
Highest attendance in a final 87,192 , vs , 31 July 2022 , Wembley , London , United Kingdom , 2022 .
Highest attendance in a qualifying match 24,835 , vs , 3 June 2016 , Roazhon Park , Rennes , France , 2017 Group 3 .
Highest average of attendance per match 18,544 , 2022 , hosted by England .
Highest attendance in a tournament 574,865 , 2022 , hosted by England .
Lowest attendance in a tournament 11,500 , 1993 , hosted by Italy .
Total and average attendance
Penalty shootouts
Most shootouts , team , all-time 4 , .
Most shootouts , team , tournament 2 , , 2013 and , 2017 .
Most shootouts , all teams , tournament 2 , 2013 and 2017 .
Most wins , team , all-time 2 , and .
Most losses , team , all-time 2 , and .
Most successful kicks , shootout , one team 8 , , vs Denmark , 1991 .
Most successful kicks , shootout , both teams 15 , ( 8 ) vs ( 7 ) , 1991 .
Most successful kicks , team , all-time 13 , ( in 3 shootouts ) .
Most successful kicks , team , tournament 8 , , 1991 ( in 1 shootouts ) .
Most successful kicks , all teams , tournament 15 , 1991 ( in 1 shootouts ) .
References
Records
International women 's association football competition records and statistics
The Death and Life of Marsha P. Johnson is a 2017 American documentary film directed by David France . It chronicles Marsha P. Johnson and Sylvia Rivera , prominent figures in gay liberation and transgender rights movement in New York City from the 1960s to the 1990s and co-founders of Street Transvestite Action Revolutionaries . The film centers on activist Victoria Cruz 's investigation into Johnson 's death in 1992 , which was initially ruled a suicide by police despite suspicious circumstances . It is France 's second film , following How to Survive a Plague ( 2012 ) .
Release
The film premiered in the documentary competition section at the Tribeca Film Festival on April 21 , 2017 . In June 2017 , Netflix acquired worldwide rights to the film . The film was released on the streaming service on October 6 , 2017 .
Reception
On review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes , the film holds an approval rating of 96 % , based on 28 reviews , and an average rating of 7.4/10 . The site 's critical consensus reads , `` The Death and Life of Marsha P. Johnson uses its belated investigation into an activist 's murder as the framework for a sobering look at the ongoing battle for equal rights . '' On Metacritic , the film has a weighted average score of 76 out of 100 , based on 11 critics , indicating `` generally favorable reviews '' .
On October 7 , 2017 , transgender filmmaker Tourmaline wrote on Instagram alleging that France appropriated her research from a grant application for her film project ( which would become Happy Birthday , Marsha ! , a narrative short ) . France denied the allegation saying that he was already well into the research for his documentary when he first became aware of Tourmaline 's work , while acknowledging that he `` witnessed the obstacles [ Tourmaline ] faces as an artist who is also a transgender woman of color , obstacles that have been far less onerous '' for him . On October 11 , a more detailed account of Tourmaline 's allegation was published on the Teen Vogue website . Subsequent investigations by Jezebel and The Advocate found no evidence in support of the allegation .
References
External links
2017 documentary films
2017 LGBT-related films
American documentary films
American LGBT-related films
African-American LGBT-related films
Transgender-related documentary films
Documentary films about LGBT culture
Documentary films about violence against LGBT people
Documentary films about New York City
Netflix original documentary films
Biographical films about LGBT people
2010s English-language films
2010s American films
Lyn Frazier ( born October 15 , 1952 , in Madison , Wisconsin ) is an experimental linguist , focusing on psycholinguistic research of adult sentence comprehension .
Frazier received her PhD in 1978 from the University of Connecticut under the supervision of Janet Dean Fodor , on the subject of parsing strategies in syntax . She is currently a Professor in the Department of Linguistics at the University of Massachusetts , Amherst . She was named the first Distinguished Graduate Mentor at University of Massachusetts and received an award from the University of Massachusetts system for Outstanding Accomplishments in Research and Creative Activity .
Frazier 's work has examined how listeners approach the task of processing the incoming language stream . She has proposed and refined syntactic parsing models , including a two-tier parsing system , the garden path model , and the Active Filler Hypothesis . Her recent work has focused on how listeners parse ellipsis .
She is co-editor of the book series Studies in Theoretical Psycholinguistics , published by Springer .
Key publications
( 2010 ) Clifton , C. , and Frazier , L. `` Imperfect ellipsis : Antecedents beyond syntax ? '' Syntax 13 ( 4 ) , 279-297 .
( 2002 ) Clifton , C. , K. Carlson and L. Frazier . `` Informative prosodic boundaries . '' Language and Speech 45 ( 2 ) , 87-114 .
( 1989 ) Frazier , L. and Clifton , C. , Jr. `` Successive cyclicity in the grammar and the parser . '' Language and Cognitive Processes , 4 ( 2 ) , 93-126 .
( 1978 ) Frazier , L. and Fodor , J.D . `` The sausage machine : A new two-stage parsing model . '' Cognition 6 , 291-325 .
References
External links
Faculty Webpage at University of Massachusetts
Living people
Linguists from the United States
University of Massachusetts faculty
Psycholinguists
Women linguists
University of Connecticut alumni
Place of birth missing ( living people )
1952 births
The following is a list of ghosts :
African folklore
Adze , Ewe vampiric being
Amadlozi , Nguni spiritual figures
Asanbosam , Akan vampire
Egbere , Yoruban malevolent spirit
Kishi , Angolan two-faced demon
Madam Koi Koi , Nigerian and East African ghost
Mbwiri , Central African demon
Obambo , Central African supernatural being
Obayifo , Ashanti vampire
Obia , West African monster
Ogbanje , Igbo evil spirit
Tikoloshe , spirit from Zulu cultures
Zar , Ethiopian demon
Asian folklore
East Asia
China
Hungry ghost
Mogwai
Vengeful ghost
Wangliang
Yaoguai
Korea
Korean virgin ghost
Egg ghost
Japan
Ayakashi
Chōchin-obake
Funayūrei
Gashadokuro
Goryō
Hitodama
Ikiryō
Inugami
Kuchisake-onna
Mononoke
Mujina
Noppera-bō
Nure-onna
Obake
Ochimusha
Onryō
Raijū
Rokurokubi
Shikigami
Shinigami
Shirime
Shiryō
Tsukumogami
Ubume
Umibōzu
Yōkai
Yōsei
Yuki-onna
Yūrei
Zashiki-warashi
South Asia
India
Daayan
Chetkin
Churel
Challava
Naagin
Nale Ba
Pishacha
Preta
Pūtam
Vetala
Yakshini
Sri Lanka
Asura
Bodilima
Devil Bird
Gara yaka
Holnab
Kalu Kumara
Kola Sanni Yaka
Kumbanda
Maha Sohona
Mala preta
Mara
Pisacha
Preta
Riri yaka
Suniyam yaka
Yaksha
Nepal
Banjhakri and Banjhakrini
Kichkandi
Raakebhoot
Pakistan
Churel
Pichal Peri
Bangladesh
Bhrommo Doitto
Bhoot
Dayniburi
Daynii
Doitoo
Geccho Bhoot
Kana Bhola
Khuqqush
Jukkho
Meccho Bhoot
Mamdo Bhoot
Nishi
Petni
Pishach
Shakchunni
Southeast Asia
Indonesia/Malaysia
Babi Ngepet
Hantu Air
Hantu Bongkok
Hantu Raya
Hantu Tinggi
Jenglot
Kuntilanak , also called Matianak or Pontianak ( folklore )
Langsuyar
Leyak
Orang Bunian
Orang Minyak
Pelesit
Penanggalan
Pocong
Sundel bolong
Toyol
Wewe Gombel
Myanmar
Nat
Peik-ta
Thayé
Philippines
Aswang
Kapre
Manananggal
Tiyanak
Thailand
Krasue
Krahang
Mae Nak
Nang Takian
Nang Tani
Phi Pop
Middle East folklore
Egyptian and Arabic
Hatif
Ifrit
Persian
Div
Marid
Turkish
Basty
Gelin
Hortdan
Kormos
Jewish mythology
Dybbuk
Mazzikin
European folklore
The Headless Horseman
The Wild Hunt
White Lady
Finland
Grey Lady , believed to haunt the Mustio Manor ( ) in Karis , Raseborg
Graeco-Roman
Genius loci
Shade
Vrykolakas
Malta
Black Knight , believed to haunt Fort Manoel
Blue Lady , believed to haunt Verdala Palace
Grey Lady , believed to haunt Fort St Angelo
Katarina , believed to haunt Mdina
Romania
Iele , feminine mythical creatures
Moroi , a type of vampire or ghost
Muma Pădurii , an ugly and mean old woman living in the forest
Pricolici , similar to Strigoi , but for worse souls
Samca , an evil spirit , said to curse children and pregnant women with illness
Spiriduş , a domestic spirit/familiar that when summoned , acts as an intermediate between the devil and the master of the home
Stafie , spirits of the dead who are bound to a place in which they lived in life ; a poltergeist
Strigoi , troubled souls of the dead rising from the grave
Vâlvă , feminine nature spirits that control various phenomena . Can be good or bad
Vântoase , female spirits of the wind
Zmeu , a fantastic creature
Scandinavia
Knights of Ålleberg , are the ghosts of twelve knights that died in the Battle of Ålleberg in 1389
Landvættir
Myling , a child ghost
Slavic folklore
Baba Yaga
Countess Báthory allegedly haunts her former castle at Čachtice
Dhampir
Dvorovoi
Dziwożona
Kikimora
Sava Savanović
Spain
The ghost of Catalina Lercaro in the Museum of the History of Tenerife
Santa Compaña
United Kingdom
Agnes Sampson , known as Bloody Agnes , believed to haunt Holyrood Palace
Bloody Mary
The Brown Lady
Cock Lane ghost ( called `` Scratching Fanny '' ) received massive public attention in 18th-century England
Drummer of Tedworth
Dullahan , similar to the headless horseman
The ghost nun of Borley Rectory
The ghost of Anne Boleyn , reportedly seen at the Tower of London
Grey Lady , a ghost believed to haunt Glamis Castle
Man in Grey of the Theatre Royal
Nan Tuck 's Ghost , believed to haunt Nan Tuck 's Lane , one mile from Buxted
Sweet William 's Ghost
North American
Canada
Aeneas Shaw 's daughter , Sophia allegedly haunts Queenston , Ontario
Alexander Keith allegedly haunts his brewery in Halifax , Nova Scotia
Charles Melville Hays allegedly haunts Château Laurier in Ottawa , Ontario
The Dungarvon Whooper is a ghost believed to haunt Blackville , New Brunswick
Emily Carr allegedly haunts James Bay Inn in Victoria , British Columbia
Francis Nicholson Darke allegedly haunts Darke Hall in Regina , Saskatchewan
The Headless Nun is a purported ghost believed to haunt French Fort Cove in Nordin , New Brunswick
Lady in Red
Minnie Hopkins , wife of Edward Nicholas Hopkins , allegedly haunts Hopkins Dining Parlour in Moose Jaw , Saskatchewan
Nils von Schoultz allegedly haunts Fort Henry in Kingston , Ontario
White Lady
Caribbean
Douen
Duppy
Hupia
Jumbee
Lwa
Phantome
Soucouyant
United States
The Bell Witch was a poltergeist said to haunt the family of John Bell near the town of Adams , Tennessee in 1817 . The spirit was said to have manifested itself as various animals and a disembodied voice and cited Bible scripture . The Bell Witch partly inspired The Blair Witch Project and the events of her story were depicted in the film An American Haunting
Emily , the ghost of a young girl who supposedly haunts a covered bridge in Stowe , Vermont . The bridge is dubbed `` Emily 's Bridge '' and she is said to be seen only at midnight
Joe Bush , a legendary ghost that allegedly haunts the Sumpter Valley Gold Dredge in Sumpter , Oregon . He is said to leave wet , bare footprints on the decks of the dredge , cause lights to flicker , and doors to open and close
The ghost of Resurrection Mary allegedly haunts roads and buildings around Resurrection Cemetery near Justice , Illinois , a suburb of Chicago .
Ghost of Queen Esther , the ghost of an Iroquois woman who allegedly mourns the massacre of her village in Pennsylvania .
Ghosts of the American Civil War
Greenbrier Ghost , the alleged ghost of a young woman in Greenbrier County , West Virginia . In a court trial , the woman 's mother claimed that her daughter 's ghost told her she had been murdered .
Kate Morgan , a ghost which is said to haunt the Hotel del Coronado in Coronado , California
Lady in Red
Minnie Quay , a legendary ghost of Michigan
Old Book is the name given to a ghost or spirit which allegedly haunts a cemetery at Peoria State Hospital in Bartonville , Illinois
Pedro Benedit Horruytiner , colonial governor of Florida . Alleged encounters with his ghost have been reported there
President Abraham Lincoln 's ghost has been reported in the White House numerous times , many of those by prominent people such as President Theodore Roosevelt , First Lady Grace Coolidge , Queen Wilhelmina of the Netherlands , and Winston Churchill
The Red Lady of Huntingdon College is a ghost believed to haunt the former Pratt Hall dormitory at Huntingdon College in Montgomery , Alabama
The Ridgeway Ghost of Wisconsin Folklore , is believed to terrorize people along a 25-mile stretch of old mining road
Slag Pile Annie , a ghost said to appear as an elderly woman working in a remote and hard-to-access location in the former Jones and Laughlin Steel Corporation mill in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania
The Wizard Clip was a ghost said to have clipped articles of clothing and visitor 's hair at a home in Middleway , WV after a Catholic traveler died there in 1794 without receiving any Last rites
White Lady
Other urban legends
The Bell Witch
Vanishing hitchhiker
Mexico
South American folklore
La Llorona , a ghost of Latin American folklore who is said to have murdered her children
Sayona , a Venezuelan vengeful spirit who appears to unfaithful husbands
Sihuanaba , a shapeshifting spirit of Central America who lures men into danger before revealing her face to be that of a horse or a skull
The Silbón , a legendary figure in Colombia and Venezuela , described as a lost soul
Oceania
Australia
Frederick Baker ( `` Frederick Federici '' ) of Princess Theatre , Melbourne
Monte Cristo Homestead of Junee , New South Wales ; allegedly Australia 's most haunted house
List of reportedly haunted locations
Canada
Colombia
France
Mexico
Philippines
Romania
Scotland
South Africa
United Kingdom
United States
San Francisco
Washington DC
Ghosts by culture
Asia
Chinese
Korea
Japan
Vietnam
Thai
Malay
Filipino
India
Bengali
Sri Lanka
Others
English speaking cultures
Mesopotamian
Mexico
Polynesian
Maori
Spanish speaking cultures
Popular culture
Television and film
Adam , and Barbara Maitland from the 1988 film Beetlejuice
Agatha Prenderghast , a character from the stop-motion animated film , ParaNorman
Annie Sawyer and Alex Millar from the television series Being Human , and Matt Bolton from the spin-off Becoming Human
Archibald Corduroy , Ma and Pa Duskerton and the unnamed lumberjack from Gravity Falls
Billy Joe Cobra , a ghost from the French/British animated television series , Dude , That 's My Ghost !
Carrie Krueger , an emo ghost from Cartoon Network 's The Amazing World of Gumball
Casper the Friendly Ghost and his uncles , the Ghostly Trio also known as of Fatso , Stinky , and Stretch
Danny Phantom
The Dead Men of Dunharrow in J.R.R . Tolkien 's The Lord of the Rings . Also the Nazgûl in the same work ; nine former men resurrected as wraiths to do Sauron 's bidding
The Flying Dutchman , a pirate ghost from SpongeBob SquarePants
Ghosts ( 2019 TV Series ) : Kitty , Thomas Thorne , Julian Fawcett , Lady Fanny Button , Pat Butcher and Humphrey
The Grudge : Kayako Saeki , the onryo , and her homicidal husband Takeo Saeki , the evil yurei
Harry Potter series :
The Bloody Baron
The Fat Friar
The Grey Lady
Moaning Myrtle
Peeves the Poltergeist
Professor Cuthbert Binns
Sir Nicholas de Mimsy-Porpington , aka Nearly Headless Nick
Sir Patrick Delaney-Podmore
Ghost Princess from Cartoon Network 's Adventure Time
High-Five Ghost , a friend of Muscle Man from Cartoon Network 's Regular Show
Lonesome Ghosts from the Mickey Mouse series
Marty Hopkirk , in the BBC series Randall and Hopkirk ( deceased ) also known as My Partner the Ghost in the USA
Penny Halliwell , Patricia `` Patty '' Halliwell from Charmed
Phantasma Phantom , a laughter prone musically talented ghost girl from the 1988 movie Scooby-Doo and the Ghoul School
Reverend Henry Kane and the other ghosts from the Poltergeist film series
Omiyo , or Ghost-chan , a ghost that haunts the Hinata family 's basement in the anime Keroro Gunso
Ruby Gloom ( Canadian TV series ) ghosts :
Booboo , a young ghost and a regular inhabitant of the house , enjoys spooking but generally is not able to scare the other members of the household
`` The Whites '' , two mature and rather heavyset male ghosts , call each other by the name `` Mr. White '' . They have some rank in the ghostly realm and are Booboo 's superiors . Both wear sunglasses but one wears a tie
Sam Wheat , a character from the 1990 film Ghost
Slimer from Ghostbusters and its sequel
Spectra Vondergeist , daughter of the ghosts from Monster High
Tenkuuji Takeru , protagonist of Kamen Rider Ghost . The ghosts of fifteen significant historical figures also appear in the series
Comics
The Gay Ghost , later renamed the Grim Ghost , is a DC Comics superhero
Gentleman Ghost is a DC Comics supervillain
Ghost , the superhero from Dark Horse Comics
Homer the Happy Ghost , a fictional character published by Atlas Comics in the 1950s
Reimi Sugimoto , her dog Arnold and , later , Jean Pierre Polnareff from JoJo 's Bizarre Adventure
Spooky the Tuff Little Ghost , a comic book and animation ghost related to Casper
Timmy the Timid Ghost , a comic book ghost
Literature
Banquo from William Shakespeare 's 1606 play Macbeth
The Canterville Ghost of Oscar Wilde 's popular 1887 short story of the same name
Captain Daniel Gregg , a sea captain from the 1945 novel , The Ghost of Captain Gregg and Mrs. Muir , later adapted into a 1947 film and 1968–1970 television series
Charles Dickens 1843 novel A Christmas Carol which includes Jacob Marley , The Ghost of Christmas Past , Ghost of Christmas Present , and the Ghost of Christmas Yet to Come
Emily , a ghost from the single volume graphic novel Anya 's Ghost by Vera Brosgol
The Flying Dutchman , originally from A Voyage to Botany Bay ( 1795 ) by George Barrington
Hamlet 's father from William Shakespeare 's play Hamlet
Hugh Crain from the 1959 novel The Haunting of Hill House , its 1963 film adaption and the 1999 remake
The Little Ghost Godfrey a Swedish children 's book character
Marion and George Kerby , ghosts who haunt Cosmo Topper in the two novels by Thorne Smith , the film Topper and its sequels Topper Takes a Trip and Topper Returns , and the television series Topper
Nicky , Tara , Mr and Mrs Roland and Phears from the Mostly Ghostly book series by R.L . Stine
Video games
Boo ( formerly Boo Diddley ) and King Boo , an enemy in the Mario series of games .
LeChuck of the series of graphic adventure games Monkey Island
Pac-Man 's ghosts Blinky ( red ) , Pinky ( pink ) , Inky ( blue ) and Clyde ( orange ) and Sue
Mettaton and Napstablook from 2015 video game Undertale . The former is a ghost inside a robot body and the latter is Mettaton 's cousin , who makes `` spook remixes ''
See also
Fear of ghosts
Ghost films
Ghost hunting
Ghost ships
Ghost stories
Ghost trains
Haunted houses
Poltergeist
References
External links
Ghosts
The dark-throated seedeater ( Sporophila ruficollis ) is a bird species in the family Thraupidae ( formerly in Emberizidae ) . It is found in Argentina , Bolivia , Brazil , Paraguay , and Uruguay ( where it can still be found at the Quebrada de los Cuervos ) .
Its natural habitats are dry savanna and subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland . It is becoming rare due to habitat loss .
References
dark-throated seedeater
Birds of Argentina
Birds of Paraguay
Birds of Uruguay
dark-throated seedeater
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Julian Youth Academy ( JYA ) was a fully accredited , private Christian boarding school located in Shasta County , California . JYA was a program of Teen Rescue , Inc. , a nationwide support service that has worked with over 15,000 families since 1989 . An all-girls boarding school , JYA helped teen girls in need of regular supervision . JYA provided an individualized education program , coaching , intervention , parent-training support groups , a high staff-to-student ratio , and aftercare support .
News
The campus burned in 2003 . The owners tried to rebuild , but faced legal battles with San Diego County .
As regards an October 2007 hearing conducted by the United States Government Accountability Office , the school was mentioned among the statement presented before the hearing panel .
In 2011 a mummified baby was found on the campus in Shasta County . It belonged to a staff member , who told the police that she had n't fed the baby when it was born .
Julian Youth Academy now operates under River View Christian Academy .
References
Defunct schools in California
Therapeutic boarding schools in the United States
Roberto Romanini ( born 11 April 1966 ) is an Italian lightweight rower . He won a gold medal at the 1989 World Rowing Championships in Bled with the lightweight men 's eight .
References
1966 births
Living people
Italian male rowers
World Rowing Championships medalists for Italy
Tschappina is a municipality in the Viamala Region in the Swiss canton of Graubünden .
History
Tschappina is first mentioned in 1396 as in Schipinen .
Geography
Tschappina has an area , , of . Of this area , 42.2 % is used for agricultural purposes , while 26.8 % is forested . Of the rest of the land , 1 % is settled ( buildings or roads ) and the remainder ( 30 % ) is non-productive ( rivers , glaciers or mountains ) .
Before 2017 , the municipality was located in the Thusis sub-district , of the Hinterrhein district , after 2017 it was part of the Viamala Region . It consists of scattered settlements over the upper Heinzenberg mountains , at an elevation of . It consists of the settlements of Unter- and Ober-Tschappina , Ober Gmeind , Usser and Inner Glas .
Demographics
Tschappina has a population ( as of ) of . , 4.9 % of the population was made up of foreign nationals . Over the last 10 years the population has decreased at a rate of -1.8 % .
, the gender distribution of the population was 53.1 % male and 46.9 % female . The age distribution , , in Tschappina is ; 20 people or 13.2 % of the population are between 0 and 9 years old . 14 people or 9.3 % are 10 to 14 , and 7 people or 4.6 % are 15 to 19 . Of the adult population , 8 people or 5.3 % of the population are between 20 and 29 years old . 21 people or 13.9 % are 30 to 39 , 24 people or 15.9 % are 40 to 49 , and 21 people or 13.9 % are 50 to 59 . The senior population distribution is 15 people or 9.9 % of the population are between 60 and 69 years old , 10 people or 6.6 % are 70 to 79 , there are 10 people or 6.6 % who are 80 to 89 , and there is 1 person who is 90 to 99 .
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the SVP which received 54.2 % of the vote . The next three most popular parties were the SPS ( 16.4 % ) , the FDP ( 12.6 % ) and the CVP ( 9.3 % ) .
In Tschappina about 71.6 % of the population ( between age 25–64 ) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education ( either university or a Fachhochschule ) .
Tschappina has an unemployment rate of 0.39 % . , there were 54 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 23 businesses involved in this sector . 4 people are employed in the secondary sector and there are 2 businesses in this sector . 19 people are employed in the tertiary sector , with 7 businesses in this sector .
The historical population is given in the following table :
Languages
Most of the population ( ) speaks German ( 98.0 % ) , with Romansh being second most common ( 1.3 % ) and Portuguese being third ( 0.7 % ) .
References
External links
Official website
Municipalities of Graubünden
Ski areas and resorts in Switzerland
Pegusa is a genus of soles native to the Eastern Atlantic Ocean , Mediterranean Sea , and Black Sea .
Species
The currently recognized species in this genus are :
Pegusa cadenati Chabanaud , 1954 ( Cadenat 's sole )
Pegusa impar ( E. T. Bennett , 1831 ) ( Adriatic sole )
Pegusa lascaris ( A. Risso , 1810 ) ( sand sole )
Pegusa nasuta ( Pallas , 1814 ) ( blackhand sole )
Pegusa triophthalma ( Bleeker , 1863 ) ( Cyclope sole )
References
Soleidae
Marine fish genera
Taxa named by Albert Günther
William Everard ( December 1819 – 25 August 1889 ) was a South Australian businessman and politician .
Everard was the son of Dr. Charles George Everard M.P . ( 1794 – 30 March 1876 ) and his wife Catherine ( 1786 – 21 December 1866 ) , originally of London .
The family , which included his mother and brothers Charles John Everard ( ca.1822 – 22 July 1892 ) and James George ( died 3 May 1840 , aged 15 ) , arrived in Adelaide on the ship under Captain John Finlay Duff in 1836 . His father was one of the first eighteen elected to South Australia 's unicameral Legislative Council in 1839 .
By 1843 William and his brother Charles were farming a jointly-owned property in Myponga , while Dr. C. G. Everard was developing his properties `` Ashford '' and `` Marshfield '' , to the west and east of the Bay Road respectively , and comprising much of the land between Keswick and Glenelg . Dr. Everard was the first colonist to grow wheat , on one of his City selections on Morphett Street .
Business
For twenty years he was a Director of the National Bank
Director of the Trust and Agency Company
Director and for a time chairman of South Australian Mutual Life Assurance Society
Chairman of the Board of Directors of the City of Adelaide Land and Investment Co. Ltd .
Director of Adelaide , Payneham and Paradise Tramway Company
Director and Chairman of Adelaide and Goodwood Tramway Company
Director and Chairman City of Adelaide Land and Investment Co. Ltd .
connected with the Largs Bay Land and Investment Company
associated with Lavington Glyde , Abraham Abrahams , and other gentlemen in working the well-known Talisker Mine
He was one of the original purchasers of town acres , and the family held a large area of city property . The land on which the Bank of New South Wales and the Adelaide Club now stand belonged to Everard at one time , and also the acre now occupied by the Government Offices in Victoria Square .
Civic , cultural and charitable activities
He was appointed Justice of the Peace in 1863
He was a member of
Board of South Australian Institute from 1869 then the Public Library , Art Gallery and Museum
Council of Adelaide University from its inception in 1874 until his death
Board of Management of the Botanic Gardens from 1865
Central Road Board from 1863 to 1868
Unitarian Christian Church . In 1889 he sold to the Church trustees a portion of his city Section 302 on Wakefield Street , valued by the Commissioner of Taxes at £3,000 , for the reduced sum of £560 and allowed an additional £150 off this for the Building Fund . He also contributed generously towards the minister 's stipend and travelling costs of the first minister ( Rev . J. Crawford Woods ) . He was a member of several Church charitable committees alongside Mrs. Everard was on a committee with Emily Clark , Mrs. J. C. Woods , Mrs. William Kay , Miss Kate Kay and Catherine Helen Spence .
Politics
Everard was elected to the South Australian House of Assembly for the district of Encounter Bay on 6 March 1865 , succeeding John Lindsay , along with David Sutherland .
At the general election of 1868 , Everard was returned for the same constituency , this time with Neville Blyth
Everard did not stand for the sixth Parliament , then was returned to his old seat in December 1871 , with Thomas Reynolds as his colleague . He was unseated on petition in February 1872 by the Court of Disputed Returns , which ended his connection with the Assembly .
Fourteen months later , Everard was elected a member of the Legislative Council , in company with Sir Henry Ayers , Alexander Hay , T. Hogarth , J. Fisher , R. A. Tarlton , and Walter Duffield , and continued as one of the eighteen members of the Upper House , who were elected by the whole province acting as one electoral district , until he vacated his seat on 1 August 1878 .
While a member of parliament , Everard served in three Ministries :
As Commissioner of Public Works in the Hart Administration , which was formed in September 1868 , then in the Ayers Ministry on 13 October following . Besides John Hart , his colleagues in that short-lived Ministry were Neville Blyth , J. T. Bagot and W. Townsend .
From 22 July 1873 to 3 June 1875 , Everard was Commissioner of Crown Lands and Immigration in the Arthur Blyth Ministry . His other colleagues in that Ministry , at various times , were the Crown Solicitor ( Hon . C. Mann , Q.C . ) , Mr. Justice Bundey , and the Hons . J. C. Bray , G. C. Hawker , H. E. Bright , and Lavington Glyde .
When Boucaut reconstructed his Cabinet on 25 March 1876 , Everard was included as Minister of Education , succeeding Ebenezer Ward .
His obituary in the South Australian Register noted :
`` Although his career as a politician was not distinguished in any special manner , Mr. Everard was undoubtedly an Independent and honest member and a hardworking and trustworthy Minister of the Crown . In every sense of the word he proved himself a worthy citizen and colonist . ''
Recognition
The Hundred of Everard ( County of Stanley ) , the locality of Everard Central , Mount Everard in the Musgrave Ranges , Lake Everard ( near Lake Gairdner ) and Everard Creek ( now the Diamantina River ) were named for William .
Family
5 March 1857 , at Hanover Square , he married Maria Hughes , sister of William Hughes F.R.G.S. , a well known geographer and author .
Their property `` Ashford '' of on Bay Road is now the suburb of Ashford on the Anzac Highway , Adelaide .
Everard 's sister Eliza married her cousin , Ralf Everard Lucy , son of William Lucy and Elizabeth Everard , who died 31 March 1860 in Hillsley near Wotton under Edge , Gloucestershire .
Everard 's brother Charles John 's first wife , also named Eliza , died 18 September 1850 aged 26 ; he married again , in Hawkesbury , Gloucestershire , to his cousin Charlotte Everard Lucy , on 23 March 1854 . Their home was `` Marshfield '' , a property of on the east side of Bay Road ( originally owned by Dr. C. G. Everard ) . His children William Francis ( 1855–1915 ) , Eliza Catherine ( 1857–1966 ) and Rosa Maria ( 1860–1935 ) inherited Marshfield , progressively selling off sections to support themselves . Part of the original property is now the suburb of Everard Park . By 1908 the two sisters had been declared insolvent ; William Francis Everard 's widow disposed of what remained of his share , now a large part of the suburb of Keswick .
References
|-
|-
|-
1819 births
1889 deaths
South Australian politicians
Adelaide Club
19th-century Australian politicians
19th-century Australian businesspeople
Members of the South Australian House of Assembly
Members of the South Australian Legislative Council
Mehdi Bazargan ( ; 1 September 1907 – 20 January 1995 ) was an Iranian scholar , academic , long-time pro-democracy activist and head of Iran 's interim government . He was appointed prime minister in February 1979 by Ayatollah Khomeini , making him Iran 's first prime minister after the Iranian Revolution of 1979 . He resigned his position in November of the same year , in protest at the US Embassy takeover and as an acknowledgement of his government 's failure in preventing it .
He was the head of the first engineering department of University of Tehran .
Early life and education
Bazargan was born into an Azerbaijani family in Tehran on 1 September 1907 . His father , Hajj Abbasqoli Tabrizi ( died 1954 ) was a self-made merchant and a religious activist in bazaar guilds .
Bazargan went to France to receive university education through an Iranian government scholarship during the reign of Reza Shah . He attended Lycée Georges Clemenceau in Nantes and was a classmate of Abdollah Riazi . Bazargan then studied thermodynamics and engineering at the École Centrale des Arts et Manufactures ( École Centrale Paris ) .
Following his return to Iran , Bazargan was called up for conscription , and served from 1935 to 1937 . According to Houchang Chehabi , Bazargan was firstly tasked with shifting pebbles in a barracks but was then moved to translate technical articles from French .
Career
After his graduation , Bazargan became the head of the first engineering department at Tehran University in the late 1940s . He was a deputy minister under Premier Mohammad Mosaddegh in the 1950s . Bazargan served as the first Iranian head of the National Iranian Oil Company under the administration of Prime Minister Mosaddegh .
Bazargan co-founded the Liberation Movement of Iran in 1961 , a party similar in its program to Mossadegh 's National Front . Although he accepted the Shah , Mohammad Reza Pahlavi , as the legitimate head of state , he was jailed several times on political grounds .
Iranian Revolution
On 4 February 1979 , Bazargan was appointed prime minister of Iran by Ayatollah Khomeini . He was seen as one of the democratic and liberal figureheads of the revolution who came into conflict with the more radical religious leaders – including Khomeini himself – as the revolution progressed . Although pious , Bazargan initially disputed the name Islamic Republic , wanting an Islamic Democratic Republic . He had also been a supporter of the original ( non-theocratic ) revolutionary draft constitution , and opposed the Assembly of Experts for Constitution and the constitution they wrote that was eventually adopted as Iran 's constitution . Seeing his government 's lack of power , in March 1979 , he submitted his resignation to Ayatollah Khomeini . Khomeini did not accept his resignation , and in April 1979 , he and his cabinet members were reported to have escaped an assassination attempt .
Bazargan resigned , along with his cabinet , on 4 November 1979 , following the US Embassy takeover and hostage-taking . His resignation was considered a protest against the hostage-taking and a recognition of his government 's inability to free the hostages , but it was also clear that his hopes for liberal democracy and accommodation with the West would not prevail .
Bazargan continued in Iranian politics as a member of the first Parliament ( Majles ) of the newly formed Islamic Republic . He openly opposed Iran 's cultural revolution and continued to advocate civil rule and democracy . In November 1982 , he expressed his frustration with the direction the Islamic Revolution had taken in an open letter to the then speaker of parliament Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani .
The government has created an atmosphere of terror , fear , revenge and national disintegration . ... What has the ruling elite done in nearly four years , besides bringing death and destruction , packing the prisons and the cemeteries in every city , creating long queues , shortages , high prices , unemployment , poverty , homeless people , repetitious slogans and a dark future ?
His term as a member of parliament lasted until 1984 . During his term , he served as a lawmaker of the Iran Freedom Movement , which he had founded in 1961 , and which was abolished in 1990 . In 1985 , the Council of Guardians denied Bazargan 's petition to run for president .
Views
Bazargan is a respected figure within the ranks of modern Muslim thinkers , known as a representative of liberal-democratic Islamic thought and a thinker who emphasized the necessity of constitutional and democratic policies . In the immediate aftermath of the revolution Bazargan led a faction that opposed the Revolutionary Council dominated by the Islamic Republican Party and personalities such as Ayatollah Mohammad Hossein Beheshti . He opposed the continuation of the Iran–Iraq War and the involvement of Islamists in all aspects of politics , economy and society . Consequently , he faced harassment from militants and young revolutionaries within Iran .
Attacks
During the Pahlavi era , Bazargan 's house in Tehran was bombed on 8 April 1978 . The underground committee for revenge , a state-financed organization , proclaimed the responsibility of the bombing .
Laws of social evolution
Bazargan is known for some of the earliest work in human thermodynamics , as found in his 1946 chapter `` A Physiological Analysis of Human Thermodynamics '' and his 1956 book Love and Worship : Human Thermodynamics , the latter of which being written while in prison , in which he attempted to show that religion and worship are a byproduct of evolution , as explained in English naturalist Charles Darwin 's On the Origin of Species ( 1859 ) , and that the true laws of society are based on the laws of thermodynamics .
Death
Bazargan died of a heart attack on 20 January 1995 in Switzerland . He died at a hospital in Zürich after collapsing at the airport . He was travelling to the United States for heart surgery .
Personal life
Bazargan married Malak Tabatabai in 1939 . They had five children , two sons and three daughters .
See also
Intellectual movements in Iran
Iranian Committee for the Defense of Freedom and Human Rights
References
Further reading
External links
20th-century Iranian engineers
1907 births
1995 deaths
École Centrale Paris alumni
Iranian scholars
Politicians from Tehran
University of Tehran faculty
Iranian expatriates in France
Iranian democracy activists
Iranian dissidents
Prime Ministers of Iran
Foreign ministers of Iran
Government ministers of Iran
People of the Iranian Revolution
Iranian revolutionaries
Iranian people of World War II
Deputies of Tehran , Rey , Shemiranat and Eslamshahr
Members of the 1st Islamic Consultative Assembly
Iranian Azerbaijanis
National Front ( Iran ) politicians
Iran Party politicians
Council of the Islamic Revolution members
Members of the Iranian Committee for the Defense of Freedom and Human Rights
Members of the Association for Defense of Freedom and the Sovereignty of the Iranian Nation
Secretaries-general of the Freedom Movement of Iran
Freedom Movement of Iran MPs
Burials in Qom
Burials at Fatima Masumeh Shrine
The barycentric celestial reference system ( BCRS ) is a coordinate system used in astrometry to specify the location and motions of astronomical objects . It was created in 2000 by the International Astronomical Union ( IAU ) to be the global standard reference system for objects located outside the gravitational vicinity of Earth : planets , moons , and other Solar System bodies , stars and other objects in the Milky Way galaxy , and extra-galactic objects .
The geocentric celestial reference system ( GCRS ) , also created by the IAU in 2000 , is a similar standard coordinate system used to specify the location and motions of near-Earth objects , such as satellites .
These systems make it easier for scientists and engineers to compile , share , compare , and convert accurate measurements worldwide , by establishing standards both of measure and of methodology , and providing a consistent framework of operations . The focus of the BCRS is on astronomy : exploration of the Solar System and the universe . The BCRS is the system currently used for expressing positional data in astronomical references , such as the Hipparcos star catalog .
The focus of the GCRS is somewhat more on the navigation of Earth satellites and the geophysical applications they support . The proper functioning of the Global Positioning System ( GPS ) is directly dependent upon the accuracy of satellite measurements as supported by the GCRS .
Purpose and implementation
The BCRS was designed to support the extremely-high-precision measurements of position and motion required in astrometry . One critical factor in achieving that precision lies in how general relativistic effects are determined and measured . Both systems incorporate standards that enable the consistency and ready comparability of the resulting spacetime coordinates among astrometric measurements taken worldwide . They provide a metric tensor to establish a consistent frame of reference for observations . The tensor achieves consistency in part through its standardization of the reference point for gravity .
The geocentric system is simpler , being smaller and involving few massive objects : that coordinate system defines its center as the center of mass of the Earth itself . The barycentric system can be loosely thought of as being centered on the Sun , but the Solar System is more complicated . Even the much smaller planets exert gravitational force upon the Sun , causing it to shift position slightly as they orbit . Those shifts are very large in comparison to the measurement precisions that are required for astrometry . Thus , the BCRS defines its center of coordinates as the center of mass of the entire Solar System , its barycenter . This stable point for gravity helps to minimize relativistic effects from any observational frames of reference within the Solar System .
Relationship to other standards
ICRS
The orientation of the BCRS coordinate system coincides with that of the International Celestial Reference System ( ICRS ) . Both are centered at the barycenter of the Solar System , and both `` point '' in the same direction . That is , their axes are aligned with that of the International Celestial Reference Frame ( ICRF ) , which was adopted as a standard by the IAU two years earlier ( 1998 ) . The motivation of the ICRF is to define what `` direction '' means in space , by fixing its orientation in relation to the Celestial sphere , that is , to deep-space background . Speaking casually , it does not move in relation to the stars and galaxies ; it does not rotate .
Determining perfect immobilization of direction is not possible in practice , but we can get much closer than it is even possible for us to measure . The more distant an object is , the less its direction appears to move in relation to us ( the parallax effect ) . The ICRF thus uses very distant objects , well outside our galaxy , to establish its directional points of reference . The chosen objects also emit radio wavelengths , which are less subject than other wavelengths to being obscured by celestial gas in front of them . The ICRF adopts coordinates for 212 defining objects , mostly quasars , fixing its orientation with respect to them .
HCRF
The Hipparcos Celestial Reference Frame ( HCRF ) was similar to ICRF , but earlier , used in association with the Hipparcos satellite , which functioned between 1989 and 1993 . That satellite took copious stellar parallax measurements at accuracies exceeding anything otherwise available at the time , thus producing a catalog of stars still in wide use today . No such extensive mapping has yet been completed based upon subsequent improvements in measurement capability . With lower precision then , and at optical wavelengths , the ICRS and BCRS can also be specified using the HCRF . That is the means by which BCRS can be used in relation to the Hipparcos star catalog .
Conversion of coordinates
The BCRS and GCRS were also designed so as to make transformations of their coordinates between themselves and other reference systems possible , though the conversions are not by any means straightforward . There are two software libraries of IAU-sanctioned algorithms for manipulating and transforming among the BCRS and other reference systems : the Standards of Fundamental Astronomy ( SOFA ) system and the Naval Observatory Vector Astrometry Subroutines ( NOVAS ) .
The orientation of the BCRS/ICRS axes also align within 0.02 arcsecond of the Earth 's mean equator and equinox for the Fifth Fundamental Catalog ( FK5 ) J2000.0 epoch .
See also
Barycentric Coordinate Time
Geocentric Coordinate Time
Earth-centered inertial
Gaia Celestial Reference Frame
Topocentric coordinates
References
Further reading
IAU ( 2000 ) , Resolution B1.3 : Definition of barycentric celestial reference system and geocentric celestial reference system
External links
Standards of Fundamental Astronomy ( SOFA )
Naval Observatory Vector Astrometry Software ( NOVAS )
Astronomical coordinate systems
Astrometry
Bullzip PDF printer is a proprietary application for converting documents into Portable Document Format ( PDF ) from any application running on Microsoft Windows operating systems that can print .
Features
The Bullzip PDF Printer works by creating a virtual printer in the operating systems that prints to PDF files instead of paper . This practically allows any application to create PDF files from the print menu . The virtual printer employs Ghostscript in order to translate the document into the Portable Document Format , and requires Ghostscript 9.0 or later . It can be viewed as a printer option in your printing properties once installed .
Bullzip PDF Printer is available in a free version that comes with an adware toolbar . This free version is limited to 10 users for commercial use . There is also a commercial version called bioPDF .
A feature of this software is its ability to password protect PDF files during creation with 128/40 encryption .
PDF Studio
Bullzip also publish free software `` PDF Studio '' which can view PDFs and merge , search , print , split , delete , and move pages .
See also
List of PDF software
References
External links
Reviews
BullZip PDF Printer ( Review ) by Edward Mendelson , PC Magazine , August 17 , 2007
Replace Adobe Reader and Its Replacements with Bullzip byJon L. Jacobi , PC World , January 16 , 2009
BioPDF PDF Writer : Basically Bullzip , And That 's Great by Jon L. Jacobi , PC World , January 30 , 2009
PDF software
Hoeyang County is a kun , or county , in Kangwŏn province , North Korea . It was established in a general reorganization of local government in 1952 .
Geography
The county 's area is primarily mountainous , with the Taebaek and Kwangju ranges both passing through the county . Two basins , the Hoeyang Basin and Changdo Basin , interrupt the rugged terrain . The highest point is Piryubong on Kŭmgangsan . The chief local stream is the Pukhan River , which flows south and east into South Korea . The climate is continental , with extremely cold winters .
Administrative divisions
Hoeyang county is divided into 1 ŭp ( town ) and 23 ri ( villages ) :
Economy
The chief local industry is agriculture , although the terrain does not permit rice to be cultivated ; instead , local crops include barley , wheat , oats , millet , maize , soybeans , and potatoes . Cattle are also raised . The maize-based yŏt candy from the district is widely known . Local mines work to extract the deposits of tungsten , barite , molybdenum , graphite , gold , silver , and lead found in the county .
Transportation
Hoeyang is served by roads , and also by the Kŭmgangsan Ch'ŏngnyŏn Line of the Korean State Railway .
See also
Geography of North Korea
Administrative divisions of North Korea
Kangwon ( North Korea )
External links
Counties of Kangwon Province ( North Korea )
zh : 淮陽郡
Gordon Shepherd may refer to :
Gordon Shepherd ( football chairman ) ( born 1935 ) , current chairman of Barnsley F.C .
Gordon G. Shepherd , Canadian space scientist
Gordon M. Shepherd ( born 1933 ) , Yale University professor of neuroscience and neurobiology
See also
Gordon Strachey Shephard ( 1885–1918 ) , British Royal Flying Corps commander and sailor
Mäebe may refer to several places in Estonia :
Mäebe , Saare County , village in Estonia
Mäebe , former name of Viidu-Mäebe village , Saare County , village in Estonia
The Fast and the Furious : Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is the first of two soundtracks to Rob Cohen 's 2001 action film The Fast and the Furious . It was released on June 5 , 2001 , via Murder Inc Records/Def Jam Recordings/Universal Music Group . Production was handled mostly by Irv Gotti , as well as twelve other record producers , including Channel 7 , Damizza , Nick `` Fury '' Loftin and Swizz Beatz . It features contributions from the film star Ja Rule , along with Armageddon , Ashanti , Black Child , Boo & Gotti , Caddillac Tah , DMX , Faith Evans , Fat Joe , Funkmaster Flex , Limp Bizkit , Method Man , Nate Dogg , N.O.R.E. , O-1 , Petey Pablo , Redman , R. Kelly , Scarface , Shade Sheist , Tank and Vita . The album reached number seven on the Billboard 200 , number five on the Top R & B/Hip-Hop Albums , and went platinum in 2002 in both the United States and Canada .
The lone single released from the soundtrack is `` Put It On Me '' . Official music videos were done for `` Put It On Me '' , `` Furious '' by Ja Rule , `` POV City Anthem '' by Cadillac Tah , `` Good Life ( Remix ) '' by Faith Evans and `` Justify My Love '' by Vita .
Track listing
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
References
External links
2001 soundtrack albums
Hip hop soundtracks
Fast & Furious albums
Action film soundtracks
Adventure film soundtracks
Albums produced by R. Kelly
Albums produced by Irv Gotti
Albums produced by Swizz Beatz
This is a list of Dutch television related events from 2016 .
Events
29 January - Maan de Steenwinkel wins the sixth series of The Voice of Holland .
1 April - 13-year-old Esmée Schreurs wins the fifth series of The Voice Kids .
3 June - 18-year-old singer Nick Nicolai wins the 8th series of Holland 's Got Talent .
8 June - Nina den Hartog wins the fifth series of Idols .
Debuts
23 March - Idols ( 2002-2008 , 2016–present )
Television shows
1950s
NOS Journaal ( 1956–present )
1970s
Sesamstraat ( 1976–present )
1980s
Jeugdjournaal ( 1981–present )
Het Klokhuis ( 1988–present )
1990s
Goede tijden , slechte tijden ( 1990–present )
2000s
X Factor ( 2006–present )
Holland 's Got Talent ( 2008–present )
2010s
The Voice of Holland ( 2010–present )
Ending this year
Births
Deaths
See also
2016 in the Netherlands
Mysteriet på Greveholm ( `` The Mystery at Greveholm '' ) was the 1996 Swedish SVT Christmas Calendar production . It was released on VHS in October 1997 and on DVD 19 November 2001 . It was voted the best Julkalender ever in Aftonbladet in 2007 . A video game with the same name was released in 1997 , and two sequels in 1998 ( Mysteriet på Greveholm 2 : Resan till Planutus ) and 2000 ( Mysteriet på Greveholm 3 : Den gamla legenden ) .
The 2012 Julkalender , Grevens återkomst , is a sequel to Mysteriet på Greveholm .
Premise
The plot follows a family deciding to spend their Christmas on the country . They intend to rent a small house , but stumble across an old castle . Mistaking two thieves for the owners they `` rent '' the abandoned castle . Soon their children , Ivar and Lillan , discover that the castle is haunted . At first the ghost seems to be evil , but soon the children ( who are intrigued instead of terrified ) befriend it . However , there is something else in the castle : something even the ghosts are frightened of .
Plot
Leif ( Peter Fridh ) is being blamed by SVT and the newspapers of Sweden for causing a satellite to come out of its regular orbit causing a complete blackout of Sweden 's public service channels much to the annoyance of his dentist wife Astrid ( Anna-Lena Brundin ) . Meanwhile , a disgruntled man ( Carl-Åke Eriksson ) is renting out his house due to being fed up by the hauntings in the neighbouring castle . Astrid reads his advertisement and goes to look for the house , but ends up mistaking the castle for the house .
Two incompetent burglars , Rolf and Ralf , are trying to break into the castle . They are mistaken by Astrid for the owners , and they `` rent '' it to her . Astrid brings Leif and their children Ivar , Lillan and teenager Melitta to the castle and they settle in , much to Melitta 's dismay . It becomes apparent that two ghosts , Jean and Staffan , inhabit the castle and are desperate to keep living people away . They try to frighten the family away , but Astrid , Leif and Melitta ignore them , and Ivar and Lillan become fascinated and try to find proof of their existence . A friend of Lillan hands over a device that calculates electronic activity and tells her that he has read that ghosts generate electric fields .
Cast
Anna Lena Brundin as Astrid Olsson
Peter Fridh as Leif Olsson
Hanna Malmberg as Melitta Olsson
Gustaf Åkerblom as Ivar Olsson
Linn Bülow as Lillan Olsson
Sven Ahlström as Jean ( ghost )
Pierre Lindstedt as Staffan ( ghost )
Andreas Andersson as Måns ( paper-boy )
Gösta Engström as Rolf ( thief )
Claes Åström as Ralf ( thief )
Monica Stenbeck as Anna-Britta ( grandmother )
Svante Lodén as the taxi driver
Carl-Åke Eriksson as the neighbour
Beata Heuman as Anna ( the girl next door )
Isidor Torkar as the teacher
Emy Storm as the lady teacher
Rune Bergman as Count von Dy , the demonic villain
Anagil de Melo Nascimento as the princess Dioda
Keijo Salmela as Glada laxen ( tomte )
Arne Weise as himself
Production
The outdoor scenes were recorded at Hjularöd Castle in the Eslöv Municipality , and the indoor scenes were filmed at SVT 's studio in Malmö . The music was written and performed by the Swedish band The Creeps .
Episodes
Hus att hyra ( House to rent )
Ett märkligt slott ( A strange castle )
Spökchock ( Ghost shock )
Att tämja ett spöke ( To tame a ghost )
En konstig familj ( A strange family )
Fällan ( The trap )
Drängen och betjänten ( The horse keeper and the servant )
Ögonmått och synvinkel ( Tools )
Oväntat besök ( Unexpected visits )
Greve von Dy : s menuett ( Count von Dy 's minuet )
Skattjakten ( The treasure hunt )
Spöktimmen ( The hour of the ghost )
Skånes fulaste Lucia ( Scania 's ugliest Lucia )
Skatten ( The treasure )
Lekande lätt ( Easy )
Melittas nya vänner ( Melitta 's new friends )
Det var en gång ... ( Once upon a time ... )
Spejaren ( The tracker )
En riktig hjälte ( A real hero )
Lillan får en idé ( Lillan gets an idea )
Den sista striden ( The final battle )
Dioda ( Dioda )
Dan före dan ( The day before Christmas )
Jul på Greveholm ( Christmas at Greveholm )
References
External links
Sveriges Television 's Christmas calendar
1996 Swedish television series debuts
1997 video games
1990s Swedish television series
1996 Swedish television series endings
Hermann Jäger ( 7 October 1815 – 5 January 1890 ) was born at Münchenbernsdorf , Saxony ( now Germany ) . A botanist specializing in medicinal plants and horticulture , he was Associate Editor of the journal Gartenflora , founded in 1852 by Eduard von Regel , from 1857 until his death .
Career
Jäger trained in horticulture at the Belvedere gardens in Weimar . He travelled to Italy in 1840 , then studied at the Jardin du Luxembourg in Paris , where he specialized in pomology . After visiting Belgium and England , Jäger returned to the Belvedere , then worked for a short time at the botanical garden in Berlin . In 1844 , he was engaged as a gardener at the Botanical Garden in Erlangen , where in 1873 he was appointed Director by the Grand Duke of Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach .
Death
Jäger died aged 74 at Eisenach on 5 January 1890 .
Legacy
Jäger created many parks , but spent most of his time writing books on horticulture . His Lehrbuch der Gartenkunst ( : Textbook of Garden Art ) published in 1877 enjoyed much success .
Publications
Jäger , H. & Beissner . ( 1884 ) Ziergeholze der Garten und Parkanlagen : Alphabetische geordnete beschreibung , Kultur und Verwendung Aller bis jetzt naher bekannten Holzpflanzen und ihrer Abarten , Welche in Deutschland und Landern von gleichem Klima im freien gezogen werden konnen ... ein handbuch fur Gartner , Baumschulen- und Gartenbesitzer , Forstmanner , etc . Edition 2 . Abbreviation : Ziergehloze Gart . Park. , ed . 2 . B. F. Voigt , Weimar .
Jäger , H. ( 1890 ) Der Apothekergarten : Anleitung zur Kultur und Behandlung der in Deutschland zu siehenden medicinischen . Cohen , Hannover .
Jäger , H. Gartenkunst und Gärten sonst und jetzt : Handbuch für Gärtner , Architekten und Liebhaber , Berlin : Parey , 1888 .
Jäger , H. 1882 . Katechismus der Rosenzucht . Vollständige Anleitung über Zucht , Behandlung und Verwendung der Rosen im Lande und in Töpfen Leipzig : Weber
Jäger , H. 1877 . Katechismus der Ziergärtnerei oder Belehrung über Anlage , Ausschmückung und Unterhaltung der Gärten Leipzig : Weber
Jäger was also responsible for overseeing the following :
Illustrirte Bibliothek des landwirthschaftlichen Gartenbaues für Gärtner , Landwirthe und Gartenbesitzer . Mit besonderer Berücksichtigung des Obst- und Gemüsebaues sowie des Gartenbetriebes in Frankreich und England . Erste Abth . : Der Praktische Obstgärtner in drei Bänden :
Vol . 1 : Die Baumschule . Vollständige Anleitung zur Anzucht der Obstbäume zum Betriebe der Baumschulen im Grossen und Kleinen und zur Gewinnung neuer Obstsorten aus Samen. , 2 éd. , Leipzig , Otto Spamer , 1860 , 239 pp .
Vol . 2 : Der Obstbaumschnitt
Vol . 3 : Der Obstbau , Leipzig , Otto Spamer , 1860
External links
Hermann Jaeger ( IPNI )
Description du jardin botanique d'Erfurt par H. Jäger , in : Gartenflora , vol . 7 , pp . 54–57 , 1858
References
1815 births
1890 deaths
19th-century German botanists
People from Greiz ( district )
Steven Douglas Symms ( born April 23 , 1938 ) is an American politician and lobbyist who served as a four-term congressman ( 1973–81 ) and two-term U.S . Senator ( 1981–93 ) , representing Idaho . He is a partner at Parry , Romani , DeConcini & Symms , a lobbying firm in Washington , D.C .
Early life and education
Symms attended public schools in Canyon County and graduated from Caldwell High School in 1956 . He studied horticulture at the University of Idaho in Moscow , where he was a reserve center on the football team and was a member of Sigma Nu fraternity . He graduated in 1960 with a B.S . in agriculture , then served in the United States Marine Corps for three years , after which he worked as a private pilot and apple farmer . From 1969 to 1972 , he was co-editor of the college newspaper , The Idaho Compass .
Career
Congress
In 1972 , Symms ran for Congress , highlighting his career as an apple farmer by using the slogan `` Take a bite out of big government ! '' He was elected to the open seat in the United States House of Representatives at age 34 and was re-elected three times . He ran for the United States Senate in 1980 . Aided by national funding , he unseated four-term incumbent Democrat Frank Church , winning by less than one percent . Symms was re-elected in 1986 , defeating Democratic Governor John V. Evans in another hard-fought and close election .
Symms was one of several Republican senators who , in 1981 , called into the White House to express discontent over the nomination of Sandra Day O'Connor to the Supreme Court ; the opposition hinged over the issue of O'Connor 's presumed unwillingness to overturn Roe v. Wade .
During the 1988 U.S. presidential election , Symms claimed in a radio interview that a photograph existed from the 1960s showing Kitty Dukakis , the wife of Democratic presidential candidate Michael Dukakis , burning an American flag to protest the Vietnam War . Kitty Dukakis angrily denied the accusation as `` totally false and beneath contempt , '' and Symms later admitted that he could not substantiate it . Nevertheless , the claim became national news , as media outlets began searching for the photograph Symms said he had `` heard '' about . The flag-burning story was one of several false rumors about Dukakis that circulated during the 1988 campaign . `` Mr. Symms 's comment was the third time in a few days that prominent Republicans have publicly aired allegations that the Democrats have swiftly rebutted , '' The New York Times reported .
According to Salon magazine , during Symms ' time in Washington , he `` gained something of a sexual legend over his eight years in the House that grew larger once he was in the Senate ; it was widely known among reporters that he was a big-time D.C. party animal and could be seen most evenings in the company of a woman other than his wife , Fran . She in fact was a kind , sweet woman who suffered terribly from arthritis and could n't socialize much . Most of the state 's political reporters knew about the situation but figured it was no one 's business unless Symms made it an issue . However , when Fran finally had enough and divorced him , the emergent details of his philandering - and the ensuing shelled-out poll numbers - persuaded him to not pursue reelection in 1992 . ''
Symms was also one of the six senators who voted against the Americans With Disabilities Act of 1990 .
Symms chose not to seek a third term in 1992 and was succeeded by the Republican mayor of Boise , Dirk Kempthorne , a future two-term Idaho governor and United States Secretary of the Interior .
Later career
After leaving the U.S. Senate in 1993 , Symms founded Symms , Lehn Associates , Inc. , a consulting firm . In January 1999 , he partnered with John Haddow and formed Symms & Haddow Associates , a lobbying firm . In January 2001 , the firm joined forces with Romano Romani and former Senator Dennis DeConcini of Parry , Romani & DeConcini to form Parry , Romani , DeConcini & Symms .
Personal life
Prior to his senior year at the University of Idaho , Symms married Frances E. `` Fran '' Stockdale of Helena , Montana , in August 1959 . They had four children , a son and three daughters . Following his re-election in 1986 , the couple separated , and their divorce was finalized in 1990 . Although Symms declined to comment on the reason for the divorce , he was dogged by rumors of infidelity during his 1980s campaigns , claims which were eventually substantiated by his former wife . Symms married Loretta Mathes Fuller in 1992 , a former aide and later the Deputy Sergeant of Arms of the U.S. Senate .
Symms is a cousin of former Oregon congressman Denny Smith .
Elections
References
External links
Lobby Congress.com – biography from Parry , Romani DeConcini & Symms
Steve Symms at SourceWatch
American lobbyists
Farmers from Idaho
Journalists from Idaho
United States Marine Corps officers
University of Idaho alumni
Idaho Vandals football players
American aviators
People from Caldwell , Idaho
1938 births
Living people
Republican Party United States senators from Idaho
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Idaho
People from Nampa , Idaho
Psallus ambiguus is a Palearctic species of true bug
References
Phylini
Hemiptera of Europe
Insects described in 1807
Sir Albert Gerald Stern ( September 24 , 1878 – January 2 , 1966 ) was a banker who became the Secretary of the Landship Committee during World War I , where his organisational ability assisted the Committee in creating the first British tank .
During the war he came into conflict with the War Office but had the advantage of direct access to the Prime Minister , and no civil service career to protect . He was removed from direct involvement in the production of tanks and sidelined .
Early life
Born the second son of James Julius Stern , a part of the Jewish European Stern Banking dynasty , Albert Stern was educated at Eton and Christ Church , Oxford before entering the family business , becoming known in the City of London as `` The Holy Terror '' . Although he negotiated a large loan to the sultan of Morocco , Albert Stern had no real flair as a merchant banker .
At the outbreak of the First World War he tried to join the armed forces but experienced difficulty doing so due to a weak ankle . He offered to supply the Admiralty with an armoured car at his own expense and was eventually commissioned as a lieutenant in the Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve at the end of 1914 , when he joined the Armoured Car Division of the Royal Naval Air Service .
Landship Committee
Stern originally became involved with landships as an assistant to Flight Commander Thomas Hetherington , RNAS . In 1915 he became Secretary of the Landship Committee . In February 1916 David Lloyd George appointed him head of what became known as the Mechanical Warfare Supply Department , under the Ministry of Munitions , which controlled the procurement and supply of tanks . Stern was transferred to the Army where he eventually attained the rank of Lieutenant-Colonel . Stern believed in the application of business methods to war production with the minimum of interference from professional soldiers .
Stern and the chairman of the committee , Eustace d'Eyncourt ( Director of Naval Construction and designer of many of the Royal Navy 's latest ships ) , attempted to use their influence with Lloyd George to influence the employment of tanks . However , neither had a military background nor had they spent much time on the frontline , and GHQ became irritated at their interference in their affairs .
Stern was removed from his post and given the task of co-ordinating an Allied tank , which resulted in the Tank Mark VIII , a few of which were built towards the end of the war .
Special Vehicle Development Committee
Until the creation in 1939 of the Ministry of Supply , the War Office had issued specifications for weapons it required and then chose from the proposals submitted in response by manufacturers . In the case of tank production there were only two manufacturers with the required skills : Vickers and the Royal Arsenal , Woolwich .
Leslie Burgin , the Minister of Supply , was worried about the ongoing expansion of the German armoured forces and realised that he needed the help of an expert in tank warfare who could understand the army 's requirements . He therefore selected Stern , who was now 62 . Stern was on the boards of the Midland Bank , the Clydesdale Bank , and the Bank of Romania . He was also helping to prevent the Germans ' attempts to take over the Romanian oil industry .
When he was approached to talk to Burgin about tanks , he seized the opportunity since he too had been worrying about the type of tank that the army would need in the forthcoming war . He met General Sir Maurice Taylor , the Ministry 's chief military advisor , but the meeting did not go well since Taylor said he was satisfied with the state of Britain 's tank development . However , Taylor 's assistant , General Davidson , told Stern of his concerns about the lack of investment in tank production in a private meeting .
When Stern reported back to Burgin , he appointed Stern the head of the Special Vehicle Development Committee . Stern then began selecting the members of the committee , including many people who had been part of the development of the tank during World War I , including former Director of Naval Construction , Eustace d'Eyncourt , Sir Ernest Swinton ( now a director of Citroën ) , engine designer Harry Ricardo , and the gearbox and transmission expert Major W G Wilson . Unsurprisingly they got the nickname `` The Old Gang '' . It soon became obvious that the SVDC lacked power , but General Ironside , Chief of the Imperial General Staff , was helpful . Aware of the inadequacy of the tank designs currently in service , he assisted the committee in finding accommodation where they could produce an initial tank specification .
TOG 1 & TOG 2
Together they proposed the development of a `` heavy tank '' design , the TOG 1 , an acronym for `` The Old Gang '' , which was the Committee 's nickname for themselves . Production was carried out by another of the first tank 's developers and builders , Sir William Tritton of Foster 's of Lincoln .
Designed with trench crossing abilities to the fore and the capability to carry infantry as well , the design was a large hull with side doors supported on broad tracks , with a small turret on top . The prototype TOG 1 was delivered in October 1940 . After problems with the electro-mechanical drive , it was converted to hydraulic drive , a process that took until May 1943 after which it was called TOG 1A . The prototype was sent to Chobham and then seems to have disappeared into history .
The second design to come out of the SVDC , the TOG 2 was similar to the TOG 1 and kept many of its features , but mounted the latest tank gun , the QF 17-pounder ( 76.2 mm ) . Instead of the track path arrangement of the TOG 1 which was like that of the First World War British tanks , the track path was lower on the return run and the doors were above the tracks . It was ordered in 1940 , and built by Foster 's of Lincoln , and the prototype ran for the first time in March 1941 .
Although fitted with the same electro-mechanical drive as the TOG 1 , the TOG 2 used twin generators and no problems were reported . It was modified to include among other things a change from the unsprung tracks for a torsion bar suspension and as the TOG 2 * was successfully trialled in May 1943 . No further development occurred , although a shorter version , the TOG 2 ( R ) was mooted . The TOG 2 can be seen at the Bovington Tank Museum .
Unfortunately , once Winston Churchill – with whom Stern had had a blazing row in 1917 – took over as Prime Minister on 10 May 1940 , Stern and the work of the SVDC were sidelined . Despite this , the SVDC went on to develop specifications for a cruiser tank which was vigorously promoted by Stern .
The Tog design was also sidelined by the good cross-country performance of the Churchill tank which had been designed by Harland and Wolff ( and subsequently improved by Vauxhall Motors ) to cross shelled ground .
Honours
Stern was made a Companion of the Order of St Michael and St George in the 1917 New Year Honours , and was made a Knight Commander of the Order of the British Empire in the 1918 Birthday Honours .
He became High Sheriff of Kent and a Deputy Lieutenant for Kent in 1952 .
Personal life
In 1922 Stern married Helen Orr-Lewis , daughter of Sir Frederick Orr-Lewis , 1st Baronet , upon his permission after meeting her in the south of France on diplomatic business , since she was underage at the time . They had two sons and two daughters . His brother , Sir Frederick Claude Stern , was an accomplished horticulturist and botanist .
References
1878 births
1966 deaths
Alumni of Christ Church , Oxford
British Jews
British bankers
Companions of the Order of St Michael and St George
History of the tank
Knights Commander of the Order of the British Empire
People educated at Eton College
High Sheriffs of Kent
Deputy Lieutenants of Kent
Stern family ( banking )
Lieutenant General Cyril Albert Clowes , ( 11 March 1892 – 19 May 1968 ) was an Australian soldier . He won the first land victory against the Japanese in the Second World War , at the Battle of Milne Bay , New Guinea . Like many other senior officers involved in the Papuan campaign , he was then transferred to a less important posting by General Sir Thomas Blamey .
Early life and First World War
Clowes was born at Warwick in Queensland , and entered the Royal Military College , Duntroon in 1911 . In August 1914 he graduated and was appointed lieutenant in the Australian Imperial Force ( AIF ) with a commission in the Permanent Military Force . Posted to the 1st Field Artillery Brigade , he landed at Gallipoli on 25 April 1915 , serving as a forward observation officer and directing naval gunfire against Turkish positions . He was wounded at Gallipoli . After he recuperated Clowes was promoted to captain in the 2nd Divisional Artillery in Egypt during January 1916 .
On the Western Front during 1916 , Clowes served as the 2nd Division 's Trench Mortar Officer and was awarded the Military Cross . He received a promotion to major in January 1917 and the following year was awarded the Distinguished Service Order for his work at Villers-Bretonneux . He returned to Australia in April 1919 , and left the AIF in late June .
Inter war years
In 1920 Clowes took up a post as instructor at Duntroon , and remained there until 1925 . That year he married Eva Magennis , and moved to Brisbane . There Clowes undertook staff , training , and command duties until 1930 . He filled similar positions in Sydney and Darwin until , in 1936 , he was promoted to lieutenant colonel . He went to England and completed a gunnery staff course , before returning to Australia as the Chief Instructor at Sydney 's School of Artillery . In August 1939 he was given command of Australia 's 6th Military District , receiving a promotion to colonel .
Second World War
When the Second World War began , Clowes was made a temporary brigadier in the AIF , and in April 1940 was appointed commander of the Royal Australian Artillery , I Corps . Clowes performed very well under pressure in directing the fighting withdrawal at Pinios Gorge , Greece , in April 1941 . The Germans were attempting to drive a wedge between Greek units and the allied force sent to their aid . Clowes was successful in holding the gorge against a strong German tank attack , until the situation on other parts of the front stabilised .
Although Greece fell and the campaign was a failure , Clowes ' tactics minimised casualties in the withdrawal of the allied force . This battle saw the beginning of a problem that would dog Clowes ' career – disputes between his superior General Sir Thomas Blamey , and Blamey 's Chief of Staff , Colonel Sydney Rowell , a personal friend of Clowes . Clowes returned to Australia in January 1942 , was promoted to temporary Major General , and given command of the 1st Division .
Milne Force
In May 1942 General Douglas MacArthur , Allied Commander in Chief of the South West Pacific Area ( C in C SWPA ) , ordered the construction of an airfield at Milne Bay , at the eastern tip of New Guinea . His intention was to use this and other new airfields to attempt the reconquest of Rabaul , taken by the Japanese early in the war . However the airfield would also be a prize for the Japanese to attack . Once taken it could be a base for bombing sorties over the cities of south eastern Australia . MacArthur requested Thomas Blamey send troops to secure the construction site .
Initially a militia brigade was dispatched . As building progressed this was progressively reinforced with regular troops . Once buildup was complete , the garrison assumed the name Milne Force , and Clowes , now promoted to Major General , was given command . He reached Milne Bay and assumed command of the Australian troops there just four days before the Japanese began landing , beginning the Battle of Milne Bay .
Battle of Milne Bay
The Japanese made their initial landing on 25 August 1942 under Commander Yoshihide Hayashi .
By dawn of 26 August , the Japanese had reached KB Mission . A counterattack by the 61st Militia Battalion drove the Japanese from KB Mission , however after six hours of intense fighting , the militia withdrew to the Gama River . Clowes ordered the Australian 2/10th Infantry Battalion to the Gama River , where they attacked . The Japanese troops and the supporting tanks inflicted severe casualties on the 2/10th , which was forced to retreat to north of No . 3 Strip ( under construction ) , on 27 August . The 25th Battalion held the Japanese back and a two-day lull followed .
On 29 August 768 Japanese marine reinforcements were landed with Commander Minoru Yano , who took over from Hayashi . On 31 August at 3:00am , three banzai charges were repelled at No . 3 Strip with withering machine gun and mortar fire from Milne Force . The Australians launched a counteroffensive at 9:00am on 31 August , and pushed the Japanese along the north coast of Milne Bay . By 4 September Japanese resistance was suicidal in intensity .
On 5 September , the Japanese high command ordered a withdrawal . On 6 September the offensive reached the main camp of the Japanese landing force . That night most Japanese survivors were evacuated . Some , trying to reach the Japanese beachhead at Buna through the mountains , were intercepted and routed .
Difficulties at Milne Bay
Milne Bay is a very high rainfall area , and the all-pervading mud made transport a constant problem for Clowes . He had no barges or four-wheel drive vehicles for moving troops around . Milne Force included the highly trained 18th Infantry Brigade of the Australian 7th Division , but also the inexperienced and poorly-equipped 7th Militia Brigade . Of the total force of 8,824 , only about 4,500 were infantry .
Several times during the battle , urgent signals arrived from MacArthur and Blamey , warning of imminent Japanese reinforcements , and urging him to pursue and exterminate the enemy landing force immediately . However , Clowes ' original orders confirmed that his priority was holding the completed airstrip at Gili Gili . He maintained a defensive perimeter there which was never penetrated , even while taking the fight to the enemy at some distance from this base . MacArthur was responding to inaccurate intelligence . Clowes had no choice but to heed the new intelligence , and try to relocate his forces to deal with threats that in fact did not materialise .
At one point Rowell received orders from Blamey that the `` landed force must be attacked with the greatest vigor and destroyed as soon as possible '' . Rowell refused to relay this to Clowes , and instead wrote `` Confident you have the situation well in hand and will administer stern punishment '' .
Relieved of command
MacArthur and Thomas Blamey determined that rather than being commended and rewarded for the victory , Clowes should be relieved of his command and sidelined for the duration of the war , for showing insufficient `` vigour '' . Blamey wrote to Sydney Rowell , now Clowes ' superior officer in Port Moresby :
Blamey subsequently sacked Rowell and shortly after , Rowell 's friend Clowes . Clowes returned to Australia in 1943 and held various postings until the end of the war .
Later life
Clowes retired from the Army with the rank of lieutenant general in June 1949 . His chief staff officer at Milne Bay , Colonel Fred Chilton , said he was
He was known as `` Silent '' Cyril Clowes . In A Bastard of a Place : The Australians in Papua , Australian historian Peter Brune explained why ;
Clowes died on 19 May 1968 at Repatriation General Hospital , Heidelberg , Melbourne .
Notes
References
External links
Who 's who in Australian Military History – Australian War Memorial
|-
1892 births
1968 deaths
Military personnel from Queensland
Australian Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
Australian Companions of the Distinguished Service Order
Australian generals
Australian military personnel of World War I
Australian Army personnel of World War II
Australian recipients of the Military Cross
People educated at Toowoomba Grammar School
People from Warwick , Queensland
Royal Military College , Duntroon graduates
Ipso jure is a Latin phrase , directly translated as `` by the law itself '' . It is used as an adverb .
Usage
The phrase is used to describe legal consequences that occur by the act of the law itself . For example , if property is held in a tenancy by the entirety by a husband and wife , who then get divorced , the property is converted ipso jure ( i.e . by the law itself ) into another form of tenancy , usually a tenancy in common , at the very instant the marriage is dissolved . Likewise , contracts that establish partnerships sometimes provide that the partnership is ipso jure dissolved if one partner attempts to sell his or her interest in the partnership . In all of these situations , when one legally significant fact occurs , other relationships are automatically changed by the law .
See also
Latae sententiae
Operation of law
List of Latin phrases
References
Latin legal terminology
Latin philosophical phrases
Latin logical phrases
Legal reasoning
Ruthie on the Telephone is an American comedy television series that was broadcast on the CBS Television network at 7:55pm ET from August 7 to November 5 , 1949 .
The show was written by Goodman Ace and sponsored by Phillip Morris cigarettes . Each episode was only five minutes long . Ruthie on the Telephone was preceded by CBS Television News at 7:30pm ET , and by The Sonny Kendis Show at 7:45pm ET .
Synopsis
The series features a young lady , Ruthie ( Ruth Gilbert ) , trying to convince a man , Richard ( Phillip Reed ) to love her via a telephone call . The series used a split-screen technique to depict the telephone conversation .
Reception
Billboard magazine called the show funny , and complimented the split-screen effect .
See also
1949-50 United States network television schedule
References
External links
Ruthie on the Telephone at TV Acres
1949 American television series debuts
1949 American television series endings
1940s American comedy television series
CBS original programming
Black-and-white American television shows
English-language television shows
Asfand Yar Khan Kakar is an ethnic Pashtun tribesmen , is a Member of the Provincial Assembly of Balochistan , Pakistan , native of Tehsil Barshore of District Pishin , and Head of Kakar Tribe . His affiliation is with Pakistan Peoples Party and Minister for Food within its provincial cabinet .
References
Living people
Balochistan MPAs 2008–2013
Pakistan People 's Party politicians
Politicians from Balochistan , Pakistan
Pashtun people
People from Pishin District
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Abacus.AI is an Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning platform headquartered in the San Francisco Bay Area .
Description
Initially known as RealityEngines.AI , the company was founded by Bindu Reddy , Arvind Sundararajan , and Siddartha Naidu in 2019 . Abacus.AI markets using the terms artificial intelligence and machine learning . The company raised $ 5.3 million in seed funding round led by Eric Schmidt in 2019 . In 2020 , it raised $ 13 million led by Index Ventures ( changing its name to Abacus.AI in January ) , and $ 22 million led by Coatue . In 2021 , it raised $ 50 million led by Tiger Global Management .
Technology
Abacus.AI can be used to set up data pipelines , specify custom machine learning specific transformations , train models and deploy and monitor them , and build deep learning systems . In addition to the core platform , Abacus.AI provides use-case specific workflows including personalization , forecasting , and anomaly detection . The company has invented several neural architecture search methods that can create custom neural networks from data sets based on a specific use-case .
Abacus.AI is able to connect to various data sources including S3 , Google Cloud and Azure which makes it easy to set up data transformations for machine learning . Once the data is transformed , Abacus.AI utilizes neural architecture search ( NAS ) techniques to create a custom neural network based on the dataset provided and the use-case . The data is given to the platform then evaluated to determine which “ tool ” ( NAS ) is best suited for that use-case . Different use-cases such as demand forecasting , churn reduction , and name entity recognition will use different NAS techniques to provide the best model . For example , for incident detection , Abacus.AI uses a technique called variational encoders .
Abacus.AI uses an autonomous AI generation service , announced in January 2020 . While this might lead to neural networks not being trained with data that is relevant to a customer , Abacus.AI says it creates synthetic data that augments the original dataset , and then trains a deep learning model on the combined dataset .
This AI service uses generative adversarial network ( GAN ) , a technique that generates new similar data given a training set . They further improved this technique using data augmentation ( DAGAN ) , creating synthetic data sets when not enough data is available for training .
This service was originally confined to the automatic models . However , in August 2021 , this service was expanded to any TensorFlow or PyTorch model . This allowed the platform to take in data in a streaming fashion providing companies the ability stream real-time events like clickstream data ( a user 's online activity ) , online purchases , social media interactions , media views from websites and “ internet of things ” sensors . This data can then be used to train the models similar to the processes mentioned .
Research
Abacus.AI published research papers at the Conference on Neural Information Processing Systems . Synthetic Benchmarks for Scientific Research in Explainable Machine Learning releases XAI-Bench , a suite of synthetic data sets that can be configured and re-engineered to simulate real-world date . NAS-Bench-x11 and the Power of Learning Curves explores singular value decomposition and noise modeling to create surrogate benchmarks and delves into the learning curve extrapolation framework . How Powerful are Performance Predictors in Neural Architecture Search is the first large-scale study of performance predictors with an analysis of 31 techniques . A Study on Encodings for Neural Architecture Search proposed a way to encode a neural network architecture to be efficiently manipulated by a search algorithm . Intra-Processing Methods for Debiasing Neural Networks laid the foundations for the platform 's debiasing services .
Other published papers include An Analysis of Super-Neut Heuristics in Weight-Sharing NAS on TPAMI , Learning by Turning : Neural Architecture Aware Optimization on ICML , BANANAS : Bayesian Optimization with Neural Architectures for Neural Architecture Search on AAAI , and Exploring the Loss of Landscape in Neural Architecture Search on UAI .
These research findings served as the groundwork for the techniques utilized by Abacus.AI . Additionally , they have used these techniques in the Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition ( CVPR ) .
References
Artificial intelligence
Companies established in 2019
Mohd Fazliata bin Taib ( born 10 December 1985 , in Changlun , Kedah ) is a Malaysian footballer who plays for Felcra in the Malaysia Premier League , primarily as a centre back but he is also capable of playing as a right full back when required .
References
1985 births
Living people
Malaysian footballers
Negeri Sembilan FA players
Association football defenders
People from Kedah
This Is Hampton Hawes ( subtitled Vol . 2 , The Trio ) is an album by pianist Hampton Hawes recorded at sessions in 1955 and 1956 and released on the Contemporary label .
Reception
The Allmusic review states `` this Hampton Hawes date would certainly make good company for any other top jazz piano trio records in your collection '' .
Track listing
`` You and the Night and the Music '' ( Arthur Schwartz , Howard Dietz ) - 3:45
`` Stella by Starlight '' ( Victor Young , Ned Washington ) - 4:52
`` Blues for Jacque '' ( Hampton Hawes ) - 4:34
`` Yesterdays '' ( Jerome Kern , Otto Harbach ) - 4:53
`` Steeplechase '' ( Charlie Parker ) - 2:51
`` 'Round About Midnight '' ( Thelonious Monk ) - 5:21
`` Just Squeeze Me '' ( Duke Ellington ) - 6:31
`` Autumn in New York '' ( Vernon Duke ) - 5:19
`` Section Blues '' ( Red Mitchell , Chuck Thompson ) - 4:12
Recorded at Los Angeles Police Academy in Chavez Ravine on June 28 , 1955 ( track 7 ) and at Contemporary 's Studio in Los Angeles , California on December 3 , 1955 ( tracks 2 , 4 , 5 , 8 & 9 ) and January 25 , 1956 ( tracks 1 , 3 & 6 )
Personnel
Hampton Hawes - piano
Red Mitchell - bass
Chuck Thompson - drums
References
Contemporary Records albums
Hampton Hawes albums
1956 albums
Sure Love may refer to :
Sure Love ( album ) , a 1992 album by Hal Ketchum
Sure Love ( Hal Ketchum song )
Sure Love ( Jarryd James song )
George Osmond ( May 23 , 1836 – March 25 , 1913 ) was a leader in The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints ( LDS Church ) , as well as a judge and state senator in Wyoming , and the ancestor of the musical Osmond family .
Osmond was born in London , England . In 1850 he became a shipbuilder 's apprentice in Woolwich . It was from fellow apprentices that he first heard of the LDS Church and was baptized on November 27 , 1850 . In 1854 he sailed in the Clara Wheeler to New Orleans and then went to St. Louis where he worked for James Eads . In 1855 while still in St. Louis Osmond married Georgina Huckvale .
In 1855 Osmond and his wife went to Utah Territory . They first settled in Bountiful and later moved to Willard . In 1864 , they moved to the vicinity of Bear Lake in the town of Bloomington , Idaho .
Osmond served as bishop in Bloomington for seven years , and then as a counselor to William Budge in the presidency of the Bear Lake Stake . From 1884 to 1886 Osmond served as a Mormon missionary in England during which time he was a assistant editor of the Millennial Star . From 1890 to 1892 he was again on a mission to the British Isles , during which he served first as president of the Scottish District and then as president of the London District .
Shortly after returning to the United States in 1892 Osmond was called as president of the newly organized Star Valley Stake .
At various times Osmond served as a probate judge and a justice of the peace . From 1899 to 1905 Osmond served two terms as a member of the Wyoming State Senate as a Republican from Uinta County , Wyoming .
Osmond practiced polygamy and was married to a second wife , Amelia Lovinia Christina Jacobsen , on September 8 , 1881 , when she was 19 . George and Amelia Osmond 's son Rulon Osmond was the father of George Osmond , who in turn was the father of The Osmonds of musical fame . His great-grandson Aaron Osmond eventually also became a politician . He died in Montpelier , Idaho .
References
Sources
Andrew Jenson . Latter-day Saints Biographical Encyclopedia . Vol . 1 , p. 348 .
1836 births
1913 deaths
19th-century Mormon missionaries
Converts to Mormonism
English emigrants to the United States
Mormon missionaries in England
Mormon missionaries in Scotland
Mormon pioneers
Osmond family ( show business )
People from Montpelier , Idaho
People from Willard , Utah
People from Bountiful , Utah
People from Uinta County , Wyoming
People from London
Wyoming Republicans
Wyoming state court judges
Wyoming state senators
English leaders of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
Anthuridae is a family of isopods belonging to the order Isopoda .
Genera
Genera :
Amakusanthura Nunomura , 1977
Anthura Leach , 1814
Apanthura Stebbing , 1900
References
Isopoda
Crustacean families
Emping ( also known as arifin ) are a type of Indonesian chips , a bite-size snack kripik cracker , made of melinjo or belinjo ( Gnetum gnemon ) nuts ( which are seeds ) . Emping crackers have a slightly bitter taste . Emping snacks are available in markets plain ( original ) , salty , spicy or sweet , depending on the addition of salt or caramelized sugar .
Production
Emping production is a home industry , with emping traditionally handmade in a labor-intensive process . The melinjo seeds are sauteed in a medium fire without oil , or sometimes using sand as a media . Some people boil the melinjo seeds to ease the peeling process . Both the softer outer skin and the harder inner skin of the seeds are peeled off by hand . Each of the gnetum seeds is whacked with a wooden hammer-like instrument or pressed with a stone cylinder to create flat and round emping , and later arranged in a tray made of weaved bamboo and sun-dried for a whole day . Each emping chip is commonly created from a single gnetum nut , although there are variants which combine several seeds to create larger emping with sizes similar to krupuk . These large emping , however , are often mixed with other types of starch , such as corn or tuber starch . There are two types of emping thickness available in markets , thin and thick . Thin emping are usually plain or salty , while thick emping are usually sweet , coated with caramelized sugar or spiced with chilli pepper .
The dried emping chips are collected , packed , and sold at market . Raw emping , as bought from traditional markets , are better when sun-dried first to reduce their humidity , then later fried with ample hot vegetable oil until they expand , becoming crispy and turning golden yellow . Emping are produced in many parts of Indonesia , from Limpung in Central Java , Pidie in Aceh to Sulawesi . However , the main production areas are in Java , with Karangtawang village in Kuningan Regency West Java , Bantul Regency in Yogyakarta , Klaten Regency , Batang Regency , and Magetan Regency in Central Java .
Consumption
Raw ( unfried ) emping are usually available in Indonesian traditional markets , while in snack stores , supermarkets , and restaurants mostly pre-packed , ready to eat emping are available . Most emping are plain flavoured ( original ) , served with a pinch of salt . Emping have been exported to the Netherlands , USA and the Middle East .
In the Netherlands , due to historic ties with Indonesia , packaged dried ( raw ) emping is also available for home frying . These are to be found in Indonesian specialty stores referred to by Indonesian names such as `` Toko '' or `` Warung '' ( both meaning shop or store ) .
Emping are frequently served solely as a snack or accompaniment to Indonesian traditional dishes . They are often added as a crispy addition to Indonesian dishes such as soto , nasi uduk , sop buntut , gado-gado , lontong sayur , nasi goreng , nasi kuning , laksa and bubur ayam .
See also
Kripik
Krupuk
Rempeyek
References
External links
Indonesian snack foods
Deep fried foods
Vegetarian dishes of Indonesia
Lieutenant Boyd Alexander ( 16 January 1873 – 2 April 1910 ) was an English British Army officer , explorer and ornithologist .
Boyd was the oldest son ( with a twin brother ) of Lt Colonel Boyd Francis Alexander . On his mother 's side he was the grandson of David Wilson the founder of the Great Eastern Hotel in Calcutta . He was born at Swifts Park at Cranbrook in Kent and educated at Radley and Sandhurst .
Alexander was commissioned in a Militia battalion of the Rifle Brigade ( Prince Consort 's Own ) , and in October 1900 took up a commission in a regular battalion of that regiment . Promotion to lieutenant followed on 22 January 1902 .
During 1902 he visited the Gold Coast Colony , where he made an ornithological survey of that colony , and in September that year he left for the Bonin Islands to investigate their avifauna .
Lieutenant Alexander was a member of an expedition which travelled across Africa from the Niger to the Nile , exploring the Lake Chad area . Alexander was accompanied by his brother Claud , Captain G. B. Gosling and Portuguese collector José Lopes . In February 1904 they set off from the mouth of the Niger , travelling upriver to Lokoja . Claud died in October of enteric fever after making a survey of the Murchison Range . Boyd and Gosling explored the area around Lake Chad . Gosling died in June 1906 at Niangara of blackwater fever . Boyd then followed the River Kibali , reaching the Nile late in the year and returning to England in February 1907 . Alexander 's account From The Niger to the Nile was published later that year . In 1908 he was awarded the Founder 's Gold Medal of the Royal Geographical Society `` for his three years ' journey across Africa from the Niger to the Nile . ''
He described Willcocks 's honeyguide on the basis of a specimen obtained on his 1901 expedition along the Volta river . His enthusiasm for Lake Chad was such that he and his twin brother Robert had an exact replica of Lake Chad made alongside their family home The Swifts at Cranbrook .
Alexander and Lopes sailed back to Africa in 1909 . They visited Claud 's grave at Maifoni in Bornu and then continued to Ouadai . Boyd was killed in a dispute with locals near Nyeri . His body was recovered by French soldiers and buried next to his brother in Maifoni .
References
External links
1873 births
1910 deaths
Rifle Brigade officers
English explorers
Explorers of Africa
English ornithologists
Fellows of the Zoological Society of London
Boyd
Twin people from England
1928 in Argentine football saw the Primera División league expanded to include 36 teams . They played in a single league with each team playing the other only once .
Huracán won its 4th . title in Primera .
Primera División
El Porvenir and Argentino de Banfield returned to the top division after their runs on Primera B while Liberal Argentino and Porteño were relegated .
Lower Divisions
Primera B
Champion : Colegiales
Primera C
Champion : Acassuso
Argentina national team
The national team played the football tournament where finished 2nd . to Uruguay . Therefore Argentina was awarded the silver medal .
Argentina would later defeat Uruguay twice , winning the Copa Newton by 1-0 in Avellaneda and then the Copa Lipton after a 2-2 in Montevideo , where Argentina won the trophy as visiting team , according to tournament rules .
1928 Summer Olympics
Finals
Copa Newton
Copa Lipton
References
Seasons in Argentine football
, Argentine
1928 in South American football
This table shows an overview of the protected heritage sites in the Walloon town Geldenaken , or Jodoigne . This list is part of Belgium 's national heritage .
| }
See also
Lists of protected heritage sites in Walloon Brabant
References
Belgian heritage register : Direction générale opérationnelle - Aménagement du territoire , Logement , Patrimoine et Energie ( DG4 )
www.dglive.be
Jodoigne
Jodoigne
Pacific Adventure is a operated by P & O Cruises Australia , a subsidiary of Carnival Corporation & plc . In 1998 , Princess Cruises finalized the order for the ship ( then known as the Golden Princess ) in response to the strong demand for her sister ship , Grand Princess , making her the fleet 's second Grand-class ship . She was built by Italian shipbuilder Fincantieri in Monfalcone , delivered in 2001 , and christened by Merlisa George in Saint Thomas in April 2002 . While operating as Golden Princess , she has sailed to all seven continents , beginning with her debut in Southampton in May 2001 , followed by seasonal deployments serving regions around the Caribbean and Europe . In 2007 , she circumnavigated South America and debuted along the West Coast of the United States before also sailing around ports in Asia and Oceania bordering the Pacific Ocean until 2020 .
In 2017 , Carnival Corporation announced Golden Princess would be transferred from Princess to sister brand P & O Cruises Australia as a part of P & O 's fleet renewal . She was originally expected to debut as Pacific Adventure in October 2020 , sailing itineraries around Oceania , but in light of the COVID-19 pandemic , her debut is subject to P & O 's resumption of operations .
Construction
In January 1998 Princess announced it was ordering two additional Grand-class ships at a cost of approximately US $ 425 million each from Italian shipbuilder Fincantieri for delivery in 2001 .
The first ship , named Golden Princess , was floated out on 31 August 2000 in Monfalcone . She sailed her maiden voyage on May 16 , 2001 . She was originally planned to be christened by Jane Seymour on 12 October 2001 , but was later christened by Merlisa George , Miss US Virgin Islands 2002 , on 17 April 2002 in Saint Thomas .
Design and specifications
Princess made several changes to the design of Golden Princess compared with Grand Princess , including a modified stern . Princess commissioned Golden Princess to have similar dimensions to Grand Princess : they both measure and have an approximate capacity of 2,600 passengers . Additionally , they have a length of , a draft of , and a beam of . Golden Princess is powered by a diesel-electric genset system , with six Sulzer engines : four producing and two producing . Main propulsion is via two diesel-electric propellers . The system gives the vessel a maximum speed of . The ship has 1,299 passenger cabins and 627 crew cabins . She has a maximum capacity of 4,160 passengers and crew .
On board , Golden Princess retains much of the design of Grand Princess , aside from several changes . Instead of the slanted bulkheads of the tiered decks below her sister ship 's navigation bridge , she has flat bulkheads . Additionally , in order to reduce the ship 's weight , she features a modified stern made of lighter materials , particularly in the `` handle , '' which housed the ship 's nightclub .
Covid-19
The 2019–2020 season marked the last active season that the ship sailed as Golden Princess . She began with weekly Alaska voyages in summer 2019 before returning to Melbourne in fall 2019 . In March 2020 , during a round-trip sailing from Melbourne to New Zealand amid the COVID-19 pandemic , three passengers were quarantined onboard after one was suspected of having the coronavirus when they began developing symptoms . At the time of the announcement , the ship was bound for Akaroa and proceeded to anchor in Akaroa Harbour to allow for medical officials to test the guests , who ultimately tested negative . The remainder of the voyage was subsequently cancelled and the ship was cleared to return to Melbourne , following the Australian government 's ordinance for all cruise ships to return to their homeports . The ship returned on 19 March 2020 and all guests were tested and subsequently cleared to disembark after none of the tests returned positive . Golden Princess was scheduled to perform a full season of Alaska voyages from Los Angeles in summer 2020 and a final transpacific crossing to Singapore in fall 2020 , but due to the pandemic , all sailings of the ship since the cruise line 's suspension of operations have been cancelled . There were rumors of the vessel possibly being sold for scrap instead of being transferred to P & O Australia , but Carnival Corporation denied the rumors and later did transfer the vessel .
Pacific Adventure
Background
In December 2015 , Carnival Corporation announced it had ordered a new 4,200-passenger ship from Fincantieri for Princess ' sister brand , P & O Cruises Australia , as a part of its `` fleet enhancement plan . '' The new ship , scheduled for delivery in 2019 , would become P & O 's first-ever new-build vessel and its largest ship overall in the fleet . However , in December 2016 , the order for the new ship was transferred to sister brand Carnival Cruise Line ( CCL ) in exchange for Carnival Splendor joining the P & O fleet instead . In a statement , P & O president Sture Myrmell conceded that the market 's current infrastructure and its anticipated pace of development would be inadequate to support the brand 's earlier , more ambitious expansion goals . But in September 2017 , Carnival issued a further fleet realignment , announcing Golden Princess would transfer to P & O , with Carnival Splendor continuing to operate for CCL . In September 2018 , after hosting an online naming contest , P & O announced Golden Princess would be renamed Pacific Adventure and debut in October 2020 , featuring modified accommodations and onboard facilities designed in-line with the P & O brand .
Service
In October 2018 , P & O unveiled the inaugural schedule for Pacific Adventure , with cruises of various lengths from Australian ports , visiting New Zealand , Fiji , Papua New Guinea , and other destinations in Oceania , beginning in October 2020 . However , the COVID-19 pandemic has led P & O to halt its operations , affecting the ship 's debut ; as of August 2020 , it is scheduled to suspend all cruises until 2 December 2020 . The ship was transferred in October 2020 , but she wo n't enter service before 2021 because of the COVID-19 pandemic .
After Golden Princess transitions into P & O 's fleet , her guest capacity will be increased to 3,100 , with modifications including the addition of five-berth cabins . P & O also invited the public to contribute suggestions in order to design a more family-oriented experience on the ship . Other new features will consist of a new adults-only lounge space and a recreational park . The ship has been renovated in Trieste , Italy .
References
External links
Archived page of Golden Princess ( via Princess Cruises )
Golden Princess Fact Sheet ( via Princess Cruises )
2000 ships
Ships of Princess Cruises
Ships built in Monfalcone
Ships built by Fincantieri
Cruise ships involved in the COVID-19 pandemic
Yam ( , also Romanized as Yām ) is a village in Tarand Rural District , Jalilabad District , Pishva County , Tehran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 346 , in 92 families .
References
Populated places in Pishva County
The title of Duke of Lauenburg derives from the Duchy of Saxe-Lauenburg , which , since its foundation in 1269 , was ruled in succession by 29 dukes from six dynastic houses and lines , and by an additional four dukes from a temporary dynastic branch line ( Anna Maria Franziska of Saxe-Lauenburg , the first would-be duchess regnant , was kept from inheriting the duchy by male rulers of neighbouring states ) .
The duchy was held by various countries , including France from 1803 to 1805 and from 1810 to 1814 , Prussia from 1805 to 1806 , and Westphalia from 1806 to 1810 . The kings of Denmark , members of the House of Oldenburg , held the Duchy of Lauenburg from 1815 to 1864 , when the territory came under Prussian control as a result of the Second Schleswig War , though it was not immediately annexed to Prussia .
In 1865 , the estates of Saxe-Lauenburg offered rule of the duchy to King William I of Prussia . He accepted during the same year , ruling it in personal union until the estates decided upon the merger of their state with Prussia as of July 1 , 1876 .
After the death in 1888 of the last ruling duke , Wilhelm I ( who after 1870 was also German emperor ) , the now purely honorific title of Duke of Lauenburg was granted to Otto von Bismarck after his dismissal as Chancellor of Germany in 1890 .
See also
For a list of the dukes , see the list of Saxon rulers
For the duchesses consort , see the list of Saxon consorts
Notes
Dukes of Saxe-Lauenburg
Otto Höss ( 4 June 1897 – 27 March 1971 ) was an Austrian footballer . He played in six matches for the Austria national football team from 1923 to 1926 .
References
External links
1897 births
1971 deaths
Austrian footballers
Austria international footballers
Place of birth missing
Association footballers not categorized by position
The Luzon striped babbler ( Zosterornis striatus ) is a species of bird in the family Zosteropidae . It is endemic to the Philippines , where it is only found in northern Luzon and in Bataan .
Its natural habitat is tropical moist lowland forest . It is threatened by habitat loss .
Description
EBird describes the bird as `` A fairly small bird . Rufous-brown on the wings , back , and tail , with a gray head , heavily-streaked pale underparts , and a black face and moustache stripe . Often found in mixed-species flocks . Somewhat similar to Stripe-headed rhabdornis and Grand rhabdornis , but smaller , with a white eye-ring rather than a black band through the eye . Voice includes a loud rattling trill and various quiet chips and squeals . ''
Habitat and Conservation Status
It is found in lowland and foothill forest and overgrown disturbed areas on Luzon . It also persists in heavily degraded forest and overgrown clearings . It is primarily a bird of forest floor and understorey , although it is sometimes also found in the middle and upper storeys . It mainly occupies forest below 500 m , although in the Sierra Madre it is locally common up to 1,000 m. Interestingly , compared with the other striped babblers ( Panay striped babbler , Palawan striped babbler and Negros striped babbler ) , which are all mid to high elevation species , the Luzon striped babbler is seen in lower lying areas .
IUCN has assessed this bird as least concern with the population believed to be on the decline . This species ' main threat is habitat loss with wholesale clearance of forest habitats as a result of logging , agricultural conversion and mining activities occurring within the range .
There are currently no targeted conservation plans for the species . It does occur in the protected area of Northern Sierra Madre Natural Park but protection and enforcement from loggers and hunters is still lax .
References
Collar , N. J . & Robson , C. 2007 . Family Timaliidae ( Babblers ) pp . 70 – 291 in ; del Hoyo , J. , Elliott , A . & Christie , D.A . eds . Handbook of the Birds of the World , Vol . 12 . Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees . Lynx Edicions , Barcelona .
Luzon striped babbler
Birds of Luzon
Luzon striped babbler
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Waterford is an unincorporated community in Coolspring Township , LaPorte County , Indiana , United States .
History
A post office was located in Waterford between 1850 and 1900 . The community grew around a gristmill .
Notable people
John Rarick - U.S. Representative ( 1924-2009 ) from Louisiana was born in Waterford .
References
Unincorporated communities in LaPorte County , Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
Torii Glacier ( ) is a glacier flowing northwest between Mount Goossens and Mount Fukushima in the Queen Fabiola Mountains . Discovered on October 7 , 1960 , by the Belgian Antarctic Expedition , under Guido Derom , who named it after Tetsuya Torii , geochemist ; leader of the Japanese party that visited this area in November 1960 .
See also
List of glaciers in the Antarctic
Glaciology
References
Glaciers of Queen Maud Land
Prince Harald Coast
The English women 's cricket team toured the West Indies in 2009 , playing a total of three women 's One Day Internationals and three women 's Twenty20 Internationals in the space of eight days .
Touring party
England 's touring party was announced in September 2009 , with first-choice wicket-keeper Sarah Taylor rested and batsman Claire Taylor choosing to miss the tour with work commitments . The Kent wicket-keeper Tammy Beaumont was called up to the national squad for the first time .
Full touring party :
Charlotte Edwards ( captain )
Caroline Atkins
Tammy Beaumont ( wicket-keeper )
Katherine Brunt
Holly Colvin
Lydia Greenway
Isa Guha
Jenny Gunn
Danielle Hazell
Laura Marsh
Beth Morgan
Ebony-Jewel Rainford-Brent
Nicki Shaw
Anya Shrubsole
One Day International series
Twenty20 International series
References
External links
Series page from Cricinfo
England 2009
Women 2009
West Indies 2009
International cricket competitions in 2009–10
West Indies 2016
2009 in English women 's cricket
2009 in West Indian cricket
2009 in women 's cricket
Quanitta 'Queen ' Underwood ( born May 8 , 1984 ) is an American boxer . She entered the sport at nineteen when she wandered into Cappy 's Boxing Gym and Club . She competed for the United States at the 2012 Summer Olympics .
References
American women boxers
Boxers from Washington ( state )
Sportspeople from Seattle
1984 births
Living people
Boxers at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Olympic boxers of the United States
Lightweight boxers
21st-century American women
Alessandro Tadini ( born 30 November 1973 ) is an Italian professional golfer .
Career
Tadini was born in Borgomanero and turned professional in 1994 . He qualified for the European Tour for 2003 after his sixth visit to qualifying school . He was unable to win enough money during his rookie season to retain his card and dropped down to the second tier Challenge Tour . In 2004 he finished second on the Challenge Tour Rankings to graduate back to the top level . He retained his card through the end of the 2007 season when he again fell back to the Challenge Tour . He bounced straight back , finishing in 7th place on the 2008 Challenge Tour Rankings , but was just outside the top 120 in the Race to Dubai in 2009 and was back on the Challenge Tour in 2010 .
Tadini has won four time on the Challenge Tour , the first in 2004 at the Costa Rica Open , the second in 2008 at the Oceânico Group Pro-Am Challenge , the third in 2010 at the Credit Suisse Challenge , and the latest at the ECCO Tour Championship in 2012 .
Tadini 's best season to date on the European Tour was 2005 , when he finished 98th , whilst his best result has been a runner-up finish in the dual-ranking 2004 Aa St Omer Open .
Amateur wins
1994 Italian Amateur Stroke Play Championship
Professional wins ( 9 )
Challenge Tour wins ( 4 )
1Co-sanctioned by the Tour de las Américas
Challenge Tour playoff record ( 2–0 )
Italian Pro Tour wins ( 1 )
Other wins ( 4 )
2002 Italian PGA Championship
2008 Italian PGA Championship
2009 Italian National Open
2012 Italian National Open
Team appearances
Professional
World Cup ( representing Italy ) : 2004
European Championships ( representing Italy ) : 2018
See also
2008 Challenge Tour graduates
2011 Challenge Tour graduates
2012 Challenge Tour graduates
2014 European Tour Qualifying School graduates
List of golfers with most Challenge Tour wins
References
External links
Italian male golfers
European Tour golfers
Asian Tour golfers
Monegasque sportsmen
Sportspeople from the Province of Novara
1973 births
Living people
Henry Swearingen ( ca . 1792–1849 ) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio .
Born in the Northern Panhandle of Virginia ( now West Virginia ) , Swearingen moved to Ohio and settled near Steubenville . He served as Sheriff of Jefferson County , Ohio during 1824–1828 and 1830–1832 .
Swearingen was elected as a Democrat to the Twenty-fifth Congress to fill the vacancy caused by the resignation of Daniel Kilgore .
He was reelected to the Twenty-sixth Congress and served from December 3 , 1838 , to March 4 , 1841 .
He died on board ship while en route to his home from the State of California and was buried at sea .
Sources
External links
1790s births
1849 deaths
Politicians from Steubenville , Ohio
People who died at sea
Burials at sea
Year of birth unknown
Ohio sheriffs
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
19th-century American politicians
People from West Virginia
Live in London is the first live album by American alternative singer-songwriter Regina Spektor , recorded at the Hammersmith Apollo , in London , during her Far Tour , and released worldwide through Sire Records on November 22 , 2010 .
The video was directed by Adria Petty , and is offered in DVD+CD , Blu-ray+CD , vinyl and digital format . It features 3 previously unreleased songs .
Track listing
Personnel
Regina Spektor - vocals , piano , keyboards , guitar
Dave Heilman - drums
Kaoru Ishibashi - violin
Elizabeth Myers - viola
Yoed Nir - cello
Daniel Cho - cello , band leader
Technical
Rebecca Chandler - assistant engineer
Devin Sarna , Ron Shapiro , Sarah Roebuck , Tom Whalley - executive producer
Holly Tienken - design
Adria Petty - film direction
External links
Live in London at Discogs
Live in London at Sputnikmusic.com
Live in London at IMDb
Regina Spektor albums
2010 albums
albums produced by David Kahne
Sire Records live albums
Albums recorded at the Hammersmith Apollo
Edenbridge railway station is one of two stations serving Edenbridge in Kent , England . It is measured from via . Train services are operated by Southern .
History
The station was opened on 26 May 1842 .
In 1967 the station became unstaffed following which the original station buildings were demolished .
In 1993 the line was electrified and services started to run through to London rather than being an extension of the Reading to Redhill North Downs Line service .
In 2007 , a PERTIS machine was installed at the street entrance to the Tonbridge-bound platform . This has since been replaced with a self-service ticket vending machine as common on larger stations . Until December 2008 Edenbridge station was operated by Southeastern before it transferred to Southern , whose green signage was installed before October 2008 .
Facilities
Edenbridge station is unstaffed and facilities are limited . Tickets can be purchased from the self-service ticket machine at the station and there are passenger help points located on each platform . There is also a basic shelter located on each platform . The station has a free car park ( operated by Saba Parking ) .
The bound platform is accessible without steps although the bound platform is only reachable through the use of steps .
Bus Connections
The station is served by the following bus services :
Metrobus routes 231 & 233 to Penshurst and Tunbridge Wells ( Monday-Saturday )
Southdown PSV route 236 to Oxted , Westerham and East Grinstead ( Monday-Friday )
Go-Coach route E1 in a circular route around Edenbridge ( Monday-Friday )
Services
All services at Edenbridge are operated by Southern using Class 377 EMUs .
The typical off-peak service in trains per hour is :
1 tph to
1 tph to
Services increase to 2 tph in each direction during the peak hours .
See also
Edenbridge Town railway station , the other station in the town
References
External links
Edenbridge , Kent
Railway stations in Kent
Former South Eastern Railway ( UK ) stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1842
Railway stations in Great Britain served by Govia Thameslink Railway
1842 establishments in England
Colonel Edward Corbett ( 30 December 1817 – 6 January 1895 ) was a British land-owner and Conservative Party politician from an old Norman family in Shropshire . He held a seat in the House of Commons from 1868 to 1877 .
Early life
Corbett was the oldest surviving son of Panton Corbett of Longnor Hall in Shropshire and Leighton Hall in Montgomeryshire . His mother was Louisa Favoretta Jones , from Lichfield in Staffordshire , and his father had been the Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Shrewsbury from 1820 to 1830 .
Corbett was educated at Eton . He joined the British Army in November 1837 as an ensign in the 51st regiment , and was promoted to the rank of Lieutenant . He switched to the 72nd Highlanders in 1841 , and retired from the army in October 1844 . By 1874 he was living in Longnor Hall and held the rank of Lieutenant-Colonel in the Shropshire militia ,
and the honorary rank of Colonel ( which was bestowed in 1883 ) . He resigned his commission in the militia in October 1884 , but was permitted to retain his rank .
Political career
By 1868 Corbett was a Justice of the Peace ( J.P. ) for Shropshire , and a Deputy Lieutenant of Shropshire .
He was elected at the 1868 general election as an MP for South Shropshire , having expressed confidence in Disraeli and promised voters `` to resist to the utmost of his power Mr. Gladstone 's attempt to uproot and destroy the Protestant Church '' . Corbett was re-elected in 1874 . When he resigned his seat on 7 August 1877 , by taking the post of Steward of the Chiltern Hundreds , the announcement was described by The Times newspaper as `` sudden '' .
Personal life
In 1842 Corbett married Elizabeth Anne Theresa , the daughter of Robert Sholl and had five sons and eight daughters . His eldest son , also named Edward Corbett ( 1843–1917 ) , in April 1881 unsuccessfully contested a by-election in Northampton as a Conservative after the Liberal MP Charles Bradlaugh was unseated when he voted in the Commons before taking the Oath of Allegiance ( he insisted on the right to affirm instead ) . Bradlaugh was again expelled from the Commons the following year , and Corbett junior again stood in the resulting by-election . Addressing a public meeting from the balcony of the Angel Hotel in Northampton on 23 February , he told the crowd that this was not an ordinary electoral contest , but a battle of principles . He hoped that the result would be to spare the House of Commons from the `` disgreceful scenes '' which had taken place over Bradlaugh 's refusal to take the oath . Bradlaugh was re-elected on 4 March 1882 and Edward Corbett junior never again stood for parliament .
References
External links
1817 births
1895 deaths
Conservative Party ( UK ) MPs for English constituencies
UK MPs 1868–1874
UK MPs 1874–1880
People educated at Eton College
72nd Highlanders officers
Deputy Lieutenants of Shropshire
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for constituencies in Shropshire
Paenitemini is a 1966 apostolic constitution by Pope Paul VI . In Paenitemini Paul changed the strictly regulated Catholic fasting requirements . He recommended that fasting be appropriate to the local economic situation , and that all Catholics voluntarily fast and abstain . He further recommended that fasting and abstinence be replaced with prayer and works of charity `` in countries where the standard of living is lower '' .
Content
Pope Paul noted the Church 's mission of showing man the right way to use earthly goods and to collaborate in the `` consecration of the world . '' All members of the Church are called upon to participate in the work of Christ and therefore to participate also in His expiation . While he emphasized the great importance of penance as `` a religious , personal act which has as its aim love and surrender to God '' , he observed that the Church , attentive to the signs of the times is prompted to seek , beyond fast and abstinence , new expressions more suitable for the realization of the precise goal of penitence .
`` [ T ] he necessity of an asceticism which chastises the body and brings it into subjection is affirmed with special insistence by the example of Christ Himself . ... The intimate relationship which exists in penitence between the external act , inner conversion , prayer and works of charity is affirmed and widely developed in the liturgical texts and authors of every era .
The purpose of the new canonical laws was not to weaken the practice of penance ( as actually happened ) , but to make it more effective . Paul stated that while preserving the custom ( observed for many centuries with canonical norms ) of practicing penitence also through abstinence from meat and fasting , the Church intends to ratify other forms of penitence as well , and left it to the episcopal conferences to replace the observance of fast and abstinence with exercises of prayer and works of charity where appropriate .
Notes
External links
Text of the Apostolic Constitution Paenitemini from the Vatican Web Site
Apostolic constitutions of Pope Paul VI
1966 documents
1966 in Christianity
Catholic penitential practices
Sacred places and times in Catholic canon law
ULC may refer to :
Uniform Law Commission , a non-profit American unincorporated organization that produces draft legislation
Unit labor cost , another term for a wage
Unlimited Liability Corporation , a Canadian corporation designation
Union de Luttes Communistes , a former Communist party in the country now known as Burkina Faso
University of Las Condes , a Chilean private university existing from 1987 to 1999
Universal Life Church , a non-denominational religious organization founded in 1962
Urząd Lotnictwa Cywilnego , the Civil Aviation Office of Poland
Underwriters ' Laboratories of Canada
BCCM/ULC , a cyanobacteria collection part of the Belgian Co-ordinated Collections of Micro-organisms
ULC , National Rail code for Ulceby railway station , North Lincolnshire , England
Opus 217 . Against the Enamel of a Background Rhythmic with Beats and Angles , Tones , and Tints , Portrait of M. Félix Fénéon in 1890 ( ) is an 1890 oil painting by French artist Paul Signac . The Neo-impressionist work depicts the French art critic Félix Fénéon standing in front of a swirling coloured background . It has been held by the Museum of Modern Art in New York since 1991 .
The work is a left profile portrait of Fénéon , with his characteristic goatee beard , wearing a brown coat with black suit and white shirt , holding a black top hat and walking cane in his left hand , and delicately a cyclamen flower in the fingers of his outstretched right hand . The angles of Fénéon 's head , arm , elbow , and cane , create a zigzag pattern down the right hand side of the painting , while the curved stem and petals of the flower echo the upward curve of Fénéon 's goatee . Signac made the portrait from a pencil drawing and oil sketch of the subject , but without long sittings . Its composition may draw from an 1890 gouache portrait of Signac by Georges Seurat , in which Signac is depicted wearing a top hat and carrying a cane .
The swirling patterns in the background create a kaleidoscopic colour wheel with abstract designs in eight sectors meeting at a central point , contrasting with the foreground figurative portrait of Fénéon and the flower . The choice of a cyclamen may be a visual pun referring to colour cycle in the background . The background may have been inspired by a Japanese wood block print of the 1860s , perhaps a kimono pattern , which was in Signac 's gallery . It is probably also a reference to the aesthetic theories of Charles Henry , whose 1885 book Introduction à une esthétique scientifique influenced Signac and Seurat . Henry 's book on colour theory and the `` algebra '' of visual rhythm ( which proposed a deterministic and calculable link between outer stimuli and psychic reaction ) was illustrated by Signac , 1890 , either Application de nouveaux instruments de précision ( cercle chromatique , rapporteur et triple décimètre esthétiques ) a l'archéologie . The exceedingly long title of the painting may be intended as a joke at Henry 's scientific pretentions . All three were still in their youth : in 1890 , Signac celebrated his 27th birthday , Fénéon turned 29 , and Henry 31 .
By this time , the free brushstrokes of Impressionism were being succeeded by the more deliberate and scientific approach of Divisionism or Pointillism , championed by Seurat and Signac , painting with small contrasting coloured dots based on an understanding of colour theory with the intention that the pure colours would be combined in the viewer 's eye and mind to create a more vivid work . Unlike many art critics , Fénéon was a supporter of Seurat and Signac , naming their artistic approach Neo-impressionism .
The painting measures . In the lower corners are the title , `` OP . 217 '' and the artist 's signature and the date , `` P. Signac 90 '' . It was exhibited at the Salon des Indépendents in 1891 , but was not well received by most critics , who considered that the background dominated the portrait figure . Signac gave the painting to Fénéon , who kept it until his death in 1944 . Artworks from Fénéon 's estate were sold at the Hôtel Drouot in 1947 , and funds used by his widow to establish the Prix Fénéon , literary and art prizes .
The painting was part donated to the Museum of Modern Art in New York by Peggy Rockefeller and David Rockefeller in 1991 .
References
Paul Signac . Opus 217 . Against the Enamel of a Background Rhythmic with Beats and Angles , Tones , and Tints , Portrait of M. Félix Fénéon in 1890 . 1890 , Museum of Modern Art
The Neo-Impressionist Portrait , 1886–1904 , Jane Block , Ellen Wardwell Lee , ING Cultuurcentrum , Indianapolis Museum of Art , p. 147
Neo-Impressionism and the Dream of Realities : Painting , Poetry , Music , Cornelia Homburg , pp . 5 , 55 , 89
MoMA Highlights : 350 Works from The Museum of Modern Art , New York , Museum of Modern Art ( New York , N.Y. ) , p. 16
Paintings by Paul Signac
1890 paintings
Paintings in the collection of the Museum of Modern Art ( New York City )
Louis Godart ( born 12 August 1945 ) is an Italian archaeologist of Belgian origins . He is a specialist in Mycenaean archaeology and philology and holds the chair of philology at the University of Naples Federico II . He is also currently Director for the Conservation of Artistic Heritage of the Italian President .
Studies
Godart was born in Bourseigne-Vieille . After attending middle and high school at the Collège de Bellevue in Dinant in Belgium until 1963 , he graduated in classical philology in 1967 at the University of Louvain . In 1971 he got a PhD in literature and philosophy at the Free University of Brussels and , in 1977 , another doctorate in arts and humanities at the Sorbonne in Paris .
Godart researched on the Mycenaean Linear B tablets and , in general , on the Aegean writing . In 1982 he started the Mission site in Minoan Archaeology Apodoulou , Crete , a joint program of the University of Naples Federico II and the Greek Ministry of Culture , co-directed with Yannis Tzedakis , former Director General of Antiquities of Greece . He has organized several national and international conferences in archaeological and philological on protohistoric Mediterranean , including the Micenologia II International Congress in Naples in 1992 .
He is the author of 29 books and 141 scientific articles , published in Italy and abroad on topics relating to the civilizations of the Mediterranean , especially the Aegean civilization .
See also
Phaistos Disc
External links
Biography at the University of Naples
1945 births
Living people
Italian archaeologists
Belgian archaeologists
People from Namur ( province )
Alian may refer to :
Places in Iran
Alian or Aliyan or Alyan ( ) may refer to :
Alian , Semnan , a village in Semnan Province , Iran
Alian , Tehran , a village in Tehran Province , Iran
Alian , West Azerbaijan , a village in West Azerbaijan Province , Iran
Alian-e Sofla , a village in South Khorasan Province , Iran
Aliyan Rural District , in Gailan Province , Iran
Other uses
Ghassan Alian ( born 1972 ) , Israeli commander of the IDF Golani Brigade
Alians , a Shia order
Alian District , in Taiwan
Alians ( band ) , a Polish punk-rock , reggae and ska band
Relangi is a village in Iragavaram Mandal of West Godavari District in Andhra Pradesh ( post code 534225 ) . It is 5.903 km from its Mandal main town Iragavaram , 74 km from the Rajahmundry and 138 km from the city of Vijayawada .
This village is very peaceful and surrounded by paddy fields . This village has two deities , popularly known as Sri Peda Mantalamba and Sri China Mantalamba . This village has mythological history connected to Ramayana time . Legends say that these two deities were emerged from the yagna kunda conducted by the Brahmarshi Vishwamitra which was guarded by the Princes Rama and Lakshmana . Name of the village came from the name of the lady demon Tataki whose death happened in the hands of Rama before commencing yagna by Vishwamitra . Head of Tataki fell in this place so the name of this place has become `` Raalindi ( fallen in telugu ) '' , later it became Relangi due to pronunciation problems of Britishers . To support this story village has a Shiva temple named as `` Taatakeswaraswaamy '' which was said to be installed by Prince Rama as a means of praayaschitta ( atone for ) towards killing of woman Demon .
Transport
Local trains running between Nidadavolu and Bhimavaram stop in this village . Bus facility is also available between Tanuku and Bhimavaram .
References
Villages in West Godavari district
The rufous-backed fantail ( Rhipidura rufidorsa ) is a species of bird in the family Rhipiduridae .
It is found in New Guinea .
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests .
References
rufous-backed fantail
Birds of New Guinea
rufous-backed fantail
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Metz-Frescaty Air Base ( ) was a front-line French Air Force ( ALA ) base . The base is located approximately south-southwest of Metz ( Département de la Moselle , Lorraine ) , about east of Paris .
A military restructuring plan announced in July 2008 was to close BA 128 in 2011 , and place it in reserve status ( Base Interarmes ) .
Major units assigned
Metz-Frescaty was primarily a command and control base .
Staff of the Combat Air Force ( FAC ) .
54th Air Intelligence Wing .
Center for Mobile Detection and Control .
Telecommunications Group .
Combined Transport Squadron 1/40 `` Moselle '' . ( Eurocopter AS355 ; SOCATA TBM )
Escadron électronique aéroporté 1/54 Dunkerque C-160 Transall `` Gabriel '' ELINT aircraft
Company regional infrastructure .
History
Origins
Following the defeat of France in the 1871 Franco-Prussian War , Metz and much of the Moselle were annexed by Germany as part of the Treaty of Frankfurt , and Metz became a `` Garrison City '' of the Imperial German Army ( Reichsheer ) . In the early 20th century , the German army began building a Zeppelin field to the south-west of the city , at the present site of the airfield .
World War I
During World War I , in addition to the Zeppelins , the Luftstreitkräfte ( Imperial German Army Air Service ) began stationing airplanes at the airfield , which were later used in combat over the Western Front during the war . It became the target of French and British aircraft later in the war , starting about 1915 with the development of bomber and fighter combat aircraft . It also was the target for long-range artillery attacks .
Following the armistice with Germany ending the First World War , the French army entered Metz in November 1918 , and the airfield came under the control of the French Air Force ( Aéronautique Militaire ) .
Between the wars
In 1919 , the first French Air Force units moved into Frescaty Air Base , when Bombardment Group No . 1 moved in from Landau in the Occupied German Rhineland-Palatinate . On 1 August 1920 , the unit was redesignated as the 11th Aviation Bombardment Regiment ( 11th RAB ) . In 1927 , the 3d Group of the 12th Aviation Regiment was also assigned , moving from Neustadt an der Weinstraße , also in the Occupied Rhineland .
On 31 May 1934 , Frescaty Air Base received the designation of base aérienne 111 ( BA 111 ) . The 11th Wing Frescaty left in 1936 and settled in Toulouse . Two years later , the transition from GB I/38 and II/38 on Amiot 143 , causes the change in mission of the 38th Wing , which became the 38th Bombardment Wing in March 1939 . By the following June 38 EB is reassigned to French North Africa .
The Phony War and the Battle of France
At the outbreak of World War II on 3 September 1939 , the CAG 506 and GR II/22 ( flying Bloch MB.131 reconnaissance-bombers and Potez 630 heavy twin-engined fighters ) were present at Frescaty .
Frescaty Air Base was bombed by the Luftwaffe on 10 May 1940 on the first day of the German attack in the West . After the Second Battle of Sedan ( 12–15 May 1940 ) , GR II/22 was replaced by GR I/22 . Frescaty Air Base was again attacked on 14 June , and was seized by the Wehrmacht shortly afterward .
German control during World War II
Under Luftwaffe control , the airfield was initially used as a night interceptor fighter base , with Nachtjagdgeschwader 4 ( NJG 4 ) flying Messerschmitt Bf 110s and later RADAR-equipped Dornier Do 217s against the night attacks by the Royal Air Force on German targets . In 1943 , a dive bomber school , Schlachtgeschwader 103 ( SG 103 ) was established at the base , training pilots with Arado Ar 96 advanced trainers ; Focke-Wulf Fw 190Fs , and Junkers Ju 87s .
The school closed in February 1944 ; the night fighters were reassigned in May . In June , day interceptor fighters of Jagdgeschwader 3 ( JG 3 ) moved in with Messerschmitt Bf 109Gs to attack American Eighth Air Force heavy bombers . In July , Kampfgeschwader 101 ( KG 101 ) arrived as part of the Mistel ( German : Mistletoe ) , project , in which Junkers Ju 88A , bombers were controlled by a Messerschmitt Bf 109E , which was flown to the target by the fighter , then separated and guided , with a shaped 1,800 kg charge at the nose of the aircraft , and used as unmanned powered bomb . kg 101 flew several attacks against hardened Allied targets along the English channel coast .
These activities led to Frescaty being attacked by USAAF Ninth Air Force Martin B-26 Marauder medium bombers and Republic P-47 Thunderbolts mostly with 500-pound General-Purpose bombs ; unguided rockets and .50 caliber machine gun sweeps when Eighth Air Force heavy bombers ( Boeing B-17 Flying Fortresses , Consolidated B-24 Liberators ) were within interception range of the Luftwaffe aircraft assigned to the base . The attacks were timed to have the maximum effect possible to keep the interceptors pinned down on the ground and be unable to attack the heavy bombers . Also the North American P-51 Mustang fighter-escort groups of Eighth Air Force would drop down on their return to England and attack the base with a fighter sweep and attack any target of opportunity to be found at the airfield .
American control
In November 1944 , American Third Army forces moved into the Metz area and heavy fighting ensued between the Allies and the German forces . On 29 November the airfield was taken from German control . Combat engineers from IX Engineer command moved in with the 830th Engineering Aviation Battalion arriving on 5 December . Due to the heavy fighting in the area and extensive damage from the Allied bombing attacks on the base , much restoration work was necessary . A new 5000 ' Pierced Steel Planking metal runway was laid down aligned 02/20 for aircraft use , and after nearly a month the airfield was declared operationally ready on 25 December 1944 as Advanced Landing Ground `` Y-34 Metz '' .
Under American control , Metz Air Base was turned over to the Ninth Air Force , being used as a P-47 Thunderbolt combat fighter-bomber airfield for the rest of the war . Units which used the airfield were :
365th Fighter Group , 27 December 1944 – 30 January 1945
368th Fighter Group , 5 January-15 April 1945
406th Fighter Group , 2–8 February 1945
371st Fighter Group , 15 February-7 April 1945
The Luftwaffe Operation Bodenplatte ( Unternehmen Bodenplatte ) attacks on Metz Airfield by Jagdgeschwader 53 ( JG 53 ) on 1 January 1945 from its base near Stuttgart ( Echterdingen ) with Bf 109Gs was part of the German last-ditch effort to achieve air superiority , even temporarily over the Western Front . JG 53 destroyed or damaged about 40 Thunderbolts of the 365th Fighter Group in the attack , but the damage to the airfield was quickly repaired , the destroyed aircraft moved off the ramp , and replacements arrived within a few days to continue the attack . JG 53 retreated into Czechoslovakia and Austria before it was finally disbanded in April 1945 .
On 29 May 1945 , control of Metz Airfield was returned to the French Air Force .
Postwar
Although under French Air Force Control , the airfield was badly damaged by the war . Reconstruction began in April 1946 . In 1950 , when as a result of the Cold War threat of the Soviet Union , Metz-Frescaty was proposed by the United States Air Force to become an interim NATO fighter base , until other airfields could be constructed . In the ongoing negotiations , the site was ultimately rejected , and reconstruction of the base continued for French Air Force requirements .
The new paved jet runway was officially opened 20 July 1951 , but the first French Air Force flying units were not assigned until April 1956 when 1/9 `` Limousin '' left BA 139 ( Lahr , West Germany ) and moved to Frescaty Air Base . Construction of the facility continued until 1956 . The air base was designated base aérienne 128 ( BA 128 ) during the summer of 1956 . During the past 50 years , many units have been assigned to the base , flying a wide variety of aircraft . The last combat unit was reassigned on 31 August 2004 .
Until closure , Metz-Frescaty Air Base was a fully equipped front line French Air Force Base , primarily being used for command , control and training along with electronic warfare .
The base closed on 31 August 2012 . As at September 2019 , the airfield runway is marked ( with Xs ) as not usable for landings .
See also
Advanced Landing Ground
References
External links
Metz-Frescaty
World War II airfields in France
Airfields of the United States Army Air Forces in France
Airports established in 1909
Military installations established in 1909
Military installations closed in 2012
Buildings and structures in Moselle ( department )
Gonzalo Garza Independence High School is an alternative high school created by in the Austin Independent School District and is located at 1600 Chicon Street in Austin , Texas . It opened in January 1998 under then-principal Victoria Baldwin and is open to any student entering their third year of high school with 10 or more credits . Garza offers a non-traditional , self-paced approach and enrolls about 300 students . In the 2005–2006 school year , Garza had 194 graduates .
During the summer students from AISD can take classes at the school online to gain credits .
Garza has received numerous awards and recognitions , including the Austin Chronicle award for Best Public School Model .
References
External links
Garza Independence High School at AustinISD.org
Gonzalo Garza Independence High School homepage
High schools in Austin , Texas
Austin Independent School District high schools
Educational institutions established in 1998
1998 establishments in Texas
Gopher Glacier ( ) is a glacier descending from Christoffersen Heights and draining north between Bonnabeau Dome and Anderson Dome , in the Jones Mountains of Antarctica . It was mapped and named by the University of Minnesota Jones Mountains Party , 1960–61 ; `` Gopher '' is the nickname of the University of Minnesota and of the State .
See also
List of glaciers in the Antarctic
Glaciology
References
Glaciers of Ellsworth Land
Gilman Bigelow Howe ( 1850–1933 ) was an American government official in the employ of the U.S. Department of the Interior and the U.S. Department of Commerce , known for his genealogical work on the families of New England and his 1922 presidency of the National Genealogical Society .
Biography
Gilman Bigelow Howe was born on April 29 , 1850 in Marlborough , Massachusetts as one of two sons of Silas and Ann Gilmore ( Snell ) Howe . Howe was a direct descendant of John Howe who arrived in Massachusetts Bay Colony in 1630 from Brinklow , Warwickshire , England and settled in Sudbury , Massachusetts . Howe was also a descendant of Edmund Rice another early immigrant to Sudbury , and John Biglo of Watertown , Massachusetts . He lived for a time in East Bridgewater , Massachusetts and spent much of his life living in Northborough , Massachusetts serving as town clerk for 12 years and as a member of the town 's Board of Assessors for eight years . From 1900 to 1922 he was in the employ of the United States government in the Department of Interior and the Department of Commerce . Howe was a Mason for 50 years , a member of the Knights Templar , and a life member of the New England Historic Genealogical Society . He served as the President of the National Genealogical Society in 1922 . Howe died 11 January 1933 in Washington , D.C. and he was buried in Northborough , Massachusetts .
Selected publications
Howe , G.B .. ( 1890 ) . Genealogy of the Bigelow Family of America from the 1642 Marriage of John Biglo and Mary Warren to the Year 1890 . Charles Hamilton Printers , Worcester , MA . 517pp .
Howe , G.B . ( 1887 ) . Report of the Bigelow Family Reunion , at Lincoln Park , Worcester , Mass . Bigelow Brothers Publishers , Buffalo , NY . 46pp .
Notes
External links
American genealogists
1933 deaths
1850 births
People from Marlborough , Massachusetts
Historians from Massachusetts
Narat-Chukur ( ) is a rural locality ( a village ) in Diyashevsky Selsoviet , Bakalinsky District , Bashkortostan , Russia . The population was 86 as of 2010 . There are 2 streets .
Geography
Narat-Chukur is located 31 km west of Bakaly ( the district 's administrative centre ) by road . Nikolayevka is the nearest rural locality .
References
Rural localities in Bakalinsky District
The men 's 60 metres hurdles event at the 1977 European Athletics Indoor Championships was held on 13 March in San Sebastián .
Medalists
Results
Heats
First 3 from each heat ( Q ) and the next 3 fastest ( q ) qualified for the semifinals .
Semifinals
First 2 from each heat ( Q ) and the next 2 fastest ( q ) qualified for the final .
Final
References
60 metres hurdles at the European Athletics Indoor Championships
60
Távora may refer to :
People
Távora ( surname )
Places
Joaquim Távora
Távora ( Santa Maria e São Vicente )
Távora ( Tabuaço )
Távora e Pereiro
Santa Maria de Távora
São Vicente de Távora
Other
Távora affair , political scandal in 18th-century Portugal
Marquis of Távora , Portuguese noble title
Távora River , river in Portugal
The 1974 Bexley Council election took place on 2 May 1974 to elect members of Bexley London Borough Council in London , England . The whole council was up for election and the Conservative party gained overall control of the council .
Background
Construction of the Thamesmead estate led to a new ward being created for this election , Thamesmead East returning three councilors .
Election result
Ward results
References
1974
1974 London Borough council elections
Old Boston may refer to :
Old Boston , Pennsylvania , US
Old Boston , Texas , US
Old Boston Colliery , a disused colliery in Haydock , England
David Everett Ferrier ( November 30 , 1962 – December 6 , 2014 ) was an American professional wrestler , better known by his ring name , `` Gigolo '' Jimmy Del Ray . Del Ray was best known for his appearances in the World Wrestling Federation ( WWF ) as one half of the Heavenly Bodies with his tag team partner , Tom Prichard .
Professional wrestling career
Early career ( 1985–1993 )
Ferrier was trained by The Mighty Yankee and debuted in 1985 as `` Jimmy Richland '' , which most thought was his real name . In the late 1980s , Del Ray joined Championship Wrestling from Florida as `` Jomo Kenya '' . He later changed his ring name to `` Jimmy Backlund '' and formed a tag team with Brett Sawyer known as `` The Playboys '' . The Playboys were awarded the vacant FCW Tag Team Championship on July 1 , 1989 . They held the titles until August 22 , when they were defeated by the Nasty Boys . From 1989 to 1991 he worked in Japan for Frontier Martial-Arts Wrestling . On November 22 , 1991 he worked for WWF as Jimmy Richland losing to The Skinner on a house show . In 1992 he worked for W * ING .
Smoky Mountain Wrestling ( 1993–1995 )
In January 1993 Del Ray joined Smoky Mountain Wrestling ( SMW ) , where he replaced Stan Lane as one half of the Heavenly Bodies with Tom Prichard . He was given the name Jimmy Del Ray because Lane was billed during his career as being from Delray Beach , Florida . The Heavenly Bodies were managed by James E. Cornette , and won the SMW Tag Team Championship on three occasions . Cornette put the `` Gigolo '' moniker on his name as a play off his physique . While Del Ray was an agile and able wrestler at the time , he had a slightly pudgy midsection that shook , or `` jiggled '' when he did a taunting dance . Del Ray would work with SMW until the company shut down in December 1995 .
World Wrestling Federation ( 1993–1995 )
Along with Cornette , the Heavenly Bodies debuted in the World Wrestling Federation in 1993 . They made their first televised appearance on the August 9 , 1993 episode of Monday Night Raw , defeating Bobby Who and Mike Bucci . They made two more appearances on Raw that year ; they were defeated by World Tag Team Champions The Steiner Brothers in a title match on August 30 , and were victorious over Mark Thomas and Scott Taylor on August 4 . At SummerSlam 1993 on August 30 , the Heavenly Bodies faced the Steiner Brothers with the World Tag Team Championship on the line , but were defeated .
At the 1993 Survivor Series on November 24 in the Boston Garden , the Heavenly Bodies faced The Rock 'n ' Roll Express for the SMW Tag Team Championship . Though the Rock 'N Roll Express appeared to have the match won , the Heavenly Bodies defeated them after Del Ray struck Robert Gibson with Cornette 's tennis racket while the referee was distracted , enabling Prichard to pin Gibson and win the titles .
At WrestleMania X on March 20 , 1994 in Madison Square Garden , the Heavenly Bodies defeated The Bushwhackers in a dark match . They returned to WWF television on the April 25 episode of Raw , defeating John Paul and Jason Headings .
At the 1994 Survivor Series on November 23 , the Heavenly Bodies took part in a ten-man survivor match , teaming with Bam Bam Bigelow , Tatanka , and King Kong Bundy as Ted DiBiase 's Million Dollar Team . The Million Dollar Team defeated their opponents , Guts and Glory ( Lex Luger , Mabel , Adam Bomb , and the Smoking Gunns ) , although both Prichard and Del Ray were eliminated from the match . Prichard and Del Ray both participated in the 30-man Royal Rumble match on January 22 , 1995 . He was eliminated by British Bulldog . They made sporadic appearances on Raw over the next year , with their final appearance being a loss to The Smoking Gunns on the March 20 , 1995 episode of Raw . Jimmy Del Ray lost a single match to Bret Hart on Superstars on April 25 , 1995 . Del Ray 's last WWF match was a loss to Intercontinental champion Shawn Michaels on RAW July 24 , 1995 .
United States Wrestling Association ( 1995 )
After WWF , Del Ray and Prichard went to United States Wrestling Association where they defeated PG-13 ( J. C. Ice and Wolfie D ) to capture the USWA Tag Team Championship . They would feud with PG-13 .
Extreme Championship Wrestling ( 1995–1996 )
The Heavenly Bodies made several appearances in Extreme Championship Wrestling in December 1995 as members of Raven 's Nest . At ECW December To Dismember : Ultimate Jeopardy on December 9 , the Heavenly Bodies faced Raven 's enemies , the Public Enemy , in a tag team bout . The match had stipulations applying to the losers - if the Public Enemy lost , they would face one another later that night , while if the Heavenly Bodies lost , the Eliminators ( members of Raven 's Nest ) would be forced to leave ECW , while their manager , Jason , would have his head shaved . Moreover , if the Heavenly Bodies were defeated , then Raven 's valet , Beulah McGillicutty , would be forced to spend a week with Tommy Dreamer , while Raven 's Nest member Stevie Richards would be locked in a steel cage for five minutes with the winners of the Ultimate Jeopardy match later that night . The Heavenly Bodies lost their match , leading to the enforcement of the aforementioned stipulations . Later that evening , Raven , Richards , the Eliminators , and the Heavenly Bodies faced Dreamer , the Pitbulls , and the Public Enemy in an ultimate jeopardy match . The match was won by Dreamer , who pinned Richards . Richards was subsequently locked in the cage with Dreamer 's team , but Raven and his Nest attacked Dreamer 's team before they could hurt him . Raven 's Nest then attacked Dreamer 's team until The Sandman drove them away .
After December to Dismember the Heavenly Bodies disbanded when Tom Prichard went back to WWF . Del Ray would go into singles competition . He lost to Bubba Ray Dudley at House Party , while he was managed by Mr. Hughes .
Independent Circuit ( 1996 )
After leaving ECW , Del Ray would work in the independent circuit . On September 21 , 1996 he lost to Tito Santana at World Wrestling Association in Bloomsburg , Pennsylvania . A week later he lost to NWA North American Heavyweight Champion Reckless Youth at NWA New Jersey .
World Championship Wrestling ( 1996–1997 )
Del Ray later joined World Championship Wrestling ( WCW ) as Jimmy Graffiti . Was part of the cruiserweight division and competed against Dean Malenko , Chris Jericho , Rey Mysterio , and Billy Kidman . He took part in the three ring battle royal at the 1996 World War 3 event on November 24 . Del Ray remained in WCW until a knee injury forced him to retire in 1997 .
Retirement ( 1997–2014 )
After retiring , he worked as an instructor in Steve Keirn 's Floridian professional wrestling school for several years , training wrestlers such as Buck Quartermain and Steve Madison , and managed a tag team known as The New Heavenly Bodies . Del Ray later retired from training wrestlers and started a hardwood flooring company named Ferrier 's Fine Flooring Inc. in Tampa , Florida in March 2006 . In September 2013 , he registered another Tampa company called Ferrier 's Flooring Inc .
Death
Ferrier , who lived in Valrico , Florida , died at the Tampa General Hospital on December 6 , 2014 . He was 52 years old . Ferrier had suffered a heart attack at the wheel of his truck on US 301 near the Florida State Fairgrounds . Two days later , WWE.com noted his death and offered condolences to his friends , family and colleagues .
Championships and accomplishments
Championship Wrestling from Florida
FCW Tag Team Championship ( 1 time ) – with Brett Sawyer
Wrestling International New Generations
W * ING World Junior Heavyweight Championship ( 1 time )
Florida Championship Wrestling / Pro Wrestling Federation
PWF Junior Heavyweight Championship ( 3 times )
OSW Hall of Fame ( 2021 )
Future Championship Wrestling
FCW Junior Heavyweight Championship ( 1 time )
Independent Wrestling Association Mid-South
IWA Mid-South Light Heavyweight Championship ( 1 time )
Pennsylvania Championship Wrestling
PCW Tag Team Championship ( 1 time ) – with Tom Prichard
Pro Wrestling Illustrated
PWI ranked him 73 of the 100 best tag teams of the `` PWI Years '' with Tom Prichard in 2003
Smoky Mountain Wrestling
SMW Beat the Champ Television Championship ( 1 time )
SMW Tag Team Championship ( 3 times ) – with Tom Prichard
Frontier Martial Arts Wrestling
FMW World Light Heavyweight Championship ( 2 times )
United States Wrestling Association
USWA World Tag Team Championship ( 1 time ) – with Tom Prichard
References
External links
1962 births
2014 deaths
20th-century professional wrestlers
American male professional wrestlers
People from Grove City , Pennsylvania
People from Valrico , Florida
Professional wrestlers from Pennsylvania
Professional wrestling managers and valets
USWA World Tag Team Champions
AWA World Light Heavyweight Champions
NWA Florida Tag Team Champions
SMW Tag Team Champions
Lithuania will be represented by 25 athletes at the 2010 European Athletics Championships held in Barcelona , Spain .
Participants
Results
Men
Track and road events
Field events
Women
Track and road events
Field events
References
LLAF official website
Nations at the 2010 European Athletics Championships
2010
European Athletics Championships
Eboni Davis ( born November 16 , 1992 ) , known professionally as Ebonee Davis , is an American model and activist . She appeared in season 18 of America 's Next Top Model . She gave a TED Talk on the experience of being an African-American model in the fashion industry . She is known for her Calvin Klein campaign , in which she wore her natural hair .
America 's Next Top Model
Davis won one challenge and received one first call-out in week 5 . She was also part of a non-elimination bottom four with American contestant Candace Smith , former Britain 's Next Top Model , Cycle 6 Runner-Up Alisha White and former Britain 's Next Top Model , Cycle 5 contestant Ashley Brown in week 3 after former Britain 's Next Top Model , Cycle 5 Runner-Up Louise Watts decided to quit the competition . She also survived a bottom two appearance over American contestant Seymone Cohen-Fobish in week 8 and was eliminated ninth in week 10 where Alisha White who survived also decided to quit the competition immediately in order to accommodate Davis . White was allowed to leave however Davis ' elimination decision was final . This resulted in the first time in the show 's history that more than one contestant decided to quit during the same season and also the first time where all three remaining contestants ( the last American contestant Laura LaFrate and former Britain 's Next Top Model , Cycle 5 contestants Annaliese Dayes and Sophie Sumner who eventually won America 's Next Top Model , Cycle 18 ) made it to the next judging without ever appearing in the bottom two at any time throughout the competition .
Career
Davis began her career by going to an open casting call in Seattle , Washington . She starred in season 18 of America 's Next Top Model , she was eliminated during the show 's tenth episode .
She has since appeared in magazines like Sports Illustrated 's Swimsuit Issue , Glamour , Teen Vogue , and Harper 's Bazaar UK . She has also been featured in advertisements for Calvin Klein , L'Oréal , Pantene , Urban Outfitters , Victoria 's Secret Pink , and GAP . She was also one of the models in Kanye West 's Season 4 fashion show .
References
Living people
1992 births
21st-century African-American people
21st-century African-American women
African-American female models
American female models
The Lions ( agency ) models
People from Seattle
Select Model Management models
Top Model finalists
Haveley tram stop was a proposed tram stop on the phase 3b plans to Manchester Airport which would have been located immediately east of the M56 motorway . It was originally due to open in 2016 but was dropped from the plans .
References
External links
Light Rail Transit Association
Metrolink Airport Line
Airport route map
Proposed Manchester Metrolink tram stops
Ahiyeh ( , also Romanized as Āhīyeh ; also known as ‘ Alīābād-e Āhīyeh ) is a village in Tarand Rural District , Jalilabad District , Pishva County , Tehran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 275 , in 53 families .
References
Populated places in Pishva County
Bargoens is a form of Dutch slang . More specifically , it is a cant language that arose in the 17th century , and was used by criminals , tramps and travelling salesmen as a secret code , like Spain 's Germanía or French Argot . It is speculated to originate from Rotwelsch
However , the word Bargoens usually refers to the thieves ' cant spoken in the latter half of the 19th century and the first half of the 20th century . The actual slang varied greatly from place to place ; often Bargoens denotes the variety from the Holland region in the Netherlands . While many words from Bargoens have faded into obscurity , others have become part of standard Dutch ( but are more often used in the `` Hollandic '' than in other Dutch dialects ) . Hufter ( jerk ) , gappen ( to steal ) and poen ( money ) are examples of words now common in Dutch . As is the case for most thieves ' languages , many of the words from Bargoens are either insults or concern money , crime or sex .
Bargoens has many Yiddish loanwords . Examples are sjacheren ( to barter ) , mesjogge ( crazy ) , jatten ( hands , to steal ) , gabber ( buddy , friend ) , tof ( great ) , hachelen ( to eat ) .
The name of this cant is close to baragouin , which means `` jargon '' in French . It is supposed to have been derived either from the Breton words bara+gwin ( bread+wine ) or from Bourgondisch ( 'Burgundish ' , i.e . [ the language ] from Burgundy ) .
Many Woonwagenbewoners ( Dutch Travellers ) used to speak this language as well .
Examples
Also the nicknames of former Dutch guilders were Bargoens :
See also
Grypsera
Cant languages
Dutch words and phrases
Languages of the Netherlands
Yiddish culture in the Netherlands
Bowling competitions at the 2021 Junior Pan American Games in Cali , Colombia , were scheduled to be held from November 28 to 30 , 2021 .
Medal summary
Medal table
Medalists
References
Bowling
Pan American Games
Qualification tournaments for the 2023 Pan American Games
Lovey Mary is a 1926 American comedy-drama film directed by King Baggot , with Bessie Love in the title role . It is based on the 1903 novel of the same name by Alice Hegan Rice , a sequel to Rice 's Mrs. Wiggs of the Cabbage Patch . It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer .
The film survives , but is incomplete .
Plot
Lovey Mary ( Love ) runs away from an orphanage with Tommy ( Combs ) so that he will not have to return to his bad mother . Lovey and Tommy stay at the home of Miss Hazey ( Ogden ) , who is about to marry a man whom she knows only from correspondence .
Billy Wiggs ( Haines ) lives next door , and Lovey works with his sisters in a factory to earn money for herself and Tommy . On the day of Miss Hazey 's wedding , her fiancee recognizes Lovey from the orphanage and reveals her true identity . Lovey and Billy plan to marry and adopt Tommy .
Cast
Production
To help her decide whether to participate in the film , MGM lent Bessie Love a copy of the novel Lovey Mary by Alice Hegan Rice in 1925—then-valued at $ 25 ( ) . Love never returned the book .
References
External links
Production still
1926 films
1926 comedy-drama films
American comedy-drama films
American silent feature films
American black-and-white films
Films based on American novels
Films directed by King Baggot
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer films
Films based on works by Alice Hegan Rice
1920s American films
Silent comedy-drama films
Silent American drama films
Silent American comedy films
The ( ) were officials of the Republic of Venice responsible for the provisioning and equipment of the ships and crews of the Venetian navy .
History
Up to the mid-16th century , naval matters were supervised by the five-member board of the , but gradually a more complex and professional administration was built up .
As part of this process , already in 1497 , two patricians were entrusted with supervising naval affairs , as the , whose number was raised to three in 1499 . In 1545 , two were established , raised in 1644 to three , to supervise the provisioning , equipment and clothing of the fleet and its crews . They had the right to appoint any officer other than patricians , and to try disputes between officers , sailors , and convict crewmen . As such , they formed part of the Venetian admiralty , the , along with the of the Venetian Arsenal and other officials .
They had to be kept abreast of the location and role of all naval personnel at all times , so that anyone required for a particular task might be mobilized at once . This lasted until the end of the 16th century . With the onset of a longer period of peace after that , the rolls of eligible personnel , supposed to be renewed every ten years , were neglected .
They were also responsible for supervising the outfitting and decommissioning of every warship in person , checking the presence of the assigned crews and material and the accounting books , and of handing over to the captains their written instructions . All senior naval commanders ( ) had to file reports every two months to the on wages and other expenses , while the were obliged to perform monthly inspections . Galley captains ( ) were obliged to report the number of their hired crewmen and the money owed to the upon the decommissioning of their ship within 15 days .
References
Sources
Government of the Republic of Venice
1545 establishments in Italy
16th-century establishments in the Republic of Venice
Venetian navy
Vasheqan ( , also Romanized as Vāsheqān , Vāshqān , and Vāshaqān ; also known as Vāsheqeh , Vashghan , and Wāshghān ) is a village in Talkh Ab Rural District , Khenejin District , Farahan County , Markazi Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 129 , in 65 families .
References
Populated places in Farahan County
is a district of Minato , Tokyo , Japan . It consists of 1 to 3-chōme . Azabu-Jūban Station is located in this district .
Azabu-Juban is a residential area in central Tokyo with a mixture of Japanese shops , restaurants and bars . The convenience of several supermarkets in a central location and the proximity of Hiroo and Roppongi make it one of the most trendy and sought after residential areas of Tokyo . The main street , a block away from a busy road junction , has a village-like feel with cobbled stoned paving in some places . This atmosphere is created by the narrow streets , slow moving traffic , and a mixture of stores operated by older owners . Even the McDonald 's has been carefully designed to be architecturally sympathetic .
Azabu-Juban is known for being the main setting of the famous magical girls manga/anime series , Sailor Moon .
Azabu-Juban matsuri
In the middle of August ( usually at the beginning or end of the Japanese Obon holiday ) , Azabu-Juban holds one of the most famous local summer festivals ( matsuri ) in Tokyo ;
The event takes place over two days on Saturday and Sunday with the streets being lined with local stalls and food vendors .
Traffic is typically blocked from 3:00 to 9:00 pm on both days .
During this time , large crowds of festival goers make the main streets largely impassable .
In 2011 , this festival was cancelled , due to the practice of - voluntary self-restraint - implemented after the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake .
Azabu-Juban hot spring
Until 2008 , Azabu-juban had one of several natural onsen ( : ja : 麻布十番温泉 ) in Tokyo .
Every Sunday from 3:00 pm visitors could enjoy traditional Japanese songs ( enka ) and dancing .
The site of the hot spring has since become a car park .
In fiction
The protagonists of the manga and anime series Sailor Moon resides in this district .
See also
Arbat ( encompassing both the `` New Arbat '' avenue and the `` Old Arbat '' street to form what is known as `` Arbat district '' ) , similar location in the very center of Russian Federation 's capital .
References
Districts of Minato , Tokyo
Champaign County is a county in the U.S. state of Illinois . As of the 2020 census , its population was 205,865 , making it the 10th-most populous county in Illinois . Its county seat is Urbana .
Champaign County is part of the Champaign–Urbana , IL Metropolitan Statistical Area . The twin cities of Urbana and Champaign are the only cities in the county , and they nearly surround the campus of the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign .
History
Champaign County was organized in 1833 , having been previously a part of Vermilion County . The development of the county was greatly furthered by the arrival of the Chicago Branch of the Illinois Central Railroad , and even more by the establishment of the land-grant university . Later , the county also got an airport and a mass transit district . The northern part of the county experienced an economic and demographic setback with the closing of Chanute Air Training Center in the 1990s . In the 2004 Presidential election , it was one of only 15 of the 102 Illinois counties where John Kerry received a majority of the vote ( 50.37 % ) .
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 0.2 % ) is water . It is the fifth-largest county in Illinois by land area .
Because Champaign County is situated on a large and very flat plateau , it had virtually no natural drainage , so that much of the County consisted of wetlands until drainage ditches were built , beginning in the 1870s . This was an example of an upland marsh , which resulted in a high incidence of malaria before the late nineteenth century .
The topography of Champaign County was formed by the Wisconsin Glacier about 20,000 years before the present . Lobes of ice from what is now Lake Michigan crossed the county , creating a deep pile of glacial soil , up to 300 feet thick , topped by numerous moraines forming small , flat watersheds with no outlets .
Champaign County is situated on the divide between the Ohio and Mississippi Rivers . Rivers flow out of Champaign County to the east , west , and south . The Kaskaskia River has its origin to the northwest of Champaign , draining the western side of that City . The Kaskaskia flows toward the southwest , joining the Mississippi south of St. Louis , Missouri .
The Embarras River , on the other hand , drains the south-central portion of the Champaign–Urbana metropolitan area , originating in southeastern Champaign and flowing through the experimental fields on the southern part of the campus of the University of Illinois . The is a tributary to the Wabash River and Ohio River systems . The northeast corner of Champaign , the central portion of the University campus , and the northern part of Urbana are drained by the Boneyard Creek , which flows into the Saline Ditch , a tributary of the Vermilion and Wabash rivers .
Adjacent counties
McLean County – northwest
Ford County – north
Vermilion County – east
Edgar County – southeast
Douglas County – south
Piatt County – west
Transportation
Major highways
Interstate 57
Interstate 72
Interstate 74
US Route 45
US Route 136
US Route 150
Illinois Route 10
Illinois Route 47
Illinois Route 49
Illinois Route 54
Illinois Route 130
Airports
The following public-use airports are located in the county :
University of Illinois Willard Airport ( CMI ) – Champaign–Urbana
Rantoul National Aviation Center ( Frank Elliott Field ) ( TIP ) – Rantoul
Frasca Field ( C16 ) – Urbana
Rail
There are two train stations in Champaign County : The Illinois Terminal in downtown Champaign and Rantoul station in Rantoul . Both stations are served by the Amtrak Illini and Saluki trains , which operate once daily between Chicago and Carbondale . The Illinois Terminal is also served by the City of New Orleans , which operates once daily between Chicago and New Orleans . Amtrak passenger trains in Champaign County use the former Illinois Central mainline , which is owned by the Canadian National Railway and also used by freight trains .
The Norfolk Southern Railway operates two branch lines in Champaign County : the Mansfield Line from Urbana to Mansfield and the Lafayette District from Decatur to Peru , Indiana . Canadian National also operates branch lines from Champaign to Seymour and Rantoul to Dewey . Traffic on the branch lines is limited and consists primarily of freight .
Intercity Buses
Amtrak , Greyhound , and Peoria Charter operate intercity buses from Champaign-Urbana to Chicago , St. Louis , Indianapolis , and other destinations .
Public Transit
The Champaign-Urbana Mass Transit District operates public city buses in Champaign , Urbana , and Savoy .
Renewable energy
In August 2018 , the Champaign County Board voted to approve solar farms on certain agricultural properties . Solar farms produce photovoltaic energy , which is energy produced by cells that generate electricity when they are hit by light . The board approved solar farms in AG-1 and AG-2 agricultural zoning districts . In order to make the solar farms , developers must obtain a special permit from the county board first . At least seven applications for permits were submitted in the first month .
Climate and weather
In recent years , average temperatures in the county seat of Urbana have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July , although a record low of was recorded in January 1999 and a record high of was recorded in July 1954 . Average monthly precipitation ranged from in January to in May .
Demographics
As of the 2010 census , there were 201,081 people , 80,665 households , and 42,737 families residing in the county . The population density was . There were 87,569 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 73.4 % white , 12.4 % black or African American , 8.9 % Asian , 0.3 % American Indian , 0.1 % Pacific islander , 2.2 % from other races , and 2.7 % from two or more races . Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 5.3 % of the population . In terms of ancestry , 23.9 % were German , 12.2 % were Irish , 11.5 % were American , and 8.9 % were English .
Of the 80,665 households , 25.8 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 39.7 % were married couples living together , 9.9 % had a female householder with no husband present , 47.0 % were non-families , and 33.2 % of all households were made up of individuals . The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 2.95 . The median age was 28.9 years .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 45,262 and the median income for a family was $ 65,785 . Males had a median income of $ 45,823 versus $ 35,321 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 24,553 . About 9.7 % of families and 20.5 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 20.2 % of those under age 18 and 8.3 % of those age 65 or over .
The Champaign County Economic Development Corporation ( CHCEDC ) produced a 2009 County Demographic Profile which includes information on the population , labor , housing , cost of living , education , taxes , retail sales , transportation , quality of life , utilities . CHCEDC also conducts labor force studies every two years and labor shed studies every few years .
Economy
Supported by the University of Illinois , through backings such as the Research Park , and Champaign County leaders , the area has shown even more growth in Information Technology , Micro/Nanotechnology , Bio-Imaging , Healthcare , Logistics , Distribution , and Agribusiness in recent years .
The Top 2009 Employers of the county are the University of Illinois , Carle Clinic Association , Carle Foundation Hospital , Champaign Schools Unit 4 , Kraft Foods , Provena Covenant Medical , Parkland College , Kirby Foods , Christie Clinic Association , Urbana Schools District , and Hobbico .
Communities
Cities
Champaign ( the largest city )
Urbana ( county seat )
Villages
Bondville
Broadlands
Fisher
Foosland
Gifford
Homer
Ivesdale
Longview
Ludlow
Mahomet
Ogden
Pesotum
Philo
Rantoul
Royal
Sadorus
Savoy
Sidney
St. Joseph
Thomasboro
Tolono
Townships
Ayers
Brown
Champaign
Champaign City
Colfax
Compromise
Condit
Crittenden
Cunningham
East Bend
Harwood
Hensley
Kerr
Ludlow
Mahomet
Newcomb
Ogden
Pesotum
Philo
Rantoul
Raymond
Sadorus
Scott
Sidney
Somer
South Homer
St. Joseph
Stanton
Tolono
Urbana
Census-designated places
Lake of the Woods
Penfield
Seymour
Other unincorporated places
Augerville
Block
Bongard
Dailey
Deers
Dewey
Dickerson
Dillsburg
Flatville
Fulls
Gerald
Giblin
Glover
Jimtown
Leverett
Lotus
Mayview
Mira
Parkville
Pauline
Prospect
Rising
Rutherford
Sellers
Staley
State Road
Tipton
Tomlinson
Wilbur Heights
Politics
Like most of central Illinois , Champaign County was powerfully Republican between the Civil War and the latter portion of the 20th century . From 1856 to 1988 , it only supported a Democrat three times , in the national Democratic landslides of 1932 , 1936 and 1964 . Pockets of Democratic support existed in the cities of Champaign and Urbana , which frequently sent Democrats to the Illinois House of Representatives .
Since 1992 , Champaign County has been one of the few Democratic bastions in central Illinois , and has become one of the most Democratic counties in downstate Illinois . It has supported a Democrat in the last eight presidential elections , and since 2004 has given a majority to Democratic candidates . This tracks closely with the strong Democratic trend in other counties influenced by college towns since the 1990s . The county 's more rural precincts are still heavily Republican , however , they are no match for Champaign and Urbana , which account for over 60 percent of the county 's population . George H. W. Bush in 1988 was the last Republican to carry the county , and Barack Obama 's 2008 performance was the best by a Democrat until Joe Biden 's 2020 performance surpassed it . Donald Trump had a particularly poor showing in the county in 2016 , receiving a little over 35 % of the vote , his third-worst showing in the state and his worst outside the Chicago area .
Education
Here is a list of K-12 school districts with territory in the county , no matter how slight , even if the districts have their schools and/or administrative offices in other counties :
K-12 :
Arthur Community Unit School District 305
Bement Community Unit School District 5
Champaign Community Unit School District 4
Fisher Community Unit School District 1
Gibson City-Melvin-Sibley Community Unit School District 5
Heritage Community Unit School District 8
Mahomet-Seymour Community Unit School District 3
Monticello Community Unit School District 25
Paxton-Buckley-Loda Community Unit School District 10
Tolono Community Unit School District 7
Tuscola Community Unit School District 301
Urbana School District 116
Villa Grove Community Unit School District 302
Secondary :
Armstrong Township High School District 225
Rantoul Township High School District 193
St. Joseph-Ogden Community High School District 305
Elementary :
Armstrong-Ellis Consolidated School District 61
Gifford Community Consolidated School District 188
Ludlow Community Consolidated School District 142
Prairieview-Ogden Community Consolidated School District 197
Rantoul City School District 137
St. Joseph Community Consolidated School District 169
Thomasboro Community Consolidated School District 130
University of Illinois is in the county .
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Champaign County , Illinois
References
Bibliography
External links
Champaign County Official Page
Champaign County Visitors Information
Champaign County Economic Development Corporation
United States Census Bureau 2007 TIGER/Line Shapefiles
United States Board on Geographic Names ( GNIS )
United States National Atlas
Book of the Champaign County Courthouse dedication from 1901
Illinois counties
1833 establishments in Illinois
Populated places established in 1833
Bishowambhar Prasad Shrestha ( ) is a Nepalese judge . He is currently a justice of the Supreme Court of Nepal .
See also
Deepak Raj Joshee
Gopal Prasad Parajuli
References
External links
Supreme Court of Nepal
Living people
Justices of the Supreme Court of Nepal
1959 births
Nepalese Hindus
People from Doti District
Alexander Lindgren ( born February 23 , 1993 ) is a Swedish former professional ice hockey player . He made his Elitserien debut playing with Brynäs IF during the 2012–13 Elitserien season . Lindgren was forced to retire in late 2015 due to a concussion suffered while playing in the HockeyAllsvenskan with Timrå IK .
Career statistics
References
External links
1993 births
Living people
Almtuna IS players
Brynäs IF players
Timrå IK players
Swedish ice hockey forwards
Ice hockey people from Stockholm
The Institutional Republican Party ( ) , until 2013 known as the Guatemalan Republican Front ( Frente Republicano Guatemalteco ) , was a right-wing to far-right political party in Guatemala .
History
It was created in 1989 by former president and dictator Efraín Ríos Montt , and formally registered in 1990 . It chose Ríos Montt as its candidate , but he was not allowed to stand because of a constitutional ban on former coup leaders such as himself from seeking the presidency . By the time the decision was made to ban him , it was too late for the FRG to choose another candidate . They did win 10 seats in the National Congress in those concurrent elections . It was the main component of the `` No Sell-Out Platform , '' an alliance of right-wing parties .
In early elections only to the Congress in 1994 the FRG gained 32 seats and became the largest single party in the legislature . In the 1995 presidential election , FRG candidate Alfonso Portillo narrowly lost in the second round , which is a run-off between the two highest placed candidates from the first round ballot . It gained a reduced 21 seats in Congress .
In 1999 Alfonso Portillo won the Presidential election , while the FRG , with 63 seats , had a majority in Congress . Ríos Montt became the President of Congress ( speaker ) . Paradoxically they gained their strongest support from the same rural communities that had most suffered under the former rule of Ríos Montt between 1982 and 1983 .
For the 2003 presidential elections , the FRG again put forward Ríos Montt as its presidential candidate . Contradictory judicial rulings on whether he would be able to stand motivated a march on Guatemala City by FRG supporters bussed in from all over the country on 24 July , resulting in a chaotic situation known as Jueves Negro ( `` Black Thursday '' ) . Days later the ban on Ríos Montt 's candidacy was lifted by the Constitutional Court . Opponents claimed that the FRG obtained that ruling by previously appointing its own loyalists to the high court . Meanwhile , Ríos Montt claimed that previous judicial rulings preventing him from running for president were the work of his political opponents .
Despite a vigorously run campaign , the violence of Jueves Negro , as well as the numerous corruption scandals of the incumbent Portillo administrations , adversely impacted Ríos Montt 's popularity and credibility . He was third in first round of voting , with 19.3 % of the ballots . In the congressional elections held the same day , 9 November 2003 , the FRG won 19.7 % of the popular vote and 43 out of 158 seats , dropping to second in the chamber .
Ríos Montt 's daughter , Zury Ríos , was the party 's floor leader .
For the 2007 elections , the party chose Luis Rabbe as its presidential candidate . With the large number of right-wing parties running in the election , the FRG was badly defeated in these elections . Rabbe came in fifth place with 7.3 % of the vote , and the party received 9 % of the vote and 15 seats in the congressional elections .
In January 2013 , the FRG was renamed to Institutional Republican Party ( PRI ) . Zury Ríos left the party to become Vision with Values ( ViVa ) 's presidential candidate in 2015 . Instead , PRI nominated the manager and Congressman Luis Fernando Pérez as its candidate .
2015 election
In the legislative elections held on September 6 , 2015 , the PRI secured 57,948 votes ( 1.25 % of the total ) in the race for national-list deputies and , save for defections , will have no representation in the 2016-2020 Congress . In the presidential election held on the same day , its candidate Luis Fernando Pérez received 41,969 votes ( 0.86 % ) .
Having failed to secure the minimum of 5 % of the popular vote or one seat in Congress , the PRI forfeited its official registration as a party . The party was dissolved soon afterwards .
References
External links
Official web site
Conservative parties in Guatemala
Defunct political parties in Guatemala
The Barue uprising ( also known as the Barue revolt or the Barue rebellion ) was an uprising in 1917 during WW1 in Portuguese Mozambique .
The colonial authorities in Portuguese Mozambique increased the brutality of their occupation during the war . `` Revolting practices '' criticised by the British , such as forced labour , were increasingly applied despite the abolition of slavery . Press gangs ( cipais ) used the most brutal coercion to mobilise whole populations , young , old and infirm people not being exempted and women being raped . By the end of 1916 , many young men had fled to Southern Rhodesia and Transvaal to escape the Portuguese and to earn living wages . The condition of the populations left behind worsened to the point that when the cipais tried to raise another 5,000 carriers from the kingdom of Barue in March 1917 , the population rebelled . Disgust at Portuguese depredations united many peoples but the rivals for the title of Makombe of the Wabarue fought independent campaigns , attracting support from the bandits in the Zambesi valley . At the end of April , the rebels routed a Portuguese force sent to suppress the rising and reached the provincial capital of Tete ; by the end of May had overrun most of Zambezia Province . About 100,000 people crossed the border into British Nyasaland and the Rhodesian colonies to escape the violence but the disruption did little to alter British disdain for Portuguese methods and despite having received troops to help put down the Chilembwe rebellion , they refused to send troops , only allowing guns and ammunition over the border . In May the Portuguese began to suppress the rebels by butchering thousands of people , enslaving women and plundering territory . The rebels held out into November and the rivals for the title of Makombe fled to Southern Rhodesia . During June the Portuguese had to divide their forces and send thousands of Portuguese and local troops to attack the Makonde living on the Mvua plateau , who had also rebelled . Another rebellion broke out early in 1918 .
References
Bibliography
History of Mozambique
1917 in Portuguese Mozambique
Rebellions in Africa
Portugal in World War I
African resistance to colonialism
Steve Burton ( born June 28 , 1970 ) is an American actor , best known for his portrayal of Jason Morgan on General Hospital from 1991 to 2012 and 2017 to 2021 , and Dylan McAvoy on The Young and the Restless from 2013 to 2017 . He also voiced the character Cloud Strife in a wide range of Square Enix products , including Final Fantasy VII : Advent Children and the Kingdom Hearts series . In 2017 , Burton returned to General Hospital in the role of Jason Morgan using the alias of `` Patient 6 . '' In 2019 , he also briefly stepped into the role of Jason 's twin brother , Drew Cain ( Billy Miller ) in various flashbacks with Shiloh Archer ( Coby Ryan McLaughlin ) .
Career
Burton got his break as surfer Chris Fuller on Out of This World in 1987 , and later appeared as Harris Michaels on Days of Our Lives in 1988 . In the 1990s he studied acting at Theater Theater in Hollywood , California and was coached by Jon Cedar and Chris Aable . Burton began playing Jason Morgan on the daytime soap opera General Hospital in 1991 , and won a Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Drama Series in 1998 . In 2007 , Burton also appeared as Jason in the first season of General Hospital : Night Shift .
Burton appeared in the science fiction miniseries Taken and in the movie The Last Castle in 2001 with Robert Redford and James Gandolfini . Additionally Burton is the voice actor of Cloud Strife in the Kingdom Hearts series and much of the Compilation of Final Fantasy VII . He has voiced Cloud in the game Kingdom Hearts and its sequel , Kingdom Hearts II . He is in the CGI movie Final Fantasy VII : Advent Children and the video games Dirge of Cerberus : Final Fantasy VII , Crisis Core : Final Fantasy VII , Dissidia Final Fantasy , and Dissidia 012 Final Fantasy .
On August 28 , 2012 , Burton confirmed that he would exit General Hospital in October . On January 29 , 2013 , he joined the cast of The Young and the Restless as Dylan McAvoy . On October 6 , 2016 , Burton announced via social media that he would not renew his deal with the soap and would exit the role of Dylan . He was subsequently awarded another Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actor for his The Young and the Restless role in 2017 . In June 2017 , ABC Daytime announced that Burton would be returning to General Hospital . In November 2021 , Burton was fired from General Hospital due to his refusal to comply with the production 's COVID-19 vaccine mandate . In April 2022 , it was announced Burton had joined the cast of Days of Our Lives : Beyond Salem in his former Days of Our Lives role as Harris Michaels .
Personal life
Burton was born in Indianapolis , Indiana . He grew up in the Cleveland , Ohio , suburb of Richmond Heights before he moved to Hollywood . He graduated from Beverly Hills High School in Beverly Hills , California .
Burton married Sheree Gustin on January 16 , 1999 . They have three children : two daughters and a son . In May 2022 , Burton announced he and Gustin had separated and that he is not the father of the child Gustin is pregnant with . Burton filed for divorce in July 2022 , citing March 1 as their date of separation and 'irreconcilable differences ' as the reason for the divorce . Burton is seeking joint legal custody of the children he and Gustin share .
Burton appeared on High Stakes Poker season three and donated his earnings to his fan club to build a clubhouse .
Filmography
Awards and nominations
References
External links
ABC Daytime : General Hospital
Living people
20th-century American male actors
21st-century American male actors
American male soap opera actors
American male television actors
American male video game actors
American male voice actors
Beverly Hills High School alumni
Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Drama Series winners
Daytime Emmy Award winners
Male actors from Beverly Hills , California
Male actors from Cleveland
Male actors from Indianapolis
1970 births
Watford Football Club is an English football club from Watford , Hertfordshire . Formed on 15 April 1898 as a result of the amalgamation of two strong local clubs , Watford St. Mary 's and West Herts . West Herts began life as Watford Rovers in 1881 , the club entered the FA Cup for the first time in 1886 . In the same year , they also entered the county-wide Herts Senior Cup , reaching the final six times over the next ten years . Watford Rovers became West Herts in 1891 , and joined the Southern League for the 1896–97 season . The team started to change from one composed entirely of amateurs to one including paid professionals . In 1898 , West Herts amalgamated with Watford St Mary 's to form a new club , Watford Football Club .
The club participated in the Southern League from 1896 until 1920 , experiencing considerable success . They won six league titles in this period , including the Southern League First Division in 1914–15 . After the resumption of Southern League football following a four-year hiatus due to the First World War , Watford missed out on a second consecutive title in 1919–20 on goal average . They joined the Football League Third Division in the 1920–21 season , and following its subsequent reorganisation became founder members of the Third Division South in 1921 .
Watford competed in the Third Division South for the next 37 years , with little success . Fred Pagnam finished as the Division 's top scorer in 1922–23 , the club reached the final of the Third Division South Cup in 1935 and 1937 ( winning on the latter occasion ) , and Len Dunderdale scored 21 goals for Watford in 1938–39 despite leaving midway through the season . The team started to progress after the reorganisation of the Football League into four national divisions in 1958 . They won promotion to the Third Division in 1960 , the Second Division in 1969 , and reached the FA Cup semi-final in 1970 . However , the league progress was reversed with two relegations over the next five years , and in 1976–77 Watford were briefly bottom of the entire Football League .
A turning point in the club 's history came in the late 1970s . Singer , shareholder and lifelong Watford supporter Elton John became chairman in 1976 , and appointed Graham Taylor as manager in 1977 . The club achieved consecutive promotions between 1977 and 1979 , and reached the First Division for the first time in their history in 1982 . Furthermore , in 1982–83 Watford finished second in the First Division , and Luther Blissett was the division 's top scorer with 27 goals . Consequently , Watford qualified for the UEFA Cup in 1983–84 . They also reached their first FA Cup final , losing 2–0 to Everton at Wembley Stadium . Following Taylor 's departure in 1987 , Watford were relegated in 1988 .
Watford remained in English football 's second tier for eight seasons , until they were relegated in 1995–96 . Taylor returned as manager in 1997 , and for the second time in his career led Watford to consecutive promotions , although he was unable to prevent relegation from the Premier League in 1999–2000 . In the 21st century Watford have reached three FA Cup semi-finals , one League Cup semi-final , and spent three further seasons in the Premier League after winning the 2006 Football League Championship play-off final under the management of Aidy Boothroyd and following automatic promotion under Slaviša Jokanović in 2015 .
Key
South 1 = Southern League First Division
South 2 = Southern League Second Division
South 2L = Southern League Second London Division
Premier League = Premier League
Championship = EFL Championship
Division 1 = Football League First Division
Division 2 = Football League Second Division
Division 3 = Football League Third Division
Division 3S = Football League Third Division South
Division 4 = Football League Fourth Division
BCCL = Bucks & Contiguous Counties League
United = United League
Pld = Matches played
W = Matches won
D = Matches drawn
L = Matches lost
GF = Goals for
GA = Goals against
Pts = Points
Pos = Final position
PR = Preliminary Round
QR1 = First Qualifying Round
QR2 = Second Qualifying Round
QR3 = Third Qualifying Round
QR4 = Fourth Qualifying Round
QR5 = Fifth Qualifying Round
QR6 = Sixth Qualifying Round
R1 = Round 1
R2 = Round 2
R3 = Round 3
R4 = Round 4
R5 = Round 5
QF = Quarter-finals
SF = Semi-finals
F = Final
W = Winners
Seasons
Early history
The club was formed on 15 April 1898 as a result of the amalgamation of two strong local clubs , Watford St. Mary 's and West Herts . West Herts began life as Watford Rovers in 1881 , when George Devereux de Vere Capell , Earl of Essex and owner of Cassiobury Park , gave a group of boys permission to use the grounds for football . However , the agreement stipulated that the team could not play organised competitive matches on the estate . Members of the group included Henry Grover , the man later recognised as the club 's founder , and Charlie Peacock , who played for Hertfordshire , became involved with board meetings at the club , and became the proprietor of the Watford Observer , the local newspaper . Over the next five years the team participated exclusively in friendly matches against schools and local clubs . Matches played when the club was not entering competitions included the first recorded fixture against future rivals Luton Town ; a 1–0 home win to Watford on 5 December 1885 . In the 1886–87 season , Watford Rovers entered the FA Cup for the first time , although they were eliminated in their opening game . They have competed in at least one competition in every season since . From 1886 Rovers participated in the Herts Senior Cup , a competition open to all clubs in Hertfordshire , winning it on four occasions . They also participated in the Hennessey Cup—open to clubs within a radius of Uxbridge—between 1888 and 1891 . Rovers ' first match against Watford St Mary 's was a 7–4 home win on 17 January 1891 . The teams met on eleven further occasions prior to their amalgamation in 1898 . In total , Rovers and their successors West Herts won six times , St Mary 's four times , and the remaining two matches ended in draws .
League history
From 1896–97 until 1919–20 , the Football League and Southern League ran in parallel , and were organised by separate bodies . The Southern League was therefore not part of the English football league pyramid . In 1920–21 , the Southern League First Division was absorbed by the Football League , thus becoming part of the English football pyramid , initially as the Football League Third Division . From 1921–22 until 1957–58 , the Third Division South operated as the third highest level of English football , running in parallel with the Third Division North . From 1958–59 until 1991–92 , Division 1 was the highest level of English football , Division 2 the second highest , Division 3 the third highest and Division 4 the fourth highest . The Premier League was formed in 1992–93 , and since then has been the highest level of English football . Division 1 became the second level , and Division 2 the third level . In 2004–05 , Division 1 was renamed as the Football League Championship .
Footnotes
References
General
Specific
Seasons
Watford
Zhang Tang ( traditional Chinese : 張湯 ; simplified Chinese : 张汤 ; pinyin : Zhāng Tāng ; died 116 BC ) was a Chinese politician of the Western Han dynasty under Emperor Wu . He and his colleague , Gongsun Hong were Legalist bureaucrats .
Background
Zhang Tang was a native of Du , the son of a deputy in Changan 's city government . His father died before Zhang Tang became a minor official , but his mother , along with a number of younger brothers , outlived him . His son Zhang Ang was governor of Hanzhong . Another son , Zhang Anshi , was noted as having received a promotion after Zhang Tang 's death .
In a legend , on one occasion in his youth , a rat stole a piece of meat while Zhang Tang was minding the house . As a result , he was whipped when his father returned home . Zhang Tang later caught the rat , beat out a confession and documented its crime , then held a trial and had the rat crucified . His actions were noticed by his father , who was amazed to find that the entire process had been carried out in the manner of an experienced prison official . Henceforth , he employed Zhang Tang in writing legal documents .
Career
According to Sima Qian , after his father 's death , Zhang Tang became a clerk in Chang'an and served as an aide to Ning Cheng in the office of the prefect of the capital . Later he earned a promotion to Mouling on the basis of Ning Cheng 's recommendation , where he supervised the construction of Emperor Wu 's mausoleum . During the early stages of his career , he had secret dealings with a number of Changan 's wealthy merchants , although he discontinued such liaisons as he progressed to higher positions .
When Tian Sheng , the younger brother of the Empress Dowager , was arrested , Zhang Tang made every attempt to have him freed . Upon his release , Tian Sheng became friends with Zhang Tang and introduced him to members of the nobility . Later , his elder brother Tian Fen became chancellor and appointed Zhang Tang to be his secretary . He investigated sorcery allegations against Empress Chen , causing the downfall of both her and her faction . He gradually ascended through the ranks to palace counsellor .
Working with Zhao Yu , Zhang Tang increased the severity of the laws to prevent officials abusing their power . When dealing with those from prominent families , he had a habit of twisting the law to ensure that they were proven guilty , but often asked the Emperor for leniency in the cases of those from humble backgrounds , with the result that many in the latter category were spared . Amongst the prominent cases that he dealt with was that involving charges against the kings of Huainan , Hengshan and Jiangdu for planning rebellion . Later , Di Shan lambasted Zhang Tang to the Emperor for demonstrating false loyalty , citing his exceedingly forceful application of the law in dealing with the kings in this case as being a source of friction between the Emperor and his kin . Two men of high rank - Zhuang Zhu and Wu Bei - were also implicated in this crime , and despite the Emperor 's initial objections , Zhang Tang managed to persuade him that the men ought to be executed . As a result of his successful prosecution of high officials , Zhang Tang won much merit . Ultimately , he reached the rank of imperial secretary , and at one stage , he became so influential that all matters of state were decided upon by him , with the chancellor relegated to the status of a mere figurehead .
When someone wrote to the Emperor to suggest that the Bao and Ye rivers be joined by a road to facilitate grain transport , Zhang Tang assessed the proposal , recommending that the road should be built and that the two rivers should be dredged . The Emperor adopted this and appointed Zhang Tang 's son Zhang Ang to the post of governor of Hanzhong in order to supervise the work . Around 121 BC , a combination of foreign military operations and domestic disaster from flood and drought left the government treasury empty . Under the direction of the Emperor , Zhang Tang arranged for the minting of new currency and the nationalisation of the salt and iron industries , which had hitherto been in the hands of wealthy merchants . He also created a law to allow for the confiscation of the property of anyone who attempted to avoid the suan tax , with the result that he was able to destroy powerful families and landowners by a crafty application of the law . However , the populace remained discontented while government policies to alleviate their plight were being taken advantage of by unscrupulous officials for personal gain before they could take effect . Zhang Tang therefore made legal punishments harsher to prevent such corrupt behaviour . As a result of this , he became a target of blame by everyone from the highest officials down .
Zhang Tang was deceitful in nature and used his intelligence to take advantage of others , sometimes displaying outward admiration for men that he privately had little fondness for . Through his habit of paying calls on others even in the face of inclement weather , he was able to win widespread fame in spite of the severity and questionable objectivity of his legal work . After becoming a high official , Zhang Tang often looked after the interests of various relations of his old friends , treating them with great generosity . He regularly recommended to the Emperor the officials working under him , attributing the credit to one of them if the Emperor praised his handling of a case or accepting personal responsibility if the judgement was criticised and noting that he himself had foolishly rejected the advice of some subordinate who had expressed similar sentiments as the Emperor . In his dealings with the Emperor , Zhang Tang was careful to note his wishes , making use of classics such as the Book of Documents to back up decisions when the Emperor demonstrated interest in literary learning and assigning accused men to be handled by severe or lenient secretaries depending on whether he perceived the Emperor to want the men convicted or released . At the height of his career , he garnered such respect that his discourses on fiscal policy would receive the Emperor 's undivided attention and on one occasion was the recipient of a personal visit by the Emperor to his sickbed .
Downfall and death
A man named Li Wen , who bore a grudge against Zhang Tang , became an assistant in the office of the imperial secretary . Making use of the documents that passed through his hands there , he took every opportunity to make public any detail that reflected poorly on Zhang Tang and moreover ensured that he was held to account for them . Lu Yeju , a favourite secretary of Zhang Tang , got someone to report to the Emperor that Li Wen was engaged in rebellious and evil affairs . Zhang Tang was put in charge of the case and sentenced Li Wen to death . Despite knowing that the charges had been trumped up by Lu Yeju , Zhang Tang nevertheless pleaded ignorance when asked by the Emperor on who he thought to be responsible for bringing forth this accusation , responding by saying that it was probably the work of some old enemy of Li Wen 's .
Not long afterwards , Lu Yeju was taken ill , and Zhang Tang personally visited his bedside and massaged his legs for him . The King of Zhao had reason to hate both men , given that the charges that he had brought against central government officials had always been dismissed by Zhang Tang and as he had himself been the subject of charges drawn up by Lu Yeju . He suggested to the Emperor that the fact that an official as high-ranking as Zhang Tang had visited and even massaged his secretary 's legs was a sign that the two were engaged in planning some great crime . While these charges were being investigated , Lu Yeju died , but his brother became embroiled in the scandal and was arrested . It so happened that on one occasion , Zhang Tang was interviewing another prisoner held at the same place but pretended not to recognise Lu Yeju 's brother as he hoped to use underhanded means to assist him . However , the latter was oblivious to these intentions and resented being ignored , so he revealed to the throne that Zhang Tang and Lu Yeju had been responsible for the false charges against Li Wen . Jian Xuan , an enemy of Zhang Tang , was tasked with investigating these allegations .
Around the same time , Emperor Wen 's mausoleum was broken into and money offerings buried there were stolen . Zhang Tang made an agreement with Qing Di , the chancellor , that they would offer a joint apology to the Emperor for the crime , but when they appeared before him , Zhang Tang pointed out that he had no reason to apologise as the inspection of funerary parks was solely within the domain of the chancellor 's duties , and thus Qing Di alone offered his apologies . Zhang Tang was tasked with the investigation afterwards and made such an attempt to prove that Qing Di had intentionally neglected to report the incident that the latter felt threatened . His chief secretaries - Zhu Maichen ( a former associate of the Zhuang Zhu whose execution Zhang Tang had effected ) , Wang Chao and Bian Tong - informed him that Zhang Tang 's actions were motivated by his ambition of replacing Qing Di as chancellor . All three detested Zhang Tang , as they were all former high-ranking officials and resented having now to treat him with reverence , and so they plotted together to bring about his downfall . They arrested a number of his merchant friends , amongst whom Tian Xin admitted that he had received insider knowledge whenever Zhang Tang was about to submit a proposal to the Emperor , thereby allowing him to hoard goods and make large profits that he would then share with Zhang Tang .
When the report of Jian Xuan 's investigation was submitted , the findings convinced the Emperor that he had been swindled in front of his very eyes . However , Zhang Tang denied all the claims and refused to admit any guilt when envoys were sent to present him with the charges . The Emperor subsequently dispatched Zhao Yu , who Zhang Tang treated as an elder brother , to see him . Zhao Yu berated Zhang Tang , saying that he ought to understand his own situation given that he had inflicted it upon so many others , and that the Emperor did not want to haul him off to prison but rather hoped that he would end his own life . Thus convinced , Zhang Tang penned a letter apologising for his failures and accusing the chancellor 's three chief secretaries of causing his ruin , then committed suicide . After his death , it was found that his wealth amounted to no more than 500 pieces of gold , attributable to either his salary or to gifts that he had received from the Emperor .
Despite his brothers ' and sons ' wish for an extravagant funeral , his mother objected on the basis that his negative reputation did not warrant one , and so he was taken to the cemetery in an ox cart and buried without an outer coffin . Later , the chancellor 's three secretaries were charged and executed , while Qing Di himself also committed suicide . The Emperor , feeling regret for Zhang Tang 's fate , gave his son Zhang Anshi a promotion to a higher government position .
See also
Empress Chen Jiao
Liu Che
References
Year of birth unknown
116 BC deaths
Han dynasty politicians from Shaanxi
Politicians from Xi'an
Suicides in the Han dynasty
Wojciech Załuski ( born 5 April 1960 ) is a Polish prelate of the Catholic Church who has worked in the diplomatic service of the Holy See since 1985 . He has been an apostolic nuncio and an archbishop since 2014 .
Biography
He was born in Załuski-Lipniewo , in the center-east of Poland , on 5 April 1960 . He earned a degree in canon law .
On 1 June 1985 , he was ordained a priest for the Diocese of Łomza . He joined the diplomatic service of the Holy See on 1 July 1989 and filled assignments in Burundi , Malta , Albania , Zambia , Sri Lanka , Georgia , Ukraine , the Philippines , and Guatemala .
On 15 July 2014 , Pope Francis named him apostolic nuncio to Burundi and titular archbishop of Diocletiana . He received his episcopal consecration on 9 August from Cardinal Pietro Parolin , Secretary of State .
On 29 September 2020 , Pope Francis appointed him Apostolic Nuncio to Malaysia and to East Timor as well as Apostolic Delegate to Brunei .
See also
List of heads of the diplomatic missions of the Holy See
References
External links
Catholic Hierarchy : Archbishop Wojciech Załuski
1960 births
Living people
People from Ostrów Mazowiecka County
Apostolic Nuncios to Burundi
Apostolic Nuncios to Malaysia
Apostolic Nuncios to East Timor
Pontifical Ecclesiastical Academy alumni
Diplomats of the Holy See
Wagner VI is a pseudocylindrical whole Earth map projection . Like the Robinson projection , it is a compromise projection , not having any special attributes other than a pleasing , low distortion appearance . Wagner VI is equivalent to the Kavrayskiy VII horizontally elongated by a factor of . This elongation results in proper preservation of shapes near the equator but slightly more distortion overall . The aspect ratio of this projection is 2:1 , as formed by the ratio of the equator to the central meridian . This matches the ratio of Earth 's equator to any meridian .
The Wagner VI is defined by :
where is the longitude and is the latitude .
Inverse formula :
See also
List of map projections
Cartography
Kavrayskiy VII projection
Robinson projection
References
Map projections
Gederot Regional Council ( , Mo'atza Azorit Gderot ) is a regional council in the Central District of Israel . It is located between Ashdod , Yavne and Gedera and covers an area of 13,000 dunams . Founded in 1953 , it was named after a biblical town in the allotment of the tribe of Judah ( Joshua 15:41 ) Its population is 4,200 .
It borders on Brenner Regional Council to the north , Hevel Yavne Regional Council to the west , Be'er Tuvia Regional Council and Gan Yavne to the south , and the city of Gedera to the east .
List of settlements
The council includes six moshavim and one community settlement :
Aseret ( community settlement )
Gan HaDarom ( moshav )
Kfar Aviv ( moshav )
Kfar Mordechai ( moshav )
Meishar ( moshav )
Misgav Dov ( moshav )
Shdema ( moshav )
References
External links
Regional councils in Israel
Central District ( Israel )
Kambja is a small borough ( ) in Tartu County , Estonia . It is the administrative centre of Kambja Parish .
Earlier there was located Vastse-Kambja manor ( Neu-Kamby ) .
Kambja St. Martin 's Church
Kambja Church burned down several times , but was always rebuilt . The first mention of Kambja and the church at its present location dates to as early as 1330 . After the first fire in 1558 , it took 84 years to rebuild the church . Again was it destroyed in 1704 during the Great Northern War . Renovation were finished in 1721 and those walls are the basis for the present building . In 1874 an extension was built ; there were ten thousand members in the parish around that time . In 1937 a new northern tower with staircases was built .
During World War II , on 19 August 1944 , the church was bombed by the invading Russian troops . The new Soviet regime did not allow the church to be rebuilt and the congregation was forced to close .
The church remained in ruins until 1987 , when the times started to change and on the initiative of Ivar Tedrema , the state farm director at that time , and with the help of school principal Madis Linnamägi , Toivo Traksmaa and many others , the renovation began .
The Lutheran congregation was re-established in 1994 .
Gallery
See also
SK 10 Premium Tartu
References
External links
Kambja Parish
Boroughs and small boroughs in Estonia
Kreis Dorpat
Irántxe ( Irántxe , Iranxe , Iranshe ) /iˈɻɑːntʃeɪ/ , also known as Mỹky ( Münkü ) or still as Irántxe-Münkü , is an indigenous language spoken by the Irántxe ( Iránxe , Iranche , Manoki , Munku ) and Mỹky ( Mynky , Münkü , Munku , Menku , Kenku , Myy ) peoples in the state of Mato Grosso in Brazil . Recent descriptions of the language analyze it as a language isolate , in that it `` bears no similarity with other language families '' ( Arruda 2003 ) . Monserrat ( 2010 ) is a well-reviewed grammar of the language .
Vitality and dialects
According to the UNESCO Atlas of the World 's Languages in Danger , Irántxe-Mỹky is currently not thriving . While the Mỹky dialect is considered `` vulnerable '' , the Irántxe variety is deemed `` considerably endangered '' , with only 10 fluent speakers out of the 356 ethnic Irántxe-Mỹky in the 2006 report . As of 2011 , the 280 Irántxe have largely assimilated to Brazilian culture . Most are monolingual in Portuguese , and the remaining Irántxe speakers are over 50 years old . A splinter group , the Mỹky , however , moved to escape assimilation , and were isolated until 1971 . As of 2011 , there were 80 ethnic Mỹky , all of whom spoke the language .
Dialects and location :
Irántxe dialect : spoken in Cravari village , on the Cravari River ( a tributary of the Do Sangue River ) in the municipality of Diamantino , Mato Grosso .
Mỹky dialect : spoken at an isolated village at the headwaters of the Escondido Creek , in the municipality of Brasnorte , Mato Grosso state .
Language contact
Jolkesky ( 2016 ) notes that there are lexical similarities with languages from the Arawak , Tupi , Chapakura-Wañam , Nambikwara , and Yanomami families , likely due to contact .
An automated computational analysis ( ASJP 4 ) by Müller et al . ( 2013 ) also found lexical similarities between Irántxe-Mỹky and Nambikwaran .
Phonology
No instrumental phonetic data pertaining to the Irántxe-Mỹky language is available . The phonological description of Inrátxe-Mỹky is based on auditory analyses by the authors cited .
Consonants
Irántxe-Mỹky has a small consonant inventory . Voicing is not contrastive for any consonant . In the Monserrat analysis shown in the table , there is a series of palatalized stops /pʲ tʲ kʲ/ and nasals /mʲ nʲ/ , which reviewer D'Angelis ( 2011 ) analyzes as /Cj/ sequences . In Monserrat 's analysis , /ʃ/ is a separate phoneme from /sʲ/ .
Allophonic variation
The bilabial /m/ may occur as [ mb ] word initially , especially among the Irántxe : muhu [ mbuhu ] , mjehy [ mbʲɛhɨ ] .
The sibilant /s/ is pronounced [ ʃ ] before /j/ .
The trill /r/ may also occur as [ l ] .
The palatal approximant /j/ occurs as [ ɲ ] before nasal vowels .
Vowels
The vowel inventory of Irántxe-Mỹky is large , with 21 phonemic vowels . Vowel length and nasalization are contrastive in the language . The role of tone is not clear .
In many words , /ə/ alternates with /ɛ/ .
The maximal syllable shape may be CVC or CjVC word-medially , depending on the analysis . Word-finally , only CV ~ CʲV syllables occur .
Orthography
The linguist Ruth Monserrat , along with native speaker Beth Jurusi , developed a system for spelling the Mỹky dialect .
Lexicon
Loukotka ( 1968 ) lists the following basic vocabulary items for the Irántxe dialect , later expanded in Holanda 's ( 1960 ) larger vocabulary list . The Mỹky words derive from the dictionary compiled by Monserrat .
{ | class= '' wikitable sortable ''
! gloss ! ! Irántxe
! Mỹky
|-
| one|| yamachí
|kỹtapy
|-
| two|| numá
|numã
|-
| head|| pemã
|rem
|-
| tongue|| akirente
|jakirẽti
|-
|eye
|kutakecí
|kutakahy
|-
|nose
|kamínxí
|kjamĩhĩ
|-
| hand|| mimãchxi
|mimã
|-
| woman|| ekipu
|namy ' i
|-
|man
|miʔá
|mía
|-
|old person
|naripú
|miptosohu
|-
| water|| manaː
|manã
|-
| maize|| kuratu
|kuratu
|-
|cassava
|mãinʔin
|mỹ ' ĩ
|-
|fish
|miaxtapá
|miatapa
|-
| sun|| ileheː
|irehy
|-
|rain
|muhú
|muhu
|-
|day
|máʔá
|ma ' a
|-
| white|| nakatá
|nakata
| }
References
Further reading
Meader , R. E. ( 1967 ) . Iranxe : Notas Grammaticais e Lista Vocabular . ( Publicações : Série Diversos Lingüística , 2 . ) Brasil : Museu Nacional , Universidade Federal do Rio de Janeiro .
Monserrat , R. F. ; Amarante , E. R. ( 1995 ) . Dicionário Mỹky-Português . Rio de Janeiro : Editora Sepeei/SR-5/UFRJ .
Monserrat , Ruth . 2010 . A língua do povo Mỹky . Campinas : Editora Curt Nimuendajú .
D'Angelis , Wilmar . 2011. Review of Monserrat ( 2010 ) . LIAMES – Línguas Indígenas Ameríndias , vol 10 .
Anonby , Stan . 2009 . A Report on the Irántxe and Myky .
Fabre , Alain . 2005 . Diccionario etnolingüístico y guía bibliográfica de los pueblos indígenas sudamericanos : .
Arruda , Rinaldo . 2003 . Iranxe Manoki . Instituto Socioambiental .
Dixon & Alexandra Y. Aikhenvald ( eds . ) , The Amazonian languages . Cambridge : Cambridge University Press , 1999. .
Languages of Brazil
Indigenous languages of South America
Endangered language isolates
Language isolates of South America
Mamoré–Guaporé linguistic area
The women 's discus throw at the 1974 European Athletics Championships was held in Rome , Italy , at Stadio Olimpico on 6 September 1974 .
Medalists
Results
Final
6 September
Participation
According to an unofficial count , 11 athletes from 7 countries participated in the event .
( 3 )
( 1 )
( 2 )
( 2 )
( 1 )
( 1 )
( 1 )
References
Discus throw
Discus throw at the European Athletics Championships
1974 in women 's athletics
The Rural Income Generating Activities ( RIGA ) Project is a collaboration between the Food and Agriculture Organization , the World Bank , and American University ( Washington , DC ) that seeks to contribute to the understanding of the income generating activities , both agricultural and non-agricultural , of rural households in developing countries . The RIGA project achieves this by two means . First , through the development of an innovative database of income sources from various developing countries , which is available free of charge to researchers via the project 's website . Second , by producing studies and publications that use the database to analyze pressing economic and policy issues .
Purpose
The RIGA Project 's purpose is to create an income measure that is comparable within and between countries .
According to the RIGA Project website , the key questions addressed by the RIGA Project include :
What are the relationships between the various Rural Income Generating Activities ( RIGAs ) ?
What types of RIGAs are associated with poverty reduction ?
What is the relationship between various Rural Non-Farm activities and agriculture ?
What is the link between RIGAs and food security ?
In order to answer these questions , the RIGA Project developed a standardized income calculation method that is applied only to country surveys that meet strict criteria of data requirements . The definition of income utilized closely adheres to the one set out by the International Labour Organization . The `` Resolution Concerning Household Income and Expenditure Statistics '' passed by ILO outlines that household income includes all monetary and in-kind receipts that a household receives , which should include income from wage employment , self-employment , property , own consumption of household goods , and both public and private transfers . Since agriculture remains the principal activity for rural households , the RIGA Project also considers income generated from on-farm activities , both those sold and consumed by the household .
History
The need for standardized income data has arisen from the desire of the development community to understand the economic activities of rural households , especially the rural non-farm activities that have been continually overlooked even as the importance of the rural non-farm economy increases . With this in mind , the RIGA Project was initiated as a collaboration between the Food and Agriculture Organization , the World Bank , and American University ( Washington , DC ) . Only after consultation on the methodology between the partners , did the analysis and compilation of the data begin in 2005 . Since 2005 , the RIGA Project has created income aggregates for almost 30 countries , which became available to the public , free of charge , with the launch of the website in April 2009 . The work of the Project has continued to expand with the addition of RIGA-L . The RIGA-Labor data provides a more in-depth look into the wage employment element of income generating activities , with analysis possible both at the individual and job level .
Data
The database contains an increasing number of surveys from countries in Africa , Asia , Eastern Europe and Latin America . Some of the countries have surveys for multiple years , with some of the multi-year countries ( e.g . Indonesia , Nepal , Nicaragua , and Vietnam ) including panel datasets .
Africa
Ghana - Ghana Living Standards Survey 1992
Ghana - Ghana Living Standards Survey 1998
Kenya - Integrated Household Budget Survey 2004-2005
Madagascar - Enquête Permanente Auprès Des Ménages 1993-1994
Madagascar - Enquête Permanente Auprès Des Ménages 2000-2001
Malawi - Integrated Household Survey II 2004-2005
Nigeria - Living Standards Survey 2003-2004
Asia
Bangladesh - Household Income-Expenditure Survey 2000
Indonesia - Family Life Survey- Wave 1 1993
Indonesia - Family Life Survey- Wave 3 2000
Nepal - Living Standards Survey I 1995-1996
Nepal - Living Standards Survey II 2003-2004
Pakistan -Integrated Household Survey 1991
Pakistan -Integrated Household Survey 2001
Vietnam - Living Standards Survey 1992-1993
Vietnam - Living Standards Survey 1997-1998
Vietnam - Living Standards Survey 2002
Eastern Europe and Central Asia
Albania - Living Standards Measurement Survey 2002
Albania - Living Standards Measurement Survey 2005
Bulgaria - Integrated Household Survey 1995
Bulgaria - Integrated Household Survey 2001
Tajikistan - Living Standards Survey - 2003
Latin America
Ecuador - Estudio de Condiciones de Vida 1995
Ecuador - Estudio de Condiciones de Vida 1998
Guatemala - Encuesta de Condiciones de Vida 2000
Nicaragua - Encuesta Nacional de Hogares Sobre Medición de Niveles de Vida 1998
Nicaragua - Encuesta Nacional de Hogares Sobre Medición de Niveles de Vida 2001
Panama - Encuesta de Niveles de Vida 1997
Panama - Encuesta de Niveles de Vida 2003
Survey list as of March 2010
Publications
A Cross Country Comparison of Rural Income Generating Activities January 2010 World Development .
B. Davis , P. Winters , G. Carletto , K. Covarrubias , E.J . Quiñones , A. Zezza , C. Azzarri , K. Stamoulis and S. DiGiuseppe .
Assets , Activities and Rural Income Generation : Evidence from a Multicountry Analysis .
July 2009
P. Winters , B. Davis , G. Carletto , K. Covarrubias , E.J . Quiñones , A. Zezza , C. Azzarri , and K. Stamoulis .
Rural Income Generating Activities : Whatever Happened to the Institutional Vacuum ? Evidence from Ghana , Guatemala , Nicaragua and Vietnam
July 2009
A. Zezza , G. Carletto , B. Davis , K. Stamoulis and P. Winters .
Wage inequality in international perspective : Effects of location , sector , and gender .
March 2009
T. Hertz , P. Winters , A. P. de la O , E. Quiñones , B. Davis , A. Zezza
Accounting for the Diversity of Rural Income Sources in Developing Countries : The Experience of the Rural Income Generating Activities Project
June 2009
K. Covarrubias , A.P . de la O Campos , and A. Zezza
A Profile of the Rural Poor
April 2009
A. Valdés , W. Foster , G. Anríquez , C. Azzarri , K. Covarrubias , B. Davis , S. DiGiuseppe , T. Essam , T. Hertz , A.P . de la O , E. Quiñones , K. Stamoulis , P. Winters and A. Zezza
Assets , Activities and Rural Poverty Alleviation : Evidence from a Multicountry Analysis
January 2009
P. Winters , B. Davis , G. Carletto , K.Covarrubias , K.Stamoulis , E. Quiñones , and A. Zezza
A Cross Country Comparison of Rural Income Generating Activities
January 2009
B. Davis , P. Winters , G. Carletto , K. Covarrubias , E. Quiñones , A. Zezza , K. Stamoulis , and S. Di Giuseppe
Patterns of Rural Development : A Cross-Country Comparison Using Microeconomic Data
August 2008
P. Winters , T. Essam , B. Davis , A. Zezza , G. Carletto , and K. Stamoulis
Rural Wage Employment in Developing Countries
August 2008
P. Winters , A.P . de la O , E. Quiñones , T. Hertz , B. Davis , A Zezza , K. Covarrubias ,
and K. Stamoulis
The Impact of Rising Food Prices on the Poor
August 2008
A. Zezza , B. Davis , C. Azzarri , K. Covarrubias , L. Tasciotti , and G. Anr¡quez
Rural Household Access to Assets and Agrarian Institutions : A Cross Country Comparison
March 2008
A. Zezza , P. Winters , B. Davis , G. Carletto , K. Covarrubias , E. Quiñones , K. Stamoulis , L. Tasciotti , and S. Di Giuseppe
Does Urban Agriculture Enhance Dietary Diversity ? Empirical Evidence from a Sample of Developing Countries
March 2008 ( report short version )
A. Zezza and L. Tasciotti
Rural income generating activities in developing countries : re-assessing the evidence
2007
( PowerPoint presentation )
G. Carletto , K. Covarrubias , B. Davis , M. Krausova , K. Stamoulis , P. Winters and A. Zezza
Rural Income Generating Activities : Whatever Happened to the Institutional Vacuum ? Evidence from Ghana , Guatemala , Nicaragua and Vietnam
November 2007
A. Zezza , G. Carletto , B. Davis , K. Stamoulis and P. Winters
Rural Income Generating Activities Study : Methodological note on the construction of income aggregates
October 2007 .
G. Carletto , K. Covarrubias , B. Davis , M. Krausova and P. Winters
Rural Household Access to Assets and Agrarian Institutions : A Cross Country Comparison
May 2007
A. Zezza , P. Winters , B. Davis , G. Carletto , K. Covarrubias , E. Quiñones , K. Stamoulis , T. Karfakis , L. Tasciotti , S. DiGiuseppe and G. Bonomi
Rural Income Generating Activities : A Cross Country Comparison
May 2007
B. Davis , P. Winters , G. Carletto , K. Covarrubias , E. Quiñones , A. Zezza , K. Stamoulis , G. Bonomi and S. DiGiuseppe
References
External links
RIGA Project Website
FAO Website
Food and Agriculture Organization
Emily Young McQueen ( born 1981 ) is an American wheelchair racer . She won her first marathon in St. George , Utah and qualified for the Boston Marathon on October 3 , 2009 . Her first competitive race was the Fifth Third River Bank Run in Grand Rapids , MI where she placed second in her division . She later competed in the Crim Festival of Races in Flint , MI and took first place in her division .
References
American female wheelchair racers
Living people
1981 births
21st-century American women
General Charles Richard Fox ( 6 November 1796 – 13 April 1873 ) was a British army general , and later a politician .
Background
Fox was born at Brompton , the illegitimate son of Henry Richard Vassall-Fox , 3rd Baron Holland , through a liaison with Lady Webster , whom Lord Holland would later marry .
Career
After some service in the Royal Navy , Fox entered the Grenadiers , and was known in later life as a collector of Greek coins . His collection was bought for the royal museum of Berlin when he died in 1873 . He was present around the time of Napoleon 's incarceration on St Helena and subsequently removed a key to the bedroom where Napoleon was lodged . This was given to his mother - Lady Holland - due to her Napoleonphile attitudes and auctioned in 2021 . He married in St. George 's , Hanover Square , London , on 19 June 1824 Lady Mary FitzClarence , a daughter of William IV by his mistress Dorothy Jordan . The couple had no issue .
Fox was a politician . He represented the Whig interest and sat for Calne 1831–32 , then Tavistock 1832–35 . He briefly represented Stroud in 1835 , but resigned that seat so Lord John Russell could contest it . He was elected as a Member of Parliament for the east London constituency of Tower Hamlets in 1841 and served until 1847 .
Fox was Surveyor-General of the Ordnance in 1841 and 1846–52 . He was promoted Major-General on 9 November 1846 , Lieutenant-General on 20 June 1854 , and General on 6 March 1863 .
References
Citations
Bibliography
British Parliamentary Election Results 1832–1885 , compiled and edited by F.W.S . Craig ( The Macmillan Press 1977 )
The Parliaments of England by Henry Stooks Smith ( 1st edition published in three volumes 1844–50 ) , second edition edited ( in one volume ) by F.W.S . Craig ( Political Reference Publications 1973 )
Who 's Who of British Members of Parliament : Volume I 1832–1885 , edited by M. Stenton ( The Harvester Press 1976 )
External links
UK Parliamentary Archives , Letters from Charles Richard Fox to Lord John Russell
|-
1796 births
1873 deaths
British Army generals
Grenadier Guards officers
Liberal Party ( UK ) MPs for English constituencies
UK MPs 1831–1832
UK MPs 1832–1835
UK MPs 1835–1837
UK MPs 1841–1847
Burials at Kensal Green Cemetery
Charles Richard
Members of Parliament for Calne
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for Tavistock
Henry Luke Giordano ( June 10 , 1914 – September 19 , 2003 ) was an American pharmacist and federal agent who served as the second and last Commissioner of the Federal Bureau of Narcotics , from 1962 to 1968 .
Early life and education
Henry Luke Giordano was born on June 10 , 1914 , in San Francisco . In 1934 , he graduated from the UCSF School of Pharmacy with a graduate degree , and then worked as a pharmacist from 1935 to 1941 .
Bureau of Narcotics
In 1941 , Giordano joined the Bureau of Narcotics , where he worked until 1943 , at which point he joined the United States Coast Guard .
Released from the Coast Guard in 1946 with a rank of SPX1 ( Specialist Petty Officer 1st Class ) , Giordano returned to the Bureau , where he often worked undercover . He became the deputy commissioner in 1958 .
Commissioner
Giordano was sworn in as Commissioner by C. Douglas Dillon , the Secretary of the Treasury , on August 17 , 1962 , thus officially entering into his duties . He was named as head of the Bureau on July 5 , 1962 .
Like his predecessor , Harry J. Anslinger , Giordano supported tough penalties for addicts ; unlike Anslinger , who led the Bureau for decades , Giordano 's term was significantly shorter . In February 1968 , President Lyndon B. Johnson requested that the Congress merge the Federal Bureau of Narcotics and the Bureau of Drug Abuse Control .
Both the House and the Senate agreed . The plan took effect in early April , and the Bureau of Narcotics and Dangerous Drugs was thus formed . Giordano was replaced by John Ingersoll , as director of the new bureau , later that year .
Personal life
Giordano was married to Elaine Watson , and had two daughters .
Later life
Giordano returned to the pharmaceutical industry ; this time working as a consultant in security . He moved to Silver Spring , Maryland ; and died in nearby Olney , Maryland in September 2003 .
References
External links
1914 births
2003 deaths
Heads of the United States federal agencies
People from San Francisco
Drug policy of the United States
Kennedy administration personnel
Lyndon B. Johnson administration personnel
20th-century United States government officials
American politicians of Italian descent
University of California , San Francisco alumni
American pharmacists
United States Coast Guard non-commissioned officers
Medical Law International is a peer-reviewed law review that covers issues in medical law , bioethics , and health governance . It was established in 1993 and is currently published by SAGE Publications . The editors-in-chief are Shawn Harmon ( Edinburgh Law School ) and Paula Case ( Liverpool Law School ) . The journal was established by Dianne Longley and Vivienne Harpwood and was edited by Shaun Pattinson from 2005 to 2011 .
References
External links
British law journals
Medical law
SAGE Publishing academic journals
Quarterly journals
Publications established in 1993
English-language journals
Medical law journals
Health law journals
Johan Esteban Beltrán Montano ( born 18 October 1999 ) is a Colombian footballer currently playing as a midfielder for Vysočina Jihlava .
Career statistics
Club
.
Notes
References
1999 births
Living people
Colombian footballers
Colombian expatriate footballers
Association football midfielders
Czech National Football League players
Categoría Primera A player
Once Caldas footballers
FC Vysočina Jihlava players
Colombian expatriate sportspeople in the Czech Republic
Expatriate footballers in the Czech Republic
Vorotynsk ( ) is the name of several inhabited localities in Russia .
Urban localities
Vorotynsk ( urban-type settlement ) , Babyninsky District , Kaluga Oblast
Rural localities
Vorotynsk , Peremyshlsky District , Kaluga Oblast , a former ancient Russian city
Vorotynsk , Oryol Oblast , a selo in Lyutovsky Selsoviet of Livensky District of Oryol Oblast
Air base
Vorotynsk ( air base )
See also
Vorotynsky District , an administrative district of Nizhny Novgorod Oblast
Vorotynsky , a Rurikid princely house of Muscovite Russia
Harvey Cable Garber ( July 6 , 1866 – March 23 , 1938 ) was an American politician who served as a U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1903 to 1907 .
Biography
Harvey C. Garber was born in Hill Grove , Ohio on July 6 , 1866 . Garber moved to Greenville , Ohio , with his parents in 1872 , where he attended public schools . He was later Manager of the Western Union Telegraph Co. , and was Superintendent of the Central Union Telephone Co. for Ohio . He served four years as assistant general solicitor .
Garber served as member of the Ohio House of Representatives from 1890 to 1893 . He served as chairman of the Democratic State committee in 1901 and chairman of the Democratic State executive committee from 1902 to 1908 .
Garber was elected as a Democrat to the Fifty-eighth in 1902 and Fifty-ninth Congress in 1904 . He was not a candidate for renomination in 1906 .
Garber moved to Columbus , Ohio , in 1910 and served as assistant to the president of the Bell Telephone Co. in Ohio , Indiana , and Illinois from 1910 to 1915 . Garber also studied law . He was admitted to the bar in 1921 and commenced practice in Columbus , Ohio .
Garber died at his winter home in Naples , Florida , March 23 , 1938 . He was interred in Greenville Cemetery , Greenville , Ohio .
Sources
1866 births
1938 deaths
Members of the Ohio House of Representatives
People from Greenville , Ohio
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Mongo is an unincorporated community in Springfield Township , LaGrange County , Indiana . The population in 2010 was 105 .
History
Mongo was originally called Mongoquinong , and under the latter name was laid out in 1840 . Mongoquinong was later shortened to Mongo . Although An Illustrated Historical Atlas of LaGrange County , Indiana ( 1874 ) translates the native name as 'Big Squaw Village ' , it is thought to be a corruption of the Miami-Illinois , meaning 'in the Loon Land ' .
The John O'Ferrell Store was listed in the National Register of Historic Places in 1975 .
Geography
Mongo is located at . Mongo is the site of `` The Olde Store '' ( aka `` John O'Ferrell Store '' or the `` Mongo Trading Post '' ) , on the National Register of Historic Places .
References
Unincorporated communities in LaGrange County , Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
Statistics of Latvian Higher League in the 1932 season .
|name_ASK=FK ASK
Overview
It was contested by 8 teams , and ASK won the championship .
League standings
ASK 3-1 Riga Wanderer
References
RSSSF
Latvian Higher League seasons
1
Latvia
Latvia
Erin Carmody ( born August 4 , 1988 ) is a Canadian curler , originally from Prince Edward Island but residing in Halifax , Nova Scotia as of 2019 . A native of the city of Summerside , Carmody was a biology student at the University of Prince Edward Island when she broke onto the curling scene by winning three consecutive provincial junior championships , twice with an undefeated record . She entered the national scene in 2010 after forming a rink with longtime teammate Geri-Lynn Ramsay and veteran curlers Kathy O'Rourke and Trisha Affleck that captured the 2010 provincial championships at the senior level . At the 2010 Scotties Tournament of Hearts , the squad made it all the way to the final , but lost in the last match to three-time tournament champion Jennifer Jones . After the event , Carmody was presented with the Sandra Schmirler Most Valuable Player Award .
Personal life
Carmody was born on August 4 , 1988 in Charlottetown , Prince Edward Island and she has a younger brother , Anson , who also curls competitively . In 2006 , she entered the University of Prince Edward Island to study biology and , in 2009 , won the school 's Robert Haines Memorial Science Award of Merit . She is also athletically active outside of curling and was the fastest woman a five kilometre charity race in her hometown for the Prince County Hospital , finishing fourth overall among the sixty-one competitors .
In the fall of 2011 Carmody began further studies at the University of Calgary . In 2019 , Carmody was a student at Mount Saint Vincent University . As of 2021 , she works as a research assistant with GI Research IWK Health and a clinical dietitian with IWK Health .
Career
2003–2007
One of Carmody 's earliest curling victories came in 2003 , while skipping out of the Silver Fox Curling and Yacht Club , when she won the Prince Edward Island provincial 15 and under championship alongside Geri-Lynn Ramsay , Candace Cameron , and Courtney Champion . Later that year she and Ramsay were members of the Vanessa Aylward rink that won the junior women 's Eastern Canadian Junior Cashspiel . The following year , with Ramsay and new additions Anita Casey and Danielle Chaisson , Carmody 's rink captured the provincial 17 and under championships , a feat that Carmody and Ramsay repeated as members of the Danielle Sharkey rink in 2005 . In the latter tournament Carmody threw fourth stones . The following month the squad captured the Atlantic 17 and Under Curling Championship , and later in the year finished in second place in the Under 20 division of the Maritime Junior Cashpiel and won the 3rd annual Bathurst Curling Club Junior Cashspiel with an undefeated record . The following year they were runners-up in both the provincial 20 and Under and 17 and Under championships .
2007–2009
Carmody made her breakthrough in 2007 when her rink , consisting of herself as skip , Lisa Moerike as second , Ramsay as third , and Jessica van Ouwerkerk as lead stone ( a lineup that had participated in several cashpiels the previous year ) , captured the 2007 provincial junior curling championships with a perfect 7–0 record . They then advanced to the 2007 Canadian Junior Curling Championships , where they finished eighth out of thirteen teams . The squad took the provincial junior championships for a second time in 2008 and repeated their feat of a perfect record , before placing ninth out of thirteen at the 2008 Canadian Junior Curling Championships . Later that year the rink took the 2008 Codiac Curling Maritime Junior Bonspiel in the Under-21 category . In 2009 Moerike was replaced with Darcee Birch , but Carmody 's rink won the provincial junior championship for the third consecutive time . The squad had their best national finish at the 2009 Canadian Junior Curling Championships when they placed fourth , narrowly missing a spot in the semifinals .
2009–2011
In 2009 Carmody and Ramsay received a call from veteran curlers Kathy O'Rourke and Tricia Affleck , who decided to join forces with the younger players under a team skipped by O'Rourke , but with Carmody throwing the skip rocks and O'Rourke throwing second . Ramsay would throw third and Affleck would take the lead position . The squad found quick success by winning the 2010 Prince Edward Island Scotties Tournament of Hearts , which earned them the right to represent Prince Edward Island at the 2010 Scotties Tournament of Hearts . There they finished 8–3 in the round robin and eventually advanced to the final , where they lost against Jennifer Jones , who represented Team Canada as the competition 's previous winner . Despite the loss , however , Carmody received the Sandra Schmirler Award as the tournament 's Most Valuable Player .
As of 2012 , Carmody 's most recent provincial win in Prince Edward Island came at the 2011 Prince Edward Island Mixed Curling Championships . Playing third for Brett Gallant , along with her brother Anson Carmody at second and lead Michelle Mackie , her rink defeated defending national champion Robert Campbell 's squad 5–4 . At the 2012 Canadian Mixed Curling Championship , Gallant 's team finished the round robin with an 8–5 record and did not advance to the semi-final .
2011–2013
For the 2011-2012 curling season Carmody , along with Geri-Lynn Ramsay , played with Calgary skip Crystal Webster . Carmody began attending the University of Calgary and Ramsay decided to make the move to Calgary when her boyfriend was offered a new job opportunity . Webster was looking for new teammates , as her third Lori Olson-Johns switched rinks to curl with Cheryl Bernard . During the 2011 tour season the rink won one event and placed second in another , earning automatic entry into the 2012 Alberta Scotties Tournament of Hearts after placing first with Alberta Curling Tour points . They made it to the semi-final of the event with a 4–2 record before losing to Heather Nedohin , the eventual winner . The team had less success the next season , winning just one game at the 2013 Alberta Scotties Tournament of Hearts . The team also played in the 2012 Canada Cup of Curling , going 3-3 and missing the playoffs .
2013–2016
Carmody joined the Laura Crocker rink in 2013 , playing third for the team . The team played in the 2013 Canadian Olympic Curling Pre-Trials , but were eliminated in the triple knock-out event , having won just two games . The team lasted just one season , and Carmody did not return to competitive curling until the 2015-16 curling season , when she played third for Jessie Kaufman . The team played in the 2016 Alberta Scotties Tournament of Hearts , where they made it to the playoffs , but lost in the semifinal to Team Chelsea Carey .
2016–present
In 2016 , Carmody moved back to the east coast , and joined Team Jill Brothers , throwing third on the team . In their first season together , the team won two events . The team played in the 2017 Nova Scotia Scotties Tournament of Hearts , making it as far as the finals , where they lost to Mary Mattatall . The next season , the team won one tour event , and lost in the semifinal of the 2018 Nova Scotia Scotties Tournament of Hearts . In the 2018-19 curling season , they again won one event on the tour , and won the Nova Scotia Scotties in 2019 . At the 2019 Scotties Tournament of Hearts , the team was eliminated after pool play , finishing with a 2-5 record .
The 2021 Nova Scotia Scotties was cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic in Nova Scotia , so the Nova Scotia Curling Association appointed the Brothers rink to represent the province at the 2021 Scotties Tournament of Hearts , as the 2020 provincial champion Mary-Anne Arsenault had moved to British Columbia . One member of Team Brothers , Sarah Murphy , opted to not attend the Scotties , with lead Jenn Brine moving up to second and alternate Emma Logan moving up to play lead . At the Tournament of Hearts , the team finished with a 3–5 record , failing to make it to the championship round .
References
External links
PEI Curling Association 's Coverage of the 2010 Scotties Tournament of Hearts Provincial Women 's Curling Championships
1988 births
Living people
Curlers from Prince Edward Island
Curlers from Alberta
Curlers from Nova Scotia
People from Summerside , Prince Edward Island
Sportspeople from Halifax , Nova Scotia
Sportspeople from Charlottetown
University of Prince Edward Island alumni
Mount Saint Vincent University alumni
Canadian women curlers
Canada Cup ( curling ) participants
Jacob Kielland ( 17 November 1825 – 19 October 1889 ) was a Norwegian naval officer and politician , particularly associated with Stavanger .
Family
Jacob Kielland was a member of the prominent family of Kielland . He was born in Stavanger to Jacob Kielland and Axeliane Christine ( 1792–1855 ) , née Zetlitz . His grandfather was Gabriel Schanche Kielland , his uncle Jonas Schanche Kielland . He had four brothers and five sisters , most of them older than he was , even though a few died young . Through his brother Jens Zetlitz Kielland , Jacob Kielland had a nephew Alexander Lange Kielland who became one of the most prominent novelists in Norwegian history .
In March 1849 Jacob Kielland married Thora Margrethe Bendz , daughter of Christian Ahle Bendz ( 1790–1867 ) and his wife Frederikke Magdalene ( 1799–1837 ) in Fredriksværn . They had five sons and one daughter . One son , Christian Bendz Kielland ( 1851-1855 ) , died in childhood ; he was remembered by giving his name to another son , born subsequently .
Axel Christian Zetlitz Kielland , a leading jurist
Jonas Schancke Kielland , politician
Christian Bendz Kielland , namesake of the deceased brother , a high-ranking civil servant
Career
Jacob Kielland started his career in the navy . He was ranked cadet in 1838 , Sub-Lieutenant in 1844 , and Premier Lieutenant in 1856 . He had been based in Fredriksværn and Horten , but inherited a third of Ledaal farm in 1863 . In 1866 he retired from the navy with the rank of Lieutenant Captain ( Lieutenant-Commander ) . He started working with agriculture and gardening .
He was mayor of Stavanger from 1870 to 1871 . He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1874 , representing the constituency of Stavanger . He had also served as a deputy representative during the term 1871–1873 . He was politically conservative .
He died in 1889 in Stavanger .
References
1825 births
1889 deaths
Members of the Storting
Politicians from Stavanger
Mayors of places in Rogaland
Royal Norwegian Navy personnel
Andrew Laah Yakubu ( born 10 September 1955 ) is a former Group Managing Director of the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation . He was given the appointment by President Goodluck Ebele Jonathan in 2012 . He and the management team were relieved of their appointments to strengthen the on-going reforms in NNPC by ex-President Goodluck Jonathan in July 2014 and Joseph Dawha was named as his successor in August 2014 .
Life
Yakubu was born on September 10 , 1955 , in Mawukili , Northern Region ( now in southern Kaduna State ) , Nigeria . Yakubu is a philanthropist who has contributed to various charity projects in multiple churches and organizations across Nigeria . Over the years he has continually supported the needy by way of donations , sponsorship and scholarships for the poor using his foundation . He was given the chieftaincy title “ Iya A̠tyap ” by the Atyap Chiefdom of
Kaduna State in 2004 , and is a full member of the Atyap Council of Chiefs .
Education
Yakubu attended the Government College in Keffi from 1969 to 1973 , obtaining a West African School Certificate . Thereafter , he attended the College of Arts and Science in Zaria until 1975 , when he entered the Ahmadu Bello University there , studying chemical engineering . After graduating with a BA in 1979 , he served various roles in refineries before becoming executive director of operations at NETCO in March 2005 . In addition to his education in chemistry , he received a certificate in Strategy and Organization from Stanford University 's Graduate School of Business Studies .
Career
He left his NETCO role in December 2006 to work at the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation , first as general manager and ultimately as managing director and CEO . He assumed the role several months after a national fuel crisis in Nigeria , when the NNPC was widely perceived as a corrupt organization , and oversaw changes within the national institution until he was removed during President Jonathan 's regime on allegations of insubordination . Yakubu 's intervention led to the gas supply to the Nigerian market growing from 300 million cubic feet per day ( mcfpd ) to 1500mcfpd , of which 70 % was dedicated to support the power sector . He sustained stability in the supply and distribution of petroleum products across the country , with Nigeria 's three refineries running efficiently during his tenure . He streamed Fluid Catalytic Cracking Units ( FCC ) in Kaduna refinery , Port Harcourt FCC was operational , while Warri refinery was also on stream through the efforts of the in-house experts he engaged .
He is a Fellow of the Nigerian Society of Engineers ; Fellow of the Nigerian Society of Chemical Engineers ; a Fellow of the Nigerian Association of Technologists in Engineering ; Associate Fellow , Chemical Society of Nigeria and a registered Engineer of the Council for the Regulation of Engineering in Nigeria COREN . He is a fellow of the Nigerian Association of Technologist in Engineering . His honors include the Presidential Merit Award by the Nigerian
Society of Chemical Engineers ( 1997 ) and the GMD of NNPC Award ( 1987 ) .
Sack from The Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation
Yakubu was relieved from his post as the group managing director of the NNPC by President Goodluck Jonathan over perceived infighting between him and the Minister of Petroleum Diezani Alison-Madueke over whom to appoint as the managing director of Nigerian Petroleum Development Company Limited ( NPDC ) . The Presidency on the other hand said the NNPC management team was sacked to strengthen the on-going reforms in the organization .
On 3 February 2017 , a huge amount of cash ( USD 9.8 Million and GBP 72,000 ) was found in a residence belonging to him in the city of Kaduna , Nigeria by operatives of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission ( EFCC ) team . Yakubu reported to the commission 's zonal office in Kano and made a statement wherein he admitted ownership of the money , claiming it was `` gifts '' from unnamed persons .
The anti-corruption agency , EFCC charged Yakubu to court for false declaration of assets , over the discovery of $ 9.8m in his Kaduna residence . He has not been found guilty by any court of law for corruption in Nigeria .
He however filed a billion Naira suit against the EFCC and the Attorney General of the Federation for damages in March , 2017 .
References
External links
223140 EFCC recovered 9/8 million Yakubu Ex NNPC GMD see mountains dollar
Photo his EFCC uncovered 9/8 million 74000 in ex NNPC GMD Yakubu Andrews house
Exclusive real reason president Jonathan fired NNPC GMD Andrew Yakubu
Nigerian chemical engineers
Ahmadu Bello University alumni
1955 births
Living people
Atyap people
People from Kaduna State
General José Miguel Ramón Ydígoras Fuentes ( 17 October 1895 – 27 October 1982 ) was the conservative President of Guatemala from 1958 to March 1963 . He was also the main challenger to Jacobo Árbenz during the 1950 presidential election . He had previously served as the governor of the province of San Marcos .
Early life and military career
Ydígoras Fuentes was born on a coffee plantation , in Pueblo Nuevo in the Guatemalan department of Retalhuleu , on 17 October 1895 . He retained a great fondness for coffee as an adult , claiming to drink 10 cups of it in a day , and describing it as a `` patriotic vice '' , referring to Guatemala 's high coffee production . He enrolled in Guatemala 's military academy , and graduated at the top of his class . He was commissioned in the Guatemalan infantry in 1915 . He was posted to the Guatemalan embassy in Washington , D.C. , in 1918 , and to the Paris embassy in 1919 . In the same year he represented Guatemala at the Paris Peace Conference . He subsequently held various posts in the military academy , before becoming a governor of the province of San Marcos in 1922 .
Ydígoras was appointed a general in 1937 . He served as governor under the government of dictator Jorge Ubico until 1939 , when Ubico appointed him director of roads . After Ubico was overthrown in the October revolution , Ydígoras was sent first to Washington , D.C. , and then London , in diplomatic exile . During the government of Juan José Arévalo , Ydígoras was linked to several of the 25 attempted coups during 1945–1951 . He returned to Guatemala in 1950 . In the 1950 Guatemalan presidential election , Ydígoras was the main opponent of Árbenz . The elections were broadly free and fair , except that women who could not read were still disenfranchised . Although Ydígoras had the support of landowners , he lacked popular support , and did not have the backing of major political parties as Árbenz did . Árbenz eventually won the election with 258,987 votes to 72,796 for Ydígoras , out of a total of 404,739 .
The United States Central Intelligence Agency ( CIA ) considered Ydígoras as a candidate to lead the 1954 Guatemalan coup d'état , because he had support among the Guatemalan opposition . However , he was rejected for his role in the Jorge Ubico regime , as well as his European visage , which was unlikely to appeal to the mostly mixed-race mestizo population . Carlos Castillo Armas was chosen instead . Ydígoras later claimed that in 1953 , he had been introduced to two CIA agents by Walter Turnbull , an official of the United Fruit Company , and offered support to overthrow Árbenz . Ydígoras said he refused their terms , which included favoring the United Fruit Company , abolishing the railway worker 's union , and establishing a dictatorship similar to that of Ubico . Ydígoras later agreed to help Castillo Armas in his own coup attempt , a fact which came to the attention of the Árbenz government before it fell . After Castillo Armas took power following the 1954 Guatemalan coup d'etat , Ydígoras was made ambassador to Colombia .
Election as president
Carlos Castillo Armas was assassinated in 1957 , and elections were held immediately afterwards by a military junta . These elections were so fraudulent that popular outcry forced a fresh ballot . Another election was held in 1958 , in which Ydígoras was elected . His administration saw continual corruption scandals . There was significant social turmoil following his election , and demonstrations and protests against the government and against electoral fraud were common during his administration . These protests eventually grew into the guerrilla group MR-13 .
In July 1958 a senior CIA Chief described Ydígoras as , `` known to be a moody , almost schizophrenic individual '' who `` regularly disregards the advice of his Cabinet and other close associates '' . The beginning of the leftist insurgency led to Ydígoras being accused of being `` soft on communism '' by other figures within the army . During his presidency , Ydígoras allowed the CIA to train the Cuban exile force that would be used in the failed 1961 Bay of Pigs Invasion .
Several coups were attempted against him in the early 1960s , but they all failed , including one rebellion by the air force in 1962 . In 1963 , Ydígoras 's defense minister Colonel Enrique Peralta Azurdia eventually toppled Ydígoras . Peralta claimed that the entire government had been infiltrated by communists , abrogated the constitution , and took over as the head of state . Peralta 's coup had the backing of several opposition parties , who wished to end the possibility that former left-of-center civilian president Juan José Arévalo would return to Guatemala and run as a candidate in the upcoming elections .
Later life
Later in his life , Ydígoras was bitter about the failure of the Bay of Pigs invasion . In exile in El Salvador in 1974 , he stated that he had been made a scapegoat for the failure , and that the US was responsible for his overthrow . Ydígoras died of a cerebral hemorrhage in October 1982 , in a military hospital in Guatemala City , at the age of 87 . He was survived by his wife and two children .
References
Sources
1895 births
1982 deaths
People from Retalhuleu Department
Presidents of Guatemala
Leaders ousted by a coup
National Democratic Reconciliation Party politicians
Guatemalan Revolution
Guatemalan generals
International Olympic Committee members
O.P . Place is a shopping centre housed in a historic building in the Bang Rak neighbourhood of the Thai capital Bangkok . The building was built in 1908 as the premises of Falck & Beidek , and was known to locals as Hang Sing Toh ( 'lion store ' ) . It later became the Oriental Plaza , before its acquisition by the current owners . Today , its merchandise is focused on upscale antiques and collectibles , and the neoclassical building is recognized for its heritage architecture , having received the ASA Architectural Conservation Award in 1982 .
History
The building that currently houses O.P . Place was built in 1908 as the new premises of the store of Falck and Beidek , who had been in business since 1878 . It was among the largest department stores in the city , and was known to locals as Hang Sing Toh , meaning 'lion store ' , for a pair of lion sculptures that used to stand in front of the building .
The 1908 publication Twentieth Century Impressions of Siam describes the business as follows :
It is no exaggeration to say that practically everything which a resident in Bangkok needs , with the exception , perhaps , of piece goods , may be purchased from Messrs. Falck and Beidek , a firm of importers and wholesale and retail merchants who have been firmly established in Siam now for some thirty years past . The business was founded in 1878 by Messrs. Falck , Bramann , and Beidek , and has , since its inception , been known by the Hong name of `` Hang Sing Toh . '' Some idea of the extent of the trade carried on by the firm and the resources at their command may be gathered from the size of their new premises , which are situated on an extensive piece of ground just off the New Road , and adjoining their old site , which will shortly be occupied by the Chartered Bank 's building now in course of erection . Their premises form , undoubtedly , the finest business house in Bangkok . The whole of the material used in their construction was imported from abroad , even to the very bricks . They are absolutely fireproof , and are so arranged that every facility is given for the effective display of the goods . The building is three storeys high on each side and two storeys high in the centre , so that , including the godowns , the amount of floor space at disposal altogether is something like 35,000 feet . The house , both in regard to its size and the wide range of selection provided by the amount of stock , compares favourably with any of the leading stores in either Singapore or Pinang . Hardware , stationery , furniture , safes , machinery , pumps , machine fittings , china , glass , crockery , trunks , travellers ' requisites , fancy goods , typewriters , duplicators , bicycles , clocks , and many other articles , all come within the scope of the enterprise . These goods are imported direct from the leading houses in Europe and America , and the name and standing of the firm are sufficiently high , in themselves , to guarantee their quality .
Mr. Ch . Kramer , who has been a partner of the firm since 1896 , has been connected with the business for the last twenty years . New premises were built under his supervision , and according to instructions founded on his long observation of the requirements of the trade in Bangkok .
The business closed down during World War I , when Siam declared war against Germany and seized the properties of its citizens . The building afterwards changed hands several times . By the 1980s , it had become known as the Oriental Plaza and operated as an upmarket shopping centre selling antiques , art objects and handicrafts . It was acquired by TCC Group in the 2000s , after which it was renamed as O.P . Place .
Architecture
O.P . Place stands on Soi Charoen Krung 38 , near its sister property O.P . Garden and the Mandarin Oriental Hotel , occupying an area in the historic Bang Rak neighbourhood featuring several European heritage buildings . The building was built in 1908 in the neoclassical style , with arched window arcades in two storeys spanning the length of its wide façade , which is decorated with mouldings , superimposed pilasters and rusticated walls . Three gabled porches accentuate the form of the rectangular building , which received the ASA Architectural Conservation Award in 1982 . A historic birdcage elevator and large chandelier dominate the interior , which houses 59 boutiques , and is also used as an event space .
References
External links
Shopping malls in Bangkok
Neoclassical architecture in Thailand
Bang Rak district
1908 establishments in Siam
Commercial buildings completed in 1908
F. Copeland Shelden ( 1907 – December 19 , 1977 ) was an American orthodontist who was a graduate of the Angle School of Orthodontia . He played in important part in forming the Charles H. Tweed Foundation for research .
Life
He was born in Kansas City , Missouri . His father was Frank Shelden , who was also an orthodontist and a graduate of the Angle School of Orthodontia . He attended Wentworth Military Academy and College followed by education at the University of Missouri–Kansas City School of Dentistry . He obtained his dental degree in 1931 . He attended the Angle School of Orthodontia in Pasadena , California , before attending dental school .
He was a previous president of the Midwestern component of the Edward H. Angle Society and Charles H. Tweed Foundation . He was also a diplomate of the American Board of Orthodontics . During his life he served on the faculty of dental school departments at the Tufts University School of Dental Medicine , Washington University School of Dental Medicine , and University of Detroit Mercy School of Dentistry . He also served on the board of directors of the Western Golf Association and played an important role in founding the Evans Scholars Foundation Chapter at the University of Missouri in 1967 and the University of Kansas in 1975 .
References
American orthodontists
People from Kansas City , Missouri
1907 births
1977 deaths
20th-century dentists
Wentworth Military Academy and College alumni
University of Missouri–Kansas City alumni
Tufts University faculty
Washington University in St. Louis faculty
University of Detroit Mercy faculty
Stevie Thomas ( born July 24 , 1967 ) is a former Arena football wide receiver/linebacker in the Arena Football League ( AFL ) . He played college football at Bethune-Cookman University .
In 2011 , Thomas was elected into the Arena Football Hall of Fame .
Since 2021 , Thomas has been the head coach for the indoor football team the Tampa Bay Tornadoes .
References
1967 births
Living people
American football wide receivers
American football linebackers
Bethune–Cookman Wildcats football players
Tampa Bay Storm players
Orlando Predators players
New Jersey Gladiators players
Verity Films was a British documentary film production company , founded by Sydney Box and Jay Gardner Lewis in March or May 1940 .
Background
The company 's initial purpose was to make short propaganda films for the wartime government . Lewis directed Verity 's first five films , but fell out with Box over finances and left the company .
Box 's former employer Publicity Films helped pay off the £2,000 debt and the company was refloated in 1941 . With Lewis gone , Box ran the company alone and found quick success . Turnover during 1942 was £75,000 , and after paying salaries of £5,000 to Box and others , Verity still made a £2,000 profit . A January 1943 report in Kinematograph Weekly called Verity `` by far the largest documentary film organisation in Great Britain '' .
By 1944 , Verity had absorbed several other documentary producers and had eight to ten production units in the field . It advertised itself in a trade publication as `` the largest short film production organisation in Europe , incorporating the Greenpark Unit , Technique Unit and Donald Taylor 's new Gryphon Unit '' . In August 1944 , Verity Films became a founding member of the Film Producers ' Guild , based at Guild House in Upper St Martin 's Lane , which brought together several film production companies . During the war , Verity produced more than 100 films , most of them at the small and badly soundproofed Merton Park Studios in South London , although for some productions , Verity rented Riverside Studios in Hammersmith . Already , by this point , Box had begun to broaden the management of Verity Films . An item in the edition of 7 December 1944 of Kinematograph Weekly noted that A. T. Burlinson had taken over as managing director while Box worked on The Seventh Veil ( 1945 ) .
Director Gerry O'Hara landed a job as a runner at Verity in 1941 at the age of 17 , as he told Wheeler Winston Dixon :
O'Hara : I got a job there at 3 pounds 7/6 a week . I started as a trainee in the script department , because theoretically I was a journalist . But I was just running errands for the script department , carrying film cans and stuff like that . Then Ken Annakin , who became quite famous later on , was a young assistant director there ; he sort of took me under his wing , and I switched to being a runner and errand boy in the assistant director 's department .
Dixon : So basically you were working on documentaries as an assistant director ?
O'Hara : Yes . How to put out a firebomb , and stuff like that . It was a lot of wartime work , of course , and most of it was civil defense stuff , films for hire .
Dixon : Did you work on any films for the GPO , for the General Post Office ?
O'Hara : Yes , the Ministry of Information . We did a sort of copy of Carol Reed 's [ sic ] The Next of Kin , called Jigsaw , which was a naval version of how to keep secrets and so forth .
I think at that time I seemed to waver between first and second assistant , which happened a lot . I was still very young then , only about 18 or 19 . But it was a great apprenticeship ; it was incredible .
Among Box 's other wartime hires ( in 1944 ) was a 16-year-old Eric Marquis , who became one of Verity 's longest serving employees , and was by the 1960s the company 's director .
After the end of the Second World War , Sydney Box moved on to Gainsborough Studios , joining the board in May 1946 and becoming managing director on 1 August 1946 . Betty Box also moved to Gainsborough . Despite the departure of the Boxes , Verity Films continued producing documentaries , with directors such as Ken Annakin .
In later years , the documentary director Seafield Head worked for Verity Films .
Filmography
This filmography is a partial list of films produced or co-produced by Verity Films .
Notes
References
Film production companies of the United Kingdom
Propaganda film units
British companies established in 1940
Aeon Motor ( ; pinyin : Hóngjiā téng dònglì kējì ) is an exporter and manufacturer of ATVs , scooters and mini-bikes in Taiwan and is based in Tainan City , Taiwan .
History
Since 1970 AEON has manufactured plastic parts for motorcycles and scooters under the name of KUAN MEI PLASTIC CO. , LTD. AEON MOTOR CO. , LTD. was founded in 1998 and the product range was extended into scooters and motorcycles , engines , spare parts and accessories . AEON started supplying European markets . The ISO 9002 approval was received in 1999 . In 1999 50cc-100cc ATVs were put into mass production . A 150cc ATV was offered in 2000 which featured a reverse gear 2001 saw a 180cc ATV 52 000 units were produced in 2000 .
The factory was moved to Shan-Shang in August 2001 , with a 33000 square meter area . New fabrication machinery was purchased and a modernized management system was introduced .
2007 - 2019 models
AEON models for 2007 - 2019 included :
ATVs
300
COBRA 220
OVERLAND125/180
SPORTY 125/180
COBRA 50/100
REVO II 50/100
MINIKOLT 50
Scooters
AERO
PULSAR
ECHO
ARGON
REGAL
NOX
ELITE 350i
URBAN 350i
CO-IN 125
OZ 125/150
OZS 150
ES 150
ESR 150
Mini-Bikes
MINI-BIKE
See also
List of companies of Taiwan
List of Taiwanese automakers
Automotive industry in Taiwan
References
External links
Official AEON Website
1998 establishments in Taiwan
Companies based in Tainan
Vehicle manufacturing companies established in 1998
Motorcycle manufacturers of Taiwan
Scooter manufacturers
Taiwanese brands
Eqology is a Norway-based multi-level marketing company established in 1998 with operations in most of Europe . Eqology develops , produces and distributes nutrition and skin care products through independent distributors .
In March 2019 , Eqology AS has 42 employees and about 7,000 independent distributors serving approximately 40,000 customers in the European area . Eqology AS ' headquarter is at Oslo , Norway .
The company was called SHINE until 15 April 2011 when the company had a complete re-branding and changed the name to Eqology . The company became publicly listed on 9 September 2010 . Eqology was delisted from Oslo Axess in December 2015 .
In 2017 the company was present in Norway , Denmark , Sweden , Finland , Estonia , Latvia , Lithuania , Austria , The Netherlands , Germany , Switzerland and Belgium . Later on Poland , Hungary , Romania , Czech Republic and Slovakia were added to the area served .
References
External links
Official Website
Nutonic Website
Vegas Cosmetics
Cosmetics companies of Norway
Multi-level marketing companies
Companies based in Bærum
Norwegian brands
Anna Vladimirovna Sidorova ( ; born 6 February 1991 ) is a Russian curler . She currently skips her own team on the World Curling Tour . Sidorova was the skip of the Russian team that won bronze medals at the World Women 's Curling Championships from 2014 to 2016 and the silver medal at the 2017 World Women 's Curling Championship .
Career
As a junior , Sidorova represented Russia at four World Junior Curling Championships ( 2009 , 2010 , 2011 & 2012 ) . She won the bronze medal as the skip of the Russian junior team in 2011 and 2012 .
At the age of 19 , Sidorova was named late to the Russian Olympic Team for the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada as the team 's third . Originally Olga Jarkova was named to the team ; however , Jarkova was taken out at the last minute and Sidorova was added to the team . For the fifth match , against the U.S. , and the sixth match , against Switzerland , Sidorova replaced Ludmila Privivkova as skip . She also replaced Ludmila Privivkova in the eighth Game against China as the Skip . Sidorova thus became the youngest skip at the games , since British skip Eve Muirhead , while also 19 years old at the time , is ten months older .
In addition to playing third on the Russian Olympic Team , Sidorova has also skipped her own team on the World Curling Tour ( with Olga Jarkova throwing second stones ) . She joined Privivkova 's team in 2011 . In 2012 , Sidorova began skipping the team , with Privivkova at third . The team won a gold medal at the European Curling Championships in 2012 with their new lineup .
Sidorova was the skip of team Russia at the 2014 Winter Olympics . She led the team to a ninth-place finish , with a 3–6 record . She also skipped Team Russia at the 2014 World Women 's Curling Championship held from 15 to 23 March in Saint John , New Brunswick , Canada . Her team finished the round robin with an 8–3 record , earning the third seed in the playoffs . Team Russia lost to Team Korea in the 3 vs. 4 playoff game , but in a rematch the following day Sidorova and her teammates defeated Team Korea to win the bronze medal . It was the first medal for Russia in the history of the world women 's curling championships .
She then followed up with bronze medals at both the 2015 and 2016 world women 's curling championships , and a gold medal at the 2015 European Curling Championships in the meantime . She just narrowly missed playing for gold for the first time at the 2016 Worlds , losing to Team Japan on the last shot of the semifinal . After defeating Canada 's Chelsea Carey for her third straight bronze , she spoke of feeling encouraged by getting closer to the gold or silver each time , and hoped that 2017 and 2018 would be her years . She made her first World Championship final at the 2017 Worlds , but settled for silver after losing to Canada 's Rachel Homan 8–3 in the final .
Sidorova 's rink was initially chosen to represent Russia at the 2018 Winter Olympics , but poor play during the 2017–18 season forced the Russian Curling Federation to hold a best-of-seven Olympic Trials against St. Peterburg 's Victoria Moiseeva rink to see who would represent the `` Olympic Athletes from Russia '' team at the Olympics . Sidorova lost the series in five games .
Sidorova was the alternate for the Russian team at the 2018 Worlds , where the Russian team would take home the bronze medal . Sidorova represented Russia at three legs of the 2018–19 Curling World Cup . In the first leg she went 3-3 , at the third leg she went 4-2 just missing the final by one point . At the Grand Final , she went 4-2 once again just missing the final .
Team Sidorova started the 2019–20 season at the 2019 Cameron 's Brewing Oakville Fall Classic where they lost in the qualification game . They next played in the Stu Sells Oakville Tankard where they lost to Anna Hasselborg in the final . They missed the playoffs at the inaugural WCT Uiseong International Curling Cup before having a quarterfinal finish at the Women 's Masters Basel . Despite their early successes on tour , Team Sidorova lost the Russian qualifier for the 2019 European Curling Championships to Alina Kovaleva in six games . They turned things around however the following month at the Karuizawa International where they went an undefeated 7–0 throughout the event and defeated Satsuki Fujisawa 5–4 in the final . They also had a semifinal finish at the Glynhill Ladies International and a quarterfinal finish at the International Bernese Ladies Cup . Their final event of the season was at the 2020 Russian Women 's World Qualification Event where they would once again lose to the Kovaleva rink in the best of seven series .
Sidorova and her team began the abbreviated 2020–21 season at the 2020 Russian Women 's Curling Cup where they went undefeated until the final where they lost to Team Kovaleva . In December 2020 , Team Sidorova competed in the 2020 national championship as it had been postponed due to the COVID-19 pandemic . There , they topped the round robin with an 8–1 record , defeating the Kovaleva rink in their final round robin draw . They then lost both the 1 vs. 2-page playoff and final to Kovaleva , settling for silver . In April 2021 , her team competed in the 2021 national championship where they lost in the final to the Olga Jarkova rink . Sidorova ended her season at the 2021 WCT Arctic Cup mixed doubles tournament where she competed with Alexey Timofeev . The pair finished 2–2 through the round robin , not enough to advance to the playoffs .
Personal life
She was a figure skater until age 13 , when a leg injury forced her to give up the sport . At that point , she took up curling . Sidorova was a student in 2016 .
Grand Slam record
Sidorova 's Russian rink had a fairly successful Grand Slam season in 2012–13 , making it as far as the semi-finals at the 2012 Colonial Square Ladies Classic . She made it to her first Grand Slam finals at the 2015 Players ' Championship , losing to Eve Muirhead .
Former events
Teams
References
External links
Official website of Team Sidorova
1991 births
Living people
Russian female curlers
Olympic curlers of Russia
Curlers at the 2010 Winter Olympics
Curlers at the 2014 Winter Olympics
Russian curling champions
Curlers from Moscow
Russian State University for the Humanities alumni
European curling champions
Universiade medalists in curling
Universiade gold medalists for Russia
Universiade silver medalists for Russia
Competitors at the 2011 Winter Universiade
Competitors at the 2013 Winter Universiade
Competitors at the 2015 Winter Universiade
Dablan ( ) is a Syrian town located in Mayadin District , Deir ez-Zor . According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics ( CBS ) , Dablan had a population of 6,149 in the 2004 census .
References
Populated places in Deir ez-Zor Governorate
Populated places on the Euphrates River
Tseng Tau Tsuen ( ) is a village in Tuen Mun District , Hong Kong .
Tseng Tau Tsuen comprises Tseng Tau Chung Tsuen ( ) , Tseng Tau Ha Tsuen ( ) and Tseng Tau Sheung Tsuen ( ) .
Administration
Administratively , Tseng Tau Tsuen comprises Tseng Tau Tsuen ( Middle and Lower ) and Tseng Tau Tsuen ( Upper ) , two of the 36 villages represented within the Tuen Mun Rural Committee .
External links
Delineation of area of existing village Tseng Tau Tsuen ( Middle and Lower ) ( Tuen Mun ) for election of resident representative ( 2019 to 2022 )
Delineation of area of existing village Tseng Tau Tsuen ( Upper ) ( Tuen Mun ) for election of resident representative ( 2019 to 2022 )
Villages in Hong Kong
Tuen Mun District
Khurshid Begum Saeed ( ) is a Pakistani politician who served as member of the National Assembly of Pakistan .
Political career
She was elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan as a candidate of Awami National Party on a seat reserved for women from Khyber Pakhtunkhwa in the 2008 Pakistani general election .
She ran for the seat of National Assembly as a candidate of Awami National Party from NA-14 constituency in the 2013 Pakistani general election but was unsuccessful .
References
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Heestert Military Cemetery is a British military cemetery with casualties from the First World War , located in the Belgian village of Heestert in the Zwevegem municipality . The cemetery was designed by William Harrison Cowlishaw and is located between the Onze-Lieve-Vrouw Assumption Church and the village cemetery . It is maintained by the Commonwealth War Graves Commission . There are 184 graves and a Cross of Sacrifice .
History
Heestert was held by the Germans from the start of the war . It was only taken by the British at the end of October 1918 ; almost all of the graves are of those who died in the period 21-25 October 1918 . The cemetery was built around February 1919 by local farmers . They brought the British and German victims from the battlefield and their farms here to bury them under instruction from the mayor . The cemetery was reorganized in 1920 , with the German graves being moved to the south parts of each row . Later that year three more British graves were transferred here from the cemetery at Moen .
184 victims are buried , including 127 Britons ( of which 26 could not be identified ) and 57 Germans ( of which 39 could not be identified ) . Special memorials were set up for 8 Britons who were known or believed to be buried in the cemetery but whose actual plot was lost or destroyed .
This cemetery was protected as a monument in 2009 .
Distinguished soldiers
Arthur Keith Harding , captain in the Queen 's Own ( Royal West Kent Regiment ) . and Thistle Robinson , lieutenant in the Royal Fusiliers and son of Richard Atkinson Robinson ) , were awarded the Military Cross ( MC ) .
Corporals JG Young and Harry Shortman Peter Burridge and Privates F. Byrne , T. Grindle , FJ Boulton , TW Gelder , Harry Richard Foulger and Abraham Barker received the Military Medal ( MM ) .
References
External links
Commonwealth War Graves Commission cemeteries in Belgium
World War I cemeteries in Belgium
Cemeteries and memorials in West Flanders
Bang Yai ( , ) is one of the six subdistricts ( tambon ) of Bang Yai District , in Nonthaburi Province , Thailand . The subdistrict is bounded by ( clockwise from north ) Ban Mai , Bang Mae Nang , Bang Muang , Sala Klang and Sala Ya subdistricts . In 2020 it had a total population of 20,616 people .
Administration
Central administration
The subdistrict is subdivided into 6 administrative villages ( muban ) .
Local administration
The area of the subdistrict is shared by two local administrative organizations .
Bang Yai Subdistrict Municipality ( )
Bang Yai Subdistrict Administrative Organization ( )
References
External links
Website of Bang Yai Subdistrict Municipality
Website of Bang Yai Subdistrict Administrative Organization
Tambon of Nonthaburi province
Populated places in Nonthaburi province
Chicago World 's Fair may refer to :
World 's Columbian Exposition of 1893
Century of Progress Exposition of 1933
A cartographer is a person who deals with the art , science and technology of making and using maps .
Cartographer may also refer to :
Cartographer ( album ) , album by E.S . Posthumus
The Cartographer , extended play by The Republic of Wolves
Cartographers ( board game ) , a board game designed by Jordy Adan
See also
Cartography ( album ) , by Arve Henriksen
Mapmaker ( disambiguation )
Mullanurovo ( ) is a rural locality ( a village ) in Staromatinsky Selsoviet , Bakalinsky District , Bashkortostan , Russia . The population was 121 as of 2010 . There is 1 street .
Geography
Mullanurovo is located 23 km northeast of Bakaly ( the district 's administrative centre ) by road . Novye Maty is the nearest rural locality .
References
Rural localities in Bakalinsky District
is a Japanese footballer currently playing as a defender for FC Gifu , on loan from Matsumoto Yamaga .
Career statistics
Club
Notes
References
External links
1997 births
Living people
Japanese footballers
Association football defenders
J3 League players
Matsumoto Yamaga FC players
FC Gifu players
Katya Virshilas ( born 10 September 1983 ) is a Lithuanian-Canadian dancer and actress .
Early life
Virshilas was born in Lithuania , to a Jewish family . She subsequently moved to Israel at age 6 , and to Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada , at thirteen . She began dancing at the age of 13 .
Career
She was a Vancouver British Columbia Dancesport Champion four times , from 1998 to 2002 . In 2001 , she and her partner won the Canadian Latin Dance Championship . Virshilas has appeared in the Hollywood films Shall We Dance ? ( 2004 ) , Take the Lead and John Tucker Must Die ( both 2006 ) , and in the television shows Smallville , Supernatural , Psych , and others .
Based in the United Kingdom from the start of her appearances in the BBC 's Strictly Come Dancing series , she has since 2009 been professionally partnered with Danish dancer Klaus Kongsdal .
Virshilas toured the UK with Pasha Kovalev from 26 March 2012 in their own show .
She also starred in John Tucker Must Die in a minor role .
Strictly Come Dancing
She appeared as a professional dancer on series 7 ( 2009 ) of Strictly Come Dancing partnering cricketer Phil Tufnell . They were knocked out of the competition in week 9 . Their scores were as follows ( all out of a possible 40 marks ) :
Week 2 : waltz – 29 ( 7 , 8 , 7 , 7 ) & Cha Cha Cha ( 4 , 6 , 6 , 6 ) – 22
Week 3 : quickstep ( 5 , 6 , 6 , 7 ) – 24
Week 4 : salsa – 24
Week 5 : Viennese Waltz – 27 ( 6 , 7 , 7 , 7 )
Week 6 : samba – 25 ( 6 , 7 , 6 , 6 )
Week 7 : tango – 30 ( 7 , 7 , 8 , 8 )
Week 8 : rumba – 28 ( 6 , 8 , 7 , 7 )
Week 9 : American Smooth – 31 ( 7 , 8 , 8 , 8 )
On that week , they were in the bottom-two couples after a combination of the judges ' points allocation and the audience 's votes , alongside Ricky Groves and Erin Boag but were not saved by the judges .
Virshilas returned for the eighth series of the dancing show in autumn 2010 and was partnered with rugby player Gavin Henson . In week 1 they scored 28 ( their highest so far ) and in week 4 they scored 23 for a tango to Britney Spears 's `` Toxic '' . However , were knocked out on the semi-final . In the ninth series , she was paired with Dan Lobb who was at the time one of the presenters of Daybreak . However , they were eliminated in week 3 of the competition .
On 20 June 2012 , it was announced that Virshilas would not appear in the tenth series .
So You Think You Can Dance
On the first series of the televised reality dancing competition So You Think You Can Dance , Virshilas choreographed or semi-choreographed four routines for different couples :
Week 1 helped James Jordan with the choreography of Robbie White and Yanet Fuentes 's American Smooth style foxtrot
Week 2 choreographed ( alongside professional partner Klaus ) Mark Calape and Lizzie Gough 's Viennese Waltz , which was highly praised by the judges
Week 5 choreographed ( alongside professional partner Klaus ) Mandy Montanez and Alastair Postlethwaite 's Paso Doble , which was criticized by the judges for the lack of passion , in particular , Nigel Lythgoe , series creator and judge , said it was the worst performance the pair had given over the course of the whole series
Week 6 ( final ) choreographed ( alongside professional partner Klaus ) Lizzie Gough and Tommy Franzén 's tango , much to the praise of the judges
Virshilas reappeared on the second series to choreograph more routines :
Week 2 choreographed ( alongside professional partner Klaus ) Stephanie Powell and Gian Luca Loddo 's cha-cha-cha , which was praised by the judges , despite Powell and Loddo being placed in the bottom two couples by public vote and consequently eliminated
Week 2 choreographed ( alongside professional partner Klaus ) Alice Woodhouse and Charlie Wheeller 's American Smooth style waltz , praised highly by the judges
Week 7 choreographed ( alongside professional partner Klaus ) the boys ' group Paso Doble performance ( Lee Bridgman , Luke Jackson and Matt Flint )
Week 8 ( final ) choreographed ( alongside professional partner Klaus ) Matt Flint and Kirsty Swain 's American Smooth style waltz/foxtrot
Personal life
Virshilas started dating Klaus Kongsdal in 2009 after the two met at the BBC bar . They announced their engagement in January 2011 . The couple married on Saturday 7 July 2012 in a chateau in Loire Valley , France .
The couple since then moved to Hong Kong and founded Ballroom Bees dance class for children below 6 years old , the dance courses are sold online and offline at YWCA.org and Kuddo . After Virshilas initially suffering a miscarriage in 2014 , the couple had their first child , a boy , in May 2016 .
References
External links
Katya Virshilas in the dance drama `` Take the Lead '' with Antonio Banderas
Katya Virshilas and Pasha Kovalev
1983 births
20th-century Canadian actresses
21st-century Canadian actresses
Actresses from Vancouver
Canadian choreographers
Canadian expatriates in England
Canadian people of Lithuanian-Jewish descent
Canadian female dancers
Lithuanian Jews
Lithuanian expatriates in Canada
Canadian film actresses
Canadian television actresses
Jewish Canadian actresses
So You Think You Can Dance choreographers
Lithuanian expatriates in England
Living people
Canadian women choreographers
Keith William Robertson ( born 5 December 1954 in Hawick , Scotland ) is a former Scottish rugby union player . He played for Scotland forty four times between 1978 and 1989 . He played at both wing and centre , the latter twenty times out of his forty four caps .
Richard Bath writes of him that :
Keith Robertson was a major part of Scotland 's Grand Slam in 1984 .
He was never selected for the British Lions .
After retiring he became involved in Borders rugby , and was one of the major Scottish advocates of professionalism in rugby union .
He occasionally appears on STV 's rugby programme .
References
Bibliography
Notes
External links
Sporting Heroes profile – page 1
Sporting Heroes profile – page 2
1954 births
Living people
Melrose RFC players
Rugby union players from Hawick
Scotland international rugby union players
Scottish rugby union players
Rugby union centres
The following is a list of Teen Choice Award winners and nominees for Choice Summer Music Star : Group . It was first introduced in 2012 . 5 Seconds of Summer receives the most wins with 3 .
Winners and nominees
References
Summer Music Star Group
Music Star Group
G.I . Joe : Renegades is an American animated television series based on the G.I . Joe toy franchise . The series aired on The Hub from November 26 , 2010 , to July 23 , 2011 .
The series was available for instant streaming through Netflix from April 5 , 2012 , up until February 2015 . DVD and Blu-ray releases by Shout ! Factory came out in 2013 .
Plot
A small group of US military personnel are forced to become fugitives , after uncovering suspicious activity at a Cobra Industries pharmaceutical facility . Now branded as renegades by the media for terrorist crimes that they did not commit and pursued by the military as well as Cobra mercenaries , they must use their specialized military skills to prove their innocence and to expose the true face of Cobra Industries and its mysterious leader , Adam DeCobray .
( According to the recent `` Hub Exclusive '' TV broadcast promoting this series and Transformers : Prime , homages to The A-Team are used in the background of this incarnation of the characters . Most notable is that Roadblock is stated to parallel B.A . Baracus in size and mechanical aptitude , and Flint is a Lieutenant , rather than a warrant officer and is specifically the officer assigned to arrest the `` Renegades '' , akin to Colonel Lynch of the A-Team series . Also , Lady Jaye is sympathetic to her longtime friend Duke and provides covert support for him and the Renegades , much like Captain Charissa Sosa in the A-Team film and Amy Allen in the 1980s TV series . )
Opening narration
After two episodes , the series ' intro is narrated by David Kaye :
Characters
Charlie Adler - Cobra Commander , Buzzer , Monkeywrench , Jumpmaster ( ep . 1 ) Cobra Trooper # 1 ( ep . 1 ) , Swami Vipra ( ep . 13 ) , Guard # 2 ( ep . 20 )
Clancy Brown - Destro , Truman ( ep . 8 ) , Whistleblower ( ep . 11 )
Natalia Cigliuti - Scarlett
Nika Futterman - Lady Jaye , Female Reporter ( ep . 1 , 7 ) , Sheriff 's Clerk ( ep . 10 )
David Kaye - Main Title Narrator , Professor Patrick O'Hara ( ep . 25–26 )
Matthew Yang King - Tunnel Rat , Torch , Cobra Trooper # 3 ( ep . 1 ) , Country Clerk ( ep . 10 ) , Technician ( ep . 10 ) , Cobra Guard # 1 ( ep . 16 ) , Pilot ( ep . 19 ) , Operations Tech ( ep . 24 ) , Cobra Guard ( ep . 26 )
Jason Marsden - Duke , Ripper , Trooper # 2 ( ep . 1 ) , Mitchell ( ep . 2 ) , Prison Guard # 1 ( ep . 10 ) , Intel ( ep . 10 )
Johnny Messner - Flint
Khary Payton - Ripcord , Lead Cobra Trooper ( ep . 1 ) , Guard # 1 ( ep . 20 )
Kevin Michael Richardson - Roadblock , Road Pig , Computer Voice , Major Hidalgo ( ep . 1 ) , Cobra Security Trooper ( ep . 1 ) , Mechanic ( ep . 10 ) , News Anchor ( ep . 11 ) , Crowd Member # 1 ( ep . 12 ) , Franz ( ep . 13 ) , Guard # 1 ( ep . 13 ) , Moon ( ep . 16 ) , Sailor ( ep . 16 ) , Preacher Davis ( ep . 23 )
Charlie Schlatter - Doctor Mindbender , Wild Bill , Lift-Ticket , Security Chief ( ep . 1 )
Tatyana Yassukovich - Baroness , Receptionist ( ep . 1 )
Episodes
Production
G.I . Joe : Renegades finished its first season original broadcast with episode `` Revelations - Part 2 '' on July 23 , 2011 . The series went on hiatus status according to Hub PR department , with no news of renewal for a second season in July 2011 . On January 26 , 2012 , when asked when viewers would see a second season , Henry Gilroy said , `` Actually , you 're probably not going to . ''
Home video release
On June 5 , 2012 , Shout ! Factory released `` G.I . Joe : Renegades - Season 1 , Volume 1 '' on DVD . `` G.I . Joe : Renegades - Season 1 , Volume 2 '' was released on DVD on September 25 , 2012 ; the entire season was released on Blu-ray Disc at that time , as well .
In other media
Comic books
As adaptations of episodes of the TV series , IDW Publishing published four comic books under the name of G.I . Joe : Renegades . The comic books were released out of order . Each comic book is 104 pages long .
Volume 1 was released on January 10 , 2012 .
Volume 2 and 3 were released on July 22 , 2012 .
Volume 4 were released on August 9 , 2012 .
Toys
Action figures of Duke , Ripcord , Scarlett , Snake Eyes and Tunnel Rat were released in 2011 , based on the characters from G.I . Joe : Renegades , with the additional action figures of Law & Order and Airtight . Renegade versions of Cobra Commander , Cobra Trooper , Firefly and Storm Shadow were also released as action figures in 2011 . All action figures were branded as part of the 30th Anniversary line . Finally , the main G.I . Joe Renegades team was completed in 2017 with the release of Roadblock as part of the San Diego Comic Con-exclusive IDW Revolution box set .
Reception
Ratings
The Transformers : Prime/G.I . Joe Renegades block of special programming on Friday from 3:30 p.m.–7 p.m. generated significant gains audience versus the previous week among households and key demographics : HH ( +111 % , 97,000 ) , Persons 2+ ( +133 % , 142,000 ) , Kids 2-11 ( +130 % , 62,000 ) , Kids 6-11 ( +78 % , 32,000 ) , Adults 18-49 ( +117 % , 50,000 ) and Women 18-49 ( +120 % , 11,000 ) .
References
External links
G.I . Joe : Renegades at Hasbro Studios
2010s American animated television series
2010 American television series debuts
2011 American television series endings
American children 's animated action television series
American children 's animated adventure television series
Anime-influenced Western animated television series
English-language television shows
G.I . Joe television series
IDW Publishing titles
Television series by Hasbro Studios
Discovery Family original programming
Shirley O. Corriher ( born February 23 , 1935 ) is an American biochemist and author of CookWise : The Hows and Whys of Successful Cooking , winner of a James Beard Foundation award , and BakeWise : The Hows and Whys of Successful Baking . CookWise shows how scientific insights can be applied to traditional cooking , while BakeWise applies the same idea to baking . Some compare Corriher 's approach to that of Harold McGee ( whom Corriher thanks as her `` intellectual hero '' in the `` My Gratitude and Thanks '' section of Cookwise ) and Alton Brown . She has made a number of appearances as a food consultant on Brown 's show Good Eats and has released a DVD , Shirley O. Corriher 's Kitchen Secrets Revealed .
Personal life
After graduating from Vanderbilt University in 1959 , she and her husband opened a boys ' school in Atlanta , Georgia , where she was responsible for cooking three meals a day for 30 boys . By 1970 the school had grown to 140 students . That same year she divorced her husband and left the school ; she took up cooking to support herself and her three children .
Corriher lives with her current husband , Arch , in Atlanta .
Books
See also
Harold McGee
Alton Brown
References
External links
Newsletter of the Food , Agriculture , and Nutrition Division of the Special Libraries Association Vol 32 No 1 , August 2000 , PDF which contains Corriher 's Compendium of Ingredient and Cooking Problems - An expanded collection of typical problems in different food areas
1935 births
American women biochemists
American food writers
Women food writers
Women cookbook writers
Living people
Molecular gastronomy
Vanderbilt University alumni
Writers from Atlanta
James Beard Foundation Award winners
The La Cañada Stakes is a Grade III American thoroughbred horse race for fillies and mares age four-years-old and older over a distance of one-and-one-sixteenth miles on the dirt track held annually in January at Santa Anita Park in Arcadia , California , USA . The event currently offers a purse of US $ 200,000 .
History
The event was named after a 1843 Mexican land grant known as Rancho La Cañada in the San Rafael Hills and Crescenta Valley of Southern California . The name means `` ranch of the canyon '' . The rancho included the current day city of La Cañada Flintridge .
The inaugural running of the event was on 1 February 1975 over a distance of one-and-one-sixteenth miles and was won by the 1974 U.S. Champion Three-Year-Old Filly Chris Evert who carried 128 pounds , winning by a nose as the 13/10 favorite over Mercy Dee with Lucky Spell in third place lengths away in a time of 1:41 . The winning time recorded for the distance continues today to be the stakes record .
The following year , the distance of the event was increased to miles . The event was run at this distance until 2011 .
Given the quality of competition after the first two runnings of the event in 1977 the American Graded Stakes Committee classified the event as Grade II .
In 1978 Santa Anita Park administration created the La Cañada Series , a series of races for newly turning/turned 4-year-old fillies and run at an increasing distance . The series begins with the La Brea Stakes at 7 furlongs followed by the Grade II El Encino Stakes at miles in mid January , then the upgraded Grade I La Cañada Stakes at miles in mid February . Until the series ended in 2011 when the El Encino Stakes was discontinued , only three fillies had ever won all three races : Taisez Vous ( 1978 ) , Mitterand ( 1985 ) , and Got Koko ( 2003 ) . The Santa Anita Park counterpart series for male horses is the Strub Series .
In 1990 the event was downgraded Grade II .
For three years ( 2008–10 ) the event was held on the synthetic All-Weather course which had been installed at Santa Anita Park .
With the discontinuation of the El Encino Stakes in 2012 the La Cañada Stakes distance was decreased to miles and the race was scheduled in mid January .
In 2018 the event was run at a distance of one mile .
In 2019 the event was downgraded Grade III .
The 1986 winner Lady 's Secret had an outstanding year culminating with a victory in the Grade I Breeders ' Cup Distaff and winning the U.S. Champion Older Filly award and being voted as United States Horse of the Year . The 1996 winner Jewel Princess also won the Breeders ' Cup Distaff and winning the U.S. Champion Older Filly award and being voted as United States Horse of the Year . While the 2000 Breeders ' Cup Distaff winner Spain won two legs of the La Cañada Series and finished second in the El Encino Stakes .
Records
Speed record :
miles : 1:41.60 – Chris Evert ( 1975 )
miles : 1:47.60 – Glorious Song ( 1980 ) , Safe Play ( 1982 )
Margins :
lengths – As Time Goes By ( 2022 )
Most wins by a jockey :
5 – Gary Stevens ( 1987 , 1994 , 1999 , 2002 , 2016 )
Most wins by a trainer :
4 – Bob Baffert ( 2004 , 2011 , 2017 , 2022 )
Most wins by an owner :
2 – Eugene V. Klein ( 1986 , 1987 )
2 – The Thoroughbred Corporation ( 2001 , 2004 )
Winners
Legend :
Notes :
§ Ran as an entry
See also
List of American and Canadian Graded races
External links
2020 Santa Anita Media Guide
References
Horse races in California
Santa Anita Park
Graded stakes races in the United States
Flat horse races for four-year-old fillies
Mile category horse races for fillies and mares
Recurring sporting events established in 1975
1975 establishments in California
Grade 3 stakes races in the United States
`` So Many Men – So Little Time '' , or `` So Many Men , So Little Time '' , is a song by Canadian singer Miquel Brown , which was a hit in 1983 .
Lyrics
It is a song about `` a woman sleeping with countless men and waking in the morning unaware of the name of the person sharing her bed '' .
History
Ian Levine and Fiachra Trench wrote this song specifically for the London gay club Heaven , where Levine worked as a DJ .
Levine remembers :
Нeritage
The song , along with Evelyn Thomas ' `` High Energy '' , played an important role in the evolution of disco into hi-NRG .
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
References
External links
1983 songs
1983 singles
Miquel Brown songs
Songs written by Ian Levine
Songs written by Fiachra Trench
Song recordings produced by Ian Levine
Songs
Lincoln East High School is a public high school located in Lincoln , Nebraska , United States . It is part of the Lincoln Public Schools district . The current principal is Sue Cassata .
As of the 2014-15 school year , the school had an enrollment of 1,589 students and 102.1 classroom teachers ( on an FTE basis ) , for a student–teacher ratio of 15.6:1 . There were 194 students ( 12.2 % of enrollment ) eligible for free lunch and 70 ( 4.4 % of students ) eligible for reduced-cost lunch .
History
Lincoln East High School opened in 1967 as the fourth high school in the Lincoln Public Schools system . A student vote resulted in the Spartan mascot and the school colors of blue and white , modeled after the flag of Greece .
Extracurricular activities
Athletics
LEHS ' boys basketball team won state championships in 1971,1978 and 2001 . The girls ' basketball team has four state championships . The boys ' golf team has twelve state championships . The girls cross-country team won the NSAA Class A championship in 2018 . LEHS'boys tennis team won 10 state championships in 1998 , 1989 , 1990 , 1991 , 1992 , 1993 , 1994,1995 , and 2007 , and 2021 . LEHS Boys soccer won state titles in 1996 , 1997 , 2002 , 2005 , 2006 and 2010 . Jeff Hoham coached the most state titles in school history with a total of 16 , in a combined 3 sports -boys tennis ( 88 , 89 , 90 , 91 , 92 , 93 , 04 , 05 2007 . He also coached state titles in -girls tennis in 88 , 90 , 91 and in boys soccer in -2002 , 2005 2006 , and 2010 .
Forensics
From 2002 to 2016 , the Lincoln East speech team took first place each year at the annual state tournament . The team won 32 of the 45 state titles in speech since the tournament started and the 15 consecutive state championships are the most of any team in the state in any sport or activity .
Performing arts
LEHS has three competitive show choirs , the mixed-gender Express and Elevation and the female-only Elegance . The school also hosts its own competition , the Spartan Spectacular .
We the People
Lincoln East 's We the People team won the Nebraska state championship in 2020 and 2022 .
Notable alumni
Dan Brown , blogger
Tosca Lee , author
Bryan Odell , former music interviewer and YouTuber
Brandon Sanderson , author
Eric Stokes , NFL scout and executive
Kent Wells , former NFL player
Rob Zatechka , former NFL player
Mike Zentic , former NFL player
References
External links
Lincoln Public Schools
Public high schools in Nebraska
Schools in Lincoln , Nebraska
1967 establishments in Nebraska
Educational institutions established in 1967
Osvaldo Moreno ( born June 4 , 1981 ) is a Paraguayan footballer currently playing for 3 de Febrero of the División Intermedia in Paraguay .
Teams
The below are teams that Osvaldo joined :
Persib Bandung 2002–2003
PSM Makassar 2004–2005
Santiago Wanderers 2006
Persmin Minahasa 2007–2008
Pegaso Real de Colima 2008–2010
Aurora 2010
3 de Febrero 2011–present
External links
Profile at BDFA
Profile at Ligaindonesia
1981 births
Living people
Paraguayan footballers
Paraguayan expatriate footballers
Santiago Wanderers footballers
Club Aurora players
Primera B de Chile players
Persib Bandung players
PSM Makassar players
Expatriate footballers in Chile
Expatriate footballers in Mexico
Expatriate footballers in Bolivia
Expatriate footballers in Indonesia
Association footballers not categorized by position
There 's Someone Inside Your House is a 2021 American slasher film directed by Patrick Brice and written by Henry Gayden . It is an adaptation of the 2017 novel of the same name by Stephanie Perkins and stars Sydney Park , Théodore Pellerin , Asjha Cooper , Jesse LaTourette , and Diego Josef . The plot follows Makani Young ( Park ) , a senior transfer student from Hawaii who finds herself in the center of gruesome murder cases in her newly acquainted town of Osborne , Nebraska .
There 's Someone Inside Your House was announced in March 2018 , with Shawn Levy and James Wan producing through their respective production banners Atomic Monster and 21 Laps , for Netflix . Principal photography took place the following year in Vancouver with cinematographer Jeff Cutter ; additional filming concluded in August 2020 . During post-production , editing was completed by Michel Aller and the musical score was composed by Zachary Dawes .
There 's Someone Inside Your House premiered at Fantastic Fest on September 23 , 2021 , and was released on Netflix on October 6 , 2021 . It received mixed reviews from critics .
Plot
High school football player Jackson Pace awakes to photographs taken on the night he beat up a gay classmate , Caleb , as part of a haze . Jackson is then stabbed to death by someone wearing a mask resembling his face , and the killer then exposes the film of Caleb 's assault to the entire school .
The next day at school , friends Makani , Alex , Zach , Darby , and Rodrigo let Caleb sit with them at lunch after he is shunned by the rest of the school . The school 's student council president , Katie , reads aloud one of her essays and says that there will be a memorial at a church . At the church , while Katie is setting up , someone begins to play a racist and homophobic podcast that she recorded . She is confronted by the killer , who is wearing a mask of her face , and stabbed in the confessional while attempting to call 911 .
The next night , Zach is hosting a party while his family is out of town where everyone must share their secrets . Alex and Rodrigo confess that they have crushes on each other , Makani confesses she writes poetry , and Zach reveals that his father , Skipper , owns lots of Nazi memorabilia , most of which Zach converted into bongs . The partygoers get high , while Rodrigo takes fentanyl , which is his real secret . Rodrigo finds a trail of pills leading to his bottle before everyone gets text messages about his addiction . As the lights go out , prompting everyone to run away , Rodrigo sees the killer wearing a mask of his face , escapes through the ventilation system , and runs out to the front yard . However , the killer catches up with Rodrigo and tases him , and forces him to choke on his fentanyl pills before slashing his throat , ultimately killing him .
The next day , most of the school , including Alex , believes that Ollie , who is Makani 's ex-boyfriend , is the murderer . Ollie takes Makani out for a drive where they share a peaceful moment together , until Makani finds a taser gun in Ollie 's car and realizes that Ollie ordered a background search on her , prompting her to call an Uber back home . That night at her house , she awakens to find her front door open , her phone gone , and her living room plastered with pictures of a burn victim . The killer , now wearing a mask of Makani 's face , breaks the window and tries to kill her , but her friends arrive before the killer succeeds . At the hospital , Makani tells her friends her real secret : during a hazing by her varsity teammates , she and the other haze victims were tortured and forced to get drunk . In a drunken state , Makani pushed one of her friends into a bonfire , badly burning her . She says that she is now sure Ollie is the killer , and the police place him under arrest .
The next day , Skipper holds a corn maze next to the school . Makani gets a message from Darby that Ollie has been released by his brother just as his car pulls up to the school parking lot . Makani runs inside to avoid him , and she bumps into Caleb , who is then stabbed by the killer , as Caleb once tried to hide his secret that he is gay . The killer gives Makani the knife before Ollie and Makani 's friends arrive and manage to save Caleb 's life , and Makani then realizes that the killer is headed for the corn maze .
At the corn maze , the killer sets fire to the maze with the football team inside , so Makani and her friends drive into the flames to help the football players escape . Ollie and Makani confront the killer , who kills Skipper before revealing himself to be Zach . He explains to Makani that he killed everyone because he wanted to expose everyone 's secrets in revenge for the bullying he endured for being the rich son of Skipper , whom the town disliked for making billions by selling and buying farms . Zach then reveals he intends to frame Makani for his crimes , but Ollie distracts him , allowing Makani to stab Zach , mortally wounding him . Makani rebukes Zach 's motives and denounces him as a psychopath who blames others for what 's wrong when Zach himself is the real problem , and then ultimately kills him , saying she does n't need to wear a mask to show Zach who he truly was .
Sometime later , Makani , Ollie , and their friends celebrate graduation with everyone in the group getting into the colleges they wanted to get in , and Makani decides to reconnect with her friend from the bonfire .
Cast
Production
There 's Someone Inside Your House is an adaptation of the 2017 novel of the same name by Stephanie Perkins . The project was announced in March 2018 , when Deadline Hollywood revealed Netflix had partnered with Shawn Levy and James Wan to produce the film under their Atomic Monster and 21 Laps companies , respectively , with a screenplay adapted by Henry Gayden . At the time , the film was described as an amalgamation of genres , in the vein of quintessential slasher films such as Friday the 13th and Scream as well as coming-of-age dramas such as John Hughes ' The Breakfast Club and George Lucas ' American Graffiti . Additional producers of the film include Dan Cohen and Michael Clear .
In March 2019 , it was announced that Patrick Brice would direct the film from Gayden 's script . In August 2019 , Sydney Park , Théodore Pellerin , Asjha Cooper , Dale Whibley , Jesse LaTourette , Burkely Duffield , Diego Josef , Zane Clifford and Sarah Dugdale joined the cast of the film . Principal photography began in Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada , on August 22 , 2019 , and ended on October 12 , 2019 . Additional photography for the film concluded on August 23 , 2020 . Michel Aller served as the primary editor for the film . Zachary Dawes composed the score .
Release
There 's Someone Inside Your House premiered at Fantastic Fest on September 23 , 2021 . The film was initially expected to be released on Netflix in February 2021 but was later delayed , and in August 2021 , Netflix announced that it would be released on October 6 , 2021 .
Reception
On Metacritic , the film has a weighted average score of 45 out of 100 , based on reviews from 12 critics , indicating `` mixed or average reviews . ''
Jeannette Catsoulis of The New York Times wrote : `` In trying to have it both ways , Brice has created a messy , overstuffed parody of moral policing that squanders the promise of its cleverly executed opening . '' Benjamin Lee of The Guardian gave the film 2/5 stars , writing : `` Director Patrick Brice is so distracted with trying to be of the moment that he forgets to make his film base-level fun or at times even base-level coherent '' .
Michael Nordine of Variety wrote that the film was `` more refreshing than it should be '' , and added : `` the success of 'Someone ' hinges on the fact that it ultimately embraces the future rather than clinging to the past . '' Matthew Jackson of Looper wrote : `` While it does n't carry the meta-textual cleverness of 'Scream , ' the genre-bending zaniness of 'Freaky , ' or the timeless feel of 'Halloween , ' there 's something instantly and tremendously appealing about 'There 's Someone Inside Your House . ' ''
References
External links
2021 films
2021 horror thriller films
2020s English-language films
2020s high school films
2020s serial killer films
2020s slasher films
2020s teen horror films
20th Century Studios films
21 Laps Entertainment films
American high school films
American horror thriller films
American serial killer films
American slasher films
American teen horror films
Films based on American horror novels
Films directed by Patrick Brice
Films postponed due to the COVID-19 pandemic
Films set in Nebraska
Films shot in Vancouver
Films with screenplays by Henry Gayden
Home invasions in film
2020s American films
The golden babbler ( Cyanoderma chrysaeum ) is a babbler species in the family Timaliidae . It occurs from the foothills of the Eastern Himalayas to Southeast Asia and inhabits subtropical lowland and montane forests . It is listed as Least Concern on the IUCN Red List because of its wide distribution .
It has olive-green wings and yellow underparts . Its crown and nape are golden-yellow with narrow stripes . It is long and weighs .
Stachyris chrysaea was the scientific name proposed by Edward Blyth in 1844 who described an olivaceous babbler with a yellow crown from Nepal .
Since 2016 , it is recognised as a Cyanoderma species .
References
External links
Cyanoderma
Birds of Eastern Himalaya
Birds of Southeast Asia
Birds of Yunnan
golden babbler
golden babbler
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Birds of Myanmar
Carroll County is a county located in the U.S. state of Illinois . As of the 2010 census , the population was 15,387 . Its county seat is Mount Carroll .
History
Carroll County was formed in 1839 out of Jo Daviess County . The county is named for Charles Carroll who signed the Declaration of Independence . Carroll , who died in 1832 , was the last signer to die .
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 4.6 % ) is water . The Mississippi Palisades State Park is in this county , just north of the city of Savanna . The Savanna Army Depot is located partly in this county .
Adjacent counties
Stephenson County - northeast
Ogle County - east
Whiteside County - south
Clinton County , Iowa - southwest
Jackson County , Iowa - west
Jo Daviess County - northwest
National protected area
Upper Mississippi River National Wildlife and Fish Refuge ( part )
Major highways
US Route 52
Illinois Route 40
Illinois Route 64
Illinois Route 72
Illinois Route 73
Illinois Route 78
Illinois Route 84
Climate and weather
In recent years , average temperatures in the county seat of Mount Carroll have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July , although a record low of was recorded in January 1910 and a record high of was recorded in July 1936 . Average monthly precipitation ranged from in January to in June .
Demographics
As of the 2010 United States Census , there were 15,387 people , 6,622 households , and 4,343 families residing in the county . The population density was . There were 8,437 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 96.9 % white , 0.8 % black or African American , 0.3 % Asian , 0.3 % American Indian , 0.6 % from other races , and 1.1 % from two or more races . Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 2.8 % of the population . In terms of ancestry , 40.4 % were German , 14.0 % were Irish , 11.2 % were English , and 10.6 % were American .
Of the 6,622 households , 26.3 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 53.1 % were married couples living together , 8.2 % had a female householder with no husband present , 34.4 % were non-families , and 29.8 % of all households were made up of individuals . The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 2.80 . The median age was 46.5 years .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 44,805 and the median income for a family was $ 55,341 . Males had a median income of $ 42,421 versus $ 27,552 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 25,914 . About 7.8 % of families and 11.7 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 18.4 % of those under age 18 and 5.8 % of those age 65 or over .
Education
Chadwick-Milledgeville Community Unit School District 399
Eastland Community Unit School District 308
West Carroll Community Unit School District 314
Communities
Cities
Lanark
Mt . Carroll
Savanna
Villages
Milledgeville
Chadwick
Shannon
Thomson
Townships
Carroll County is divided into these twelve townships :
Cherry Grove-Shannon
Elkhorn Grove
Fairhaven
Freedom
Mount Carroll
Rock Creek-Lima
Salem
Savanna
Washington
Woodland
Wysox
York
Census designated place
Lake Carroll
Unincorporated Communities
Argo Fay
Arnold
Ashdale Junction
Ayers
Blackhawk
Burke
Center Hill
Ebner
Elkhorn Grove
Fair Haven
Georgetown
Hazelhurst
Hickory Grove
Hitt
Ideal
Kittredge
Marcus
Polsgrove
South Elkhorn
Wacker
Zier Cors
Notable people
John Acker , Illinois state representative , was born on a farm near Savanna .
Willis J. Bailey , United States Representative from Kansas and the 16th Governor of Kansas
David J. Summerville , Wisconsin State Assemblyman
Politics
As a part of Yankee-settled Northern Illinois , Carroll County became solidly Republican upon that party 's formation in the 1850s . Of all the counties won by inaugural Republican Party presidential nominee John Charles Frémont in 1856 , Carroll County was to maintain the longest unbroken string of supporting the GOP in subsequent elections . It would give a plurality to every subsequent Republican Presidential nominee up to George W. Bush in 2004 , beating by three elections the second longest run of Indiana 's Porter County which was to give a plurality to Bill Clinton in 1996 .
In that 1996 election Bob Dole won Carroll County by only 1.51 percentage points – the smallest margin by a Republican to that point – and in 2008 Illinois native Barack Obama broke this last remaining GOP streak stretching back to Frémont by carrying the county by 4.80 percentage points . Obama was to repeat his win in 2012 by 1.49 percent , but a dramatic swing to Republican Donald Trump in 2016 saw him win by the largest margin since Ronald Reagan 's 1984 landslide by gaining 59.6 % of the vote in Carroll County , scoring slightly higher than George H.W . Bush 's victory in 1988 in which Bush won 59.4 % of the vote in Carroll County .
The largest margin of victory ever in Carroll County was achieved by Warren G. Harding who won 86.7 % of votes in the county during the 1920 United States presidential election .
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Carroll County , Illinois
References
External links
Carroll County Government
Visit Carroll County
Village of Chadwick
City of Lanark
Village of Milledgeville
City of Mt . Carroll
City of Savanna
Visit Savanna
Village of Shannon
Village of Thomson
Visit Thomson
United States Census Bureau 2007 TIGER/Line Shapefiles
United States Board on Geographic Names ( GNIS )
United States National Atlas
Illinois counties
1839 establishments in Illinois
Populated places established in 1839
Illinois counties on the Mississippi River
Ahnam Centre of Culture and Industry ( – Sherkat-e Kesht va Sanʿat Aḥnām ) is a cultural centre and village in Hasanabad Rural District , Fashapuyeh District , Ray County , Tehran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 17 , in 4 families .
References
Populated places in Ray County , Iran
Pour point depressants are used to allow the use of petroleum based mineral oils at lower temperatures . The lowest temperature at which a fuel or oil will pour is called a pour point . Wax crystals , which form at lower temperatures , may interfere with lubrication of mechanical equipment . High-quality pour point depressants can lower a pour point of an oil additive by as much as 40°C .
Methods
Pour point depressants do not lower the temperature at which wax crystals begin to form , called the cloud point , or the amount of wax that is formed—pour point depressants work by altering the crystal shape and size , which inhibits lateral crystal growth . There are two known methods by which this may be achieved : surface adsorption and co-crystallization .
Types
Any reduction in an oil 's pour point depends on both the composition and properties of the oil , as well as the type of pour point depressant used . Other factors are the substance 's relative molecular weight , its chemical composition , and the substance 's concentration in the oil . If the concentration of pour point depressant is too high , there may be a visible effect on viscosity at higher temperatures .
Pour point depressants are only effective on refined oils . Non-refined oils contain polyaromatic hydrocarbons and resins which act as antagonists against synthetic pour point depressants . Pour point depressants are also ineffective for engine oils with a viscosity above SAE 30 . Generally they are most effective on thinner oils like SAE 10 , SAE 20 or SAE 30 grade oils .
Alkylaromatics and aliphatic polymers are two types of pour point depressants that are commercially available . Most commercially available pour point depressants are organic polymers , but nonpolymeric substances such as phenyltristearyloxysilane and pentaerythritol tetrastearate may also be effective .
Winter 1980-1981
In 1981 there was a problem with lubricating oil pumpability . The same thing happened the following winter , along with reports that oil would not flow out of containers . The issue seemed to be caused by olefin copolymers which caused the oil to gel in cold temperatures .
References
Petrochemicals
The City That Never Sleeps is a 1924 American silent drama film directed by James Cruze .
Cast
Preservation
With no prints of The City That Never Sleeps located in any film archives , it is a lost film .
References
External links
Reviews at silentsaregolden.com
1924 films
Films directed by James Cruze
1924 drama films
American silent feature films
American black-and-white films
Silent American drama films
Lost American films
1924 lost films
Lost drama films
1920s American films
Rosalia is a genus of longhorn beetles in the family Cerambycidae .
Species
Rosalia contains the following species :
Rosalia alpina ( Linnaeus , 1758 ) – Rosalia longicorn
Rosalia batesi Harold , 1877
Rosalia birmanicus ( Itzinger , 1943 )
Rosalia borneensis ( Rothschild & Jordan , 1893 )
Rosalia bouvieri Boppe , 1910
Rosalia breveapicalis ( Pic , 1946 )
Rosalia coelestis Semenov , 1911
Rosalia decempunctata ( Westwood , 1848 )
Rosalia dejeani Vuillet , 1911
Rosalia ferriei Vuillet , 1911
Rosalia formosa ( Saunders , 1839 )
Rosalia gravida Lameere , 1887
Rosalia hariola ( Thomson , 1861 )
Rosalia inexpectata Ritsema , 1890
Rosalia funebris Motschulsky , 1845 - Banded Alder Borer
Rosalia houlberti Vuillet , 1911
Rosalia kubotai Takakuwa , 1994
Rosalia laeta Lameere , 1906
Rosalia lameerei Brongniart , 1890
Rosalia lateritia ( Hope , 1831 )
Rosalia lesnei Boppe , 1911
Rosalia novempunctata Westwood , 1848
Rosalia oberthueri Vuillet , 1911
Rosalia ogurai Takakuwa & Karube , 1997
Rosalia pachycornis Takakuwa & Karube , 1997
Rosalia sanguinolenta Takakuwa & Karube , 1997
Rosalia sondaica Kreische , 1920
Rosalia splendens Karube , 1996
References
External links
Compsocerini
Mojca Kumerdej ( born 1964 ) is a Slovene writer , philosopher and critic . She works as the cultural chronicler for the daily newspaper Delo .
Biography
Kumerdej graduated in philosophy and sociology of culture from the University of Ljubljana . Her debut novel Krst nad Triglavom ( The Baptism over Mount Triglav ) is a parody and a witty and ironical revision of one of Slovene literary history 's most important works , the epic poem Krst pri Savici ( The Baptism at the Savica ) by France Prešeren . Her next two published books , Fragma and Temna snov , are collections of short stories . Her stories have
been translated into many languages and have been published in various Slovene and foreign literary journals and anthologies .
In 2017 , Kumerdej received a Prešeren Fund Award for her second novel Kronosova žetev .
Published works
Krst nad Triglavom ( The Baptism over Mount Triglav ) , novel , ( 2001 )
Fragma ( Fragma ) , short stories , ( 2003 )
Temna snov ( Dark Matter ) , short stories , ( 2011 )
Kronosova žetev ( Chronos ' Harvest ) , novel ( 2016 )
References
Slovenian writers
Slovenian philosophers
Slovenian women short story writers
Slovenian short story writers
Living people
1964 births
Slovenian women philosophers
University of Ljubljana alumni
21st-century philosophers
21st-century short story writers
20th-century Slovenian women writers
20th-century Slovenian writers
21st-century Slovenian women writers
21st-century Slovenian writers
Râu Alb is a commune in Dâmbovița County , Muntenia , Romania , with 1500 inhabitants . It is composed of two villages , Râu Alb de Jos ( the commune center ) and Râu Alb de Sus . These were part of Bărbulețu Commune until 2004 , when they were split off .
Râu Alb is about 7 km away from the town of Pucioasa , and about 40 km from Târgoviște , the county seat . The commune has its own hospital , church and police station .
References
Communes in Dâmbovița County
Localities in Muntenia
Rachilidis ( died 946 ) , was a Benedictine hermit , who lived some time in the 10th century , in what today is modern Switzerland .
Rachilidis spent most of her religious life in the confinement of her cell located close to the monastery of St. Gall , Switzerland , near the cell of Saint Wiborada . She is believed to have died around the year 946 .
Notes
Benedictine nuns
10th-century Christian saints
Swiss Roman Catholic religious sisters and nuns
946 deaths
Year of birth unknown
Zaccaria de Moris ( died 1517 ) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Terracina , Priverno e Sezze ( 1510–1517 ) .
Biography
On 13 May 1510 , Zaccaria de Moris was appointed by Pope Julius II as Bishop of Terracina , Priverno e Sezze .
He served as Bishop of Terracina , Priverno e Sezze until his death , perhaps in 1517 .
References
External links and additional sources
( for Chronology of Bishops )
( for Chronology of Bishops )
16th-century Italian Roman Catholic bishops
Bishops appointed by Pope Julius II
1517 deaths
Fabielle Dos Santos Mota ( born September 12 , 1978 ) is a male professional racing cyclist from Brazil .
Career highlights
2005
1st in Stage 4 500 Millas del Norte , Tacuarembo ( URU )
1st in Stage 7 500 Millas del Norte , Artigas ( URU )
3rd in Prova Ciclistica 1° de Maio - GP Ayrton Senna ( BRA )
3rd in Internacional de ciclismo ( BRA )
2006
1st in Stage 3 Torneio de Verao ( BRA )
1st in Stage 5 Volta Ciclistica de Porto Alegre , Porto Alegre ( BRA )
2nd in Copa Promoson ( BRA )
2007
3rd in Copa da Republica de Ciclismo ( BRA )
1st in Stage 5 Torneio de Verao , Portuaria ( BRA )
3rd in Circuito Boavista ( BRA )
1st in Stage 4 Volta do Rio de Janeiro , Campos ( BRA )
1st in Stage 9 Volta de Ciclismo Internacional do Estado de São Paulo , Campinas ( BRA )
1st in Copa Promoson , Varingha ( BRA )
1st in Stage 3 Volta de Goias , Caldas Novas ( BRA )
1st in Stage 5 Volta de Goias ( BRA )
2nd in General Classification Volta de Goias ( BRA )
2nd in Goiânia ( BRA )
2008
3rd in Copa América de Ciclismo , São Paulo ( BRA )
External links
1978 births
Living people
Brazilian male cyclists
Place of birth missing ( living people )
The 2015 San Jose State Spartans football team represented San Jose State University in the 2015 NCAA Division I FBS football season . The Spartans were led by third-year head coach Ron Caragher and played their home games at Spartan Stadium . They were members of the Mountain West Conference in the West Division . They finished the season 6–7 , 4–4 in Mountain West play to finish in a tie for second place in the West Division . Though they finished 5–7 on the regular season , they qualified for a bowl berth due to having the third highest eligible Academic Progress Rate ( APR ) , after only 77 of the 80 bids for a bowl were filled . This was San Jose 's first bowl berth since 2012 . The Spartans defeated Georgia State 27–16 to win the inaugural Cure Bowl .
Personnel
Roster
Schedule
Schedule Source :
Game summaries
New Hampshire
at Air Force
at Oregon State
Fresno State
at Auburn
at UNLV
San Diego State
New Mexico
BYU
at Nevada
at Hawaii
Boise State
Georgia State–Cure Bowl
References
San Jose State
San Jose State Spartans football seasons
Cure Bowl champion seasons
San Jose State Spartans football
The Flamand was a 56-gun Bordelois-class ship of the line of the French Navy . She was funded by a don des vaisseaux donation from the Estates of Flanders , and built by engineer Léon Guignace on a design by Antoine Groignard . She took part in Suffren 's campaign during the American Revolutionary War .
Career
Completed too late to serve in the Seven Years ' War , Flamand was offered to the Ottoman Navy , along with her sister-ship Ferme ; however the Ottoman were disappointed by the 100,000 piastres they had to pay for the first ship , and declined to purchase a second one .
Activated for the American Revolutionary War , Flamand was assigned to Suffren 's squadron in the Indian Ocean .
At the Battle of Sadras , on 17 February 1782 , Suffren ordered the 64-gun Ajax , under René Joseph Bouvet de Précourt , and Flamand , under Cuverville , to attack the British line to leeward . They both maneuvered to this effect , but then Tromelin , on Annibal , countermanded the order by signaling Ajax and Flamand to return to their post in the line of battle . While Ajax obeyed the order , Flamand sailed on and Saint-Félix , of Brillant , requested permission to replace Ajax .
In the Battle of Negapatam , she engaged the much stronger HMS Hero .
Flamand took part in the Battle of Cuddalore the next year ; after her commanding officer , Lieutenant Perier de Salvert , was killed , her first officer , Jacques Trublet de Villejégu , assumed command .
Notes , citations , and references
Notes
Citations
References
External links
French Fourth Rate ship of the line 'Le Flamand ' ( 1765 ) at Three Decks - Warships in the Age of Sail
Ships of the line of the French Navy
1765 ships
Don des vaisseaux
Bordelois-class ships of the line
myDeejay is an Italian music television channel . It launched on October 1 , 2009 as a pay-television service on Sky Italia .
External links
Music television channels
Television channels in Italy
GEDI Gruppo Editoriale
Italian-language television stations
Television channels and stations established in 2009
Music organisations based in Italy
de : My Deejay
Conductive atomic force microscopy ( C-AFM ) or current sensing atomic force microscopy ( CS-AFM ) is a mode in atomic force microscopy ( AFM ) that simultaneously measures the topography of a material and the electric current flow at the contact point of the tip with the surface of the sample . The topography is measured by detecting the deflection of the cantilever using an optical system ( laser + photodiode ) , while the current is detected using a current-to-voltage preamplifier . The fact that the CAFM uses two different detection systems ( optical for the topography and preamplifier for the current ) is a strong advantage compared to scanning tunneling microscopy ( STM ) . Basically , in STM the topography picture is constructed based on the current flowing between the tip and the sample ( the distance can be calculated depending on the current ) . Therefore , when a portion of a sample is scanned with an STM , it is not possible to discern if the current fluctuations are related to a change in the topography ( due to surface roughness ) or to a change in the sample conductivity ( due to intrinsic inhomogeneities ) .
The CAFM is usually operated in contact mode ; the tip can be kept at one location while the voltage and current signals are applied/read , or it can be moved to scan a specific region of the sample under a constant voltage ( and the current is collected ) . Recently , some manufacturers provide the option of measuring the current in semi-contact mode . The CAFM was first developed by Sean O'Shea and co-workers at the University of Cambridge in 1993 , and it is referred to in the literature by several names , including C-AFM , local-conductivity AFM ( LC-AFM ) , conductive probe AFM ( CP-AFM ) , conductive scanning probe microscopy ( C-SPM ) or conductive scanning force microscopy ( C-SFM ) , although CAFM is the most widespread .
Working principle
In order to transform an AFM into a CAFM , three elements are required : i ) the probe tip must be conductive , ii ) a voltage source is needed to apply a potential difference between the tip and the sample holder , and iii ) a preamplifier is used to convert the ( analogical ) current signal into ( digital ) voltages that can be read by the computer . In CAFM experiments , the sample is usually fixed on the sample holder using a conductive tape or paste , being silver paints the most widespread . A Faraday cage is also convenient to isolate the sample from any external electrical interference . Using this setup , when a potential difference is imposed between tip and sample an electrical field is generated , which results in a net current flowing from tip-to-sample or vice versa . The currents collected by the CAFM obey the relationship :
where I is the total current flowing through the tip/sample nanojunction , J is the current density and Aeff is the effective emission area through which electrons can flow ( from now on we will refer to it just as effective area ) . The most common mistake in CAFM research is to assume that the effective emission area ( Aeff ) equals the physical contact area ( Ac ) . Strictly , this assumption is erroneous because in many different tip/sample systems the electrical field applied may propagate laterally . For example , when the CAFM tip is placed on a metal the lateral conductivity of the sample is very high , making ( in principle ) the whole sample surface area electrically connected ( Aeff equals the area covered by the metallic film/electrode ) . Aeff has been defined as : '' the sum of all those infinitesimal spatial locations on the surface of the sample that are electrically connected to the CAFM tip ( the potential difference is negligible ) . As such , Aeff is a virtual entity that summarizes all electrically relevant effects within the tip/sample contact system into a single value , over which the current density is assumed to be constant . '' Therefore , when the CAFM tip is placed in contact with a metal ( a metallic sample or just a metallic pad on an insulator ) , the lateral conductivity of the metal is very high , and the CAFM tip can be understood as a current collector ( nanosized probestation ) ; on the contrary , if the CAFM tip is placed directly on an insulator , it acts as a nanosized electrode and provides a very high lateral resolution . The value of Aeff when a Pt-Ir coated tip ( with a typical radius of 20 nm ) is placed on a SiO2 insulating film has been calculated to be typically 50 nm2 . The value of Aeff can fluctuate depending on the environmental conditions , and it can range from 1 nm2 in ultra high vacuum ( UHV ) to 300 nm2 in very humid environments . On well-defined single crystal surfaces under UHV conditions it has even been demonstrated that measurements of the local conductivity with atomic resolution are possible .
Applications
CAFM was initially used in the field of nanoelectronics to monitor the electrical properties of thin dielectrics with very high lateral resolution . The first CAFM development in 1993 had the goal of studying the local tunneling currents through 12 nm thick SiO2 films . In 1995 and 1996 , O'Shea and Ruskell further improved the lateral resolution of the CAFM technique , achieving values of 10 nm and 8 nm , respectively . This enhanced resolution allowed to observe the first topographic-current correlations , and the inhomogeneity observed in the current maps was associated to the presence of local native defects in the oxide . Following works by Olbrich and Ebersberger reported that , in SiO2 films thinner than 5 nm , the tunneling current increases exponentially with thickness reductions . Consequently , thickness fluctuations of tenths of nanometer in the SiO2 film could create electrically weak spots that reduce the reliability of the whole dielectric film , as the dielectric breakdown ( BD ) is a stochastic process . The capability of the CAFM for determining the thickness of thin oxides was further demonstrated by Frammelsberger and co-workers who statistically analyzed more than 7200 I-V curves , and reported SiO2 thicknesses with a sensitivity of ±0.3 nm . Other local phenomena like charge trapping , trap assisted tunneling and stress induced leakage current ( SILC ) can be also easily monitored with CAFM . In general , the CAFM can monitor the effect of any process that introduces local changes in the structure of the dielectric , including thermal annealing , dopping and irradiation , among others .
Apart from monitoring the electrical properties of a dielectric , the CAFM can be also used to alter its properties by applying an electrical field locally . In particular , the CAFM is especially useful to determine which locations of the samples lead to premature BD , which can provide essential information about the reliability of the samples . The CAFM also helped to confirm the percolation theory of the BD by experimentally proving that this is a very local phenomenon that occurs in small areas typically below 100 nm2 . Lateral propagations of the BD event can also be detected by CAFM . The severity of the BD event can also be studied from the dielectric breakdown induced epitaxy , which can be observed from subsequent topographic images collected with the CAFM after the voltage ramp . Similarly , the analysis of the BD recovery ( resistive switching , RS ) can also be monitored by CAFM . All the capabilities of the CAFM for studying resistive switching in dielectrics have been summarized in the review article of reference . Unlike a normal AFM , the CAFM can be also used to perform local photolithography via bias-assisted local anodic oxidation ( LAO ) . Nowadays the CAFM technique has expanded to many other fields of science , including physics , materials science , chemistry and engineering ( among many others ) , and it has been used to study different materials and/or structures , including nanoparticles , molecules , nanowires , carbon nanotubes , two dimensional ( 2D ) materials , coatings , photoelectricity and piezoelectricity ( among others ) . As of June 14 of 2016 , the CAFM had been used in 1325 journal research articles , and it has become a popular tool in nanosciences .
CAFM probes
The main problem of the CAFM is that the probes are more expensive and wear out faster than those used in topographic AFM maps , mainly due to the high current densities flowing through the tip/sample nanojunction , but also due to lateral friction . The premature degradation of a CAFM tip not only increases the cost of the experiments , but also reduces the reliability of the data collected . For this reason , when using CAFM , tip conductivity characterization ( using a reference sample ) before and after the experiments is highly recommended ; only if the CAFM tip holds the same conductivity before and after is the data collected considered reliable . The first types of conductive nanoprobes used in CAFM experiments , which are still widely used nowadays , consist on standard silicon nanoprobes ( as those used in topographic AFM measurements ) varnished with thin metallic films , including Pt , Au , Ru , Ti and Cr , among others . The varnish should be thick enough to withstand the large current densities and frictions , and at the same time thin enough to not increase significantly the radius of the tip apex , maintaining its sharpness and ensuring a high lateral resolution of the CAFM technique . As mentioned , the lifetime of the metal-varnished tips for CAFM experiments is much shorter than in any other AFM mode , mainly due to metallic varnish melting and loss of tip mass during the scans . To solve this problem , CAFM silicon tips varnished with hard materials like phosphorus-doped diamond have appeared . The main problems of diamond-coapted CAFM tips are : i ) they are much more expensive , and ii ) they are very stiff and can damage ( scratch ) the surface of the samples under tests . Another option is to use sharpened metallic wires as the tip , but also the use of hone techniques increases their price ( compared to metal-coated Si tips ) . Furthermore , these tips can also degrade ( lose their conductivity ) by particle adhesion . A cheap and effective methodology to protect CAFM tips from degrading is to coat them with graphene , which can withstand well the high current densities and mechanical friction . Moreover , graphene is inert and slows down particle adhesion to the tip apex .
The preamplifier
The analogical current signals flowing through the tip/sample nanojunction are sent to the preamplifier , which transforms them into digital voltages that can be read by the data acquisition ( DAQ ) card of the computer . Many manufacturers integrate the preamplifier in the so-called `` CAFM application module '' , which is a removable component that can be fixed to the AFM ( usually very near to the tip to minimize the electrical noise ) to perform conductivity measurements . Similarly , many other modules allow AFMs to perform other operations , like scanning capacitance microscopy ( SCM ) or scanning spreading resistance microscopy ( SSRM ) . In most CAFM experiments the currents measured typically can range between a few picoamperes and hundreds of microamperes , while the voltages readable by the DAQ card usually range between -3 V to +3V . Therefore , the preamplifier needs to provide a very low noise and a high transimpedance ( gain ) . Figure 2 shows the simplified schematic of a typical low noise preamplifier for CAFM measurements , in which some elements can be distinguished : i ) an operational amplifier with high input impedance ; ii ) a feedback resistor ( Rf ) and its parasite capacitor ( Cs ) and Johnson noise ( et ) associated effects ; iii ) a noise voltage source associated to the operational amplifier ( en ) ; and iv ) a capacitance associated to the input interconnections ( Ci ) . A correct selection of the electrical components is essential to achieve good and reliable CAFM data acquisition . For example , the value of Rf is not trivial : a very high value of Rf improves the noise-signal ratio , while reduces the bandwidth of the preamplifier . Therefore , the value of Rf should be chosen to provide enough bandwidth and a noise level below the current values that we want to measure . The parameter en can be easily reduced by using a commercial low noise operational amplifier . The capacitance associated to the connections ( Ci ) can be easily minimized by placing the preamplifier as near as possible to the conductive tip . The company FEMTO , one of the world leading manufacturers of preamplifiers compatible with CAFMs , can provide devices with electrical noise as low as 3 fA and a gain up to 1013 V/A . Nevertheless , the main limitation of CAFM preamplifiers is their narrow current dynamic range , which usually allows collecting electrical signals only within three or four orders of magnitude ( or even less ) . To solve this problem preamplifiers with an adjustable gain can be used to focus on specific ranges . A more sophisticated solution for this problem is to combine the CAFM with a sourcemeter , semiconductor parameter analyzer or with a logarithmic preamplifier , which can capture the currents flowing through the tip/sample system at any range and with a high resolution .
References
Scanning probe microscopy
Microscopy
The State of Bahrain ( ) was the name of Bahrain from 1971 to 2002 .
On 15 August 1971 , Bahrain declared independence and signed a new treaty of friendship with the United Kingdom . Bahrain joined the United Nations and the Arab League later in the year .
The oil boom of the 1970s benefited Bahrain greatly , although the subsequent downturn hurt the economy . The country had already begun diversification of its economy and benefited further from Lebanese Civil War in the 1970s and 1980s , when Bahrain replaced Beirut as the Middle East 's financial hub after Lebanon 's large banking sector was driven out of the country by the war .
Following the 1979 Islamic revolution in Iran , in 1981 Bahraini Shī ' a fundamentalists orchestrated a failed coup attempt under the auspices of a front organisation , the Islamic Front for the Liberation of Bahrain . The coup would have installed a Shī ' a cleric exiled in Iran , Hujjatu l-Islām Hādī al-Mudarrisī , as supreme leader heading a theocratic government . In December 1994 , a group of youths threw stones at female runners during an international marathon for running bare-legged . The resulting clash with police soon grew into civil unrest .
A popular uprising occurred between 1994 and 2000 in which leftists , liberals and Islamists joined forces . The event resulted in approximately forty deaths and ended after Hamad ibn Isa Al Khalifa became the Emir of Bahrain in 1999 . A referendum on 14–15 February 2001 massively supported the National Action Charter . He instituted elections for parliament , gave women the right to vote , and released all political prisoners . As part of the adoption of the National Action Charter on 14 February 2002 , Bahrain changed its formal name from the State ( dawla ) of Bahrain to the Kingdom of Bahrain .
The constitutional experiment
Based on its new constitution , Bahraini men elected its first National Assembly in 1973 ( although Article 43 of the 1973 Constitution states that the Assembly is to be elected by `` universal suffrage '' , the conditional clause `` in accordance with the provisions of the electoral law '' allowed the regime to prevent women from participating ) . Although the Assembly and the then emir Isa ibn Salman al-Khalifa quarreled over a number of issues : foreign policy ; the U.S. naval presence , and the budget , the biggest clash came over the State Security Law ( SSL ) . The Assembly refused to ratify the government-sponsored law , which allowed , among other things , the arrest and detention of people for up to three years , ( renewable ) without a trial .
The legislative stalemate over this act created a public crisis , and on 25 August 1975 , the emir dissolved the Assembly . The emir then ratified the State Security Law by decree , and suspended those articles in the constitution dealing with the legislative powers of the Assembly . In that same year , the emir established the State Security Court , whose judgments were not subject to appeal .
Constitution of 1973
The constitution of 1973 was written shortly after Bahrain 's independence from Britain in 1971 . In 1972 , the then ruler Shaikh Isa bin Salman Al Khalifa issued a decree providing for the election of a Constituent Assembly that would be responsible for drafting and ratifying the constitution . The electorate of the constituent assembly was native-born male citizens aged twenty years or older . The constituent assembly consisted of twenty-two elected delegates , plus the twelve members of the Council of Ministers and eight members directly appointed by the emir Shaikh Isa .
The constitution drawn up provided for a unicameral legislature ( the National Assembly ) consisting of 30 members elected through `` universal suffrage '' ( though franchise was restricted to males ) , plus fourteen royally-appointed government ministers who are ex officio members . The constitution was enacted by amiri decree in December 1973 .
Only one parliamentary election was ever held under the 1973 Constitution ( see : Bahraini parliamentary election , 1973 ) before it was abrogated by the emir Shaikh Isa in 1975 . The country was governed under emergency laws from 1975 to 2002 .
References
Bahrain
States and territories established in 1971
States and territories disestablished in 2002
1971 establishments in Bahrain
2000s disestablishments in Bahrain
HPE Discover is the Hewlett Packard Enterprise showcase technology event for business and government customers . In 2011 , HP Enterprise Business , along with participating independent user groups , combined its annual HP Software Universe , HP Technology Forum and HP Technology @ Work into a single event , HP Discover . There are now two HPE Discover events annually , one for the Americas and one for Europe , Middle East and Africa ( EMEA ) . Since the split of Hewlett-Packard into HP Inc and Hewlett Packard Enterprise , HP Discover was replaced with HPE Discover focusing on the enterprise company 's products and services .
HP Discover 2011
HP Discover 2011 Americas took place June 6–10 , in Las Vegas at the Venetian/Palazzo . The event offered nearly a thousand sessions on application transformation , converged infrastructure , information optimization , mobile devices , WebOS , global data centers , security , hybrid delivery and cloud computing .
Approximately ten thousand customers , partners and IT thought leaders attended HP Discover 2011 in Las Vegas and approximately 5,000 attended the EMEA event . The Americas conference featured tracks designed for several industries including automotive and aerospace ; communications , media & entertainment , energy , financial services , healthcare and life sciences , high-tech and electronics , public sector , retail and consumer goods , and transportation and logistics . The nearly one thousand sessions , hands-on labs and exhibits explored all areas of the HP Enterprise Business portfolio including servers , storage , networking , software and services . In addition , the company provided sneak previews of its new tablet device , webOS TouchPad which will be available in July 2011 .
In addition to breakout sessions , the event offered hands-on labs , thought leadership keynotes and opportunities to network with peers , HP executives , senior technologists , and HP partners . HP Discover 2011-Las Vegas sponsors included Microsoft , SAP , Intel , Brocade , Emulex , Alcatel-Lucent , AMD , VMware , Samsung and many others .
The HP Discover 2011 event in EMEA took place in Vienna , Austria , at the Reed Exhibitions , Messe Wien Congress Center , on November 29 through December 1 , 2011 .
HPE Discover dates and locations
June 6–10 , 2011 : Las Vegas
November 29 - December 1 , 2011 : Vienna
June 4-7 , 2012 : Las Vegas
December 4-6 , 2012 : Frankfurt
June 11-13 , 2013 : Las Vegas
December 10-12 , 2013 : Barcelona
June 09-12 , 2014 : Las Vegas
December 2-4 , 2014 : Barcelona
June 2-4 , 2015 : Las Vegas
December 1-3 , 2015 : London
June 7-9 , 2016 : Las Vegas
November 29 - December 1 , 2016 : London
June 5-8 , 2017 : Las Vegas
November 28-30 , 2017 : Madrid
June 18-21 , 2018 : Las Vegas
November 27-29 , 2018 : Madrid
June 18-20 , 2019 : Las Vegas
Starting June 23 , 2020 : HPE Virtual Event
References
External links
Vivit Deep Dive Advanced Training at HP DISCOVER in Vienna
HPE Discover official conference site
Shunra Events at HP Discover
See independent points of view on HP Discover : As part of the HP Discover 2011 event in Las Vegas on June 6 - 10 , HP invited a group of independent bloggers to attend and interact with its executives , other bloggers and business partners presenting .
HPE Discover
The 1950–51 Norwegian 1 . Divisjon season was the 12th season of ice hockey in Norway . Eight teams participated in the league , and Furuset IF won the championship .
Regular season
External links
Norwegian Ice Hockey Federation
Nor
GET-ligaen seasons
1950–51 in Norwegian ice hockey
West Fulton Township is one of eighteen townships in Callaway County , Missouri , USA . As of the 2010 census , its population was 7,269 .
History
West Fulton Township was formed from a western section of historic Fulton Township in the 2000s . The remainder of Fulton Township was later renamed East Fulton Township . For a history of the unified Fulton Township , see East Fulton Township .
Geography
West Fulton Township covers an area of and contains the west portion of the city of Fulton ( the county seat ) . It contains two cemeteries : Callaway Memorial Gardens and Wright .
Transportation
West Fulton Township contains one airport or landing strip , Fulton Municipal Airport .
References
USGS Geographic Names Information System ( GNIS )
External links
US-Counties.com
City-Data.com
Townships in Callaway County , Missouri
Jefferson City metropolitan area
Townships in Missouri
La Bataille de la Moscowa is a board wargame published originally by Martial Enterprises in 1975 , later republished by Game Designers Workshop in 1977 , and by Clash of Arms in 2011 .
Gameplay
La Bataille de la Moscowa is a wargame that simulates the Battle of Borodino during Napoleon 's invasion of Russia .
The game introduced the concept of `` limited intelligence '' : Only unit identification and movement allowance are printed on the face-up side of each counter , while all other combat information is printed on the reverse . Thus an opponent only has a vague idea of the capabilities of a unit when it first is placed on the map . It is only when the unit is engaged in combat that it is flipped over to reveal its true strength ( or weakness ) .
Components
22-page rulebook ( 16 pages of scenarios )
1440 counters
four 28 '' x 22 '' paper hex grid maps scaled at 100 m ( 109 yd ) per hex
Development and publication history
La Bataille de la Moscowa was originally designed by Laurence A. Groves and published by Martial Enterprises in 1975 . ( The company changed its name to Marshall Enterprises shortly after the game was published . ) The game was originally released as a `` baggy game '' ( everything enclosed in a plastic bag rather than a box ) , and included six short scenarios and a grand battle game .
Scaled to the regimental/battalion level — each hex is 100 metres , and each turn is 20 minutes of game time — the game utilizes four maps and 1400 counters representing various military units , making it one of the biggest and most complex wargames published at the time . In the essay `` A Game Out of All Proportion '' , Jon Peterson commented that `` The market 's sweet tooth for fantasy in the 1970s did not spoil its appetite for historical simulation entirely . Traditional wargames in this period grew in both depth and breadth , though not simultaneously in the same product . The small unit actions depicted by Tactical Game 3 inspired a number of narrow-scale successors [ ... ] Simultaneously , other titles tried to capture the campaign-level activities of major battle theatres [ ... ] there followed many of these so-called `` monster games , '' such as the 1,400-counter juggernaut of Marshall Enterprises , La Bataille de la Moscowa ( 1975 ) [ ... ] These games tested the limits of what could practically be modelled on a physical apparatus . ''
In 1977 , GDW bought the rights to the game and republished it as a boxed set with upgraded components and minor rules revisions .
Marshall Enterprises continued to produce games in the `` Bataille '' series :
La Bataille de Auerstaedt ( 1977 )
La Bataille de Pruessisch-Eylau ( 1978 )
La Bataille d'Espagnol : Talavera ( 1979 )
La Bataille de Austerlitz ( 1980 )
La Bataille de Deutsch-Wagram
In 1984 , Clash of Arms bought the rights to the entire series ; they re-released Bataille de la Moscowa ( 3rd Edition ) in 2011 .
Reception
In a 1976 poll undertaken by wargame publisher SPI to determine the most popular board wargame , La Bataille de la Moscowa was voted the best amateur game , and was the second-most popular game .
In his 1977 book The Comprehensive Guide to Board Wargaming , Nicholas Palmer called this game `` quite out of the ordinary . '' He noted the `` detailed rules with an emphasis on tactical accuracy , '' but warned that games were `` Very long indeed ( 40 hours plus . ) '' He concluded by characterizing the game as `` satisfying '' but `` Very complex . '' In his 1980 sequel , The Best of Board Wargaming , Palmer called the second edition `` one of the most beautiful sights in wargaming : four maps in four colours , six counter sheets in five more colours [ ... ] and two full colour , order-of-battle sheets . '' He concluded , `` Most players mad enough to want all the detail of the game will probably also be mad enough to play the full battle game sooner or later , and certainly this offers maximum scope for both strategy and tactical ingenuity . ''
In the 1981 edition of The Wargamer , ( Vol.1 No . 15 ) , Charles Vasey found the complexity of the game admirable , although he had minor disagreements with a few of the morale rules . Vasey also disagreed with some aspects of the makeup of the armies , complaining that the game makes Russian Jaeger units and Russian cavalry inferior to their French opponents when Vasey claimed history showed the opposite . Despite these problems , he recommended the game , saying , `` it 's colourful , it 's big , it 's exciting , it 's full of flavour . ''
In Issue 53 of Moves , Ian Chadwick commented that `` While not an overly complex game to learn , it does take a long time to play and it takes a while to familiarize players with the intricacies of the tactical game . '' He liked the unique `` limited intelligence '' rule , and also admired `` A particular lack of rules constraints '' , noting that there were no restrictions on the mobility or attack capability of units . His two dislikes were too much white space on the maps , making them hard to look at during long games ; and no rules about unit formations , despite a long tradition in Napoleonic wargames to define how units are presented . Despite these problems , he concluded by giving it a `` B '' for playability , an `` A '' for historical accuracy , and a `` B '' for component quality , saying , `` A delight and a must in the collection of Napoleonic and tactical buffs . ''
Awards
At the 1976 Origins Awards , La Bataille de la Moscowa won the Charles S. Roberts Award for Best Amateur Game of 1975 .
References
Clash of Arms games
Game Designers ' Workshop games
Napoleonic Wars board wargames
Origins Award winners
A Haziratu ' l-Quds ( Arabic , sacred fold ) , or Baháʼí centre , is one of the national , regional or local Baháʼí administrative centres .
Shoghi Effendi , the head of the Baháʼí Faith in the first half of the 20th century , wrote that the Haziratu ' l-Quds should include the secretariat , treasury , archives , library , publishing office , assembly hall , council chamber and the pilgrims ' hostel . He also stated that its functions would be complementary to those of the Baháʼí House of Worship , and that it would be desirable if both these buildings would be on the same site .
References
Bahá ' í institutions
Bahá ' í terminology
Kom ( ) is a song written by Rob Wåtz and Raz Lindwall and performed by Jessica Andersson . The song was selected as one of the competing songs in Melodifestivalen 2007 , a song competition to represent Sweden at the Eurovision Song Contest . The song finished fourth in the second semi-final on 10 February 2007 and processed to the second chance round , where it was eliminated by Sanna Nielsen 's `` Vågar du , vågar jag '' on 3 March 2007 .
The single was released on 9 March 2007 , peaking at number 16 on the Swedish Singles Chart .
Track listing
CD single
`` Kom '' ( Original ) - 3:00
`` Kom '' ( Extended Version ) - 3:29
`` Kom '' ( Single Version ) - 2:59
Charts
Release history
References
2007 singles
2006 songs
Jessica Andersson songs
Melodifestivalen songs of 2007
Pure alexia , also known as agnosic alexia or alexia without agraphia or pure word blindness , is one form of alexia which makes up `` the peripheral dyslexia '' group . Individuals who have pure alexia have severe reading problems while other language-related skills such as naming , oral repetition , auditory comprehension or writing are typically intact .
Pure alexia is also known as : `` alexia without agraphia '' , `` letter-by-letter dyslexia '' , `` spelling dyslexia '' , or `` word-form dyslexia '' . Another name for it is `` Dejerine syndrome '' , after Joseph Jules Dejerine , who described it in 1892 ; however , when using this name , it should not be confused with medial medullary syndrome which shares the same eponym .
Classification
Pure alexia results from cerebral lesions in circumscribed brain regions and therefore belongs to the group of acquired reading disorders , alexia , as opposed to developmental dyslexia found in children who have difficulties in learning to read .
Causes
Pure alexia almost always involves an infarct to the left posterior cerebral artery ( which perfuses the splenium of the corpus callosum and left visual cortex , among other things ) . The resulting deficit will be pure alexia – i.e. , the patient can write but can not read ( even what they have just written ) . However , because pure alexia affects visual input , not auditory input , patients with pure alexia can recognize words that are spelled out loud to them . This is because the left visual cortex has been damaged , leaving only the right visual cortex ( occipital lobe ) able to process visual information , but it is unable to send this information to the language areas ( Broca 's area , Wernicke 's area , etc . ) in the left brain because of the damage to the splenium of the corpus callosum . Patients with this deficit mostly do have a stroke to the posterior cerebral artery . But they may be susceptible to pure alexia as a consequence of other traumatic brain injuries ( TBIs ) as well . Anything that stops proper blood flow to the area necessary for normal reading abilities will cause a form of alexia . The posterior cerebral artery is a main locale for the cause of this deficit because this artery is not just responsible for itself . It also supplies the anterior temporal branches , the posterior temporal branches , the calcarine branch , and the parieto-occipital branch . What is important about these arteries is their location . All of them supply blood to the back outer parts of the brain . This part of the brain is also referred to as the posterior lateral part of the brain . In cases of pure alexia , locations are found in the section of the brain , specifically the temporo-occipital area . This is the area that is activated when people without any sort of alexia receive activation when undergoing orthographic processing . This area is known as the visual word form area due to this pattern of activation .
The patient can still write because the pathways connecting the left-sided language areas to the motor areas are intact . However , many people with pure alexia are able to identify and name individual letters over time as well as recognize sequences of letters as words . These people typically adapt to their disability and are able to use a style of compensatory reading known as letter-by-letter reading . This style of reading takes longer than the conventional style of reading does . As the number of letters in a word increases , the amount of time it takes for the person with pure alexia increases . For each letter that is added , a patient may take up to an additional three seconds to read the word .
Studies have shown that pure alexia may be a result of a disconnection syndrome . Analysis of diffusion images showed that the visual word form area ( VWFA ) is connected to the occipital lobe via the inferior longitudinal fasciculus ( ILF ) , a projection that runs between the temporal and occipital lobe . functional magnetic resonance imaging ( fMRI ) and Diffusion Tensor Imaging ( DTI ) showed that two weeks after surgery in the ILF , the VWFA-Occipital Lobe tract was severely degenerated . The results came from an epileptic patient who showed symptoms of pure alexia after his surgery . Thus , the proposed pathophysiological mechanism is that the ILF lesion interferes with transmission of visual information to the VWFA . There is , however , an alternative view that suggests the `` VWFA '' is devoted to processing of high acuity foveal input , which is particularly salient for complex visual stimuli like letter strings . Studies have highlighted disrupted processing of non-linguistic visual stimuli after damage to the left pFG , both for familiar and unfamiliar objects
Pure alexia exhibits some unexpected residual abilities despite the inability to read words . For instance , one patient had preserved calculation capabilities such as deciding which number was greater , and whether a number was odd or even with greater than chance probability . The study showed that the patient was also able to calculate simple arithmetic tasks such as addition , subtraction , and division , but not multiplication , even though the patient could not read the numbers . For example , the patient would be presented with `` 8 – 6 '' , and he or she would read it as `` five minus four '' , but still come up with the correct answer `` two '' with greater than chance accuracy . Pure alexia patients also seem to retain some residual semantic processing . They are able to perform better than chance when forced to make a lexical decision or make a semantic-categorisation decision . These subjects also performed better with nouns than functors , better with words that had high rather than low imageability , and performed poorly with suffixes . However , this may be due to right hemisphere input or residual left hemisphere input .
Research
In patients , a common symptom is letter-by-letter reading or LBL . This action is a compensatory strategy which these patients use in order to come up with a semblance of reading . It is essentially looking at the consonants and vowels of the word and sounding them out as they sound . However , this method does not always work , especially for words like 'phone ' where the ph sounds like an f , but if sounded out , does not sound like an f. Also , by reading words in the fashion , the rate at which patients read words is much slower compared to people who do not have this disability . Petersen et al . proved that the issue of reading time had more to do with the length of the words than reading ability . The team had 4 patients with right hemisphere damage and 4 patients with left hemisphere damage in the temporo-occipital lobes as well as 26 controls were shown one word at a time on a screen . They were exposed to 20 words of 3 and 5 letters , 12 words of 7 letters . The subjects were asked to read the words as quickly and as accurately as possible . The patients with left hemisphere lesions consistently read the longer words slower than the controls despite the difficulty of the word . It is thought that as the word gets longer , the letters on the outsides of the word go into peripheral vision , making the patient shift their attention thus making the patient take longer to read .
Rehabilitation
Though there have been ample attempts to rehabilitate patients with pure alexia , few have proven to be effective on a large scale . Most rehabilitation practices have been specialized to a single patient or small patient group . At the simplest level , patients seeking rehabilitation are asked to practice reading words aloud repeatedly . This is meant to stimulate the damaged system of the brain . This is known as multiple oral re-reading ( MOR ) treatment . This is a text-based approach that is implemented in order to prevent patients from LBL reading . MOR works by reading aloud the same text repeatedly until certain criteria are reached . The most important criteria for a pure alexic patient are reading at an improved rate . The treatment aims to shift patients away from the LBL reading strategy by strengthening links between visual input and the associated orthographic representations . This repetition supports the idea of using top-down processing initially minimize the effects peripheral processing which were demonstrated in the study above . From here , the goal is to increase bottom-up processing . This will hopefully aid in word recognition and promote interactive processing of all available information to support reading . 'The supported reading stimulation from MOR has a rehabilitative effect so that reading rate and accuracy are better for untrained text , and word-form recognition improves as evidenced by a reduced word-length effect . ' These tactics have seen quite good success .
Another tactic that has been employed is the use of cross modal therapy . In this therapy , patients are asked to trace the words in which they are trying to read aloud . There has been success using cross modal therapy such as kinaesthetic or motor-cross cuing therapy , but tends to be a more feasible approach for those on the slower reading end of the spectrum .
References
Alexia ( condition )
Agnosia
Aphasias
Pencarnisiog is a village in the community of Llanfaelog , Ynys Môn , Wales , which is 132.9 miles ( 213.8 km ) from Cardiff and 218.5 miles ( 351.6 km ) from London .
There is a Welsh-medium primary school , Ysgol Gynradd Pencarnisiog , in the village , founded in 1911 . As of January 2018 , the school had the second highest percentage of pupils ( aged 5 and over ) who spoke Welsh at home in Wales , at 95.6 % .
References
See also
List of localities in Wales by population
Villages in Anglesey
Hot Cargo is a 1946 American drama film directed by Lew Landers and written by Daniel Mainwaring . The film stars William Gargan , Jean Rogers , Phillip Reed , Larry Young , Harry Cording and Will Wright . The film was released on June 28 , 1946 , by Paramount Pictures .
Plot
The first thing soldiers Joe and Chris do after coming home from the war is fulfilled the quirky final wishes of a pal . Kissing a woman who owns a lumber mill is on the list , and after Chris plants one on an unsuspecting Jerry Walters , she slaps his face .
Going to visit their late friend 's family , the Chapmans , they find its trucking business in total disarray . Chris is a botanist and Joe 's career is baseball , but they put their own lives on hold to help the family . Although she had begun to take a shine to him , Jerry is offended when Chris asks her to let the Chapmans haul her lumber , believing she 's been romanced with an ulterior motive .
Warren Porter is jealous of this interest in Jerry , and he and his boss , Matt Wayne , scheme against the newcomers and the family . Things get out of hand when one of the Chapmans is killed . Wayne ends up taking Jerry hostage and shooting Porter , after which the police , aided by Joe and Chris , arrive to save her .
Cast
William Gargan as Joe Harkness
Jean Rogers as Jerry Walters
Phillip Reed as Chris Bigelow
Larry Young as Warren Porter
Harry Cording as Matt Wayne
Will Wright as Tim Chapman
Virginia Brissac as Mrs. Chapman
David Holt as Peter Chapman
Elaine Riley as Porter 's Secretary
Dick Elliott as Frankie
References
External links
1946 films
Paramount Pictures films
American drama films
1946 drama films
Films directed by Lew Landers
American black-and-white films
1940s English-language films
1940s American films
The Contempt of Court Act 1981 is an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom . It codifies some aspects of the common law offence of contempt of court .
Section 8 of the Act provides that it is an offence for a person to ask for or make public any opinions or arguments put forward by a jury member in the course of making a decision .
References
United Kingdom Acts of Parliament 1981
In December 1984 , Haidallah was deposed by Colonel Maaouya Ould Sid'Ahmed Taya , who , while retaining tight military control , relaxed the political climate . Ould Taya moderated Mauritania 's previous pro-Algerian stance , and re-established ties with Morocco during the late 1980s . He deepened these ties during the late 1990s and early 2000s as part of Mauritania 's drive to attract support from Western states and Western-aligned Arab states . Mauritania has not rescinded its recognition of Polisario 's Western Saharan exile government , and remains on good terms with Algeria . Its position on the Western Sahara conflict has been , since the 1980s , one of strict neutrality .
1984–1991
Ordinance 83.127 , enacted 5 June 1983 , launched the process of nationalization of all land not clearly the property of a documented owner , thus abolishing the traditional system of land tenure . Potential nationalization was based on the concept of `` dead land '' , property that has not been developed or on which obvious development can not be seen . A practical effect was government seizure of traditional communal grazing lands .
In April 1986 , the Manifesto of the Oppressed Black Mauritanian ( Manifeste du négro-mauritanien opprimé ) , which documented discrimination against Mauritania 's black populations in every sector of public life , was published by the African Liberation Forces of Mauritania ( ex-FLAM ; Force pours la Liberation Africaine de Mauritanie ) . In response , in September 1986 , 30 to 40 black intellectuals suspected of involvement in the publication of the Manifesto were arrested and subjected to brutal interrogations . They were not allowed visitors until November 1987 . In the meantime , the authorities cracked down on black communities , often using mass arrests as a form of intimidation .
In October 1987 , the military government allegedly uncovered a tentative coup d'État by a group of black army officers , backed , according to the authorities , by Senegal . Fifty one officers were arrested and subjected to interrogation and torture . They were accused of `` endangering the security of the State by participating in a conspiracy to overthrow the government and to provoke killing and devastation among the inhabitants of the country '' and tried following a special summary procedure . Three of the officers arrested in October were sentenced to death ; eighteen were sentenced to life imprisonment ( including two who died in detention in 1988 ) ; nine were sentenced to twenty years ; five were sentenced to ten years ; three were given five years ; six were given five-year suspended sentences with heavy fines ; and seven were acquitted . None of those convicted were permitted to appeal .
The discord between conflicting visions of Mauritanian society as either black or Arab , again rose to the surface during the intercommunal violence that broke out in April 1989 ( the `` 1989 Events '' ) , when a Mauritania-Senegal border dispute escalated into violence between the two communities .
In villages of the South , blacks were indiscriminately expelled by security forces , who forced them to cross the Senegalese River to Senegal , taking their identity card and their belongings . Those who resisted were imprisoned and sometimes executed .
In the larger towns and cities , the authorities targeted black civil servants , employees of private institutions , trade unionists , former political prisoners .
In October 1987 , the government allegedly uncovered a tentative coup d'état by a group of black army officers , backed , according to the authorities , by Senegal . Fifty-one officers were arrested and subjected to interrogation and torture .
Heightened ethnic tensions were the catalyst for the Mauritania–Senegal Border War , which started as a result of a conflict in Diawara between Moorish Mauritanian herders and Senegalese farmers over grazing rights . On 9 April 1989 , Mauritanian guards killed two Senegalese .
Following the incident , several riots erupted in Bakel , Dakar and other towns in Senegal , directed against the mainly Arabized Mauritanians who dominated the local retail business . The rioting , adding to already existing tensions , led to a campaign of terror against black Mauritanians , who are often seen as 'Senegalese ' by Bidha'an , regardless of their nationality . As low scale conflict with Senegal continued into 1990/91 , the Mauritanian government engaged in or encouraged acts of violence and seizures of property directed against the Halpularen ethnic group . The tension culminated in an international airlift agreed to by Senegal and Mauritania under international pressure to prevent further violence . The Mauritanian Government expelled tens of thousands of black Mauritanians . Most of these so-called 'Senegalese ' had no ties to Senegal , and many have been repatriated from Senegal and Mali after 2007 . The exact number of expulsions is not known but the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees ( UNHCR ) estimates that , as of June 1991 , 52,995 Mauritanian refugees were living in Senegal and at least 13,000 in Mali .
From November 1990 to February 1991 , between 200 and 500 ( depending on the sources ) Fula and Soninke soldiers and/or political prisoners were executed by Mauritanian governmental forces . They were among 3,000 to 5,000 blackspredominantly soldiers and civil servantsarrested between October 1990 and mid-January 1991 . Some Mauritanian exiles believe that the number was as high as 4,000 on the basis of alleged involvement in an attempt to overthrow the government .
The government initiated a military investigation and a law of amnesty was voted . In order to guarantee immunity for those responsible and to block any attempts at accountability for past abuses , the Parliament declared an amnesty in June 1993 covering all crimes committed by the armed forces , security forces as well as civilians , between April 1989 and April 1992 . The government offered compensation to families of victims , which a few accepted in lieu of settlement . Despite this amnesty , some Mauritanians have denounced the involvement of the government in the arrests and killings .
In the late 1980s , Ould Taya had established close co-operation with Iraq , and pursued a strongly Arab nationalist line . Mauritania grew increasingly isolated internationally , and tensions with Western countries grew dramatically after it took a pro-Iraqi position during the 1991 Gulf War . During the mid-to late 1990s , Mauritania shifted its foreign policy to one of increased co-operation with the US and Europe . It was rewarded with diplomatic normalization and aid projects . On 28 October 1999 , Mauritania joined Egypt , Palestine , and Jordan as the only members of the Arab League to officially recognize Israel . Ould Taya also started co-operating with the United States in anti-terrorism activities , a policy that was criticized by some human rights organizations . ( See also Foreign relations of Mauritania . )
1991–2000
Political parties , illegal during the military period , were legalized again in 1991 . By April 1992 , as civilian rule returned , 16 major political parties had been recognized ; 12 major political parties were active in 2004 . The Parti Républicain Démocratique et Social ( PRDS ) , formerly led by President Maaouya Ould Sid'Ahmed Taya , dominated Mauritanian politics after the country 's first multi-party elections in April 1992 , following the approval by referendum of the current constitution in July 1991 . President Taya won elections in 1992 and 1997 . Most opposition parties boycotted the first legislative election in 1992 . For nearly a decade the parliament was dominated by the PRDS . The opposition participated in municipal elections in January–February 1994 , and in subsequent Senate elections – most recently in April 2004 – and gained representation at the local level , as well as three seats in the Senate .
This period was marked by ethnic violence and human rights abuses . Between 1990 and 1991 , a campaign of violence took place against a background of Arabization , interference with blacks ' association rights , expropriation and expatriation .
In 1998 , Mauritania became the third Arab country to recognize Israel , despite strong internal opposition . On 28 October 1999 , Mauritanian Foreign Minister Ahmed Sid'Ahmed and his Israeli counterpart David Levy signed an agreement in Washington DC , USA , establishing full diplomatic relations between the two countries . The signing ceremony was held at the U.S. State Department in the presence of US Secretary of State Madeleine Albright .
Mauritania thereby joined Egypt , Palestine , and Jordan as the only members of the Arab League to officially recognize Israel . Ould Taya also started co-operating with the United States in anti-terrorism activities , a policy which was criticized by some human rights organizations , which claimed that Mauritania 's problem with terrorism was being misrepresented for geopolitical purposes .
2001–2004
In 2001 , elections incorporated more safeguards against voter fraud but opposition candidate ( and former leader ) Mohamed Khouna Ould Haidallah was nevertheless arrested prior to election day on charges of planning a coup , released the same day , and rearrested after the election . Attempted military coups and unrest instigated by Islamist opponents of the regime marred the early years of the 21st century , and the Taya regime 's heavy-handed crackdowns were criticized by human rights groups .
On June 8 , 2003 a failed coup attempt was made against President Maaouya Ould Sid'Ahmed Taya by forces unhappy with his imprisonment of Islamic leaders in the wake of the US-led invasion of Iraq and his establishment of full diplomatic relations with Israel . The coup was suppressed after two days of fighting in the capital when pro-Taya military forces arrived from the countryside . A number of government officials were detained after the coup including the head of the Supreme Court , Mahfoud Ould Lemrabott , and the Secretary of State for Women 's Affairs , Mintata Mint Hedeid . The coup leader , Saleh Ould Hanenna , a former army major sacked for opposing Taya 's pro-Israel policies , was not captured or killed during the coup , he escaped .
Mauritania 's presidential election , its third since adopting the democratic process in 1992 , took place on 7 November 2003 . Six candidates , including Mauritania 's first female and first Haratine ( descended from the original inhabitants of the Tassili n'Ajjer and Acacus Mountains during the Epipalaeolithic era ) candidates , represented a wide variety of political goals and backgrounds . Incumbent President Maaouya Ould Sid'Ahmed Taya won reelection with 67 % of the popular vote , according to the official figures , with Mohamed Khouna Ould Haidalla finishing second .
2005–2007
On August 3 , 2005 the Mauritanian military , including members of the presidential guard , seized control of key points in the capital of Nouakchott , performing a coup against the government of President Maaouya Ould Sid'Ahmed Taya who was out of the country , attending the funeral of Saudi King Fahd . The officers released the following statement :
`` The national armed forces and security forces have unanimously decided to put a definitive end to the oppressive activities of the defunct authority , which our people have suffered from during the past years . ''
Ould Taya was never able to return to his country , and remains in exile in Qatar . The new junta called itself the Military Council for Justice and Democracy ( CMJD ) , and rule of law . Col. Ely Ould Mohamed Vall emerged as leader at an early stage . Dissidents were released , and the political climate relaxed . A new constitution was approved in June 2006 . Elections were held in March 2007 , Sidi Ould Cheikh Abdallahi was elected president and Vall stood down .
Islamist militants shot and killed four French tourists on December 24 , 2007 .
2008
On January 31 , 2008 six militants shot at the Israeli embassy in Nouakchott , Mauritania , wounding locals . Embassy guards fired back and the gunmen fled , shouting `` God is great . '' Boaz Bismuth , the ambassador of Israel to Mauritania , said the militants did not harm Israeli or Mauritanian government officials .
On August 6 , 2008 , Mauritania 's presidential spokesman Abdoulaye Mamadouba said President Sidi Ould Cheikh Abdallahi , Prime Minister Yahya Ould Ahmed Waghf and the interior minister , were arrested by renegade Senior Mauritanian army officers , unknown troops and a group of generals , and were held under house arrest at the presidential palace in Nouakchott . In the apparently successful and bloodless coup d'etat , Abdallahi daughter , Amal Mint Cheikh Abdallahi said : `` The security agents of the BASEP ( Presidential Security Battalion ) came to our home and took away my father . '' The coup plotters are top fired Mauritania 's security forces , which include General Muhammad Ould 'Abd Al-'Aziz , General Muhammad Ould Al-Ghazwani , General Philippe Swikri , and Brigadier General ( Aqid ) Ahmad Ould Bakri . Mauritanian lawmaker , Mohammed Al Mukhtar , announced that `` many of the country 's people were supporting the takeover attempt and the government is `` an authoritarian regime '' and that the president had `` marginalized the majority in parliament . ''
2009
A presidential election was held on 18 July 2009 . Mohamed Ould Abdel Aziz , the leader of the 2008 coup d'état , was declared winner with a narrow majority .
2017
On August 5 , 2017 , a constitutional referendum was voted upon by the citizens of Mauritania . The referendum , which was proposed by Mauritanian President Mohamed Ould Abdel Aziz and his Union for the Republic Party , contained many sweeping proposals including changing the national flag , modifying the national anthem , and abolishing the Mauritanian Senate . In March , the notions were put before the Parliament of Mauritania , but were halted when the senate voted against them .
Originally , the referendum was scheduled to take place on July 15 , but was rescheduled to August 5 due to changes in the proposed constitutional amendments and protests . The referendum was passed by an overwhelming majority , but this could be attributed to several opposition parties calling for a boycott of the vote . On August 6 , the day following the vote , the various constitutional amendments were officially adopted and enacted .
2019
In August 2019 , Mohamed Ould Ghazouani was sworn in as Mauritania 's tenth president since its independence from France in 1960 . His predecessor Mohamed Ould Abdel Aziz ran the African desert country for 10 years .
References
1990s in Mauritania
2000s in Mauritania
2010s in Mauritania
History of Mauritania by period
Mauritania
Keying is a family of modulation forms where the modulating signal takes one of a specific ( predetermined ) number of values at all times . The goal of keying is to transmit a digital signal over an analog channel . The name derives from the Morse code key used for telegraph signaling .
Modulation is the general technique of shaping a signal to convey information . When a digital message has to be represented as an analog waveform , the technique and term keying ( or digital modulation ) is used . Keying is characterized by the fact that the modulating signal will have a limited number of states ( or values ) at all times , to represent the corresponding digital states ( commonly zero and one , although this might depend on the number of symbols used ) . This is in contrast to analogue modulation , where an analogue signal is transmitted over an analogue channel , and where the modulated analogue signal will have an infinite number of meaningful states .
Furthermore , note that keying or digital modulation applies to transmitting a digital signal over an analogue passband channel . When a digital signal is to be transmitted over an analogue baseband channel , the modulation technique is termed line coding .
Several keying techniques exist , including phase-shift keying , frequency-shift keying , and amplitude-shift keying . Bluetooth , for example , uses phase-shift keying to exchange information between devices .
An overview of keying techniques is given on the modulation page .
Radio modulation modes
Telecommunication theory
Francis MacDonald is a British musician and composer , best known as the drummer of Teenage Fanclub .
Francis or Frances MacDonald or McDonald may also refer to :
Francis McDonald ( 1891–1968 ) , American film actor
Francis McDonald ( politician ) ( 1860–1938 ) , Australian member of parliament
F. James McDonald ( 1922–2010 ) , engineer
Frances MacDonald ( 1873–1921 ) , Scottish artist
Frances Macdonald ( English artist ) ( 1914–2002 ) , English artist
Francis McDonald ( footballer ) ( born 1975 ) , Saint Lucian footballer and football manager
See also
Frank McDonald ( disambiguation )
The Indian Heritage Centre ( ) is a cultural centre and museum in Singapore that showcases the culture , heritage and history of Indian Singaporeans . Located at the Campbell Lane thoroughfare in the Little India precinct , the centre was launched on 7 May 2015 .
The facade 's architectural style is influenced by the baoli ( or Indian stepwell ) , to seek an appreciation of the Indian culture .
References
Ethnic museums in Singapore
Folk museums in Singapore
Adeorbis elegans is a species of very small sea snail with a translucent shell , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Tornidae .
References
External links
Tornidae
Gastropods described in 1850
Hough End tram stop was a proposed tram stop on the phase 3b plans to Manchester Airport . It was originally due to open in 2016 but was dropped from the plans .
References
https : //web.archive.org/web/20110716213530/http : //www.tfgm.com/pdfmaps/metrolink_phase3.pdf
Proposed Manchester Metrolink tram stops
The was the seventh season of the nationwide fourth tier of Japanese football , and the 22nd season since the establishment of Japan Football League .
Postponement of the beginning of the season
On February 27 , the opening game and match day 2 were postponed in response to the COVID-19 pandemic .
On March 16 , it was announced match day 3 would be postponed . On March 25 , it was announced Match day 4 , Match day 5 would be postponed .
On April 7 , it was announced Match day 6 would also be postponed .
On April 15 it was finally decided that only the second half of the season would be played beginning on the scheduled date , July 18 . No relegations happened and the winners and runners-up of the Japanese Regional Series were automatically promoted , meaning that the 2021 season would be held with 17 clubs .
On June 24 , the JFL announced new dates . The league match for this season started on July 18 . Match days 16 and 17 , and each home game opening game were held as a without spectator match .
Clubs
Sixteen clubs featured in this season of Japan Football League . There were some changes : FC Imabari got promoted to J3 , after finishing third in 2019 , while Ryutsu Keizai Dragons was relegated after playing for five seasons at this level . Matsue City FC , who finished second-last place , were fated to go back to Japanese Regional Leagues as well , but avoided the drop thanks to FC Imabari going up to J3 League .
There are two new clubs in the JFL , debuting at this level after finishing in the top two in the 2019 Japanese Regional Series : Iwaki FC dominated the final stage , while Kochi United SC overcame the other two teams – Ococias Kyoto AC and Fukui United FC – to get the final spot for these seasons JFL .
Personnel and kits
League table
Top scorers
.
Promotion and relegation
Despite the JFL announcing that there would be no promotion or relegation of clubs , the J . League agreed to admit Tegevajaro Miyazaki to the J3 League on November 24 , 2020 , after Miyazaki finished in the top four positions . Miyazaki ultimately finished runners-up .
FC Tiamo Hirakata and FC Kariya were promoted from the Regional Leagues as Regional Promotion Series champions and runners-up respectively . Kariya returned to the JFL after being relegated back in 2009 .
Attendances
23 games played with no spectators due to COVID-19 worldwide pandemic
See also
Japan Football Association ( JFA )
J.League
2020 J1 League ( I )
2020 J2 League ( II )
2020 J3 League ( III )
2020 Japanese Regional Leagues ( V/VI )
2020 Fuji Xerox Super Cup ( Super Cup )
2020 Emperor 's Cup ( National Cup )
2020 J.League YBC Levain Cup ( League Cup )
References
External links
Official website
Japan Football League seasons
3
JFL
South Wanatah is an unincorporated community in Cass Township , LaPorte County , Indiana .
History
South Wanatah was once called Roselle . Roselle was platted in 1859 . It lies south of Wanatah , Indiana , hence the present name .
Geography
South Wanatah is located at .
References
Unincorporated communities in LaPorte County , Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
Qurtuba University ( QU ) was established in 2001 . Qurtuba is Arabic variation of name of Córdoba , Spain , in Al-Andalus nowadays Spain.It has two campuses in Dera Ismail Khan and Peshawar Pakistan from Both are separately recognized and are placed in highest 'W3 ' category by the HEC . It has seventh position among universities of Pakistan by the rankings of Higher Education Commission of Pakistan . It is chartered by the Government of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and approved by the Higher Education Commission of Pakistan .
Qurtuba University of Science and Information Technology is one of the pioneer private sector universities of Khyber PakhtunKhwa Pakistan .
History
The university was established through a charter issued by the Governor ( K.P.K ) on 30 August 2001 and is recognized by the Higher Education commission ( former UGC ) , Islamabad . In 2006 , the Girls School & College was separated . In 2008 , a model school in P.I.A society Lahore was established .
Achievements
Qurtuba University of Science & IT has been awarded ‘ W3 ' Category by the Higher Education Commission of Pakistan in the new ranking system and has placed among the top ranked universities of the country . Qurtuba University is the only university of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa having the highest position of ranking by Higher Education Commission of Pakistan . It has been consistently placed in third position in the field of Computer Science & Information Technology in HEC rankings .
Campuses
Qurtuba University of Science and Information Technology has two campuses . Both are in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa . The main campus is in Dera Ismail Khan and the other is in Peshawar .
Programs offered
Qurtuba University offers following graduate , post graduate and doctorate programs .
Bachelor 's programs
Bachelor of Business Administration ( BBA )
Bachelor of Commerce ( B.Com )
Bachelor of Education ( B.Ed )
Bachelor of Computer Science
Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering
Bachelor of Science in Civil Engineering
Bachelor of Technology in Electrical Technology
Bachelor of Technology in Civil Technology
Bachelor of Economics
Master programs
Master of Business Administration MBA
Master of Accounting ( M.Com )
Master of Education ( M.Ed )
Master of Science in Mathematics
Master of Science Computer Sciences
Master of Arts in English
Master of Arts inInternational Relations
Master of Science in Physics
Master of Science in Chemistry
Master of Arts in Political Science
MS programs
MS Computer Science
MS Management Sciences
MS English
M.Phil programs
M.Phil Education
M.Phil Economics
M.Phil International Relations
M.Phil Political Sciences
M.Phil Pakistan Studies
M.Phil Urdu
Ph.D programs
Ph.D Management Sciences
Ph.D International Relations
Ph.D Political Science
Ph.D Education
Ph.D Urdu
Diplomas
Diploma in Human Rights
Diploma in Islamic Banking
Diploma in Marketing
Diploma in Human Resource Management ( HRM )
Diploma in Physical Education
Certificate
Certificate in Accounting
References
External links
Official site
Dera Ismail Khan District
2001 establishments in Pakistan
Educational institutions established in 2001
Private universities and colleges in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa
Peshawar District
Universities and colleges in Peshawar
Peshawar
Shared Interest Society Limited is a fair trade financial co-operative based in the United Kingdom formed in 1990 . Today it provides credit and financial services to fair trade producers , retailers , importers and exporters throughout the world . Shared Interest works with both Fairtrade International ( formerly known as Fairtrade Labelling Organizations ( FLO ) ) and the World Fair Trade Organization ( WFTO ) . In 2004 , the Shared Interest Foundation was formed as a charitable subsidiary , providing training and support services to producers , complementing the financial services offered by the Society . Shared Interest received the Queen 's Award for Enterprise in 2008 .
History
The idea that led to Shared Interest was the creation of Mark Gerard Hayes , then an investment banker with 3i , now an academic economist at Cambridge University , who was the first managing director from 1990 to 1999 . Inspired by the success of Traidcraft in harnessing socially responsible investment for the finance of fair trade , Hayes approached Traidcraft founder Richard Adams in 1986 , beginning a collaboration that culminated in the formation of Shared Interest in 1990 as a special form of co-operative saving and loan society .
The initial £100,000 funding ( subsequently repaid ) for the launch of the Society came from Traidcraft , Joseph Rowntree Charitable Trust , and a similar co-operative established in 1975 in the Netherlands , now called Oikocredit . However the creation of Shared Interest was finally made possible by the action of SIAL ( Scottish Churches Action for World Development Investment Association Limited ) , an Oikocredit Support Association , who provided the first 200 members and £300,000 of capital in the form of shares in Oikocredit . Oikocredit was Shared Interest 's main channel for lending in its first five years .
Once Shared Interest had reached a capital of £4 million ( 1994 ) , a planned transition took place to establish its own lending business by the creation of a clearing house with what is now the World Fair Trade Organization , to finance directly fair trade between the Global North and Global South and increasingly within Southern markets themselves . Shared Interest continued to support Oikocredit by the issue of loan stock until 2005 , after which Oikocredit established its own UK office .
Structure
Shared Interest Society Limited
The Society is registered under the Co-operative & Community Benefit Societies Act 2014 . Its membership is almost entirely composed of UK individuals ( some 11,500 in 2018 ) , who invest withdrawable share capital ( £43 million in 2019 ) , which is used to provide credit facilities to organisations engaged in fair trade . The society had 34 staff ( 2012 ) , mostly in the UK , with established regional offices around the world .
The Society is unusual in having a council of ordinary members as well as a Board of Directors . Both bodies are elected ; the Council acts as a select committee which scrutinises the work of the Board . Furthermore , a majority of the members of Council are nominated for election by a process of random selection , similar to jury service , in the interests of wider participation .
How it works : by opening an account , a person becomes a member of the Society and buys non-transferable withdrawable shares to the value of their investment . £1 buys one share and people can invest between £100 and £100,000 . Shared Interest is the only accredited open share offer to have received the Community Shares Standard five years ago . It is very different from a charitable donation as , once your account is open , a person can withdraw money from their account as well as add to it . All members have an equal voice regardless of the amount in their account .
Shared Interest Foundation
In 2004 , Shared Interest Society Ltd. established a subsidiary charity , to provide business and financial management training for fair trade organisations , as well as grants to support individual organisations and the fair trade movement as a whole . To date , the Foundation 's work has been funded largely by donations from the Society 's members .
The nature of the financial requirement
International trade and production involves long processes which take much time . For example , many months elapse between the sowing of a crop in the tropics and the final purchase by a consumer of a finished product in a European supermarket . The money laid out at each stage of production and distribution is called working capital . For smaller producer organisations to access international markets on terms consistent with their independence , if at all , requires access to working capital , by both producers and fair trade distributors , beyond what is available from banks . Normally this extra working capital would come from profit-maximising shareholders in some form or from accumulated past profits . Shared Interest provides unsecured finance , similar to trade credit . Shared Interest can do this only because its own members are prepared to accept the risk of loss on their investment in Shared Interest , and to accept the limited and currently lower financial returns resulting from the high costs of dealing with emerging organisations in the Global South .
In 2018 , Shared Interest lent money to 363 organisations representing 470,421 individuals . They worked in areas where other lenders are less keen to operate in order to deepen impact and support those farmers in the greatest need . Very few social lenders operate with smaller lending facilities or more vulnerable groups . Shared Interest works primarily with organisations who are certified as fair trade as they believe these producers align with their own values . The fair trade movement aims to promote fair and equal trading terms for producers in developing countries . It is based around ten key principles :
• Creating Opportunities for Economically Disadvantaged Producers
• Transparency and Accountability
• Fair Trading Practices
• Payment of a Fair Price
• Ensuring no Child Labour and Forced Labour
• Commitment to Non Discrimination , Gender Equity and Women 's Economic Empowerment , and Freedom of Association
• Ensuring Good Working Conditions
• Providing Capacity Building
• Promoting Fair Trade
• Respect for the Environment
The finance mechanism
The diagram illustrates the lending process :
The order is placed by a buyer ( e.g . a coffee importer ) with the producer ( e.g . a coffee farming co-operative )
Shared Interest makes an advance payment on behalf of buyers to the producers
The producer is able to borrow an additional amount against that order to cover their expenses
The goods are delivered
The final payment is made to the producer ; the buyer re-pays the credit provided by Shared Interest
References
External links
Shared Interest Society Ltd
Fairtrade International
The World Fair Trade Organization
Coops UK
Shared Interest Society : fair lending for fair trade
Fair trade organizations
Co-operatives in the United Kingdom
Economy of the United Kingdom
Ethical banking
Organizations established in 1990
1990 establishments in England
This is a list of wineries in the Clare Valley , a major wine-producing region located within the Clare Valley in South Australia . There are an estimated 50 wineries in the region .
See also
South Australian wine
List of wineries in South Australia
List of wineries in the Barossa Valley
List of wineries in the Eden Valley
References
External links
Wine Diva
Clare Museum : History of Clare Valley Wineries
Clare Valley
Wineries in the Clare Valley
Clare Valley
Estonian Artists Association ( abbreviated EAA ; ) is organization which connects artists in Estonia . EAA primary functions are `` participating in cultural policymaking and sectoral development activities , protecting the interests of artists , curators , art historians and theorists as well as other art workers , and promoting their working conditions '' .
President of EAA is .
Every year EAA organizes Annual Exhibition of Estonian Artists ' Association .
EAA precursors were Central Association of Estonian Artists ( established 1922 ) , Estonian Soviet Artists Association ( 1943 ) and the Artists Association of the Estonian SSR ( 1957 ) .
EAA has several suborganizations , eg Estonian Painters ' Association ( 'Eesti Maalikunstnike Liit ' ) .
References
External links
Organizations based in Estonia
Arts in Estonia
Estonian artist groups and collectives
The Carleton University Students ' Association ( or CUSA ) is a non-profit corporation that represents the undergraduate students at Carleton University in Ottawa , Ontario , Canada .
Governance
Executive
Executive members of CUSA are elected yearly . The executive is responsible for improving CUSA services , working on the issues important to you , and carrying out the daily work of the Association . The 2022/23 executive members are :
President – Anastasia Stoikos-Lettieri ( she/her )
VP Internal – Davin Caratao ( he/him )
VP Finance – Gabe Paraskevopulos ( he/him )
VP Student Issues – Mohamed “ Faris ” Riazudden ( he/him )
VP Community Engagement – Hallee Kejick ( she/her )
VP Student Life – Anshika Srivastava ( she/her )
Council
Council is the highest power within CUSA , as it represents the voice of the student body in the decision-making process of the Association . CUSA Council members are voted in and are accountable to undergraduate students of Carleton University . Seats are distributed based on number of students in the 5 major faculties and several programs at the university . The current council and their constituencies are listed below .
2020/2021 Council Members
Term : May 1 , 2020 - April 30 , 2021
Faculty of Public Affairs ( 7 )
Saleh Abdelghany
Femi Joelle Dadjo
Halima Diallo
Liam Lowe
Nicolas Gil Ocampo
Emily Sowa
Jordan Vecchio
Faculty of Arts and Social Sciences ( 6 )
Pierce Burch
Marina Guadagnin
Sara Harvey
Kieran Lacroix
Emma Rowsell
Qaila Walji
Faculty of Science ( 3 )
Sara `` Rhinoplasty '' Abbass
Mackenzie Huckvale
Masouma Nakishbandi
Faculty of Engineering and Design ( 6 )
Firas Aboujamee
Hamza Al-Khateeb
Olivia Arscott
Arianna Conidi
Cameron Davis
Mohamed Deifallah
Sprott School of Business ( 2 )
Musab Chaudhry
Noor Masad
2017/2018 Council Members
Term : May 1 , 2017 – April 30 , 2018
Faculty of Public Affairs ( 7 )
Cameron Wales
Julia Parsons
Ryan Clancy
Brittanie Jonidi
Jenny Giang
Connor Thibodeau
Jon MacDougall
Faculty of Arts and Social Sciences ( 7 )
Lily Akagbosu
Claudia Calagoure-Perna
Scott Taylor
Julia Van Drie
Carley Murphy
Faculty of Science ( 4 )
Nima Dadar
John Haddad
Yvonne Osagie
Hassan Zafar
Faculty of Engineering and Design ( 4 )
Julia Dalphy
Yannick Brisbois
Ryan Herbrand
Sarah Gorlough
Sprott School of Business ( 2 )
Daniel Giacca
Tom Whyte
Special Student ( 1 )
Brendan Mcloughlin
Elections
CUSA holds general elections every year . The association currently uses online voting and the instant-runoff voting system . Voter turnout in 2017 was over 37 % .
Services
Businesses
Several businesses are provided by CUSA :
Ollie 's
Roosters Coffee House
Haven
Service centres
The student union fees cover several services to students through service centres :
Carleton Disability Awareness Centre ( CDAC )
Unified Support Centre ( USC )
Gender and Sexuality Resource Centre ( GSRC )
Hatch
Mawandoseg Centre
Racialized and International Student Experience ( RISE )
Wellness Centre
Womxn 's Centre
Clubs and societies
CUSA oversee 's over 200 recognized clubs and societies . CUSA also offers a number of different services to clubs and societies .
All clubs and societies , and services available to them , can be found at cusaclubs.ca
Controversies
Abortion rights
On December 5 , 2006 , CUSA voted 26-25-1-1 ( 26 in favour , 25 against , 1 abstaining , 1 absent ) of supporting abortion rights , and discontinuing anti-abortion activism . This drew critical reactions from anti-abortion groups and from campus groups , such as the Carleton University Debating Society , that said CUSA was stifling open debate . Those in favour of the motion defended it as ensuring `` women 's rights '' on campus . This vote was reversed in December 2012 .
Shinerama cystic fibrosis fundraising controversy
In November 2008 , the CUSA voted to drop its annual Shinerama cystic fibrosis fundraiser , in favour of a fundraiser for an as-yet-undetermined charity , because the illness is not `` inclusive '' enough . Shinerama is a fundraiser held at universities across Canada every fall in support of the Canadian Cystic Fibrosis Foundation ( CCFF ) , first held in 1961 ; Carleton has participated for the past 25 years and has contributed nearly $ 1 million to the cause .
Donnie Northrup , CUSA councillor representing the Faculty of Science , introduced the motion which stated that cystic fibrosis `` has been recently revealed to only affect white people , and primarily men '' and that therefore , it was inappropriate for the CUSA to donate money to researching a cure . Supporters of the motion argued that `` all orientees and volunteers should feel like their fundraising efforts will serve diverse communities . ''
Reactions and Criticism
The CUSA was criticized for this decision since the motion did not reveal the source of the claim that cystic fibrosis affects only Caucasians . In fact , the CCFF 's website states that : `` The disease is most common in caucasians , but it can affect all races . '' Nick Bergamini , a CUSA council member who represents Journalism students , stated that `` They 're playing racial politics with something that is supposed to bring people together – a charity . '' Bergamini commented that `` they see this , in their own twisted way , as a win for diversity . I see it as a loss for people with cystic fibrosis . ''
Cathleen Morrison , who is the CEO of the CCFF , stated in an interview with CTV News that although cystic fibrosis `` does affect Caucasian populations primarily , '' the term Caucasian includes people from South Asia , North Africa , the Persian Gulf and Israel . Morrison explained that `` These are Caucasian populations . These people do not have white skin . They have CF , it now seems , in the same ratios as other Caucasian people who do have white skin . '' Morrison also stated that cystic fibrosis affects just as many young girls as boys .
Jonathan Kay , a columnist for the National Post , blasted CUSA for this decision . Kay stated that `` Even by the loopy standards of students governments , this has got to be a new low . '' Kay argued that cystic fibrosis , although it has a much higher rate of occurrence in caucasian males , affects all races and both genders . Kay also pointed out that many charity events raise money for breast cancer , even though it is primarily a female disease , and for Tay–Sachs disease , whose sufferers are almost exclusively Jewish . Editorial and opinion articles from the Ottawa Citizen have also condemned CUSA 's actions with the editorial declaring that `` when [ a student association ] does something as ignorant and thoughtless as Carleton University 's did this week , the country pays attention . ''
Subsequent response by CUSA
CUSA president Brittany Smyth later stated that the council has been considering rotating the beneficiary of Shinerama instead of always giving the money to one charity , arguing that `` It 's about people wanting to do something different . '' Smyth said the colour of someone 's skin was n't at issue ; rather , the decision was made to spread the university 's fundraising efforts to other charities . In an interview with CTV news , Smyth stated that `` There was some discussion about that issue but very small . Most of it was around just switching it up and doing something different for a change . ''
CUSA released a statement on November 26 indicating that the association 's council would revisit their decision . Smyth stated , `` It has become clear that there is not an appetite at Carleton to change from [ Shinerama ] ... The responsible thing to do is to reverse the decision , '' adding that `` the motion was never meant to imply that raising funds for Cystic Fibrosis research was not a worthwhile cause . '' Smyth announced an emergency meeting of CUSA 's council to vote on a new motion to reinstate the charity . A unanimous vote at that meeting revoked the earlier decision , approved the restoration of next year 's Shinerama campaign and also approved the publication of an apology over the matter . Donnie Northrup , the council representative responsible for moving the original motion to cancel Shinerama , resigned his position at CUSA as did another councillor , Sean Maguire . However , over the summer of 2009 Northrup was acclaimed back into CUSA . The meeting also received petitions demanding the resignation of Smyth and certain other councillors , although no actions on these were immediately taken .
Disqualification of a President-Elect
On February 13 , 2009 , Bruce Kyereh-Addo of the Demand Better slate was found to be in violation of the Consolidated Electoral Code on multiple counts and subsequently disqualified . To date , Kyereh-Addo 's disqualification was upheld by the electoral board .
2009 CFS referendum petition
During the 2009–2010 school year , a group of students launched a petition to hold a referendum on possible disaffiliation of CUSA from the CFS . Stated reasoning for this referendum was to counter issues such as the claimed ineffectiveness of the CFS and interference in other university 's unions . In a press release the petitioners stated that the CFS `` made almost no gains as a lobby group in its 30 years of operation . '' This was strongly denied by the CFS .
After several weeks a counter petition was created to try to bar the issue from going to a university-wide vote , which was controversially spearheaded by several CUSA officials . Soon afterward CUSA officially endorsed the counter-petition by a vote of 17 in favour , 7 against and 9 abstaining . The motion also mandates that CUSA members must advocate in favour of the CFS . This has attracted more criticism toward CUSA by students who feel it should stay neutral and instead try to help students make an informed decision . The pro-referendum petition ended up garnering over 2300 signatures before its submission to the CFS offices in Toronto . Despite being hand-delivered by a Bailiff , the CFS have stated they did not receive the petition . A referendum at Carleton had previously been held in 1995 , on the possibility of joining the newly formed Canadian Alliance of Student Associations ( CASA ) , that lost narrowly .
Disqualification of VP Student Services
In 2016 , Ashley Courchene , a third year political science major , ran for Vice President Student Services under the slate Change . After winning the election by only 21 votes , the Chief Electoral Officer ( CEO ) Matt Swain disqualified the Change slate due to an alleged infraction by the assistant campaign manager Ahmad Gitteh and presidential candidate Abdullah Jabber , which led to Ashley Courchene 's disqualification . Mr. Courchene successfully appealed the disqualification to the Electoral Board . Your Carleton then successfully appealed to the Constitutional Board ( which overrides the electoral board ) . Mr. Courchene then went to the Ontario Superior Court , which reinstated him to the position of VPSS . Neither CUSA nor Your Carleton appealed the court 's decision .
See also
List of Ontario students ' associations
References
External links
CUSA Clubs & Societies
Carleton University
Carleton students union bans `` anti-choice '' activities ''
Justice for Ash
Ontario students ' associations
Students ' Association
Deborah L. McFadden was appointed by President George H. W. Bush as U.S. Commissioner of Disabilities ( 1989–1993 ) , and was instrumental in the writing and passage of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 . Having been paralyzed for a number of years as a young adult from Guillain–Barré syndrome , she was the highest-ranking female with a disability in the Bush Administration .
Disability
Deborah was a healthy , top-of-her-class , straight-A student , and competitive fencer for the beginning of her life . However , at the age of 23 , she began to feel exhausted and sought help from doctors , who diagnosed her with Guillain–Barré syndrome . The syndrome moved through her whole body ; her immune system attacked her nerves , destroying any sense of feeling . Paralyzed from the neck down , she had to use an electric wheelchair for mobility .
Accomplishments
As U.S. Commissioner of Disabilities , McFadden has consulted and worked with various heads of state and foreign governments , including King Fahd of Saudi Arabia , President Mircea Snegur of Moldova , and Pope John Paul II regarding the issues related to independence , productivity , and inclusion of people with disabilities .
In 1995 , she founded the International Children 's Alliance , a not-for-profit international adoption agency assisting in the placement and care of children from Russia , Ukraine , Bulgaria , Albania , China , Vietnam , India and other countries .
In 2006 , she successfully sued the State of Maryland on behalf of her then teenage daughter Tatyana McFadden for inclusion of people with disabilities in sports in the Maryland school system , known as the Fitness and Athletics Equity for Students with Disabilities Act . She then drafted legislation , equivalent to Title IX , that is now a federal mandate and has improved the expectation of rights for American school children .
Boards and foundations
McFadden has served on numerous boards and foundations including the Girl Scouts Woman 's Advisory Board in Washington . D.C. ; USA Track and Field , Chair of Para Sports ; Mitsubishi Electric America Foundation ; World Committee on Disabilities ; Joint Council on International Children 's Services . She is a founding member of Athletics for All , a nationwide organization that focuses on adapted sports and inclusion for students with disabilities .
Family
She is the mother of three children all adopted from Russia and Albania , Tatyana ( Russia ) , Hannah ( Albania ) , both paralympic elite athletes , and Ruthi ( Albania ) .
References
External links
https : //www.bbc.com/news/disability-43865306
https : //digital.la84.org/digital/collection/p17103coll19/id/39/
American women in politics
George H. W. Bush administration personnel
Disability rights activists from the United States
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
People with Guillain–Barré syndrome
Georgios Nikas ( ; born 17 September 1999 ) is a Greek professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Super League club Levadiakos .
Honours
Levadiakos
Super League 2 : 2021–22
References
1999 births
Living people
Greek footballers
Super League Greece players
Super League Greece 2 players
Levadiakos F.C . players
Association football midfielders
Footballers from Athens
Ramy Mohamed Youssef ( ; born 13 March 1980 ) is an Egyptian handball player . He competed in the men 's tournament at the 2004 Summer Olympics .
References
1980 births
Living people
Egyptian male handball players
Olympic handball players of Egypt
Handball players at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Jah Hut may refer to :
Jah Hut language
Jah Hut people
Boone County is a county located in the U.S. state of Illinois . As of the 2020 census , the population was 53,448 . Its county seat is Belvidere .
Boone County is included in the Rockford , IL Metropolitan Statistical Area .
History
Unlike most of Illinois , much of Northern Illinois was not submerged in a shallow prehistoric sea . As a result , bedrock found in the area now bounded as Boone County is almost entirely Ordovician , as opposed to nearby counties like McHenry and Carroll which contain large areas of later Silurian bedrock . Till and outwash from the Illinoian glaciation covers area bedrock to a depth of several hundred feet . The county 's proximity to the driftless area protected the region somewhat from the more recent Wisconsin glaciation . As a result , the county 's northern townships resemble a driftless-like area , with higher peak elevations and more surface detail compared to the southern townships dominated by the broad flood plains of the Kishwaukee River and its tributaries .
By the time of the first identified human settlements , the region was made up of thickly wooded forested hills and grassy prairie plains . Archeological study at the Koster Site seems to indicate that humans had established complex societies ten thousand years ago along the river basins of the Illinois and Mississippi . By the time of European exploration , Upper Mississippian culture collapsed ; westward expansion forced many Algonquin-speaking nations into conflict with each other as they moved after encroachment of their lands . Potowatomi and Mascouten tribes were still living in the region when white settlers arrived and statehood was declared in 1818 .
As a political institution , Boone County was formed in 1837 out of Winnebago County . It was named for Kentucky frontiersman Daniel Boone .
The first non-Native American settlers arrived in what is now Boone County in 1835 . They arrived as a result of the end of the Black Hawk War as well as the completion of the Erie Canal . They consisted entirely of settlers from New England . These were `` Yankee '' settlers , that is to say they were descended from the English Puritans who settled New England in the colonial era . They were primarily members of the Congregational Church though due to the Second Great Awakening many of them had converted to Methodism and some had become Baptists before coming to what is now Boone County . When the New England settlers arrived in what is now Boone County there was nothing but a dense virgin forest and wild prairie . In the late 1870s immigrants began arriving from Germany and Ireland .
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of ( 99.5 % ) , of which is land and ( 0.5 % ) is water .
Adjacent counties
Rock County , Wisconsin - north
Walworth County , Wisconsin - northeast
McHenry County - east
DeKalb County - south
Ogle County - southwest
Winnebago County - west
Major highways
Interstate 90
US Route 20
Illinois Route 76
Illinois Route 173
Logan Avenue county route 40
Genoa Road ( T-40 )
Garden Prairie Road county route 41
Poplar Grove Road county route 32
Capron Road ( T-41 )
Climate and weather
In recent years , average temperatures in the county seat of Belvidere have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July , although a record low of was recorded in January 1979 and a record high of was recorded in July 1936 . Average monthly precipitation ranged from in February to in June .
Demographics
As of the 2020 United States Census , there were 53,448 people , 18,799 households , and 13,580 families residing in the county . The population density was . There were 20,157 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 72.5 % white , 2.3 % black or African American , 1.2 % Asian , 0.9 % American Indian , 11.6 % from other races , and 11.4 % from two or more races . Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 24.1 % of the population . The most common reported ancestries were German ( 23.7 % ) , Irish ( 11.7 % ) , Italian ( 7.4 % ) , and Swedish ( 7.4 % ) .
Of the 18,799 households , 31.7 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 55.5 % were married couples living together , 10.6 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 27.8 % were non-families . 23.3 % of all households were made up of individuals , and 13.0 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older . The average household size was 2.82 and the average family size was 3.33 .
The county 's age distribution consisted of 24.7 % under the age of 18 , 9.4 % from 18 to 24 , 23.1 % from 25 to 44 , 27.1 % from 45 to 64 , and 15.6 % who were 65 years of age or older . The median age was 38.7 years . For every 100 females , there were 99.0 males .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 70.396 and the median income for a family was $ 84,450 . Males had a median income of $ 50,213 versus $ 30,219 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 32,659 . About 5.0 % of families and 8.2 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 10.5 % of those under age 18 and 6.8 % of those age 65 or over .
Education
Belvidere Community Unit School District 100
Harvard Community Unit School District 50
Hiawatha Community Unit School District 426
North Boone Community Unit School District 200
Rockford School District 205
Communities
Cities
Belvidere
Villages
Caledonia
Capron
Cherry Valley ( mostly in Winnebago County )
Poplar Grove
Timberlane
Census-designated places
Argyle
Beaverton Crossroads
Blaine
Candlewick Lake
Edgewood
Garden Prairie
Herbert
Hunter
Irene
Prairie View
Russellville
Townships
Boone County is divided into these nine townships :
Belvidere
Bonus
Boone
Caledonia
Flora
Leroy
Manchester
Poplar Grove
Spring
Government
Boone County is located in the Boone-Winnebago County Regional Office of Education # 4 .
Boone County , with neighboring Winnebago County , is located in Illinois 's 17th Judicial Circuit . The entirety of Boone County , along with portions of southeastern Winnebago County , is in the third subcircuit .
Politics
As a historic Yankee settlement , Boone County in its early years was a major base for the Free Soil Party , being one of nine Illinois counties to vote for Martin van Buren in 1848 . Its Free Soil affinities meant Boone became one of the first strongholds of the Republican Party and remained overwhelmingly Republican for the following century , although it did vote for Progressive Theodore Roosevelt in 1912 when the Republican Party was severely split . Between at least 1892 and 1928 no Democratic Presidential candidate ever managed twenty percent of the county 's vote , and in the century up to 1960 no Democrat reached thirty percent – a degree of GOP loyalty comparable to such famous bastions as Owsley County in Kentucky , Grant County in West Virginia , or Avery County in North Carolina . Even Barry Goldwater , who alienated the Yankee Northeast so much as to lose all but one county there , still won Boone County by 15.6 percentage points , and between 1968 and 1988 no Democrat did better than Jimmy Carter 's 40.2 percent .
The shift of the Republican Party towards an expanded Southern and Western base , and particularly its growing strength with social conservatives , alienated the Yankee North during the 1990s and 2000s , but Boone County remained in Republican hands . The candidacy of Ross Perot in 1992 and 1996 caused George H. W. Bush and Bob Dole both to win Boone County with mere pluralities against Bill Clinton , and in 2008 , Illinois resident Barack Obama became the only Democrat to carry the county since James K. Polk in 1844 . The 2010s have seen a reversal of this Democratic trend due to concern over employment declines in the “ Rust Belt . ''
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Boone County , Illinois
List of Boone County , Illinois topics
References
Further reading
History of Boone County , Illinois . Salem , MA : Higginson Book Co. , 1998 .
The Past and Present of Boone County , Illinois : Containing a History of the County — Its Cities , Towns , Etc . ; A Biographical Directory of Its Citizens ; War Record of Its Volunteers in the Late Rebellion ; Portraits of Early Settlers and Prominent Men ; General and Local Statistics ; History of the Northwest ; History of Illinois ; Constitution of the United States ; Map of Boone County ; Miscellaneous Matters ; Etc. , Etc . Chicago : H.F. Kett and Co. , 1877 .
External links
United States Census Bureau 2007 TIGER/Line Shapefiles
United States Board on Geographic Names ( GNIS )
United States National Atlas
1837 establishments in Illinois
Illinois counties
Populated places established in 1837
Last Chance Records is a Little Rock , Arkansas-based independent record label specializing in Americana , and indie rock . The label was founded by and is owned by Travis Hill .
Roster
Adam Faucett
Andrew Bryant
Austin Lucas
Bap Kennedy
Brent Best
Drag the River
JKutchma
John Paul Keith
Kevin Kerby
Micah Schnabel
Motel Mirrors
Roger Hoover
The Small Ponds
Two Cow Garages
American Aquarium
Glossary
John Moreland
References
External links
2007 establishments in Arkansas
Alternative rock record labels
American independent record labels
Companies based in Little Rock , Arkansas
Indie rock record labels
Music companies of the United States
Record labels established in 2007
Raul Årmann was an épée fencer . He was a member of the Swedish team , which won the bronze medal in the 1933 World Fencing Championships .
History
Årmann originated from Sweden , and was an épée fencer . In 1933 , he was a member of the Swedish team at the 1933 World Fencing Championships in Budapest . The team won a bronze medal in the team épée .
References
Swedish male épée fencers
The Don S. S. Goodloe House , a 1915–16 Colonial Revival style building veneered with brick , is significant for its association with Don Speed Smith Goodloe , the first principal of the Maryland Normal and Industrial School . The school , now Bowie State University , was Maryland 's first postsecondary school for African Americans . As principal of the school from its opening in 1911 until 1921 , Goodloe directed and managed this public institution through its formative years , a period characterized by the state 's unwillingness to provide adequate funding for the housing and training of the students , while two white normal schools under the state were well funded .
Forced to provide his own housing , Goodloe had this large and commodious house built to accommodate not only his family , but also students for which he received additional income from the state . The house was designed by John A. Moore , an African American architect from Washington , D.C. Goodloe occupied the house until his death in 1959 . It remained in the possession of Goodloe 's heirs until 1990 . The Goodloe house is the only building from the college 's early period still standing . It is currently named the Goodloe Alumnihouse at Bowie State University .
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988 .
References
External links
, including photo in 1986 , at Maryland Historical Trust website
Colonial Revival architecture in Maryland
Houses in Prince George 's County , Maryland
Buildings and structures in Bowie , Maryland
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Maryland
African-American history of Prince George 's County , Maryland
Houses completed in 1916
Historic American Buildings Survey in Maryland
National Register of Historic Places in Prince George 's County , Maryland
Galatasaray Bridge Team is the bridge section of Galatasaray S.K. , a major sports club in Istanbul , Turkey .
Honours
Turkish Championship
Winner ( 3 ) : 1999 , 2000 , 2009 as a team
Runners-Up ( 1 ) : 2009
Third : 2006
Third : 2007
Third : 2008
Winner : 2009 Nevzat Aydoğdu and Fikret Aydoğdu as a couple
Winner : 2010 Dilek Yavaş and Serap Kuranoğlu as a couple
İstanbul Championship
Winner ( 2 ) : 2007 as a couple M. Ali İnce and Namık Kökten , 2011 as a team
Woman 's
Winner ( 3 ) :2011 , 2012 , 2013
European Championship
Winner ( 2 ) : 2008 , 2011 as a team
External links
Galatasaray SK Official Web Site
References
Sport in Istanbul
Contract bridge clubs
1997 establishments in Turkey
Galatasaray Bridge
Michal Hein ( מיכל היין ; born February 11 , 1968 ) is an Israeli former Olympic windsurfer . She was born in Rehovot , Israel .
Windsurfing career
Her club was Hapoel Tel Aviv , in Tel Aviv , Israel .
Hein finished 10th at the World Championships in February 2000 . Hein competed for Israel at the 2000 Summer Olympics , at 32 years of age , in Sydney , Australia , in Sailing -- Women 's Women 's Mistral One Design/Windsurfer , and came in 14th . When she competed in the Olympics she was 5-9 ( 176 cm ) tall and weighed
130 lbs ( 59 kg ) .
References
External links
Living people
Israeli windsurfers
Olympic sailors of Israel
Israeli female sailors ( sport )
1968 births
People from Rehovot
Sailors at the 2000 Summer Olympics – Mistral One Design
Female windsurfers
Serghei Gheorghiev ( born 20 October 1991 ) in Chirsova is a Moldovan footballer who plays as a midfielder for Navbahor Namangan in the Uzbek League and the Moldova national football team .
Club career
FC Sheriff
In 2008 Gheorghiev signed for Divizia Naţională outfit Sheriff Tiraspol .
In March 2015 , Gheorghiev was loaned to Uzbek side Navbahor Namangan for the remainder of 2015 .
International career
On 9 February 2011 he made his debut for the Moldova national football team in a friendly match against Andorra
References
External links
1991 births
Living people
Moldovan footballers
Moldovan people of Bulgarian descent
Moldova international footballers
FC Sheriff Tiraspol players
Moldovan Super Liga players
Association football midfielders
Uzbekistan Super League players
Gaspar Jiménez Escobedo ( October 6 , 1935 – October 29 , 2014 ) was a Cuban exile living in Miami . An associate of Luis Posada Carriles , he was convicted of attempting to kidnap a Cuban consul in Mexico in 1976 , for which he served 27 months in prison . He was also convicted of attempting to assassinate Cuban President Fidel Castro in Panama in 2000 , and was jailed until 2004 when he was pardoned by outgoing Panamanian President Mireya Moscoso .
Biography
Jiménez was born on October 6 , 1935 in the Cuban city of Camagüey . He worked as a day laborer in Miami for some time , and had a wife and two daughters in 1983 . Jiménez was a naturalized US citizen . A physically imposing man who weighed 300 pounds , Jiménez was nicknamed `` El Gordo '' , or `` Fat '' . According to reporter Ann Louise Bardach , Jiménez worked for Alberto Hernández , who would later head the Cuban American National Foundation , in the 1990s , and later worked for the foundation himself .
In July 1976 , Jiménez and an associate named Orestes Ruiz were arrested in Mexico , and accused of attempting to kidnap Cuban consul Daniel Ferrer . Ferrer 's bodyguard , Artagnan Diaz , was killed in the attempt . A third accused , Gustavo Castillo , avoided arrest and returned to the US . A Mexican court convicted them of involvement in the kidnapping , and convicted Ruiz of shooting the bodyguard . According to the Miami Herald , both Jiménez and Castillo had been described by a US Justice Department memorandum as having `` extensive backgrounds in terrorist activities '' , mostly outside the US . A report by the Federal Bureau of Investigation into terrorist activities targeting the Cuban government of Fidel Castro prominently mentioned both Castillo and Jiménez . After their arrest , a US Federal prosecutor stated that the two had been linked to anti-Castro bombings in Latin America ; the men denied the allegations .
In March 1977 , Jiménez managed to escape from prison , and returned to Miami . Jiménez and Castillo were both arrested in Miami by US authorities in January 1978 , and deported to Mexico to serve their sentences in 1981 . The Cuban-American community in Miami lobbied heavily for his release , but the US Supreme Court did not block his extradition . Jiménez 's initial 9-year sentence was reduced to reflect time that he worked while in prison , and the three years he spent imprisoned in the United States awaiting extradition , and he was freed in May 1983 . In 1981 , Jiménez and Castillo were indicted by a grand jury for a bombing attack against Cuban-American radio presenter Emilio Milián in 1976 ; Jiménez had been identified as a leading suspect by investigators in the case . A witness said he saw Jiménez working on Milian 's car shortly before the bombing . Soon after Jiménez 's release from prison , however , the indictment was dropped , with the prosecuting attorney stating that there was insufficient evidence . No one was prosecuted for the bombing .
Jiménez worked for a while as a courier carrying money and messages to Luis Posada Carriles , a Cuban exile associated with a number of terrorist attacks against the Cuban government . An acquaintance of Jiménez stated that the money came from Cuban exiles in Miami . On November 17 , 2000 , 200 pounds of explosives were discovered in Panama City in the possession of Posada Cariles . Posada and three others , including Jiménez and Guillermo Novo , were arrested for plotting to assassinate Castro , who was then visiting Panama for the first time since 1959 . While Jiménez and the others were incarcerated in Panama , Cuban-American US congressmen Lincoln and Mario Díaz-Balart wrote to Panamanian President Mireya Moscoso asking for their release . Convicted in 2004 , the four men were pardoned by Moscoso shortly before she left office later the same year . Jiménez died on October 29 , 2014 , of natural causes : he was 79 years old .
References
Notes
Sources
1935 births
2014 deaths
American people of Cuban descent
Opposition to Fidel Castro
People extradited from the United States
People extradited to Mexico
Anti-communist terrorism
Failed assassins
Terrorism in Cuba
The El Maghara mine is an underground coal mine in Egypt 's Sinai peninsula . Opened in 1964 , the mine produces low-rank bituminous coal . Located about 250 km northeast of Cairo , it is the only coal mine in Egypt . Operations were approved to resume in 2014 , with reserves estimated at 21 million tons of coal .
The mine is run by the state-owned .
References
Coal mines in Egypt
Coal mines
1964 establishments in Egypt
The Vogelkop scrubwren ( Aethomyias rufescens ) is a bird species in the family Acanthizidae . It is endemic to West Papua , Indonesia . Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests .
This species was formerly placed in the genus Sericornis but following the publication of a molecular phylogenetic study of the scrubwrens in 2018 , it was moved to the resurrected genus Aethomyias .
References
Vogelkop scrubwren
Birds of West Papua
Vogelkop scrubwren
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
Fencing at the 2014 Summer Youth Olympics was held from 17 to 20 August at the Nanjing International Expo Center in Nanjing , China .
Qualification
Each National Olympic Committee ( NOC ) can enter a maximum of 6 competitors , 3 per each gender and 1 per each weapon . 60 places will be decided at the 2014 Cadet World Championships held in Plovdiv , Bulgaria from 3–12 April 2014 . The top 4 European , top 2 American , top 2 Asian/Oceania and top African fencers from each event will qualify . Furthermore , the top 2 Oceania fencers and the top fencer from Africa , Americas , Asia and Europe across all events not yet qualified will also qualify . As hosts , China was given the maximum quota should they not qualify , but declined to use those extra spots and a further 12 , 6 in each gender was initially given by the Tripartite Commission , but only nine spots were used .
To be eligible to participate at the Youth Olympics athletes must have been born between 1 January 1997 and 31 December 1999 .
Schedule
The schedule was released by the Nanjing Youth Olympic Games Organizing Committee .
All times are CST ( UTC+8 )
Medal summary
Medal table
Events
References
External links
Official Results Book – Fencing
2014 Summer Youth Olympics events
Youth Summer Olympics
International fencing competitions hosted by China
2014
Adolphus Henry `` Buck '' Hatcher ( May ll , 1896 – November 7 , 1987 ) was a college football player .
University of Tennessee
Hatcher was a prominent tackle for the Tennessee Volunteers football teams of the University of Tennessee from 1915 to 1916 and 1919 to 1920 . He once kicked a 52-yard field goal against Sewanee . At Tennessee , he was a member of Sigma Alpha Epsilon .
1916
Tennessee upset Vanderbilt 10 to 6 in 1916 . Hatcher played at quarterback ; his also punting contributed significantly , outpunting Tom Zerfoss by 15 yards consistently . The New York Herald ranked Hatcher as the season 's premier punter . Tennessee finished undefeated and ranked with Georgia Tech as Southern Intercollegiate Athletic Association ( SIAA ) co-champions .
1919
A steady rain hindered the 1919 Tennessee–Vanderbilt contest which ended as a 3 to 3 tie . Josh Cody scored on a 30-yard drop kick , and Hatcher later made a 25-yard drop kick .
1920
Hatcher was captain and selected All-Southern in 1920 . He booted a 50-yard field goal against Sewanee .
References
External links
1896 births
1987 deaths
American football drop kickers
American football punters
American football quarterbacks
American football tackles
Tennessee Volunteers football players
Tennessee Wesleyan Bulldogs football coaches
All-Southern college football players
People from Fayetteville , Tennessee
Players of American football from Tennessee
American football placekickers
Raul Silva may refer to :
Raúl Silva Henríquez ( 1907-1999 ) , Chilean prelate
Raul Silva ( footballer ) ( born 1989 ) , Brazilian footballer
See also
Raoul Silva
Luiza da Silva e Sá-Davis ( born March 29 , 1983 in São Paulo ) is one of the guitar players and drummers for the Brazilian indie-electro band Cansei de Ser Sexy .
Besides playing in the group , she studies fine art at college and is very interested in astrology . She sometimes acts as a disc jockey at São Paulo clubs along with bandmate Ana Rezende , as the duo MeuKu ( which means `` MyAss '' in English ) . Her hairstyle is known as `` Joana in the 80s '' in São Paulo .
She is openly gay .
References
1983 births
Living people
Lesbian musicians
Brazilian people of Portuguese descent
Brazilian drummers
Brazilian women guitarists
Women drummers
LGBT musicians from Brazil
Musicians from São Paulo
Women in electronic music
CSS ( band ) members
21st-century women musicians
21st-century guitarists
21st-century drummers
20th-century LGBT people
21st-century LGBT people
Stone Dam Mountain is a summit located in Central New York Region of New York located in the Town of Ohio in Herkimer County , northwest of North Wilmurt . Stone Dam Lake is located east of the elevation .
References
Mountains of Herkimer County , New York
Mountains of New York ( state )
Francis-Roland Lambert ( born in 1921 in Lawrence , Massachusetts ) was an American clergyman and bishop for the Roman Catholic Diocese of Port-Vila . He was appointed bishop in 1976 . He died in 1997 .
References
1921 births
1997 deaths
American Roman Catholic bishops by contiguous area of the United States
Roman Catholic bishops of Port-Vila
20th-century American clergy
Euchrysops albistriata , the Capronnier 's Cupid , is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae . It is found in Guinea , Sierra Leone , Liberia , Ivory Coast , Ghana , Nigeria , Cameroon , the Democratic Republic of the Congo , Sudan , Uganda , Ethiopia , Kenya , Tanzania and Zambia . The habitat consists of forests , Guinea savanna , Sudan savanna and disturbed areas in the forest zone .
Subspecies
Euchrysops albistriata albistriata ( Cameroon , Democratic Republic of the Congo , southern Sudan , Uganda , Ethiopia , Kenya , Tanzania , Zambia )
Euchrysops albistriata greenwoodi d'Abrera , 1980 ( Guinea , Sierra Leone , Liberia , Ivory Coast , Ghana , Nigeria )
References
External links
Die Gross-Schmetterlinge der Erde 13 : Die Afrikanischen Tagfalter . Plate XIII 65 k
Butterflies described in 1889
Euchrysops
Butterflies of Africa
This is a list of all personnel changes for the 2011 NBA off-season and 2011–12 NBA season .
Retirement
Front office movements
Head coach changes
Off-season
In-season
General manager changes
Off-season
In-season
Player movement
The following is a list of player movement via free agency and trades .
Trades
Free agency
Free agency started on December 9 . All players are unrestricted free agents unless indicated otherwise . A restricted free agent 's team has the right to keep the player by matching an offer sheet the player signs with another team .
Note
* Played overseas during the lockout .
10-day contracts
A player can sign a 10-day contract beginning on February 6 . A player can only sign two 10-day contracts with the same team in one season . If the team want to retain the player after the second 10-day contract expired , the team has to sign the player for the remainder of the season .
Released
Waived
Note
* Released under the amnesty clause in the new CBA , which gives teams a one-time option to waive a player 's remaining contract from the salary cap .
Training camp cuts
The following players were signed and invited to the training camp but were waived before the start of the season .
D-League assignments
Each NBA team can assign players with two years or less of experience to its affiliated NBA Development League team . Players with more than two years of experience may be assigned to the D-League with the players ' consent .
Note
Numbers in parentheses indicates the number of assignments a player has received during the season .
Going overseas
The following players were on NBA rosters at the end of the previous season . Many players signed with teams from other leagues due to the 2011 NBA lockout . FIBA allowed players under NBA contracts to sign and play for teams from other leagues if the contracts had opt-out clauses that allowed the players to return to the NBA if the lockout ended . The Chinese Basketball Association , however , only allowed its clubs to sign foreign free agents who could play for at least the entire season . Chinese nationals were exempt from this rule ; this allowed Yi Jianlian to return to the NBA upon the end of the lockout . The list also includes unsigned 2011 draft picks who signed with teams from other leagues , but excludes unsigned 2011 draft picks who were already playing overseas before the draft .
Before and during the lockout
Note
After the lockout
Draft
2011 NBA Draft
The 2011 NBA draft was held on June 23 , 2011 at Prudential Center in Newark , New Jersey . In two rounds 60 players were selected in the draft . 27 of the 30 first-round picks signed rookie contracts and were named in the 2010–11 season opening day roster . 21 of the 30 second-round picks also signed rookie contracts , but one of them was waived before the start of the season and became a free agent . 12 other draft picks were unsigned but their draft rights are still held by the NBA teams .
First round
Second round
Previous years draftees
Notes
References
Transactions : 2011–2012 Season . NBA.com . Turner Sports Interactive , Inc
2011 NBA Free Agent Tracker . Sports Illustrated . Time Warner Company
NBA Development League : 2011–12 Assignments . NBA.com . Turner Sports Interactive , Inc
External links
Transactions : 2011–2012 Season at NBA.com
2011 Free Agent Tracker at NBA.com
NBA Trades and Transactions at ESPN.com
Transactions
NBA transactions
Avatha gertae is a species of moth of the family Erebidae . It is found in Sumatra and Borneo .
References
External links
Moths described in 1985
Avatha
Moths of Asia
The Naga wren-babbler or long-tailed wren-babbler ( Spelaeornis chocolatinus ) is a bird species in the family Timaliidae .
In India it is found in Nagaland and Manipur .
Several former subspecies of this bird have now been recognized as good species . They are : pale-throated wren-babbler ( S. kinneari ) , Chin Hills wren-babbler ( S. oatesi ) and grey-bellied wren-babbler ( S. reptatus ) . Together , the group was collectively known as the long-tailed wren-babbler .
The natural habitats of the long-tailed wren-babbler are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests . Following the splitting of the newly recognized species , the populations remaining in S. chocolatinus are small enough to warrant uplisting to near threatened status , from the previous IUCN assessment of the least concern .
Footnotes
References
Collar , N.J. & Robson , C. ( 2007 ) : Family Timaliidae ( Babblers ) . In : del Hoyo , Josep ; Elliott , Andrew & Christie , D.A . ( eds . ) : Handbook of Birds of the World , Volume 12 ( Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees ) : 70-291 . Lynx Edicions , Barcelona .
Naga wren-babbler
Birds of Northeast India
Old World babblers
Naga wren-babbler
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Aroos-Gooleh ( `` Bride-Ghoul '' ) is a traditional performance held in the Gilan Province , now a province in northwest Iran , heralding the coming of Nowruz . It is a Gilani way of the narrative of the Amu Nowruz in which the old and the new years ' symbol rise against each other . Although this folklore tradition was becoming obsolete , recently the Rural Museum of Gilan has decided to revive it and holds the performance in regular intervals
The main characters of the play are Naz-Khanom , Ghol , and Pir Babo . Ghol takes a club , wears a bulky piece of clothing with bells on it , Pir makes himself like an old person with white beard and moustache , and Naz Khanom role is played by a young man dressed as a young woman . Pir and Ghol challenge to win the heart of Naz Khanom through the performance and at last they fight , Ghol succeeds and ends the play while dancing and singing with Naz Khanom . Naz Khanom is the symbol of righteousness and morality while the Ghol stands for evil-doings . During the performance it turns out that Naz Khanom teaches the Ghol the way to live with good manners and peace .
The troupe performs at nights , when they are called to a neighborhood , they play there and receive in return rice , eggs , comfits , and sometimes money .
References
Gilan Province
Iranian folklore
Ghouls
The 2009 Villanova Wildcats football team represented Villanova University in the 2009 NCAA Division I FCS football season . They played their home games at Villanova Stadium in Villanova , Pennsylvania . They were co-champions of the Colonial Athletic Association ( CAA ) and advanced to the National Championship game where they defeated Montana , 23–21 . It was Villanova 's first national championship in football , marking them as the only team to have both an NCAA Division I Football and Men 's Basketball championship ( the FCS is the only official NCAA Division I Football Championship ) . They finished with a record of 14–1 , 7–1 in CAA play .
Schedule
Roster
References
Villanova
Villanova Wildcats football seasons
NCAA Division I Football Champions
Colonial Athletic Association football champion seasons
Villanova Wildcats football
Diane McNaron ( born 1947 in Texas , died February 20 , 2022 ) was an American singer , producer and Cabaret entertainer . She worked as a stage director and cabaret , art song , opera and jazz singer throughout the US and in Europe , Venezuela and Australia .
Career
McNaron studied Opera Production at Florida State University from which she received a Master of Music degree in 1973 , and at Indiana University with Ross Allen , Max Roethlissberger and Hans Busch . As a singer , she coached with Eleanor Steber in New York , Frau Professor Ena Thiessen at the American Institute of Musical Studies in Graz , Austria , Metropolitan Opera soprano Gianna d'Angelo and with the Kurt Weill repertoire coaches Randolph Symonette and Lys Symonette . She served as an Assistant Director for the Opera Barga Festival in Italy , studying stage direction with Gino Becchi in 1977 .
She worked as a voice professor and theatrical stage director at several universities and colleges including Northern Arizona University , Northwestern State University of Louisiana and the University of Adelaide . Australia , from 1978 to 1988 . On her return to the US , McNaron became a free-lance singer in the fields of Jazz , Cabaret and Art Song , a cabaret producer/director and voice coach . During 1991 , she created the Cabaret duo , Masters ' Cabaret , showcasing songs of Lotte Lenya and Marlene Dietrich . In 2000 , she released the CD Music in Flight featuring pianist Shari Boruvka and the works of Kurt Weill , Hanns Eisler , Paul Dessau , LaDonna Smith and Ed Robertson , written while the European composers were in flight from war and political oppression . The album was endorsed by Doctors Without Borders ( MSF ) , winners of the 1999 Nobel Peace Prize .
In 2004 , McNaron launched the ensemble , The Politically Incorrect Cabaret , a twelve-member troupe of writers , singer/actors , dancers and instrumentalists , presenting topical political satire in a Berlin-style setting . The troupe plays across the Southeast . Her CD Rosas de Pulpa ; Rosas de Cal , recorded with the pianist Heather Coltman , pianist Adam Bowles , violinist Karen Bentley Pollick , violist Melanie Richardson Rodgers and cellist Craig Hultgren featuring the compositions of Valdo Sciammarella , was released in 2010 .
McNaron was a founding member of the Birmingham Peace Project of which she became Chair in 2009 . She produced rallies , fund-raisers and teach-ins for progressive and charitable organizations and resided in Birmingham , Alabama .
Discography
Music In Flight with Shari Boruvka , Laurie Middaugh , Judith Donaldson , LaDonna Smith and the Indian Springs School Women 's Chorale , 2000
Rosas de Pulpa , Rosas de Cal – the Music of Valdo Sciammarella , with Heather Coltman , Adam Bowles , Karen Bentley Pollick , Melanie Richardson Rodgers and Craig Hultgren , 2010
References
External links
Diane McNaron website at the Internet Archive Wayback Machine
The Politically Incorrect Cabaret
Birmingham Peace Project
Rosas de Pulpa , Rosas de Cal CD Radio Interview with Robin Jackson on CD release , 2008
Birmingham Five-Star CD Review , Rosas de Pulpa , 2010
CD Universe - Rosas De Pulpa ... Rosas De Cal CD
Allmusic - Diane McNaron
NPR Interview , with Tanya Ott , 2009
ABC article “ Opposing War , What is it Good For ? ” , coverage of war protest , 2002
1947 births
2022 deaths
People from Birmingham , Alabama
Florida State University alumni
Indiana University alumni
Cabaret singers
Richmond Tachie ( born 21 April 1999 ) is a German footballer who plays for club SC Paderborn .
Club career
On 14 April 2022 , Tachie signed a two-year contract with SC Paderborn , beginning in the 2022–23 season .
References
Living people
1999 births
Association football forwards
German footballers
Tennis Borussia Berlin players
VfL Wolfsburg players
VfL Wolfsburg II players
FC Viktoria Köln players
Borussia Dortmund II players
SC Paderborn 07 players
3 . Liga players
Regionalliga players
2 . Bundesliga players
Footballers from Berlin
Bettina Herlitzius ( born 8 July 1960 in Bad Salzuflen , North Rhine-Westphalia ) is a German politician , specifically a Green Party representative in the Bundestag .
Political career
Herlitzius is the Bundestag representative for Kreis Aachen which is located along Germany 's borders with Belgium and the Netherlands , west of Cologne .
. Her initial term began in 2007 but she was re-elected as MP in September 2009 . She is currently Green Party 's spokesperson on tourism and housing policy . Her political career so far : -
Member of the Bündnis 90/Die Grünen since 1989 .
Member of the Rhineland Regional Council ( until September 2007 Group vice-president ) .
Member and vice chairman of the Regional Cologne .
Members of the Bundestag since September 2007 . Tourism and housing sector Group spokesperson , coordinator for the Federal Transport Infrastructure Plan and Member of the LAG Transport committee .
Like fellow party member Gerhard Schick , Herlitzius is a committed environmentalist and the pair have taken steps to introduce environmental taxes within the German Parliament .
Education & Work History
After school Herlitzius studied architecture at the RWTH Aachen in Aachen where she graduated from in 1989 . She then worked as an independent architect until 1993 when she began her Referendariat or Training programme at the State Building Authority in the Ministry of Construction and Housing . After completing her final state exams she became director of the Office of Traffic , housing , building and road construction for Aachen county .
Personal life
Herlitzius is openly lesbian and she has championed equal rights for LGBT couples since the 1990s . She lives with her partner in a civil union and has one son .
References
External links
Website by Bettina Herlitzius
Biography in the German Bundestag
Lebenslauf bei der Bundestagsfraktion Bündnis 90/Die Grünen
1960 births
Living people
People from Bad Salzuflen
Lesbian politicians
Members of the Bundestag for North Rhine-Westphalia
LGBT members of the Bundestag
LGBT rights activists from Germany
Female members of the Bundestag
21st-century German women politicians
Members of the Bundestag 2009–2013
Members of the Bundestag for Alliance 90/The Greens
21st-century LGBT people
CSA Z462 , Workplace Electrical Safety Standard is a standard of the Canadian Standards Association . It is based on and was developed in parallel with U.S. National Fire Protection Association ( NFPA ) standard NFPA 70E , Standard for Electrical Safety in the Workplace . Attempts have been made to harmonize Z462 with NFPA 70E as much as practicable for Canadian workplaces .
CSA Z462 is the Canadian standard that addresses electrical safety requirements for employees . It provides guidance on the assessment of electrical hazards and design of safe work spaces around electrical power systems . It stipulates requirements for identifying hazardous equipment and for the development of safe work procedures around this equipment . This standard also gives guidance to electrical workers on the selection of personal protective equipment and protective clothing for protection from electrical arc flash hazards . CSA Z462-18 is the fourth and most current edition of the standard .
See also
Lockout-Tagout
Canadian Electrical Code
References
External links
Z462-08 Workplace Electrical Safety Standard
Canadian Standards Association
The National Fire Protection Association
Electrical safety
Redwood and Wildfire is Andrea Hairston 's second novel . It centers on the main characters Redwood and Aidan and their travel from Georgia to Chicago at the turn of the 20th century . It was published in 2011 by Aqueduct Press .
Awards
2011 James Tiptree , Jr. Award
2011 Carl Brandon Society Award
References
2011 American novels
James Tiptree Jr . Award-winning works
Lux Mundi ( Latin for `` Light of the World '' ) may refer to :
Lux Mundi ( statue ) , a statue of Jesus by Tom Tsuchiya
Lux Mundi ( book ) , an 1889 collection of 12 essays by liberal Anglo-Catholic theologians
Lux Mundi ( album ) , a 2011 album by the heavy metal band Samael
Wessel Gansfort ( 1419–1489 ) , humanist of the 15th century who was widely known as Lux Mundi
Lux Mundi ( band ) , an American drum & bass band and production duo
Lux Mundi ( Jesus Christ ) .... , In Bible Book of John Chapter 8:12 , Jesus Christ spoke of himself as the Light of the World . The same was equated unto the followers of Christ ( Believers ) in the Bible Book of Matthew 5:14 as the Light of the World .
The Garmin G1000 is an electronic flight instrument system ( EFIS ) typically composed of two display units , one serving as a primary flight display , and one as a multi-function display . Manufactured by Garmin Aviation , it serves as a replacement for most conventional flight instruments and avionics . Introduced in June 2004 , the system has since become one of the most popular integrated glass cockpit solutions for general aviation and business aircraft .
Components
An aircraft with a basic Garmin G1000 installation contains two LCDs ( one acting as the primary flight display and the other as the multi-function display ) as well as an integrated communications panel that fits between the two . These displays are designated as a GDU , Garmin Display Unit .
Beyond that , additional features are found on newer and larger G1000 installations , such as in business jets . This includes :
A third display unit , to act as a co-pilot PFD
An alphanumeric keyboard
An integrated flight director/autopilot ( without it , the G1000 interfaces with an external autopilot )
Depending on the airplane manufacturer and whether or not a GFC 700 autopilot is installed , the G1000 system will consist of either two GDU 1040 displays ( no autopilot ) , a GDU 1040 PFD/GDU 1043 MFD ( GFC 700 autopilot installed ) , or a GDU 1045 PFD/GDU 1045 MFD ( GFC 700 autopilot installed with VNAV ) .
The GDU 1040 is the standard base bezel with no autopilot/flight director mode selection keys below the heading bug . The GDU 1043 has autopilot/flight director keys for all GFC 700 modes except VNAV . The GDU 1045 is essentially identical to the GDU 1043 except for the addition of an autopilot/flight director mode for VNAV . Depending on how the units are installed , an MFD failure may , or may not , affect autopilot or flight director use . If a GDU 1040 is used as a PFD in an airplane equipped with a GFC 700 autopilot , a failure of the MFD ( which houses the autopilot mode selection keys ) will leave the autopilot engaged , but the modes can not be changed because no autopilot keys are present on the PFD . But , if an MFD failure occurs in an airplane with the GFC 700 autopilot and either a GDU 1043 or a GDU 1045 bezel installed as a PFD , the pilot will have full use of the autopilot through the keys on the PFD .
Both the PFD and MFD each have two slots for SD memory cards . The top slot is used to update the Jeppesen aviation database ( also known as NavData ) every 28 days , and to load software and configuration to the system . The aviation database must be current to use GPS for navigation during IFR instrument approaches . The bottom slot houses the World terrain and Jeppesen obstacle databases . While terrain information rarely changes or needs to be updated , obstacle databases can be updated every 56 days through a subscription service . The top card can be removed from the G1000 system following an update , but the bottom card must stay in both the PFD and MFD to ensure accurate terrain awareness and TAWS-B information .
Primary flight display ( PFD )
The primary flight display shows the basic flight instruments , such as the attitude indicator , airspeed indicator , altimeter , heading indicator , and course deviation indicator . A small map called the `` inset map '' can be enabled in the corner . The buttons on the PFD are used to set the squawk code on the transponder . The PFD can also be used for entering and activating flight plans . The PFD also has a `` reversionary mode '' which is capable of displaying all information shown on the MFD ( for example , engine gauges and navigational information ) . This capability is provided in case of an PFD failure .
Multi-function display ( MFD )
The multi-function display typically shows a moving map on the right side , and engine instrumentation on the left . Most of the other screens in the G1000 system are accessed by turning the knob on the lower right corner of the unit . Screens available from the MFD other than the map include the setup menus , information about the nearest airports and NAVAIDs , Mode S traffic reports , terrain awareness , XM radio , flight plan programming , and GPS RAIM prediction .
Implementation
The G1000 system consists of several integrated components which sample and exchange data or display information to the pilot .
GDU display
The GDU display unit acts as the primary source of flight information for the pilot . Each display can interchangeably serve as a primary flight display ( PFD ) or multi-function display ( MFD ) . The wiring harness within the aircraft specifies which role each display is in by default . All of the displays within an aircraft are interconnected using a high-speed Ethernet data bus . A G1000 installation may have two GDUs ( one PFD and one MFD ) or three ( one PFD for each pilot and an MFD ) . There are several different GDU models in service , which have different screen sizes ( from 10 inches to 15 inches ) and different bezel controls .
In normal operation , the display in front of the pilot is the PFD and will provide aircraft attitude , airspeed , altitude , vertical speed , heading , rate-of-turn , slip-and-skid , navigation , transponder , inset map view ( containing map , traffic , and terrain information ) , and systems annunciation data . The second display , typically positioned to the right of the PFD , operates in MFD mode and provides engine instrumentation and a moving map display . The moving map can be replaced or overlaid by various other types of data , such as satellite weather , checklists , system information , waypoint information , weather sensor data , and traffic awareness information .
Both displays provide redundant information regarding communications and navigation radio frequency settings even though each display is usually only paired with one GIA Integrated Avionics Unit . In the event of a single display failure , the remaining display will adopt a combined `` reversionary mode '' and automatically become a PFD combined with engine instrumentation data and other functions of the MFD . A red button labeled `` reversionary mode '' or `` display backup , '' located on the GMA audio panel , is also available to the pilot to select this mode manually if desired .
GMA audio panel
The GMA panel provides buttons for selecting what audio sources are heard by each member of the cockpit . It also includes a button for forcing the integrated cockpit into its fail-safe reversionary mode .
GMC/GCU remote controllers
The GMC and GCU controllers are panel-mounted modules which provide a more intuitive interface for the pilot than that provided by the GDU . The GMC controls the G1000 's autopilot , while the GCU is used to enter navigational data and control the GDU 's functions .
GIA integrated avionics unit
The GIA unit is a combined communications and navigation radio , and also serves as the primary data aggregator for the G1000 system . It provides a two-way VHF communications transceiver , a VHF navigation receiver with glideslope , a GPS receiver , and a variety of supporting processors . Each unit is paired with a GDU display , which acts as a controlling unit . The GIA 63W , found on many newer G1000 installations , is an updated version of the older GIA 63 which includes Wide Area Augmentation System support .
GDC air data computer
The GDC computer replaces the internal components of the pitot-static system in traditional aircraft instrumentation . It measures airspeed , altitude , vertical speed , and outside air temperature . This data is then provided to all the displays and integrated avionics units .
GRS attitude and heading reference system ( AHRS )
The GRS system uses solid-state sensors to measure aircraft attitude , rate of turn , and slip and skid . This data is then provided to all the integrated avionics units and GDU display units . Unlike many competing systems , the AHRS can be rebooted and recalibrated in flight during turns of up to 20 degrees .
GMU magnetometer
The GMU magnetometer measures aircraft heading and is a digital version of a traditional compass . It does so through aligning itself with the magnetic flux lines of the earth .
GTX transponder
Either the GTX 32 or GTX 33 transponder can be used in the G1000 system , although the GTX 33 is far more common . The GTX 32 provides standard mode-C replies to ATC interrogations while the GTX 33 provides mode-S bidirectional communications with ATC and therefore can indicate traffic in the area as well as announce itself spontaneously via `` squittering '' without prior interrogation .
GEA engine/airframe unit
The GEA unit measures a large variety of engine and airframe parameters , including engine RPM , manifold pressure , oil temperature , cylinder head temperature , exhaust gas temperature , and fuel level in each tank . This data is then provided to the integrated avionics units .
GSD data aggregator
The GSD is a data aggregator system included on complex G1000 systems , such as that found on the Embraer Phenom 100 . It serves as a point of connection which allows external systems to communicate with the G1000 .
Backup systems
As a condition of certification , all aircraft utilizing the G1000 integrated cockpit must have a redundant airspeed indicator , altimeter , attitude indicator , and magnetic compass . In the event of a failure of the G1000 instrumentation , these backup instruments become primary .
In addition , a secondary power source is required to power the G1000 instrumentation for a limited time in the event of a failure of the aircraft 's alternator and primary battery .
Certification
The Garmin G1000 is generally certified on new general aviation aircraft , including Beechcraft , Cessna , Diamond , Cirrus , Mooney , Piper , Quest ( the Quest Kodiak ) , and Tiger . In late 2005 , Garmin first announced in the G1000 in the Columbia Aircraft Model 400 , later sold to Cessna . Garmin announced its first G1000 retrofit program for the Beechcraft C90 King Air in 2007 . That same year the Garmin G1000 became a jet platform , as the avionics system for the Cessna Citation Mustang very light jet . Versions of the G1000 are also used in the Embraer Phenom 100 and Embraer Phenom 300 , and PiperJet , as well as the Bell SLS helicopter .
Competition
The G1000 competes with the Avidyne Entegra and Chelton FlightLogic EFIS glass cockpits . However , there are significant differences with regard to the features , degree of integration , intuitive aspects of the design , and overall product utility . Note that the Chelton system is not typically found in airplanes that include the less expensive G1000 or Avidyne systems .
In 2009 Garmin introduced the Garmin G500 as a retrofit glass cockpit . The G500 has the majority of the capabilities of the G1000 , other than integration with the aircraft engine system .
Advantages and drawbacks
As it has GPS , communication , and radio navigation components built directly into the system , it both consolidates components into a centralized location and , for the same reason , becomes potentially more costly to repair or replace . The system has the potential to reduce downtime as key components , such as the AHRS , ADC and PFD , are modular and easily replaced . The system 's design also prevents the failure of a single component from `` cascading '' through other components .
The G1000 is compatible with the latest enhanced vision system ( EVS ) technology . Enhanced vision systems use thermal and infrared cameras to see real-time images and help turn obscurants such as bad weather , night time , fog , dust and brownouts into better images that can see 8-10 times farther than the naked eye .
There are some safety concerns with all glass cockpits , such as the failure of the primary flight displays ( PFD ) . The Garmin G1000 system offers a reversionary mode that will present all of the primary flight instrumentation on the remaining display . In addition , there are multiple GPS units , and electronic redundancy incorporated extensively throughout the design of the system .
Training and training resources
Flying any glass cockpit aircraft requires transition training to familiarize the pilot with the aircraft 's systems . Transition training is most effective when a pilot prepares ahead of time . Most general aviation manufacturers using the G1000 system have FAA Industry Training Standards ( FITS ) training programs for pilots transitioning into their airplanes . FAA FITS compliant training is recommended for any pilot transitioning to the G1000 or any other glass cockpit prior to operating the aircraft in instrument meteorological conditions ( IMC ) or if operating a glass cockpit aircraft for the first time . Glass cockpit aircraft may not be suitable for primary training .
One of the most effective resources for preparing for G1000 transition training include the Garmin simulator software . In addition , some flight schools now have G1000 flight training devices ( FTDs ) that provide realistic simulation .
All of the most current Garmin G1000 pilot 's guides are available from Garmin as free downloads in PDF format .
See also
References
External links
Aircraft instruments
Avionics
Garmin
Glass cockpit
The shrine of Khwaja Abu Nasr Parsa is located in Balkh , Afghanistan . It was built around 1598 and has an octagonal plan of two stories with axial iwans and corner rooms . Khwaja Abu Nasr Parsa was a spiritual leader of the Naqshbandi order and a theological lecturer in Herat . Although there is no epigraphical evidence identifying the shrine as the site of his tomb , art historians Golombek and Wilber have identified an unmarked tombstone in front of the portal as the Khwaja 's grave marker .
Architecture
All over the building written in Arabic language as same in every mosque in world . This building has two minarat ( tower ) . One minarat in left side and one minarat in right sides . The interesting about the architecture is that it has 16 windows on the rim of this mosque . These windows give a good look to the mosque . The entrance of this mosque made up of wood . As other mosque this mosque has a dome that indicate the Qibla . Qibla is the place where people face and start to pray . Later the architecture of that time made pillar in order to support the weight of dome . And also the platform of the part of the mosque was added later . Not only the decoration of the mosque were changed but also a little part of the structure of the mosque was also reconstructed .
See also
History of Persian domes
History
This mosque was dated from 10th -16th centuries ; it was later restored . According to sources , it says that there were no such kinds of evidence that show it is the shrine of Khwajah Abu Nasr Parsa . But people of the place believe that it was the shrine of Khwaja Abu Nasr Parsa . Khwaja Abu Nasr Parsa used to lead the prayer in this masque . According to McChesney , R. he addressed that his grave is lie down in this shrine . In that time he was in heart Afghanistan but , one of his family branch was lived in Bukhara which is located in Uzbekistan . In that time his family plays an important role in stability .
References
Bibliography
Dargahs
Shrines in Afghanistan
Naqshbandi order
Dr. Linda Bisson is a trained yeast geneticist who focuses on sugar catabolism and fermentation . She is a retired professor and geneticist from the University of California at Davis .
Education and career
Bisson has an undergraduate degree from San Francisco State University and , in 1975 , Bisson her masters ' degree from there while working on the bacteria Pseudomonas . She then earned a Ph.D. in 1980 from the University of California , Berkeley where she worked on metabolism of the yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae . Following her Ph.D , she was a postdoc at Harvard Medical School before joining the faculty at University of California at Davis as an assistant professor in 1985 . She was the Viticulture and Enology Chair from 1990 to 1995 and then the Maynard A. Amerine Endowed Chair in Viticulture and Enology from 1997 to 2008 .
She was the science editor of the American Journal of Enology and Viticulture ( AJEV ) for 15 years and the co-author of the text book , “ Principles and Practices of Winemaking. ” The textbook won the Le Prix en Oenologie from the Office International de la Vigne et du Vin in 1998 .
Awards
In 2002 , she received the Excellence in Teaching Award from UC Davis Extension ; in 2004 , she received the Excellence in Education Award from Associated Students of UCD ; and in 2012 , she was awarded the DEVO Excellence in Teaching Award . In 2011 , she received the James M. Craig Lectureship Award from Oregon State University . In 2014 , she was honored with the American Society for Enology and Viticulture 's ( ASEV ) the highest honor , the Merit Award , and was the ASEV Honorary Research Lecturer in 2000 . She also received the University of California , Davis Charles P. Nash Prize .
Selected publications
References
External links
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
American geneticists
University of California , Davis faculty
University of California , Berkeley alumni
San Francisco State University alumni
Oenologists
Krasnogorsk ( Красногорск ) is a series of spring-wound 16mm mirror-reflex movie camera designed and manufactured in the USSR by Krasnogorsky Zavod ( KMZ ) , produced between 1966 and 1993 .
There were four models of this series released by KMZ :
Krasnogorsk-1 ( 1966 )
Krasnogorsk-2 ( 1966 )
Krasnogorsk-3 ( 1971 )
Krasnogorsk-4 ( 1974 )
A total of 105,435 Krasnogorsk-3 cameras were produced between 1971 and 1993 .
This series was one of the most popular 16mm movie cameras in Eastern Europe , where it made a prominent appearance in Krzysztof Kieślowski 's 1979 film Camera Buff . The Krasnogorsk cameras are still popular among independent filmmakers today .
Models
References
External links
List of Zenit cameras
Zenit camera models and number of products per year
Movie cameras
Soviet cameras
This list of mosasaurs is a comprehensive listing of all genera that have ever been included in the family Mosasauridae or the parent clade Mosasauroidea , excluding purely vernacular terms . The list includes all commonly accepted genera , but also genera that are now considered invalid , doubtful ( nomen dubium ) , or were not formally published ( nomen nudum ) , as well as junior synonyms of more established names , and genera that are no longer considered mosasauroid . Non-mosasaurid mosasauroids shall be noted as such . The list currently includes 84 genera , out of which 50 are considered valid ( 40 mosasaurids and 10 other mosasauroids ) .
Scope and terminology
There is no official , canonical list of mosasaur genera but one of the most thorough attempts can be found on the `` Pythonomorpha '' section of Mikko Haaramo 's Phylogeny Archive .
Naming conventions and terminology follow the International Code of Zoological Nomenclature . Technical terms used include :
Junior synonym : A name which describes the same taxon as a previously published name . If two or more genera are formally designated and the type specimens are later assigned to the same genus , the first to be published ( in chronological order ) is the senior synonym , and all other instances are junior synonyms . Senior synonyms are generally used , except by special decision of the ICZN , but junior synonyms can not be used again , even if deprecated . Junior synonymy is often subjective , unless the genera described were both based on the same type specimen .
Nomen nudum ( Latin for `` naked name '' ) : A name that has appeared in print but has not yet been formally published by the standards of the ICZN . Nomina nuda ( the plural form ) are invalid , and are therefore not italicized as a proper generic name would be . If the name is later formally published , that name is no longer a nomen nudum and will be italicized on this list . Often , the formally published name will differ from any nomina nuda that describe the same specimen . In this case , these nomina nuda will be deleted from this list in favor of the published name .
Preoccupied name : A name that is formally published , but which has already been used for another taxon . This second use is invalid ( as are all subsequent uses ) and the name must be replaced . As preoccupied names are not valid generic names , they will also go unitalicized on this list .
Nomen dubium ( Latin for `` dubious name '' ) : A name describing a fossil with no unique diagnostic features .
Mosasaur genera
See also
Mosasaur
Platynota
Aigialosaur
Notes
References
Pythonomorpha at Mikko 's Phylogeny Archive . Retrieved 12-03-2007 .
Mosasauridae Translation and Pronunciation Guide at Dinosauria.com . Retrieved 12-03-2007 .
Mosasaurs
Mosasaurs
Star Hill is an unincorporated community in Kent County , Delaware , United States . Star Hill is located at the intersection of U.S. Route 13 and Voshells Mill Road/Voshells Mill Star Hill Road , south of Camden .
Star Hill was an early community of African American settlement in Kent County . The Star Hill AME Church is located in Star Hill ; the church served as a safe haven along the Underground Railroad and held anti-slavery meetings . Today the church is home to the Star Hill Museum , which features exhibits about African American history in Kent County , slavery and the Underground Railroad .
References
Unincorporated communities in Kent County , Delaware
Unincorporated communities in Delaware
Neil John O'Boyle was president of the Irish Republican Brotherhood from 1907 to 1910 . Seán Ó Faoláin later characterised O'Boyle in Belfast and Tom Clarke in Dublin as typical of the 'older realists ' of the movement in the period prior to the Easter Rising . Through the intervention of Bulmer Hobson , an ageing O'Boyle relinquished his position as Ulster representative on the Supreme Council in favour of Denis McCullough .
O'Boyle was born in Randalstown , Co Antrim .
References
Members of the Irish Republican Brotherhood
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
People from Belfast
John Watson ( born 1 April 1947 ) is a former British cyclist . He competed in the team time trial at the 1968 Summer Olympics .
References
1947 births
Living people
British male cyclists
Olympic cyclists of Great Britain
Cyclists at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Zosimus ( Greek : Ζωσιμος ) was a Christian martyr who was executed in Spoleto , Umbria , Italy , during the reign of Emperor Trajan . His feast day is June 19 .
Notes
110 deaths
Italian saints
2nd-century Christian martyrs
Year of birth unknown
Nicholas J. Lutz ( 21 February 1835 St. Louis-lès-Bitche , France - 31 March 1906 Somerville , Massachusetts ) was a French glassmaker who received his training at the Cristalleries de St. Louis , and later emigrated to the United States where he settled in White Mills in Pennsylvania , later working at the Boston and Sandwich Glass Company .
References
1835 births
1906 deaths
glassmakers
Jesus Wept is an American Christian rock band who primarily play hardcore punk , metalcore , post-hardcore , and post-metal . They come from Erie , Pennsylvania . The band started making music in 2004 , and their members are Dan Quiggle , Dave Quiggle , Sean Sundy , Jon Beckman , and Adam Salaga . Their first extended play , Sick City , was released by Strike First Records in 2006 . The band released a studio album , Show 's Over , in 2006 , with Strike First Records .
Background
Jesus Wept is a Christian hardcore and Christian metal band from Erie , Pennsylvania . Their members are vocalist , Dan Quiggle , guitarists Dave Quiggle and Sean Sundy , bassist Jon Beckham , and drummer Adam Salaga . All the members of Jesus Wept were former members of xDisciplex A.D .
Music history
The band commenced as a musical entity in 2004 , with their first release , being an extended play , Sick City , released by Strike First Records , in 2006 . The first studio album , Show 's Over , was released on April 11 , 2006 , by Strike First Records .
Members
Current members
Dan Quiggle - vocals
Dave Quiggle - guitar
Sean Sundy - guitar
Jon Beckman - bass
Adam Salaga - drums
Discography
Studio albums
Show 's Over ( April 11 , 2006 , Strike First )
EPs
Sick City ( 2004 , Independent )
References
External links
Official website
2004 establishments in Pennsylvania
Musical groups established in 2004
Musical groups from Pennsylvania
Facedown Records artists
Strike First Records artists
Myosin-7B also known as myosin , heavy chain 7B is a protein that in humans is encoded by the MYH7B gene .
Function
MYH7B is a slow-twitch myosin .
References
Further reading
The Marina Coastal Expressway ( Abbreviation : MCE ) is the tenth of Singapore 's network of expressways . Construction for the MCE began in 2008 and was completed at the end of 2013 . The expressway was officially opened on 28 December that year by Senior Minister of State Josephine Teo in the presence of Emeritus Senior Minister Goh Chok Tong , and was opened for vehicular traffic the next day .
Route
The 5-kilometre ( 3.1-mile ) MCE connects with the southern end of the KPE and its junction with the ECP to the eastern end of AYE . This links the eastern and western parts of Singapore to the New Downtown , currently being developed in the Marina Bay area . The MCE , with five lanes in each direction , handles the large number of commuters to be drawn to the offices , homes and recreational attractions there . It opens access to the Marina Bay Cruise Centre Singapore in Marina South and the existing Marina South Pier .
List of exits
{ | class= '' wikitable ''
! scope= '' col '' | Exit
! scope= '' col '' | Destinations
! scope= '' col '' | Notes
|- style= '' background : # dff9f9 ''
| 1A
| Keppel Road , Ayer Rajah Expressway
| Expressway continues as Ayer Rajah Expressway
|- style= '' background : # ffdddd ''
| 1B
| Shenton Way , Maxwell Road
| Westbound exit and eastbound entrance only
|-
| 2
| Central Boulevard , Marina Coastal Drive , Marina Gardens Drive , Rochor Road
| Signed as Exit 3 westbound
|- style= '' background : # dff9f9 ''
| 5
| Fort Road , East Coast Parkway ( Changi Airport ) , Kallang–Paya Lebar Expressway
| Expressway continues as Kallang–Paya Lebar Expressway
History
Plans to extend the KPE to join the AYE began on 9 March 2006 to relieve congestion of the East Coast Parkway , and would be called Marina Coastal Expressway . Feasibility studies were conducted for the new expressway , and then Transport Minister Raymond Lim later announced on 27 July 2007 that approval had been given for the construction of a new 5 km long Marina Coastal Expressway ( MCE ) at a cost of $ 2.5 billion . The expressway , which includes Singapore 's first undersea tunnel , links the East Coast Parkway and Kallang-Paya Lebar Expressway to Marina South and Ayer Rajah Expressway and opened to traffic on 29 December 2013 .
The expressway comprises a tunnel , while the rest are at grade or depressed , with a view of the Singapore Strait . The tunnel includes a stretch that travels under the seabed , away from the Marina Barrage . This had posed particular engineering challenges in the tunnel construction as large amounts of water were let out from the barrage from time to time . At its deepest point , the expressway lies about under the seabed .
The long MCE is Singapore 's most expensive expressway . On 28 April 2009 , the Land Transport Authority revealed that it has awarded about S $ 4.1 billion worth of contracts , much more than the initial estimate of $ 2.5 billion . The construction of the MCE also required undersea dredging . More than of land was reclaimed to build the MCE . In contrast , the KPE , which is and has portions running under canals and rivers , cost only $ 1.74 billion .
After the MCE was opened , the segment of the ECP between Central Boulevard and Benjamin Sheares Bridge was downgraded to become Sheares Avenue . The segment of the ECP between the AYE and Central Boulevard was permanently demolished .
The first few days of operations was plagued by heavy traffic congestion due to drivers ' unfamiliarity with the expressway as well as connections with other roads and expressways . There was reportedly heavier than usual traffic , compared to using the old route via ECP , on 29 December 2013 , the first day the MCE opened . The situation was exacerbated on the next day with the Monday morning peak hour traffic . However , the majority of drivers are aware of the road changes .
On 28 September 2014 , with the road changes in Marina South area , the Prince Edward Road exit was removed and was replaced by Straits Boulevard exit with the ERP gantry being relocated from Prince Edward Road to Straits Boulevard .
References
External links
Expressways in Singapore
Road tunnels in Singapore
Kallang
Downtown Core ( Singapore )
Marina East
Marina South
Straits View
Articles containing video clips
2013 establishments in Singapore
Lesson 's seedeater ( Sporophila bouvronides ) is a bird species in the family Thraupidae ( formerly in Emberizidae ) .
It is found in Bolivia , Brazil , Colombia , Ecuador , French Guiana , Guyana , Panama , Peru , Suriname , Trinidad and Tobago , and Venezuela . Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist shrubland and heavily degraded former forest .
Description
The Lesson 's seedeater is a small , sparrow-like bird around 10.5-11cm . Males have a mostly black head with large white whisker mark ; females have an olive-brown back and pale yellowish belly with a dull yellow bill .
Behavior and Ecology
Most of Lesson 's seedeaters are found in open marshlands and disturbed habitats with long grass , especially near water and are at times seen in flocks , feeding on grass seeds . Their natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist shrubland and heavily degraded former forest . Most are similar to lined seedeaters , but male Lesson 's lacks a white stripe on its crown while females of the two species are identical and not safely identified unless accompanied by males . Females are best told from other seedeaters ( except lined seedeaters ) by strong yellowish wash on underparts and relatively small , dull yellow bill .
References
Lesson 's seedeater
Birds of Colombia
Birds of Venezuela
Birds of Trinidad and Tobago
Birds of the Guianas
Lesson 's seedeater
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Operation Avalanche was a four-week U.S.-led aggression in December 2003 designed to disrupt a resurgence in insurgent activity in the southeastern territory of Afghanistan and to establish conditions for the provision of humanitarian aid . Described by the U.S. government as the biggest ground operation in Afghanistan since the fall of the Taliban in late 2001 , the offensive led to the capture of more than 100 suspects and the deaths of 10 . Two soldiers from the US backed Afghan National Army were killed . The operation was marred by the accidental killings of 15 children in raids on suspected insurgents .
The operation involved 2,000 U.S. soldiers supported by Western backed Afghan troops , but failed to engage any Taliban or allied insurgents .
Patrols were conducted and caves searched over a 40 square mile ( 100 km² ) area . Little of note was discovered in the caves .
References
External links
In Afghanistan , US forces launch `` Operation Avalanche ''
Military operations of the War in Afghanistan ( 2001–2021 ) involving the United States
Military operations of the War in Afghanistan ( 2001–2021 )
Leo Frederick Rayfiel ( March 22 , 1888 – November 18 , 1978 ) was a United States representative from New York and a United States district judge of the United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York .
Education and career
Born in New York City , New York , Rayfiel received a Bachelor of Laws from New York University School of Law in 1908 . He read law in 1918 . He was in private practice of law in Brooklyn , New York from 1918 to 1945 . He was a member of the New York State Assembly from 1939 to 1944 . He was a United States representative from New York from 1945 to 1947 .
Congressional service
Rayfiel was elected as a Democrat to the 79th United States Congress , reelected to the 80th United States Congress and served from January 3 , 1945 , until his resignation on September 13 , 1947 , to accept a federal judgeship .
Federal judicial service
Rayfiel was nominated by President Harry S. Truman on June 30 , 1947 , to a seat on the United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York vacated by Judge Grover M. Moscowitz . He was confirmed by the United States Senate on July 23 , 1947 , and received his commission on July 30 , 1947 . He assumed senior status on March 4 , 1966 . His service was terminated on November 18 , 1978 , due to his death in Wayne , New Jersey . He was interred in Wellwood Cemetery in West Babylon , New York .
Family
Screenwriter David Rayfiel ( 1923–2011 ) was his son .
See also
List of Jewish members of the United States Congress
List of Jewish American jurists
References
Sources
External links
1888 births
1978 deaths
20th-century American politicians
20th-century American judges
New York University School of Law alumni
Members of the New York State Assembly
Judges of the United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York
United States district court judges appointed by Harry S. Truman
Jewish members of the United States House of Representatives
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from New York ( state )
Burials at Wellwood Cemetery
Alfred Alvarez ( 5 August 1929 – 23 September 2019 ) was an English poet , novelist , essayist and critic who published under the name A. Alvarez and Al Alvarez .
Background
Alfred Alvarez was born in London , to an Ashkenazic Jewish mother and a father from a Sephardic Jewish family . He was educated at The Hall School in Hampstead , London , and then Oundle School and Corpus Christi College , Oxford , where he took a First in English . He was subsequently elected as a Jane Eliza Procter Visiting Fellow at Princeton University . After teaching briefly in Oxford and the United States , he became a full-time writer in his late twenties . From 1956 to 1966 , he was the poetry editor and critic for The Observer , where he introduced British readers to John Berryman , Robert Lowell , Sylvia Plath , Zbigniew Herbert , and Miroslav Holub .
Alvarez was the author of many non-fiction books . His renowned study of suicide , The Savage God , gained added resonance from his friendship with Plath . He also wrote on divorce ( Life After Marriage ) , dreams ( Night ) , and the oil industry ( Offshore ) , as well as his hobbies of poker ( The Biggest Game In Town ) and mountaineering ( Feeding the Rat , a profile of his frequent climbing partner Mo Anthoine ) . His 1999 autobiography is entitled Where Did It All Go Right ?
His 1962 poetry anthology The New Poetry was hailed at the time as a fresh departure . It championed the American style , in relation to the perceived excessive 'gentility ' of British poetry of the time . In 2010 , he was awarded the Benson Medal by the Royal Society of Literature .
Film and TV
In July 1989 Alvarez made an extended appearance on the Channel 4 discussion programme After Dark to discuss gambling alongside , among others , Victor Lownes and David Berglas . Alvarez was portrayed by Jared Harris in the 2003 film Sylvia , which chronicles the troubled relationship between Plath and her husband Ted Hughes .
Death
He died at the age of 90 from viral pneumonia . He was survived by his second wife , Anne , and by their children , Luke and Kate . Another son , Adam , from his first marriage , with Frieda Lawrence 's granddaughter , Ursula Barr , predeceased him . He is buried in Hampstead Cemetery .
Legacy
In 1990 the British Library acquired Alvarez 's archive consisting of correspondence , and papers relating to his poetry , prose publications and scripts for stage , film , radio and television .
Selected works
The Shaping Spirit ( 1958 )
The School of Donne ( 1961 )
The New Poetry ( 1962 )
Under Pressure ( 1965 )
Beyond All This Fiddle ( 1968 )
The Savage God ( 1972 )
Beckett ( Fontana Modern Masters , 1973 )
Hers ( 1974 )
Hunt ( 1979 )
Life After Marriage ( 1982 )
The Biggest Game in Town ( 1983 )
Feeding the Rat ( 1988 )
Day of Atonement ( 1991 )
Night ( 1995 )
Where Did It All Go Right ? ( 1999 )
Poker : Bets , Bluffs , and Bad Beats ( 2001 )
New & Selected Poems ( 2002 )
The Writer 's Voice ( 2005 )
Risky Business ( 2007 )
Pondlife ( 2013 )
See also
Confessional poetry
References
External links
Book Review of 'The Biggest Game In Town '
1929 births
2019 deaths
English non-fiction writers
English autobiographers
People educated at The Hall School , Hampstead
People educated at Oundle School
Alumni of Corpus Christi College , Oxford
English literary critics
Writers from London
20th-century English poets
21st-century British poets
21st-century English male writers
English male poets
English Jewish writers
20th-century English male writers
Deaths from pneumonia in the United Kingdom
The Tarikh i Yamini , or Kitab i Yamini , written in Arabic in an embellished , flowery rhetorical rhymed prose , is a history of the reigns of Sebuktigin and Mahmud .
Written by the historian Abu Nasr Muhammad ibn Muhammad al Jabbaru-l 'Utbi ( or al-Utbi ) . His work comprises the whole of the reign of Sebuktigin , and part of that of Mahmud , down to the year 410 Hijra ( 1020 AD ) . The Tarikh Yamini also contains information chronicling Sultan Mahmud 's expeditions as well as the end of the Samanid Empire . Al-Utbi , being Mahmud 's secretary , did not accompany the sultan , therefore his topography is deficient and his writing style consists of an explicit orthodox nature . He also states that he intentionally suppressed many events , unnatural or strange that he found skeptical that did not fit the objectives he had set down in the preface .
Content
The Tarikh Yamini starts in 965 CE , but the Samanids are not mentioned until Nuh ibn Mansur 's reign in 976 , while it goes into detail about the Buyids prior to 983 . During the Qarakhanid invasion of the Samanid kingdom in 991 , the Tarikh Yamini states that the Samanid governor Fa'iq , son of Simjurid Abu ' l-Hasan Simjuri , invited Hasan b. Sulayman { Bughra Khan } to invade Bukhara .
Al-Utbi gives contradictory information owing to the names and number of Farighunid rulers . Specifically never naming , Abu ' l Haret Muhammad , the second Farighunid ruler .
Al-Utbi states when Sebuktigin defeated Jayapala in 988 , the Afghans and Khaljis of the territory he conquered between Lamghan and Peshawar surrendered and agreed to serve him . Iqtidar Husain Siddiqui citing the 13th century Persian translation , claims that Al-Utbi mentions the `` Afghans '' were pagans given to rapine and rapacity , they were defeated and converted to Islam .
Though , plagued by incorrect dates and incorrect topography , the Tarikh Yamini does contain valuable information concerning Sultan Mahmud 's invasions of India .
On Mahmud 's 12th expedition to India in 1018–1019 , the Tarikh i Yamini states , he brought back so many slaves that , `` merchants came from distant cities to purchase them , so that the countries Ma wara ' an nahr ( central Asia ) , Iraq and Khurasan were filled with them , and the fair and the dark , the rich and the poor , mingled in one common slavery . `` .
Early translations
The 13th century Persian translation of the Tarikh i Yamini , by Jurbadqani , takes many liberties and introduces images not found in the original and can be considered an independent work of art ; however , it is a fairly reliable copy of the narrative .
Modern era
The Tarikh i Yamini was translated from Persian into English in 1858 by James Reynolds under the title , Kitab-i-Yamini .
References
Sources
History books about Afghanistan
History of the Turkic peoples
History books about India
History books about Pakistan
Ghaznavid Empire
Arabic literature
Historiography of India
Ida County is a county located in the U.S. state of Iowa . As of the 2020 census the population was 7,005 , making it the state 's eighth-least populous county . The county seat is Ida Grove . The county was authorized by the Iowa Legislature in January 1851 as a packet of projected counties in unorganized territory of western Iowa . It was named after Ida Smith , the first child of European immigrants to be born in this region .
History
The Iowa Legislature authorized the formation of 49 counties in previously–unregulated western Iowa on January 15 , 1851 . This date is usually cited as the date of formation of Ida County ; however , as there were no inhabitants of that area , no action was taken to form a county government .
On January 12 , 1853 , the Legislature authorized creation of Woodbury County , and included the proviso that the area of Ida County be included with Woodbury for revenue , election , and judicial purposes . In 1853 there were still no settlers in Ida County 's lands .
The county 's first permanent settlers ( Comstock and Moorehead ) arrived in 1856 . In 1858 the county government was organized , with John Moorehead appointed County Judge . There were about 40 county residents at that time .
The county 's only postoffice , as well as the first courthouse , was operated from Judge Moorehead 's house .
The county 's first dedicated school building was raised in 1861 .
The county 's first newspaper , Ida County Pioneer , was started in 1872 . The first bank opened in 1876 . Railroads arrived in Ida County in 1877 , when the Maple Valley branch of the Chicago & North Western Railway was built . This resulted in a flood of settlers , and within five years , nearly all the available land had been purchased .
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 0.1 % ) is water .
Major highways
U.S. Highway 20 – runs east–west through the northern part of the county , passing Holstein .
U.S. Highway 59 – runs generally north–south through the center of the county , passing Ida Grove . Its exit at south county line is five miles east of its entry point on north county line .
Iowa Highway 31 – cuts across the northwestern tip of Ida County , running southwest from Cherokee County to Woodbury County .
Iowa Highway 175 – runs east–west through the southern part of the county , passing Ida Grove .
Adjacent counties
Cherokee County ( north )
Sac County ( east )
Crawford County ( south )
Woodbury County ( west )
Demographics
2020 census
The 2020 census recorded a population of 7,005 in the county , with a population density of . 97.32 % of the population reported being of one race . 91.46 % were non-Hispanic White , 0.44 % were Black , 3.64 % were Hispanic , 0.06 % were Native American , 0.31 % were Asian , 0.16 % were Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander and 3.93 % were some other race or more than one race . There were 3,352 housing units , of which 2,940 were occupied .
2010 census
The 2010 census recorded a population of 7,089 in the county , with a population density of . There were 3,426 housing units , of which 3,052 were occupied .
2000 census
As of the census of 2000 , there were 7,837 people , 3,213 households , and 2,184 families residing in the county . The population density was 18 people per square mile ( 7/km2 ) . There were 3,506 housing units at an average density of 8 per square mile ( 3/km2 ) . The racial makeup of the county was 99.02 % White , 0.10 % Black or African American , 0.06 % Native American , 0.24 % Asian , 0.15 % from other races , and 0.42 % from two or more races . 0.47 % of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race .
There were 3,213 households , out of which 29.40 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 59.50 % were married couples living together , 5.90 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 32.00 % were non-families . 29.30 % of all households were made up of individuals , and 15.90 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older . The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 2.95 .
In the county , the population was spread out , with 25.50 % under the age of 18 , 6.10 % from 18 to 24 , 24.00 % from 25 to 44 , 22.70 % from 45 to 64 , and 21.80 % who were 65 years of age or older . The median age was 42 years . For every 100 females there were 93.90 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 91.40 males .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 34,805 , and the median income for a family was $ 43,179 . Males had a median income of $ 29,002 versus $ 19,417 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 18,675 . About 5.70 % of families and 8.80 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 9.10 % of those under age 18 and 8.60 % of those age 65 or over .
Communities
Cities
Arthur
Battle Creek
Galva
Holstein
Ida Grove
Unincorporated communities
Townships
Battle
Blaine
Corwin
Douglas
Galva
Garfield
Grant
Griggs
Hayes
Logan
Maple
Silver Creek
Population ranking
The population ranking of the following table is based on the 2020 census of Ida County .
† county seat
Politics
Education
School districts include :
Denison Community School District
Galva-Holstein Community School District
Maple Valley-Anthon Oto Community School District
Odebolt Arthur Battle Creek Ida Grove Community School District
River Valley Community School District
Schaller-Crestland Community School District
Schleswig Community School District
Former school districts :
Battle Creek-Ida Grove Community School District
Maple Valley Community School District
Odebolt-Arthur Community School District
See also
Ida County Courthouse
National Register of Historic Places listings in Ida County , Iowa
Waveland Round Barn , listed on the National Register of Historic Places
References
External links
Ida County - County Officials
Ida County Economic Development
Ida County Sheriff
1851 establishments in Iowa
Populated places established in 1851
Box Canyon is a box canyon in Ouray County , Colorado , United States . It was founded as a mining camp and helped the city of Ouray establish itself as a permanent community . Box Canyon is home to Box Canyon Falls , a waterfall , with quartzite walls that extend almost one hundred feet past the falls . Access to the canyon is through a short , foot trail to the base of the falls or a steep trail leading to the top of the falls . A fee is required to use the trails to the canyon .
References
Canyons and gorges of Colorado
Landforms of Ouray County , Colorado
Novoilikovo ( ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) in Kileyevsky Selsoviet , Bakalinsky District , Bashkortostan , Russia . The population was 369 as of 2010 . There are 4 streets .
Geography
Novoilikovo is located 21 km north of Bakaly ( the district 's administrative centre ) by road . Syngryanovo is the nearest rural locality .
References
Rural localities in Bakalinsky District
Juan Pablo Passaglia ( born 24 May 1989 ) is an Argentine professional footballer who plays as midfielder for Chindia Târgoviște .
Honours
Juventud Unida Universitario
Torneo Federal A : 2015
CA Barracas Central
Primera B Metropolitana : 2018–19
References
External links
1989 births
Living people
Footballers from Rosario , Santa Fe
Argentine people of Italian descent
Argentine footballers
Association football midfielders
Argentine expatriate footballers
Defensores de Belgrano footballers
San Martín de San Juan footballers
Racing Club de Avellaneda footballers
Club Atlético River Plate footballers
Deportes La Serena footballers
Universidad de Chile footballers
Chilean Primera División players
Liga I players
FC Politehnica Iași ( 2010 ) players
FC UTA Arad players
AFC Chindia Târgoviște players
Expatriate footballers in Chile
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in Chile
Expatriate footballers in Spain
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in Spain
Expatriate footballers in Romania
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in Romania
Tokheho Yepthomi ( born 1 April 1956 ) is an Indian politician from Nagaland . He is a former Cabinet Minister of Nagaland and currently Member of Parliament , Lok Sabha for Nagaland .
Early life and personal life
Tokheho Yepthomi was born and raised in Aghunato , Nagaland . He graduated from St. Edmund 's College , Shillong and was an active student leader in his college days . He served as the President of Eastern Sumi Students Union before joining active politics as a member of the India National youth Congress . Prior to seeking election he was involved in the timber trade during the peak timber business period of Nagaland in the 1980s .
Political career
Tokheho Yepthomi has been elected to the Nagaland Legislative Assembly for 5 terms from 1993 to 2018 . He has served as a cabinet minister for Transport and Communication , Public Health Engineering Department and Public Works Department from 1995 to 2008 under former Chief Ministers S C Jamir and Neiphiu Rio .
He served as the Congress Legislature Party Leader and Leader of Opposition in the state assembly from 2010 to 2015 .. While in opposition , he led a campaign for the dismissal of the then state Education Minister , Nyeiwang Konyak who was allegedly involved in financial irregularities of INR 5,000,000 in the department . He appealed to then Nagaland state governor Nikhil Kumar to accord sanction for prosecution under the Prevention of Corruption Act .
As T. R. Zeliang reshuffled and expanded his cabinet , Yepthomi joined was sworn as a cabinet minister while still being part of the Indian National Congress to form a government with no opposition in the state legislature . He was allotted the portfolio of Public Health Engineering , School Education and Parliament Affairs in May 2015 .
After joining the newly formed Nationalist Democratic Progressive Party ( NDPP ) , Yepthomi was selected as the consensus candidate for the People 's Democratic Alliance ( PDA ) to contest for By-election to the lone Lok Sabha seat from Nagaland in 2018 . The seat was vacated by Neiphiu Rio to become the Chief Minister of Nagaland . He was again selected as the consensus candidate for the PDA in the 2019 General Elections . In the closest election in recent history , Yepthomi won a second term in Lok Sabha by a margin of around 16344 votes .
References
http : //www.kuknalim.com/modules.php ? name=News & file=article & sid=5126
http : //www.ptinews.com/news/468101_Nagaland-Congress-gets-new-president -- CLP-leader
http : //www.thestatesman.com/news/opinion/-team-nagaland/63898.html
https : //www.news18.com/news/politics/nagaland-election-results-2019-live-updates-winner-loser-leading-trailing-2155035.html
1956 births
Indian National Congress politicians from Nagaland
Living people
People from Zunheboto district
Nagaland MLAs 2013–2018
Leaders of the Opposition of Nagaland
Nagaland MLAs 1993–1998
Nagaland MLAs 1998–2003
Nagaland MLAs 2003–2008
India MPs 2019–present
Nationalist Democratic Progressive Party politicians
Flight of Refugees Across Wrecked Bridge in Korea is a Pulitzer Prize-winning photograph by Associated Press photographer Max Desfor , taken on December 4 , 1950 , at a destroyed bridge over the Taedong River near Pyongyang , North Korea . Desfor was covering the Korean War at the time .
Background
During the Korean War , the Battle of Inchon turned the tide against the Korean People 's Army ( NKPA ) for the Americans who were fighting under the United Nations Command . The U.S. Eighth Army , which made up most of the United Nations forces , then raced to the Chinese border but were defeated in the Battle of the Ch'ongch'on River after the entry of large numbers of Chinese troops on the North Korean side . United Nations forces were sent in retreat back down the Korean peninsula , and the retreat was the longest in U.S. military history .
Taking the photo
Desfor , a photographer for the Associated Press , was travelling with the front line troops and even took part in a parachute jump with the 187th Infantry Regiment . After American troops started fleeing south , Desfor was able to commandeer a Jeep with two other reporters and an army signal corpsman headed south . They crossed the Taedong River at a United Nations pontoon bridge . While driving along the river 's southern shore they observed Korean refugees crossing the river on foot where it was iced over , and using small boats where the river was open . Further down the southern shore they came across a destroyed bridge where they saw thousands of Koreans trying to cross the shattered girders of the bridge . It was December 4 , 1950 , at the beginning of winter , and Desfor had trouble working his camera because of the freezing temperatures .
Desfor 's 2010 visit to Korea
In June 2010 , Desfor returned to Korea for the 60th anniversary of the war and he shared some of his thoughts . `` I ask anyone who 'll listen – why do they celebrate the start of the war ? They celebrate the start , of course , because it 's never ending – it 's still going on . '' Desfor also talked about his time on the front line with the troops and , while proud of his Pulitzer Prize-winning photograph , believes that he took better photos during the war . Regarding the war itself he says , `` The Korean War is labelled 'the Forgotten War ' , and the main reason is [ American GIs ] never got a parade when they got back , they never got relief , they never were cited for their effort for the work that was done . They were just completely forgotten . ''
See also
1951 Pulitzer Prize
Bibliography
Notes
References
- Total pages : 1136
- Total pages : 276
- Total pages : 225
1950 in the United States
1950 works
1950 in art
Black-and-white photographs
Korean War photographs
Pulitzer Prize-winning photographs
1950 in North Korea
Associated Press
Works about bridges
1950s photographs
The sooty babbler ( Stachyris herberti ) is a species of bird in the family Timaliidae . It is found in Laos and Vietnam . Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest . It is threatened by habitat loss .
References
Collar , N. J . & Robson , C. 2007 . Family Timaliidae ( Babblers ) pp . 70 – 291 in ; del Hoyo , J. , Elliott , A . & Christie , D.A . eds . Handbook of the Birds of the World , Vol . 12 . Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees . Lynx Edicions , Barcelona .
sooty babbler
Birds of Laos
Birds of Vietnam
sooty babbler
sooty babbler
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Dayton Outpatient Center Stadium ( DOC Stadium ) is a 3,500 seat artificial turf stadia located in West Carrollton , Ohio , on the campus of West Carrollton High School .
The Dayton Dutch Lions partnered with West Carrollton City Schools and Dr. Suresh Gupta of the Dayton Outpatient Center to install a new playing surface in the West Carrollton High School Stadium as part of a 30-year deal . The original stadium was renamed to the Dayton Outpatient Center Stadium in recognition of the significant investment made by Dayton Outpatient Center .
Renovations started on March 10 , 2014 , and were completed with a ribbon-cutting ceremony on May 9 , 2014 . The Motz Group , a Cincinnati-based company that specializes in building playing fields , replaced the existing grass field with artificial turf at a cost of $ 450,000 to $ 475,000 . The combined costs for the renovations to the stadium and installation of lights on practice fields are estimated at $ 529,000 .
DOC Stadium was officially opened on May 10 , 2014 , with a United Soccer League soccer game that saw the Dayton Dutch Lions tie the LA Galaxy II , 1–1 with a record attendance of 1,527 .
References
External links
West Carrollton City Schools
Dayton Outpatient Center
Dayton Dutch Lions
Soccer venues in Ohio
Sports venues in Dayton , Ohio
Survivor : Überwinde . Überliste . Überlebe ! ( Survivor : Overcome . Outsmart . Survive ! ) is the first season of the German version of the reality television series Survivor . It was broadcast by the Prosieben network in 2007 and hosted by Sascha Kalupke . The prize for the winner was €250,000 .
From its premiere , the show struggled to gain an audience comparable to the previous seasons . After the second week , the ratings dropped significantly and the show was relegated to an early morning timeslot . Volker Kreuzner , the oldest participant of the season , won by becoming sole survivor . Kreuzner wrote and published the book Crusoe 2.0 - Survivor Malaysia . Abgerechnet wird am Ende about his survivor adventures .
Format
A group of eighteen contestants were marooned on a desert island for 50 days and split into two tribes : Gunung and Tasik . For the first half of the game , the two tribes competed against each other in reward and immunity challenges . The tribe that won the reward challenge received a special treat that made their life on the island more comfortable . The tribe that won the immunity challenge was completely safe from any eliminations for three days .
Meanwhile , the tribe that lost the immunity challenge was forced to vote one of their own members off the island , eliminating them from the competition . Contestants were free to discuss how they wished to vote , and many alliances were made and broken as the series progressed .
After the first half of the game , the remaining members of the two tribes merged into a single tribe . They then competed in reward and immunity challenges on an individual basis . After the tribal merger , every contestant who was eliminated would join a jury that decided which of the two finalists won the €250,000 prize .
Contestants
Season summary
Voting history
Notes
References
External links
Official Website ( Archive )
Germany
2007 German television seasons
Avatha novoguineana is a species of moth of the family Erebidae . It is found on New Guinea and Cape York , Australia .
The wingspan is about 40 mm .
References
External links
Australian Caterpillars
Moths described in 1906
Avatha
Moths of New Guinea
Moths of Australia
Manuel Jocson is a Filipino former basketball player .
Jocson represented the Philippines in five international tournaments : the fourth Asian Games in Jakarta in 1962 , Second Asian Basketball Confederation championships in Taipei in 1963 ; the 1964 World Olympics in Tokyo ; Third ABC championship in Kuala Lumpur in 1965 ; and sixth Asian Games in Bangkok in 1970 .
He started his schooling at the Calderon Elementary in Tondo and finish his elementary studies in 1954 and high school at the Arellano High in 1958 . Jocson played his first collegiate stint with the University of Santo Tomas in 1959 and powered his team to the UAAP championship . In 1960 , he joined FEU and easily made the star-studded Tamaraw quintet composed of Arturo Valenzona , Boy Arazas , Romy Diaz and Oscar Lopez .
In 1961 , Jocson was drafted by Ysmael Steel Admirals where he played for seven years , his most memorable moment came in the 1965 MICAA finals between the defending champions Admirals and Crispa Redmanizers , with a few seconds remaining and Crispa ahead by one point , Jocson was able to intercept the ball and connected with the winning basket . When Baby Ysmael disbanded the Admirals in 1968 , Jocson transferred to Puyat Steel the following year , he joined Crispa in 1970 and was the team captain when the Redmanizers won their first MICAA title after 13 years of waiting . Jocson played his final two seasons with Concepcion Industries .
References
External links
Manuel Jocson @ FIBA archive
Living people
Asian Games medalists in basketball
Basketball players at the 1962 Asian Games
Philippines men 's national basketball team players
Filipino men 's basketball players
UST Growling Tigers men 's basketball players
Far Eastern University alumni
Asian Games gold medalists for the Philippines
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Medalists at the 1962 Asian Games
Jirya ( , also Romanized as Jīryā , Gīryā ( local name ) , ) is a village in Saruq Rural District , Saruq District , Farahan County , Markazi Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 2,841 , in 746 families .
References
Populated places in Farahan County
Krachtsportgebouw ( , `` strength sport building '' ) was a multi-purpose sports arena located in Amsterdam , Netherlands . Known during the 1928 Summer Olympics as the Wrestling Pavilion , it hosted the wrestling , boxing , and weightlifting events .
Krachtsportgebouw was designed by architect Jan Wils . It could accommodate 2,840 people seated and 1,794 standing and included a shower , 15 dressing rooms , and an administrative office .
References
1928 Summer Olympic official report . pp . 200–1 , 205 .
Venues of the 1928 Summer Olympics
Olympic boxing venues
Olympic weightlifting venues
Olympic wrestling venues
Sports venues in Amsterdam
Google Contacts is a contact management service developed by Google . It is available as an Android mobile app , a web app , or on the sidebar of Gmail as part of Google Workspace .
History
Google Contacts originated as the built-in contacts manager in Gmail , which was introduced in as early as 2007 . It was later released as an Android app for Nexus devices in 2010 , before it became available for all Android phones in 2015 . A standalone web application was released the same year , featuring a revamped user interface . It returned to Gmail in the form of a sidebar in 2020 as part of Google Workspace .
Interpolation
The service can also be synchronized with Apple 's Contacts app on iOS and Samsung 's Contacts app on Galaxy . It could also be synced with Google Sync before that service was discontinued .
Reception
In 2011 , with the introduction of higher-density screens and larger internal memories on Android devices , Google Contacts was heavily criticized for only supporting lower-resolution photos in Android Jelly Bean . This limitation was lifted the following year .
See also
List of personal information managers
People ( Microsoft service )
References
External links
Contacts
Computer-related introductions in 2007
Computer-related introductions in 2015
Adheritus , born in Greece , became Bishop of Ravenna and successor of Saint Apollinaris . His remains are venerated in the Benedictine Basilica of Sant'Apollinare in Classe near Ravenna , Italy .
Notes
Saints from Roman Greece
2nd-century Christian saints
2nd-century Italian bishops
Bishops of Ravenna
Saia Maior also known as Saia Maggiore was a Roman era civitas of the Roman province of Africa Proconsularis .
The ancient city is tentatively identified with ruins at Henchir-Simidia , Tunisia
The city was also the seat of an ancient bishopric ,
suffragan of the Archdiocese of Carthage . Only two documented bishops Saia Maggiore are known . The Catholic Donato intervened at the Council of Carthage ( 411 ) , at that time the seat had no Donatist bishops .
Another bishop named Donato has lived at the time of Pope Leo I , and is mentioned in his letters . Today Saia Major survives as a titular bishopric and the current bishop is Antonio Bonifacio Reimann Panic .
References
Former populated places in Tunisia
Catholic titular sees in Africa
Roman towns and cities in Africa ( Roman province )
Still the King : Celebrating the Music of Bob Wills and His Texas Playboys is a tribute album by American country group Asleep at the Wheel in memory of Bob Wills and the Texas Playboys . It was released in March 2015 under Proper Records .
Track listing
Commercial performance
The album debuted on the Top Country Albums chart at No . 14 and No . 187 on the Billboard 200 , selling 3,900 for the week in the US . It rose to No . 11 on the Top Country Albums chart in its third week , selling 8,600 in three weeks . The album has sold 24,600 copies in the US as of August 2015 .
Charts
References
2015 compilation albums
Asleep at the Wheel albums
Proper Records compilation albums
Bob Wills tribute albums
The Maria Skłodowska-Curie Museum ( ) is a museum in Warsaw , Poland , devoted to the life and work of Polish two-time Nobel laureate Maria Skłodowska-Curie ( 1867–1934 ) , who discovered polonium and radium . The Maria Skłodowska-Curie Museum is a cultural institution of The City of Warsaw co-organized by the Polish Chemical Society . It carries out educational and cultural projects related to the Nobel laureate and her family .
The museum is located at 16 Freta Street ( ulica Freta 16 ) in Warsaw 's `` New Town '' district ( dating from the 15th century ) , and is housed in the 18th-century tenement house in which Maria Skłodowska was born .
Due to renovation , in December 2014 the museum was temporarily moved to 5 Freta Street .
History
The Maria Skłodowska-Curie Museum was established in 1967 , by the Polish Chemical Society , on the centenary of the birth of the physicist-chemist . Participants in the museum 's inauguration included the younger daughter and biographer of Maria Skłodowska-Curie , Eve Curie Labouisse ; Eve 's husband , the American politician and diplomat Henry Richardson Labouisse Jr. ; and nine Nobel Prize winners .
The museum is housed in an 18th-century apartment building ( the Łyszkiewicz apartment building ) at Freta Street ( ) 16 in Warsaw 's `` New Town '' . The building has been rebuilt several times . After Maria Skłodowska-Curie 's death in 1934 , a plaque was attached to the building , commemorating her birth there and her epochal scientific discoveries . During the 1944 Warsaw Uprising the building was deliberately demolished by the German forces , but the plaque survived and was put back after the building was rebuilt after World War II .
Collections
The museum is biographical in character , with permanent exhibits and periodic special exhibits . The holdings include photographs , letters , documents , the scientist 's personal effects , comments by Maria and her husband Pierre Curie and others about her and her work and discoveries , and films in Polish , English and French about her and about physics and chemistry .
Prominently illustrated are Skłodowska-Curie 's work in France and her involvement in scientific organizations and in the founding of the Paris and Warsaw Radium Institutes .
The museum endeavors to stimulate and support the interest of scholars , students and the general public in the life and achievements of Maria Skłodowska-Curie .
The museum is open Tuesday through Sunday , and closed on Mondays and Polish national holidays . Information may be obtained by email at muzeum.msc @ neostrada.pl .
See also
Warsaw Radium Institute
Curie Institute ( Paris )
Notes
References
Małgorzata Sobieszczak-Marciniak , Maria Skłodowska-Curie Museum , Warsaw , Polish Chemical Society .
140 rocznica urodzin Marii Skłodowskiej-Curie ; 75-lecie powstania Instytutu Radowego w Warszawie ; 40-lecie Muzeum Marii Skłodowskiej-Curie w Warszawie : Materiały z konferencji , 15-16 października 2007 , Pałac Staszica ( 140th Anniversary of the Birth of Maria Skłodowska-Curie ; 75th Anniversary of the Warsaw Radium Institute ; 40th Anniversary of the Maria Skłodowska-Curie Museum in Warsaw : Materials of Conference , Staszic Palace , 15–16 October 2007 ) .
External links
Marie Curie
Curie Museum
Curie Museum
Curie Museum
Curie Museum
Curie , Marie
Museums established in 1967
1967 establishments in Poland
History of women in Poland
Tatamagouche Centre is a non-profit educational , conference and retreat centre located in the village of Tatamagouche , Nova Scotia . Tatamagouche Centre holds international recognition for its adult education and facilitation training and programming . Tatamagouche Centre is a registered charity and one of four education and retreat centres of the United Church of Canada . It is operated under the direction of a volunteer board ( community council ) . Tatamagouche Centre has approximately twenty staff .
History
Tatamagouche Centre is located near Tatamagouche Bay , at the junction of the French and Waugh Rivers and beside the Trans Canada Trail . The area is connected to both the Mi'kmaq First Nations and the Acadians . Tatamagouche Centre has served as a meeting space to discuss such topics as spirituality , leadership , and social justice . The Centre held winter sessions in the 1950s and 1960s . In the 1960s it concentrated more on human relations . More recently it has undertaken partnerships with First Nations Communities and organizations such as the Guatemala Breaking the Silence Network .
Services Offered
There are approximately 60 programs offered each year at Tatamagouche Centre . Programs are offered concerning themes surrounding social justice , arts , music and creativity , faith and spirit , leadership development and youth and family . Personal and group retreats are also available . Tatamagouche Centre also offers space for meetings , conferences and special events .
Lodging
The Centre has six residences , allowing accommodation of 65 guests . The six residences include Andrew House , Campbell House , Creighton House , Reid House , Saswasig Lodge and Stevens House . Several residences are wheelchair accessible .
Partnerships
Tatamagouche Centre works with several organizations , including the Atlantic Jubilee Program , Breaking the Silence Guatemala , Atlantic Regional Solidarity Network , Common Life Community , Aboriginal Peace and Friendship , and Black Leadership Advisory Committee .
References
Buildings and structures in Colchester County
Tatamagouche
United Church of Canada
Richard Holmes ( earlier spelled Richard Homes ) ( b . 1704 ) was a founding settler of Norwalk , Connecticut .
Holmes was born about 1633 , in York , England , the son of Francis Holmes and his first wife , whose name is unknown . Francis married a woman named Ann , and came to America with her prior to 1634 . They originally settled in Watertown , Massachusetts . In 1636 , Francis and Ann moved from Watertown to Wethersfield , Connecticut Colony . In 1657 , Francis and Ann with their four children moved from Wethersfield to Stamford , Connecticut . He was one of the earliest settlers in Stamford .
Richard Holmes bought his Norwalk lot on 12 October 1657 , from Alexander Bryan of Milford . He was the settlement 's blacksmith . He also built the settlement 's first saw mill on the Five Mile River .
He is listed on the Founders Stone bearing the names of the founding settlers of Norwalk in the East Norwalk Historical Cemetery .
References
1633 births
1704 deaths
American blacksmiths
American Puritans
Founding settlers of Norwalk , Connecticut
People from York
People of colonial Connecticut
Old Western Rājasthāni ( also known as Maru-Gurjari , Old Gujarātī ) is the ancestor of the modern Gujarati and Rajasthani languages which developed from Sanskrit and the Prakrit Apabhraṃśas , and was spoken around 8-14 centuries in Western India . The literary form of Old Western Rājasthāni , the Dingala language was in use as early as the 12th century . While the spoken Old Western Rajasthani gave way to medieval forms of Rajasthani and Gujarati , it flourished in its literary form as Dingala till the 19th century .
Early texts of the language display characteristic features such as direct/oblique noun forms , postpositions , and auxiliary verbs . It had three genders , as Gujarati does today , and by around the time of 1300 CE , a fairly standardized form of this language emerged . The belief that modern Rajasthani sporadically expressed a neuter gender was based on the incorrect conclusion that the [ ũ ] that came to be pronounced in some areas for masculine [ o ] after a nasal consonant was analogous to Gujarati 's neuter [ ũ ] . A formal grammar , Prakrita Vyakarana , of the precursor to this language , Gurjar Apabhraṃśa , was written by Jain monk and eminent scholar Acharya Hemachandra Suri in the reign of Chaulukya king Jayasimha Siddharaja of Anhilwara ( Patan ) .
Literature
Major works were written in various genres , for the most part in verse form , such as :
rāsa , predominantly didactic narrative , of which the earliest known is Śālibhadrasūri 's Bhārateśvarabāhubali ( 1185 ) .
phāgu , in which springtime is celebrated , of which the earliest is Jinapadmasūri 's Sirithūlibadda ( c. 1335 ) . The most famous is the Vasantavilāsa , of unknown authorship , which is undeterminedly dated to somewhere in 14th or 15th century , or possibly earlier .
bārmāsī , describing natural beauty during each of the twelve months .
ākhyāna , in which sections are each in a single metre .
Narsinh Mehta ( c. 1414–1480 ) is traditionally viewed as the father of modern Gujarati poetry . By virtue of its early age and good editing , an important prose work is the 14th-century commentary of Taruṇaprabha , the Ṣaḍāvaśyakabālabodhavr̥tti .
Phonology
The retroflex lateral flap ( ḷ ) is generally absent , which is however rather common in Modern Gujarati . This may indicate that it was a later re-introduction , perhaps under the influence of Marathi with the Maratha rule .
References
Further reading
Bender , E. ( 1992 ) The Salibhadra-Dhanna-Carita : A Work in Old Gujarati Critically Edited and Translated , with a Grammatical Analysis and Glossary . American Oriental Society : New Haven , Conn .
.
Dave , T.N . ( 1935 ) A Study of the Gujarati Language in the XVth Century . The Royal Asiatic Society .
Tessitori , L.P. ( 1914–1916 ) `` Notes on the Grammar of Old Western Rajasthani . '' Indian Antiquary . 43–45 .
Cardona , George and Suthar , Babu . 2003 . Gujarati . In Cardona , George and Jain , Dhanesh ( eds . ) , The Indo-Aryan Languages , 659-697 . London : Routledge .
Gujarati language
Indo-Aryan languages
Cultural history of Gujarat
Rajasthani language
Gerald Stanley Zaleski ( born September 14 , 1932 ) was a Canadian football player who played for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats . He won the Grey Cup with them in 1957 . He played college football at Colorado State University .
References
1932 births
Hamilton Tiger-Cats players
Living people
Colorado State University alumni
Players of Canadian football from Chicago
Megalomyrmex foreli ( named after Auguste Forel ) is a Neotropical species of ants in the subfamily Myrmicinae .
Habitat and distribution
The species is known from Costa Rica south to Andean regions of Colombia , Ecuador , and northern Peru . M. foreli occurs in moist to wet forest habitats , in mature and second growth forest . It typically occurs in mountainous regions ; in Costa Rica collections are from 100 to 1200 m elevation . Workers are large , conspicuous ants that may be found foraging on the ground or on low vegetation . They are attracted to extrafloral nectaries and will tend Hemiptera for honeydew .
In Central America , M. foreli is known from Costa Rica , where it is not common . Workers can be found on the ground and low vegetation as diurnal or nocturnal foragers .
References
Myrmicinae
Insects described in 1890
Hymenoptera of South America
Hymenoptera of North America
This is a list of members of the Australian Capital Territory Legislative Assembly from 1995 to 1998 . This was the first time the three-electorate , Hare-Clark system was used to elect members of the Assembly .
ALP member Terry Connolly resigned from the Assembly on 19 February 1996 . The vacancy was filled by the ALP 's Marion Reilly .
ALP member Rosemary Follett resigned from the Assembly on 12 December 1996 . The vacancy was filled by the ALP 's Simon Corbell .
Liberal member Tony De Domenico resigned from the Assembly on 30 January 1997 . The vacancy was filled by Liberal Louise Littlewood .
See also
1995 Australian Capital Territory general election
Members of Australian Capital Territory parliaments by term
20th-century Australian politicians
Mom 's Command ( March 14 , 1982 – February 3 , 2007 ) was a multiple Grade I-winning American Thoroughbred race horse . In a two-year career , she won eleven of her sixteen races . In 1985 , she was voted American Champion Three-Year-Old Filly at the Eclipse Awards .
Background
Her breeder and owner was Peter D. Fuller of Runnymede Farm in North Hampton , New Hampshire , the son of former Massachusetts Governor Alvan T. Fuller . Fuller ( who had once been a champion boxer and wrestler at Harvard University ) bred his mare Star Mommy to the stallion Top Command ( by Bold Ruler ) , hoping to produce a foal who combined speed and stamina . The result was Mom 's Command .
The bright chestnut filly was trained by New Jersey-born Ned Allard , whose father was a professor at New York 's Juilliard School of Music . She was ridden in all but two of her races by Peter Fuller 's daughter , Abigail Fuller . At 26 years of age , she became the first woman jockey to ride the winner of a `` Triple Tiara '' event , and also the first to sweep the three races .
Racing career
1984 : two-year-old season
Mom 's Command won her first race , the ungraded Faneuil Miss Stakes , in July 1984 at New Hampshire 's Rockingham Park after going off at odds of 44-1 . After winning the Faneuil Miss , she appeared in the Grade II Astarita at Belmont Park ; she broke from the starting gate five lengths behind the field and came back from last place to win . Following the Astarita , she took the Grade I Selima Stakes by 5½ lengths .
Three of her seven starts as a two-year-old had Daily Racing Form `` trouble lines '' ( race notes ) – `` steadied at start '' ; `` poor start '' and `` off poorly '' . However , she won four of those races .
1985 : three-year-old season
As a 3-year-old , Mom 's Command dominated her competition , winning seven of her nine starts . In the Test Stakes , she finished second to another star filly , Lady 's Secret , by two lengths . She won the stakes which constitute the Filly Triple Crown – the Acorn , the Mother Goose and the Coaching Club American Oaks ( the latter by 2½ lengths ) . She preceded her Triple Crown victories with a 19-length win in the Flirtation Stakes at Pimlico Race Course and a second to the speedy Clocks Secret in the Goldfinch at Garden State Park . In the Goldfinch , she raced on a `` dead rail '' ( deep mud on the rail ) for nearly the entire distance . She returned to take the Cherry Blossom Handicap at Garden State and the Comely Stakes at Belmont Park . In the Comely , Clocks Secret finished six lengths behind Mom 's Command ; 11 lengths back was Lady 's Secret .
Following her Triple Crown , Mom 's Command then won the Grade I Alabama Stakes , leading all the way and defeating Fran 's Valentine by four lengths . Fran 's Valentine was the betting favorite , since she had won six of seven starts and her jockey was the well-known Chris McCarron ; however , the Daily Racing Form notes that Mom 's Command was `` ridden out '' ( winning easily , without additional urging ) . In 1985 , Mom 's Command won the Eclipse Award as American Champion Three-Year-Old Filly .
She was the sixth horse to win the Filly Triple Crown . Her five predecessors were Dark Mirage ( 1968 ) , Shuvee ( 1969 ) , Chris Evert ( 1974 ) , Ruffian ( 1975 ) and Davona Dale ( 1979 ) . Beside Mom 's Command , only Shuvee also won the Alabama Stakes ( which replaced the Acorn in the `` Triple Tiara '' , from 2003 to 2006 ) . The Alabama , run at Saratoga , is the filly counterpart of the Grade I Travers Stakes . Every filly who ever beat Mom 's Command was then defeated by Mom 's Command ( including Lady 's Secret , noted above ) . She won at distances ranging from five furlongs to 1½ miles . Hall of Fame jockey Angel Cordero Jr. once said to Peter Fuller : `` I love Mom 's Command and I love your daughter Abby , but I 'm sick of looking at both of their rear ends . ''
Retirement
Mom 's Command was retired on September 29 , 1985 , after she injured her ankle while training for the Rare Perfume Stakes at Belmont Park . Her career earnings were $ 902,972 . She foaled one stakes winner , Jonesboro . On February 3 , 2007 , Mom 's Command was euthanized at Runnymede Farm at age 25 , due to the infirmities of old age ; she is buried on the farm .
Honors
Mom 's Command was inducted into the racing wing of the New England Sports Hall of Fame in the summer of 2006 . She was elected to the National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame in 2007 .
Pedigree
See also
Dancer 's Image , another horse owned by Peter D. Fuller
References
Further reading
External links
Mom 's Command 's pedigree
Mom 's Command in the Hall of Fame
Saratoga 150 Feature : Mom 's Command via YouTube
Abby Fuller remembers Mom 's Command via YouTube
1982 racehorse births
2007 racehorse deaths
Thoroughbred family 5-j
Racehorses bred in Kentucky
Racehorses trained in the United States
Triple Crown of Thoroughbred Racing winners
Eclipse Award winners
United States Thoroughbred Racing Hall of Fame inductees
Nonprofit and Voluntary Sector Quarterly is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covers research on the nonprofit and voluntary sector . The journal 's editors-in-chief are Angela Bies ( University of Maryland ) , Chao Guo ( University of Pennsylvania ) , and Susan Phillips ( Carleton University ) . It was established in 1972 and is currently published by SAGE Publications on behalf of the Association for Research on Nonprofit Organizations and Voluntary Action
.
Abstracting and indexing
Nonprofit and Voluntary Sector Quarterly is abstracted and indexed in Scopus and the Social Sciences Citation Index . According to the Journal Citation Reports , its 2017 impact factor is 1.932 , ranking it 11 out of 40 journals in the category `` Social Issues '' .
References
External links
Association for Research on Nonprofit Organizations and Voluntary Action
SAGE Publishing academic journals
English-language journals
Sociology journals
Bimonthly journals
Publications established in 1972
Somogyhatvan is a village in Baranya county , Hungary .
External links
Street map
Populated places in Baranya County
LNFA 2 ( initials of Liga Nacional de Fútbol Americano 2 ) was the name of the second most important american football league in Spain , behind LNFA , and Portugal´s most important at the time .
The league was run by the Spanish Association of American Football ( Agrupación Española de Futbol Americano ( AEFA ) in Spanish language ) .
It was established in 2004 and folded in 2009 .
It was played under nine-man football rules .
History
Last season ( 2009 )
11 teams divided into two conferences competed in the league 's last season , in 2009 .
Final play-offs
External links
Agrupación Española de Fútbol Americano
European Federation of American Football
International Federation of American Football
Liga Nacional de Fútbol Americano
American football in Portugal
Sport leagues established in 2003
2003 establishments in Portugal
2003 establishments in Spain
Sport leagues disestablished in 2009
Peculator hedleyi is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Volutomitridae , the mitres .
References
Further reading
Powell A W B , New Zealand Mollusca , William Collins Publishers Ltd , Auckland , New Zealand 1979
Volutomitridae
Gastropods of New Zealand
Gastropods described in 1905
William Townshend ( c. 1745 { some sources state 1762 } – December 5 , 1816 ) was a British politician and office holder , operating mainly in the colony of Prince Edward Island . One of his duties was Acting colonial Governor of Prince Edward Island between August 5 , 1812 , and July 24 , 1813 .
Early and Private Life
Townshend 's birthplace is unknown . His father was Richard Townshend of Wrexham ( presumably Wrexham in Wales , though other evidence suggests a place in England , possibly Wexham , Buckinghamshire ) .
He married Flora Stewart ( b.1767 d.1843 ) , the daughter of Chief Justice Peter Stewart , in c. 1790 , and together they had eight children :
Cecil Wray Townshend ( 1791 – 1870 )
Lt. William James Townshend ( 1796 – 1833 )
Peter Stewart Townshend ( 1798 – 1860s )
John Dalton Townshend ( 1800 – abt.1873 )
Ester Wray Townshend ( 1802 – ? ? ? ? )
Charles James Townshend ( 1804 – abt.1833 )
Helen Diana Townshend ( ? ? ? ? – ? ? ? ? )
Canon Rev . George Townshend ( 1810 – 1895 )
Threat of Government Scandal
Much of William Townshend 's early life is unclear , up until the point when he became collector of customs and naval officer for St. John 's Island ( today known as Prince Edward Island ) . Speculation states that Townshend may have obtained the appointment because of a family connection with George Townshend , 1st Marquess Townshend , although others have said that Townshend had many connections with powerful officials in England .
Townshend arrived on the island in 1784 and was appointed to the Executive Council that December . Tension was soon built between Townshend and the island 's colonial governor , Walter Patterson , who may have been angry that Townshend 's appointment had come directly from the British Administration , Lord Sydney , the Home Secretary .
Townshend had a secure place with the government of the colony , and was soon involved in Patterson 's scheme to seize land from absentee landlords . Being a member of the council , he was present when legislation was passed on the land seizures , which had gone against the British government . A report was written and charges were brought to Townshend , as well as to many other officials .
However , Townshend had still objected to the measures of the legislation , and had resigned . When the British Privy Council concluded its report in 1789 , Townshend , who had resumed his seat in April 1787 , was reported as being innocently drawn into the affair , and was permitted to keep his job , one of only a handful in the colony to do so . Governor Patterson , however , was removed from office in late 1789 and was replaced by Edmund Fanning . ( Some sources show that Patterson was officially dismissed from office by Lord Sydney in the Spring of 1787 . )
Collector of Customs
As collector of customs , Townshend had his own bout of troubles in the colony . He crossed Governor Patterson in 1786 when he seized the property of merchants who had imported goods from the United States with Patterson 's permission . Townshend was even accused of smuggling himself , by John Cambridge , a merchant , who had stated that Townshend had permitted smuggling from the Magdalen Islands . In 1788 , an investigation by the commissioners of customs cleared Townshend of any wrongdoing .
It is probable that the most important seizure ever conducted by Townshend was on Walter Patterson himself , in June 1788 , when Patterson had already been ousted from office . Townshend arrived with soldiers on Patterson 's farm , where the smuggling was taking place in the dead of night , making it illegal smuggling , but clashing broke out between the soldiers and about 25 of Patterson 's men , mostly servants . However , the goods and the schooner used to transport them were eventually seized and sold off at the order of the Vice admiralty court . Townshend took part of several seizures over the following years , including property belonging to John Cambridge and other merchants .
In 1791 , Cambridge , other merchants and even some absentee landlords named Townshend as one of the men trying to form an illegal faction to rule the island . Townshend was also accused , among other allegations , of operating oppressive seizures . Townshend also accused the merchants of wrongdoing , and a stalemate was created between Townshend and the merchants .
An investigation was later heard in London , where Townshend presented a detailed defense but it does not appear that he impressed the investigating committee . However , the following year , the charges against Townshend were dropped . The number of smuggling cases in Island courts considerably dropped over the following years .
When Fanning had first arrived on the island , in 1786 , Townshend was found amongst those who wanted Patterson out of office . Fanning even praised Townshend to the British government , stating that Townshend was a very loyal servant to the measures of the government . This statement , together with Townshend 's actions in exposing Patterson in 1788 , may well be considered part of William Pitt 's campaign to stiffen up Customs regulations and to clear up smuggling that had become rampant under Lord North 's ministry . However , with the multitude of accusations brought against Townshend , it is clear that his actions were not well-received locally .
`` Temporary Commander in Chief ''
Later in life , Townshend wished to seek a more high-profile position within the government , but his attempts failed , and so did his health . However , in spite of illness , Townshend was named `` Temporary Commander in Chief '' ( Acting Governor ) of Prince Edward Island in 1812 following the removal of Governor Joseph Frederick Wallet DesBarres . Townshend was chosen for the job over senior councilor Thomas DesBrisay . William Townshend was so ill by the time he became Acting Governor , that he had to gather the strength to raise himself out of bed to sign in his new position .
Townshend 's short time in office , lasting less than a year , was very uneventful , for he mainly followed the instructions of the Colonial Office . By the time he was replaced by Charles Douglass Smith as Governor on July 24 , 1813 , Townshend was quite satisfied with what he had accomplished on Prince Edward Island .
Illness overwhelming him , William Townshend died in 1816 on a visit to Plymouth , England .
External links
http : //home.worldonline.co.za/~townshend/william.htm
Biography at the Dictionary of Canadian Biography Online
1816 deaths
Lieutenant Governors of the Colony of Prince Edward Island
Year of birth uncertain
Place of birth unknown
Bolić is a Croatian surname , derived from the word bol , meaning `` pain , ache '' . It may refer to :
Dražen Bolić , Serbian footballer
Elvir Bolić , Bosnian footballer
See also
Balić , surname
Belić , surname
Bilić , surname
Bulić , surname
Bosnian surnames
Serbian surnames
Shajara-i Tarākima ( ) is a Chagatai-language historical work completed in 1659 by Khan of Khiva and historian Abu al-Ghazi Bahadur .
Shajara-i Tarākima is one of the two works composed by Abu al-Ghazi Bahadur that have great importance in learning Central Asian history , the other being the Shajara-i Turk ( Genealogy of the Turks ) , which was completed by his son , Abu al-Muzaffar Anusha Muhammad Bahadur , in 1665 . Shajara-i Tarākima describes the history of Turkmens since ancient times , the birth and life of the ancient ancestor of all Turkmens and the progenitor hero of all Turkic peoples - Oghuz Khan , his campaigns to conquer various countries and regions of Eurasia , as well as the rule of the Oghuz-Turkmen khans in the Middle Ages . Shajara-i Tarākima is also a significant literary work , as it describes numerous Turkmen folk legends , tales , etymologies of ethnonyms , proverbs and sayings .
According to Abu al-Ghazi , `` the 'Genealogy of the Turkmens ' was written `` '' at the request of the Turkmen mullahs , sheikhs and beks '' '' , who believed that the previous Oghuznamas were full of `` errors and differences '' and that it was necessary to give an official version of the legend of the origin of the Turkmens .
Abu al-Ghazi Bahadur
Abu al-Ghazi Bahadur was the Khan of Khiva and a prominent historian of the Turkic peoples , who wrote his works in Chagatai language . He was born in 1603 in Urgench , Khanate of Khiva , the son of ruler Arab Muhammad Khan . He fled to the Safavid court in Isfahan after a power struggle arose among him and his brothers . He lived there in exile from 1629 until 1639 studying Persian and Arabic history . In 1644 or 1645 he acceded to the throne , a position he would hold for twenty years . He died in Khiva in 1663 .
Content
Shajara-i Tarākima can be divided into three parts : information of a quranic nature ( the story of Adam ) ; information based on the Oghuz-Turkmen epic , which includes the story of Oghuz-Khan and his descendants , and information acquired through oral tradition about the origin , division and location of the Oghuz tribes ( in particular , the legend of Salyr ) , about Tamga , Ongons and others .
Shajara-i Tarākima roughly follows Rashīd ad-Dīn 's already Islamized and Mongolized ( post-conquest ) version about the origin of Oghuz Khan and Turkmens . But in his account , Oghuz Khan is fully integrated into Islamic and Mongol traditional history . The account begins with descent from Adam to Noah , who after the flood sends his three sons to repopulate the earth : Ham was sent to Hindustan , Sam to Iran , and Yafes was sent to the banks of the Itil and Yaik rivers . Yafes had eight sons named Turk , Khazar , Saqlab , Rus , Ming , Chin , Kemeri , and Tarikh . As he was dying , he established Turk as his successor .
Tribal Organizations of Ancient Turkmens
According to the Genealogy of the Turkmens , Oghuz Khan had six sons in total , and each of them in turn had 4 sons from their first wives and several more from their other wives . Twenty-four grandsons from the first wives of the sons of Oghuz Khan were the ancestors of the 24 oldest and main Oghuz-Turkmen tribes and the heads of the so-called `` Aimak '' . Each of the main 24 tribes was joined by other tribes whose ancestors were the grandsons of Oghuz Khan from the secondary wives of his sons and so on : this is the main association of several clans that formed a single `` Aimak '' .
Two united Aimaks formed `` yuzluks '' . The yuzluks , in turn , were grouped into two main groups : `` Bozoks '' ( senior tribes ) and `` Uchoks '' ( junior tribes ) . Thus , the entire ancient Oghuz-Turkmen people were divided into two parts ( Bozok and Uchok ) : each of these parts was divided into 12 yuzluks , and each of the yuzluks was divided into two Aimaks .
24 Oghuz Turkmen tribes according to the Genealogy of the Turkmens by Abu al-Ghazi Bahadur :
Bozoks ( Gray Arrows )
Gün Han
Kayı ( Ottomans and Jandarids )
Bayat ( Qajars , Dulkadirids , Fuzûlî )
Alkaevli
Karaevli
Ay Han
Yazır
Döger ( Artuqids )
Dodurga
Yaparlı
Yyldyz Han
Afshar ( Afsharids and Zengids )
Kızık
Begdili ( Khwarazmian dynasty )
Kargın
Üçoks ( Three Arrows )
Gök Han
Bayandur ( founders of the Ak Koyunlu )
Pecheneg
Çavuldur ( Tzachas )
Chepni ( refer to Küresünni )
Dag Han
Salur ( Kadi Burhan al-Din , Salghurids and Karamanids ; see also : Salars )
Eymür
Alayuntlu
Yüreğir ( Ramadanids )
Dengiz Han
Iğdır
Büğdüz
Yıva ( Qara Qoyunlu and Oghuz Yabgu State )
Kınık ( founders of the Seljuk Empire )
List of ancient Turkmen tribes whose forefathers were born from the younger wives of Oguz Khan 's sons :
Kene - Gune - Turbatly - Gireyli - Soltanly - Okly - Gekly - Kyrgyz - Suchly - Horasanly - Yurtchy - Jamchy - Turumchy - Kumy - Sorky - Kurjyk - Sarajyk - Karajyk - Tekin - Kazygurt - Lala - Merdeshuy - Sayir .
The list of tribes whose ancestors were leaders in the army and close associates of Oghuz Khan , and which were considered part of the Oghuz ( Turkmens ) in ancient times and the Middle Ages :
Kangly - Kypchak - Karlyk - Khalach
Edition
Ebülgâzî Bahadir Han ( Khan of Khorezm ) , Shejere-i Terākime , Simurg , 1996 , ,
See also
Oghuz Turks
Turkic peoples
Turkmens
Dede Korkut
Khanate of Khiva
References
Further reading
E. G. Ambros , P. A. Andrews , Ç. Balım , L. Bazin , J. Cler , P. B . Golden , A. Gökalp , B. Flemming , G. Hazai , A. T. Karamustafa , S. Kleinmichel , P. Zieme , E. J. Zürcher ; Artikel Turks , Encyclopaedia of Islam , Digital Edition , The Tribal History Of The Central Asian Turks .
Mahmud al-Kashgari ; `` Dīwān Lughāt al-Turk '' .
1659 books
17th-century works
Chagatai Turkic literature
This list of theaters and entertainment venues in Washington , D.C. includes present-day opera houses and theaters , cabarets , music halls and other places of live entertainment in Washington , D.C .
Current theaters
Producing theaters
Adventure Theatre
Ambassador Theater at Flashpoint
Arena Stage at the Mead Center for American Theater - Recipient of the 1976 Regional Theatre Tony Award
Fichandler Stage
Kreeger Theater
The Kogod Cradle
Capital Fringe Festival , with annual , temporary venues
Capitol Steps
Charter Theater at Theatre on the Run ( folded 2011 )
Constellation Theatre Company
Damascus Theatre Company
DC Improv
Discovery Theater at the Smithsonian Ripley Center
Folger Theatre at the Elizabethan Theatre
Forum Theatre
GALA Hispanic Theatre at the Tivoli Theatre
Glaser-Luchs Studio Theater at the National Conservatory of the Dramatic Arts
Hexagon at the Duke Ellington School
Histrio ( Theater ) , A French Theater
Olney Theatre Center for the Arts
Keegan Theatre
Mosaic Theater Company of DC
Rorschach Theatre
Round House Theatre
Shakespeare Theatre Company at the Harman Center for the Arts - Recipient of the 2012 Regional Theatre Tony Award
Sidney Harman Hall
Lansburgh Theatre
Signature Theatre - Recipient of the 2009 Regional Theatre Tony Award
Silver Spring Stage
St Mark 's Players
Studio Theatre
Mead Theatre
Milton Theatre
Metheny Theatre
Stage 4
Synetic Theater
Teatro de la Luna at Casa de la Luna
Theater J at The Cecile Goldman Theater , Morris Cafritz Center for the Arts
Theater of the First Amendment at George Mason University
Washington Audio Theater
Washington Stage Guild
Wildwood Summer Theatre
Woolly Mammoth Theatre Company
Presenting and rental theaters
Anacostia Playhouse
Atlas Performing Arts Center
Lang Theater
Sprenger Theater
Atlas Theater Lab 1
Atlas Theater Lab 2
Carter Barron Amphitheater
Church Street Theater
Corner Store , The
Dance Place
DAR Constitution Hall
D.C. Arts Center ( DCAC )
Ford 's Theatre
H Street Playhouse
Lisner Auditorium
Jack Guidone Theater at Joy of Motion Dance Center
John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts
Kennedy Center Concert Hall
Kennedy Center Opera House
Eisenhower Theater
Family Theater
Theater Lab
Terrace Theater
Millennium Stage
KC Jazz Club
Lincoln Theatre
Mead Theatre Lab at Flashpoint
Metro Cafe
National Theatre
National Sylvan Theater
Source Theatre
DeLaski Theater at the Sitar Arts Center
Town Hall Education , Arts & Recreation Campus ( THEARC ) Theater
Warehouse Theatre
Mainstage
Second Stage
Warner Theatre
Independent companies
African Continuum Theatre Company
Ambassador Theater , International Cultural Center
Artists ' Initiative
banished ? productions
Bouncing Ball Theatrical Productions
Brave Spirits Theatre -- Closing
Constellation Theatre Company
Didactic Theatre Company
Doorway Arts Ensemble
dog & pony dc
Faction of Fools Theatre Company
Federal Theatre Project
Flying V Theatre
Forum Theatre
Ganymede Arts ( formerly the Actors ' Theatre of Washington )
Gross National Product Comedy - founder John Simmons
Happenstance Theater
Horizons Theatre
Journeymen Theater Ensemble
Keegan Theatre
Lean & Hungry Theatre
Longacre Lea Productions
Madcap Players
MuseFire Productions
Now This !
Omaemoda Productions
Open Circle Theatre
Pointless Theatre Company
Quotidian Theatre Company
SCENA Theatre
Serenity Players
Solas Nua
Spooky Action Theater
Taffety Punk Theatre Company
The In Series
The Landless Theatre Company
The Rude Mechanicals
The Saartjie Project
Theater Alliance
Venus Theatre Company
Washington Audio Theater
Washington Improv Theater
Washington National Opera
Washington Savoyards
WSC Avant Bard , formerly Washington Shakespeare Company
Yams Theatre , Inc .
Young Playwrights ' Theater
Washington Audio Theater
Educational theater
Harold and Sylvia Greenberg Theatre , American University
Katzen Arts Center , American University
Abramson Family Recital Hall
Studio Theatre
Hartke Theatre , Catholic University of America
Elstad Auditorium , Gallaudet University
Dorothy Betts Marvin Theatre , George Washington University
Royden B. Davis , S.J . Performing Arts Center , Georgetown University
Gonda Theatre
Devine Studio Theatre
Walsh Black Box , Georgetown University
Poulton Hall , Georgetown University
Fine Arts Complex , Howard University
Ira Aldridge Theater
Environmental Theatre Space ( ETS )
Auditorium , University of the District of Columbia
The Theatre Lab School of Dramatic Arts
Non-operational theaters
Takoma Theater
Howard Theater
Theater organizations
theatreWashington
League of Washington Theaters
Cultural Alliance of Greater Washington
Dance/Metro DC
Theater awards
Helen Hayes Awards
Mary Goldwater Award
Offstage Honors ( `` The Offies '' )
Richard Bauer Award
Ruby Griffith Award
Usher 's Favorite Show Award
Washington Area Theater Community Honors ( WATCH Awards )
References
External links
District of Columbia Historic Theatres
Washington , D.C .
Theater and entertainment venues
Music venues in Washington , D.C .
Toshikazu Sano ( October 11 , 1940 – 2000 ) was a football referee from Japan . He is known for having officiated the 1984 Olympic tournament in Los Angeles , as well as qualification for the 1982 , 1986 , and 1990 World Cups , and the 1981 and 1987 FIFA World Youth Championships .
References
FIFA Profile
1940 births
2000 deaths
Japanese football referees
AFC Asian Cup referees
Stalag VI-K Senne ( also known as Stalag 326 ) was a former German World War II prisoner-of-war camp . Though named after the nearby village of Senne , it was actually closer to the town of Schloß Holte-Stukenbrock , in North Rhine-Westphalia , Germany .
During the war the camp held mostly Soviet prisoners of war , but also some French , Polish and Italians .
The camp was overrun by the rapidly-advancing 2nd Armored Division on 2 April 1945 , with troops of the U.S. 117th Infantry Regiment , 30th Division , subsequently taking control .
Close to the camp there are 36 mass graves of Soviet POW , and in addition around 400 graves of other men who died in the camp . In the mid-1960s a monument was erected to commemorate the approximately 65,000 men interred there .
From October 1946 to December 1947 the camp was operated by the British occupation authorities as , holding party and government officials . Early the following year the camp became - a camp through which 150,000 refugees and displaced persons passed before it was closed in 1969 .
A police training institute has occupied the camp administration blocks since 1970 , and there is a permanent exhibition of articles , photographs and documents pertaining to the camp in the `` Documentation Centre '' there .
See also
List of prisoner-of-war camps in Germany
References
World War II prisoner of war camps in Germany
Buildings and structures in North Rhine-Westphalia
Rule of three ( `` Three strikes and you refactor '' ) is a code refactoring rule of thumb to decide when similar pieces of code should be refactored to avoid duplication . It states that two instances of similar code do not require refactoring , but when similar code is used three times , it should be extracted into a new procedure . The rule was popularised by Martin Fowler in Refactoring and attributed to Don Roberts .
Duplication is considered a bad practice in programming because it makes the code harder to maintain . When the rule encoded in a replicated piece of code changes , whoever maintains the code will have to change it in all places correctly .
However , choosing an appropriate design to avoid duplication might benefit from more examples to see patterns in . Attempting premature refactoring risks selecting a wrong abstraction , which can result in worse code as new requirements emerge and will eventually need to be refactored again .
The rule implies that the cost of maintenance certainly outweighs the cost of refactoring and potential bad design when there are three copies , and may or may not if there are only two copies .
See also
Copy-and-paste programming
Do n't repeat yourself ( DRY )
References
Computer programming folklore
Programming principles
Elfego Hernán Monzón Aguirre ( 5 May 1912 – 6 June 1981 ) was a Guatemalan army officer who was President of Guatemala and leader of a military junta from 29 June 1954 to 8 July 1954 , during the 1954 Guatemalan coup d'état .
Early career
Monzón was an officer in the Guatemalan military , eventually attaining the rank of Colonel . He also served in the cabinet of Guatemalan President Jacobo Árbenz ( in office from 1951 to 1954 ) . Historian Jim Handy described him in 1985 as `` minister for government , '' while a U.S. government memorandum described him as a `` minister without portfolio '' on 14 January 1954 . Sources within the U.S. embassy in Guatemala were reported to have said that Monzón had , in private conversations , expressed concerns over communist influence in Guatemala , after he had been approached with the suggestion that he led a coup against the government . Monzón stated that the army itself was anti-communist , but that conditions needed to worsen before the army would do anything . However , he anticipated that in a few months , the army would be willing to force Árbenz to resign , and he expressed hopes that other countries would place severe economic pressure on Guatemala . Monzón had heard of a coup attempt being planned , and was worried that it would lead to severe bloodshed . Tim Weiner , in his history of the Central Intelligence Agency ( CIA ) , stated that Monzón had been bribed by CIA officer Henry Hecksher .
Assumption of presidency
On 27 June 1954 Árbenz resigned as a result of a U.S. sponsored coup . Carlos Enrique Díaz replaced him as president , at the head of a military junta , which also included Monzón , and Jose Angel Sánchez . On 29 June Díaz was forced to resign , and a new three-person junta , headed by Monzón , took power . Witnesses later stated that Díaz ' removal took place at 4 AM in Díaz ' home . U.S. diplomat John Peurifoy , who had also played a role in the coup , had summoned all three members of the military junta there , and Díaz had announced that he was resigning after a meeting with Peurifoy and Sánchez . Monzón then entered and announced that he was forming the new junta . Historian Piero Gleijeses stated that Peurifoy was rough with Díaz at the meeting , berating him for allowing Árbenz to criticize the U.S. in his resignation speech . Díaz later stated that Peurifoy had presented him with a list of names , and demanded that all of them be shot by the next day , because they were communists ; Díaz had refused , turning Peurifoy further against him . Gleijeses maintains that Peurifoy compelled Díaz to allow Monzón to become president , as Monzón was more staunchly anti-communist . The other members of Monzón 's junta were José Luis Cruz Salazar and Mauricio Dubois . Life magazine described Monzón as having `` a more impressive anti-Communist record '' than Díaz .
El Salvador negotiations
Monzón was a staunch anti-communist , and had spoken repeatedly of his loyalty to the U.S . Nonetheless , he was not initially willing to hand over power to Carlos Castillo Armas , the leader of the US-backed rebels in the coup against Árbenz . The US State Department persuaded Óscar Osorio , the dictator of El Salvador , to invite Monzón , Castillo Armas , and other significant individuals to participate in peace talks in San Salvador . Osorio agreed to do so , and after Díaz had been deposed , Monzón and Castillo Armas arrived in the Salvadoran capital on 30 June . Monzón encountered difficulties negotiating with Castillo Armas , who wished to incorporate some of his rebel forces into the Guatemalan military : Monzón , however , was reluctant to allow this . Castillo Armas also saw Monzón as having entered the fight against Árbenz late . The negotiations nearly broke down on the very first day , and so Peurifoy , who had remained in Guatemala City to give the impression that the US was not heavily involved with the negotiations , traveled to San Salvador . Allen Dulles , director of the CIA , later said that Peurifoy 's role was to `` crack some heads together . '' Peurifoy was able to force an agreement due to the fact that neither Monzón nor Castillo Armas could have become or remained president without the support of the US . The deal was announced at 4:45 am on 2 July , and under its terms , Castillo Armas and his subordinate Major Enrique Trinidad Oliva became members of the junta led by Monzón , although Monzón remaining president . On 8 July 1954 Castillo Armas replaced Monzón as president ; Castillo Armas led a new five-person junta , of which Monzón remained a member . The settlement negotiated by Castilo Armas and Monzón also said that the five-man junta would rule for 15 days , during which a president would be chosen .
Aftermath
Soon after Castillo Armas took the presidency , he faced a coup attempt from within the army . An article in Life magazine stated that Monzón 's refusal to join the rebels proved to be the turning point of the revolt , and the attempt was crushed , leaving 29 dead and 91 wounded . Colonel Cruz Salazar and Colonel Dubois , who were seen as Monzón 's supporters in the junta , had made a secret agreement with Castillo Armas without Monzon 's knowledge , and resigned on 7 July . As a result , Monzon was outnumbered in the junta , and also resigned , on 1 September . This permitted Castillo Armas to be unanimously elected president of the junta . For their cooperation , Salazar and Dubois were paid 100,000 US dollars each . On 13 July , the new government was recognized by the US government . An election was organized in early October 1954 , but all political parties were prohibited from participating in it . The only candidate was Carlos Castillo Armas , who won 99 % of the vote . Monzón remained a part of Castillo Armas ' administration .
Death
On June 6 , 1981 , Elfego Hernan Monzon Aguirre died in Guatemala ; he was 69 years old .
References
Sources
1912 births
1981 deaths
Presidents of Guatemala
Guatemalan military personnel
Ralph Dayton Cole ( November 30 , 1873 – October 15 , 1932 ) was an American lawyer and politician who served three terms as a U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1905 to 1911 . He was the brother of Raymond Clinton Cole , who also served in Congress .
Biography
Early years
Ralph Cole was born in Vanlue , Ohio on November 30 , 1873 . Cole had attended public school before enrolling in Findlay College of Findlay , Ohio , from which he graduated in 1896 .
From 1897 to 1899 , Cole served as the deputy clerk of Hancock County , Ohio . During this period he also began to study law , attending Ohio Northern University College of Law .
Cole was admitted to the bar in 1900 and commenced practice in Findlay , Ohio .
Political career
He served as member of the Ohio House of Representatives from 1900 to 1904 .
Cole was elected as a Republican to the Fifty-ninth , Sixtieth , and Sixty-first Congresses ( March 4 , 1905 – March 3 , 1911 ) .
He was an unsuccessful candidate for renomination in 1910 to the Sixty-second Congress .
He resumed the practice of law in Findlay , Toledo , and Columbus , Ohio .
Legal adviser to the Comptroller of the Currency in 1912 and 1913 .
Cole served as chairman of the speakers ' bureau for the Republican National Committee in 1916 . He was also chosen as a delegate to the Republican National Conventions in 1916 , 1924 , and 1928 .
Military service
Cole enlisted in the United States Army on June 6 , 1917 , serving overseas as major and lieutenant colonel in the 37th Infantry Division , taking part in many major engagements .
Following the termination of hostilities , Cole became one of the founders of the American Legion at Paris on February 15 , 1919 .
He was honorably discharged from the service April 6 , 1919 and thereafter returned to civilian life .
Death and legacy
Sustained serious injuries in an automobile accident near Parkman , Ohio , from which he died in Warren , Ohio , on October 15 , 1932 . He was interred in Maple Grove Cemetery , Findlay , Ohio .
References
Sources
1873 births
1932 deaths
People from Hancock County , Ohio
University of Findlay alumni
Claude W. Pettit College of Law alumni
Members of the Ohio House of Representatives
United States Army personnel of World War I
Ohio lawyers
Road incident deaths in Ohio
United States Army officers
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
`` Bara få va mig själv '' is a song by Swedish singer-songwriter Laleh , taken as the first single from her sixth studio album , Kristaller . It was written by Laleh , Gustaf Thörn , Gino Yonan , and Frank Nobel while being produced by Laleh . It was released on 6 April 2016 through Warner Music Sweden .
It is her highest-charting song on the Sverigetopplistan , peaking at number five , and was nominated for Song of the Year at the 2017 Grammis .
Background and composition
After a period of work as songwriter and producer in the United States , where she worked with artists such as Demi Lovato , Tori Kelly and Adam Levine , she returned to Sweden and released `` Bara få va mig själv '' as the lead single off her sixth album Kristaller . The song was first released exclusively to radio stations and Spotify on 6 May 2016 , and was made available on all platforms two days later , the same day that tickets for the Kristaller Tour went on sale . All of her previous lead singles had been in English , with this marking her first in Swedish .
Laleh said the song was `` a story about finding your own voice and the difference between learning from others and being controlled by others '' while A Bit of Pop Music described it as `` one of the most poppy and upbeat things she has released , '' adding that it was a `` sure-fire hit . '' Scandipop called it a `` rousing , beat-driven pop number . ''
Ccommercial performance
The song debuted on the Sverigetopplistan Singles Top 100 at number 16 on the chart dated 15 April 2016 and later peaked at number five on its sixth week , becoming her highest-charting song . It remained on the official Swedish chart for a total of 68 non-consecutive weeks .
It also reached number one on the Svensktoppen on 3 July , a spot it sat in as late as October , and peaked at number five on the DigiListan chart tracking digital sales on 22 May .
In December , it was announced that Bara få va mig själv was the year 's most-streamed Swedish song on Spotify , with over 30 million plays .
Music video
The official music video , directed and edited by Laleh herself , was released on 8 April 2016 , the same day the song was released for digital download . It was filmed in Los Angeles , where Laleh had recently moved to . As of August 2021 the video has over 15 million views on YouTube .
Awards and nominations
Charts and certifications
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
References
Laleh ( singer ) songs
2016 songs
2016 singles
Warner Music Group singles
Swedish-language songs
Songs written by Laleh ( singer )
The Great Lakes Basin desert steppe ecoregion ( WWF ID : PA1316 ) covers the enclosed basin centered on Uvs Lake , a saline , endorheic basin ( that is , no external drainage to the ocean ) in northwestern Mongolia . A portion of the ecoregion stretches across the region into Russia . The lake district is important for migrating birds , waterfowl , and seabirds . The ecoregion is in the Palearctic realm and the deserts and xeric shrublands biome . It has an area of .
Location and description
The ecoregion stretches approximately 500 km west to east , and 600 km north too south to encompass the Uvs Lake Basin in northwestern Mongolia and borderlands in Russia . Aside from the lakes , the terrain is gently sloping clay and gravel , mostly at elevations of 700 meters to 2,000 meters . The mountains on the margins reach up to above sea level . Intersperse are tracts of bare sand , bogs , and rock outcrops .
Climate
The climate of the ecoregion is cool semi-arid ( Köppen climate classification BSk ) . This climate is characterized by high variation in temperature , both daily and seasonally ; with low precipitation and cool winters . Average annual precipitation in the Uvs Nuur region is 167 mm . Average temperature in January is , and in July is
Flora and fauna
The basin is an area of great diversity , because it incorporates many transition zones - such as steppe to desert , fresh-water to salt-water , and low-altitude to high-altitude . Floral communities associated with all of these central Asian biomes are represented . Species diversity is also high because the area is relatively untouched by human development . It is an isolated area , with no history of extensive resource exploitation or intensive farming . The only significant human presence has been in mobile pastoral use .
Protections
There are several significant nationally protected area that reach into this ecoregion :
Uvs Nuur Strictly Protected Area ( Mongolia ) , which covers almost have the surface area of the region .
Ubsunur Hollow Nature Reserve ( Russia ) , a series of ecologically representative small protected areas on the northern ( Russian ) edge of the Uvs Lake basin .
Khar Us Nuur National Park ( Mongolia ) is one of a series of five flow-through ( connected lakes ) in the basin .
See also
List of ecoregions in Russia
List of ecoregions in Mongolia
References
Ecoregions of Mongolia
Ecoregions of Russia
Deserts and xeric shrublands
Palearctic ecoregions
Gobi Desert
Herman Philip Goebel ( April 5 , 1853 – May 4 , 1930 ) was an American lawyer and politician who served four terms as a U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1903 to 1911 .
Early life and career
Born in Cincinnati , Ohio , Goebel attended public schools .
He was graduated from the Cincinnati Law School in 1872 ?
He was admitted to the bar in 1874 and commenced practice in Cincinnati .
He served as member of the State house of representatives in 1875 and 1876 .
He served as judge of the probate court of Hamilton County 1884–1890 .
Congress
Goebel was elected as a Republican to the Fifty-eighth and to the three succeeding Congresses ( March 4 , 1903 – March 4 , 1911 ) .
He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1910 to the Sixty-second Congress .
Later career and death
He engaged in the practice of his profession until his death in Cincinnati , Ohio , May 4 , 1930 .
He was interred in Spring Grove Cemetery .
Sources
1853 births
1930 deaths
University of Cincinnati College of Law alumni
Members of the Ohio House of Representatives
Politicians from Cincinnati
Burials at Spring Grove Cemetery
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
John Murphy McMillan Jr. ( born July 6 , 1941 ) is an American politician who served as the 40th Treasurer of Alabama . He was elected as a Republican in November 2010 to the office of Alabama Commissioner of Agriculture and Industries . He was elected to a second four-year term in 2014 . In 2018 , McMillan won the Republican primary election for State Treasurer , and had no Democratic opposition on the general election ballot .
Political career
McMillan served as a Baldwin County Commissioner and as an Alabama state representative ( elected in 1974 and 1978 ) representing Baldwin and Mobile counties as a Democrat . While in the Alabama state legislature McMillan chaired the Agriculture , Forestry and Natural Resources Committee and was selected twice as the Alabama Wildlife Federation 's `` Conservation Legislator of the Year . '' Recently McMillan founded the Alabama Sportsmen 's Caucus to serve as an advocate group for the outdoors business industry and for the rights of hunters , gun owners , and fishermen .
McMillan served as the Alabama State Commissioner of Conservation and Natural Resources in the first administration of Gov . Fob James ( 1980–1983 ) . As Commissioner , McMillan won widespread praise for his part in the creation of the Alabama Trust Fund ( originally called the Alabama Heritage Trust Fund ) , a plan to save the receipts from leases of offshore oil operations . This fund has grown from the original investment of just over $ 400 million to a sum approaching $ 4 billion . Additionally , McMillan spearheaded the rebuilding of Gulf State Park after the widespread destruction of Hurricane Frederic .
McMillan is the former chief executive ( 1985–2006 ) of the Alabama Forestry Association where he was a leader in the successful fight to defeat the Amendment One Tax Increase of 2003 . As the head of this powerful statewide association , McMillan became known as an advocate for the rights of property owners and a consistent opponent of property tax increases .
McMillan was named to the Alabama State Personnel Board by Governor Fob James during the 1990s and reappointed to a second term by Governor Bob Riley . On the State Personnel Board McMillan has played a leading role in investigating alleged `` kickbacks '' to state employee union bosses .
On November 2 , 2010 , McMillan defeated Democrat Glen Zorn for the post of Alabama Commissioner of Agriculture and Industries . McMillan received 862,901 votes to Zorn 's 583,255 .
In June 2018 , McMillan won Alabama 's Republican primary election for the office of State Treasurer , besting two challengers . No Democrats qualified for the primary ballot , practically guaranteeing McMillan 's victory in November 's general election .
Education and personal life
John McMillan is a native of rural Stockton , Alabama , where he worked as a boy ( and as a young man after returning from college ) on his uncle 's farm and in his father 's sawmill . McMillan is a graduate of Rhodes College in Memphis . McMillan and his wife Kathryn have two grown sons , Murphy and William , and two grandchildren . McMillan is an avid outdoorsman who won the Governor 's One-Shot Turkey Hunt in 2006 . He is known as a dedicated hunter of deer , wild turkey , and other Alabama game , and also enjoys fishing with his family . His twin brother Steve McMillan died in April 2022 .
Electoral history
References
External links
|-
1941 births
Alabama Commissioners of Agriculture and Industries
Alabama Democrats
Alabama Republicans
American hunters
County commissioners in Alabama
Living people
Members of the Alabama House of Representatives
People from Bay Minette , Alabama
Rhodes College alumni
State treasurers of Alabama
Twin people from the United States
Wellsboro is an unincorporated community in Noble Township , LaPorte County , Indiana .
History
Wellsboro was laid out in 1875 at the junction of two railroads . It was named for its founders , Charles F. and Theodore H. Wells . Wellsboro ( originally spelled Wellsborough ) contained a post office from 1877 until 1955 .
Geography
Wellsboro is located at .
References
Unincorporated communities in LaPorte County , Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
Internet Config was an Internet preferences manager and API for macOS Classic . It was originally developed by Quinn ! The Eskimo , Peter N Lewis and Marcus Jager and released in 1994 into the public domain . It was later bundled by Apple Inc .
Internet Config 's purpose was to consolidate what was , at the time , an unwieldy number of options and settings related to Internet use that had not yet been integrated into the operating system 's own control panel . Some settings were for a systemwide default web browser , home page , default FTP client , systemwide default download folder , and email settings . Internet Config represented an important ease of use advantage for the Macintosh platform on the early Internet .
The software consisted of two pieces , the Internet Config control panel — which was actually just a normal application — and an 'appe ' extension that launched at boot time but did not patch any system traps .
Internet Config enabled the ability for applications to support command-clicking of URLs displayed anywhere onscreen and have the URLs sent to the user selected application . For example , http : URLs would be sent to the selected web browser , ftp : URLs to the selected FTP client , mailto : URLs to the selected Email application , and so on . This functionality was made optional systemwide , as it did have to patch one trap , _TEClick .
Internet Config also provided functionality to ease interoperability of the Macintosh type and creator code system with the file extensions used on the Internet and on other operating systems . API functions were provided to map file extensions to Mac type/creator information , and vice versa .
The public domain licensing of the project and the tight Macintosh Internet community in the late 1990s led to the rapid adoption of the facility , and then to Apple bundling it as part of macOS . The Internet Config calls ended up being part of Carbon and Mac OS X , with the header and library files now part of Universal Interfaces and Headers .
External links
Internet Config home
ICeCoffEE free implementation of command-click for Mac OS X
References
Classic macOS
`` La Ballade des gens heureux '' ( translation : The Ballad of the Happy People ) is a song by Gérard Lenorman , released in 1975 . English singer and songwriter Jonathan King wrote the British lyrics and had a hit with it as The Happy People Song .
Charts
References
French pop songs
Pop ballads
1970s ballads
1975 songs
1975 singles
Gérard Lenorman songs
CBS Disques singles
Songs written by Pierre Delanoë
In 1964 Tanganyika and Zanzibar formed the United Republic of Tanzania . After the Treaty of the Union , the two countries continued to remain with their own legal systems including court structures . In the 1977 Constitution of the United Republic of Tanzania , the High Court of Tanganyika whose jurisdiction was and still is territoriality limited to Tanzania Mainland ( formerly Tanganyika ) was called the High Court of Tanzania and the High Court of Zanzibar retained its original name . It is essential to note that the High Court of Tanzania only has territorial jurisdiction over legal issues arising in Tanzania Mainland and the High Court of Zanzibar has territorial jurisdiction over legal issues arising in Zanzibar .
The Courts in the United Republic of Tanzania are arranged in a simple and clear hierarchy containing superior courts and subordinate courts and a special constitutional court , which is formed only when there is a constitutional dispute arising between Zanzibar and Tanzania Mainland . In the history of the Union of Zanzibar and Tanganyika a special Constitutional court has never been formed , despite open disagreements on the interpretation and nature of the Union . The Courts of the United Republic of Tanzania are established by the Constitution and municipal laws of Zanzibar and Tanzania Mainland . In Tanzania Mainland , the High Court of Tanzania has three divisions , namely the Commercial Division ( the Commercial Court ) , the Land Division ( the Land Court ) and the Labour Division ( the Labour Court ) .
On the other hand , Zanzibar only has one division of its High Court but is establishing a Commercial Division of the High Court of Zanzibar . The High Court of Zanzibar has a registry in Pemba and in Zanzibar , however , the registry in Pemba does not have a resident judge . The High Court of Tanzania has registries in Dar es Salaam , Moshi , Tanga , Arusha , Iringa , Bukoba , Dodoma , Mwanza , Mbeya , Mtwara , Tabora and all the registries have resident judges .
The Court of Appeal of the United Republic of Tanzania
The highest court of the United Republic of Tanzania is the Court of Appeal of the United Republic Tanzania which is a true union institution in that it has territorial jurisdiction over appeals arising from the High Court of Tanzania and the High Court of Zanzibar .
Divisions of the High Court of Tanzania
The Commercial Court handles all commercial disputes . This Court was established through amendment of the High Court Registries Rules of 1984 . The main objective of establishing this court was to ensure efficient management and expeditious disposal of commercial disputes so as to encourage business development under a free market economy and also growth of foreign investments .
The Labour Court is responsible for hearing and determining employment disputes . It was first inaugurated and launched in June 2007 under the Employment and Labour Relations Act .
The Land Court was established as a result of the land reforms which were implemented by the Land Act 1999 . Until 2010 , the Land Court had exclusive jurisdiction to determine land disputes relating to land with a pecuniary value of TZS 50,000 or more . Due to lack of sufficient manpower , including judges and the large number of cases being filed in the Land Court , the efficient and timely disposal of cases was negatively impacted . Consequently , in 2010 , the Chief Justice of Tanzania , Augustino Ramadhani CJ , extended the jurisdiction to deal with land cases to all judges of the High Court .
History
The High Court of Tanzania is established under article 108 ( 1 ) of the Constitution of the United Republic of Tanzania . It is the predecessor to the High Court of Tanganyika and later Tanzania , which was established under article 17 ( 1 ) of the Tanganyika order in council , 1920 .
The High Court is described as a superior court having full jurisdiction by virtue of section 2 ( 1 ) of the Judicature and Application of Laws Act , chapter 358 RE:2002 . It has now developed forming a different structure to the former , where it has the ordinary court , and the two special divisions that is Commercial Division and Labour Division . However it is subject to the Jurisdiction of the Court of Appeal as stipulated under the constitution and any other written laws .
The court is also known as a court of record where it is required to keep records of its own proceedings and that it may fine or imprison but also as a court of admiralty it can adjudicate disputes arising in the high seas and inland waters .
Composition
Having its base from the constitution of the United Republic of Tanzania , the High Court of Tanzania is composed of the principal judge and not less than 30 other judges .
Judges of the High Court as provided by the Constitution are appointed by the President of the United Republic of Tanzania , in pursuant to the special qualifications stated in its article 109 ( 7 ) after consultation with the Judicial Service Commission established under part iii of the constitution . Formally the judges of the court were required to be not less than 15 , compared to the recent changes of a composition of not less than 30 judges .
The principal judge is a special assistant of the Chief Justice in the administration of the High court and courts which are subordinate to it . Provided under article 109 ( 3 ) of the Constitution of the United Republic of Tanzania . In addition to his ordinary power as a judge of the High Court , the principal judge is also empowered to perform all such duties and functions which in accordance with legal traditions applicable are matters to be performed by the head of the High Court .
Assessors can be simply regarded as a panel of experts in determining an issue before the court . Assessors in the divisions of the High Court are selected from a list of experts submitted to the court by the specific court users committee and have to be knowledgeable in the field concerning the suit . Under section 27 ( 4 ) of the Magistrates Courts Act it provides that in any appeal a rule of customary law is in issue or relevant the High Court may refer any question of Customary law to a panel of experts and Also in section 265 of the Criminal Procedure Act 1985 it stipulates that all criminal trials before the court shall be with aid of two or more assessors as the court thinks fit .
The divisions of the court are also properly constituted when presided over by a single judge sitting with two assessors ; however where both parties to the case agree the judge in the commercial court can hear their case without aid of assessors .
Jurisdiction
The high court by virtue of section 2 ( 1 ) of the Judicature and Application of Laws Act is vested with full and unlimited Jurisdiction over all civil and criminal matters , that is to say it shall have power over any matter not expressly provided by the law the constitution or any other law . It is also provided further under article 108 ( 2 ) of the constitution of the United Republic of Tanzania . Such Jurisdiction is subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Appeal as stipulated under the constitution and any other written laws .
In the light of article 108 ( 2 ) of the constitution of the united republic and the provisions of the Judicature and Application of laws Act , the high court has original jurisdiction over all matters that are outside the jurisdiction of the courts subordinate to it . For example , proceedings where the value of the subject matter exceeds that of the district or resident magistrate courts , such cases are to be tried by the High Court . The High court also has original jurisdiction over all naval affairs or admiral matters .
The high court has also exclusive original jurisdiction over all offences that are not triable by subordinate courts . The majority of these offences either carry capital punishment or life imprisonment , such offences include murder , manslaughter , infanticide , treason , inciting to mutiny and various other offences .
The high court is vested with the appellate power in regard to determining matters submitted to it from subordinate courts , such an appeal may be from the Resident magistrate court or the district court . An appeal to the high court can be on points of law or on points of facts , or on both facts and law . An appeal can also be civil or criminal . Section 72 of the civil procedure code states that “ where a case is heard by a bench of two or more judges the appeal shall be decided in accordance with the opinion of the majority of such judges ” .
Powers
Review
The law allows any person who is aggrieved by any decision or order from which an appeal is allowed but no appeal has been made to apply for review of the order or decision made by a magistrate who passed the judgement . Review may also be applied for in circumstances where the party has no right to appeal so that a court can reverse its decision . According to the Order 42 rule 1 ( b ) of the civil procedure code the applicant for review has to show to the court the discovery of new or important matters or evidence . The judge to whom the application is made is free to alter the decision as desired .
A good example was in the case of Paul lema v Wilson chuwa ( 1989 ) where a high court judge reviewed his own order made in a matter arising from a suit to resist the sale of a house in a public auction . In an appeal the Court of Appeal held that a judge has power to review his own decision , but has no power to take a second look at his own decision given after review .
Supervision and revision
The high court is vested with general powers of supervision and revision over all districts courts and courts of resident Magistrates in the exercise of their appellate jurisdiction on matters originating from primary courts as well as in exercising their original jurisdiction . Where in exercise of such repower the high court may either call to inspect the record of any proceedings , direct any district court to call for and inspect the records of any proceedings in a primary court , or it can itself revise any such proceedings .
Under the magistrate courts act if in any proceedings of a civil nature where it appears that there has been an error material to the merits of the case involving injustices , the high court may revise the proceedings and make such decision as it sees fit ..
Conclusion
Conclusively in the case of Northern Tanzania Farmers Coop society Ltd v Shelukindo the court stated that “ The high court is an organ deriving its establishment and existence by the operation of the constitution of this country . This organ unless otherwise expressly restricted by the legislature has unlimited criminal and civil jurisdiction , pecuniary and territorial jurisdiction apart from the court of appeal , it is the highest court for the administration of justice in this country .
References
Shivji I. et al , ( 2004 ) ‘ constitutional and legal systems of Tanzania ' , Mkuki na nyota publishers , Dar es Salaam .
Civil procedure code , Chapter 33 of the revised laws of Tanzania
The constitution of the United Republic of Tanzania 1977 , as amended 2008
Judicature and Application of Laws Act , chapter 358 of the laws of Tanzania
Government of Tanzania
Law of Tanzania
John Davan Sainsbury , Baron Sainsbury of Preston Candover , ( 2 November 1927 – 14 January 2022 ) was a British businessman and politician . He served as the President of Sainsbury 's , and sat in the House of Lords as a life peer and member of the Conservative Party .
Early life
He was the son of Alan Sainsbury , Baron Sainsbury , and the nephew of Sir Robert Sainsbury . His younger brothers were Simon and Timothy , former Conservative Minister of Trade ; David Sainsbury , former Labour Minister for Science , was a cousin . His great-grandparents , John James Sainsbury and Mary Ann Staples , established a grocer 's at 173 Drury Lane in 1869 which became the British supermarket chain Sainsbury 's . He was sometimes referred to as `` Mr JD '' Sainsbury ( which was what he was known as when working for Sainsbury 's ) .
Sainsbury was Head Boy of Sandroyd School , before heading to Stowe School and Worcester College , Oxford , reading History .
Business career
Lord Sainsbury joined Sainsbury 's in 1950 ( the year the first self-service store opened in Croydon ) , working in the grocery department . The next year he became a buyer . He later became in charge of many other aspects of the business , including bacon buying in 1956 . He became a director of the Company , then known as J. Sainsbury Ltd. , in 1958 , becoming Deputy chairman in 1967 following his father Alan Sainsbury 's retirement .
Lord Sainsbury took over from his uncle Sir Robert Sainsbury as chairman and chief executive in 1969 . At the time , although Sainsbury 's had always been the largest UK grocery retailer by market share since 1922 , Tesco 's profits were double those of Sainsbury 's , and Marks & Spencer 's were nine times those of Sainsbury 's .
He led the company on to the London Stock Exchange on 12 July 1973 , which was at the time the largest flotation ever . Dubbed `` The sale of the century '' by the press , his family at the time retained control with an 85 % stake . Whilst his cousin , David Sainsbury , inherited his father Robert Sainsbury 's entire 18 % shareholding , Lord Sainsbury had to split his father Alan Sainsbury 's 18 % stake with his younger brothers The Hon . Simon Sainsbury and The Rt Hon . Sir Timothy Sainsbury , and so they held 6 % each .
During his 23 years as chairman , Sainsbury 's replaced all its 82 counter service stores with modern supermarkets , and the number of UK grocery stores increased from 244 stores ( including 162 self-service shops ) to 313 supermarkets , whilst the average size of new supermarkets increased from to . The range of products increased from 4,000 ( including 1,500 own brand products ) to 16,000 ( including 8,000 own brand products ) . He was said to personally taste own brand products himself to make sure he was satisfied with its quality control , and personally approved every own brand product packaging design himself before the official launch of each new own brand product . He was said to turn up unannounced at stores by helicopter to patrol the aisles and highlight deficiencies .
He led Sainsbury 's into the United States through the purchase of Shaw 's , a US supermarket chain , and started both the Homebase and Savacentre ventures . Shaw 's and Homebase have since been sold , whilst Savacentre has been re-branded under the core Sainsbury 's brand .
Between 1973 and 1992 , the company 's market capitalisation increased from £117m to £8.115bn due to an increase in the share price from 9p to 464p ( on 15 May 1992 ) . Between 1969 and 1992 sales increased from £166m to £9.202bn and profit before tax increased from £4.3m to £628m . The Company also boasted the highest sales per square foot in the food retailing industry and the market share of the UK supermarket business increased from 2.5 % to 10.4 % . Sainsbury 's also overtook both Tesco and Marks & Spencer ( the latter shortly before his retirement on his 65th birthday on 2 November 1992 ) to become the UK 's largest and most successful supermarket chain . Following his retirement , his cousin and Labour supporter David Sainsbury ( now Lord Sainsbury of Turville ) became chairman . Tesco overtook Sainsbury 's to become the UK 's largest supermarket chain in 1995 , and David Sainsbury stepped down as chairman in 1998 to pursue his long-held ambition to have a career in politics .
Although Lord Sainsbury retired , he was Life President of the retailer and continued to take an active interest in the business . He toured stores with present chief executive Mike Coupe as well as being the family member always attending J Sainsbury plc Annual General Meetings . He also served as a Joint President of the Sainsbury 's Veteran Association along with former Sainsbury 's CEO Dino Adriano .
He was also the family member with a large shareholding that was most reluctant to sell down his stake . During the sell down of the family stake between 2005 and 2008 from 35 % to 15 % , it was Lord Sainsbury who was the last major family shareholder to reduce his stake , in his case from 4 % to 3.89 % , the 0.11 % sold having belonged to a non-beneficial trust held by him .
J Sainsbury plc was informed on 5 December 2006 by Lord Sainsbury of Preston Candover , that he no longer held a reportable interest in the Company following the transfer of shares within his family . As a result , his 3.89 % shareholding in Sainsbury 's was no longer reportable .
During the takeover bids for Sainsbury 's during 2007 , Lord Sainsbury used N M Rothschild & Sons as his financial advisor and was said to be the major family shareholder most resistant to selling his stake . Indeed , during the private equity takeover bid during the first half of 2007 , he was said to be refusing to sell his stake of just under 3 % at any price .
As of August 2009 , Lord Sainsbury continued to control just under 3 % of the company . Although David Sainsbury controls the largest family shareholding of 5.85 % , and Lord Sainsbury controlled just under 3 % , the beneficial holding of David Sainsbury was only 0.57 % , compared with 1.6 % for JD Sainsbury . The Sainsbury family as a whole control approximately 15 % of Sainsbury 's . In the Sunday Times Rich List 2013 his family fortune was estimated at £1.97 billion .
He was a member of the Steering Committee of the Bilderberg Group .
Charitable works
In 1985 he and his two brothers provided funds to construct a new wing of the National Gallery , London , at a cost of around £50 million , which opened in 1991 as the Sainsbury Wing .
With his wife , he also ran the Linbury Trust , which offers grants to various projects in the fields of the Arts , Education , Environment & Heritage , Medical , Social Welfare and Developing Countries . One of the most notable projects funded by the Linbury Trust was the 1990s redevelopment of the Royal Opera House in London . The Linbury Studio Theatre in the building was named in recognition of the substantial contribution made by the trust .
In 1987 , Lady Sainsbury founded the biennial Linbury Prize for Stage Design , which identifies and encourages talented newcomers to the field of theatre design ; the Prize continues to be funded solely by the Linbury Trust .
In 1993 , he joined with Lord Rothschild to set up the Butrint Foundation to record and conserve the archaeological site of Butrint in Albania .
In September 2010 he donated £25m to the British Museum , which the BBC reported as the biggest gift to the arts in two decades .
Personal life and death
Sainsbury was married to the former ballerina Anya Linden.They had three children .
He was knighted in 1980 for services to the food retailing industry , and was made a life peer on 31 January 1989 with the title Baron Sainsbury of Preston Candover , of Preston Candover in the County of Hampshire . He became a Knight of the Garter in 1992 .
Sainsbury died on 14 January 2022 , at the age of 94 .
Arms
References
John Davan Sainsbury biography on The Sainsbury Archive website
Sainsbury 's Annual Report 1992
External links
John Davan Sainsbury on John-Sainsbury.com Retrieved 21 March 2010
1927 births
2022 deaths
English people of Dutch-Jewish descent
Alumni of Worcester College , Oxford
Conservative Party ( UK ) life peers
English businesspeople in retailing
Knights of the Garter
Members of the Steering Committee of the Bilderberg Group
People educated at Stowe School
People educated at Sandroyd School
John
Knights Bachelor
Sons of life peers
Jewish British politicians
People from Preston Candover
Sainsbury
The Stalinist Legacy : Its Impact on 20th-Century World Politics is a 1984 book of various authors organized by Pakistani-British author , activist , historian Tariq Ali . The book features articles composed by prominent Anti-Stalinist socialists Isaac Deutscher and Ernest Mandel , Soviet poet Yevgeny Yevtushenko , and Communist bloc leaders Nikita Khrushchev , Josip Tito and Leon Trotsky .
Synopsis
Following the collapse of the Soviet Union in 1991 activists are still haunted by the legacy of Joseph Stalin . The book examines of the origins , impacts , and prominence of Stalinism in modern Russia .
Content
Part 1 : The Roots of the Problem
1 . `` Social Relations in the Soviet Union '' - Leon Trotsky
2 . `` The 'Professional Dangers ' of Power - Christian Rakovsky
3 . `` What is Bureaucracy ? '' - Ernest Mandel
4 . `` Socialism in One Country '' - Isaac Deutscher
5 . `` Marxism and Primitive Magic - ibid .
6 . `` Trotsky 's Interpretation of Stalinism '' - Perry Anderson
7 . `` Was Lenin a Stalinist ? '' - Marcel Liebman
8 . `` Stalinist Ideology and Science '' - Michael Lowy
Part 2 : Stalinism in Crisis
9 . `` The Trotskyisys in Vorkuta Prison Camp ''
10 . `` Stalin and the Second World War '' - Fernando Claudin
11 . `` The First Breach : The Excommunication of Yugoslavia '' - Josip Tito
12 . `` Secret Report to the 20th Party Congress of the CPSU '' - Nikita Khrushchev
13 . `` Maoism , Stalinism , and the Chinese Revolution '' - Roland Law
14 . `` The Peculiarities of Vietnamese Communism '' - Pierre Rousset
15 . `` The Tradgedy of Indian Communism '' - K. Damodaran
16 . `` Hungary 1956 : A Participants Account '' - Nicholas Krasso
17 . `` How They Crushed the Prague Spring of 1968 '' - Josef Smrkovsky
18 . `` The Political Culture of Hoxha 's Albania '' - Arshi Pipa
19 . `` The Polish Vortex : Solidarity and Socialism '' - Oliver MacDonald
20 . `` Solzhenitsyn : The Witness and the Prophet '' - Daniel Singer
Epilogue : `` The Heirs of Stalin '' - Yevgeni Yevtushenk
Reception
References
Books critical of capitalism
History books about the Soviet Union
Books about Marxism
Books by Tariq Ali
Trotskyism
1984 non-fiction books
Books about Joseph Stalin
Books about the Soviet Union
English-language books
Josip Broz Tito
Works by Leon Trotsky
Books about Trotskyism
Valentia Thokozile Malinga ( born 19 December 1974 ) is a South African politician and a Member of the National Assembly of South Africa from Mpumalanga . She is a member of the African National Congress .
Background
Malinga has a matric certificate . She studied for a Bachelor of Arts in Education , but could not complete the degree . She is a former member of the mayoral committee in the Lekwa Local Municipality in Mpumalanga and a current member of the provincial executive committee of the African National Congress ( ANC ) . She had previously been the branch secretary of the ANC 's Johnny Mokoena branch , a sub-region convenor of the African National Congress Youth League , and a regional executive committee member and a regional working committee member of the ANC 's Gert Sibande region in Mpumalanga .
In 2014 , she stood for election to the Mpumalanga Provincial Legislature as 26th on the ANC 's list . She was not elected . Malinga then worked as an administrator at the ANC 's Lekwa constituency office until 2016 .
Parliamentary career
In 2019 Malinga stood for election to the South African National Assembly as 7th on the ANC 's list of National Assembly candidates from Mpumalanga . She was elected to the National Assembly in the election .
Malinga currently serves as a member of the Portfolio Committee on Mineral Resources and Energy and as an alternate member of the Portfolio Committee on Public Enterprises .
References
External links
Living people
1974 births
African National Congress politicians
Members of the National Assembly of South Africa
Women members of the National Assembly of South Africa
The Florida Gators football program is a college football team that represents the University of Florida in the sport of American football . The Florida Gators compete in the NCAA Division I Football Bowl Subdivision ( FBS ) of the National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) , and the Eastern Division of the Southeastern Conference ( SEC ) . Twenty-nine men have served as the Gators ' head coach since the university first fielded a team in 1906 , including five who served as interim coach for a portion of a season . Of these , Charlie Bachman , Ray Graves , Doug Dickey , and Steve Spurrier have been inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame . Florida 's head coach has been named as the SEC 's coach of the year on eight occasions .
Two Gators coaches have led the team to SEC championships : Steve Spurrier won six conference titles while Urban Meyer won two . They also led the Gators to their three national championships ; one under Spurrier ( in 1996 ) and two under Meyer ( 2006 and 2008 ) . Spurrier is Florida 's all-time leader in seasons coached ( 12 ) , conference wins ( 87 ) , overall wins ( 122 ) , and winning percentage for coaches serving for two or more seasons ( .817 ) .
Coaches
Key
See also
Florida Gators
History of the University of Florida
List of College Football Hall of Fame inductees ( coaches )
List of Florida Gators in the NFL Draft
List of Florida Gators football seasons
University of Florida Athletic Hall of Fame
University of Florida Athletic Association
Notes
References
Bibliography
2009 Southern Conference Football Media Guide , Year-by-Year Standings , Southern Conference , Spartanburg , South Carolina , pp . 74–77 ( 2009 ) .
2011 Florida Gators Football Media Guide , University Athletic Association , Gainesville , Florida , pp . 116–125 ( 2011 ) .
Carlson , Norm , University of Florida Football Vault : The History of the Florida Gators , Whitman Publishing , LLC , Atlanta , Georgia ( 2007 ) . .
Golenbock , Peter , Go Gators ! An Oral History of Florida 's Pursuit of Gridiron Glory , Legends Publishing , LLC , St. Petersburg , Florida ( 2002 ) . .
Hairston , Jack , Tales from the Gator Swamp : A Collection of the Greatest Gator Stories Ever Told , Sports Publishing , LLC , Champaign , Illinois ( 2002 ) . .
Johnson , Bob , Interviewee Dennis Keith `` Dutch '' Stanley , University of Florida Oral History Project , George A. Smathers Libraries , Digital Collections , Gainesville , Florida ( July 25 , 1974 ) .
Kabat , Ric A. , `` Before the Seminoles : Football at Florida State College , 1902–1904 , Florida Historical Quarterly , vol . LXX , no . 1 ( July 1991 ) .
McCarthy , Kevin M. , Fightin ' Gators : A History of University of Florida Football , Arcadia Publishing , Mount Pleasant , South Carolina ( 2000 ) . .
McEwen , Tom , The Gators : A Story of Florida Football , The Strode Publishers , Huntsville , Alabama ( 1974 ) . .
Nash , Noel , ed. , The Gainesville Sun Presents The Greatest Moments in Florida Gators Football , Sports Publishing , Inc. , Champaign , Illinois ( 1998 ) . .
Proctor , Samuel , & Wright Langley , Gator History : A Pictorial History of the University of Florida , South Star Publishing Company , Gainesville , Florida ( 1986 ) . .
Saylor , Roger , `` Southern Intercollegiate Athletic Association , '' College Football Historical Society , The LA84 Foundation ( 1993 ) .
External links
Florida Coaching Records – Win–loss records of Florida Gators head coaches at College Football Data Warehouse
Florida
football coaches
Daniel McCoy ( July 17 , 1845November 6 , 1908 ) was a Michigan politician .
Early life and education
Daniel McCoy was born on July 17 , 1845 in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania to parents John and Mary Ann McCoy . There , he received a public school education . In 1867 , McCoy moved to Romeo , Michigan .
Career
Once in Michigan , McCoy began a grain business which furnished supplies to the lumbering regions of Michigan . In 1872 , McCoy sold out this business and took to lumbering on the south branch of the Manistee River . In 1873 , McCoy settled in the village of Clam Lake , which is now the city of Cadillac , where he continued his lumbering business for ten years . While there , McCoy ended up holding the positions of village president of Clam Lake , and later mayor of Cadillac . In 1883 , McCoy moved to Grand Rapids , Michigan . There , in 1886 , he organized the Edison Light Company . In 1892 , he organized the State Bank of Michigan . McCoy served as Michigan State Treasurer from 1901 to 1904 . In 1905 , McCoy was appointed a member of the Pioneer Society of the State of Michigan . That same year , McCoy was appointed by Michigan Governor Fred M. Warner , along with Lawton T. Hemans and Arthur Holmes , to be the commissioners to relocate the remains of the first governor of Michigan , Stevens T. Mason , from New York Marble Cemetery in New York City to Capitol Park in Detroit so that they may be reinterned there . Governor Mason 's remains arrived in Detroit on June 4 , 1905 .
Personal life
In 1879 , McCoy married Abigail Lyon Ayers . Together , they had at least one child .
Death
McCoy died on November 6 , 1908 in Grand Rapids . There , he was interred in Oakhill Cemetery .
References
1845 births
1908 deaths
People from Cadillac , Michigan
People from Romeo , Michigan
Politicians from Grand Rapids , Michigan
Politicians from Philadelphia
Mayors of places in Michigan
Michigan Republicans
State treasurers of Michigan
19th-century American politicians
20th-century American politicians
Burials in Michigan
19th-century American businesspeople
Saskia Elemans ( born 11 March 1977 in Nijmegen ) is a Dutch professional cyclo-cross racing cyclist .
Career highlights
2002
1st in Boxtel , Cyclo-cross ( F ) ( NED )
2003
2nd in National Championship , Mountainbike , Elite , The Netherlands ( F ) ( NED )
2004
2nd in Eindhoven , Cyclo-cross ( F ) ( NED )
2007
2nd in Moergestel , Cyclo-cross ( F ) ( NED )
2nd in Veghel-Eerde , Cyclo-cross ( F ) ( NED )
2nd in Overijse , Cyclo-cross ( F ) , Overijse ( BEL )
3rd in Loenhout , Cyclo-cross ( F ) ( BEL )
2008 ( Team Flexpoint )
3rd in National Championship , Cyclo-cross , Elite , The Netherlands ( F ) , Sint Michielsgestel ( NED )
1st in Surhuisterveen Centrumcross ( F ) ( NED )
External links
1977 births
Living people
Dutch female cyclists
Cyclo-cross cyclists
Dutch mountain bikers
Sportspeople from Nijmegen
Cyclists from Gelderland
In computer science , the Bron–Kerbosch algorithm is an enumeration algorithm for finding all maximal cliques in an undirected graph . That is , it lists all subsets of vertices with the two properties that each pair of vertices in one of the listed subsets is connected by an edge , and no listed subset can have any additional vertices added to it while preserving its complete connectivity . The Bron–Kerbosch algorithm was designed by Dutch scientists Coenraad Bron and Joep Kerbosch , who published its description in 1973 .
Although other algorithms for solving the clique problem have running times that are , in theory , better on inputs that have few maximal independent sets , the Bron–Kerbosch algorithm and subsequent improvements to it are frequently reported as being more efficient in practice than the alternatives . It is well-known and widely used in application areas of graph algorithms such as computational chemistry .
A contemporaneous algorithm of , although presented in different terms , can be viewed as being the same as the Bron–Kerbosch algorithm , as it generates the same search tree .
Without pivoting
The basic form of the Bron–Kerbosch algorithm is a recursive backtracking algorithm that searches for all maximal cliques in a given graph G. More generally , given three disjoint sets of vertices R , P , and X , it finds the maximal cliques that include all of the vertices in R , some of the vertices in P , and none of the vertices in X . In each call to the algorithm , P and X are disjoint sets whose union consists of those vertices that form cliques when added to R. In other words , P ∪ X is the set of vertices which are joined to every element of R. When P and X are both empty there are no further elements that can be added to R , so R is a maximal clique and the algorithm outputs R .
The recursion is initiated by setting R and X to be the empty set and P to be the vertex set of the graph . Within each recursive call , the algorithm considers the vertices in P in turn ; if there are no such vertices , it either reports R as a maximal clique ( if X is empty ) , or backtracks . For each vertex v chosen from P , it makes a recursive call in which v is added to R and in which P and X are restricted to the neighbor set N ( v ) of v , which finds and reports all clique extensions of R that contain v. Then , it moves v from P to X to exclude it from consideration in future cliques and continues with the next vertex in P .
That is , in pseudocode , the algorithm performs the following steps :
algorithm BronKerbosch1 ( R , P , X ) is
if P and X are both empty then
report R as a maximal clique
for each vertex v in P do
BronKerbosch1 ( R ⋃ { v } , P ⋂ N ( v ) , X ⋂ N ( v ) )
P : = P \ { v }
X : = X ⋃ { v }
With pivoting
The basic form of the algorithm , described above , is inefficient in the case of graphs with many non-maximal cliques : it makes a recursive call for every clique , maximal or not . To save time and allow the algorithm to backtrack more quickly in branches of the search that contain no maximal cliques , Bron and Kerbosch introduced a variant of the algorithm involving a `` pivot vertex '' u , chosen from P ( or more generally , as later investigators realized , from P ⋃ X ) . Any maximal clique must include either u or one of its non-neighbors , for otherwise the clique could be augmented by adding u to it . Therefore , only u and its non-neighbors need to be tested as the choices for the vertex v that is added to R in each recursive call to the algorithm . In pseudocode :
algorithm BronKerbosch2 ( R , P , X ) is
if P and X are both empty then
report R as a maximal clique
choose a pivot vertex u in P ⋃ X
for each vertex v in P \ N ( u ) do
BronKerbosch2 ( R ⋃ { v } , P ⋂ N ( v ) , X ⋂ N ( v ) )
P : = P \ { v }
X : = X ⋃ { v }
If the pivot is chosen to minimize the number of recursive calls made by the algorithm , the savings in running time compared to the non-pivoting version of the algorithm can be significant .
With vertex ordering
An alternative method for improving the basic form of the Bron–Kerbosch algorithm involves forgoing pivoting at the outermost level of recursion , and instead choosing the ordering of the recursive calls carefully in order to minimize the sizes of the sets of candidate vertices within each recursive call .
The degeneracy of a graph is the smallest number such that every subgraph of has a vertex with degree or less . Every graph has a degeneracy ordering , an ordering of the vertices such that each vertex has or fewer neighbors that come later in the ordering ; a degeneracy ordering may be found in linear time by repeatedly selecting the vertex of minimum degree among the remaining vertices . If the order of the vertices that the Bron–Kerbosch algorithm loops through is a degeneracy ordering , then the set of candidate vertices in each call ( the neighbors of that are later in the ordering ) will be guaranteed to have size at most . The set of excluded vertices will consist of all earlier neighbors of , and may be much larger than . In recursive calls to the algorithm below the topmost level of the recursion , the pivoting version can still be used .
In pseudocode , the algorithm performs the following steps :
algorithm BronKerbosch3 ( G ) is
P = V ( G )
R = X = empty
for each vertex v in a degeneracy ordering of G do
BronKerbosch2 ( { v } , P ⋂ N ( v ) , X ⋂ N ( v ) )
P : = P \ { v }
X : = X ⋃ { v }
This variant of the algorithm can be proven to be efficient for graphs of small degeneracy , and experiments show that it also works well in practice for large sparse social networks and other real-world graphs .
Example
In the example graph shown , the algorithm is initially called with R = Ø , P = { 1,2,3,4,5,6 } , and X = Ø . The pivot u should be chosen as one of the degree-three vertices , to minimize the number of recursive calls ; for instance , suppose that u is chosen to be vertex 2 . Then there are three remaining vertices in P \ N ( u ) : vertices 2 , 4 , and 6 .
The iteration of the inner loop of the algorithm for v = 2 makes a recursive call to the algorithm with R = { 2 } , P = { 1,3,5 } , and X = Ø . Within this recursive call , one of 1 or 5 will be chosen as a pivot , and there will be two second-level recursive calls , one for vertex 3 and the other for whichever vertex was not chosen as pivot . These two calls will eventually report the two cliques { 1,2,5 } and { 2,3 } . After returning from these recursive calls , vertex 2 is added to X and removed from P .
The iteration of the inner loop of the algorithm for v = 4 makes a recursive call to the algorithm with R = { 4 } , P = { 3,5,6 } , and X = Ø ( although vertex 2 belongs to the set X in the outer call to the algorithm , it is not a neighbor of v and is excluded from the subset of X passed to the recursive call ) . This recursive call will end up making three second-level recursive calls to the algorithm that report the three cliques { 3,4 } , { 4,5 } , and { 4,6 } . Then , vertex 4 is added to X and removed from P .
In the third and final iteration of the inner loop of the algorithm , for v = 6 , there is a recursive call to the algorithm with R = { 6 } , P = Ø , and X = { 4 } . Because this recursive call has P empty and X non-empty , it immediately backtracks without reporting any more cliques , as there can be no maximal clique that includes vertex 6 and excludes vertex 4 .
The call tree for the algorithm , therefore , looks like :
BronKerbosch2 ( Ø , { 1,2,3,4,5,6 } , Ø )
BronKerbosch2 ( { 2 } , { 1,3,5 } , Ø )
BronKerbosch2 ( { 2,3 } , Ø , Ø ) : output { 2 , 3 }
BronKerbosch2 ( { 2,5 } , { 1 } , Ø )
BronKerbosch2 ( { 1,2,5 } , Ø , Ø ) : output { 1,2,5 }
BronKerbosch2 ( { 4 } , { 3,5,6 } , Ø )
BronKerbosch2 ( { 3,4 } , Ø , Ø ) : output { 3,4 }
BronKerbosch2 ( { 4,5 } , Ø , Ø ) : output { 4,5 }
BronKerbosch2 ( { 4,6 } , Ø , Ø ) : output { 4,6 }
BronKerbosch2 ( { 6 } , Ø , { 4 } ) : no output
The graph in the example has degeneracy two ; one possible degeneracy ordering is 6,4,3,1,2,5 . If the vertex-ordering version of the Bron–Kerbosch algorithm is applied to the vertices , in this order , the call tree looks like
BronKerbosch3 ( G )
BronKerbosch2 ( { 6 } , { 4 } , Ø )
BronKerbosch2 ( { 6,4 } , Ø , Ø ) : output { 6,4 }
BronKerbosch2 ( { 4 } , { 3,5 } , { 6 } )
BronKerbosch2 ( { 4,3 } , Ø , Ø ) : output { 4,3 }
BronKerbosch2 ( { 4,5 } , Ø , Ø ) : output { 4,5 }
BronKerbosch2 ( { 3 } , { 2 } , { 4 } )
BronKerbosch2 ( { 3,2 } , Ø , Ø ) : output { 3,2 }
BronKerbosch2 ( { 1 } , { 2,5 } , Ø )
BronKerbosch2 ( { 1,2 } , { 5 } , Ø )
BronKerbosch2 ( { 1,2,5 } , Ø , Ø ) : output { 1,2,5 }
BronKerbosch2 ( { 2 } , { 5 } , { 1,3 } ) : no output
BronKerbosch2 ( { 5 } , Ø , { 1,2,4 } ) : no output
Worst-case analysis
The Bron–Kerbosch algorithm is not an output-sensitive algorithm : unlike some other algorithms for the clique problem , it does not run in polynomial time per maximal clique generated . However , it is efficient in a worst-case sense : by a result of , any n-vertex graph has at most 3n/3 maximal cliques , and the worst-case running time of the Bron–Kerbosch algorithm ( with a pivot strategy that minimizes the number of recursive calls made at each step ) is O ( 3n/3 ) , matching this bound .
For sparse graphs , tighter bounds are possible . In particular the vertex-ordering version of the Bron–Kerbosch algorithm can be made to run in time , where is the degeneracy of the graph , a measure of its sparseness . There exist -degenerate graphs for which the total number of maximal cliques is , so this bound is close to tight .
Notes
References
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
External links
Review of the Bron-Kerbosch algorithm and variations by Alessio Conte
Bron-Kerbosch algorithm implementation visualized in Javascript
Bron-Kerbosch algorithm implementation in Python
Bron-Kerbosch algorithm with vertex ordering implementation in Python
Bron-Kerbosch algorithm implementation in C++
Bron-Kerbosch algorithm implementation in C++11 with unit tests
C++ implementation of the algorithms presented in Eppstein , Strash ( 2011 ) by Darren Strash
Finding all cliques of an undirected graph . Seminar notes by Michaela Regneri , January 11 , 2007 .
Bron-Kerbosch , algorithms implementation in PHP , library with composer install by Sergio Zambrano
Graph algorithms
Articles with example pseudocode
Chaetomium is a genus of fungi in the Chaetomiaceae family . It is a dematiaceous ( dark-walled ) mold normally found in soil , air , cellulose and plant debris . According to the Dictionary of the Fungi ( 10th edition , 2008 ) , there are about 95 species in the widespread genus .
In 1817 Gustav Kunze established the genus Chaetomium ( the plume of the helmet ) to classify the species C. globosum and C. elatum . No further contributions to the genus were made until 1837 when the publication of Corda described its characteristic asci in his work , Icones Fungorum Hucusque Cognitorum . In 1915 , Arthur Houston Chivers produced a complete monographic treatment of the genus , recognizing only 28 of the described 114 species .
Members of this genus typically have superficial , ostiolar perithecia , covered in hairs . Asci are often clavate and evanescent , bearing eight spores . Ascospores are usually lemon-shaped , commonly colored olive-brown . Mycelia often grows in conglomerate masses that resemble ropes .
As well as being a contaminant , Chaetomium spp . are also encountered as causative agents of infections in humans . Many cases cause type 1 allergic reactions and infections . A few cases of fatal deep infections due to Chaetomium atrobrunneum have been reported in immunocompromised people . Other clinical syndromes include brain abscess , peritonitis , and onychomycosis .
Selected species
Chaetomium atrobrunneum
Chaetomium carinthiacum
Chaetomium cupreum
Chaetomium cellulolyticum
Chaetomium elatum
Chaetomium funicola
Chaetomium globosum
Chaetomium grande
Chaetomium interruptum
Chaetomium iranianum
Chaetomium jatrophae
Chaetomium megalocarpum
Chaetomium perlucidum
Chaetomium rectangulare
Chaetomium strumarium
Chaetomium subspirale
Chaetomium thermophilum
Chaetomium truncatulum
Chaetomium olivaceum
Chaetomium undulatulum
References
Sordariomycetes genera
Robert McCartney was a Scottish footballer who played as a defender . He began and ended his senior career with Leith Athletic , spending his prime years at Heart of Midlothian where he won the Scottish Cup in 1896 and the Scottish Football League championship in 1896–97 , playing in all but one of the 18 fixtures ; he also claimed two winner 's medals each from the minor Rosebery Charity Cup ( to add to one from his first spell at Leith ) and East of Scotland Shield .
McCartney was selected once for the Scottish League XI in January 1898 .
References
Place of birth missing
Year of birth missing
19th-century births
Year of death missing
20th-century deaths
Place of death missing
Scottish footballers
Association football defenders
Heart of Midlothian F.C . players
Leith Athletic F.C . players
Scottish Football League players
Scottish Football League representative players
Willie Reed Jr. ( born May 16 , 1990 ) is an American professional basketball player who last played for Budućnost of the Montenegrin Basketball League . He played college basketball for Saint Louis University .
College career
Reed spent two seasons playing for Saint Louis University between 2008–09 and 2009–10 . Reed , who had had previous run-ins with Saint Louis University 's student conduct board , was suspended during the Fall semester of the 2010–11 academic year for his involvement in a controversial sexual assault incident involving three other players . He returned at the start of the Spring semester but was later `` administratively withdrawn '' by the university for failing to meet the terms of his reinstatement as a student .
In April 2011 , Reed declared for the NBA draft , forgoing his final two years of college eligibility .
Professional career
2011–12 season
Reed went undrafted in the 2011 NBA draft . In August 2011 , he signed a two-year deal with CB Sant Josep of Spain . He later left before the start of the regular season .
2012–13 season
On September 21 , 2012 , Reed signed with the Sacramento Kings . However , he was later waived by the Kings on October 26 , 2012 . In November 2012 , he was acquired by the Springfield Armor of the NBA D-League . He went on to earn Honorable Mention All-Development League Team honors after averaging 14.8 points and 7.8 rebounds per game throughout the 2012–13 season .
On April 17 , 2013 , he signed with the Memphis Grizzlies for the remainder of the season .
2013–14 season
In July 2013 , Reed joined the Memphis Grizzlies for the 2013 NBA Summer League . On October 26 , 2013 , he was waived by the Grizzlies before appearing in a regular season game for them .
On November 1 , 2013 , he was re-acquired by the Springfield Armor .
On March 28 , 2014 , he signed with the Sacramento Kings for the rest of the season , but was immediately assigned to the Reno Bighorns . On April 9 , 2014 , he was recalled by the Kings . The next day , he was reassigned to the Bighorns . On April 14 , 2014 , he was recalled by the Kings .
On June 29 , 2014 , Reed was waived by the Kings before he appeared in a game for them .
2014–15 season
In July 2014 , Reed joined the Indiana Pacers for the 2014 NBA Summer League . On September 25 , 2014 , he signed with the Brooklyn Nets . However , he was later waived by the Nets on October 23 , 2014 . He then signed with the Israeli Super League club Hapoel Eilat , but he played in just one game with the club .
On November 21 , 2014 , Reed was acquired by the Grand Rapids Drive . On February 4 , 2015 , he was named to the Futures All-Star team for the 2015 NBA D-League All-Star Game . On February 26 , he was traded to the Iowa Energy in exchange for Diante Garrett .
On April 28 , 2015 , Reed signed with Metros de Santiago of the Liga Nacional de Baloncesto . He played 10 games for Metros between May 20 and June 15 .
2015–16 season
On July 1 , 2015 , Reed joined the Miami Heat for the 2015 NBA Summer League . However , on July 9 , he left the Heat 's summer league team and signed a one-year , $ 500,000 contract with the Brooklyn Nets . On October 14 , Reed suffered a torn ulnar collateral ligament in his right thumb in a preseason game against the Boston Celtics and underwent surgery to repair it , leaving him out of action for six to eight weeks . On December 4 , Reed made his long-awaited NBA debut , recording eight points in 11 minutes against the New York Knicks . On January 22 , 2016 , he scored a season-high 12 points in a loss to the Utah Jazz . On April 6 , he left the team for the remainder of the season due to personal reasons .
2016–17 season
On July 13 , 2016 , Reed signed with the Miami Heat . He made his debut for the Heat in their season opener on October 26 against the Orlando Magic . In 17 minutes off the bench , he recorded 10 points , six rebounds , one assist and one block in a 108–96 win . On January 3 , 2017 , he recorded career highs of 22 points and 18 rebounds in a 99–90 loss to the Phoenix Suns . Three days later , he had a second 22-point effort in a 127–100 loss to the Los Angeles Lakers .
2017–18 season
On August 3 , 2017 , Reed signed to a one-year , $ 1.5 million contract with the Los Angeles Clippers .
On January 29 , 2018 , Reed , along with Blake Griffin and Brice Johnson , was traded to the Detroit Pistons in exchange for Avery Bradley , Tobias Harris , Boban Marjanović , a future protected first-round draft pick and a future second-round draft pick . On February 6 , 2018 , Reed was suspended by the NBA for six games without pay as a result of a domestic violence incident involving his wife on August 5 , 2017 . Two days later , he was traded to the Chicago Bulls alongside future second-round draft considerations in exchange for Jameer Nelson . He was immediately waived by the Bulls upon being acquired .
2018–19 season
On October 20 , 2018 , Reed was selected with the first overall pick in the 2018 NBA G League Draft by the Salt Lake City Stars . Reed played 21 games for the Stars , averaging 20.1 points and 11.2 rebounds per contest . On January 16 , 2019 , Reed suffered a season-ending shoulder injury and was waived by the team .
2019–20 season
On October 26 , 2019 , Reed signed with the Greek EuroLeague team Olympiacos . He was released by Olympiacos on January 10 , 2020 , after averaging 6.5 points and 2.8 rebounds in 11 games .
On January 22 , 2020 , Reed was acquired by the Salt Lake City Stars , returning to the franchise for a second stint .
2020–21 season
On September 17 , 2020 , Reed signed with Budućnost of the Montenegrin Basketball League . He was named to the All-EuroCup First Team .
2021–22 season
On August 26 , 2021 , Reed extended his contract with Budućnost .
NBA career statistics
Regular season
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' |
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | Brooklyn
| 39 || 2 || 10.9 || .571 || .000 || .545 || 3.1 || .3 || .2 || .8 || 4.7
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' |
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | Miami
| 71 || 5 || 14.5 || .568 || .200 || .557 || 4.7 || .4 || .3 || .7 || 5.3
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' |
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | L.A. Clippers
| 39 || 5 || 14.5 || .667 || .500 || .582 || 3.1 || .2 || .2 || .6 || 4.9
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' |
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | Detroit
| 3 || 0 || 3.0 || 1.000 || .000 || .000 || .3 || .3 || .0 || .0 || 0.7
|-
| style= '' text-align : center ; '' colspan= '' 2 '' | Career
| 152 || 12 || 12.4 || .592 || .333 || .561 || 3.8 || .3 || .2 || .7 || 4.9
References
External links
Euroleague.net profile
Eurobasket.com profile
Proballers.com profile
1990 births
Living people
African-American basketball players
American expatriate basketball people in the Dominican Republic
American expatriate basketball people in Greece
American expatriate basketball people in Israel
American expatriate basketball people in Montenegro
American men 's basketball players
Basketball players from Kansas City , Missouri
Bishop Miege High School alumni
Brooklyn Nets players
Centers ( basketball )
Detroit Pistons players
Grand Rapids Drive players
Hapoel Eilat basketball players
Iowa Energy players
KK Budućnost players
Los Angeles Clippers players
Miami Heat players
Olympiacos B.C . players
Reno Bighorns players
Saint Louis Billikens men 's basketball players
Salt Lake City Stars players
Springfield Armor players
Undrafted National Basketball Association players
21st-century African-American sportspeople
21st-century African-American men
The 2015 Women 's Junior African Volleyball Championship was held in Egypt from 27 February – 1 March 2015 .
Round-Robin
Pool
| }
| }
Final standing
Individual awards
Most Valuable Player
Best Spiker
Best Blocker
Best Server
Best Setter
Best Receiver
Best Libero
External links
CAVB official website
Women 's African Volleyball Championship
Africa
2015 in Egyptian sport
International volleyball competitions hosted by Egypt
Vladimir Yuryevich Kulik ( ; born 18 February 1972 ) is a Russian former professional footballer .
Club career
He made his professional debut in the Soviet Second League in 1989 for FC Kirovets Leningrad .
In 2000 , Arsenal and Manchester United tried to buy Vladimir Kulik 's rights . Kulik had accepted Arsenal deal , however his work license was failed because he never played for Russian national football team . He was called up to the national team once in 1997 , but remained on the bench .
Post-playing career
After retirement he works as a player agent .
Honours
Russian Premier League runner-up : 1998 .
Russian Premier League bronze : 1999 .
Russian Cup winner : 2002 ( played in the early stages of the 2001/02 tournament for PFC CSKA Moscow ) .
Russian Cup finalist : 2000 .
European club competitions
With PFC CSKA Moscow .
UEFA Champions League 1999–2000 qualification : 2 games .
UEFA Cup 2000–01 : 2 games .
References
1972 births
Footballers from Saint Petersburg
Living people
Soviet footballers
Soviet Union under-21 international footballers
Russian footballers
Russia under-21 international footballers
Association football forwards
FC Zenit Saint Petersburg players
Russian Premier League players
PFC CSKA Moscow players
Association football agents
Gary Montez Thurman ( born November 12 , 1964 ) is an American former professional baseball outfielder . He played for nine seasons in Major League Baseball ( MLB ) for the Kansas City Royals , Detroit Tigers , Seattle Mariners , and New York Mets . He was drafted by the Royals in the first round ( 21st pick ) of the 1983 amateur draft . Thurman played his first professional season with their rookie-league Gulf Coast Royals in 1983 , and his last with the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim 's Triple-A affiliate , the Vancouver Canadians , in 1998 .
After his playing career , Thurman held various coaching and instructional roles . In 2007 , he served as first base coach for the Mariners for the second-half of the season . He was the coordinator of baserunning for the Cleveland Indians during 2008–2011 . He was the first base coach for the Miami Marlins for the 2012 season . He was the outfield and baserunning coordinator for the Washington Nationals for the 2017 season .
References
External links
Career statistics and player information from The Baseball Cube , or Baseball Reference , or Baseball Reference ( Minors ) , or Retrosheet , or Venezuelan Professional Baseball League
1964 births
Living people
African-American baseball players
American expatriate baseball players in Canada
Baseball coaches from Indiana
Baseball players from Indianapolis
Charleston Royals players
Detroit Tigers players
Fort Myers Royals players
Gulf Coast Royals players
Kansas City Royals players
Leones del Caracas players
Major League Baseball outfielders
Memphis Chicks players
Miami Marlins coaches
Minor league baseball managers
Nashville Sounds players
New York Mets players
Newark Bears players
Norfolk Tides players
Omaha Royals players
Ottawa Lynx players
Seattle Mariners players
Seattle Mariners coaches
Tacoma Rainiers players
Tiburones de La Guaira players
American expatriate baseball players in Venezuela
Vancouver Canadians players
21st-century African-American people
20th-century African-American sportspeople
( 15 January 1943 – 15 September 2018 ) was a Japanese actress for Japanese cinema and television .
Biography
Kiki was born on January 15 , 1943 in Kanda , Tokyo . Her father was a master of the biwa lute and a former police officer . Her mother owned a cafe in Jinbōchō , Tokyo and a restaurant in Noge , Yokohama , the latter being Kiki 's maternal parents ' home . Her mother was seven years senior to her father and had a child from both her two previous marriages .
After graduating from high school , she started her acting career in the early 1960s as a member of the Bungakuza theater troupe using the stage name Chiho Yūki ( 悠木千帆 ) . She eventually gained fame for performing uniquely comedic and eccentric roles on such television shows as Jikan desu yo and Terauchi Kantarō ikka and in television commercials . She changed her name to `` Kirin Kiki '' when , after being asked on a television show to auction off something of hers , she ended up selling her first stage name , claiming she had `` nothing else to sell . ''
While battling various ailments , including a detached retina in 2003 and breast cancer in 2005 , Kiki continued to act and won several awards , including the best actress Japan Academy Prize for Mom and Me , and Sometimes Dad in 2008 , the best supporting actress award from the Yokohama Film Festival for her work in Kamikaze Girls and Half a Confession in 2004 , and the best supporting actress Blue Ribbon Award for Still Walking in 2008 .
Personal life
Kiki married fellow Bungakuza actor Shin Kishida . They separated in 1968 . She married musician Yuya Uchida in 1973 , and remained legally married to him though they separated in 1975 . Their daughter , Yayako Uchida , is an essayist and musician , and portrayed the younger self of Kiki 's character in the film Tokyo Tower : Mom and Me , and Sometimes Dad . Yayako Uchida is married to the actor Masahiro Motoki , who was adopted into the Uchida family as a mukoyōshi . Kirin 's granddaughter Kyara Uchida has appeared with her in two films , I Wish and Sweet Bean .
Kiki was diagnosed with cancer in 2004 and underwent a mastectomy . She died of cancer , and related illnesses , on 15 September 2018 .
Selected filmography
Film
Zoku Yoidore hakase ( 1966 ) - Fumiko
Lake of Tears ( 1966 ) - Kayo Sugumo
Tonogata goyôjin ( 1966 )
Tabiji ( 1967 ) - Chie
Aniki no koibito ( 1968 ) - Sanae
Kamisama no koibito ( 1968 ) - Aiko Yamagami
Dai bakuhatsu ( 1969 )
Tora-san , His Tender Love ( 1970 ) - Maid in Shinshû
Aka chôchin ( 1974 )
Akumyo : shima arashi ( 1974 ) - Oshige
Jack and the Beanstalk ( 1974 ) - Madam Noir ( voice )
Honô no shôzô ( 1974 )
Abayo dachikô ( 1974 )
Mamushi to aodaishô ( 1975 ) - Kiku Matsukawa
Za.Dorifutazu no kamo da ! ! Goyo da ! ! ( 1975 ) - tomiko
Eden no umi ( 1976 ) - Orittsan
Sachiko no sachi ( 1976 ) - Momoe
Onna kyôshi ( 1977 ) - Yuriko Yokoyama
Ballad of Orin ( 1977 ) - Tama Ichise
Wani to oum to ottosei ( 1977 ) - Mary
Taro the Dragon Boy ( 1979 ) - Yamanba ( voice )
Sochô no kubi ( 1979 ) - Okonomiyaki Manager
Kindaichi Kosuke no boken ( 1979 ) - Tane
Kamisamaga kureta akanbô ( 1979 ) - Woman who brought a boy
Zigeunerweisen ( 1980 ) - Kimi
Otake shinobu no a ! Kono ai nakuba ganbasseyo Kuni-chan ( 1980 )
Tosa No Ipponzuri ( 1980 ) - Fuki
Nogiku no haka ( 1981 ) - Omasu
Tenkōsei ( 1982 ) - Naoko Saitoh
Keiji monogatari ( 1982 ) - Sumi Yashiro
Santô kôkôsei ( 1982 )
Amagi goe ( 1983 ) - Ryosaku 's Wife
Hometown ( 1983 ) - Yoshi
Capone Cries a Lot ( 1985 ) - Sene Tachikawa
Lonely Heart ( 1985 ) - Terue Amano
Yumechiyo nikki ( 1985 ) - Kikuyakko
Kyôshû ( 1988 ) - Mine Kamioka
Tsuru ( 1988 ) - Yura
Daidokoro No Seijo ( 1988 ) - Hisajo Sugita
Kaze no Matasaburô - Garasu no manto ( 1989 ) - Otane
Donmai ( 1990 ) - Hanako
Rainbow Kids ( 1991 ) - Kura Nakamura
Sensou to seishun ( 1991 ) - Etsuko Onoki
Za Chugaku kyoshi ( 1992 )
The Triple Cross ( 1992 )
Yearning ( 1993 ) - Omatsu
Rampo ( 1994 ) - Housewife / Head of maid
Toki no kagayaki ( 1995 ) - Nagashima
Rintaro ( 輝け！隣太郎 , Kagayake ! Rintaro ) ( 1995 , she also sang the title song ( with Toshiaki Karasawa ) )
Oishinbo ( 1996 )
Koi to hanabi to kanransha ( 1997 ) - Sanae Mita
Hissatsu shimatsunin ( 1997 ) - Otora
Ashita heno kakehashi ( 1997 )
39 keihô dai sanjûkyû jô ( 1997 ) - Defence Counsel Shigure Nagamura
Zawa-zawa Shimo-Kitazawa ( 2000 ) - Fan of Kyushiro
Drug ( 2001 ) - Yoshie Hirakawa
Tôkyô Marîgôrudo ( 2001 ) - Ritsuko Sakai
Pistol Opera ( 2001 ) - Rin
Danbôru hausu gâru ( 2001 )
Inochi ( 2002 ) - Mother
Returner ( 2002 ) - Xie
Yoru o kakete ( 2002 )
Hotaru no hoshi ( 2003 ) - Headmistress
Half a Confession ( 2004 ) - Yasuko Shimamura
Kamikaze Girls ( 2004 ) - Momoko 's Grandmother
Izo ( 2004 )
Chekeraccho ! ! ( 2006 ) - Chisa Haebaru
Brave Story ( 2006 ) - Onba ( voice )
Akai kujira to shiroi hebi ( 2006 ) - Midori Ohara
Tôkyô tawâ : Okan to boku to , tokidoki , oton ( 2007 ) - Eiko Nakagawa
Saido kâ ni inu ( 2007 ) - Granny Tome
Still Walking ( 2008 ) - Toshiko Yokoyama
Tokyo Tower : Mom and Me , and Sometimes Dad ( 2008 )
Miyagino ( 2008 ) - Madam
The Borrower Arrietty ( 2010 ) - Haru ( voice )
Villain ( 2010 ) - Fusae Shimizu
Ghost : In Your Arms Again ( 2010 )
Ôki-ke no tanoshii ryokô : Shinkon jigoku-hen ( 2011 )
Hanezu ( 2011 ) - Takumi 's Mother
I Wish ( 2011 ) - Hideko ( Grandmother )
Chronicle of My Mother ( 2011 ) - Yae
Tsunagu ( 2012 ) - Aiko
Yakusoku : Nabari dokubudôshu jiken shikeishû no shôgai ( 2013 ) - Iatsuno okunishi
Like Father , Like Son ( 2013 ) - Riko Ishizeki
Sweet Bean ( 2015 ; Best Performance by an Actress , Asia Pacific Screen Awards 2015 ) - Tokue
Our Little Sister ( 2015 ) - Fumiyo Kikuchi
Kakekomi onna to kakedashi otoko ( 2015 ) - Genbee
After the Storm ( 2016 ) – Yoshiko
Mori , The Artist 's Habitat ( 2018 ) - Hideko Kumagai
Shoplifters ( 2018 ) - Hatsue Shibata
Every Day A Good Day ( 2018 ) - Ms. Takeda
Cherry Blossoms and Demons ( 2019 ) - Großmutter von Yu
Erica 38 ( 2019 ) - Erica 's mother ( final film role )
Television
Shadow Warriors ( 1980-1986 ) - Orin
Hanekonma ( 1986 ) - Yae ( Hanekonma 's mother )
Tobu ga Gotoku ( 1990 ) - Ikushima
Kimi no Na wa ( 1991 )
Aoi ( 2000 ) - Lady Kasuga
Honours
Medal with Purple Ribbon ( 2008 )
Order of the Rising Sun , 4th Class , Gold Rays with Rosette ( 2014 )
References
External links
1943 births
2018 deaths
20th-century Japanese actresses
21st-century Japanese actresses
Actresses from Tokyo
Recipients of the Medal with Purple Ribbon
Recipients of the Order of the Rising Sun , 4th class
Deaths from cancer in Japan
deaths from breast cancer
Asia Pacific Screen Award winners
Ralph Tyler may refer to :
Ralph W. Tyler ( 1902–1994 ) , American educator
Ralph Waldo Tyler ( 1860–1921 ) , African-American journalist
Mickey Fisher may refer to :
Mickey Fisher ( politician )
Mickey Fisher ( screenwriter )
Mickey Fisher ( basketball )
The Laos national rugby union team represents Laos in international rugby union . The team 's first international match was against Malaysia in 1974 , losing 34 points to 10 . After this the Laotian team did not field an international side again until 2006 . With the recent reorganisation of the Asian rugby union competition structure they are set to play more often in the future . The Lao Rugby Federation is the governing body . Laos has been an associate member of World Rugby ( formerly IRB ) since November 2004 .
External links
Lao Rugby official site
Laos on IRB.com
Laos on rugbydata.com
Asian national rugby union teams
Rugby union in Laos
Rugby union
Malo Konare ( ) is a village in Pazardzhik Municipality , Pazardzhik Province , southern Bulgaria . it has 4,677 inhabitants , which places it among the largest villages in Thrace .
It is located at altitude of 205 metres above the sea level , to the east of Pazardzhik in a fertile plain . Agriculture is the main occupation for the population . The main products are cereals , rice , vegetables ( tomatoes , peppers , watermelons , potatoes , cabbages , beans ) , orchards , grapes . Livestock breeding is also well-developed , including mainly cattle , pigs , poultry . The village has a kindergarten , school , chitalishte and library with more than 14,000 books .
There is a church `` Sv . Atanasii '' built in 1802 . The ruins of an ancient Thracian town are to the east .
Villages in Pazardzhik Province
Switch Up may refer to :
Switch Up ( Big Sean song )
Switch Up ( R. Kelly song )
SwitchUp , an online coding and computing programing platform
The Federal Prison Camp , Duluth ( FPC Duluth ) is a minimum-security federal prison in the north central United States , located in Minnesota for male offenders . It is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons , a division of the United States Department of Justice .
FPC Duluth is located on the former Duluth Air Force Base near the southwestern tip of Lake Superior , halfway between Minneapolis–St . Paul and the Canada–United States border , and north of Duluth .
Inmate life
On March 29 , 2011 , a reporter from a CBS affiliate station in Minnesota interviewed Denny Hecker ( 15080-041 ) , an inmate at FPC Duluth . Hecker , who made millions of dollars as the owner of car dealerships , was serving a 10-year sentence after pleading guilty to bankruptcy fraud in 2010 . The reporter , Esme Murphy , described the interview :
He was dressed in surplus army fatigues from the 1960s , the uniform of all inmates .
. . .
He described a life that to some might not sound so bad . He works out every day with weights in a fully equipped prison gym . He says the food is good . There is a salad bar and at times fresh cinnamon rolls for breakfast . There is a prison movie theater he can go to . The former auto mogul sleeps in a bunk bed in a room with three other men in a residential dorm-like building . Now he said `` the minutes are like hours , the hours like days . '' Sometimes he spends hours looking at the planes fly overhead to the nearby Air Force base . In prison , he had his first job interview in more than 30 years . He wanted to teach business to other inmates , instead he was assigned to wash floors .
Hecker has since been transferred to the Federal Correctional Institution , Loretto , a low-security facility in Pennsylvania with an adjacent minimum-security satellite prison camp . He was released July 3 , 2018 .
Notable inmates ( current and former )
See also
List of U.S. federal prisons
Federal Bureau of Prisons
Incarceration in the United States
References
External links
Prisons in Minnesota
Duluth
Jaime Cortés ( born 26 July 1964 ) is a former professional tennis player from Colombia .
Biography
Born in Bogotá , Cortés was a right-handed player , based in Fort Lauderdale , Florida .
Between 1989 and 1998 he featured in a total of 11 Davis Cup ties for Colombia , winning seven matches .
On the professional tour he had the best ranking of 200 in the world and made two appearances in the main draw of the Colombia Open , an ATP Tour tournament in his home city .
Cortés now runs a tennis academy in Bogotá .
References
External links
1964 births
Living people
Colombian male tennis players
Sportspeople from Bogotá
20th-century Colombian people
21st-century Colombian people
The Dabur class is a class of patrol boats built at the Sewart Seacraft ( now Swiftships ) shipyard in the United States for the Israeli Navy . These naval vessels are also built by IAI-Ramta .
Design
The Dabur class has a displacement of 35 tons ( 45 tons loaded ) The ships have a length of , a beam of and a draft of . The ships are crewed by a complement of six to eight officers and ratings . The hull is made of aluminum .
The first Dabur-class vessels were laid down in 1970 , with 12 hulls built by Swiftships in Morgan City Louisiana and 22 more built by IAI-Ramta for a total of 34 . The class is designed to be light and is able to be carried overland . They have good rough weather capability , however they were not considered fast enough to cope with current threat capabilities and were phased out in the Israeli Navy for newer ships .
Propulsion
The class is powered by two diesel General Motors type 12V71TN creating driving two shafts . This gives the ships a maximum speed of and a patrol speed of . The effective range at maximum speed is and at patrol speed , .
Armament
The boats are armed with two Oerlikon 20 mm cannons , two 12.7 mm machine guns . Two torpedo tubes are provided for the Mark 46 torpedo and there is space for two racks of depth charges . Carl Gustav recoilless rifles are carried aboard the ships for anti-terrorist purposes .
Exports
In 1976 , five of the class were given to the Christian Lebanese Forces Militia in Lebanon , but they were later returned in 1990 . In 1978 Israel sold four of the class to Argentina and four to Nicaragua . In 1984 they sold two to Sri Lanka . In 1991 four more were sold to Fiji and six to Chile . Chile bought four more in 1995 , and Nicaragua purchased three more in 1996 .
Service history
Dabur-class boats first battle engagements were made in the October 1973 Yom Kippur War . During the war , two Dabur boats attacked an Egyptian commando force in its own port at Marse Talamat and destroyed speed boats and rubber dinghies just as they were preparing for attacks on Israeli targets in the Sinai Peninsula .
Operators
( 4 units )
( 3 units )
( 4 units )
RFNS 301 Vai ( 1991 )
RFNS 302 Ogo ( 1991 )
RFNS 303 Saku ( 1991 )
RFNS 304 Saqa ( 1991 )
( 2 units )
( 8 to 10 units )
Former operators
( decommissioned )
Lebanese Forces : 5 units , returned to Israel after October 1990 .
Notes
References
Secondary sources
Alain Menargues , Les Secrets de la guerre du Liban : Du coup d'état de Béchir Gémayel aux massacres des camps palestiniens , Albin Michel , Paris 2004 . ( in French )
Claire Hoy and Victor Ostrovsky , By Way of Deception : The Making and Unmaking of a Mossad Officer , St. Martin 's Press , New York 1990 .
External links
Naval ships of Israel
Patrol boat classes
Advertising sequence in which a visitor receives ads from one advertiser throughout an entire site visit .
Information
Recently introduced by the online unit of the New York Times , the `` surround session '' is creating a major buzz in the online advertising community . The session model represents a potentially significant shift in the way advertisers view online media , as more emphasis is placed on the real interaction between advertisers and audiences .
In a surround session , an advertiser has all or most of the ads on each page for a visitor 's entire site visit . As the visitor moves from page to page , the same advertiser is represented in various ad placements . This could allow for reinforcement of an advertiser 's message , or possibly the creative use of a story line across several pages .
As currently proposed , an advertiser only pays for sessions that reach a predetermined amount of page views , and does not pay for any views in short sessions or the extra views in long sessions . The number of guaranteed page views per session is likely to vary , depending on what buyers are looking to purchase and what publishers are able to deliver .
The move to a session-based model might even give new life to beleaguered metrics such as the click-through . Many marketers equate a 1 % click-through rate with only 1 in 100 visitors clicking on an advertisement . At best , this assumption is slightly imprecise ... at worst , it is grossly inaccurate . For example , assume that a particularly `` sticky '' site averages 11 page views per visitor and a 3 % click-through rate . This means that up to 33 % of the audience could have responded to the advertisement , assuming no duplicate clicks .
Perhaps most significantly , the surround session is one of the first advertising ideas in recent times that does not further degrade the user experience . This new method of packaging ads does not require longer download times , more screen space , or annoying browser tricks .
Advertising
The Spähpanzer SP I.C . ( also known as SPIC ) was the experimental model of a West German reconnaissance scout light tank with anti-tank components . It was developed from 1956 in order to increase the anti-tank capabilities of reconnaissance tank battalions , but the project eventually declined . There are two blueprint prototype versions of the SP I.C . The single tank built can be seen in the .
Specifications
In game industry
Spähpanzer SP I.C . appears in the MMO game World of Tanks and World of Tanks Blitz as a progression vehicle on VII tier .
See also
Spähpanzer Ru 251
Spähpanzer Luchs
Tanks in the Cold War
Notes
References
Light tanks of Germany
Cold War tanks of Germany
Light tanks of the Cold War
Tanks with autoloaders
Young Liars is a Canadian indie rock band based in Vancouver , British Columbia . Their musical style is upbeat and has been described as `` synth-infused pop rock '' .
History
Bassist Andrew Beck , drummer Tyler Badali and singer/guitarist Jordan Raine formed in Vancouver in 2008 , and were soon joined by keyboardist Wes Nickel . taking The band 's name refers to the David Lapham comic Young Liars . They began performing in the metro-Vancouver area , and later in western Canada . Their performances showed the influence of Foals , Hot Chip , Two Door Cinema Clubs and Phoenix .
In February , 2011 The Young Liars independently released a seven-track EP , Homesick Future in download-only format . The band 's first American performance was in October 2011 at Filter Magazine 's Culture Collide Festival in Los Angeles , CA . In November that year the band signed with Nettwerk Records , who re-released the Homesick Future EP in early 2012 . The album included the band 's debut single , `` Colours '' .
Beginning in 2012 , the Young Liars began performing showcases at music festivals , including Rifflandia , NXNE and Sled Island in Canada .
The band released their debut full-length , Tidal Wave in June , 2014 ; the songs featured a more mellow sound than their previous work .
Discography
Singles
`` Colours ''
Albums
Tidal Wave ( 2014 )
EPs
Homesick Future ( 2012 )
`` Night Window '' ( 2014 )
References
External links
Twitter profile
Facebook profile
Musical groups established in 2008
Musical groups from Vancouver
Canadian indie rock groups
2008 establishments in British Columbia
Nettwerk Music Group artists
Bishop John J. Snyder High School is a private Roman Catholic college preparatory high school in Jacksonville , Florida , United States . It was established in 2002 and located in the Roman Catholic Diocese of St. Augustine . It is named for John J. Snyder , bishop of the diocese from 1979 to 2000 .
History
Bishop Snyder was established in 2002 to serve the growing Catholic population in the west Jacksonville area . The school was established on a 50-acre site with a cost of $ 11 million . It is named after Bishop John J. Snyder who had retired as the eighth Bishop of the Diocese of St. Augustine in 2000 . The first students at Bishop Snyder were 75 freshmen in 2002 .
Alumni
Ross Minor ( 2016 ) - shooting survivor , accessibility * Shawn Schmieder ( 2007 ) - Former offensive lineman on the Florida Gators
Andrew R. Nicholas ( 2007 ) - Historian and author
content creator , former Paralympic swimmer
References
Roman Catholic Diocese of Saint Augustine
High schools in Jacksonville , Florida
Catholic secondary schools in Florida
Education in Jacksonville , Florida
Educational institutions established in 2002
2002 establishments in Florida
Count de Salis-Soglio is a continental title of nobility that was recognized in the United Kingdom for a Swiss family which became British Subjects when Jerome , 2nd Count de Salis , was naturalized by Private Act of Parliament in 1743 .
Emperor Francis I by a patent dated Vienna , 12 March 1748 , had created his father , colonel and ambassador Peter de Salis , together with his descendants , Counts of the Holy Roman Empire .
On 4 April 1809 George III , by Royal Licence , granted and gave Jerome , 4th Count de Salis 's descendants , of both sexes , those who were Subjects of Our Realm , the right to fully avail themselves of the title of Count of the Holy Roman Empire . The right to use the name of Fane before that of de Salis was granted , by Royal Licence and Authority as published in the London Gazette , on 11 December 1835 .
In the same April 1809 licence the same Jerome de Salis-Soglio was granted assumption and use of the arms of Count , with the arms , crest and supporters of de Salis , with the quarterings of Fane , Neville , Beauchamp , and Le Despenser . The de Salis are thus the oldest Royal Licence holders granted the Authority or Warrant to use their foreign titles in the United Kingdom ; by 1930/1932 only 13 families of British Subjects were still using such hereditary authority .
Family History
The de Salis family belongs to the old nobility of the Three Leagues ( nowadays the Canton of the Grisons , Switzerland ) . They were one of its leading families between the 16th and 18th centuries and provided numerous presidents of the League of God 's House . A notable member was the poet Johann Gaudenz von Salis-Seewis of the branch of the Counts de Salis-Seewis .
They probably descend from the patrician family Salici of Como , Italy , traceable since 1202 . The name Salice means Salix caprea ( the family coat of arms contains a salix – or goat willow – tree , along with the crest of the Bellona ) . At first the family appears in Soglio , Switzerland with ser Rodolfus de Salice de Solio between 1285 and 1293 . In the 12th and 13th centuries , wealthy citizens of Como had settled in the area north of Lake Como due to the conflicts between the expanding Milan and the municipality of Como . Soglio is located at the beginning of the Val Bregaglia ( Bergell valley ) which at the time belonged to the Prince-Bishopric of Chur , and is presently situated on the border between Switzerland an Italy . The family became vassals of the bishop and built several tower houses in Soglio and the neighbouring Chiavenna . When the latter was sold by Chur to the Visconti of Milan in 1335 , the Salis became their vassals as well . The Visconti dukes granted them trading privileges from 1391 , which they kept until 1544 . The tower houses in both communities were later converted into baroque palaces ( there are 5 in Soglio alone , of which the Casa Battista , also known as Hotel Palazzo Salis , built in 1630 on an older structure , is still today owned by the Swiss Salis-Soglio line ) . So is the Palazzo Salis in Bondo , Switzerland , just across from Soglio on the other side of the valley , which was built by Jerome , 2nd Count de Salis , and which to this day is owned by the British Salis-Soglio branch .
The family gradually expanded their property northwards beyond the Val Bregaglia into the Upper Engadin ( Celerina , Samedan , Zernez ) and Prättigau valleys , and later also into Domleschg valley . The heyday of the family began in the 16th century , after the establishment of the Free State of the Three Leagues which ended the Prince-bishop 's power in 1524 .
During the Bündner Wirren ( Revolt of the Leagues between 1618 and 1639 ) , several members of the Salis family , such as Hercules von Salis-Soglio-Grüsch ( 1566–1620 ) , a propagator of reformed Protestantism , and his son Ulysses von Salis ( 1594–1674 ) , stepped on the French-Venetian side , being mercenary leaders who guarded the Alpine passes , and thus gained considerable influence on the country 's fortunes , whereas their main rivals , the mostly Roman Catholic von Planta family , led the Austrian-Spanish side . The rivalry culminated with the assassination of Pompeius Planta in 1621 in a castle that he shared with the Salis-Grüsch . During the 17th and 18th centuries , the family became the predominant noble house of the Three Leagues , after ousting the Plantas . Ulysses acquired Marschlins Castle and restored it to its still preserved glory . Among many other estates and manor houses , Haldenstein Castle ( 1703 until 1922 ) , and the Upper and Lower manors at Zizers were built or owned by the family . Bothmar Castle at Malans , Switzerland , is the current seat of the Counts de Salis-Seewis . A German branch , the Barons von Salis-Soglio , inherited Gemünden Castle in 1822 , and still own it .
The family 's political power was not broken until the Helvetic Republic put an end to the Three League 's sovereignty in 1798 . Franz Simon von Salis-Zizers , commander of the 7th French Guards Regiment of the Bourbons and in 1809 President of the League of God 's House carried out a coup in 1814 . In 1832 he led Pope Gregory XVI two Swiss regiments to assert the Papal State . General Johann Ulrich von Salis-Soglio was commander-in-chief of the conservative Sonderbund alliance in the Sonderbund War in 1847 , while Johann Gaudenz Dietegen Count von Salis-Seewis took part in the Revolutions of 1848 as the radical democratic commander of a militia ; in 1850 he was governor in Chur .
Jerome , 2nd Count de Salis ( 1709–1794 ) , whose father had been ambassador in London , married Lady Mary Fane , a daughter of Charles Fane , 1st Viscount Fane , of the Earls of Westmorland , only to be sent back by King George II as British envoy to the Three Leagues . Ever since , the family has continued to commute between England and Switzerland , being citizens of both countries . A present-day seat is Yarlington House , Somerset , besides Palazzo Salis in Bondo .
Lineage
Peter ( Pierre , L'envoyé , or Pietro l'Inviato ) , 1st Count de Salis , 'Envoy Extraordinary of the Grisons to Her Majesty ' , arrived Court of St. James 's , 12 July 1709 ;
Jerome/Hieronimus , 2nd Count de Salis , Naturalized British Subject by Private Act of Parliament ( 4 Geo II , cap . 5 ) , 24 March 1730/1731 , and married , by the Archbishop of York , Hon . Mary Fane , 7 January 1734/35 , the eldest daughter of Charles , ( 1st ) , Viscount Fane ;
Peter , 3rd Count de Salis , DL , JP , inherited his mother 's share of the Bourchier/Fane estates in County Limerick and County Armagh ;
Jerome , 4th Count de Salis-Soglio , DL , JP ;
Peter , 5th Count de Salis-Soglio , DL , JP ;
John Francis William de Salis , 6th Count de Salis-Soglio , diplomat and numismatist ;
Sir John Francis Charles de Salis , 7th Count de Salis-Soglio , KCMG , CVO .
John Eugène de Salis , 8th Count de Salis-Soglio .
John Bernard Philip Humbert de Salis , 9th Count de Salis-Soglio , TD .
John-Maximilian Henry de Salis , 10th Count de Salis-Soglio .
John Arthur Francis Maria de Salis , 11th Count de Salis-Soglio .
UK Royal Licence granted to the 4th Count on 4 April 1809 , reiterating in English the 1748 Imperial patent
Some notable houses or land , owned or built by Counts de Salis-Soglio
Countesses de Salis-Soglio
Some countly arms
Some crests and coronets
( This page concentrates on the senior line , ( the anglicised primogenitive interpretation of the patent ) .
Elsewhere , the 'category ' below and disambiguation page De Salis , there are others within the purlieu of the 1748 creation ) .
References
Count
Counts of Salis
Counts de Salis-Soglio and Comtes de Salis-Seewis
Irish landowners
Counts of the Holy Roman Empire
Swiss nobility
European noble families
Swiss noble families
Swiss noble titles
Pavel Petrovich Melnikov ( Russian : Павел Петрович Мельников , – in Lyuban ) was a Russian engineer and administrator who , in his capacity as Transport Minister , was in a large measure responsible for the introduction of railroad construction in Imperial Russia .
In 1825 Melnikov graduated at the head of his class from the Institute of Transport Engineers in the School for Communication Routes with the rank of Lieutenant in the Corps of Transport Engineers . He remained as a teacher at the Institute , becoming professor of applied mechanics in 1833 . He also took part in several construction projects to improve the Russian network of rivers and canals . In 1833 he joined the St. Petersburg Artillery School . he was also responsible for repairing the wooden cupola of the Trinity Cathedral in St Petersburg . In the Summer of 1839 Melnikov and another colonel , Nikolai Osipovich Kraft ( 1798-1857 ) , were sent to the United States to inspect its railroad system and recommend technology to be used in Russia . The travellers returned in the autumn of 1840 .
The report regarding U.S. railroads which Melnikov compiled upon his and Kraft 's return to their homeland , for submission to the imperial Russian authorities , is a massive contribution to American industrial and transportation history . Written in longhand in 1841 and now found in manuscript form in the library of St. Petersburg State Transportation University , this 3-part , 664-page work is entitled Technical Description of the railways of the North American States ( Opisanie v tekhnicheskom otnoshenii zheleznykh dorog Severoamerikanskikh Shtatov ) . In 1842 , the journal Zhurnal Putei Soobshcheniya ( Transport Journal ) provided readers with extensive access to Melnikov 's findings by publishing them in serial form in volume ( Tom ) II , book ( Kniga ) 1 , pages 19–85 ; and in book 2 , pages 95 to 197 . A further separate article , entitled `` Foundations of Railways , '' is in book 3 for 1842 , pages 209-265 . Still another article , `` Regarding operations to outfit ( ustroistvo ) railways in the North American States , '' is in volume II , book 4 , pages 285-374 ( extensively covering earthmoving tasks , principally ) , and volume III , book 1 , pages 1–70 . Taken together , these writings are qualitatively on a par with those of Franz Anton von Gerstner , who visited the United States for the same purpose at the same time and also produced a multivolume compilation on U.S. transportation of that time , available in English under the title EARLY AMERICAN RAILROADS .
Melnikov was sufficiently observant about America to note on page 65 of the Journal Article , volume I , book I , that the United States was a nation that was `` little inclined to be subjected to the influence of routine , '' i.e . had a palpable dynamism .
Based on his experience Melnikov suggested the adoption of a 5-foot wide gauge for the planned Moscow–St . Petersburg Railway . ( Previously , only a short line connecting St. Petersburg to Tsarskoe Selo had been built in 1836–37 under Franz Anton von Gerstner . ) The gauge was approved as the new standard on 12 September 1842 .
When construction of the Moscow–St . Petersburg Railway began in 1842 Melnikov was appointed to manage the construction of its northern part . From 1862 he was the chief manager of the railway , served as the Transport Minister from 1866 to 1869 and as a member of the Railroads Committee from 1870 to 1875 .
Melnikov also contributed to water transportation systems and other engineering projects . He is the author of the first books about railroad construction ever written in Russian .
References
M. I. Voronin : Pavel Melnikov and the Creation of the Railway System in Russia , 1804-1880 ' , 1995 translation to English . Russian edition : Воронин М. И. , Воронина М. М. : Павел Петрович Мельников , 1804-1880 , 1977 .
R. M. Haywood : The Question of a Standard Gauge for Russian Railways , 1836-1860 , Slavic Review , Vol . 28 , No . 1 ( Mar. , 1969 ) , pp . 72–80 .
External links
Short biography
Melnikov and early railroads of Russia
1804 births
1880 deaths
Civil engineers from the Russian Empire
People of the Russian Empire in rail transport
Members of the State Council ( Russian Empire )
Jesse James Keitel is an American actress , writer , and artist , known for starring in Asher Jelinsky 's award-winning short film Miller & Son ( 2019 ) , the ABC crime drama Big Sky ( 2020 ) and on Queer as Folk ( 2022 ) .
Early life
Jesse James Keitel is from Long Island . She graduated from Pace University with a BFA in Acting in 2015 .
Career
In 2019 , Keitel starred in the world premiere of Martin Moran 's play Theo at Two River Theater . She also starred in Miller & Son ( 2019 ) , which won the BAFTA Student Film Award and Gold Medal for `` Best Narrative '' ( Domestic ) at the 2019 Student Academy Awards . Keitel played the leading role in the 2020 MadRiver Pictures sci-fi series , Forever Alone . Keitel also appeared in Linda Yellen 's 2019 Showtime feature film Fluidity , starring Nico Tortorella . In 2022 , Keitel debuted the role of Ruthie in Peacock 's Queer As Folk .
Keitel has performed in drag under the pseudonym Peroxide , a member of the Haus of Femanon . As Peroxide Femanon , she has appeared in Logo TV 's Fill In The Blank docuseries and in Sasha Velour 's NYFW SS19 collaboration with Opening Ceremony .
Beginning in 2020 , Keitel starred as Jerrie Kennedy in the David E. Kelley-created crime thriller Big Sky , which made her one of the first non-binary actors to play a non-binary series regular on primetime television . In 2022 , she appeared in an episode of Star Trek : Strange New Worlds , playing a non-binary villain . In an interview , she said of the role : `` I understand that queer people have had a really long and complicated history with TV and film , and they 've been very mistreated in the media .... That being said , I think it 's high time we let queer people be villains , you know ? ''
Awards and accolades
Keitel was honored in Out magazine 's OUT100 in 2018 for her portrayal of queer characters in the Ben Stiller-produced Netflix film Alex Strangelove , as well as playing TV Land 's first non-binary character on Younger .
Personal life
In 2020 , Keitel was described as a non-binary and transgender actor `` who uses she/her and they/them pronouns '' . As of 2022 , she identifies as a transgender woman and uses she/her pronouns .
Filmography
References
External links
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
People from Long Island
Pace University alumni
21st-century American actresses
Transgender actresses
Transgender artists
Transgender drag performers
Transgender writers
Sagabuyen ancient settlement is one of the medieval cities of the so - called Northern section of the Silk Road , which ran along the spurs of the Zhetysu Alatau from the crossing too Or to Lake Alakol and the Dzungarian Gate .
History
The settlement of Sagabuyen , whose ruins are located on the Northern edge of the village of the same name on the left Bank of the river Buyen ( bien ) at its exit from the Kyzylagash mountains to the plain , is one of the medieval cities of the so - called Northern section of the Silk Road , which ran along the spurs of the Zhetysu Alatau from the crossing too Or to the lake . Alakol and the Dzungarian gate . The city appeared in the Karakhanid era on the lands of the Karluks and existed , as it is supposed , in the XI–XIII centuries . the City was localized at the crossing of the river . Bien , as well as many other urban settlements that arose on the banks of obstinate rivers that flowed to the Northern foothills of the Alatau . Apparently , then there was this caravan route , the most convenient in the nature of the region , which later , in the late XVIII – early XIX century. , became known as Zhetysu/Semirechye . In the middle of this difficult route , the bien river was one of the seven rivers that were crossed by trading caravans : Leps , Sarkand , Baskan , Aksu , Karatal and Koksu .
The site has been little studied by modern archaeologists . The discovery and beginning of the study of the monument is associated with the name of the first Semirechensk archaeologist – N. N. Pantusov ( 1849–1909 ) . Even during the construction of the Kopal fortification , in the 1850s , a military engineer P. S. Nechogin discovered a Buddhist monastery somewhere on the Bank of the Karatal River , which , according to his description , the Imperial Archaeological Commission attempted to find many years later in 1888 , asking for help from the Governor-General of the Steppe region G. A. Kolpakovsky . On his behalf , a young official , A. N. Teplov , who served in Kopal , was sent to search for the remains of a Buddhist temple . Since the copy of Nechogin 's description of the location of the temple sent by the Archaeological Commission was not accurate , much important information that could help the search was omitted during the correspondence of the document . Teplov went to search not on the banks of the Karatal , but in the opposite direction – to the banks of the river Buyen , where he found the remains of the settlement , which he took for the wanted temple . After making measurements and drawing a plan of the settlement , Teplov submitted his report to the authorities . Following this , N. N. Pantusov was sent to excavate the `` temple '' . He also made the first and only excavations on the site , as well as excavated several mounds to the West of the monument and discovered petroglyphs in several gorges of the Kyzylagash mountains . Having made sure that the surveyed monument is not the desired `` temple '' , N. N. Pantusov doubted the authenticity of Nechogin 's report about it . Since abandoned the search for a Buddhist temple , really discovered by S. P. Nicolini , but were found many monuments of ancient culture and medieval settlement Sagabuyen .
Description
The medieval settlement of Sagabuyen is an elevated area of almost square shape , surrounded by the sagging ramparts of the fortress walls with towers around the perimeter . Its dimensions are 260 x 280 m , the height of the rampart is about 2 m. on the inner territory of the settlement , small hills and depressions are visible-traces of collapsed and swollen households , alleys , and traces of excavations . The North-Eastern corner of the fortifications was destroyed by the riverbed of the old river Buyen . On the surface of the settlement there are fragments of pottery made on a Potter 's wheel ; small fragments of table watering dishes are rarely found . To the West of the settlement , a large number of small hills are visible , closely located to each other ; it is possible that the city cemetery of the medieval city was located here .
Location
Almaty Region , Aksu district , on the Northern edge of S. Sagabuyen , on the left Bank of the river Buyin .
Preservation of the monument
The monument is under state protection and is included in the State list of historical and cultural monuments of local significance of Almaty region in 2010 ( No . 84 ) . There is no physical protection of the monument in place .
Sources of information about the monument
Archeology Of Semirechye . 1857-1912 . Collection of documents and materials . Almaty , 2011 . Dock . 158 , 162 , 183 , 196 .
References
Monuments and memorials in Kazakhstan
Datuk Mohid Mohamed is the Chief Secretary for the Ministry of Youth and Sport . Previously , he was the Deputy Commissioner of Sports in the same ministry . Datuk Mohid is active in many non-governmental organizations especially societies that caters youth development and sport activities .
Personal life
Mohid Mohamed was born in Batu Pahat , Johor , Malaysia ( 19 September 1957 ) .
Education
After completing his secondary education in the late 70 's Mohid Mohamed went to University Malaya and graduated with a Bachelor of Administration ( Hons ) and a Diploma in Education . He later went to obtain his Diploma of Public Administration from INTAN in Kuala Lumpur .
Knighthood
For his valor and contribution in the field of sports and youth development , Mohid Mohamed was awarded the title Dato ' ( Darjah Paduka Tuanku Jaafar DPTJ ) from His Majesty the Sultan of Negeri Sembilan . The title Dato ' is equivalent to the title Sir given by the British .
Board members and association
He is currently the board member for Sepang International Circuit ( SIC ) , Stadium Merdeka Council and many other associations .
References
Malaysian people of Malay descent
Living people
1959 births
FG Sagittae is a supergiant star in the constellation Sagitta at a distance of 4000 light-years . When first noted in 1943 , it was identified to be a variable star , and it was found to be a hot , blue star of stellar spectral type B in 1955 . Since then it has expanded and cooled , becoming a yellow G-type star by 1991 , and then further cooling to become an orange K-type star . It started to pulsate when becoming an A-type star with a period of 15 days . This period later increased to over 100 days .
Since 1992 the star has exhibited fadings and recoveries similar to that of a R Coronae Borealis variable star ; this behavior is emphasized by a hydrogen deficiency typical for this class of stars . It has been proposed that this star has undergone a late thermal pulse ( LTP ) of helium fusion after having left the asymptotic giant branch ( AGB ) to move towards the hottest end of the `` white dwarf cooling track '' . This thermal pulse is believed to have revived this aged star to once again , for a short time , behave as an AGB star .
FG Sagittae is the central star of the planetary nebula Henize 1-5 .
Observations
In 1943 , a star designated AN 377.1943 was discovered to be a previously-unknown variable star . It was designated CSV 5066 as a suspected variable , and then FG Sagittae as a confirmed variable star . At the time , its variations were described as being irregular , but it was soon noted that the average brightness was steadily increasing . It brightened by about two magnitudes between 1943 and 1970 , and then began to fade . Examination of old photographic observations found that the star had been brightening since at least 1900 , with extrapolations suggesting that the minimum had occurred around 1880 . As it faded , FG Sagittae began to show periodic variations , at first a period of 80 days , but increasing to 130 days . In 1992 , the periodic variations ceased and the brightness decreased by five magnitudes in only two months . Since then , it has continued to show occasional deep fading events , appearing much like an R Coronae Borealis star .
The spectrum of FG Sagittae when it was first noted as a variable star was that of a blue supergiant . The first reliable spectral class is B0 in 1930 . Extrapolation of the brightness and colour indices suggest it may have been an O3 star in 1890 . It then steadily cooled , with the spectral class becoming as late as K2 in the 1980s . The spectral class has since stayed as a G or K type supergiant , but there have been dramatic changes . The abundances of various elements have either increased or decreased : s-process elements became at least 25 times more abundant between 1967 and 1974 ; iron peak elements became less visible ; and carbon-rich dust became strongly visible after 1992 . Observations of the spectrum after 1992 are hindered by the dust formation , but the s-process and rare earth elements appear to have continued becoming more abundant .
Planetary nebula
There is a very faint visible planetary nebula , Henize 1-5 , around FG Sagittae , around visual magnitude 23 . This formed when FG Sagittae first left the asymptotic giant branch . FG Sagittae is now losing mass at about every million years and a dust shell has formed around the star . This may form a second planetary nebula .
Evolution
The effective temperature of FG Sagittae in 1930 would have been about , possibly as hot as in 1890 , then cooling to about by 1975 . Detailed analysis of the spectral energy distribution during the 1980s show a slow decrease in temperature to as low as . During the deep fades since 1992 , even lower temperatures have been calculated , but these may represent observations of obscuring dust rather than the surface of the star itself .
The bolometric luminosity of FG Sagittae increased steadily from around at the end of the 19th century to over by 1965 . The luminosity then became more or less stable until 1992 . As the star cooled and became more luminous , its radius increased from around in 1900 to about by 1992 .
When the star faded in 1992 , it was obscured by dust formation and comparisons of temperature and luminosity became more difficult . The visual luminosity dropped by about five magnitudes , but the infrared brightness increased by a comparable amount . Models of the dust around the star suggest that the luminosity dropped sharply for a few hundred days as dust formed and was heated , but the underlying stellar luminosity was essentially constant and remained constant until at least 2001 .
The underlying properties of FG Sagittae changed on a timescale almost unheard-of for a star , from a small very hot post-asymptotic giant branch star becoming a white dwarf , to a hot supergiant and then a cool supergiant . This is believed to have been due to a helium flash in a shell that had previously been inactive since the star left the asymptotic giant branch . This is known as a late thermal pulse or very late thermal pulse , depending on the exact timing . Models approximate the behaviour of FG Sagittae although there are still detailed discrepancies .
See also
Sakurai 's Object , also known as V4334 Sgr , another presumed late thermal pulsing object .
V605 Aquilae .
References
External links
AAVSO Variable Star of the Month . FG Sagittae : June 2008
AAVSO Variable Star of the Month . FG Sagittae : November 1998
Variable stars
Sagitta ( constellation )
Sagittae , FG
Supergiants
099527
J20115606+2020044
Emission-line stars
In the mathematical field of quantum topology , the Reshetikhin–Turaev invariants ( RT-invariants ) are a family of quantum invariants of framed links .
Such invariants of framed links also give rise to invariants of 3-manifolds via the Dehn surgery construction . These invariants were discovered by Nicolai Reshetikhin and Vladimir Turaev in 1991 , and were meant to be a mathematical realization of Witten 's proposed invariants of links and 3-manifolds using quantum field theory .
Overview
To obtain an RT-invariant , one must first have a -linear ribbon category at hand . Each -linear ribbon category comes equipped with a diagrammatic calculus in which morphisms are represented by certain decorated framed tangle diagrams , where the initial and terminal objects are represented by the boundary components of the tangle . In this calculus , a ( decorated framed ) link diagram , being a ( decorated framed ) tangle without boundary , represents an endomorphism of the monoidal identity ( the empty set in this calculus ) , or in other words , an element of . This element of is the RT-invariant associated to . Given any closed oriented 3-manifold , there exists a framed link in the 3-sphere so that is homeomorphic to the manifold obtained by surgering along . Two such manifolds and are homeomorphic if and only if and are related by a sequence of Kirby moves . Reshetikhin and Turaev used this idea to construct invariants of 3-manifolds by combining certain RT-invariants into an expression which is invariant under Kirby moves . Such invariants of 3-manifolds are known as Witten–Reshetikhin–Turaev invariants ( WRT-invariants ) .
Examples
Let be a ribbon Hopf algebra over a field ( one can take , for example , any quantum group over ) . Then the category , of finite dimensional representations of , is a -linear ribbon category . There is a diagrammatic calculus in which morphisms in are represented by framed tangle diagrams with each connected component decorated by a finite dimensional representation of . That is , is a -linear ribbon category . In this way , each ribbon Hopf algebra gives rise to an invariant of framed links colored by representations of ( an RT-invariant ) .
For the quantum group over the field , the corresponding RT-invariant for links and 3-manifolds gives rise to the following family of link invariants , appearing in skein theory . Let be a framed link in with components . For each , let denote the RT-invariant obtained by decorating each component of by the unique -dimensional representation of . Then
where the -tuple , denotes the Kauffman polynomial of the link , where each of the components is cabled by the Jones–Wenzl idempotent , a special element of the Temperley–Lieb algebra .
To define the corresponding WRT-invariant for 3-manifolds , first of all we choose to be either a -th root of unity or an -th root of unity with odd . Assume that is obtained by doing Dehn surgery on a framed link . Then the RT-invariant for the 3-manifold is defined to be
where is the Kirby coloring , are to unknot with framing , and are the numbers of positive and negative eigenvalues for the linking matrix of respectively . Roughly speaking , the first and second bracket ensure that is invariant under blowing up/down ( first Kirby move ) and the third bracket ensures that is invariant under handle sliding ( second Kirby move ) .
Properties
The Witten–Reshetikhin–Turaev invariants for 3-manifolds satisfy the following properties :
where denotes the connected sum of and
where is the manifold with opposite orientation , and denotes the complex conjugate of
These three properties coincide with the properties satisfied by the 3-manifold invariants defined by Witten using Chern–Simons theory ( under certain normalization )
Open problems
Witten 's asymptotic expansion conjecture
Pick . Witten 's asymptotic expansion conjecture suggests that for every 3-manifold , the large -th asymptotics of is governed by the contributions of flat connections .
Conjecture :
There exists constants and ( depending on ) for and for such that the asymptotic expansion of in the limit is given by
where are the finitely many different values of the Chern–Simons functional on the space of flat -connections on .
Volume conjecture for the Reshetikhin–Turaev invariant
The Witten 's asymptotic expansion conjecture suggests that at , the RT-invariants grow polynomially in . On the contrary , at with odd , in 2018 Q. Chen and T. Yang suggested the volume conjecture for the RT-invariants , which essentially says that the RT-invariants for hyperbolic 3-manifolds grow exponentially in and the growth rate gives the hyperbolic volume and Chern–Simons invariants for the 3-manifold .
Conjecture :
Let be a closed oriented hyperbolic 3-manifold . Then for a suitable choice of arguments ,
where is odd positive integer .
References
External links
https : //ncatlab.org/nlab/show/Reshetikhin-Turaev+construction
Quantum groups
Quantum field theory
The 2021 Little League World Series was held from August 19 to August 29 at the Little League headquarters complex in South Williamsport , Pennsylvania . Due to the COVID-19 pandemic , the event was limited to US-based teams only . The most recent prior edition of the tournament contested without international teams had been 1975 . Taylor North Little League of Taylor , Michigan , defeated West Side Little League of Hamilton , Ohio , in the championship by a 5–2 score . It was the first championship for a team from Michigan since .
On August 13 , it was announced that tickets would not be distributed to the public due to concerns over the Delta variant , with spectators limited to invited friends and family of teams , and other high-level supporters .
Teams
The 16-team field consisted of the top two teams from eight regional tournaments , contested during July and August .
The eight teams appearing on a grey background were placed in the Tom Seaver championship bracket , while the other eight teams were placed in the Hank Aaron championship bracket .
Ella Bruning of the team from Abilene , Texas , became one of the few girls who have competed in the Little League World Series .
Results
The draw to determine the opening round pairings took place on June 18 , 2021 .
Hank Aaron championship
Tom Seaver championship
Consolation game
World Championship
The championship game was a rematch of the Great Lakes regional final during the qualification stage , which was won by Michigan , 9–1 .
Champions path
The Taylor North LL reached the LLWS with an undefeated record in seven games . In total , their record was 16–1 , with their only loss coming to Hawaii in the third round of double-elimination play in South Williamsport .
2021 MLB Little League Classic
The MLB Little League Classic game at Muncy Bank Ballpark at Historic Bowman Field in nearby Williamsport , Pennsylvania , was played on August 22 between the Cleveland Indians and Los Angeles Angels . Cleveland won the game , 3–0 . The fourth edition of the Classic to be played , it became the first edition contested between American League teams , after the 2020 game scheduled between the Boston Red Sox and Baltimore Orioles was cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic .
References
External links
2021 LLBWS Tournament Bracket at littleleague.org
2021
Little League World Series
Little League World Series
Little League World Series
Caguax was a Taíno cacique who lived on the island of Borikén ( Taíno name for Puerto Rico ) before and during the Spanish colonization of the Americas . His yucayeque or Taino village 's name was Turabo , it included the lands in the Caguas Valley and surrounding mountains . This area included the modern municipalities of Caguas , Aguas Buenas , Gurabo , and portions of San Lorenzo , Juncos and Las Piedras in east-central Puerto Rico . Guaybanex Caguax was an early convert to the Catholic faith adopting the Spanish name Francisco at the time of his baptism . His high rank in Taino society allowed him to retain his Taino name : Gaybanex along with his surname : Caguax . < ref > Sued Badillo , Jalil . La mujer indigena y su sociedad . San Juan , Editorial Cultural , 2002 . ' < /ref > Francisco Guaybanex Caguax sought to avoid conflict with the Spanish , as a powerful chief in the northern slopes and plains of the island he understood the heavy toll his people would suffer if they oppose the Spanish rule . Seeking peaceful ways to deal with the situation . As early as 1508 Caguax cooperated with the colonists request for labor and food supply . In 1511 he was one of only two chiefs accepting the peace offered by the Spanish just a few months after the Taino Revolt started . Caguax was taken captive to Hacienda del Toa in 1512 . There he was humiliated before his nitainos as he was forced to be the governor 's personal servant . Caguax died in captivity in 1518 or early 1519 . He was succeeded by his daughter Maria Bagaaname .
Late in 1508 Juan Ponce de León , commissioned by Nicolás de Ovando to colonize the island of San Juan Bautista , arrived in the territory of cacique Agüeybaná I in southwest Puerto Rico . There , both leaders performed the Guaytiao ceremony in which they exchanged names as a promise not to hurt each other . This sort of peace treaty allowed Ponce de León to settle the island and receive cooperation from Agüeybaná I 's cacique allies to grow the yuca needed to feed the Spanish settlers .
Caguax was among those allies willing to use his authority to organize his nitainos or `` captains '' , as the Spanish called them , to direct the labor of naborias under them for such endeavor . Products such as yuca and peppers were grown in Caguax 's domain for colonists Francisco Robledo and Juan de Castellanos . In 1510 this production had a value of 255 gold pesos . Robledo and Castellanos not only had rights over the production but also over the Indians that would provide the labor in the fields or conucos '' in Taino language . When gold was discovered in the Turabo River the same Taino power structure was again used to force them to work the mines and rivers in search of gold .
By 1511 the growing tensions between the Spanish and the Taino exploded in revolts around the island that lasted into 1518 . After Ponce de León won the first battles early in 1511 peace was offered to the island caciques . Only two accepted : Caguax and Otoao . During this time of great distress Ponce de León was replaced , as the island governor , by Juan Cerón and Nicolás de Ovando was replaced in Santo Domingo by Diego Colón . Up until this time Caguax , his family , nitainos and naborias lived in their own yucayeque in the Caguas Valley near the Caguitas River . Archaeologist Carlos A. Pérez Merced , excavating in the area , found ceramic and pottery from three different indigenous periods : Igneri , pre-Taino and Taino . This indicates the existence of an ancient indigenous settlement at the site .
Early in 1512 Cerón redistributed Ponce de León 's caciques among his friends and banished Caguax his relatives and entourage to Hacienda del Toa in the northern coastal plain , west of Caparra , the first Spanish settlement on the island . His mother , siblings , wives and children have been identified using early records sent to la Real Hacienda to account for the distribution of clothes and other goods , call the `` cacona '' , given to the Indians in captivity once a year between 1513-1519 . Historians Raquel Rosario Rivera and Jalil Sued Badillo among others state Cacica Yayo is Caguax mother , therefore she is the ranking cacica through which Turabo chiefs would be born . Her daughter Catalina , Caguax 's sister , should have born the next cacique or cacica to reign after Caguax . but at the time of her death in captivity no heirs were alive as it was also the case of her sister Maria . Their brother : Juan Comerio could not inherit the line of succession . Cacica Catalina died soon after being taken to el Toa . Caguax death came later between the end of 1518 and the beginning of 1519 . With no line of succession María Bagaaname , Caguax 's eldest daughter , was ceded the right to bear the successor . Comerio and Isabel Taya were Caguax 's two other children . It is unclear which of his three children were from either of his two wives : María or Leonor . Around 1524 Maria Bagaaname married Diego Muriel an overseer in Hacienda del Toa 's . This marriage was approved by the authorities and bore descendants . As for the nitainos forced to move with Caguax to oversee the work in Hacienda del Toa records show Aguayayex , Guayex , Caguas , Juanico Comerio , Juan Acayaguana , Diego Barrionuevo , Esteban directing agricultural tasks and Pedro in charge of the mines . They directed 230 naborias from Caguax 's yukayeque taken there to work the conucos and the mines . Cerón forced Caguax to be his personal servant as his nitainos and naborias were forced to work the conucos and gold mines .
The city and municipality of Caguas , Puerto Rico derives its name from him . A neighborhood there is named after him .
See also
List of Puerto Ricans
List of Tainos
References
Indigenous Caribbean people
Native American leaders
Puerto Rican people of Taíno descent
16th-century Native Americans
Up in Mabel 's Room may refer to :
Up in Mabel 's Room ( play ) , a 1919 play written by Wilson Collison and Otto Harbach
Up in Mabel 's Room ( 1926 film ) , a 1926 silent film based on the play starring Marie Prevost
Up in Mabel 's Room ( 1944 film ) , a 1944 film remake of the 1926 film starring Marjorie Reynolds
`` Up in Mabel 's Room '' , a song by the Everly Brothers from their 1971 album Stories We Could Tell
Saint Aubert Township is one of eighteen townships in Callaway County , Missouri , USA . As of the 2010 census , its population was 1,969 .
St. Aubert is an old variant name of Mokane , Missouri .
Geography
Saint Aubert Township covers an area of and contains the incorporated settlement named Mokane , as well as the unincorporated settlement of Hams Prairie , plus other rural homes .
History
The exact founding date of St Aubert Township is still to be determined by detailed local historical records , but it can be broadly estimated from historical publications . The township shows as extant on the 1876 official map of Callaway County , and its largest town ( formerly called Smith 's Landing , and now called Mokane ) took on the name Saint Aubert around 1849 , which may or may not be relevant to the formation of the township from what was the southern sector of Fulton Township ( now East Fulton Township ) immediately prior to its formation , and briefly part of Cote Sans Dessein Township during early 1821 , near the time of Missouri statehood .
References
USGS Geographic Names Information System ( GNIS )
External links
US-Counties.com
City-Data.com
Townships in Callaway County , Missouri
Jefferson City metropolitan area
Townships in Missouri
Dorothy Mackaill ( March 4 , 1903 – August 12 , 1990 ) was a British-American actress , most active during the silent-film era and into the pre-Code era of the early 1930s .
Early life
Born in Sculcoates , Kingston upon Hull in 1903 ( although she later would claim 1904 or 1905 as her year of birth , including on her petition for naturalization as a United States citizen , giving 1904 as the year ) , Mackaill lived with her father after her parents separated when she was around eleven years old . She attended Thoresby Primary School . As a teenager , Mackaill ran away to London to pursue a stage career as an actress .
At age 16 , she danced in Joybelles at London 's Hippodrome and worked in Paris acting in a few minor Pathé films . She met a Broadway stage choreographer who persuaded her to migrate to New York City , where aged 17 she became active in the Ziegfeld Follies , dancing in his Midnight Frolic review .
Career
By 1920 , Mackaill had begun making the transition from `` Follies Girl '' to film actress . That same year she appeared in her first film , a Wilfred Noy-directed mystery , The Face at the Window . Mackaill also appeared in several comedies of 1920 opposite actor Johnny Hines . In 1921 , she appeared opposite Anna May Wong , Noah Beery and Lon Chaney in the Marshall Neilan-directed drama Bits of Life . In the following years , Mackaill would appear opposite such popular actors as Richard Barthelmess , Rod La Rocque , Colleen Moore , John Barrymore , George O'Brien , Bebe Daniels , Milton Sills and Anna Q. Nilsson .
Mackaill rose to leading-lady status in the drama The Man Who Came Back ( 1924 ) , opposite rugged matinee idol George O'Brien . In 1924 , she also starred in the western film The Mine with the Iron Door , shot on location outside of Tucson , Arizona . That same year , the Western Association of Motion Picture Advertisers of the United States presented Mackaill with one of its WAMPAS Baby Stars awards , which each year honored thirteen young women whom the association believed to be on the threshold of movie stardom . Other notable recipients of the award in 1924 were Clara Bow , Julanne Johnston and Lucille Ricksen . Her career continued to flourish throughout the remainder of the 1920s , as she made a smooth transition to sound with the part-talkie The Barker ( 1928 ) .
Later career and retirement
In September 1928 , First National Pictures was acquired by Warner Bros. , and her contract with First National was not renewed in 1931 . Her most memorable role of this era was the 1932 Columbia Pictures B film release Love Affair ( 1932 ) with a then little-known Humphrey Bogart as her leading man . She made several films for MGM , Paramount and Columbia before retiring in 1937 , to care for her ailing mother .
In 1955 , Mackaill moved to Honolulu , Hawaii . She had fallen in love with the islands while filming His Captive Woman ( 1929 ) . Mackaill lived at the luxurious Royal Hawaiian Hotel on the beach at Waikiki as a sort of celebrity-in-residence and enjoyed swimming in the ocean nearly every day .
She occasionally came out of retirement to appear in television productions , including two episodes of Hawaii Five-O in 1976 and 1980 .
Personal life
Mackaill was married three times . Her first marriage was to German film director Lothar Mendes , on November 17 , 1926 . They divorced in August 1928 . On November 4 , 1931 , she married radio singer Neil Albert Miller . They divorced in February 1934 . Her third and final marriage was to horticulturist Harold Patterson in June 1947 . She filed for divorce in December 1948 .
Mackaill had no children .
Naturalization as the United States citizen
Mackaill became a naturalized United States citizen in 1926 , giving 1904 as her year of birth , and her age as 22 .
Death
Mackaill resided in Honolulu , Hawaii , during the last 35 years of her life . She died there of liver failure in her room at the Royal Hawaiian Hotel on August 12 , 1990 . She was cremated and her ashes scattered off Waikiki Beach .
Filmography
References
External links
Photographs of Dorothy Mackaill
1903 births
1990 deaths
20th-century American actresses
Actresses from Honolulu
Actresses from Kingston upon Hull
American film actresses
American silent film actresses
American stage actresses
American television actresses
English silent film actresses
20th-century English actresses
English actresses
British emigrants to the United States
Ziegfeld girls
Deaths from kidney failure
WAMPAS Baby Stars
Naturalized citizens of the United States
Dakh Daughters is a Ukrainian music and theatre project started in 2012 in Kyiv . The band consists of seven women , who play on various instruments and sing in different languages ( Ukrainian , English , French , German , Russian ) and dialects of Ukrainian . They often use texts by famous authors in their lyrics ( e.g . Taras Shevchenko , William Shakespeare , Iosip Brodsky , Charles Bukowski , Shaggy ) .
Dakh Daughters participants are members of different projects such as DakhaBrakha and Perkalaba . The band 's name derives from the Dakh theater which is associated with the project .
The band became famous after publishing on YouTube the music video `` Rozy / Donbass '' , based on Shakespeare 's Sonnet 35 and Ukrainian folk songs . Also well-known is the video of their live performance on Maidan Nezalezhnosti in Kyiv during the early Euromaidan protests in December 2013 .
Dakh Daughters has performed in various Ukrainian cities , as well as outside of the country ( in Poland , Czech Republic , France , Russia and Brazil ) . They have taken part in such events as Zakhid Festival , HoholFest , Silent films festival in Odessa etc .
The first band 's studio album , IF , containing 9 tracks , was released in November 2016 .
The second , AIR , came out in April 2019 .
Dakh Daughters was featured prominently in the 2019 Ukrainian musical comedy film Hutsulka Ksenya .
Discography
If ( 2016 )
Air ( 2019 )
Make Up ( 2021 )
References
External links
Dakh Daughters on SoundCloud
Ukrainian folk music
Ukrainian musical groups
All-female bands
English-language singers from Ukraine
Musical groups from Kyiv
2012 establishments in Ukraine
Musical groups established in 2012
KV Pharmaceutical Company ( KV ) was an American drug company that brought generic and non-branded pharmaceutical products to the market . Headquartered in St. Louis , Missouri , it had research and manufacturing facilities , as well as marketing and sales operations , the latter activities conducted through its subsidiaries , Ther-Rx Corporation and Nesher Pharmaceuticals Inc .
Background
KV was founded by Bob Keith & Victor Hermelin in 1942 who ran the company until 1975 , when he was replaced by his son Marc . Marc Hermelin was ousted in 2008 when an FDA inspection took place . The following year KV convicted of felony charges for the `` making , marketing , and distribution of adulterated and unapproved drugs '' was shut down by the Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) . After a proxy fight , M. Hermelin returned to the company 's board . Between 2008 and 2010 , KV lost three-quarters of its workforce , down to 350 . KV was reapproved for manufacturing drugs in 2010 , while its Ethex manufacturing subsidiary was sold .
Rather than developing new molecular entities , KV researches different modes of drug delivery . It developed bioadhesive drug delivery where molecules adhere to wet sites such as a mucosa ( example Clindesse ) , and is investigating quick-dissolving and controlled-release drug venues .
Makena pricing controversy
In February 2011 , U.S. Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) granted approval to KV for `` Makena '' ( hydroxyprogesterone caproate or OHPC ) for the prevention of premature birth in women with a single fetus of less than 37 weeks gestation who had at least one previous preterm birth . For many years , however , OHPC had been available and used by obstetricians `` off label '' . Prior to the release of Makena , the drug was made available by pharmacies that compounded the agent for $ 15 or less per injection ( typically 15 to 20 injections are given over a treatment course ) . With the FDA approval of Makena as an orphan drug , KV received the exclusive right to sell the drug for seven years . KV boosted its price by a factor of 100 , to $ 1,500 per injection , or about $ 25,000 per treatment .
The pricing policy of KV was heavily criticized as it substantially increased medication cost and removed less expensive alternatives . KV indicated that the cost of taking care of a premature birth is about $ 51,000 justifying the cost of the medication , further , a system would be in place to enable patients without means to obtain the medication . Thus , expenses would essentially fall on the public sector and insurance carriers . A number of physician organizations have opposed the pricing policy of the company as did the March of Dimes that supported the arrival of Makena . The FDA commissioner Margaret Hamburg stated that the agency was not in a position to influence pricing . Concerned about price gouging , two Senators , Amy Klobuchar ( D-Minn. ) and Sherrod Brown ( D-Ohio ) indicated that they plan to initiate hearings with the Federal Trade Commission about KV 's conduct . The controversy spawned protests like the `` Shame on You KV Pharmaceutical and CEO Greg Divis '' Facebook page .
By the end of March the FDA announced that pharmacies compounding the drug independently will not face legal reprisal , thus enabling the price of the drug to remain in the $ 10–20 range . After this announcement , K-V 's stock dropped by more than 60 % on March 30 , 2011 , and the company cut the price of Makena to $ 690 per dose .
Bankruptcy and acquisition
KV Pharmaceutical filed a petition for protection under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Act on August 4 , 2012 in U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York in Manhattan . The petition listed the company 's assets as $ 237 million and its debts as $ 728 million . The filing came on the same day that the company failed to make a $ 95 million payment it owed to Hologic Inc. , KV 's partner in developing Makena . The bankruptcy followed a long string of troubles for KV involving oversize morphine tablets , a criminal prosecution , and the barring of KV 's former chairman , Marc Hermelin , from doing business with federal health programs .
The company emerged from bankruptcy in 2013 with less debt and a $ 375 million recapitalization , including cancellation of its previous preferred and common stock . Senior secured notes were paid in cash , and general unsecured creditors received a pro rata share of $ 10.25 million . Convertible subordinated noteholders received 7 percent of KV 's new common shares in addition to shares purchased through the rights offering or direct purchase of shares .
The company changed its name to Lumara Health , Inc. in May , 2014 and in September , 2014 announced that it was being acquired by two different buyers in deals valued at $ 757 million . Waltham , Massachusetts-based AMAG Pharmaceuticals acquired Lumara Health for $ 675 million in cash and stock , and in a separate transaction , Dublin , Ireland-based Perrigo Co. acquired Lumara Health 's women 's health care business , including the Clindesse Vaginal Cream , Gynazole-1 and Evamist products , for $ 82 million . The AMAG Pharmaceuticals acquisition included the Makena product . Lumara Health now operates as a division of AMAG Pharmaceuticals .
Products
Ther-Rx Corporation
Gynazole-1 ( butoconazole nitrate vaginal cream , 2 % )
Clindesse ( clindamycin phosphate vaginal cream , 2 % )
Evamist ( estradiol transdermal spray )
Makena ( Hydroxyprogesterone caproate ) ( after 3/14/2011 )
Nesher Pharmaceuticals
Potassium Chloride Extended-Release Capsules , USP
References
Pharmaceutical companies disestablished in 2014
Companies formerly listed on the New York Stock Exchange
Defunct pharmaceutical companies of the United States
Freddy Mombongo-Dues ( born 30 August 1985 ) is a Congolese footballer who plays for Patro Eisden Maasmechelen in the Belgian Second Amateur Division .
Career
Club
On 27 July 2011 , Mombongo-Dues signed a one-year contract , with the option of a second , with Belgian Pro League side Mons . After only six months with Mons , Mombongo-Dues moved to fellow Pro League side Royal Antwerp on 31 January 2012 , signing a 2.5-year contract . After his Antwerp contract expired , Mombongo-Dues moved to AZAL PFK of the Azerbaijan Premier League on 25 August 2014 , signing a two-year contract .
Career statistics
Club
References
1985 births
Living people
Democratic Republic of the Congo footballers
1 . FC Köln II players
Bonner SC players
Wuppertaler SV players
K.A.S . Eupen players
R.A.E.C . Mons players
Royal Antwerp F.C . players
AZAL PFK players
FC Viktoria Köln players
SV Waldhof Mannheim players
Royale Union Saint-Gilloise players
RFC Liège players
K. Patro Eisden Maasmechelen players
Belgian First Division A players
Belgian First Division B players
Expatriate footballers in Azerbaijan
Expatriate footballers in Belgium
Expatriate footballers in Germany
Democratic Republic of the Congo expatriate footballers
Democratic Republic of the Congo expatriate sportspeople in Belgium
Association football forwards
Footballers from Kinshasa
21st-century Democratic Republic of the Congo people
Snow Hill is a manor house located south of Laurel , Maryland , off Maryland Route 197 , in Prince George 's County . Built between 1799 and 1801 , the -story brick house is rectangular , with a gambrel roof , interior end chimneys , and shed dormers . It has a center entrance with transom and a small gabled porch . A central hall plan was used , with elaborate interior and corner cupboards . The original south wing was removed and rebuilt , and the home restored in 1940 . The Late Georgian style house was the home of Samuel Snowden , part owner of extensive family ironworks , inherited from his father Richard Snowden . and is now owned and operated by the Maryland-National Capital Park and Planning Commission as a rental facility .
Snow Hill was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974 .
Gallery
References
External links
, including photo in 1999 , at Maryland Historical Trust website
Snow Hill , 13209 Laurel-Bowie Road , Laurel vicinity , Prince George 's County , MD : 20 photos and 15 data pages , at Historic American Buildings Survey
Snow Hill , Log Dependency , 13209 Laurel-Bowie Road , Laurel vicinity , Prince George 's County , MD : 1 photo and 1 data page , at Historic American Buildings Survey
Historic American Buildings Survey in Maryland
Houses in Prince George 's County , Maryland
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Maryland
Buildings and structures in Laurel , Maryland
Houses completed in 1801
Georgian architecture in Maryland
National Register of Historic Places in Prince George 's County , Maryland
`` How R U Doin ? '' is a song by Danish-Norwegian pop group Aqua from their third studio album , Megalomania . It was released as the album 's lead single on 14 March 2011 . The song peaked at number four in Denmark , becoming the group 's tenth top-ten single . It has since been certified gold by the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry ( IFPI ) for sales of 15,000 copies .
Background and composition
On 9 March 2011 Aqua posted the single artwork to `` How R U Doin ? '' on their Facebook page with the date `` 14.03.2011 '' .
The Europop song was written by Søren Rasted , Claus Norreen , and Thomas Troelsen . The song serves as the first single from their third studio album , Megalomania , which was released on 3 October 2011 .
Music video
The music video starts off with Søren , René , Lene , and Claus walking towards the camera with the words 'How R U Doin ? ' appearing on-screen in-beat with the music . René and Lene are then driving white trucks throughout a dirty , post-apocalyptic environment with Søren and Claus as passengers , respectively . After doing jumps , maneuvering through explosions , and crashing into various objects , the group walks away from the trucks - away from the camera - with the words 'How R U Doin ? ' appearing on-screen one last time .
Track listing
Digital download
`` How R U Doin ? '' – 3:21
Digital download — remixes
`` How R U Doin ? '' ( Freisig & Dif Remix ) – 5:26
`` How R U Doin ? '' ( Club Mix ) – 6:01
Certifications
Certifications
Release history
References
External links
2011 singles
Aqua ( band ) songs
Songs written by Søren Rasted
Songs written by Thomas Troelsen
Songs written by Claus Norreen
2011 songs
Biobus is a novel concept in science education involving a bus that has been equipped as a self-contained , mobile laboratory used to educate K-12 students in biology basics . The bus may also be used for other audiences such as community organizations . Typically , a school or organization requests a visit , and the bus , staffed by scientists , arrives onsite so that it can involve students in participatory science experiments and presentations . The objective is to demonstrate to young people the fun of actual science , as opposed to textbook learning .
The first Biobus program was created in 1999 by Georgia State University ( GSU ) , with grant assistance from the National Science Foundation . Since its founding , the GSU Biobus has made 1,000 visits involving over 286,000 people . The concept has spread beyond Georgia , including New York City .
References
External links
Georgia State University Biobus
BioBus , Inc. ( NYC )
Science Edutainment
Inspiring a new generation of nanoscientists ( SPIE Professional )
Ben Dubin-Thaler & Sarah Weisberg : The BioBus Mobile Science Lab
Science education
Buses by type
Vehicles introduced in 1999
Assistance in Recovery ( AiR ) is an international provider of addiction recovery assistance in Saint Paul , Minnesota that focuses on treating addiction as a chronic disease , and provides services to reflect this . AiR has behavioral health case management services for chronic disease care and specializes in the treatment of chemical dependency , mental health and eating disorders . AiR is an organization of professional intervention specialists , recovery and addiction licensed counselors and consultants who provide crisis management services through education , action and healing alongside their behavioral health management services and aftercare recovery assistance programs .
The implementation of case management improves outcomes for clients . This increase is a result of consistent support for the family or organization and ongoing advocacy with appropriate clinical support for the individual .
The company maintains offices in 15 cities within the United States , with a staff of board certified clinical psychologists , social workers , addiction counselors and therapists . The company also manages cases from outside the United States .
History
Assistance in Recovery ( AiR ) follows in line with the philosophy and practice of Dr. Vernon Johnson , the creator of the Johnson Model of intervention , which stresses the need to break through the denial harbored by most who suffer from addiction . By confronting and promoting the positive outcomes of treatment while explaining the negative consequences of refusal , the individual becomes enabled to make an informed , active decision regarding his/her disease .
In the 1990s , Dr. Johnson 's successor Dr. James Fearing began National Counseling Intervention Services ( NCIS ) in Minneapolis . His goal was to educate families about addiction and provide national intervention training . NCIS was one of the foremost intervention training sources until Dr . Fearing 's death in 2002 .
Employed and trained by Dr . Fearing as an interventionist in the mid nineties , Andrew Wainwright created AiR with the same goal in 2002 .
Wainwright 's understanding of addiction recovery came not only from his experience working under Dr . Fearing , but also from his own personal recovery from heroin addiction in the mid-1990s . After his mother urged him to seek recovery while in a psychiatric ward in Washington D.C. , Wainwright entered treatment at the nationally recognized Hazelden center in Center City , Minnesota . While in treatment , Wainwright met Robert Poznanovich and together began Addiction Intervention Resources , Incorporated . The company was the first to implement both Dr. Johnson 's model of recovery and the Family Systems model . The AiR Model focuses on a fast initiation of care while also helping the family cope . In so doing , they increase the rates of recovery for those struggling to overcome addiction or behavioral health issues .
Following Poznanovich 's departure from the company in 2009 , Wainwright re-branded AiR , renaming it Assistance in Recovery and expanding the company .
AiR has provided consulting , intervention and recovery management services in all US states and around the world .
References
External links
Assistance in Recovery
US Department of Human Services , Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration ( Office of Applied Studies ) `` Results from the 2008 National Survey on Drug Use and Health : National Findings . ''
Urschel III , Dr. Harold C. , “ Revolutionary Recovery : Healing the Addicted Brain , Approaching Addiction as a Chronic Brain Disease. ” PsychologyToday.com , 3 August 2009 .
McLellan , A. Thomas , “ Have We Evaluated Addiction Treatment Correctly ? Implications From a Chronic Care Perspective. ” Society for the Study of Addiction to Alcohol and Other Drugs , Addiction . 97 , 249–252 , 2002 .
Leshner , Alan I. , “ Addiction Is a Brain Disease , and It Matters. ” Focus . 1 : 190-193 , 2003
Mental health organizations in Minnesota
Addiction organizations in the United States
Doughty Street is a broad tree-lined street in the King 's Cross district of the London Borough of Camden . The southern part is a continuation of the short John Street , which comes off Theobald 's Road . The northern part crosses Guilford Street and ends at Mecklenburgh Square . The street is named after a landlord of the area at the time it was built , Henry Doughty .
History
The street contains mainly grade II listed Georgian houses built between 1790 and the 1840s . Many of the houses have been converted into offices and are popular with companies in the legal profession and the media . In the last few years , many of these have been converted back to family homes .
In the nineteenth century , it was an exclusive residential street and had gates at either end to restrict entry and these were manned by porters .
`` It was a broad , airy , wholesome street – none of your common thoroughfares , to be rattled through by vulgar cabs and earth-shaking Pickford 's vans ; but a self-included property , with a gate at each end , and a lodge with a porter in a gold-laced hat and the Doughty arms on the buttons of his mulberry coat , to prevent any one , except with a mission to one of the houses , from , intruding on the exclusive territory . ''
The London Post Office Railway passes underneath the street , but is now disused .
Notable occupants
A notable resident of Doughty Street was Charles Dickens . On 25 March 1837 , Dickens moved with his family into No . 48 ( on which he had a three-year lease at £80 a year ) where he would remain until December 1839 . He wrote Oliver Twist in the house . His sister-in-law , Mary Hogarth died here . This address is now a grade I listed building and has housed the Charles Dickens Museum since 1925 .
Novelist and dramatist , and friend of Charles Dickens , Edmund Yates lived at No . 43 in the 1850s and recorded memories of the house and street in his memoirs .
Authors Vera Brittain and Winifred Holtby shared a flat at No . 58 in the 1920s and earlier Sydney Smith lived at No . 14 .
The poet Charlotte Mew was born at No . 30 in 1869 and lived there until 1890 .
The novelist and writer E. M. Delafield occupied a flat on the street , and it serves as the setting for several entries in her pseudo-autobiographical works 'The Provincial Lady Goes Further ' and 'The Provincial Lady in America ' .
Doughty Street Chambers ( No.10-11 & 53–54 ) . This prominent Human Rights Chambers have occupied property on the street since opening its doors for business for the first time in 1990 . Starting with only 30 members , they now have 100 barristers .
The Spectator , a conservative magazine was based at No . 56 for many years until moving to new premises .
18 Doughty Street ( Doughty Media Ltd. ) , a conservative internet site .
Sir Travers Humphreys , the eminent judge , was born here in 1867 .
The British Thoracic Society , a medical professional body are at No . 17 .
The UK office of the US educational charity the Fulbright Commission is based at No . 62 .
The literary agency , Sheil Land Associates , is based at No . 52 , having previously been based at No . 43 . Their post is often still delivered to their old address .
References
Streets in the London Borough of Camden
Holborn
Adenanthos oreophilus , commonly known as woollybush , is a species of tall shrub endemic to southwest Western Australia . It is closely related to the better known A. sericeus ( Albany woollybush ) , and was only classified as a species distinct from the latter in 1978 by Irish botanist E. Charles Nelson .
Description
Adenanthos oreophilus grows as an erect shrub up to 2 m ( 7 ft ) in height , with erect branches . It lacks a lignotuber . Like many Adenanthos species , its leaves are deeply divided into long , soft , slender laciniae , in this case trisegmented into three or five laciniae . The flowers are scarlet . The perianth tube is from 27 to 35 mm long , and the style around 40 mm .
This species is very similar in appearance to its close relative A. sericeus , having , in particular , almost identical flowers . However the leaves of A. sericea are divided into many more laciniae , which are thinner than those of A. oreophilus .
Taxonomy
Botanical collections attributable to this species date back at least to the middle of the 19th century , but the taxon was long regarded merely as a form of A. sericeus . It was not until 1978 that Irish botanist E. Charles Nelson published it as a distinct species . He based his concept of the species on a specimen collected by him in 1973 from East Mount Barren in the Fitzgerald River National Park . He gave it the specific epithet oreophila from the Ancient Greek terms oreos ( `` mountain '' ) and philos ( `` beloved '' ) , in reference to the species occurrence only on mountain ranges . The proper word for `` mountain '' in Ancient Greek is however oros ( ὄρος ) .
Nelson followed George Bentham in dividing Adenanthos into two sections , placing A. oreophila into A. sect . Adenanthos because its perianth tube is fairly straight , and not swollen above the middle . He further divided the section into two subsections , with A. oreophila placed into A. subsect . Adenanthos for reasons including the length of its perianth . However Nelson discarded his own subsections in his 1995 treatment of Adenanthos for the Flora of Australia series of monographs . By this time , the ICBN had issued a ruling that all genera ending in -anthos must be treated as having masculine gender , so A. oreophila became A. oreophilus .
The placement of A. oreophilus in Nelson 's arrangement of Adenanthos may be summarised as follows :
Adenanthos
A. sect . Eurylaema ( 4 species )
A. sect . Adenanthos
A. drummondii
A. dobagii
A. apiculatus
A. linearis
A. pungens ( 2 subspecies )
A. gracilipes
A. venosus
A. dobsonii
A. glabrescens ( 2 subspecies )
A. ellipticus
A. cuneatus
A. stictus
A. ileticos
A. forrestii
A. eyrei
A. cacomorphus
A. flavidiflorus
A. argyreus
A. macropodianus
A. terminalis
A. sericeus ( 2 subspecies )
A . × cunninghamii
A. oreophilus
A. cygnorum ( 2 subspecies )
A. meisneri
A. velutinus
A. filifolius
A. labillardierei
A. acanthophyllus
Nelson states that there are subtle morphological differences between taxa in different populations , which may merit recognition as distinct subspecies , but to date no such subspecies have been published .
Distribution and habitat
Adenanthos oreophilus has an unusually disjunct distribution for an Adenanthos species . The main populations are found on East Mount Barren , and south to the Fitzgerald River , but there are also outlying populations at Mount Desmond , as well as Mount Ragged and a hill referred to by Nelson as 'Hill 62 ' , the last two of which are located about 500 km ( 310 mi ) east of the Barren Ranges . It grows on rocky hillslopes in laterite or siliceous sand , among tall scrub .
Cultivation
Nelson reports cultivating this species at the Australian National University as part of morphological studies , but beyond that it is little known in cultivation . It may have potential as a `` foliage contrast '' for gardens in areas with reliable winter rainfall .
References
External links
oreophilus
Eudicots of Western Australia
Sultan Hassan Farah ( , was a Somali ruler . He was the third Grand Sultan of the Isaaq Sultanate
Biography
Son of Sultan Farah Guled , he was part of the second generation of the Ba Ambaro of the Rer Guled , who are the leading section of the Eidagale Garhajis subclan of Isaaq
Reign
Following a massive conflict between the Ayal Ahmed and Ayal Yunis branches of the Habr Awal over who would control the trade of Berbera , Sultan Hassan brought both the subclans before the holy relic from the tomb of Aw Barkhadle . An item that is said to belong to Bilal Ibn Rabah .
When any grave question arises affecting the interests of the Isaakh tribe in general . On a paper yet carefully preserved in the tomb , and bearing the sign-manual of Belat [ Bilal ] , the slave of one [ of ] the early khaleefehs , fresh oaths of lasting friendship and lasting alliances are made ... In the season of 1846 this relic was brought to Berbera in charge of the Haber Gerhajis , and on it the rival tribes of Aial Ahmed and Aial Yunus swore to bury all animosity and live as brethren .
Lieutenant C.P Rigby in the year 1848 writes
The Hubr Gajis tribe and its different branches are governed by two Sultans , named Sultan Deriah [ Habr Yunis Sultan ] and Sultan Farah [ Eidagale Sultan ] : the residence of the latter is at Toro .
See also
Deria Sugulleh Ainashe 2nd Sultan of the Habr Yunis contemporary of Sultan Farah
Hersi Aman 3rd Sultan of the Habr Yunis and contemporary of Sultan Farah
Isaaq
Garhajis
Habr Awal
References
Somali sultans
Somalian Muslims
19th-century Somalian people
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
African royalty
African rulers
History of Somalia
History of Africa
African monarchs
Grand Sultans of the Isaaq Sultanate
Isaaq Sultanate
Adolf IV may refer to :
Adolf IV , Count of Berg , count of Berg from 1132 until 1160
Adolf IV of Holstein ( before 1205 – 1261 )
Adolf IV of the Marck ( 1373–1448 )
A Barrel Full of Dollars also known as Coffin Full of Dollars ( ) is a 1971 Italian Western film directed by Demofilo Fidani and starring Jack Betts .
Cast
Hunt Powers – Tamayo
Gordon Mitchell – John
Ray Saunders – Sam
Simone Blondel – Monica Benson
Dennis Colt – Ramirez
Dean Reese – Charles Benson
Klaus Kinski – Hagen
Jeff Cameron – George 'Nevada Kid ' Hamilton
Lorenzo Arbore – Sheriff
Lucky McMurray
Custer Gail
References
External links
1971 films
1971 Western ( genre ) films
1970s Italian-language films
Spaghetti Western films
Films directed by Demofilo Fidani
Films scored by Lallo Gori
1970s Italian films
The Nettleton School District is a public school district based in Nettleton , Mississippi ( USA ) .
The district serves northwestern Monroe and southeastern Lee counties .
Schools
Nettleton High School
Nettleton Intermediate School
Nettleton Primary School
Demographics
2006-07 school year
There were a total of 1,359 students enrolled in the Nettleton School District during the 2006–2007 school year . The gender makeup of the district was 50 % female and 50 % male . The racial makeup of the district was 27.74 % African American , 71.52 % White , 0.66 % Hispanic , and 0.07 % Asian . 52.0 % of the district 's students were eligible to receive free lunch .
Previous school years
Accountability statistics
Racially segregated student government election policy
On August 26 , 2010 , The Smoking Gun posted a memo which Nettleton Middle School had distributed to all students in grades 6–8 . The memo described the rules for the student government election , including specifications that only students of particular races be elected to particular posts . Of the twelve posts , eight were reserved for white students . The highest posts , the president for each grade level , were all reserved for whites .
Some parents complained about this policy . At around the same time , school superintendent Russell Taylor issued a statement saying that the policy was being reviewed . As a firestorm of news coverage developed in the next day , the school board voted in an emergency meeting on August 27 , 2010 to reverse the policy . The district 's press release stated that the policy had existed for over 30 years , and was intended to `` ensure minority representation and involvement in the student body . ''
See also
List of school districts in Mississippi
References
External links
History of racism in Mississippi
Education in Lee County , Mississippi
Education in Monroe County , Mississippi
School districts in Mississippi
Transport for Wales may refer to :
KeolisAmey Wales , train operator using the Transport for Wales brand from 14 October 2018 until 6 February 2021
Transport for Wales , a government agency
Transport for Wales Rail , train operator using the Transport for Wales brand since 7 February 2021
See also
Transport in Wales , a general overview of transport in Wales
Transport in New South Wales , a general overview of transport in New South Wales , Australia
Transport for NSW , an agency of the New South Wales Government in Australia
Petar Dachev ( , born 15 June 1979 , Troyan ) is a retired Bulgarian long jumper , best known for his gold medal at the 2000 European Indoor Championships .
His personal best was 8.30 metres , achieved in June 2000 in Nicosia . This ranks him fourth among Bulgarian long jumpers , behind Ivaylo Mladenov , Atanas Atanasov and Nikolay Atanasov .
Achievements
References
1979 births
Living people
Bulgarian male long jumpers
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Olympic athletes of Bulgaria
European Athletics Championships medalists
People from Troyan
21st-century Bulgarian people
20th-century Bulgarian people
A Southern accent term usually refers to either :
Southern American English
English in Southern England
Southern Accent ( newspaper ) , the weekly student-run newspaper at Southern Adventist University
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1500 .
Events
December 31 – Figurae bibliae by Antonius Rampegollis is printed in Venice by Georgius Arrivabenus . This is generally accepted as the last of the end of incunables .
unknown date – John Skelton , tutor to Prince Henry ( second son of King Henry VII of England , is referred to as `` unum Britannicarum literarum lumen ac decus '' in De Laudibus Britanniae , a Latin ode by Desiderius Erasmus , .
New books
Prose
This is the Boke of Cokery ( first known printed cookbook in English )
Hieronymus Brunschwygk – Liber de arte distillandi de simplicibus ( Simple book on the art of distillation )
Desiderius Erasmus – Adagia ( Paris )
Johannes Trithemius – Steganographia ( approximate year )
Drama
The Wakefield Master – Second Shepherds ' Play ( approximate year )
Poetry
Beves of Hamtoun ( approximate publication date , written c. 1300 )
Geoffrey Chaucer ( anonymously ) – Mars and Venus ( approximate date of publication )
Singiraja – Maha Basavaraja Charitra
Births
April 12 – Joachim Camerarius ( the Elder ) , German classical scholar ( died 1574 )
April 23
Alexander Ales , Scottish-born religious controversialist ( died 1565 )
Johann Stumpf , Swiss historical and topographical writer ( died 1576 )
December 6 – Nicolaus Mameranus , Luxembourg soldier and Latin-language historian and poet ( died c. 1567 )
unknown dates
Jeanne de la Font , French poet and culture patron ( died 1553 )
Charles Dumoulin , French jurist ( died 1566 )
probable
Johannes Aal , Swiss theologian and composer ( died 1553 )
Erasmus Alberus , German humanist , reformer and poet ( died 1553 )
Shlomo Halevi Alkabetz , Greek kabbalist and poet ( died 1580 )
Francisco de Moraes , Portuguese writer ( died 1572 )
Hayâlî , Ottoman Turkish poet ( died 1557 )
Nikolaus Herman , German hymnist ( died 1561 )
Pier Angelo Manzolli ( Marcello Palingenio Stellato ) , Neapolitan Christian humanist poet ( died before 1551 )
Ludovico Pasquali , Dalmatian Italian poet ( died 1551 )
Wu Cheng'en , Chinese novelist ( died 1582 )
Deaths
April 10 – Michael Tarchaniota Marullus , Greek scholar , poet and soldier ( born c. 1453 ; drowned )
June 23 – Lodovico Lazzarelli , Italian poet , philosopher , courtier and magician ( born 1447 )
August 9 – Janus Plousiadenos , Greek Renaissance scholar and hymn-writer ( born c. 1429 )
August 10 – Serafino dell'Aquila , Petrarchan poet ( born 1466 )
October 1 – John Alcock , bishop , politician and writer ( born c.1430 )
probable – Stefano Infessura , Italian humanist writer ( born c. 1435 )
References
1500
1500 books
Years of the 15th century in literature
The closure case of the Democratic Society Party ( DTP ) between 2007 and 2009 was against a pro-Kurdish political party in Turkey which was accused of opposing the unity of the country and having links to the Kurdistan Workers ' Party ( PKK ) . The case was opened in September 2007 and resulted in the closure of the party in December 2009 . The DTP was the 25th political party which was banned in the Turkish Republic since 1962 .
Background
The Republic of Turkey has a history of closing a number of pro-Kurdish parties . The Democracy Party ( DEP ) , the People 's Labor Party ( HEP ) and also the People 's Democracy Party ( HADEP ) have been closed before . At the same time of the DTP closure case , also the Justice and Development Party ( AKP ) of Recep Tayyip Erdoğan was facing a closure trial .
Requirements
For the closure of a party the Constitutional Court of Turkey needs a ruling of a qualified majority which in the closure case of the Democratic Society Party ( DTP ) meant a majority of 7 judges out of 11 .
Trial
Indictment
On 16 September 2007 , the state prosecutor of the Supreme Court Abdurrahman Yalcinkaya submitted an indictment before the Constitutional Court demanding the closure of the DTP . In the indictment the prosecutor reasoned that the speeches and actions of the party were against the unity of the state which was contrary to the Turkish Constitution and the Law on Political Parties . That the DTP demanded education in the native language and a federal administration were viewed as evidence of the party receiving orders by Abdullah Öcalan , the imprisoned leader of the Kurdistan Workers ' Party ( PKK ) . The prosecution also requested a political ban for 221 party members of the DTP . The state prosecutor Abdurrahman Yalcinkaya repeated his demand for the closure of the party in June 2008 .
Defense
The DTP submitted their written defense in June 2008 , arguing that 129 out of 141 evidences provided by the prosecution should be viewed in light of freedom of expression . After the DTP requested more time for an oral defense , the court ordered the postponement of the oral defense to the 16 September 2008 . In the oral defense , DTP-chairman Ahmet Türk argued that the court should take into consideration the values of the European Court of Human Rights ( ECHR ) and the Venice Commission and opposed the use of weapons to solve the problems of the country while urging for a democratic solution .
Further developments
Following the oral defense of the DTP , the court began to view the provided evidence and defense . The Courts presiding judge Haşim Kılıç stated that there were about 150 trials of DTP politicians which needed to be examined before coming to a conclusion and announced a decision might come after the Municipal Elections in 2009 . The Turkish politician Devlet Bahçeli of the Nationalist Movement Party ( MHP ) supported the party 's prosecution in 2008 and the European Union , of which Turkey aspired a membership , had opposed the trial and demanded more rights for the Kurdish population in Turkey . After the DTP suggested an autonomy in Southeast Anatolia in order to find a solution to the Kurdish Turkish conflict , the state prosecutor pressured the Court of Cassation to ban the party in early November 2009 . Just days before the verdict , the Human Rights Association of Turkey demanded a democratic solution for the Kurdish Question in the Grand National Assembly of Turkey .
Verdict
On 11 December 2009 the Court of Cassation under the presidency of Haşim Kılıç banned the party with eleven votes , thus making it an unanimous decision . Kılıç reasoned that there was no difference between the PKK and the DTP and that nowhere in the world had a terrorist organization the right to express itself freely . Additionally to the closure , thirty-seven politicians received a five-year ban on political activities . Among the notable politicians targeted with the political ban were the party co-Chairs Ahmet Türk and Aysel Tugluk , and Nurettin Demirtas , Hüseyin Kalkan , Leyla Zana , Musa Farisoğulları , and Selim Sadak .
Aftermath
As a result of the verdict , the parties′ properties were transferred to the Turkish treasury . The party closure was contrary to the aims of the Government of the Justice and Development Party ( AKP ) which supported a political solution . The European Union , of which Turkey aspired a membership , had opposed the trial in the past . The remaining politicians of the DTP announced their withdrawal from the Grand National Assembly of Turkey , but at the request of Abdullah Öcalan , the leader of the Kurdistan Workers ' Party ( PKK ) the politicians returned to the assembly .
Appeal before the European Court of Human Rights
In January 2010 Hasip Kaplan , a former member of the DTP appealed to the European Court of Human Rights . In 2016 the ECHR ruled that the speeches and actions by the DTP politicians were not seen as support of Abdullah Öcalan or the Kurdistan Workers ' Parties even though the co-presidents of the DTP refused to call the PKK a terrorist organization and ordered Turkey to pay a monetary compensation of 30,000€ to each of the two co-chairs .
See also
Peoples ' Democratic Party closure case
References
Democratic Society Party politicians
Turkish nationalism
2007 in Turkey
2008 in Turkey
2009 in Turkey
Trials in Turkey
2009 disestablishments in Turkey
Morden-Winkler is a provincial electoral division in the Canadian province of Manitoba . It was created by redistribution in 2008 and was created out of part of Pembina .
The riding includes the cities of Winkler and Morden . The riding 's population in 2006 was 19,505 . As of 2018 , the riding 's population is estimated to be around 25,000 .
List of provincial representatives
Electoral results
References
Manitoba provincial electoral districts
Morden , Manitoba
Winkler , Manitoba
Philema Lemaire ( 7 July 1856 in Verberie , Oise , France – 6 May 1932 in Neuilly-Sur-Seine , Hauts-de-Seine , France ) was a French politician .
He was Governor General of Pondicherry in Second French Colonial Empire . Philema Lemaire , a member of Arthur Blocher 's congregation , was also elected deputy in the French National Assembly ( 1907–14 ) .
References
French colonial governors and administrators
Governors of French India
People of the French Third Republic
1856 births
1932 deaths
People from Oise
Charles Dale Gray ( born January 20 , 1958 ) is an American author and politician who served as a member of the Arizona House of Representatives and a member of the Arizona Senate from 2003-2006 and 2007-2011 , respectively . During his tenure in the Arizona Senate , Chuck served as the majority leader of the Republican caucus . Before entering politics , he was a police officer for the city of Mesa , Arizona . Chuck is the author of Living the American Dream , a book published in 2013 . He is the father of five children and currently resides in Queen Creek , Arizona .
Early life
Chuck Gray was born and raised in Mesa , Arizona . At the age of 19 , Chuck served a mission for The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in Spain where he learned to speak fluent Spanish . After serving as a missionary , Chuck attended Mesa Community College , where he met his future wife , Connie Jones . They were married and are now parents of five children and multiple grandchildren .
Career
Law enforcement career
In 1990 , Chuck fulfilled his lifelong dream of becoming a police officer upon joining the Mesa Police department , where he served for 10 years . As a police officer , Chuck worked as a patrol officer , a field training officer , a detective , as well as a translator for the department due to his knowledge of Spanish . After leaving Mesa Police Department , Chuck took on a full-time position with an internet company that he had founded in 1997—selling automotive accessories around the world .
Political career
In 2002 , Chuck decided to run for the Arizona House of Representatives . He received the second-most votes , behind Gary Pierce , and advanced to the general election , where he and Gary Pierce were elected to represent Arizona 's 19th district in the House of Representatives . He was re-elected in 2004 .
In 2006 , Chuck ran for and was elected to serve in the Arizona Senate . He was re-elected in 2008 . During his time in the Arizona State Senate , he served as the majority leader of the Republican caucus .
In January 2020 , Chuck announced his bid for Pinal County Supervisor , touting his experience in the Arizona Legislature and vision for SanTan Valley .
Electoral history
Note : For each of the elections described above , no Democratic candidates filed to run . Further , Arizona House districts are multi-member districts , meaning that the top 2 vote receivers for each party advance to the general election and the top 2 vote receivers win the election .
References
External links
Arizona Republicans
Members of the Arizona House of Representatives
1958 births
Living people
Electricity Commission may refer to :
Central Electricity Regulatory Commission
Electricity Commission ( New Zealand )
Electricity Commission ( UK )
Electricity Commission of New South Wales
Electricity Supply Commission of Malawi
Electricity and Gas Regulation Commission
Federal Electricity Commission ( Mexico )
Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission
Nigerian Electricity Regulatory Commission
State Electricity Commission ( disambiguation ) , various entities
State Electricity Commission of Victoria
State Electricity Regulatory Commission
State Energy Commission of Western Australia
Trinidad and Tobago Electricity Commission
See also
Electricity Authority ( disambiguation )
Sowmeeh ( , also Romanized as Şowme ‘ eh ) is a village in Rivand Rural District , in the Central District of Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 78 , in 23 families .
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Al Khor Community , also known as Umm Anaig ( ) , is a gated community on the coast of the Al Khor municipality in Qatar , over from the capital Doha . It is situated between Al Khor City and the town of Al Thakhira and is exclusive to employees of the LNG industry in nearby Ras Laffan ( mostly Qatargas ) and their families . As the largest housing community in the country , it is designated as a township by Ministry of Municipality and Environment . The community consists of villas and townhouses which accommodate around 15,000 residents , and contains three schools , a medical center , recreational facilities , a post office and a library . There are three clubhouses in the community which are used by the residents of the community .
History
First conceived of in the 1990s by Qatargas as a residential area for its employees , Al Khor Community was officially opened and received its first tenants in 1996 . Qatargas contracted Qatar Real Estate Investment Company to plan and construct the community . Later in 2001 , the first employees of Rasgas moved into the community .
Etymology
The official name of Al Khor Community is Umm Anaig . `` Umm '' , the first constituent , is Arabic for `` mother '' and is a common prefix for denoting geographic qualities . Being situated in a rawda ( depression ) with a small hill within it , the word `` anaig '' derives from `` onq '' – Arabic for `` neck '' – in reference to the shape of the hill .
Education
Al Khor International School ( AKIS ) British Stream , a British Curriculum school , offers education from kindergarten through secondary school .
AKIS Indian Stream , an Indian Curriculum school established in 2002 , offers education from kindergarten through secondary school .
AKIS Nursery is a preschool which teaches in English .
Gallery
References
Al Khor
Populated places in Al Khor
Populated coastal places in Qatar
USS Enaj ( SP-578 ) was a United States Navy patrol vessel in commission from 1917 to 1918 .
Enaj was built as a private steam yacht of the same name by the Herreshoff Manufacturing Company at Bristol , Rhode Island , in 1909 . On 11 June 1917 , the U.S. Navy acquired her under a free lease from her owner for use as a section patrol vessel during World War I . She was commissioned the same day as USS Enaj ( SP-578 ) .
Assigned to the 2nd Naval District in southern New England , Enaj carried out patrols and executed special duty assignments with the Inspection Section at Newport , Rhode Island , for the rest of World War I .
Enaj was returned to her owner on 31 December 1918 .
References
SP-578 Enaj at Department of the Navy Naval History and Heritage Command Online Library of Selected Images : U.S. Navy Ships -- Listed by Hull Number `` SP '' # s and `` ID '' # s -- World War I Era Patrol Vessels and other Acquired Ships and Craft numbered from SP-500 through SP-599
NavSource Online : Section Patrol Craft Photo Archive : Enaj ( SP 578 )
Patrol vessels of the United States Navy
World War I patrol vessels of the United States
Ships built in Bristol , Rhode Island
1909 ships
Individual yachts
Joshua Robert Tyler Minott ( born November 25 , 2002 ) is a Jamaican-American professional basketball player for the Minnesota Timberwolves of the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) . He played college basketball for the Memphis Tigers .
High school career
Minott played basketball for Saint Andrew 's School in Boca Raton , Florida . In his junior season , he averaged 17.2 points , 7.4 rebounds and 3.3 assists per game , helping his team win the Class 3A state championship , its first state title . As a senior , Minott averaged 23.1 points and 8.3 rebounds per game , and was named Palm Beach County Class 5A-1A Player of the Year by the Sun-Sentinel . A four-star recruit , he committed to playing college basketball for Memphis over offers from Florida State , Texas , Baylor and Maryland .
College career
On January 23 , 2022 , Minott recorded a career-high 18 points and nine rebounds in an 83–81 win over Tulsa . As a freshman at Memphis , he averaged 6.6 points and 3.8 rebounds in 14.6 minutes per game . Minott was named to the American Athletic Conference ( AAC ) All-Freshman Team and was a three-time AAC Freshman of the Week . On March 24 , 2022 , he declared for the 2022 NBA draft while maintaining his college eligibility . He opted to remain in the draft , forgoing his remaining college eligibility .
Professional career
Minnesota Timberwolves ( 2022–present )
In the 2022 NBA draft , Minott was drafted by the Charlotte Hornets with the 45th pick in the draft . He was later traded to the Minnesota Timberwolves , along with a 2023 second-round draft pick via the New York Knicks in exchange for Bryce McGowens , the 40th pick in the draft . Minott joined the Timberwolves ' 2022 NBA Summer League roster . In his Summer League debut , Minott scored twenty-two points and ten rebounds in a 85–78 win over the Denver Nuggets . On July 17 , 2022 , Minott signed a four-year , $ 6.8M deal with the Timberwolves .
National team career
Minott was born in Florida but plays for the Jamaican national team . At the 2019 Centrobasket Under-17 Championship in Puerto Rico , he averaged 26 points , nine rebounds and 4.6 steals per game .
Career statistics
College
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | 2021–22
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | Memphis
| 33 || 5 || 14.6 || .522 || .143 || .754 || 3.8 || .9 || .8 || .7 || 6.6
References
External links
Memphis Tigers bio
2002 births
Living people
American men 's basketball players
Jamaican men 's basketball players
American sportspeople of Jamaican descent
Charlotte Hornets draft picks
Memphis Tigers men 's basketball players
Small forwards
Basketball players from Florida
Sportspeople from Boca Raton , Florida
Our Moon has Blood Clots : The Exodus of the Kashmiri Pandits is a 2013 memoir by Indian author Rahul Pandita about the exodus of Kashmiri Hindus in the late 1989 and early 1990 .
Reception
Manjula Narayan of Hindustan Times wrote : `` The form contributes to much of the power of this book that speaks of the pain of fleeing a beloved home , incorporates moving descriptions of rituals specific to the Shaivite Pandits , and weaves in oral histories and snatches of poetry from , among others , Lal Ded and Agha Shahid Ali '' . Soutik Biswas of Mint gave a positive review and said , `` Pandita writes evocatively about passing trucks filled with scared Pandits escaping to Jammu , the women “ herded like cattle ” , and a man showing the family his fist and wishing them death . '' He however felt that journalism was the `` weakest link in what is a largely engaging memoir . ''
Amberish K Diwanji of Daily News and Analysis wrote that the book `` Our Moon Has Blood Clots makes for difficult reading . Not only did the refugees suffer from government neglect , even their religious kindred in Jammu cared little for them and exploited them . Entire families , with five or six members , were put up in small rooms . There was no privacy , rents were exorbitant and water was rationed . ''
References
Further reading
Anuradha Bhasin Jamwal , A Moon has Many Shades , Economic and Political Weekly , 27 April 2013 .
Rahul Pandita , Selective Memory , Collective Amnesia , Economic and Political Weekly , 1 June 2013 .
Sualeh Keen , Inconvenient People , Economic and Political Weekly , 8 June 2013 .
Bashir Manzir , Kashmir : A Tale of Two Communities , Cloven , Economic and Political Weekly , 27 July 2013 .
D. P. Satish , Book review : Our Moon Has Blood Clots , Gateway House , 1 February 2013 .
Prayaag Akbar , A partial but important depiction of loss and exile , The Sunday Guardian , 7 February 2013 .
Pradeep Magazine , From the Valley , a selective remembrance of things past , The Hindu , 8 February 2013 .
Amberish K. Dewanji , Book Review : 'Our Moon Has Blood Clots : The exodus of the Kashmiri Pandits ' , Daily News and Analysis , 10 February 2013 .
Peter Griffin , Rahul Pandita On Kashmir and its Stories , Forbes India , 8 March 2013 .
K. S. Narayanan , Book Review : Our Moon Has Blood Clots , The Sunday Indian , 14 March 2013 .
Nandini Krishnan , Rahul Pandita , Basharat Peer and Kashmir 's contradictory stories , SIFY News , 25 April 2013 .
External links
Official website
Just Books : Rahul Pandita on 'Our Moon Has Blood Clots ' , NDTV
Books about the Kashmir conflict
Indian memoirs
2013 non-fiction books
The Mask Project A ( ) is the fifth season of The Mask Singer , a Thai singing competition program presented by Kan Kantathavorn . It aired on Workpoint TV on Thursday at 20:05 from 28 June 2018 to 4 October 2018 .
Panel of Judges
First round
Group 1 Jungle War
Group 2 Sky War
Group 3 Marine War
Semi-Final
Group 1 Jungle War
Group 2 Sky War
Group 3 Marine War
Final
Champ VS Champ
Champ of the Champ
Celebration of The Mask Champion
Elimination Table
The Mask Truce Day
The Mask Truce Day is a Thai special program about guess singers in masks after the finished Project A series that aired 15 episodes . the word Truce means temporarily stay competitive .
This special program broadcast only 2 episodes presented by Kan Kantathavorn . It airs on Workpoint TV on Thursday at 20:05 , starting from 11–18 October 2018 .
References
The Mask Singer
2018 Thai television seasons
Montepaone ( Calabrian : ) is a town and comune of the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of southern Italy .
Geography
Montepaone sits on the Italian Ionian sea in the Gulf of Squillace . Soverato , Gasperina , Montauro are nearby towns .
Economy
Montepaone is highly reliant on seasonal tourism both from Italian-Americans visiting family in the region and from Northern Italians . The work force in the town is around 19 % of the total population .
References
External links
Official website
Information in English on Montepaone
Cities and towns in Calabria
Coherent Corp. ( formerly II-VI Incorporated ) is an American manufacturer of optical materials and semiconductors . As of 2021 , the company had 22,961 employees . Their stock is listed at Nasdaq under the ticker symbol COHR . In July 2022 , II-VI Incorporated completed the acquisition of Coherent , Inc. , and the combined company adopted its current name .
History
Coherent was co-founded as II-VI Incorporated in 1971 by Carl Johnson . The name `` II-VI '' is a reference to the groups II and VI in the periodic table , since the company started its business by producing cadmium telluride , consisting of cadmium ( which belongs to group II ) and tellurium ( which belongs to group VI ) . The company 's first products included optical components , such as lenses , windows , and mirrors , to manufacturers and users of CO lasers .
The company launched its IPO in 1987 . According to Carl Johnson , the funds raised by the IPO allowed II-VI to expand its zinc selenide manufacturing capacity .
In the 1990s , the company began to grow through acquisitions as well as organically . It purchased Litton System 's silicon carbide group from Northrup Grumman in the 1990s Virgo Optics in 1995 , and Lightning Optical Corporation in 1996 , among others . The combination of Virgo and Lightning created II-VI 's VLOC division for developing one-micron solid-state lasers . Acquisitions in the 2000s have included Laser Power Optics in 2000 ; Marlow Industries in 2004 ; HIGHYAG ( 75 % in 2007 and the remaining 25 % in 2013 ) ; Photop Technologies in 2010 ; Oclaro 's Santa Rosa , California , optics coating facility in 2012 ; Anadigics and EpiWorks in 2016 ; and Integrated Photonics in 2017 . The acquisition of Avalon Photonics , Anadigics , and EpiWorks allowed II-VI to increase its production of vertical-cavity surface-emitting lasers ( VCSELs ) , important to 3D sensing technology ; and the acquisition of Finisar Corporation in 2019 brought to II-VI Finisar 's indium phosphide ( InP ) platform and its experience in integrating InP lasers with optics and electronics in transceivers . The company 's silicon carbide ( SiC ) innovations have included the world 's first 200 mm SiC substrate ; the acquisitions of INNOViON , Ascatron , and the SiC IP of GE have expanded its business in this area . In March 2021 , II-VI 's offer to acquire fibre laser manufacturer Coherent , Inc. , was accepted . On July 1 , 2022 , II-VI completed the acquisition of Coherent , Inc. , and announced that the combined company is called Coherent Corp .
Carl Johnson served as II-VI 's first CEO from 1985 to 2007 . He stepped down as CEO in 2007 and was named Chairman of the Board , a position he held until 2014 . Johnson was succeeded as CEO by Francis Kramer , who had been President since 1985 . Kramer followed Johnson as Chair in 2014 , in addition to his duties as CEO , and continued as Chair in 2016 when Vincent D. ( Chuck ) Mattera , Jr. , became the company 's third CEO . In November 2021 , Kramer transitioned from Chair to Chair Emeritus , and Mattera was named Chair and CEO .
Locations and facilities
II-VI Incorporated is headquartered in Saxonburg , Pennsylvania , located north of Pittsburgh in Butler County . Prior to closing the acquisition of Coherent , Inc. , on July 1 , 2022 , the company maintained R & D , manufacturing , sales , service , and distribution facilities in 73 locations worldwide .
The Saxonburg headquarters site was once the property of KDKA , the world 's first commercially licensed radio station , and some of original structures are still there . In the 1940s , the site was expanded by the Carnegie Institute of Technology and the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission to become a 400 MeV synchrocyclotron research facility . II-VI acquired the property around 1978 and has further expanded the facility over the years .
References
External links
Semiconductor companies of the United States
Manufacturing companies based in Pennsylvania
Electronics companies established in 1971
American companies established in 1971
Companies listed on the Nasdaq
1980s initial public offerings
The Federal Correctional Institution , Morgantown ( FCI Morgantown ) is a minimum-security United States federal prison for male inmates in West Virginia . It is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons , a division of the United States Department of Justice . The facility has been nicknamed 'Club Fed ' because of its amenities which include a large college-like campus , a movie theater , a bocce ball court and a basketball court as well as housing many white collars , nonviolent offenders .
FCI Morgantown is located in the city of Morgantown in northern West Virginia and approximately 160 miles northeast of Charleston , the state capital .
History
Senator Ted Kennedy dedicated the Robert F. Kennedy Youth Center in December 1968 . The facility was designed to be the first of its kind to test a new method of detention employing an experimental `` unit management '' model that promoted a humane approach , grouping inmates into units of 50 to 200 overseen by multidisciplinary teams and specialized staff to tend to inmate needs including religious services , training , and counseling and rehabilitation . Less than a decade after opening , the facility transitioned from housing juvenile offenders to adult , male inmates . The name of the facility was later changed to 'Federal Correctional Institution , Morgantown Kennedy Center '
Notable incidents
In August 2008 , 50-year-old Randall Michael pleaded guilty to committing mail fraud while he was an inmate at FCI Morgantown . Michael masterminded a scheme to obtain money by falsely representing himself to potential investors as a wealthy executive who was attempting to obtain a grant requiring a refundable $ 50,000 bond with which he would purchase approximately 13 acres for $ 3.9 million for coal exploration . One individual subsequently mailed Michael a check for $ 26,250 addressed to the false bonding company , which Michael cashed and distributed to members of his own family . Michael was sentenced to an additional 24 months in prison on July 9 , 2009 .
Notable inmates
Current
Former
See also
List of U.S. federal prisons
Federal Bureau of Prisons
Incarceration in the United States
References
Buildings and structures in Monongalia County , West Virginia
Prisons in West Virginia
Federal Correctional Institutions in the United States
Fidelis Education is a San Francisco-based tech startup company . The company 's goal is to launch a new category of educational technology called Learning Relationship Management ( LRM ) . Founded by a former US Marine and a Harvard Business School graduate , Gunnar Counselman , Fidelis Education focuses on helping universities scale and manage relationships between students , coaches , faculty , and mentors .
Fidelis belongs to a loosely defined software and services industry that encompasses a diverse array of companies , offering a range of services to various types of non-profit post-secondary institutions .
Technology
The company is developing cloud-based software platform that allows users to manage personal and professional goals from matriculation , through graduation , and continuing into their careers . The platform allows each student to connect with a professional coach and a team of mentors who provide advice and encouragement through the entire process . The company currently partners with Arizona State Online , American Public University , and Stanford University .
Funding
Fidelis is funded entirely through venture capital . The first round of funding raised $ 2.5 million from Accel and Novak Biddle , a firm that specializes in education startups .
References
Technology companies of the United States
Companies based in San Francisco
Reflexiveness is one of Charles Hockett 's 16 Design features of language which states that in a language the speaker can use their language to talk about language . Speakers of a language are able to have knowledge about their language and be able to reflect upon it .
References
Linguistics
Cabinet or The Cabinet may refer to :
Furniture
Cabinetry , a box-shaped piece of furniture with doors and/or drawers
Display cabinet , a piece of furniture with one or more transparent glass sheets or transparent polycarbonate sheets
Filing cabinet , a piece of office furniture used to file folders
Arcade cabinet , a type of furniture which houses arcade games
Government
Cabinet ( government ) , a council of high-ranking members of government
Cabinet , term used for government entities that report directly to the governor 's office in the state of Kentucky , US
England local government executive arrangements : `` leader and cabinet '' and `` mayor and cabinet '' models
War cabinet , typically set up in wartime
Equipment
Loudspeaker enclosure
Computer case
A slotted screwdriver blade type
Serving area interface or telecoms cabinet
Media
The Cabinet ( TV series ) , an Australian political program
Cabinet ( file format ) , a computer compressed file extension
Cabinet ( magazine ) , on art and culture
Cabinet ( album ) , by Spawn of Possession
Milford Cabinet , a New Hampshire newspaper
`` Cabinet '' , a song by Spratleys Japs from Pony
Other
Cabinet ( cigarette ) , a German brand of cigarettes
Cabinet ( room ) , an early private room
Cabinet Room ( White House )
The Cabinet ( professional wrestling ) faction
See also
Cabinet card
Cabinet Inlet
Cabinet of curiosities
Cabinet painting
Cabinet projection
Cabinet selection
Coffee cabinet
List of national governments
The Cape Government Railways 3rd Class 4-4-0 of 1889 was a South African steam locomotive from the pre-Union era in the Cape of Good Hope .
In 1889 , the Cape Government Railways placed 24 3rd Class tender locomotives with a American type wheel arrangement in service . They were intended for passenger service on the Cape Western System .
Beyond Kimberley
In addition to increasing traffic on the Western System during 1887 , the planned extension of the mainline northwards from Kimberley to Vryburg would also require an increase in the locomotive fleet . Michael Stephens , who had succeeded Hawthorne Thornton in 1885 as the Locomotive Superintendent of the Western System of the Cape Government Railways ( CGR ) , therefore drew up detailed designs for a new 3rd Class passenger locomotive for the Western System . The drawings were prepared in the Salt River drawing office in Cape Town .
Manufacturer
An order for 24 of these locomotives was placed with Dübs and Company in Glasgow . The locomotives were built in two batches of twelve and were delivered early in 1889 , numbered in the range from 93 to 116 .
With a boiler pressure of , these were the first South African engines to use Ramsbottom safety valves instead of the older Salter spring balance valves . The overall design resulted in an attractive locomotive which reflected credit on the designer and the drawing office .
Service
Cape Government Railways
The locomotives were , at the time , modern and up to date with the latest practices and were possibly the most efficient engines in the country . As was usual practice with passenger locomotives on the CGR , they were painted green and had polished brass domes . They were placed in service on the easier sections of the Western System and were used on all types of traffic . On the section between Beaufort West and Kimberley , they worked passenger trains successfully in spite of the poor quality coal from the colliery at Viljoensdrif , thanks to their more liberally-proportioned boilers .
During the Second Boer War from 1899 to 1902 , at least one of these locomotives , no . 108 , had armour plating fitted to protect the engine and crew from Boer small-arms fire . Two of the photographs show no . 108 in armour plating .
By 1904 , six of the locomotives were transferred to the Midland System and renumbered in the range from 405 to 410 . Here they were employed on the line between Port Elizabeth and Uitenhage .
South African Railways
When the Union of South Africa was established on 31 May 1910 , the three Colonial government railways ( CGR , Natal Government Railways and Central South African Railways ) were united under a single administration to control and administer the railways , ports and harbours of the Union . Although the South African Railways and Harbours came into existence in 1910 , the actual classification and renumbering of all the rolling stock of the three constituent railways was only implemented with effect from 1 January 1912 .
All 24 locomotives survived to be taken onto the SAR roster in 1912 . Since they were considered obsolete by then , they were designated Class 03 and renumbered by having the numeral `` 0 '' prefixed to their existing numbers . In SAR service , they continued to work on the Uitenhage line on the Midland System and on shunting and light duties on the Western System . Some of them survived until 1923 .
Work numbers
The works number , original numbers and renumbering of the Cape 3rd Class of 1889 are listed in the table .
Illustration
The main picture shows no . 114 near Bulawayo in Southern Rhodesia , c. 1900 , working on the line from the Cape of Good Hope through the Bechuanaland Protectorate .
References
0280
0280
4-4-0 locomotives
2′B n2 locomotives
Dübs locomotives
Cape gauge railway locomotives
Railway locomotives introduced in 1889
1889 in South Africa
Scrapped locomotives
The Battle of Seven Oaks was a violent confrontation in the Pemmican War between the Hudson 's Bay Company ( HBC ) and the North West Company ( NWC ) , rivals in the fur trade , that took place on 19 June 1816 , the climax of a long dispute in western Canada . The Métis people fought for the North West Company , and they called it `` the Victory of Frog Plain '' ( la Victoire de la Grenouillère ) .
Background
Miles MacDonell was the governor of the Red River Colony in 1814 , the area around Winnipeg , Manitoba . He issued the Pemmican Proclamation which prohibited export of pemmican from the colony for the next year . It was meant to guarantee adequate supplies for the Hudson 's Bay Colony , but the North West Company viewed it as a ploy by the Earl of Selkirk to monopolize the commodity , which was important to the North West Company . The Métis did not acknowledge the authority of the Red River Settlement , and the Pemmican Proclamation was a blow to both the Métis and North West Company . The North West Company accused the HBC of unfairly monopolizing the fur trade .
MacDonnell resigned as governor of the Red River Colony in 1815 , after several conflicts and suffering from `` severe emotional instability . '' He was replaced by Robert Semple , an American businessman with no previous experience in the fur trade .
Battle
Cuthbert Grant led a group of North West Company employees in 1816 to seize a supply of pemmican from the Hudson 's Bay Company that had been stolen from the Métis .
Grant 's group encountered Semple and a group of HBC men and settlers north of Fort Douglas along the Red River at a location known as Seven Oaks , which the Métis called la Grenouillière ( Frog Plain ) . The North West Company sent François-Firmin Boucher to speak to Semple 's men . He and Semple argued , and a gunfight ensued when the settlers tried to arrest Boucher and seize his horse . Early reports said that the Métis fired the first shot and began the fray , but Royal Commissioner William Bachelor Coltman determined with `` next to certainty '' that it was one of Semple 's men who fired first . The Métis were skilled sharpshooters and outnumbered Semple 's forces by nearly 3 to 1 . The Metis killed 21 men , including Governor Semple , while suffering only one fatality .
Aftermath
The settlers were demoralized from the losses , so they gathered their belongings the day after the battle and sailed north , leaving the Métis in command of the settlement . Royal Commissioner W. B. Coltman investigated the incident , and he exonerated the Métis . Lord Selkirk attempted to prosecute several members of the North West Company for murder and kept Boucher in prison for nearly two years without specific charges . All trials ended in acquittals , and the remaining charges were dropped . Members of the North West Company counter-sued Selkirk , whose health and influence subsequently declined . Selkirk died in 1820 , and the two companies merged in 1821 . The Hudson 's Bay Company gave Cuthbert Grant an annual salary in 1828 and the position of `` warden of the plains of Red River '' .
The Manitoba Historical Society erected an obelisk monument in 1891 commemorating the battle at the intersection of Main Street and Rupertsland Boulevard in the Winnipeg district of West Kildonan , the approximate centre of the battle site . The site was designated a National Historic Site of Canada in 1920 . Parks Canada installed new interpretive signs as part of their reconciliation with the Métis , and the Seven Oaks Park was re-landscaped . The site was officially reopened on 19 June 2016 to mark the 200th anniversary of the battle .
References
Further reading
Dick , Lyle . `` The Seven Oaks Incident and the Construction of a Historical Tradition , 1816 to 1970 . '' Journal of the Canadian Historical Association/Revue de la Société historique du Canada 2.1 ( 1991 ) : 91-113. online
External links
Conflicts in 1816
Battles involving Canada
Conflicts in Canada
Military history of Manitoba
North West Company
Hudson 's Bay Company
Battles involving the Métis
Economic warfare
1816 in Canada
June 1816 events
Pemmican War
Indigenous conflicts in Canada
JTV is the third studio album by Hong Kong singer Justin Lo . It was released on November 16 , 2007 and sold 20,000 copies in the first two days .
Track listing
`` WA-KA-BAM ( Intro ) ''
`` 紅地氈 ''
`` 一句 ''
`` 男人KTV ''
`` 遲鈍 ''
`` 貝殼 ''
`` 兩個女人 ''
`` Morning After ''
`` 難關 ''
`` 卡通歌 ''
`` 頭條新聞 ''
`` Stuck On U ''
`` 路人甲 ( 國語 ) ''
`` c u in my dream ( Outro ) ''
External links
Album 's information on moov.hk ( in Chinese )
Justin Lo albums
2007 albums
Lancelot `` Lance '' Hunter is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics . He first appeared in Captain Britain Weekly # 19 ( February 16 , 1977 ) and was created by writer Gary Friedrich and artist Herb Trimpe .
Hunter is a Royal Navy Commander who became Director of S.T.R.I.K.E . before later gaining the rank of Commodore and becoming Joint Intelligence Committee Chair .
The character made his live-action debut in the Marvel Cinematic Universe television series Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. , portrayed by Nick Blood .
Publication history
Created by Gary Friedrich , and first penciled by Herb Trimpe , Hunter made his debut in Captain Britain Weekly # 19 on February 16 , 1977 . He was the UK , and S.T.R.I.K.E. , counterpart to Marvel 's Nick Fury , Agent of S.H.I.E.L.D . Hunter continued to appear within the pages of Captain Britain Weekly throughout the rest of 1977 but would not appear on panel again until 30 years later in the Civil War : Battle Damage Report one-shot in 2007 .
Fictional character biography
After Tod Radcliffe , a Special Tactical Reserve for International Key Emergencies traitor secretly working for the Red Skull , was exposed , Commander Lance Hunter introduced himself as the Director of S.T.R.I.K.E . to Nick Fury . The agents of S.T.R.I.K.E . and S.H.I.E.L.D . worked together to track down the Red Skull 's Nazi activities . It was then revealed that Red Skull had kidnapped the British Prime Minister , James Callaghan and had set a germ bomb over London to be detonated at midnight . Hunter , aided by Fury and the pair 's respective superheroes , Captain Britain and Captain America , stopped the bomb which had been placed on the minute hand of Big Ben and thwarted the Red Skull 's plans .
Hunter aided Captain Britain in the capture of villain Lord Hawk , and took the injured hero to S.T.R.I.K.E . headquarters to recover . However , while there Captain Britain 's spirit was summoned away by Merlin where he did battle with a monstrous giant . Injuries suffered in this spirit realm transferred to the Captain 's real body . Hunter ordered the doctors to keep working to save the stricken hero . When Hunter finally admitted defeat at the bedside of Captain Britain 's lifeless body , the Captain returned to the real world and left the base .
Sometime after S.T.R.I.K.E . was dissolved , Hunter gained the rank of commodore and was seen alongside Contessa Valentina Allegro de Fontaine , and Alistaire Stuart briefing British superhumans on the details of the British Superhuman Registration Act . Following the Skrull invasion of Earth , and the revelation that the then-Joint Intelligence Committee chair person was in fact a Skrull impostor , Hunter was made the new JIC Chair .
Hunter agreed to let S.H.I.E.L.D . European Division take charge of the cleanup when Mys-Tech was defeated , as MI-13 did n't have the resources . He approved keeping MI-13 out of the loop entirely , which infuriated Pete Wisdom when he found out .
Hunter the appears as a supporting character in the 2016 Mockingbird series . He is reintroduced as a much younger man and given a romantic connection to Mockingbird , echoing the character 's live-action adaptation in Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D ..
Powers and abilities
Lance Hunter has years of Naval training , with an expertise in munitions , well as experience in espionage from working for British Intelligence .
Other versions
In Earth-22110 , Lance Hunter is Rifleman . He is a Captain Britain Corps member .
In other media
Lance Hunter appears as a regular character in the second season of the Marvel Cinematic Universe TV series Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. , portrayed by Nick Blood . He debuted in the season two premiere `` Shadows '' as a decorated member of the SAS turned freelance mercenary working for Phil Coulson 's reconstituted S.H.I.E.L.D . in a team under the leadership of his old acquaintance , Isabelle Hartley . In the following episode , `` Heavy is the Head '' , Coulson formally recruits him as a S.H.I.E.L.D . agent . In the episode `` A Hen in the Wolf House '' , Hunter 's ex-wife Bobbi Morse joins the team , causing tension between the two before they eventually reconcile . In season three , Hunter and Morse are forced to leave S.H.I.E.L.D . after they are caught by Russian forces in Siberia and almost cause an international incident . He returns in the fifth season episode `` Rewind '' to get Leo Fitz out of military custody and help him reunite him with his team after they are sent to the future .
Late into Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D . season two , it was reported that Blood would appear in a spin-off series as Hunter along with Adrianne Palicki as Bobbi Morse . However , the development of the spin-off series was put on hold indefinitely , which meant that Hunter and Morse remained series regulars for season 3 . Variety announced that the series had been ordered by the network under the title Marvel 's Most Wanted , but on May 12 , 2016 , ABC announced that the show would not be produced .
References
External links
Characters created by Gary Friedrich
Characters created by Herb Trimpe
Comics characters introduced in 1977
Fictional SIS agents
Fictional commanders
Fictional Royal Navy personnel
Fictional Special Air Service personnel
Fictional mercenaries in comics
Marvel Comics television characters
Marvel UK characters
S.H.I.E.L.D . agents
Óscar Mauricio Álvarez Paniagua ( born December 9 , 1977 in Antioquia ) is a Colombian former professional road cyclist .
Major results
2002
2nd Road race , Central American and Caribbean Games
2003
1st Stage 1 Vuelta al Tolima
1st Stage 10 Vuelta a Colombia
2nd Overall Vuelta a las Americas
2004
1st Overall Clásica Nacional Marco Fidel Suárez
3rd Overall Vuelta a El Salvador
1st Stages 1 & 2
2006
1st Stage 7 Vuelta a Chiriquí
2009
1st Road race , National Road Championships
1st Stage 4 Clásica Ciudad de Girardot
5th Overall Vuelta a los Santanderes
2011
1st Stage 2a ( TTT ) Vuelta a Colombia
2014
1st Stage 1b Vuelta a Guatemala
External links
1977 births
Living people
Colombian male cyclists
Vuelta a Colombia stage winners
Sportspeople from Antioquia Department
Central American and Caribbean Games silver medalists for Colombia
Competitors at the 2002 Central American and Caribbean Games
Central American and Caribbean Games medalists in cycling
20th-century Colombian people
21st-century Colombian people
Motoyuki Negoro ( June 14 , 1875 – April 18 , 1939 ) was a journalist and strike leader in Hawaii .
Early life
Negoro was born in 1875 in Wakayama Prefecture , Japan . After attending school for a couple years in his hometown , he decided to go to America and study law . He earned a law degree from the University of California , Berkeley in 1903 , one of the first awarded by the school .
Hawaii
After graduation , Negoro moved to Hawaii , where he wrote for the Hawai Shimpo . Though he had a law degree , he was not allowed to practice because he was a resident alien , not a citizen . Instead , he was a clerk and interpreter at the Atkinson and Quarles law firm .
In 1908 , Negoro , Yokichi Tasaka , Yasutaro Soga , and Fred Kinzaburo Makino , formed the Higher Wage Association ( Zokyu Kisei Kai ) , and protested the low wages that Japanese plantation workers were paid . During the same year , Negoro began writing for the Nippu Jiji , which was published by Soga . He wrote articles that fanned the flames of the 1909 Sugar Strike , and established himself as one of the leaders . Negoro , Soga , and Makino were arrested during the strike and sentenced to ten months in jail and a $ 300 fine . They were pardoned and released after four months , on July 4 , 1910 .
After the strike broke , Negoro returned to Japan and worked in Makino 's brother 's trading company . In November 1914 , Negoro came back to Hawaii and began writing for the Hawaii Hochi , Makino 's newspaper and Nippu Jiji 's competitor . In 1917 , he returned to Japan for good . He died in Tokyo on April 18 , 1939 .
Selected bibliography
References
1875 births
1939 deaths
Japanese journalists
Japanese activists
UC Berkeley School of Law alumni
People from Wakayama Prefecture
Parerythrobacter is a genus of Gram-negative bacteria .
References
Sphingomonadales
Bang Muang ( , ) is one of the six subdistricts ( tambon ) of Bang Yai District , in Nonthaburi Province , Thailand . Neighbouring subdistricts are ( from north clockwise ) Bang Mae Nang , Sao Thong Hin , Bang Len , Bang Khu Wiang , Plai Bang , Sala Klang and Bang Yai . In 2020 it had a total population of 19,518 people .
Administration
Central administration
The subdistrict is subdivided into 15 administrative villages ( muban ) .
Local administration
The area of the subdistrict is shared by two local administrative organizations .
Bang Muang Subdistrict Municipality ( )
Ban Bang Muang Subdistrict Municipality ( )
References
External links
Website of Bang Muang Subdistrict Municipality
Website of Ban Bang Muang Subdistrict Municipality
Tambon of Nonthaburi province
Populated places in Nonthaburi province
Torbjørn Rocks ( ) is a group of rocks lying in the mouth of Lunde Glacier in the Mühlig-Hofmann Mountains of Queen Maud Land . They were plotted from surveys and air photos by the Norwegian Antarctic Expedition ( 1956–60 ) and named for Torbjørn Lunde , the glaciologist with the expedition .
References
Rock formations of Queen Maud Land
Princess Astrid Coast
The Beth El Synagogue in Christchurch , New Zealand , was located at 78 Gloucester Street . Two synagogues stood on the site , first a wooden one from 1864 and then a stone building from 1881 until its demolition in 1987 .
First synagogue
A meeting of Jewish residents on 10 January 1864 held at the offices of Louis Edward Nathan , and chaired by Nathan , decided to form a congregation and to erect a synagogue . NZ£300 towards the cost of the building were subscribed during the meeting . By mid-year , the site at 78 Gloucester Street had been purchased . The architect , Benjamin Mountfort , called for tenders by 15 June 1864 . It took until mid-August for the congregation to take possession of the land . Tenders for the fitout were called by Mountfort a week later . The congregation first used the building on 1 October 1864 to coincide with Rosh Hashanah , the Jewish New Year , for the year 5265 . The building had cost NZ£500 but was not fully furnished ; chairs were used for some time but seats had been installed before the end of 1864 . By March 1865 , the congregation had collected NZ£706 in donations .
At the annual general meeting in September 1876 , the issue of possibly building a new synagogue was formally discussed . It was decided to task a committee with progressing the issue . By February 1878 , fundraising started to be organised . At a general meeting in May 1880 , there was disquiet that the building proposal and fundraising effort had been allowed to linger . In November 1880 , the architect Thomas Stoddart Lambert called for tenders for a new synagogue . The work was awarded to William Prudhoe . In mid-December , it was announced that an adjoining piece of land had been bought fronting onto Cambridge Terrace . The existing synagogue was to be relocated to this land so that worship wo n't get interrupted , a new synagogue built on the existing land , and once that was finished , the first synagogue was to be converted to a school .
Second synagogue
The foundation stone for the new synagogue was laid on 8 February 1881 . Six weeks later , The Star reported on good building progress and the reporter remarked that `` already some idea can be formed of the striking character of its architecture . '' In early April , the Lyttelton Times reported that the facade was nearly finished . In early April , the masonry was nearly finished . In July , the architect invited tenders for the interior fitout and furniture . By the end of July , The Star reported on the interior fitout progress and that the building would be finished within a few more weeks . The consecration took place on 3 November 1881 in front of a large crowd ; the event was by invitation only . The consecration was carried out by Rev Isaac Zachariah with the Wellington rabbi , Herman van Staveren , as assistant , in the presence of the bishops of Wellington and Nelson , Octavius Hadfield and Andrew Suter .
References
Religious buildings and structures in Christchurch
Christchurch Central City
Synagogues in New Zealand
1864 establishments in New Zealand
1987 disestablishments in New Zealand
Dennis Looze ( born 30 July 1972 in Zaandam ) is an athlete from the Netherlands , who competes in triathlon . He is married to Tracy Looze .
Looze competed at the first Olympic triathlon at the 2000 Summer Olympics . He took forty-eighth place with a total time of 2:00:23.80 . He was the last to finish , though still ranked higher than the four competitors who did not complete the course .
References
sports-reference
1972 births
Living people
Dutch male triathletes
Duathletes
Triathletes at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Olympic triathletes of the Netherlands
Sportspeople from Zaanstad
20th-century Dutch people
21st-century Dutch people
The Energy Employees Occupational Illness Compensation Program Act ( EEOICPA ) was passed by Congress in 2000 and is designed to compensate individuals who worked in nuclear weapons production and as a result of occupational exposures contracted certain illnesses . EEOICPA was signed into law by President Bill Clinton on October 30 , 2000 .
Executive Order 13179
Executive Order 13179 states the following :
Program administration
The program is administered by four Federal agencies , and the Department of Labor ( DOL ) has the primary responsibility for administering the compensation program .
EEOICPA , as amended , has four sections :
Part A establishes the compensation program .
Part B covers individuals , or certain survivors of individuals , who worked at a covered facility and have developed beryllium sensitivity , chronic beryllium disease , chronic silicosis , or a radiogenic cancer . Compensation under Part B is a lump sum payment of $ 150,000 , except for eligible individuals who already received payment under Section 5 of the Radiation Exposure Compensation Act ( RECA ) . RECA individuals will only receive a lump sum payment of $ 50,000 . In addition to the lump sum payment , compensation includes medical benefits from the date an individual files a claim .
Part C contains a number of provisions relating to the administration of EEOICPA and its relationship to other Federal and State laws .
Part D was repealed on October 28 , 2004 and replaced with Part E , which is for certain individuals , or certain survivors of individuals , who worked at a Department of Energy facility or a uranium mine or mill and developed any illness that resulted from work-related exposure to toxins . Compensation under Part E is variable up to $ 250,000 based on wage loss , impairment , and survivorship .
Facilities that are covered under the Act are determined by DOL and the Department of Energy ( DOE ) .
Radiation dose reconstruction
For claims filed under Part B for cancers that may have been caused by occupational radiation exposure , DOL sends the claim to the National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health ( NIOSH ) Division of Compensation Analysis and Support for a radiation dose reconstruction . NIOSH requests the energy employee 's individual exposure records from DOE and interviews the claimant or survivors to obtain information to use in the dose reconstruction . NIOSH also collects all relevant data regarding the individual 's work site , if available , to complete the dose reconstruction . Once the dose reconstruction is complete , NIOSH sends the dose reconstruction back to DOL and DOL makes compensation decisions .
All other Part B claims and all Part E claims remain at DOL for review and compensation determinations .
Implementation
In July 2001 , nine Energy Employee Compensation Resource Centers were opened as a joint initiative of Departments of Labor and Energy . They were staffed and resourced to assist workers and their families with the lodgement of claims . The Department of Energy was to provide exposure data and work documentation . There are currently eleven Resource Centers .
Status of claims
As of 15 September 2019 , EEOICP has provided $ 16,910,292,048 in compensation and medical bill payments to sick workers and their families .
See also
David Michaels ( epidemiologist )
Nuclear labor issues
Radiation Exposure Compensation Act
Compensation scheme for radiation-linked diseases ( United Kingdom )
References
Occupational safety and health
National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health
Nuclear history of the United States
Nuclear weapons of the United States
United States Department of Energy
United States Department of Labor
The Boston mayoral election of 1963 occurred on Tuesday , November 5 , 1963 , between Mayor of Boston John F. Collins and Boston City Council member Gabriel Piemonte . Collins was elected to his second term .
The nonpartisan municipal preliminary election was held on September 24 , 1963 .
Candidates
John F. Collins , Mayor of Boston since 1960 . Member of the Boston City Council from 1956 to 1957 , member of the Massachusetts Senate from 1951 to 1955 .
Gabriel Piemonte , member of the Boston City Council from 1952 to 1959 and since 1962 .
Candidates eliminated in preliminary
Julius Ansel , member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives since 1959 and from 1953 to 1955 . Member of the Boston City Council from 1948 to 1951 .
William P. Foley , Boston environmental health inspector
Patrick F. McDonough , member of the Boston City Council since 1956 .
Results
See also
List of mayors of Boston , Massachusetts
References
Boston mayoral
Boston
Mayoral elections in Boston
Non-partisan elections
1960s in Boston
`` Christmas Time ( Is Here Again ) '' is a Christmas song by the English rock band the Beatles , originally recorded for their fifth fan club Christmas record , Christmas Time Is Here Again ! ( 1967 ) . One of the few Beatles songs credited to all four members of the band , it consists of a blues based backing track as well as double-tracked vocals sung by them , George Martin and Victor Spinetti . The lyrics are mostly made up of the song 's title refrain , repeated across nine verses .
Following its December 1967 release , `` Christmas Time ( Is Here Again ) '' remained officially unavailable for decades . A planned release in 1984 faltered after the abandonment of the Beatles ' then-upcoming album Sessions . Apple released a shortened version of the song in December 1995 as the B-side to the song `` Free as a Bird '' . The 1967 version was re-issued on The Christmas Records , a 2017 limited-edition box set of the band 's original Christmas records .
Background and composition
The Beatles began recording Christmas records in 1963 , which were distributed in December free-of-charge to members of their Official Fan Club . Earlier records include spoken messages to their fans , while later years incorporate skits and music . Described by Jordan Runtagh of Rolling Stone as `` the apex of their Christmas recordings '' , the Beatles ' 1967 Christmas record , Christmas Time Is Here Again ! , was their most extensive holiday message to date , with the band preparing a script ahead of time . Serving as an homage to radio and television programmes , its central narrative is based around a fictional group named the Ravellers , auditioning for a BBC radio show . The skits include tap dancing , a fictitious advertisement , and the group playing piano and singing about `` Plenty of Jam Jars '' , among others . The recording concludes with each Beatle , as well as producer George Martin , offering season 's greetings to their fans , followed by a poem from John Lennon titled `` When Christmas Time is Over '' . Beatles writer John C. Winn describes it as a Scottish Yuletide poem , while Kenneth Womack calls the work a `` Joycean ... nonsensical poem '' .
In addition to the script , the band wrote a Christmas song , `` Christmas Time ( Is Here Again ) '' . The song is one of the Beatles ' few releases credited to all four members , just as their earlier 1967 instrumental `` Flying '' had been . Played in the key of D major , the song 's structure is blues-based , repeating nine identical verses followed by an instrumental verse . Womack writes that the song 's `` comic spirit '' is similar to the Beatles ' `` You Know My Name ( Look Up the Number ) '' – most of which had been recorded over the summer of 1967 – and was likely inspired by the Bonzo Dog Doo-Dah Band of BBC Radio 1 . Author Steve Turner opines that the song illustrates the band 's interest in children 's songs that began with their 1966 track `` Yellow Submarine '' and reflects a combination of their nostalgia for 1940s Liverpool and the childlike tendencies of psychedelic music . Runtagh states that the song `` is little more than a holiday mantra , but the Beatles sell it through their full-throated commitment and a clever arrangement reminiscent of their new single , 'Hello , Goodbye .
Recording
The Beatles recorded Christmas Time Is Here Again ! on 28 November 1967 in Studio Three of EMI Recording Studios . Running from 6:00 pm to 2:45 am , Martin produced the session , assisted by balance engineer Geoff Emerick . Having last been in the studio two weeks earlier to finish the final recording for their new EP Magical Mystery Tour , it was the band 's first Christmas record not made amidst another project . Actor Victor Spinetti was present at the session , helping Lennon prepare tapes for The Lennon Play : In His Own Write , a stage adaptation of the band member 's books , In His Own Write ( 1964 ) and A Spaniard in the Works ( 1965 ) . The band invited Spinetti to participate in the record 's recording ; he performed in the skits and sung on the song . Recorded in a single take , the basic recording features Ringo Starr on drums , George Harrison on a Gibson J-160E acoustic guitar , Lennon on timpani and Paul McCartney on piano . The Beatles , along with Martin and Spinetti , then overdubbed manually double-tracked vocals onto the original take .
Martin , again assisted by Emerick , returned to EMI the day after the session to mix its recordings . From 2:30 to 5:30 pm , they edited several mono remixes of the record , with the total number of remixes unknown . Edited together with the Beatles ' skits , the finished version runs 6:08 . Martin and Emerick copied their finished master version to tape , then sent it to Lyntone Records for pressing .
Release
Released on 15 December 1967 , the Christmas record 's title , Christmas Time Is Here Again ! , is a slight variation on the song 's title . As with previous Beatles Christmas records , the seven-inch disc was only released to British fans , with Americans instead receiving a postcard . The complete take of the song has never been officially released . On 23 April 1976 , a full version running 6:42 was mixed for mono . The mix was originally only played to executives at EMI Records but first appeared on a bootleg in 1983 and has continued to circulate on CD . Emerick remixed the song again in 1984 for the Beatles ' abandoned Sessions album . He mixed the song for stereo , editing it down to 1:08 and cross-fading into a medley with `` Ob-La-Di , Ob-La-Da '' . The song was expected to appear as the B-side of the album 's single , `` Leave My Kitten Alone '' , originally planned for a release around Christmas 1984 . Never officially released , the two versions of the song began circulating as bootlegs in 1985 and 1986 , respectively .
Apple officially released the song as the fourth track of the `` Free as a Bird '' CD single in the UK and US on 4 and 12 December 1995 , respectively . Womack writes that Martin remixed the song for this release , while Winn says it is the same stereo mix made for Sessions , but edited down to the first 2:19 . Lewisohn 's liner notes credit Martin as producer and Emerick as `` Engineer/Remix Engineer '' . After the song fades out the recording incorporates speech from the 1966 fan club disc , Pantomime : Everywhere It 's Christmas , recorded on 6 December 1966 , as well as Lennon 's poem from the 1967 recording . As the B-side , the song did not chart in either the US or UK . On 15 December 2017 , the original Christmas records were re-issued on a limited-edition box set , The Christmas Records .
Personnel
According to Ian MacDonald , except where noted :
The Beatles
John Lennon double-tracked vocal , timpani
Paul McCartney double-tracked vocal , piano
George Harrison double-tracked vocal , acoustic guitar
Ringo Starr double-tracked vocal , drums
Additional musicians
George Martin double-tracked vocal
Victor Spinetti double-tracked vocal
Notes
References
Citations
Sources
1967 songs
The Beatles songs
British Christmas songs
Songs written by Ringo Starr
Songs written by George Harrison
Songs written by John Lennon
Songs written by Paul McCartney
Song recordings produced by George Martin
Music published by Startling Music
Apple Records singles
1995 singles
This is a chronological summary of the major events of the 2020 Summer Olympics in Tokyo , Japan , which was postponed to 2021 due to the COVID-19 pandemic . The first matches in the group stages of the football and softball events was held on 21 July . The opening ceremony was scheduled two days later on 23 July . The last day of competition and the closing ceremony was on 8 August . However , the Games was referred to by its original date in all scheduled events in order to avoid confusion in future years . With the area under a state of emergency because of the pandemic , the Games were held largely behind closed doors with no spectators permitted .
The games featured 339 events in 33 different sports , encompassing a total of 50 disciplines . The 2020 Games saw the introduction of new competitions including 3x3 basketball , freestyle BMX , and madison cycling , in the latter case for women ( the men 's version was held between 2000 and 2008 before returning in these games ) , as well as further mixed events . These Games also saw karate , sport climbing , surfing , and skateboarding make their Olympic debuts , as well as the return of baseball and softball for the first time since 2008 .
About 206 teams were expected to participate . This was the first Olympics since the June 2018 signing of the Prespa agreement between Greece and the Republic of Macedonia over the `` Macedonia '' naming dispute , resulting in the latter officially being renamed North Macedonia . This was also the second consecutive Summer Olympics that selected independent Olympic participants compete under the Olympic Flag as part of the `` Refugee Olympic Team '' . As a result of the 2020 ruling by the Court of Arbitration for Sport on the Russian doping scandal , Russian athletes competed under the acronym `` ROC '' after the name of the Russian Olympic Committee , and under the flag of the Russian Olympic Committee .
Calendar
Medal table
Day-by-day summaries
Day ( -2 ) — Wednesday 21 July
Football
The first matches in the group stage of the women 's tournament were played .
Softball
Group stage begins .
Day ( -1 ) — Thursday 22 July
Football
The first matches in the group stage of the Men 's tournament were played .
Softball
Second day of the group stages .
Day 0 — Friday 23 July
Archery
The ranking round in both the men 's individual competition and the women 's individual competition took place .
Rowing
The heats in the men 's single sculls , women 's single sculls , men 's double sculls , women 's double sculls , men 's quadruple sculls and women 's quadruple sculls took place .
Opening ceremony
The opening ceremony was held at Japan National Stadium at 20:00 JST ( UTC+9 ) .
Day 1 — Saturday 24 July
Day 2 — Sunday 25 July
Day 3 — Monday 26 July
Day 4 — Tuesday 27 July
* Simone Biles withdrew from the finals .
Day 5 — Wednesday 28 July
Day 6 — Thursday 29 July
Day 7 — Friday 30 July
Day 8 — Saturday 31 July
Day 9 — Sunday 1 August
Day 10 — Monday 2 August
Day 11 — Tuesday 3 August
Day 12 — Wednesday 4 August
Day 13 — Thursday 5 August
Day 14 — Friday 6 August
Day 15 — Saturday 7 August
Day 16 — Sunday 8 August
Closing ceremony
At Japan National Stadium . It included the traditional Olympic flag handover to Paris , France , the host city of the next Summer Olympics in 2024 .
Notes
References
External links
Tokyo 2020
2020 Summer Olympics
2020
Thorniewood is one of the twenty-one wards used to elect members of the North Lanarkshire Council . It elects three councillors and covers the Viewpark , Tannochside and Birkenshaw areas . Its south-west boundary is the M74 motorway bordering the Bothwell and Uddingston ward of South Lanarkshire ( the localities of Thorniewood were often historically considered parts of Uddingston , particularly before the two parts were divided between the districts of Hamilton and Motherwell in 1975 ) .
A 2017 national review caused the territory to be reduced , the east boundary moving westwards from the A725 bypass resulting in the loss of the Fallside neighbourhood and the unpopulated Righead Industrial Estate ; however , housebuilding elsewhere meant the decrease in the electorate was minimal . The ward had a population of 13,950 in 2019 .
Councillors
Election Results
2017 Election
2019 By-election
On 1 Jul 2019 , Labour councillor Hugh Gaffney resigned his seat after he was elected as MP for Coatbridge , Chryston and Bellshill at the 2017 UK Parliament Election . A by-election was held on 19 September 2019 and the seat was retained by Labour by Norah Moody .
2021 By-election
SNP councillor Steven Bonnar was elected as MP for Coatbridge , Chryston and Bellshill at the 2019 UK Parliament Election . He resigned his Council seat and the by-election was set for May but was deferred until 19 November 2020 . It was won by Helen Loughran for Labour .
2012 Election
2015 By-election
SNP Cllr Duncan McShannon resigned his seat in May 2015 . A by-election was held on 9 July 2015 and the seat was held by the party 's Stephen Bonnar .
2007 Election
References
Wards of North Lanarkshire
Tursunzoda District ( Tajik : Турсунзода , Russian spelling : Tursunzade ) is the westernmost district of the Districts of Republican Subordination ( RRP ) , bordering on Uzbekistan in the west and enclosed by Tajikistan 's Shahrinav District from the other directions . Its capital is Tursunzoda , called Regar , or `` a town on sand '' , until 1978 . Thanks to its warm weather and plentiful irrigation from the local rivers ( Shirkent , Karatag , Kofarnihon ) , Tursunzoda District is a major grower of rice and cotton in Tajikistan . In 2006 it produced 1,400 tons of rice ( 13 % of Tajikistan 's rice harvest ) and 7,300 tons of cotton ( 3 % of Tajikistan 's cotton harvest ) . It ranks first in the production of these commodities among the districts in RRP . Around 2018 , the district was merged into the city of Tursunzoda .
Administrative divisions
The district was divided administratively into jamoats . They were as follows ( and population ) .
References
Former districts of Tajikistan
Districts of Republican Subordination
Edward Stowe Hamlin ( July 6 , 1808 – November 23 , 1894 ) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio .
Life and career
Born in Hillsdale , New York , Hamlin attended the district school of Hillsdale , New York , and a private school in Stockbridge , Massachusetts . He pursued an academic course in Hudson , New York . He subsequently studied law and was admitted to the bar in 1831 and commenced practice in Elyria , Ohio . He served as prosecuting attorney of Lorain County from 1833-1835 .
Hamlin was elected as a Whig to the Twenty-eighth Congress to fill the vacancy caused by the death of Henry R. Brinkerhoff and served from October 8 , 1844 , to March 3 , 1845 . He was not a candidate for renomination in 1844 .
He then moved to Cleveland , Ohio , in 1844 and engaged in the newspaper business , establishing the True Democrat ( now The Plain Dealer ) in 1846 . He served as member of the Free Soil Convention at Buffalo in 1848 . He served as president of the board of public works 1849-1852 .
He moved to Cincinnati , Ohio , in 1856 , and was the attorney for the Cincinnati , Indianapolis & Lafayette Railroad for many years .
He moved to Williamsburg , Virginia , in 1884 to supervise his extensive land holdings at Newport News .
He died in Washington , D.C. , November 23 , 1894 and was interred in Cedar Grove Cemetery in Williamsburg .
References
1808 births
1894 deaths
People from Elyria , Ohio
Politicians from Cleveland
Politicians from Williamsburg , Virginia
Ohio Free Soilers
County district attorneys in Ohio
19th-century American newspaper publishers ( people )
Editors of Ohio newspapers
Whig Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
19th-century American journalists
American male journalists
19th-century male writers
19th-century American politicians
Journalists from Virginia
Journalists from Ohio
Membrillo is a barrio in the municipality of Camuy , Puerto Rico . Its population in 2010 was 3,459 .
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States . In 1899 , the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the population of Membrillo barrio was 769 .
Sectors
Barrios ( which are roughly comparable to minor civil divisions ) in turn are further subdivided into smaller local populated place areas/units called sectores ( sectors in English ) . The types of sectores may vary , from normally sector to urbanización to reparto to barriada to residencial , among others .
Gallery
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
References
External links
Barrios of Camuy , Puerto Rico
Football League structure
The table below shows a combination of the National League and Top Amateur football leagues which follow FIFA law of the game according to the level of play .
Current System
National Leagues
Singapore Premier League
The Singapore Premier League , formerly known as the S.League is a professional football league organised by Football Association of Singapore . The league was formed in 1996 , replacing the semi-professional FAS Premier League and became the nation top-tier league . The League is played by 9 professional football clubs based in Singapore whereby there are 3 rounds for each club to play against each other . Hence every club in the league will play a total of 24 games upon the completion of each season . Hence this will be a total of 108 matches and the season last from March to October . However it was postponed after starting a few matches in 2020 due to Coronavirus cases in Singapore . The origin of the SPL can be traced back to 1921 whereby a representative club of Singapore , known as the Singapore Lions took part in the Malaysia Cup and winning the title for 24 times . Eventually the FAS and the FAM went into a dispute which eventually lead the lions from withdrawing from an FAM sanctioned tournament . This then slowly lead to the formation of FAS premier league and eventually the S.League , now known as the Singapore Premier League . When the S.League was formed , there were 8 clubs which took part in the inaugural season . Geylang United won the first ever S.League title upon defeating the SAFFC in a stadium filled up 30,000 crowds which remains a record breaking number of attendance to this day .
Singapore Football League
The Singapore Football League ( SFL ) , Formerly known as the National Football League is a top amateur football tournament founded in 1975 . The league is contested by football clubs that are affiliated with the Football Association of Singapore . The SFL consists of 2 divisions , Division 1 and Division 2 with relegation and promotion apply between these divisions . The SFL , then known as the NFL used to consist of 3 divisions until 2014 when the NFL Division 3 was folded . The SFL Division 1 was a top-tier football league in Singapore since its inception in 1975 , succeeding the Singapore Amateur Football Association 1st Division football league . The SFL Division 1 continues to be top domestic league of the nation until the introduction of the semi-professional tournament , FAS Premier League in 1988 which eventually folded in 1996 upon the introduction of the professional S.League , now known as the SPL . The domestic cup competition for the SFL clubs is the Singapore FA Cupwhereby the clubs compete with the IWL clubs in a knock-out format competition . The SFL also served as a path for amateur and semi professional football to get into a professional path and at the same time for professional player from S.League to continue playing football at a highly competitive level upon their professional contract expiration from the SPL .
Division 1
Division 2
Division 3
Singapore Island Wide League
The Singapore Island Wide League , IWL is a qualification tournament for clubs that are associated with the FAS to get into Singapore Football League , SFL the following year .
5-a-side/Futsal Leagues
There are currently no professional futsal leagues in Singapore . However over the years many private organisations have organised both amateur and social futsal tournament . The amateur five-a-side leagues in Singapore have their own separate oraganiers and they are not put together in a pyramid . Each league consists of at least one division . Futsal players who played in one of the leagues are eligible to participate in another league of different organisation as long as they are not full time Singapore Premier League players . Most of the amateur five-a-side leagues allowed Singapore Football League players to participate in their league , thus enhancing the league standard and quality of play . All the five-a-side leagues are based in one location and most of the league do not share the pitches . The current premier Amateur five-a-side leagues are organised by ESPZEN and D2D and they are the Sahara International Futsal League , Arena Futsal League and ESPZEN Futsal League . ESPZEN and D2D five-a-side leagues are currently the most systematic and well-organised with the highest quality of 5v5 play in Singapore and consist of mainly too amateur futsal clubs to social football teams.Some of the well known and successful 5-a-side football clubs and futsal clubs in Singapore are a Sunrise FC , Dorset Boys FC , ProFutsal Club and King Albert Park FC . As of March 2020 , there are no current specific Futsal league ongoing be it in professional or amateur level though there have been a National Futsal Tournament in the past .
COVID-19 pandemic
As the COVID-19 pandemic hit Singapore , the nation went through lockdown and several reopening phases . During the phase 3 of the reopening process , a group of 8 people is allowed in each respective social gathering . Hence a 4v4 tournaments were permitted by the government for non-professional footballers . Several amateur football organization has started to organize the leagues and cups tournaments in a 4v4 format . The well-known and most competitive 4v4 tournaments whereby most of the Singapore National Football League and top amateur players ' involvement are D2D Arena 4v4 Futsal League and Total Pro Football Arena 4v4 League . The Total Pro Football organisation is also organising a 4v4 Premier League Division 1 and 2 that is set to commence in June with Price money and respective trophies and medals to be given for the winners and runners-up . The FAS is also planning to organise a tournament for the affiliated clubs ' players and coaches to participate in a 4v4 Singapore Football League whereby there will be no price money given to the winners of the respective tournament whereby there used to be price money winners in the past prior to the pandemic .
Beach Soccer
As of March 2020 , there are no beach soccer league ongoing however there have been an annual Beach Soccer competition known as Singapore Beach Soccer National Championship organised by Pro-am Beach Soccer . The latest edition was held on 2018 at Sentosa Island .
7-a-side Leagues
There are currently no professional 7-a-side football league in Singapore . However ESPZEN , a football organisation associated with Football Association of Singapore have organised a well structured 7-a-side midweek league that currently consists of 2 divisions and will be expanded to 3 divisions the next season after the COVID-19 cases . Many top 7-a-side players have taken part in the tournament and one of the well known player was Nagarajan suppiah of Senkang Rangers who played for Singapore national minifootball team in 2019 WMF World Cup . The top teams of the league since it began in 2018 are FC Singapore Pacific , Honey Badgers FC , Senkang Rangers and FC Dynamo Raptors . FC Dynamo Raptors currently also became the first team to win two consecutive seasons in Season 2 and Season 3 while Senkang Warriors became the first team to be a runner-up in two consecutive seasons in Season 1 and Season 2 . Nagarajan suppiah of Senkang Rangers hold the most record of goals Scored in season 1 with 49 goals and also a total number of goal scored from Season 1 to Season 2 with 92 goals . The league is expanding and ESPZEN is in discussion to have an affiliation with a 7-a-side global football organisation IFA7 that is affiliated with FIFA or another organisation FIF7 . The Stranger Soccer is another football organisation that is independent and not affiliated with the Football Association of Singapore that is currently running a 7-a-side football league started in September 2019 . The league now has 1 division and they are looking to expand the league in the near future .
References
External links
Football Association of Singapore
Football in Singapore
Oleksandra Kashuba ( , born 6 June 1996 ) is a Ukrainian competitor in synchronized swimming .
She won a gold medal at the 2014 European Aquatics Championships and 2016 European Aquatics Championships . At the 2017 World Aquatics Championships Kashuba won a silver medal in combination event and a bronze medal in team free routine .
References
Extermnal links
FINA profile
1996 births
Living people
Ukrainian synchronized swimmers
European Aquatics Championships medalists in synchronised swimming
European Championships ( multi-sport event ) silver medalists
Sportspeople from Donetsk
The Eurasian Boxing Parliament is a professional boxing organisation that sanctions bouts in various countries within Eurasia .
Affiliations
The Eurasian Boxing Parliament is affiliated with and a member organization of the International Boxing Federation ( IBF ) .
Belt
The EBP belt is created by using the latest computerized laser technology with an external 24-carat gold-layered coating .
Current champions
Former champions
Sergey Kovalev - former EBP ( Super ) light-heavyweight champion
Yury Kashinsky - former EBP cruiserweight champion
Umar Salamov - former EBP light-heavyweight champion
Maksim Vlasov - former EBP light-heavyweight champion
Aram Amirkhanyan - former EBP super-welterweight champion
Georgi Chelokhsaev - former EBP super-lightweight champion
Eduard Troyanovsky - former EBP super-lightweight champion
Mark Urvanov - former EBP super-featherweight champion
Members
Afghanistan
Albania
Armenia
Austria
Belarus
Belgium
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Croatia
Czech Republic
East Timor
Estonia
Georgia
Germany
India
Indonesia
Iran
Kazakhstan
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lithuania
Macedonia
Moldova
Mongolia
Netherlands
Pakistan
Philippines
Poland
Russia
Serbia
Slovenia
South Korea
Sri Lanka
Switzerland
Tajikistan
Thailand
Turkey
Uzbekistan
Vietnam
References
External links
Professional boxing organizations
International sports organizations
In sixteen years , Pope Pius XI ( ) created 76 cardinals in 17 consistories . Though he created 18 cardinals at a consistory in 1935 , he typically created very few cardinals at one time , holding small , frequent consistories , some of them less than six months apart . He held a consistory in 1929 to create just one cardinal , and created just two on eight occasions .
Of his appointments to the College of Cardinals , 43 were Italians . He appeared to strive to maintain an equilibrium between Italians and non-Italians and two of his consistories produced an equal division between the two groups , in March 1924 and December 1927 . Non-Italians formed a majority of the College for several months in 1925 and again from 1928 to 1933 . This balance reflected concerns about the independence of the Holy See and Italy during Benedict 's papacy , and their new relationship established with the Lateran Treaty in 1929 .
At its largest during his papacy , in December 1935 , the College had 68 members , two short of the maximum size of 70 set by Pope Sixtus V in 1586 . In 1927 he accepted a cardinal 's resignation , the only one to occur in the 20th century . The cardinals he created included one future pope , Pope Pius XII .
11 December 1922
Pius created eight cardinals at his first consistory , which six of them attended . Reig , Archbishop of Toledo , received his red hat from the King of Spain , and Locatelli , Papal Nuncio to Portugal , from the President of the Portuguese Republic . In the case of Reig y Casanova , a widower , Pius ignored the rule established in 1585 by Pope Sixtus V that no one who had been married could be made a cardinal . Father Ehrle , a Jesuit who had served as Vatican Archivist for several years , initially declined the honor , but relented after a private meeting with Pius .
23 May 1923
Pius added two Italian cardinals on 23 May 1923 .
20 December 1923
Pius created two Italian cardinals on 20 December 1923 , both longtime officials in the Roman Curia .
24 March 1924
Pius named a pair of American archbishops cardinals on 24 March 1924 . This brought the membership of the College of Cardinals to a total of 66 , 33 Italians and 33 non-Italians : seven French , seven German , four American , four Spanish , two English , two Polish , and one each of Belgian , Hungarian , Irish , Portuguese , Brazilian , Dutch , and Canadian .
30 March 1925
Pius named a pair of Spanish archbishops cardinals on 30 March 1925 . Both received their red birettas in Madrid from King Alfonso in a ceremony that included an address by the King in Latin .
The previous consistory had left the College with 33 Italians and 33 non-Italians . The deaths of the Irish Michael Logue on 19 November and the Italian Oreste Giorgi on 24 December maintained that balance . This consistory gave the non-Italians a majority of 34 to 32 .
14 December 1925
Pius named four cardinals on 14 December 1925 , three Italians ( two diplomats and a curia official ) , and an Irish archbishop . He made an exception to the 1917 Code of Canon Law that prohibited cardinals from being closely related to one another . The new cardinal Enrico Gasparri was the nephew of Cardinal Secretary of State Pietro Gasparri .
The previous consistory had left the non-Italians with a 34 to 32 majority that had fallen by one with the death of Canadian Louis-Nazaire Bégin on 18 July 1925 . This consistory restored the Italian majority once again .
21 June 1926
Pius named two new cardinals on 21 June 1926 , both Italian curia officials .
20 December 1926
On 6 December 1926 , Pius announced he would create two cardinals at a consistory on 20 December . Both were Italians , one the Bishop of Turin and the other a papal nuncio .
20 June 1927
On 2 May 1927 , Pius announced he would create two cardinals at a consistory on 20 June . Both were Archbishops , one Belgian and one Polish .
19 December 1927
At this consistory Pius announced that he had accepted the resignation of French Jesuit theologian Louis Billot from the College of Cardinals , as reported in September . It was the only resignation from the College in the 20th century . Pius X had named him a cardinal in 1911 .
With the creation of five non-Italian cardinals at this consistory , the College again reached a numerical balance with 33 Italians and 33 non-Italians .
15 July 1929
The deaths of several Italians altered the balance in the College by 31 March 1929 to 26 Italians and 33 non-Italians . It was rumored that Pius would appoint more non-Italians once the Holy See reached an agreement with the government of Italy about the legal status of the Vatican City State . Pius named Alfredo Schuster , an Italian of German-Swiss heritage , Archbishop of Milan and made him a cardinal on 15 July 1929 .
16 December 1929
In advance of this consistory , New York Times correspondent Arnaldo Coresi speculated whether Pius would restore an Italian majority in the College of Cardinals in deference to Italian sensibilities following the ratification of the Lateran Treaty between Italy and the Holy See earlier in the year which the election of a non-Italian pope might disturb . The contrary argument was that creating a non-Italian majority in the College would demonstrate papal independence and allay fears that the Treaty gave Italy undue influence in Church affairs . Pius divided his appointments evenly : three from Italy , and one each from France , Ireland , and Portugal . The consistory left the Italians in the minority , with 30 out of 63 members .
30 June 1930
At this consistory Pius made three Italian officials of the Roman Curia , a Brazilian archbishop , and a French bishop cardinals . It left the College balanced between 31 Italians and 32 non-Italians .
13 March 1933
After creating cardinals at thirteen consistories in less than eight years , Pius waited longer than ever before to hold his next consistory in March 1933 , more than two years and eight months . He nevertheless brought the membership of the College from 52 to just 58 by naming six cardinals : four Italians , an Austrian , and a Canadian . This gave the Italians a majority in College for the first time in several years . Pius announced he was making two additional prelates cardinals but withheld their names , which the press speculated meant they were too important in their present posts to be transferred from positions not normally held by a cardinal .
Cardinals in pectore
16 December 1935
On 21 November 1935 , Pope Pius named 18 prelates he planned to make cardinals at a consistory on 16 December . Thirteen were Italians and five came from other countries . One of them was the first Eastern Rite patriarch to enter the College since 1895 . It was the first consistory to create as many as 18 cardinals since Pius X did so in 1911 . Pius also revealed the names of two he added secretly in 1933 . Four of the new cardinals , papal nuncios unable to attend the ceremony , participated in the next reception of new cardinals in June 1936 . As was traditional for the Apostolic Nuncio to Spain , Tedeschino , created in pectore at the previous consistory , received his red biretta from Spanish President Alcalá Zaomora , head of `` one of the most officially anti-clerical nations in the world '' . With this consistory the College grew to 68 members , 37 of them Italians .
15 June 1936
Both new cardinals had spent years in various positions at the Vatican Library , where Pius himself had worked early in his career .
13 December 1937
Pius ' health had been so poor that on 21 December 1936 the U.S. weekly magazine Life published picture of the 66 cardinals then living with the advice : `` Disregard non-Italians and old men : somewhere among the others is the face of the next Pope . '' A year later , Pius reminded those assembled at a consistory held in December 1937 that it might be his last . With the appointment of 3 Italians and 2 non-Italians at his last consistory , Pius increased the Italians to 39 out of 60 members of the College of Cardinals .
Notes
References
Additional sources
External links
Pius XI
Cardinals created by Pope Pius XI
20th-century Catholicism
Pope Pius XI
College of Cardinals
1922 in Christianity
1923 in Christianity
1924 in Christianity
1925 in Christianity
1926 in Christianity
1927 in Christianity
1929 in Christianity
1930 in Christianity
1933 in Christianity
1935 in Christianity
1936 in Christianity
1937 in Christianity
Rashid Khan ( born 21 February 2001 ) is a Nepalese cricketer . In November 2019 , he was named in Nepal 's squad for the men 's cricket tournament at the 2019 South Asian Games . He made his Twenty20 International ( T20I ) debut for Nepal , against Bhutan , on 5 December 2019 . The Nepal team won the bronze medal , after they beat the Maldives by five wickets in the third-place playoff match . In September 2020 , he was one of eighteen cricketers to be awarded with a central contract by the Cricket Association of Nepal .
References
External links
2001 births
Living people
Nepalese cricketers
Nepal Twenty20 International cricketers
South Asian Games bronze medalists for Nepal
South Asian Games medalists in cricket
People from Birgunj
Mehmad Chak ( Urdu : مهمندچک ) is a village in Tehsil Kharian , in the Gujrat District of Punjab , Pakistan . It is located at 32°47'N 73°49.4 ' E at an altitude of 900 feet . Mainly people of the Jutt tribe live there .
References
Chaudhary Anfal Ahmed SON OF CH GHAZANFAR IQBAL . He is from a very powerful family in Mehmandchak . Also known for his bravery , honesty and loyalty to his village and family.He is followings his fathers footsteps in keeping the poor of his village happy with food in their bellies and money in their pockets . He is among the unsung heroes of our great nation PAKISTAN .
Chaudhry Zafar Mehmood
Chaudhry Asif Mehmood
Chaudhry Nadeem Mehmood
Populated places in Gujrat District
Thomas Henry Moray ( August 28 , 1892 - May 18 , 1974 ) was an inventor from Salt Lake City , Utah . He received application for US patent 2,460,707 in February 1949 , after a process of 17 years in discussions with the patent office . The title of the patent is `` Electrotherapeutic Device '' , and although radiotherapy is mentioned , no details are given .
During the 1920s , Thomas Henry Moray worked in the emerging field of radio . After hundreds of experiments designed to improve radio reception , Moray claimed to have discovered a source of energy transmission apparently available everywhere . Using advanced ideas in solid state detectors , he developed a power source which he claimed to produce 50,000 watts of a cold form of electricity . By the early 1930s , dozens of people had reportedly witnessed demonstrations of this technology .
In 1944 Moray was paid $ 25 a day by the rural electrification administration to perfect his system of drawing electrical energy out of the atmosphere . He claimed his invention produced electricity with no exterior input of energy .
The primary component of the device was a non-heated vacuum tube . At the time most vacuum tubes had heaters built inside . The patent office refused to grant his patent , initially , because they claimed that any vacuum tube without a heater would not work . He was never granted a patent for his power supply device . He did have other inventions and was able to obtain a patent application for one of those , the Electrotherapeutic device .
References
1892 births
1974 deaths
Free energy conspiracy theories
People from Salt Lake City
20th-century American inventors
is a Japanese visual kei metal band initially formed in May 2013 but restarted in February 2015 . The group is an independent band on the label DPR Japan , consisting of members Ricko , Sena , the main songwriter of the songs , Boogie and Zyean . They have released 7 albums and 6 singles so far . It was ranked at the 12 position on the JRock News 's top 15 visual kei and Japanese rock artists of 2019 . Jiluka is described as `` '' .
Career
Early years ( 2013 – 2016 )
Jiluka was originally formed in February 2013 by Ricko , Sena , Boogie and JaiL , debuting on May 6 , 2013 . However , JaiL announced in June that they would leave the band after a final show on December 21 , 2013 , causing a break in the group activities . The band restarted in 2015 with a new drummer , Zyean , releasing their debut single `` Screamer '' and then , on April 8 , the EP Brave Agonistic Letters Under Segregation . On April 20 , 2016 , they released the single `` Faizh '' and performed their first solo concert on May 21 in Ikebukuro . The second single , `` Lluvia '' , was released on November 11 .
First full album and Mad Pit Tour ( 2017 – present )
In 2017 they released their third EP , titled Xenomorphic , on June 28 . The limited single `` Hellraiser '' was released for exclusive purchase at the May 20 , 2018 concert at Tsutaya-O West . Metamorphose , the band 's first full-length album , was released on September 12 , 2018 , and reached number eight on the Oricon Indies Albums charts . On December 16 , the group performed in Metal Square vol . 4 festival in Shibuya , with other bands like Dimlim , Nocturnal Bloodlust and Deviloof .
In 2019 , they sponsored the Mad Pit Tour 2019 and embarked on it with other bands such as Deviloof , Dexcore and Victim of Deception . On May 29 , they released a cover album titled Polyhedron , containing covers of songs by Do As Infinity , Joe Yellow , Hatsune Miku , among others . Jiluka participated in a collaboration with the band breakin ' holiday and on August 3 , the two groups performed together and released an album titled B ' H⇄JLK , in which Juri , lead singer of breakin ' holiday , sings Jiluka 's `` Twisted Pain '' and Ricko sings `` Lilith '' by breakin ' holiday . The disc was limited to purchase on the day of the show . On November 13 , the greatest hits album Xanadu was released along with a new version of the music video for `` Screamer '' from the debut EP Brave Agonistic Letters Under Segregation . The album also included a new song , `` Elice in Slow Motion '' .
In February 2020 , they performed at Tsutaya-O West , celebrating the band 's 5-year career . From June to July , they would sponsor the Mad Pit Tour 2020 , however it was completely canceled due to the COVID-19 pandemic . On October 3 they embarked on another national tour , but this time with limited audience due to the pandemic , which ended on November 29 in Shibuya . The tour was in promotion of the new EP , Xtopia , released on October 14 . From August 30 to September 12 , 2020 , they embarked on tour together with Leetspeak Monsters . Jiluka performed a free online show available worldwide from Twitch hosted by Chaotic Harmony store on February 21 , 2021 .
Musical style
Jiluka 's musicality is presented as metal , mostly metalcore . Describing `` Twisted Pain '' , Jrock News claimed that the song features `` heavy drums with double pedals , fancy guitar solo and fry scream vocals '' . Barks stated that `` the band 's technical and intense sound draws attention '' and commenting about `` Divine Error '' , describes it as `` a heavy melody '' . The band also incorporate hip hop and EDM elements into their music .
Influences
Jiluka cites as their main influence , among all the members , the Japanese band X Japan . Sena mentions as some of his more specific influences the band Kansas , classical music and the English band Rixton . He says he used to listen to hip-hop , until a friend urged him to listen to X Japan 's `` Kurenai '' ; he became a guitarist inspired by hide and Pata . Ricko says that he likes rap , being a fan of Linkin Park and that he also used to listen to L'Arc-en-Ciel . Boogie claims he listens to a bit of everything , like Luna Sea and Korn , but Slipknot brought him into metal . Zyean says he listens to a lot of metal bands , like Metallica , Bullet for My Valentine , Rhapsody of Fire , Behemoth , among many others .
All members claim that at the beginning of their musical careers they were from different positions . Ricko used to play guitar but the band he was part of did n't have a vocalist , and despite being insecure , he started to sing . Even though Sena 's influences encouraged him to play guitar , he initially played drums , as stated by himself . Zyean started listening to death metal and other types of extreme metal when he was a student . He was a self-taught vocalist who also played guitar and bass : `` To be honest , I did n't want to play drums back then . '' In another interview , he claimed that a drummer classmate convinced him to play . Like Ricko , Boogie said that a bass player was missing on the band that he was invited to play .
Members
Ricko ( リコ ) - vocals ( 2013 – present )
Sena ( セナ ) - guitar ( 2013 – present )
Boogie ( ブギー ) - bass guitar ( 2013 – present )
Zyean ( ジェーン ) - drums ( 2015 – present )
Former members
JaiL - drums ( 2013 )
Discography
Albums
Brave Agonistic Letters Under Segregation ( April 8 , 2015 )
Destrieb ( August 5 , 2015 )
Xenomorphic ( June 28 , 2017 ) ( Oricon Albums Chart : 257 )
Metamorphose ( September 12 , 2018 ) ( Oricon Albums Chart : 67 ; Indies Albums : 8 )
Polyhedron ( May 29 , 2019 ) ( Oricon Albums Chart : 102 )
Xanadu ( November 13 , 2019 ) ( Oricon Albums Chart : 83 )
Xtopia ( October 14 , 2020 ) ( Oricon Albums Chart : 88 )
IDOLA ( September 15 , 2021 )
References
Musical quartets
Visual kei musical groups
Musical groups reestablished in 2015
Musical groups established in 2013
Metalcore musical groups
Japanese musical groups
The black-and-white seedeater ( Sporophila luctuosa ) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae .
It is found in Bolivia , Brazil , Colombia , Ecuador , Peru , and Venezuela .
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist shrubland , subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland , and heavily degraded former forest .
Gallery
References
black-and-white seedeater
Birds of the Northern Andes
black-and-white seedeater
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The 2000–01 SM-liiga season was the 26th season of the SM-liiga , the top level of ice hockey in Finland . 13 teams participated in the league , and TPS Turku won the championship .
Standings
Playoffs
Quarterfinals
Jokerit - Kärpät 2:3 ( 2:1 , 2:7 , 1:2 , 2:0 , 0:1 )
TPS - Pelicans 3:0 ( 3:0 , 4:0 , 6:1 )
Tappara - Lukko 3:0 ( 3:2 , 3:1 , 5:3 )
HIFK - Ilves 2:3 ( 0:1 P , 4:2 , 0:3 , 3:0 , 2:3 )
Semifinal
TPS - Kärpät 3:0 ( 6:1 , 4:2 , 4:1 )
Tappara - Ilves 3:0 ( 5:1 , 4:1 , 3:2 P )
3rd place
Ilves - Kärpät 2:0
Final
TPS - Tappara 3:1 ( 4:3 , 0:3 , 2:1 , 2:1 P )
External links
SM-liiga official website
1
Finnish
Liiga seasons
Glyphipterix canachodes is a species of sedge moth in the genus Glyphipterix . It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1909 . It is found in southern India .
References
Moths described in 1909
Glyphipterigidae
Moths of Asia
Ratshof Church ( ) or Christuskirche ( Christ Church ) was a Protestant church in western Königsberg , Germany . It was the final church constructed in the city before it became Russian Kaliningrad .
The church in Ratshof was designed in 1932 by architect Kurt Frick of the Kunstakademie Königsberg . It was constructed from 1936 to 1937 and dedicated on 31 October 1937 . Damaged by artillery fire during the Battle of Königsberg , the church was rebuilt after Königsberg became Kaliningrad . The Soviet Union used the redesigned building as a Palace of Culture for automotive workers . In 2010 it was transferred to the Russian Orthodox Church .
References
1937 establishments in Germany
1945 disestablishments in Germany
20th-century Lutheran churches in Germany
Churches in Kaliningrad
Churches in Kaliningrad Oblast
Former churches in Königsberg
Lutheran churches in Königsberg
Christian organizations established in 1937
Cultural heritage monuments of regional significance in Kaliningrad Oblast
Ñawpallaqta or Ñawpa Llaqta ( Quechua ñawpa ancient , llaqta place ( village , town , city , country , nation ) , `` ancient place '' , also spelled Nawpallacta ) is an archaeological site in Peru . It lies in the Ayacucho Region , Víctor Fajardo Province , on the border of the districts of Cayara and Huancapi . It is situated near Anta Qaqa ( Antaccacca ) at a height of on the eastern side of the Kinwamayu valley .
References
Archaeological sites in Peru
Archaeological sites in Ayacucho Region
Yang Terbaik is the greatest hits album by Indonesian singer Ari Lasso . It was released on June 15 , 2012 by Aquarius Musikindo . The album compiled eight songs from five previous studio albums with six newest songs , `` Kisah Kita '' , `` Karena Aku Tlah Denganmu '' , `` Cintailah Aku Sepenuh Hati '' , `` Satu Cinta '' , `` Doa Untuk Cinta '' and `` Cinta Adalah Misteri '' . In marketing this album , Ari and the record label working with KFC that this album would be circulated in all KFC stores in Indonesia .
Track listing
References
2012 compilation albums
The 1996 season of the Bhutanese A-Division was the second recorded season of top-flight football in Bhutan , with the winners , if any , during the years 1987-1995 being unknown . After the initial season , the popularity of the game waned and was only revived in the mid-1990s by the monk Khyentse Norbu . The league was won by Druk Pol .
References
Bhutan A-Division seasons
Bhutan
Bhutan
football
The Akwantutenten Festival is an annual festival celebrated by the chiefs and peoples of Worawora in the Jasikan District in the Oti Region of Ghana formally Volta region who are Akans . It is usually celebrated in September .
Celebrations
During the festival , there is a grand durbar of chiefs where they sit in state and receive homages from their subjects . People all over and other Akans come to the Worawora township to show off their best . A ritual of cleansing and pacification of stools and shrines are done in black wear .
Significance
This festival is celebrated to mark the exodus of the people of Worawora who migrated from Kuntunase in the Ashanti-land to their current abode . The festival involves a pilgrimage to their former settlements up the hills where they overlook the hills at which foot where their present settlements location .
References
Festivals in Ghana
Oti Region
Weitersweiler is a municipality in the Donnersbergkreis district , in Rhineland-Palatinate , Germany .
References
Donnersbergkreis
William Openshaw Freeburn ( 7 April 1930 - 25 December 2019 ) was a Scottish former footballer , who played as a full-back .
References
1930 births
Footballers from Hamilton , South Lanarkshire
Scottish footballers
Association football fullbacks
Dunfermline Athletic F.C . players
East Stirlingshire F.C . players
Grimsby Town F.C . players
English Football League players
2019 deaths
Armando Luís Barcellos da Silva ( born February 6 , 1966 in Niterói , Rio de Janeiro ) is an athlete from Brazil , who competes in triathlon . Barcellos competed at the first Olympic triathlon at the 2000 Summer Olympics . He ended up in thirty-ninth place , with a total time of 1:53:42.63 .
References
1966 births
Living people
Brazilian male triathletes
Olympic triathletes of Brazil
Triathletes at the 1999 Pan American Games
Triathletes at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Pan American Games competitors for Brazil
20th-century Brazilian people
21st-century Brazilian people
Pornography in Canada has changed since the 1960s when the Criminal Law Amendment Act , 1968-69 that suppressed various laws related to sexual norms was passed . There has been a shift in the mode of determining whether a material is obscene or not with the R v. Butler judgment . The obscenity laws were challenged as violative of freedom of expression in R. v Butler . Obscenity is defined as follows under the Criminal Code : `` the undue exploitation of sex or of sex and one or more of the following subjects ; namely , crime , horror , cruelty and violence . '' The court held that the term “ undue ” should be interpreted on the degree of harm which flows from such exposure that predisposes people to act in an anti-social manner . The court ruled that pornography is harmful if it contains violence or explicit sex which is degrading or dehumanizing and which creates a substantial risk of harm , as it harms a person 's right to be equal . Therefore , there is a shift from the community standard 's test to the harm test post the Butler judgment .
Science
A 2009 study at the University of Montreal did not find any men , among the 20 men they interviewed , in their 20s who claimed to have never viewed pornography .
Sale of hardcore pornography
The sale of hardcore pornography is illegal in Canada to anyone under the age of 18 ( 19 in some provinces ) , but anyone above that age may own or possess pornography .
Distribution
Most pornography is sold in adult stores , on adult websites or convenience stores . No specific laws control distribution of pornography . The Canada Border Services Agency is empowered to stop the importation of materials prohibited under obscenity laws . Many gay and lesbian bookstores have claimed that this is applied in a discriminatory manner against same-sex pornographic material .
Television stations
Conversely , some over-the-air television stations ( particularly Citytv and TQS ) often broadcast softcore pornographic films after midnight . Hardcore films also air on MX excess , one of the seven multiplex channels operated by The Movie Network . In addition , pornographic films may be publicly shown ( to those above the age of 18 ) and advertised , as is the case in some stores on Yonge Street in Toronto and rue Sainte-Catherine in Montréal .
See also
Freedom of speech in Canada # Pornography
Censorship in Canada
References
History
The village of Manhala Jai Singh , known in the former times as only Manhala , was founded by the Batth Jatt Zamandirs , west of Patti town in the southern portion of the Majha Region . The Batth Jatt Chaudhries of this village held feudal Jagirs in Manhala , Mughal Wala , and Kulla . The village back then was in the Patti Pargana ( being the old district ) . Guru Hargobind Sahib Jee , the Sixth Sikh Guru , along with some Sikh soldiers , visited Manhala , and stayed opposite the house of Batth Jatt Chaudhries in an open space in the centre of the village . At first a platform was made at the site commemorating the visit of Guru Hargobind Sahib Jee .
In the early mid-1700s , when the Mughal power ended , and was replaced by the Sikh Misls ( confederacies ) , Godh Singh and Uttam Singh , the sons of Chaudhri Bulaki Batth of Manhala , joined the Bhangi Sikh Misl , under Sardar Hari Singh Dhillon . The Batth Sikh sardars were well known in their region . The book ( sardar gharaane of Punjab ) provided a history of Batth sardars . The lieutenant governor Lepel H.Griffen also talks about Batth sardars of Maniyala Jai singh , in his famous book Chiefs Of Punjab ( edition of 1865 ) The book Chiefs of Punjab contains the history of Rajas of Punjab .
Nearby cities : New Amritsar City , Ferozepur , Amritsar
References
http : //apnaorg.com/books/punjab-chiefs/
http : //www.panjabdigilib.org/webuser/searches/displayPageContent.jsp ? ID=7273 & CategoryID=1 & Searched=W3GX
Villages in Tarn Taran district
Göran K. Hansson ( born 1951 ) , is a Swedish physician and scientist .
Hansson was awarded his doctorate in 1980 at the University of Gothenburg . He has been a research scientist at the University of Washington in Seattle , professor of cell biology at the University of Gothenburg , and visiting professor at Harvard Medical School . Since 1995 , he is professor of experimental cardiovascular research at the Karolinska Institute .
His research concerns the interplay between the immune system and blood vessels , and the cause of atherosclerosis .
Important contributions include the discovery of inflammatory cells and signals in atherosclerotic arteries and of protective immune responses against this disease .
In 2007 , Hansson was elected member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences and serves as its secretary general since 2015 . Hansson is also a member of Academia Europaea and was previously a member of the Nobel Assembly at the Karolinska Institute . He has served on the Nobel Committee for Physiology or Medicine at the Karolinska Institute ( for the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine ) for 17 years and was its secretary until 2015 . He is vice chair of the board of directors of the Nobel Foundation . He is a scientific advisor to Humanitas University in Milan , the Centre of Molecular Inflammation Research in Trondheim , and the Leducq Foundation .
References
1951 births
Living people
Swedish immunologists
Karolinska Institute faculty
University of Gothenburg alumni
Members of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences
Traumatic calcinosis cutis is a cutaneous condition characterized by calcification of the skin resulting from the deposition of calcium and phosphorus often resulting from occupational exposure , as in cases reported in oil-field workers and coal miners .
See also
Calcinosis cutis
Skin lesion
References
Skin conditions resulting from errors in metabolism
Clear Lake may refer to one of several places in the U.S. state of Oregon :
There are 11 bodies of water listed as of May 28 , 2010 .
See also
List of lakes in Oregon
Lakes of Oregon
Peter Ronald Brown ( born 25 December 1940 ) is an English performance poet , lyricist , and singer best known for his collaborations with Cream and Jack Bruce . Brown formed the bands Pete Brown & His Battered Ornaments and Pete Brown & Piblokto ! and worked with Graham Bond and Phil Ryan . Brown also writes film scripts and formed a film production company .
Early life
Brown was born in Ashtead , Surrey , England . Before his involvement with music , he was a poet , having his first poem published in the U.S. magazine Evergreen Review when he was 14 years old . He then became part of the poetry scene in Liverpool during the 1960s , and in 1964 was the first poet to perform at Morden Tower in Newcastle . He did poetry and music events , including a tour with guitarist Davey Graham .
Brown formed The First Real Poetry Band with John McLaughlin ( guitar ) , Binky McKenzie ( bass ) , Laurie Allan ( drums ) and Pete Bailey ( percussion ) .
Cream
The First Real Poetry Band brought Brown to the attention of the band Cream . Originally , he was seen as a writing partner for drummer Ginger Baker , but the group quickly discovered that he worked better with bassist Jack Bruce . Of the situation , Bruce later remarked : `` Ginger and Pete were at my flat trying to work on a song but it was n't happening . My wife Janet then got with Ginger and they wrote 'Sweet Wine ' while I started working with Pete . ''
Together , Brown and Bruce wrote many of Cream 's songs , including the hits `` I Feel Free '' , `` White Room '' and `` SWLABR '' and ( with Clapton ) `` Sunshine of Your Love '' .
After the break-up of Cream , Bruce and Brown continued to write songs together . Brown wrote the lyrics for most of Bruce 's solo albums .
Solo career
Brown formed Pete Brown and His Battered Ornaments in 1968 , and in 1969 the band recorded two albums : A Meal You Can Shake Hands With in the Dark and Mantlepiece , with a line-up including Pete Bailey ( percussion ) , Charlie Hart ( keyboards ) , Dick Heckstall-Smith ( sax ) , George Kahn ( sax ) , Roger Potter ( bass ) , Chris Spedding ( guitar ) and Rob Tait ( drums ) . Brown then suffered the ignominy of being thrown out of his own band , the day before they were due to support the Rolling Stones at Hyde Park . His vocals were subsequently removed from Mantlepiece and re-recorded by Chris Spedding , and the band was renamed The Battered Ornaments .
`` Piblokto ! '' was formed after Brown 's dismissal from the Battered Ornaments , and was active between 1969 and 1971 . The original Piblokto ! members were ; Brown on vocals , Laurie Allan on drums , Jim Mullen on guitar , Roger Bunn on bass and Dave Thompson on organ . Most of their releases were for Harvest Records .
Allan left to join The Battered Ornaments and was replaced by their drummer Rob Tait . They released their first single `` Living Life Backwards '' / `` High Flying Electric Bird '' , ( the A-side later covered by Jeff Beck ) , followed by the album Things May Come and Things May Go but the Art School Dance Goes on Forever ( 1970 ) . Bunn was replaced by Steve Glover for their second single , `` Ca n't Get Off The Planet '' / `` Broken Magic '' and the LP Thousands on a Raft ( 1970 ) .
Mullen , Thompson and Tait left , so Brown and Glover were joined by Phil Ryan on keyboards , John `` Pugwash '' Weathers on drums ( both formerly from The Eyes of Blue ) and Brian Breeze on guitar . This line-up only recorded one single , `` Flying Hero Sandwich '' / '' My Last Band '' . Weathers and Breeze both departed , to be replaced by guitarist Taff Williams ( also formerly in The Eyes of Blue ) and drummer Ed Spevock , before finally disbanding in Autumn 1971 , and Brown went on to work with Graham Bond . Both albums , all three singles and several bonus tracks were reissued on the double album CD BGOCD522 in 2001 .
The band 's name was taken from the Inuit word for `` Arctic Hysteria '' , Piblokto , with symptoms including hysteria ( screaming , uncontrolled wild behaviour ) , depression and echolalia ( senseless repetition of words ) .
Later career
After Piblokto ! , Brown started to work with Graham Bond , with input from Jack Bruce and Bond 's wife , Diane Stewart . In 1972 they recorded one album , Two Heads Are Better Than One , a single , `` Lost Tribe '' , and much of the soundtrack to the short experimental documentary film Maltamour , before Bond left to form Magus in 1973 .
Brown then formed Brown and Friends , and Flying Tigers , though neither group got beyond producing demos . In 1973 , he recorded an album of his early poems , The Not Forgotten Association , before recording with members of Back to the Front , including an album , Party in The Rain , which was recorded in 1976 but not released until 1982 .
On the rise of punk , he left the music scene in 1977 and wrote film scripts . He then wrote a film score for a BBC TV film , with Phil Ryan , who had been in a late Piblokto ! line-up . They collaborated for 12 years , and Brown formed his own label Interoceter , which issued two Pete Brown/Phil Ryan albums : Ardours of the Lost Rake and Coals to Jerusalem . They began touring in 1993 , and a compilation of the two albums was issued on CD as The Land That Cream Forgot ( Vintage , VIN 8031-2 ) . In the 1990s Brown also appeared with The Interoceters , performing his earlier material .
A new Brown/Ryan album Road of Cobras , including Maggie Bell , Arthur Brown , Mick Taylor and Jim Mullen , was released in 2010 .
In 2004 , he formed Brown Waters , a film production company , with Mark A. J . Waters and Miran Hawke .
In 2010 , he published his autobiography White Rooms and Imaginary Westerns ( JR Books , London ) .
Pete Brown partnered with Gary Brooker writing lyrics for songs in Procol Harum 's 2017 album , Novum .
References in popular culture
`` Pete the Poet '' , a track on guitarist John McLaughlin 's debut album Extrapolation ( 1969 ) , is named after him .
`` Get '' , a song by Blurt about Brown and his model aeroplane collection .
`` Student Susan '' , a track on Japanese guitarist Saiichi Sugiyama 's album So Am I ( 2004 ) , which Brown wrote with Sugiyama , is named after the former girlfriend of Stuart Sutcliffe of the Beatles , whom Brown went out with in the Liverpool poetry scene in the early 1960s .
Brown is mentioned in Alasdair Gray 's short story `` The Great Bear Cult '' , from Gray 's collection Unlikely Stories , Mostly ( Penguin Books , 1983 ) .
Poetry
Few Poems ( Birmingham : Migrant Press , 1966 )
Let 'Em Roll , Kafka ( London : Fulcrum Press , , 1969 )
The Old Pals ' Act ( editor ; London : Allison & Busby , , 1972 )
The Not Forgotten Association ( album of Brown reading his early poems , 1973 )
Mundane Tuesday & Freudian Saturday ( Detroit : Ridgeway Press , , 2016 )
Discography
A Meal You Can Shake Hands With in the Dark ( Harvest , SHVL 752 , 1969 )
Things May Come and Things May Go but the Art School Dance Goes on Forever ( Harvest , SHVL 768 , 1970 )
Thousands on a Raft ( Harvest , SHVL 782 , 1970 )
Two Heads Are Better Than One ( 1972 )
The `` Not Forgotten '' Association ( 1973 )
My Last Band ( Harvest , SHSM 2017 , 1977 )
Party in The Rain ( 1982 )
The Land That Cream Forgot ( Vintage , VIN 8031-2 , 1996 )
Curly 's Airships ( 2000 ) ( with Judge Smith )
Ardours of the Lost Rake ( 2003 )
Coals to Jerusalem ( 2003 )
References
External links
1940 births
Living people
English male poets
English male singer-songwriters
English Jews
Jewish British musicians
Jewish rock musicians
Parlophone artists
Harvest Records artists
Deram Records artists
Procol Harum members
Proper Records artists
People from Ashtead
