James A. Squires is an American railroad executive who is the president , chief executive officer , and executive chairman of Norfolk Southern Railway .
Squires was born in Hollis , New Hampshire , and has degrees from Amherst College and the University of Chicago Law School . He joined Norfolk Southern in 1992 , and after working his way up the executive chain at the company was promoted to president in 2013 . He was appointed to the CEO position , replacing Charles Moorman , in June 2015 , and later in the year took over Moorman 's role as Executive Chairman of NS ' board as well .
References
Amherst College alumni
University of Chicago Law School alumni
Norfolk Southern Railway people
21st-century American railroad executives
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
`` Since You 've Been Gone '' is a 2004 single from Powderfinger 's fifth studio album Vulture Street . It was the fourth and final single released from Vulture Street and reached # 51 on the Australian music chart . It was a limited edition single , hence no video or puzzle piece on the spine of the single . The song refers to Powderfinger 's lead singer Bernard Fanning missing his brother who had died a year prior to the song 's release .
Track listing
`` Since You 've Been Gone ''
`` Stop Sign '' ( Airlock demo )
`` Another Day ''
Charts
References
Powderfinger songs
2004 singles
2003 songs
Universal Records singles
Songs written by Jon Coghill
Songs written by John Collins ( Australian musician )
Songs written by Bernard Fanning
Songs written by Ian Haug
Songs written by Darren Middleton
Physics , Math , and Astronomy Building ( abbreviated PMA ; formerly known as Robert Lee Moore Hall or RLM ) is a high rise building on the University of Texas at Austin campus , in the U.S. state of Texas . The building was completed in 1972 , and houses the astronomy , mathematics , and physics departments .
The building was originally named after mathematician Robert Lee Moore . In 2016 , students demanded the building be renamed because of Moore 's racist treatment of African American students . On , during the George Floyd protests , University Interim President Jay Hartzell announced that the building would be renamed as the Physics , Math and Astronomy Building .
References
External links
1972 establishments in Texas
University and college buildings completed in 1972
University of Texas at Austin campus
Katepwa Point Provincial Park is located along the eastern shore of Katepwa Lake in the southern portion of the Canadian province of Saskatchewan , adjacent to the resort village of Katepwa . The park 's primary feature is a large beach , which is complemented by a large lawn , boat launch , and picnic facilities . At only five hectares in size , it is among the smallest of Saskatchewan 's provincial parks .
The park was established by the Canadian federal government in 1921 as Vidal Point Dominion Park . In 1930 , the Government of Canada transferred the responsibility for Saskatchewan 's natural resources to the province . As such , Vidal Point fell under the jurisdiction of the newly created Saskatchewan Parks Branch in 1931 and was renamed Katepwa Point Provincial Park . It was one of the six original provincial parks in Saskatchewan , the others being Moose Mountain , Duck Mountain , Cypress Hills , Good Spirit Lake Provincial Park , and Little Manitou .
Saskatchewan Highway 56 provides access to the park as it travels along the Qu'Appelle Valley and the Fishing Lakes .
Attractions
The main attraction for the park is the beach . The beach is located in the southern shore of Katepwa Point , on the south side of Katepwa Beach . Besides the beach , there 's a picnic area , playground , and a boat launch . Activities at the park include swimming , fishing , boating , and various other water related activities .
In the winter , there 's snowmobiling , cross-country skiing , skating , and ice fishing .
Amenities near the park include a golf course , mini-golf , hotel , cabins , licensed dining , and hiking .
See also
List of protected areas of Saskatchewan
Tourism in Saskatchewan
Fishing Lakes
References
External links
Provincial parks of Saskatchewan
Division No . 6 , Saskatchewan
Yutthana Polsak ( born 21 March 1970 ) is a Thai retired footballer . He represented Thailand at the 2000 and 2004 futsal world championships and the 2005 beach soccer world cup .
References
See also
Thailand Beach Soccer Team
Thailand Squad On Fifa.com
1970 births
Living people
Yutthana Polsak
Yutthana Polsak
Yutthana Polsak
1996 AFC Asian Cup players
Yutthana Polsak
Association football defenders
Southeast Asian Games medalists in football
Yutthana Polsak
Competitors at the 1997 Southeast Asian Games
Borsuk is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mircze , within Hrubieszów County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine .
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
Shankarrao Bajirao Patil ( 15 February 1924 – 13 September 2006 ) was an Indian politician who served as Member of Parliament between 1980–1984 and 1989-1991 from Baramati parliamentary constituency . He was also Member of Legislative Assembly of Bombay state between 1952 and 1957 , partially between 1957–60 and then of Maharashtra between 1962 and 1967 , 1967-72 1972–78 , and 1978–80 . He was Minister of State between 1962–74 and Cabinet Minister in Government of Maharashtra during 1974–78 .
Early life and family
Patil completed his Bachelor of Arts from Fergusson College and LL.B . from I.L.S . Law College Pune . Harshavardhan Patil , a senior minister in Maharashtra is his nephew .
Career
Member
Maharashtra Legislative Assembly , 1952–57 , 1957–62 , 1962–67 , 1967-72 1972–78 , 1978–80
Lok Sabha , 1980–84 and 1989–91 .
Positions
Gen. Secy . PCC ( I ) Maharashtra , 1978–80
President
Ex-Chairman and Founder , Indapur Sahakari Sakhar Karkhana , Pune
Ex-Chairman , Indapur Shikshan Prasarak Mandal
Ex-Chairman , Shivaji Education Society , Bawada
References
External links
Official biographical sketch in Parliament of India website
1924 births
2006 deaths
Lok Sabha members from Maharashtra
Members of the Maharashtra Legislative Council
Maharashtra MLAs 1962–1967
Maharashtra MLAs 1967–1972
Maharashtra MLAs 1972–1978
Maharashtra MLAs 1978–1980
Marathi politicians
Indian National Congress politicians
Maharashtra MLAs 1960–1962
People from Baramati
India MPs 1980–1984
India MPs 1989–1991
Indian National Congress politicians from Maharashtra
Sunshine Stars Football Club is a Nigerian football club based in Akure . They play in the top division in Nigerian football , the Nigerian Premier League . Their home stadium is the Akure Township Stadium .
Funding
Sunshine Stars FC are funded and sponsored by the Ondo State Government .
Achievements
National Division One ( Second Level ) : 2
2001 , 2007
Performance in CAF competitions
CAF Champions League : 1 appearance
2012 – Semi-finals
CAF Confederation Cup : 1 appearance
2011 – Semi-finals
West African Club Championship ( UFOA Cup ) : 1 appearance
2009 – First Round
Notable coaches
Kadiri Ikhana ( 2000 )
Rodolfo Zapata ( 2010 )
Paul Ashworth ( 2015 )
Augustine Eguavoen ( 2017 )
Adeyeni Joseph ( 2018 )
Daramola Nicholas Akinsehinwa ( 2013-2016 )
Notable players
Dayo Ojo
Godfrey Oboabona
References
Football clubs in Nigeria
Ondo State
Sports clubs in Nigeria
Steelhead Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia , Canada , located at the west end of Kamloops Lake near the town of Savona .
Established in 1995 , Steelhead ( Sk'emqin ) Provincial Park is located on land that holds significant archeological value . The site had been used by the Secwepemc people for 7,000 to 10,000 year and in more recent history , was the site of pioneer homestead , ferry landing , stagecoach depot . A few historical buildings and a cemetery can still be found within the park boundaries .
References
Provincial parks of British Columbia
Thompson Country
Protected areas established in 1993
1993 establishments in British Columbia
She 's Out is a British primetime television crime drama . The six-part series was produced by Cinema Verity for Carlton Television and screened on ITV in 1995 . Written by Lynda La Plante as a sequel to her 1980 's series , Widows , She 's Out takes up the story of the central character , Dolly Rawlins , ten years after the events of the previous series . Ann Mitchell , who reprised her role as Dolly and Kate Williams , who played Audrey Withey , were the only cast members from the original series to appear in She 's Out . The executive producer for the series was Verity Lambert and the series was directed by Ian Toynton , both of whom had worked on the original series .
It begins with Dolly Rawlins ' release from prison after serving a five-year sentence for the murder of Harry , her husband . She teams up with several other parolees and make plans to stage a train robbery on horseback . Dolly 's new companions in crime were fellow former inmates , brothel madam Ester Freeman ( Linda Marlowe ) , Julia Lawson ( Anna Patrick ) , a doctor who sold prescriptions to finance her heroin habit , arms dealer and fence Gloria Radford ( Maureen Sweeney ) , prostitute Connie Stephens ( Zoe Heyes ) , Angela Dunn ( Indra Ove ) , a young woman embroiled in Ester 's vice schemes and forger Kathleen O'Reilly ( Maggie McCarthy ) .
The series was released on Region 2 DVD .
Cast
Ann Mitchell as Dolly Rawlins
Linda Marlowe as Ester Freeman
Maureen Sweeney as Gloria Radford
Anna Patrick as Julia Lawson
Zoe Heyes as Connie Stephens
Indra Ové as Angela Dunn
Maggie McCarthy as Kathleen O'Reilly
Adrian Rawlins as D.S . Mike Withey
Kate Williams as Audrey Withey
Hugh Quarshie as D.C.I . Ron Craigh
Douglas McFerran as D.S . John Palmer
Sophie Heyman as Susan Withey
Terence Beesley as Jim Douglas
Huggy Leaver as Eddie Radford
Richard Lintern as John Maynard
Buffy Davis as Norma Walker
Antony Webb as Jimmy Donaldson
Episode list
References
External links
1995 British television series debuts
1995 British television series endings
1990s British drama television series
British crime drama television series
ITV television dramas
1990s British television miniseries
Television series by Fremantle ( company )
Television shows set in Buckinghamshire
Carlton Television
English-language television shows
1990s British crime television series
Sequel television series
Midwest Military Academy ( MMA ) was an elementary , middle school and high school in Wheaton , Illinois . The school was demolished in 1988 creating the Academy Highlands subdivision .
Located among 16 1/2 acres at Academy Lane and Orchard Road , the school was established in 1931 . The last owner was Jerry Williams . Upon closure of the school , the Chicago area had one remaining military school , located in Aurora , IL , the Marmion Military Academy .
Tuition for the year was $ 4,800 at the time of closing . About a dozen Midwest students transferred to St. John ` s Military Academy near Lake Geneva .
History
Jerry Williams ' father , Paul Williams , a retired Colonel in the U.S. Army , founded MMA in 1931 in Homewood , Illiois . The school was moved to the north part of Wheaton in 1938 followed five years by the last campus on the south part of Wheaton , which included a Victorian home once owned by industrialist Alfred Plamondon .
References
IT ` S TAPS FOR A MILITARY ACADEMY AS SUBURBIA ` S BUILDERS MARCH
Midwest Military Academy
Neighborhood profile : Academy Highlands
Private high schools in Illinois
Military high schools in the United States
Statistics of the Cambodian League for the 1985 season .
Overview
National Defense Ministry won the championship .
References
RSSSF
C-League seasons
Cambodia
Cambodia
football
Jackie Stewart OBE is a British former racing driver who won three Formula One world championships . He entered Formula One in 1965 with the Owen Racing Organisation team . He spent three seasons with the team , before moving to Tyrrell Racing in 1968 . Over the next six years he became a leading Formula One driver , winning three world championships during his time with the British team , in 1969 , 1971 and 1973 . During his last full season with Tyrrell , Stewart witnessed the death of his teammate François Cevert during the 1973 United States Grand Prix , causing him to miss his 100th and final Formula One race .
Stewart achieved his first victory in Formula One at the 1965 Italian Grand Prix on 12th September . He achieved his final race win with BRM in 1966 , and achieved no race wins in 1967 , before moving to Tyrrell in 1968 . He secured his first Formula One world championship in 1969 , achieving six victories over the duration of the season , something he would later repeat in terms of race wins . In the subsequent four seasons , he won a further 16 races , securing two more Formula One world championships titles in 1971 and 1973 . His final victory in Formula One came at the 1973 German Grand Prix . In all , Stewart won 27 Grand Prix at fourteen different circuits .
Two of Stewart 's 27 victories were achieved with BRM using a V8 engine , whilst 25 were with Tyrrell , using a Ford Cosworth DFV engine . His largest margin of victory was +2 laps at the 1969 Spanish Grand Prix , whilst the narrowest margin was at the 1969 Italian Grand Prix , winning by 0:00.800 .
Wins
Key :
No . – Victory number ; for example , `` 1 '' signifies Stewart 's first race win .
Race – Race number ; for example , `` 1 '' signifies the first race Stewart took part in . Races in which Stewart unsuccessfully attempted to qualify are included .
Grid – The position on the grid at which Stewart started the race .
Margin – Margin of victory , given in the format of minutes : seconds.milliseconds
– Driver 's Championship winning season .
Number of wins at different Grands Prix
Number of wins at different circuits
See also
List of Formula One Grand Prix winners
References
External links
Drivers : Hall of Fame : Jackie Stewart
Jackie Stewart : Involvement from Stats F1
1960s in motorsport
1960s-related lists
1970s in motorsport
1970s-related lists
Stewart
Al-Nassr defended the championship and claimed their 6th championship , although the Saudi FA rules stipulated that both teams in the championship final had to play away , so although both finalists are from Riyadh , the final was in Jeddah . Al Nassr had four coaches during the season . Youssouf Khamis was the lucky one to win the final , following the successive sackings of Henri Michel , Ivo Borkibo and Nasser Jawhar .
Stadia and locations
Final league table
Playoffs
Semifinals
Third place match
Final
External links
RSSSF Stats
Saudi Arabia Football Federation
Saudi League Statistics
Saudi Premier League seasons
Saudi Professional League
Professional League
In mathematics , a Madhava series or Leibniz series is any one of the series in a collection of infinite series expressions all of which are believed to have been discovered by an Indian Mathematician and Astronomer Madhava of Sangamagrama ( c. 1350 – c. 1425 ) , the founder of the Kerala school of astronomy and mathematics and later by Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz , among others . These expressions are the Maclaurin series expansions of the trigonometric sine , cosine and arctangent functions , and the special case of the power series expansion of the arctangent function yielding a formula for computing . The power series expansions of sine and cosine functions are respectively called Madhava 's sine series and Madhava 's cosine series . The power series expansion of the arctangent function is sometimes called Madhava–Gregory series or Gregory–Madhava series . These power series are also collectively called Taylor–Madhava series . The formula for is referred to as Madhava–Newton series or Madhava–Leibniz series or Leibniz formula for pi or Leibnitz–Gregory–Madhava series . These further names for the various series are reflective of the names of the Western discoverers or popularizers of the respective series .
No surviving works of Madhava contain explicit statements regarding the expressions which are now referred to as Madhava series . However , in the writing of later members of the Kerala school of astronomy and mathematics like Nilakantha Somayaji and Jyeshthadeva one can find unambiguous attributions of these series to Madhava . It is also in the works of these later astronomers and mathematicians one can trace the Indian proofs of these series expansions . These proofs provide enough indications about the approach Madhava had adopted to arrive at his series expansions .
Unlike most previous cultures , which had been rather nervous about the concept of infinity , Madhava was more than happy to play around with infinity , particularly infinite series . He showed how , although the number 1 can be approximated by adding a half plus a quarter plus an eighth plus a sixteenth , etc. , ( as even the ancient Egyptians and Greeks had known ) , the exact total of 1 can only be achieved by adding up infinitely many fractions . But Madhava went further and linked the idea of an infinite series with geometry and trigonometry . He realized that , by successively adding and subtracting different odd number fractions to infinity , he could home in on an exact formula for pi ( this was two centuries before Leibniz was to come to the same conclusion in Europe ) .
Madhava 's series in modern notations
In the writings of the mathematicians and astronomers of the Kerala school , Madhava 's series are described couched in the terminology and concepts fashionable at that time . When we translate these ideas into the notations and concepts of modern-day mathematics , we obtain the current equivalents of Madhava 's series . These present-day counterparts of the infinite series expressions discovered by Madhava are the following :
Madhava series in `` Madhava 's own words ''
None of Madhava 's works , containing any of the series expressions attributed to him , have survived . These series expressions are found in the writings of the followers of Madhava in the Kerala school . At many places these authors have clearly stated that these are `` as told by Madhava '' . Thus the enunciations of the various series found in Tantrasamgraha and its commentaries can be safely assumed to be in `` Madhava 's own words '' . The translations of the relevant verses as given in the Yuktidipika commentary of Tantrasamgraha ( also known as Tantrasamgraha-vyakhya ) by Sankara Variar ( circa . 1500 - 1560 CE ) are reproduced below . These are then rendered in current mathematical notations .
Madhava 's sine series
In Madhava 's own words
Madhava 's sine series is stated in verses 2.440 and 2.441 in Yukti-dipika commentary ( Tantrasamgraha-vyakhya ) by Sankara Variar . A translation of the verses follows .
Multiply the arc by the square of the arc , and take the result of repeating that ( any number of times ) . Divide by the squares of the successive even numbers ( such that current is multiplied by previous ) increased by that number and multiplied by the square of the radius . Place the arc and the successive results so obtained one below the other , and subtract each from the one above . These together give the jiva , as collected together in the verse beginning with `` vidvan '' etc .
Rendering in modern notations
Let r denote the radius of the circle and s the arc-length .
The following numerators are formed first :
These are then divided by quantities specified in the verse .
Place the arc and the successive results so obtained one below the other , and subtract each from the one above to get jiva :
Transformation to current notation
Let θ be the angle subtended by the arc s at the centre of the circle . Then s = r θ and jiva = r sin θ . Substituting these in the last expression and simplifying we get
which is the infinite power series expansion of the sine function .
Madhava 's reformulation for numerical computation
The last line in the verse ′as collected together in the verse beginning with `` vidvan '' etc.′ is a reference to a reformulation of the series introduced by Madhava himself to make it convenient for easy computations for specified values of the arc and the radius .
For such a reformulation , Madhava considers a circle one quarter of which measures 5400 minutes ( say C minutes ) and develops a scheme for the easy computations of the jiva′s of the various arcs of such a circle . Let R be the radius of a circle one quarter of which measures C .
Madhava had already computed the value of using his series formula for . Using this value of , namely 3.1415926535922 , the radius R is computed as follows :
Then
R = 2 × 5400 / = 3437.74677078493925 = 3437 arcminutes 44 arcseconds 48 sixtieths of an arcsecond = 3437′ 44′′ 48′′′ .
Madhava 's expression for jiva corresponding to any arc s of a circle of radius R is equivalent to the following :
Madhava now computes the following values :
The jiva can now be computed using the following scheme :
jiva = s − ( s / C ) 3 [ ( 2220′ 39′′ 40′′′ ) − ( s / C ) 2 [ ( 273′ 57′′ 47′′′ ) − ( s / C ) 2 [ ( 16′ 05′′ 41′′′ ) − ( s / C ) 2 [ ( 33′′ 06′′′ ) − ( s / C ) 2 ( 44′′′ ) ] ] ] ] .
This gives an approximation of jiva by its Taylor polynomial of the 11'th order . It involves one division , six multiplications and five subtractions only . Madhava prescribes this numerically efficient computational scheme in the following words ( translation of verse 2.437 in Yukti-dipika ) :
vi-dvān , tu-nna-ba-la , ka-vī-śa-ni-ca-ya , sa-rvā-rtha-śī-la-sthi-ro , ni-rvi-ddhā-nga-na-rē-ndra-rung . Successively multiply these five numbers in order by the square of the arc divided by the quarter of the circumference ( 5400′ ) , and subtract from the next number . ( Continue this process with the result so obtained and the next number . ) Multiply the final result by the cube of the arc divided by quarter of the circumference and subtract from the arc .
Madhava 's cosine series
In Madhava 's own words
Madhava 's cosine series is stated in verses 2.442 and 2.443 in Yukti-dipika commentary ( Tantrasamgraha-vyakhya ) by Sankara Variar . A translation of the verses follows .
Multiply the square of the arc by the unit ( i.e . the radius ) and take the result of repeating that ( any number of times ) . Divide ( each of the above numerators ) by the square of the successive even numbers decreased by that number and multiplied by the square of the radius . But the first term is ( now ) ( the one which is ) divided by twice the radius . Place the successive results so obtained one below the other and subtract each from the one above . These together give the śara as collected together in the verse beginning with stena , stri , etc .
Rendering in modern notations
Let r denote the radius of the circle and s the arc-length .
The following numerators are formed first :
These are then divided by quantities specified in the verse .
Place the arc and the successive results so obtained one below the other , and subtract each from the one above to get śara :
Transformation to current notation
Let θ be the angle subtended by the arc s at the centre of the circle . Then s = rθ and śara = r ( 1 − cos θ ) . Substituting these in the last expression and simplifying we get
which gives the infinite power series expansion of the cosine function .
Madhava 's reformulation for numerical computation
The last line in the verse ′as collected together in the verse beginning with stena , stri , etc.′ is a reference to a reformulation introduced by Madhava himself to make the series convenient for easy computations for specified values of the arc and the radius .
As in the case of the sine series , Madhava considers a circle one quarter of which measures 5400 minutes ( say C minutes ) and develops a scheme for the easy computations of the śara′s of the various arcs of such a circle . Let R be the radius of a circle one quarter of which measures C. Then , as in the case of the sine series , Madhava gets
R = 3437′ 44′′ 48′′′ .
Madhava 's expression for śara corresponding to any arc s of a circle of radius R is equivalent to the following :
Madhava now computes the following values :
The śara can now be computed using the following scheme :
śara = ( s / C ) 2 [ ( 4241′ 09′′ 00′′′ ) − ( s / C ) 2 [ ( 872′ 03′′ 05 ′′′ ) − ( s / C ) 2 [ ( 071′ 43′′ 24′′′ ) − ( s / C ) 2 [ ( 03′ 09′′ 37′′′ ) − ( s / C ) 2 [ ( 05′′ 12′′′ ) − ( s / C ) 2 ( 06′′′ ) ] ] ] ] ]
This gives an approximation of śara by its Taylor polynomial of the 12'th order . This also involves one division , six multiplications and five subtractions only . Madhava prescribes this numerically efficient computational scheme in the following words ( translation of verse 2.438 in Yukti-dipika ) :
The six stena , strīpiśuna , sugandhinaganud , bhadrāngabhavyāsana , mīnāngonarasimha , unadhanakrtbhureva . Multiply by the square of the arc divided by the quarter of the circumference and subtract from the next number . ( Continue with the result and the next number . ) Final result will be utkrama-jya ( R versed sign ) .
Madhava 's arctangent series
In Madhava 's own words
Madhava 's arctangent series is stated in verses 2.206 – 2.209 in Yukti-dipika commentary ( Tantrasamgraha-vyakhya ) by Sankara Variar . A translation of the verses is given below .
Jyesthadeva has also given a description of this series in Yuktibhasa .
Now , by just the same argument , the determination of the arc of a desired sine can be ( made ) . That is as follows : The first result is the product of the desired sine and the radius divided by the cosine of the arc . When one has made the square of the sine the multiplier and the square of the cosine the divisor , now a group of results is to be determined from the ( previous ) results beginning from the first . When these are divided in order by the odd numbers 1 , 3 , and so forth , and when one has subtracted the sum of the even ( -numbered ) results from the sum of the odd ( ones ) , that should be the arc . Here the smallest of the sine and cosine is required to be considered as the desired ( sine ) . Otherwise , there would be no termination of results even if repeatedly ( computed ) .
By means of the same argument , the circumference can be computed in another way too . That is as ( follows ) : The first result should by the square root of the square of the diameter multiplied by twelve . From then on , the result should be divided by three ( in ) each successive ( case ) . When these are divided in order by the odd numbers , beginning with 1 , and when one has subtracted the ( even ) results from the sum of the odd , ( that ) should be the circumference .
Rendering in modern notations
Let s be the arc of the desired sine ( jya or jiva ) y . Let r be the radius and x be the cosine ( kotijya ) .
The first result is .
Form the multiplier and divisor .
Form the group of results :
These are divided in order by the numbers 1 , 3 , and so forth :
Sum of odd-numbered results :
Sum of even-numbered results :
The arc is now given by
Transformation to current notation
Let θ be the angle subtended by the arc s at the centre of the circle . Then s = rθ , x = kotijya = r cos θ and y = jya = r sin θ .
Then y / x = tan θ . Substituting these in the last expression and simplifying we get
.
Letting tan θ = q we finally have
Another formula for the circumference of a circle
The second part of the quoted text specifies another formula for the computation of the circumference c of a circle having diameter d. This is as follows .
Since c = d this can be reformulated as a formula to compute as follows .
This is obtained by substituting q = ( therefore θ = / 6 ) in the power series expansion for tan−1 q above .
Comparison of convergence of various infinite series for
See also
Madhava of Sangamagrama
Madhava 's sine table
Padé approximant
Taylor series
Laurent series
Puiseux series
References
Further reading
K. V. Sarma , A History of the Kerala School of Hindu Astronomy ( Hoshiarpur , 1972 ) .
A. K. Bag , Madhava 's sine and cosine series , Indian J . History Sci . 11 ( 1 ) ( 1976 ) , 54–57 .
D. Gold and D Pingree , A hitherto unknown Sanskrit work concerning Madhava 's derivation of the power series for sine and cosine , Historia Sci . No . 42 ( 1991 ) , 49–65 .
R. C. Gupta , Madhava 's and other medieval Indian values of pi , Math . Education 9 ( 3 ) ( 1975 ) , B45–B48 .
R. C. Gupta , Madhava 's power series computation of the sine , Ganita 27 ( 1–2 ) ( 1976 ) , 19–24 .
R. C. Gupta , On the remainder term in the Madhava–Leibniz 's series , Ganita Bharati 14 ( 1–4 ) ( 1992 ) , 68–71 .
R. C. Gupta , The Madhava–Gregory series , Math . Education 7 ( 1973 ) , B67–B70 .
T. Hayashi , T. Kusuba and M. Yano , The correction of the Madhava series for the circumference of a circle , Centaurus 33 ( 2–3 ) ( 1990 ) , 149–174 .
R. C. Gupta , The Madhava–Gregory series for tan−1x , Indian Journal of Mathematics Education , 11 ( 3 ) , 107–110 , 1991 .
`` The discovery of the series formula for by Leibniz , Gregory , and Nilakantha '' by Ranjan Roy in :
`` Ideas of calculus in Islam and India '' by Victor J Katz in :
`` Was calculus invented in India ? '' by David Bressoud in :
D. Pouvreau , Trigonométrie et `` développements en séries '' en Inde médiévale , I.R.E.M . de l'Université de Toulouse III ( 2003 ) , 162 pages .
D. Pouvreau , `` Sur l'accélération de la convergence de la série de Madhava-Leibniz '' , Quadrature , n°97 ( 2015 ) , pp . 17–25 .
Mathematical series
History of mathematics
Kerala school of astronomy and mathematics
Series expansions
Indian mathematics
Wallace 's fairywren ( Sipodotus wallacii ) is a species of bird in the Australasian wren family , Maluridae . It is monotypic within the genus Sipodotus . It is found in New Guinea and the Aru Islands , where its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests .
Taxonomy and systematics
The Wallace 's fairywren is the only member of the monotypic genus Sipodotus .
Wallace 's fairywren was originally described in the genus Todopsis as Todopsis wallacii by G. R. Gray in 1862 on the basis of specimens collected by Charles Allen on Misool Island . Specimens from the Aru Islands were described as Todopsis coronata by John Gould in 1878 . Mathews established the monotypic genus Sipodotus for the Wallace 's fairywren in 1928 on the basis of the shape of the bill and the nearly identical plumages of the male and female of the species . The species has also been placed in the genus Malurus . When the species is placed in the genus Malurus , the subspecific name coronatus is preoccupied and is replaced with capillatus , coined by Mayr in 1986 .
The species ' specific epithet is named after Alfred Russel Wallace , a British naturalist , explorer , geographer , and biologist . the generic name Sipodotus is an anagram of Todopsis . Alternate names for Wallace 's fairywren include the blue-capped fairywren , Wallace 's wren , and Wallace 's wren-warbler .
Like other Australasian wrens , Wallace 's fairywren is not related to the true wrens . The fairywrens were initially thought to be related to Muscicapidae ( old-world flycatchers ) or Sylviidae ( warblers ) , before being placed in the Maluridae in 1975 . Recently , DNA analysis has shown the Maluridae to be a part of the superfamily Meliphagoidea with the Pardalotidae ( pardalotes ) and the Meliphagidae ( honeyeaters ) .
Subspecies
There are two recognized subspecies :
S. w. wallacii - Gray , G.R. , 1862 : The nominate subspecies , it occurs on Misool and Yapen Island , the Bird 's Head Peninsula , and on the north coast of New Guinea , east from Geelvink Bay .
S. w. coronatus - Gould , 1878 : Occurs on the Aru Islands , in southern New Guinea from the Setekwa River to Milne Bay , and north to the Hydrographer Mountains . When the species is placed in Malurus , the subspecies is known as S. w. capillatus . Females have less buff on the throat and breast than in the nominate subspecies .
Description
Wallace 's fairywren is a small species of fairywren , in length and weighing . Adult males have a black crown and nape with blue feather tips and a black face with an incomplete white eye-ring and white ear-tufts . The scapulars and back are rusty brown , with brownish-grey upperwings , white underparts , and brown tails . The black beak is long , broad , straight , and bluntly pointed , with a white tip . The iris is red-brown , with short , flesh-brown legs . Females are similar to males , but have a pale yellowish wash to the throat and a duller crown . Subspecies coronatus has a creamy wash to the underparts . Immatures are duller than the adults , with shorter bills and ear-coverts , along with having the crown be speckled buff instead of blue .
Little is known about its vocalisations , but hissing see see calls are given by foraging parties .
Distribution and habitat
Wallace 's fairywren is endemic to New Guinea . It is common throughout New Guinea , except on the Huon Peninsula , eastern Sepik-Ramu , and most of the northern parts of the southeastern peninsula . The species inhabits foothill rainforest and secondary growth between elevations of , although they can be found up to elevations of and in lowland plains where there is suitable vegetation .
It is typically found more in trees than in the undergrowth , most commonly from above the ground , but can be found from ground level to in the canopy . They most commonly inhabit trees with tangles of vines and climbing bamboo at forest edges .
Behaviour and ecology
Breeding
Breeding occurs throughout the year , with a peak in September-December . Out of three observed nests , two were attended by three adults each . Nests are domed structures , with a hooded side entrance near the top , and are made out of fine grass , cobwebs , and strips of palm frond , lined with finer fibres and sometimes covered with bits of moss and epiphytes . Nests are placed in vines at a height of above the ground , although one nest was built in a tall shrub at the top of a tall cliff face . Eggs are thought to be laid in clutches of two . Chicks are fed by both parents once they hatch .
Diet
Wallace 's fairywrens are thought to be mainly insectivorous , feeding on insects and spiders . They forage by gleaning and probing in forest tangles and thickets . It has been known to forage with mixed species flocks , typically in family groups of 4-8 individuals .
Status
Wallace 's fairywren is listed as least concern by the IUCN due to its large range and lack of significant population declines . They are common throughout foothill rainforest in their range . However , large-scale clearing of rainforest may be a potential threat .
References
Cited text
External links
Image at ADW
Wallace 's fairywren
Birds of New Guinea
Wallace 's fairywren
Wallace 's fairywren
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Bernardo Zanne or Bernardo Zanni ( born in 1450 ) was an Italian clergyman and bishop for the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Split-Makarska . He was ordained in 1498 . He was appointed bishop in 1503 . He died in 1524 .
References
1450 births
1524 deaths
Italian Roman Catholic bishops
Bishops of Split
Pracheta Gupta ( alternative spelling Procheto Gupta or Prachet Gupta or Procheta Gupta ; ) ( born 14 October 1962 ) is a Bengali writer and journalist . In 2007 , his work Chander Bari has been adapted into a Bengali film by director Tarun Majumdar . In 2011 , director Sekhar Das made film on Gupta 's story Chor-er bou ( `` Wife of a thief '' ) , the film was named Necklace . Few of his stories have been translated into Hindi , Oriya and Marathi language .
Early life
Recipient of Kishore Sahitya Academy Award , 2021 , Gupta spent his childhood in Bangur Avenue and studied in Bangur Boys school . He started writing from his childhood . His first story was published in Anandamela when he was only 12 years old . Later his literary works were published in many more magazines . He completed his graduation from Scottish Church College , Kolkata with Economics Honours under the University of Calcutta .
Literary works
Gupta 's first novel Aamar ja achhe was published in 2004 in Anandalok magazine . His first children 's novel Laal rong-er churi was published in the same year in Anandamela .
Bibliography
Aamar Ja Achhe ( Dey 's Publishing-2004 )
Aschorjo Pukur ( Mitra O Ghosh-2007 )
Deri Hoye Gechhe ( Patra Bharati-2010 )
Dekha Habe ( Deep Prakasan-2015 ) Jhildangar Konya ( Mitra O Ghosh-2009 ) Jole Aanka ( Mita O Ghosh-2005 ) Jabajjiban ( Ananda Publishers-2011 ) Kothao Noy ( Dey 's Publishing-2009 ) Kanchangorer Kokil Sir ( Ananda Publishers-2009 ) Kalyanpurer Kando ( Dey 's Publishing ) -2012 ) Nil Alor Phul ( Ananda Publishers-2005 ) Ponchashti Golpo ( Ananda Publishers-2010 ) Pracheta Guptar Galpo ( Mitra O Ghosh-2011 ) Rajkanya ( Dey 's Publishing-2010 ) Ranipurer Kapurush ( Ananda Publishers ) Rupor Khacha ( Ananda Publishers-2008 ) Shunyo Kham ( Patra Bharati-2010 ) Shit Khub Dure Noy ( Ananda Publishers-2010 ) Teen Number Chithi ( Dey 's Publishing-2009 ) Operation Singhaduar ( Ananda Publishers-2013 ) Jadabbabu Mithya Bolen Na ( Ananda Publishers-2013 ) Chupi Chupi Bolchhi ( Mitra O Ghosh-2015 ) Chand Pore Achhe ( Patra Bharati- ( 2013 ) Chhade Ke Haatey ( Patra Bharati-2015 ) Ek Je Chhilo Sagar ( Mitra O Ghosh ) ( 2014 ) Shey Irabati ( Abhijaan Publishers-2014 ) Shahid Bhupati Sen Colony ( Ananda Publishers-2015 ) Raate Porben Na ( Mitra O Ghosh ) 2014
Chiro Sakha ( National Book Trust ) 2010
Kalyanpurer Kando ( Dey 's Publishing ) 2012
Ej Kathuria Aar Bagher Galpo ( 2015 ) ( National Book Trust India ) Ami Ekjan Meye ( Mitra 0 Ghosh ) 2016 Sagar Hoite Sabdhan ( Abhijanh Publishers ) 2016 Swapner Charai ( Ananda Publishers ) 2016
Ektu Pore Rode Uthbe ( Patra Bharati ) 2017
Malat Khulle Bipad ( Mitra -O- Ghosh ) 2017
Mukto Abaron e ( Ananda Publishers 2017 )
Hatyakander Aage O Pare ( Ananda Publishers ) ( 2018 )
Ferat Asha Galpo ( Dey 's Publishing_ ( 2018 )
Doshi Dhara Parbe ( Patra Bharati ) ( 2018 )
Megh Mallare Baaje Hatyar Gaan ( Patra Bharati ) 2019
Diner Belateo Bhoot Dyakha Jaaye ( Patra Bharati 2019
Anabrityo ( aBHIJAN ) ( 2019 )
Nuri Patherer Dinguli ( Ananda Publishers ) 2019
DHulo Baalir Jeeban ( Ananda Publishers ) 2019
Bachhai Kawra Bhoy ( Mitra-O-Ghosh ) 2019
Ei Galpota Na Bollei Bhalo Hoto ( Mita-O-Ghosh ) 2019
Sagarer Shwab Aachhe ( Mitra -O-Ghosh ) 2019
Bachhai Kora Prem ( Mitra-O-Ghosh ) 2019
Maatir Deyal ( Ananda Publishers ) 2019
Gopan Baksho Khulte Nei ' ( Patra Bharati ) ( 2018 )
Sir Aami Khun Korechhi ( Mitra-O Ghosh ) ( 2020 )
Kabio Chhilen Joddha ( Essays ) ( Dey 's Publishing ) ( 2021 )
Nishaad ( Ananda Publishers ) 2021
Aagun barir katha * Dey 's Publishing ) 2021
Films based on his worksChander Bari ( 2007 ) Necklace ( 2011 ) Balukabela.com
Bhalobashar Bari '
Awards
BAAL SAHITYA ACADEMY -2021
BANGLA ACADEMY , SUTAPA ROY CHOWDHURY )
INTERNATIONAL KOLKATA BOOK FAIR AWARD
BIBHUTIBHUSHAN SMRITI PURASHKAR AWARD
RAMMOHAN LIBRARY SAHITYA SAMMAN
SHAILAJANANDA SMIRITI PURASHKAR
PRATHAM AALO SAMMAN
GAJENDRANATH MITRA O SUMATHANATH GHOSH SMRITI PURASKAR
MATI NANDI SMRITI PURASKAR
AKASH TV SAHITYA SAMMAN
DINESH CHANDRA CHATTOPADHYAY SMRITI PURASKAR
Notes
References
Writers from Kolkata
External links
Living people
Bengali novelists
Bengali-language writers
1962 births
Scottish Church College alumni
University of Calcutta alumni
`` There It Is '' is a song by American singer Ginuwine . It was co-written by Harold Garvin , Cliff Jones , Bobby Terry , Jerry Vines , and Curtis Williams for his third studio album The Life ( 2001 ) , while production was helmed by Jones and Vines for Big Dog Productions , with Ginuwine credited as a co-producer . The song was released as the album 's lead single in January 2001 and peaked inside the Top 20 on the US Hot R & B/Hip-Hop Songs chart . The narrator describes how he works hard and pays the bills to provide a lifestyle for his live-in lover who does not have a job , but she does not show appreciation for what he does . Due to the content of the song ( the use of the word `` shit '' in the bridge and chorus ) , a clean version tailor-made for radio play although only the original content was released on the album .
Track listing
Credits and personnel
Credits lifted from the liner notes of The Life .
Harold Garvin – writer
Cliff Jones – producer , writer
Ginuwine – co-production , vocals , writer
Bobby Terry – writer
Jerry Vines – producer , writer
Curtis Williams – writer
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
References
2001 singles
Ginuwine songs
Songs written by Ginuwine
2000 songs
550 Music singles
Linda Gaboriau ( Johnson ) is a Canadian dramaturg and literary translator who has translated some 125 plays and novels by Quebec writers , including many of the Quebec plays best known to English-speaking audiences .
Background
A native of Boston , she moved to Montreal in 1963 to pursue her studies at McGill University where she obtained a B.A . and M.A . in French language and literature . While a student , she was briefly married to a man whose surname was Gaboriau ; although the marriage was short-lived , she kept his surname as her professional pen name .
She has worked as a freelance journalist for the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation ( CBC ) , Radio Canada and the Montreal Gazette , pursued a career in Canadian and Quebec theatre and , in the 2000s , served as the founding director of the Banff International Literary Translation Centre .
Work
Her translations have garnered many awards , including three Floyd S. Chalmers Canadian Play Awards for Michel Marc Bouchard 's Lilies ( Les Feluettes ) in 1992 , Normand Chaurette 's The Queens ( Les Reines ) in 1993 and Bouchard 's The Orphan Muses ( Les Muses orphelines ) in 1999 ; the Dora Mavor Moore Award for Outstanding New Play in 1991 for Lilies and in 2000 for Michel Tremblay 's For the Pleasure of Seeing Her Again ( Encore une fois si vous permettez ) ; three Governor General 's Awards for French to English translation in 1996 for Daniel Danis 's Stone and Ashes ( Cendres de cailloux ) , in 2010 for Wajdi Mouawad 's Forests ( Forêts ) and in 2019 for Mouawad 's Birds of a Kind ( Tous des oiseaux ) ; and the 2014 Lambda Literary Award for Drama for Bouchard 's Tom at the Farm ( Tom à la ferme ) .
She was named a Member of the Order of Canada in 2015 .
Personal life
Gaboriau was previously married to Montreal city councillor Nick Auf der Maur , and is the mother of rock musician Melissa Auf der Maur . She and her late partner of 35 years , author and professor Hervé de Fontenay , have one son , architect Yves de Fontenay .
Works translated
A selected list of Gaboriau 's translations includes :
1983 — Saga of the Wet Hens ( Jovette Marchessault , La Saga des poules mouillées )
1987 — Being at Home with Claude ( René-Daniel Dubois , Being at Home with Claude )
1989 — Warriors ( Michel Garneau , Les guerriers )
1991 — Lilies ( Michel Marc Bouchard , Les feluettes )
1992 — The Magnificent Voyage of Emily Carr ( Jovette Marchessault , Le voyage magnifique d'Emily Carr )
1993 — The Eye Is an Eagle ( Pierre Morency , L'Œil américain )
1993 — The Orphan Muses ( Michel Marc Bouchard , Les muses orphelines )
1996 — American Notebooks ( Marie-Claire Blais , Notes américaines/Parcours d'un écrivain )
1996 — Stone and Ashes ( Daniel Danis , Cendres de cailloux )
1998 — That Woman ( Daniel Danis , Celle-là )
1998 — The Tale of Teeka ( Michel Marc Bouchard , L'histoire de l'oie )
1998 — Fragments of a Farewell Letter Read by Geologists ( Normand Chaurette , Fragments d'une lettre d'adieu lus par des géologues )
1998 — The Queens ( Normand Chaurette , Les Reines )
1998 — For the Pleasure of Seeing Her Again ( Michel Tremblay , Encore une fois , si vous le permettez )
1999 — The Coronation Voyage ( Michel Marc Bouchard , Le voyage du Couronnement )
1999 — Song of the Say-Sayer ( Daniel Danis , La chant du Dire-Dire )
2000 — Down Dangerous Passes Road ( Michel Marc Bouchard , Le chemin des Passes-dangereuses )
2000 — All the Verdis of Venice ( Normand Chaurette , Je vous écris du Caire )
2002 — Impromptu on Nuns ' Island ( Michel Tremblay , L'État des lieux )
2003 — Scattered in a Rising Wind ( Jean-Marc Dalpé , Un vent se lève qui éparpille )
2004 — Written on Water ( Michel Marc Bouchard , Les manuscrits du déluge )
2004 — Past Perfect ( Michel Tremblay , Le passé antérieur )
2006 — Assorted Candies ( Michel Tremblay , Bonbons assortis )
2009 — Albertine in Five Times ( Michel Tremblay , Albertine , en cinq temps )
2010 — Forests ( Wajdi Mouawad , Forêts )
2011 — Scorched ( Wajdi Mouawad , Incendies )
2014 — Christina , The Girl King ( Michel Marc Bouchard , Christine , la reine-garçon )
2015 — Tom at the Farm ( Michel Marc Bouchard , Tom à la ferme )
2015 — The Divine , A Play for Sarah Bernhardt ( Michel Marc Bouchard , La Divine illusion )
2015 — Yours Forever , Marie-Lou ( Michel Tremblay , À toi , pour toujours , ta Marie-Lou )
References
External links
Linda Gaboriau fonds ( 13930 ) at Library and Archives Canada
Living people
Writers from Boston
Canadian women dramatists and playwrights
Writers from Quebec
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Anglophone Quebec people
Governor General 's Award-winning translators
French–English translators
McGill University alumni
20th-century Canadian dramatists and playwrights
21st-century Canadian dramatists and playwrights
20th-century Canadian women writers
21st-century Canadian women writers
20th-century Canadian translators
21st-century Canadian translators
Members of the Order of Canada
Literary translators
American emigrants to Canada
Canadian women non-fiction writers
Auf der Maur family
WEFM is an FM radio station broadcasting on 95.9 MHz in Michigan City , Indiana , east of the Chicago metropolitan area . It is a member of the Indianapolis Colts affiliates radio network , and the flagship station of the Gary SouthShore RailCats .
References
External links
Official Facebook page
EFM
Michigan City , Indiana
Mainstream adult contemporary radio stations in the United States
Easy listening radio stations
Jazz radio stations in the United States
Radio stations established in 1966
1966 establishments in Indiana
Karl Kuno Thure Freiherr von Uexküll ( March 15 , 1908 , Heidelberg – September 29 , 2004 , Freiburg ) was a German scholar of psychosomatic medicine and biosemiotics . He developed the approach of his father , Jakob von Uexküll , in the study of living systems and applied it in medicine .
His mother was Gudrun Baroness von Uexküll ( Gräfin von Schwerin ) .
Career
1955–1965 Director of the Medical Outpatient Department at the University of Giessen
1966–1977 Director of the Department of Internal Medicine and Psychosomatics at the University of Ulm
Awards
Honorary Doctor of the University of Tartu ( 1994 )
Works
Der Sinn des Lebens ( with Jakob von Uexküll ) . Godesberg : H.Küpper ( 1947 ) .
Der Mensch und die Natur . Grundzüge einer Naturphilosophie . Bern : Francke ( 1953 ) .
Grundfragen der psychosomatischen Medizin . Hamburg : Rowohlt ( 1963 ) .
Signs , Symbols and Systems . In : T. Sebeok , R. Posner ( Hg ) : A semiotic Landscape . Den Haag , Paris , New York ( 1974 ) , 487–492 .
Lehrbuch der psychosomatischen Medizin . Urban und Schwarzenberg , München ; Vienna ; Baltimore ( 1979 )
Die Umweltlehre als Theorie der Zeichenprozesse . In : Th v. Uexküll ( Hg ) : Kompositionslehre der Natur . Biologie als undogmatische Naturwissenschaft ; ausgewählte Schriften . Frankfurt , Berlin , Vienna : Ullstein ( 1980 )
Semiotics and medicine . In : Semiotica 38 ( 1982 ) , 3/4 : 205–215 .
Semiotics and the problem of the observer . In : Semiotica 48 ( 1984 ) , 3/4 : 187–195 .
Zeichen und Realität als anthroposemiotisches Problem . In : Oehler , Klaus ( Hrsg . ) : Zeichen und Realität . Tübingen , Stauffenburg-Verlag ( 1984 ) , 1 : 61–72 .
Medicine and Semiotics . In : Semiotica , 61 ( 1986 ) , 3/4 : 201–217 .
Die Wissenschaft von dem Lebendigen . In : Perspektiven der Philosophie . Neues Jahrbuch ( 1987 ) , 13 : 451–461 .
Theorie der Humanmedizin . Grundlagen ärztlichen Denkens und Handelns . ( with Wolfgang Wesiack ) : München : Urban und Schwarzenberg ( 1988 )
Naturwissenschaft als Zeichenlehre . In : Merkur ( 1989 ) , 43 : 225–234 .
Die Bedeutung der Semiotik für die Medizin . In : P. Rusterholz , M. Svilar ( Ed ) . Welt der Zeichen - Welt der Wirklichkeit , Berner Universitätsschriften , Band 38 , Verlag Paul Haupt ( 1993 ) , 38 : 85–100 .
Endosemiosis . ( together with Werner Geigges und Jörg Hermann ) In : Semiotica , ( 1993 ) , 96 , 1/2 , 5–51 .
Biosemiose . In : R.Posner , K. Robering , T. Sebeok ( Ed. ) . Semiotik . Berlin , New York : Walter de Gruyter , ( 1997 ) , 447–457 .
Endosemiose . In : R. Posner , K. Robering , T. Sebeok ( Hg. ) . Semiotik . Berlin , New York : Walter de Gruyter , ( 1997 ) , 464–487 .
Psychosomatic Medicine . München : Urban & Schwarzenberg ( 1997 ) .
Theorie der Humanmedizin ( with Wolfgang Wesiack ) . München : Urban & Schwarzenberg ( 1998 ) .
References
Martin Krampen 2004 . Thure von Uexküll - Arzt , Wissenschaftler , Semiotiker . Zeitschrift für Semiotik 26 ( 3/4 ) : 421–428 .
Kalevi Kull ; Jesper Hoffmeyer 2005 . Thure von Uexküll 1908–2004 . Sign Systems Studies 33 ( 2 ) : 487–494 .
1908 births
2004 deaths
Physicians from Heidelberg
People from the Grand Duchy of Baden
German semioticians
University of Giessen faculty
University of Ulm faculty
Recipients of the Order of the Cross of Terra Mariana , 5th Class
Porcupine is the name used by three fictional characters appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics .
The character made his live-action debut in the Marvel Cinematic Universe television series She-Hulk : Attorney at Law , played by Jordan Aaron Ford .
Publication history
The first Porcupine first appeared in Tales to Astonish # 48 ( October 1963 ) , and was created by Stan Lee and Don Heck .
The second Porcupine first appeared in Daughters of the Dragon # 3 and was created by Justin Gray , Jimmy Palmiotti , and Khari Evans .
Fictional character biography
Alexander Gentry
Alexander Gentry was originally a scientist who worked as a weapons designer for the United States Army . He conceived the idea of designing a battle-suit in imitation of a porcupine : it would be covered with quill-like projections for defense . Moreover , it would be able to shoot its quills , or gases , flames , chemicals , paralysis-inducing pellets , or weapons from quill-like tubes , at an opponent . Gentry spends months working overtime to create his porcupine battle-suit . He is proud of his achievement when the suit was finished , and believes his invention is worth a fortune . Yet Gentry also believes that the government would pay him , one of its employees , virtually nothing for his creation . Angrily , Gentry decides to keep the porcupine battle-suit and to use it to become wealthy through crime . Thus Gentry became the Porcupine , one of the first costumed professional criminals of his generation .
Hank Pym , who was then the original Ant-Man , and his partner , Janet van Dyne , the Wasp , soon defeat the Porcupine while he attempted to rob a bank . However , the Porcupine succeeds in escaping . After Pym had also assumed the superhuman powers and identity of Giant-Man , Porcupine returns for revenge . During the resulting battle , the Porcupine consumes what he thinks is a Giant-Man growth medium , but which instead shrinks him to microscopic size .
Eventually , however , the capsules ' effect wore off , and the Porcupine , again at his normal size , is among the many costumed menaces assembled by Doctor Doom to disrupt the wedding of Reed Richards and Susan Storm .
His self-confidence still shaken by his failures in battling Giant-Man and the Wasp , the Porcupine eagerly accepts the invitation of Count Nefaria , a powerful figure in the criminal Maggia , to join his group of costumed agents . Among Nefaria 's agents are Plantman , the original Eel , the original Unicorn , and the Scarecrow , all of whom the Porcupine would ally himself with in the future as well . The Porcupine and the other costumed agents aid Count Nefaria in his attempt to hold much of Washington D.C. for ransom . However , the X-Men thwart Nefaria and his agents . Once again , the Porcupine escapes being taken prisoner , and he blames the failure of the blackmail scheme on Nefaria and the other agents . Gentry comes to suspect that in fact , he himself was inadequate for the role of being a `` super-villain '' battling superhuman opponents .
It is not known what the Porcupine did between the end of this venture and his enlistment as a member of Batroc 's Brigade . As a Brigade member , the Porcupine unsuccessfully battles Captain America . Months later , the Porcupine and his allies , Plantman , the original Eel and the Scarecrow , go to work for the masked criminal mastermind who calls himself the Cowled Commander on his crime spree . Once again , the Porcupine clashes with Captain America but is defeated .
Convinced that they are failures , Gentry and Leopold Stryke , the original Eel , seek guidance from the Celestial Mind Control movement , which is secretly masterminded by the alien Nebulon . Nebulon pits the Porcupine and the Eel against his foes , the Defenders , who defeat them both .
The Porcupine is then employed by the android Zodiac to participate in a crime spree . Porcupine is then employed by Justin Hammer to battle Iron Man .
Later , the Porcupine and a small group of confederates invades a major Manhattan hotel to steal the valuables in its safe . The Porcupine decides to rob the wealthy attendees at a fashion show in one of the hotel 's ballrooms . The show is being given by fashion designer Janet van Dyne , who is also the Wasp . Henry Pym , who now uses the costumed identity of Yellowjacket , is also present , as is Kyle Richmond , the adventurer called Nighthawk . The heroes swiftly defeat the criminals . Porcupine feels humiliation at being taken down by opponents the size of insects .
The Porcupine next turns up as one of a large assemblage of costumed criminals organized by the original versions of Libra and Sagittarius of the android Zodiac . This time the Porcupine is defeated by the Hellcat during a battle between a number of the criminals and a group of adventurers operating under the auspices of the Defenders .
The Porcupine goes to prison but is soon released by minions of Justin Hammer . The Porcupine agrees to provide Hammer with half the proceeds from his criminal activities in exchange for Hammer 's financial support . The Porcupine is among the small army of costumed criminals whom Hammer sends to attack Iron Man when the latter turned up on Hammer 's enormous `` houseboat '' headquarters . Iron Man defeats all of these criminals . Porcupine is soon fired by Hammer .
Tired of his long string of defeats , Gentry decides to give up his career as a costumed criminal and live off the millions of dollars he expects to receive by selling his battle-suit . Gentry totally redesigns his porcupine battle-suit , making it far deadlier than before . He enters into negotiations with the subversive organization called the Secret Empire to sell them the suit . The Empire requests proof of the battle-suit 's capabilities , so Gentry attempts to prove it in battle against Captain America . Captain America and his ally Nomad defeat the Porcupine , and Gentry is returned to jail .
In prison , Gentry vows never to be defeated again , and to ensure that , he decides never to put on the Porcupine battle-suit again . Gentry is soon released from prison under unknown circumstances , and he sets about once more to try to sell the battle-suit . He fails to find any serious buyers . Gentry tries to sell it to the Secret Empire , but is attacked by Nomad .
When most of the heroes were missing due to them partaking in Beyonder 's Secret Wars , Porcupine joins Batroc and some other villains in fighting Moon Knight and Guardsman .
Porcupine later joins a short-lived version of the Lethal Legion in their mass-attack on New York 's superheroes . He is knocked aside by a thrown printer and hit by a stray blast from Unicorn .
Gentry then tries to sell the suit to AIM , HYDRA , the Kingpin , the Maggia , the Tinkerer , and finally to the Serpent Society , but almost no one wants it , and the few offers he does receive for it are insultingly low . Despairing , Gentry comes up with the idea of selling the battle-suit to the Avengers to prevent it from falling into the hands of their enemies . Captain America is intrigued when Gentry mentions he contacted the Serpent Society , whom Captain America has been trying to bring to justice . Captain America agrees to have the Avengers buy the battle-suit if Gentry helps get him to members of the Serpent Society . Gentry accepts Captain America 's terms . Captain America 's plan is for Gentry to pretend to have captured him and offer the Serpent Society the opportunity to kill him . Gentry contacts the Society and arranges to have some of their members meet him at a lower Manhattan construction site . When the trap is sprung , in the ensuing melee Gantry trips and inadvertently impales himself fatally on one of his quills . Captain America has Gantry buried in a grave reserved by the Avengers for those who have fallen in battle , and puts his battle-suit on exhibit in Avengers Mansion , labeled `` Battle Armor of the Porcupine – Honored Foe of the Avengers '' .
Porcupine pops up as one of the character witnesses for Trapster 's lawsuit against Tinkerer . During the in-court brawl , She-Hulk notices Porcupine and reminds him that he is supposed to be dead . Realizing She-Hulk is right , Porcupine drops dead .
Roger Gocking
A person using the Porcupine identity and battle armor appeared in Daughters of the Dragon # 3 . Porcupine and other villains are attacked by Colleen Wing and Misty Knight , who were seeking information in the bar . Porcupine is quickly felled and thrown into Doctor Bong .
During the Civil War event , he is apprehended alongside Eel in San Francisco by the three rookie Beetles and their leader , MACH-IV . This group forms Thunderbolts Team A .
The Porcupine appears again in Thunderbolts # 107 alongside the likes of the Eel , Doctor Octopus , Boomerang , Whirlwind and others who in separate teams of the new Thunderbolts face massive hordes of empowered people . These were everyday people empowered by an out of control cosmic source of energy called the Universal Well Spring .
The Thunderbolts entry in Volume 12 of the Marvel Universe A-Z Handbook hardcovers reveals the new Porcupine 's real name is Roger Gocking .
During Doctor Doom 's war with Wakanda over their Vibranium supplies , Porcupine was employed by former Damage Control worker Walter Declun in Mexico to defend one of Doctor Doom 's outposts there from the Dora Milaje and the Fantastic Four .
Porcupine then begins attending Super Villain Anonymous meetings held in the basement of St. Jude 's Church . Some time later , Porcupine is forced into committing crimes for his ex-wife , Olivia , who had retreated to a safe haven for physically and emotionally battered women because she could not take the stress of Roger 's lifestyle . She uses their daughter , Kalie , as a hostage to force his compliance . After his loved ones are located , Gocking decides to reform , and begins traveling across the United States , solving crimes with Spider-Woman and Ben Urich . Once Spider-Woman 's baby Gerry is born , Roger also becomes his nanny .
Hoping to sever his criminal ties , Porcupine asks Hobgoblin to release him from his franchise contract and let him buy the Porcupine equipment outright . Instead , Hobgoblin tries to kill Porcupine with a Pumpkin Bomb so that he could use his equipment for future franchisees . Roger happens to be wearing one of Spider-Woman 's high-tech pregnancy outfits , enabling him to survive the bomb , and he begins a relationship with Spider-Woman . The two continue looking after Gerry , who they discover also has Spider-Woman 's powers .
Billy Bates
A relatively normal teenager before manifesting his powers , Billy inadvertently killed a group of human patrons at the Cafe Des Artistes who were harassing the mutant waitress Sylvie , on whom he had a crush . He took her `` hostage '' which led to a police standoff . Rather than allow the situation to become a catalyst for anti-mutant strife in Mutant Town , and because one of Billy 's victims was one of the leaders of the Louisiana chapter of Purity , Alexei Vazhin hired Sashenka Popova to assassinate Billy Bates . Vazhin then paid Sylvie and her father off to keep them quiet about the incident .
While he never officially took the name `` The Porcupine , '' Billy intended to use it as his superhero name .
Powers and abilities
The original Porcupine designed a suit of battle armor for himself composed of steel and advanced plastics that enhanced his strength and durability . The armor is equipped with a wide variety of offensive and defensive weapons built in . The outer surface of the armor is covered with razor-tipped metal quill-like projections which can be fired at opponents . The armor 's other capabilities include laser beams , concussive bombs , small rockets , tear gas , sleeping gas , smoke screens , acetylene torch flames , liquid cement , wheels giving off hypnotic lights , and high voltage blasts of electricity . The battle-suit included belt jets which allowed him to fly for short distances . Gentry was a skilled automotive mechanic , and had a master 's degree in engineering .
The second Porcupine 's armor gives him some resistance to physical and energy attacks . The helmet has a 6-hour air supply and night vision lenses . The quills do damage when striking opponents . His boot jets allow him to fly for up to 10 minutes . The Porcupine can fire three bombs or three knocks out gas bombs at once .
Billy 's offensive morphing power allowed him to sprout razor tipped spikes from his face , body , and right arm . These spikes were retractable , distorting the skin tissue to appear as acne . He could fire these spikes as projectile bolts with lethal force . Billy could also distort his left arm into a misshapen , extended form with elongated fingers and claws .
Other versions
House of M
In the House of M reality , William Bates was killed by Shashenka Popova when she stabbed him when William was trying to prevent her from fleeing the scene of a Sapien League attack .
In other media
The Alexander Gentry version of the character made his live-action debut in the Marvel Cinematic Universe television series She-Hulk : Attorney at Law , played by Jordan Aaron Ford .
References
External links
Porcupine ( disambiguation ) at Marvel.com
Porcupine I at Marvel.com
Porcupine ( Proto-Husk ) at Marvel.com
Porcupine ( disambiguation ) at Marvel Wiki
Tales to Astonish # 48 at Marveldatabase.com
Billy Bates ' character profile on en.marveldatabase.com
Characters created by Don Heck
Characters created by Stan Lee
Comics characters introduced in 1963
Comics characters introduced in 2005
Comics characters introduced in 2006
Fictional mechanics
Marvel Comics supervillains
Le Moustier is an archeological site consisting of two rock shelters in Peyzac-le-Moustier , a village in the Dordogne , France . It is known for a complete skeleton of the species Homo neanderthalensis that was discovered in 1908 . The Mousterian tool culture is named after Le Moustier , which was first excavated from 1863 by the Englishman Henry Christy and the Frenchman Édouard Lartet . In 1979 , Le Moustier was inscribed on the UNESCO World Heritage List along with other nearby archeological sites as part of the Prehistoric Sites and Decorated Caves of the Vézère Valley .
Skeleton
The skeleton known as `` Le Moustier '' is estimated to be approximately 45,000 years old . The characteristics of its skull include a large nasal cavity and a somewhat less developed brow ridge and occipital bun , as might be expected in a juvenile .
After discovery , the skull was dismantled , cast and reconstructed at least four times . During this process , the skull received considerable amounts of damage ; for example , after it was sold to the Ethnological Museum of Berlin , a dentist broke the alveolar bone to access the teeth . It was later damaged in the Allied bombing of Berlin during the Second World War , then looted by the USSR , which returned the remains of the skull to the German Democratic Republic in 1958 . The skull is now missing many parts , the teeth glued into the wrong position , and it has been dipped into glue , covered with varnish , and painted with plaster . Consequently , its scientific value is much reduced .
See also
List of fossil sites ( with link directory )
List of hominina ( hominid ) fossils ( with images )
References
External links
1863 archaeological discoveries
Prehistoric sites in France
Archaeological type sites
Neanderthal sites
Mousterian
Rock shelters
Buildings and structures in Dordogne
Prehistoric Sites and Decorated Caves of the Vézère Valley
Stig Berge ( born 28 March 1942 in Meldal ) is a retired Norwegian orienteer , and Master of Science in engineering .
Stig Berge won two gold at the World Orienteering Championships in 1970 , one individually and one for the team relay . He also won silver at the 1972 World Orienteering Championships , and bronze in the relay in 1966 . In the 1964 European Championships he won the silver in the relay .
Berge was crowned Norwegian champion 4 times between 1964 and 1971 . He competed for Løkken IF and NTHI , the sports team at the Norwegian Institute of Technology , and was a part of the winning team at the national championships in 1963 , 1965 and 1973 .
In 1970 Berge was elected Norwegian Sportsperson of the Year .
References
1942 births
Living people
People from Meldal
Norwegian orienteers
Male orienteers
Foot orienteers
World Orienteering Championships medalists
Norwegian Institute of Technology alumni
Sportspeople from Trøndelag
20th-century Norwegian people
Feroleto Antico ( Calabrian : ) is a comune and town in the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of Italy .
Transport
A railway bridge between here and Marcellinara was washed away by flood waters in 2011 .
References
Cities and towns in Calabria
Kazimierówka may refer to the following places :
Kazimierówka , Chełm County in Lublin Voivodeship ( east Poland )
Kazimierówka , Tomaszów Lubelski County in Lublin Voivodeship ( east Poland )
Kazimierówka , Podlaskie Voivodeship ( north-east Poland )
Kazimierówka , Masovian Voivodeship ( east-central Poland )
Xerothamnella is a genus of flowering plants in the family Acanthaceae , native to Queensland , Australia . A molecular study shows that it is nested within Peristrophe .
Species
Currently accepted species include :
Xerothamnella herbacea R.M.Barker
Xerothamnella parvifolia C.T.White
References
Acanthaceae genera
Taxa named by Cyril Tenison White
Benson 's Wild Animal Farm was a private zoo and amusement park in Hudson , New Hampshire , United States . It opened to the public in 1926 and closed in 1987 , after having been renamed New England Playworld for its final year . The state of New Hampshire acquired the property in 1989 and transferred it to the town of Hudson in 2009 . It has been redeveloped as a public park and nature area .
History
The zoo was founded by John Benson in 1924 as an animal-training center , and was opened to the public in 1926 with animal exhibits , a miniature train , games and exhibits .
Benson was born in Dewsbury , West Yorkshire , England , circa 1871 ; he immigrated to the United States as a young man . His career started at Lexington Park in Lexington , Massachusetts , in the early 1900s . Although he was not the owner , he ran the amusement park , which was filled with all sorts of exotic animals , a theater , a women 's resting building and other facilities . The women 's resting house remains and is now a home . At the time trolleys took Bostonians from Massachusetts Avenue to Bedford Street and dropped them off at the park 's entrance , located on the Lexington and Bedford town line . The park finally closed in 1921 .
Benson then went to New Hampshire to open his own animal park . After opening to the public in 1926 , Benson 's was expanded in 1932–33 with the addition of a permanent Wild Animal Circus . A special `` Jungle Train '' ran from Boston to Hudson on Sundays , with admission to Benson 's included in the ticket price . By 1934 the parking lot could accommodate 5,200 cars . In 1940 , animal trainer Joe Arcaris began his association with the zoo , performing acts with lions and other animals till the late 1970s .
Benson died in September 1943 , and the following year the property was purchased by a syndicate from Boston consisting of Boston Garden-Arena Corporation executives Raymond Lapham , Walter A . Brown , Charles I. Keene , and Harry G. Collier . The farm was managed by Collier , who had previously worked for Ringling Brothers and the Brockton Fair . The park was closed to the public during World War II and re-opened in 1945 . Starting in the 1960s , it went into a period of decline in maintenance and attendance . It was sold in 1979 to Arthur Provencher , who reversed its decline for a while with an influx of money . However , the farm remained unprofitable .
Toward the end of its existence as a zoo , it had a wide variety of animals , including trained lions , bears of several different species , llamas , a gorilla , elephants , monkeys , and many kinds of birds . With declining finances in the 1980s , the park added features to add family interest . After an unsuccessful association with outside investors , Provencher filed Chapter 11 bankruptcy in 1985 . In 1987 , he changed it to an amusement park , whose full name was `` New England 's Playworld Amusement Park and Zoo '' , notable for a huge statue of Mighty Mouse . This change failed to stem the decline , and the park went out of business at the end of the 1987 season .
In April 2002 , three buildings at Benson 's were added to the New Hampshire State Register of Historic Places ; the Bush Hill Road Barn , the Office and Kitchen , and the Hudson Center Railroad Station . The Hudson Center Railroad Station was moved to Benson 's by the town of Hudson from its original location on Greeley Street .
Colossus the Gorilla
`` Colossus '' , a silverback who reportedly was one of the largest gorillas ever held in captivity , was a resident at Benson 's Wild Animal Farm for approximately 20 years from the 1960s through 1987 . Colossus , whose real name was Tony , once ran for president in the New Hampshire primary as a publicity stunt . He was included among serious candidates and past presidents on a collection of presidential primary trading cards authorized by the New Hampshire State Library , where he was listed as `` Colossus G. Benson '' . Colossus moved to the Cincinnati Zoo in 1993 , after spending some time at the Gulf Breeze Zoo in Florida . He died April 11 , 2006 , at age 40 , while under anesthesia during dental work .
Revival
Benson 's Wild Animal Farm reopened in May 2010 as a town park for recreational use . There is no admission fee . The Old Woman 's Shoe , the elephant house , gorilla house and other structures are being repaired after decay and vandalism . An official grand opening and re-dedication was held September 2010 .
9/11 memorial
On September 11 , 2011 , a memorial was dedicated to the tragic events of September 11 , 2001 . A piece of steel from the World Trade Center was placed at the site of the memorial . There are also markers showing a timeline of the events of that fateful day . The pathway through the memorial is shaped to replicate the flight path of Flight 175 .
References
Further reading
Goldsack , Bob . Remembering Benson 's Wild Animal Farm . Nashua , Midway Publications . 1998. .
Jasper , Laurie . Images of America-Hudson , NH . Arcadia Publishers , 1999 .
External links
Benson 's Animal Farm ( Bensons Animal Park ) web site and message board
Friends of Benson Park , Inc .
Facebook page for the new Benson Park
Trail map for Benson 's Park , published by Town of Hudson
Landmarks in New Hampshire
Defunct amusement parks in the United States
Hudson , New Hampshire
Buildings and structures in Hillsborough County , New Hampshire
Amusement parks in New Hampshire
1925 establishments in New Hampshire
1987 disestablishments in New Hampshire
Amusement parks closed in 1987
Companies that filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in 1985
New Hampshire State Register of Historic Places
The 2012 United States House of Representatives election in the District of Columbia was held on Tuesday , November 6 , 2012 to elect the non-voting Delegate to the United States House of Representatives from the District of Columbia . The election coincided with the elections of other federal offices , including a quadrennial presidential election .
The non-voting delegate is elected for two-year terms . Democrat Eleanor Holmes Norton , who has represented the district since 1991 , ran for re-election . She ran unopposed in the Democratic primary , held on April 3 , 2012 .
General election
Candidates
Eleanor Holmes Norton ( Democratic ) , incumbent Delegate
Bruce Majors ( Libertarian ) , real estate agent
Natale Lino Stracuzzi ( D.C. Statehood Green )
Results
References
External links
District of Columbia Board of Elections
Campaign contributions at OpenSecrets
Outside spending at the Sunlight Foundation
Official campaign websites
Eleanor Holmes Norton campaign website
Bruce Majors campaign website
District of Columbia
2012
United States House of Representatives
The St. Volodymyr Museum is a museum in Winnipeg , Manitoba , Canada . It was started in Canada 's centennial year by the Ukrainian Catholic Women 's League of Canada . The museum collects , preserves , interprets and exhibits Ukrainian Catholic material .
The museum is located at 233 Scotia Street .
Affiliations
The Museum is affiliated with : CMA , CHIN , and Virtual Museum of Canada .
References
Museums in Winnipeg
Religious museums in Canada
Ukrainian Catholic Church in Canada
Museums established in 1967
Ukrainian-Canadian culture in Manitoba
Ukrainian museums in Canada
M. Saravanan ( ) is an Indian film director , best known for directing the film Engeyum Eppodhum ( 2011 ) .
Career
Saravanan began his career as an assistant director under director A. R. Murugadoss . In 2009 , he made his directorial debut with the Telugu film Ganesh starring Ram , . In 2011 , he directed his first Tamil film Engeyum Eppodhum which featured Jai , Anjali , Ananya and Sharvanand , and was produced by his mentor A. R. Murugadoss in association with Fox Star Studios . The film gained very positive responses from critics and audience alike , emerging a sleeper hit . He was honoured with an award by the Human Rights Organization for directing Engeyum Eppodhum with a `` very relevant social message which is the need of the hour '' .
Filmography
Awards
References
External links
Tamil film directors
Living people
People from Namakkal district
Film directors from Tamil Nadu
Telugu film directors
Kannada film directors
21st-century Indian film directors
Screenwriters from Tamil Nadu
Tamil screenwriters
Telugu screenwriters
Kannada screenwriters
1977 births
Farouk Kaspaules is an Iraqi-born Canadian artist of Assyrian origin , noted for his engravings and silk-screen photography .
Life and career
Born in Baghdad , Kaspaules left Iraq in the mid-1970s for political reasons . After a brief stay in the United States , he chose Canada as his country of exile and settled in Ottawa . He received his art education at the University of Ottawa , graduating in 1989 with Bachelor degrees in Fine Arts and Art History .
He has contributed to the arts community in Canada through his active involvement in artist-run centres and community organizations .
He mixes traditional Arabic iconography with modern symbols to produce works that reflect themes of exile , cultural displacement and related social issues .
Work
Kaspaules works in oils and mixed media . He also executes engravings and silk-screen photography .
During his first European exhibition in London , England , in 1993 , he established links with other exiled artists from the Middle East , specifically from Iraq . These encounters led to a turning point in his artistic production , which became more politically explicit .
In 2001 , Kaspaules 's installation …and at night we leave our dreams on window sill , memory of a place ( 2000 ) was included in the major exhibition The Lands within Me : Expressions by Canadian Artists of Arab Origin , which opened at the Canadian Museum of History soon after the September 11 attacks .
In 2016 , Kaspaule exhibited works in There 's Room : Ottawa Artists Respond to the Refugee Crisis , held at Gallery 101 .
Kaspaules has participated in some 20 solo and collective exhibitions in Canada , England , Hungary , France , Chile and Brazil .
Solo exhibitions
1993- A Personal Memory , Kufa Gallery , London , England
1995 - Non Sequitur
2000 - The Lands Within Me – Memory of a Place
2003 - State of Things
2003 - The 9th International Cairo Biennale , Cairo , Egypt
2004 - Crossing Borders
2005 - Traces
2006 - Iconoclast
2007 - Be/Longing Ottawa Art Gallery , Ottawa , Canada
2008 - Inhabitants , Centre d'exposition L'Imagier , Aylmer , Quebec
See also
Iraqi art
Islamic art
References
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
Artists from Baghdad
Iraqi Assyrian people
Iraqi emigrants to Canada
Iraqi Christians
Canadian people of Assyrian descent
University of Ottawa alumni
Pamela Beryl Harriman ( née Digby ; 20 March 1920 – 5 February 1997 ) , also known as Pamela Churchill Harriman , was an English-born American political activist for the Democratic Party , diplomat , and socialite . She married three times , her first husband was Randolph Churchill , the son of prime minister Winston Churchill , Her third husband was W. Averell Harriman , an American diplomat who also served as Governor of New York . Her only child , Winston Churchill , was named after his famous grandfather . She served as US ambassador to France from 1993 to 1997 .
Early life
Pamela Digby was born in Farnborough , Hampshire , England , the daughter of Edward Digby , 11th Baron Digby , and his wife , Constance Pamela Alice , the daughter of Henry Campbell Bruce , 2nd Baron Aberdare . She was educated by governesses in the ancestral home at Minterne Magna in Dorset , along with her three younger siblings . Her great-great aunt was the nineteenth-century adventurer and courtesan Jane Digby ( 1807–1881 ) , notorious for her exotic travels and scandalous personal life . Pamela was to follow in her relative 's footsteps , and has been called `` the 20th-century 's the most influential courtesan '' .
Raised amid acres of Dorset farmland and woods , from an early age Pamela was a very good horsewoman . She competed at shows at the International Olympia , Royal Bath and West Show , and local shows at Dorchester and Melplash . She show-jumped a tiny pony called Stardust that did a clear round at Olympia when every fence was above the animal 's withers .
At the age of seventeen , she was sent to a Munich boarding school for six months . While there she was introduced to Adolf Hitler by Unity Mitford . She subsequently went to Paris , taking some classes at the Sorbonne . Although in her Who 's Who biography she identified these classes as `` post-graduate '' work , she actually never completed a college degree . By 1937 , she had returned to Britain .
She was a descendant of the Earls of Leicester and Ilchester and the Dukes of Atholl . She was a first cousin of Lavinia Fitzalan-Howard , Duchess of Norfolk . She was also a third cousin , once removed , of Angus Ogilvy , husband of Queen Elizabeth 's cousin , Alexandra of Kent . She was also a fourth cousin , once removed , of Sarah , Duchess of York .
Personal life
Marriage to Randolph Churchill
In 1939 , while working at the Foreign Office in London doing French-to-English translations , 19 year old Pamela met Randolph Churchill , the son of Winston Churchill , who according to British writer Sonia Purnell was , `` a womaniser and alcoholic , desperate for a wife having already proposed to eight women in the space of two weeks '' . Randolph proposed to her on the very evening they met , and they were married on 4 October 1939 . Two days after Randolph Churchill took his seat in the House of Commons , their son Winston was born . Shortly after giving birth , Pamela and the newborn were photographed by Cecil Beaton for Life magazine , its first cover of a mother with baby .
In February 1941 , Randolph was sent to Cairo with the British Commandos , acquiring more gambling debts during the boat journey . Pamela was left to cope alone with a young baby and Randolph 's creditors . His letter to Pamela asking her to make good on new gambling debt of $ 12,000 ( equivalent to over $ 190,000 in 2020 ) forced her to take a £12-a-week job at the Ministry of Supply and sell her wedding presents and much of her jewellery , while keeping it a secret from her in-laws . She fell in love and started an affair with American envoy Averell Harriman , who was married and almost 30 years her senior .
She filed for divorce in December 1945 on the grounds that Churchill had deserted her for three years . Later , after having converted to Catholicism , she obtained an annulment from the Catholic Church .
Romantic involvements and affairs
Beside two additional marriages , Pamela Harriman had numerous affairs with men of prominence and wealth . When her marriage to Randolph Churchill started to fall appart , she became romantically involved with Averell Harriman , who later became her third husband ; Edward R. Murrow ; and John Hay `` Jock '' Whitney . After her divorce from Churchill she was involved with Prince Aly Khan , Alfonso de Portago , Gianni Agnelli , and Baron Elie de Rothschild .
According to American author Michael Gross , Churchill became well known for her attention to detail with men . William S. Paley , briefly a consort during WWII , said : `` She is the greatest courtesan of the century '' , meaning it as a compliment . The more critical Max Hastings said , acerbically , `` she was ... described as having become ' a world expert on rich men 's bedroom ceilings ' . ''
In 1948 she moved to Paris and began a five-year-long romance with Gianni Agnelli , a noted playboy and heir to the Fiat empire , who was a year younger than she was . She described this as the happiest period of her life . In August 1952 Pamela walked in on him embracing a young woman , Anne-Marie d'Estainville , at a party . Later that night Agnelli sustained a severe leg injury in a car accident while bringing d'Estainville home . By Pamela 's account , she nursed him back to health while he was in the hospital , then while he was convalescing in Turin they decided together to end their relationship .
Her next significant relationship was with Baron de Rothschild , who was married . He supported her financially , and she was schooled in art history and wine-making during this clandestine and short relationship . During this time she also had affairs with the writer Maurice Druon and with the shipping magnate Stavros Niarchos .
Marriage to Leland Hayward
In 1959 , she met Broadway producer Leland Hayward , who was still married to Slim Hawks . He proposed to her , and after her marriage ultimatum to Rothschild was rejected , she accepted Hayward 's offer and moved to New York City . The day Hayward 's divorce was final , she became the fifth Mrs. Hayward with the ceremony taking place in Carson City , Nevada , on 4 May 1960 . Hayward was rich with income from his productions , notably the very successful The Sound of Music , allowing for a lavish and luxurious lifestyle mostly between their residence in New York City and the Westchester County estate `` Haywire . '' Haywire also became the name of the memoirs of her stepdaughter Brooke Hayward . Her step granddaughter through Brooke was Marin Hopper . Pamela Hayward stayed with her husband until his death on 18 March 1971 .
Marriage to W. Averell Harriman
The day after Hayward 's funeral , Pamela arranged to resume her acquaintance with her former lover , Harriman , then 79 years old and recently widowed . They were married on 27 September 1971 . With this marriage , her social focus was moved to Washington , D.C. , where he owned a townhouse in Georgetown from which they entertained many notable people . Harriman , a railroad heir , was wealthy and also bought an estate in Virginia and a private jet . With Harriman 's involvement and links in the Democratic Party , her political career began . Her last marriage lasted until his death in 1986 . In later years , she had many legal problems with Harriman 's children concerning the inheritance .
Pamela Harriman served on The Rockefeller University Council from 1977 to 1979 , and on the Board of Trustees from 1979 to 1993 . She also served on the Board of Visitors of the College of William and Mary from 1986–1990 where she established The Pamela Harriman Professorship of Government and Public Policy and sponsored a scholarship in her name for three students to serve each summer at the US Embassy to France .
Political life
As Pamela Churchill Harriman she became a United States citizen in 1971 and became involved with the Democratic Party , creating a fund-raising system—a political action committee—named `` Democrats for the 80s '' , later `` Democrats for the 90s '' , and nicknamed `` PamPAC '' . In 1980 , the Woman 's National Democratic Club named her `` Woman of the Year '' . U.S. President Bill Clinton appointed her United States Ambassador to France in 1993 . The Dayton Agreement was signed in Paris in 1995 while she served as ambassador .
Death
Pamela Harriman died on 5 February 1997 at the American Hospital , Neuilly-sur-Seine , after suffering a cerebral hemorrhage while swimming at the Paris Ritz one day earlier . The morning after her death , President Jacques Chirac of France placed the Grand Cross of the Légion d'honneur on her flag-draped coffin . She was the first female foreign diplomat to receive this honor . Clinton , in further recognition of her contributions and significance , dispatched Air Force One to return her body to the US and spoke at her funeral at the Washington National Cathedral in Washington , D.C. , mentioning her public service in glowing terms . Harriman was buried 14 February 1997 at Arden , the former Harriman estate in New York .
In popular culture
Her life story has been the subject of several films and novels , including :
In the 2000 biography of Madeleine Albright , Pamela Harriman is cited in contrast to Albright , as a socialite who slept her way to the top .
In the 2015 two-character play , Swimming at The Ritz by Charles Leipart , Pamela Harriman , in need of $ 40 million to settle a family lawsuit , regales the audience with tales from her past . She and a hotel valet wait in a Paris Ritz suite for appraisers from Christie 's who are preparing to auction her possessions .
A 2020 book about Winston Churchill during The Blitz , The Splendid and the Vile by Erik Larson , details Pamela 's married life with Randolph Churchill , with whom she had Winston Churchill 's namesake grandson , Winston Spencer-Churchill . The book details the devastating toll Randolph 's compulsive gambling took on their marriage and concludes with her love affair with Averell Harriman along with their eventual marriage decades later .
Coat of arms
See also
Life of the Party : The Biography of Pamela Digby Churchill Hayward Harriman – An unauthorized biography
References
Notes
Sources
Further reading
Costigliola , Frank . `` Pamela Churchill , wartime London , and the making of the special relationship . '' Diplomatic History '36.4 ( 2012 ) : 753–762 . online
External links
The Pamela Harriman Foreign Service Fellowship
Channel 4 documentary on Pamela Harriman
1920 births
1997 deaths
Ambassadors of the United States to France
American socialites
American women in politics
Converts to Roman Catholicism
Daughters of barons
New York ( state ) Democrats
British emigrants to the United States
English socialites
American women ambassadors
People from Farnborough , Hampshire
People from Loudoun County , Virginia
People with acquired American citizenship
Pamela Harriman
University of Paris alumni
Harriman family
Pamela
American political hostesses
Catholics from Virginia
People from Georgetown ( Washington , D.C . )
Varsha Kripalsingh Choudhary ( born 6 May 1992 , Indore , Madhya Pradesh ) is a Madhya Pradeshi cricketer . She is a right-handed batsman and bowls right-arm medium pace . She played for Madhya Pradesh and Central zone . She made her debut in major domestic cricket on 28 November 2006 in a one-day match against Rajasthan . She has played 7 First-class , 63 List A and 37 Twenty20 matches .
References
1992 births
Madhya Pradesh women cricketers
Central Zone women cricketers
Living people
Cricketers from Indore
Sportswomen from Madhya Pradesh
21st-century Indian women
21st-century Indian people
Herochroma perspicillata is a species of moth of the family Geometridae first described by Hongxiang Han and Dayong Xue Dayong in 2003 . It is found in Yunnan , China .
The length of the forewings is 25.5 mm for males .
References
External links
A study on the genus Herochroma Swinhoe in China , with descriptions of four new species ( Lepidoptera : Geometridae : Geometrinae ) . Acta Entomologica Sinica
Moths described in 2003
Pseudoterpnini
Moths of Asia
Bar Sport is a 2011 comedy film written and directed by Massimo Martelli and starring Claudio Bisio . It is based on a novel with the same name written by Stefano Benni .
Plot
The film , set in the mid-seventies , tells episodes of daily life that involve regulars and patrons of a modest bar in the Bolognese province .
From a trip out of town to have lunch in a cramped farmhouse recommended by one of the customers , to unfortunate trips to follow Bologna , to the tales of the deeds of unlikely and surreal sports champions , to then conclude with the classic Christmas raffle organized by the manager : a to frame all this there is always the Bar Sport .
Cast
Claudio Bisio as Eros
Giuseppe Battiston as Onassis
Antonio Catania as Muzzi
Bob Messini as Cocosecco
Angela Finocchiaro as Old Lady
Lunetta Savino as Old Lady
Antonio Cornacchione as Bovinelli
Teo Teocoli as Renzo
Stefano Bicocchi as Buzzi
Aura Rolenzetti as Clara
Gianluca Impastato as Pinotti
Alessandro Sampaoli as Poluzzi
Claudio Amendola as Client
Giorgio Comaschi as Client
See also
List of Italian films of 2011
References
External links
2011 comedy films
2011 films
Italian comedy films
2010s Italian-language films
2010s Italian films
Alexandre da Sagrada Família ( Horta , 22 May 1737 – Angra , 22 April 1818 ) , born Alexandre José da Silva ( sometimes referred to as António Ferreira da Silva in biographies ) , was the 25th Bishop of Angra , governing between 1816 until his death in 1818 . The first Bishop born in the Azores ( and only repeated in the 20th century by António de Sousa Braga ) , known as a poet , he was the paternal uncle of Almeida Garrett , and stayed with his parents when he visited Terceira .
Biography
Early life
Alexandre José da Silva was born in a house along Rua de Santa Ana , in Horta , on the island of Faial , the eldest son of ensign José Ferreira da Silva ( native of Santa Catarina do Monte Sinai in Lisboa ) , and Antónia Margarida Garrett ( of Madrid ) . He was baptised by ouvidor Domingos Pereira Cardoso , on 2 June 1737 , in the parochial church of Horta , in the presence of his godparents Dr. Alexandre de Moura and his wife , D. Isabel Maria . He was one of ten children , many of whom followed him in ecclesiastical service , including Archdeacon Manuel Inácio da Silva and canon Inácio da Silva Garrett ( both clergy at the Sé Cathedral in Angra ) .
He participated in classes supported by Franciscan friars at the Convent of Santo António in Horta , under the tutelage of teacher and spiritual orientor Friar Ivo da Cruz . He was a diligent and talented student , so much so that the brothers stopped his instruction , claiming `` there was no more that they could teach '' . Alexandre 's father died in Horta on 18 May 1753 , when he was 16 years old .
Destined for an ecclesiastical career , in 1758 ( at 21 years of age ) he received his first tonsure , and by 1759 appeared as presbytery in a process , where he testified in Horta .
Career
On 11 June 1761 he became a novice in the Convent of Nossa Senhora dos Anjos de Brancanes in Setúbal ( later garrison and then prison of Brancanes , until its closure in 2007 ) . On 13 June 1762 he began to orate in the convent , taking on the religious name Friar Alexandre da Sagrada Família ( sometimes written as Alexandre da Sacra Família ) .
Apparently self-sufficient , Alexandre José da Silva was an exceptional intellectual , recognized for his excellent studies in theology , canonical and civil law , geography and mathematics . He exhibited an extensive scholarship , that combined good gifts of oratory and a remarkable eloquence , becoming a celebrated orator . But he adopted the trappings of a poor Franciscan friar , seeking alms between the Alentejo and Lisbon .
Orator/Intellectual
Due to his intellectual skills , in 1776 he was selected to solicit Pope Pius VI , in Rome , for the separation of the Convent of Brancanes from the Franciscan Province of the Algarve . He was able to accomplish this task and the convent , and all other functions of the autonomous seminary , began to depend directly on the General Order .
He became a famous polemicist , including his memorable arguments with Father Bartholomew Brandão , around theological issues raised by the preachings of Father Alexandre Beja on the feast of Corpus Christi in 1776 .
He was also a notable humanist and archaic poet , writing under the pseudonym Sílvio , inserting himself within the pseudo-classic French movement of the period . He frequented the `` literary evenings '' at the home of the 4th Marquess of Alorna , Leonor de Almeida Portugal de Lorena e Lencastre ( he was her spiritual counsellor ) , and who he later persuaded to enter the Convent of Chelas ( as a consequence of the Távora affair ) for 18 months . During his friendship , he produced a large body of poetry ; many of his manuscripts were lost at the time of his death .
Owing to his oratory and learning , on 24 October 1781 he was presented to Queen D. Maria I for the position of Bishop of Malacca and Timor . He was confirmed by bull on 16 December 1782 , and was consecrated in the Church of the Trinidade , in Lisbon , on 24 November 1783 , during a ceremony presided over by D. António Caetano Maciel Calheiros ( Archbishop of Lacedemónia ) , and with the participation of the Bishop of Macau , D. Alexandre da Silva Pedrosa Guimarães and Bishop of Goiases , Vicente do Espirito Santo .
Yet , even as he was confirmed as the Bishop of Malacca , he did not depart for his post , and remained in Lisbon until he was nominated as Governor and Administrator for the Bishopric of São Paulo de Luanda , with jurisdiction over Angola and region of the Congo . He obtained a papal confirmation by bull on 15 February 1784 , and departed for Luanda on 6 April 1784 , where he finally assumed the governorship of the diocese .
When he was preparing to receive the transference of the bishopric of the Diocese of Luanda , a conflict with the Captain-General of Angola , José de Almeida e Vasconcelos , 1st Baron of Mossâmedes , put him in opposition to the Portuguese government . As a consequence , the authorities refused his confirmation as prelate to Luanda . Offended , the bishop departed secretly for Lisbon , where stayed at the Convent of Brancanes .
While in exile , he was recognized as a poet and intellectual , and was elected social correspondent of the Academia Real das Ciências de Lisboa ( Lisbon Royal Academy of Sciences ) in 1791 .
D. Alexandre da Sagrada Família was in Brancanes when , in 1808 , his was selected by Jean-Andoche Junot to join a Portuguese delegation to France , to salute Napoleon Bonaparte . Demonstrating his courage and patriotism , he refused to participate and recognized the sovereignty of the Prince-Regent .
Bishop of Angra
In the following year , during the Peninsular War , friar Alexandre escaped to the Azores , settling in Angra on the island of Terceira , with his brother António Bernardo da Silva Garrett and his family .
This move began a period of his life where he interacted with his nephew , João Baptista , who would later be known as Almeida Garrett . He was responsible for influencing the young artist , counseling and orienting him into an ecclesiastical life , going as far as soliciting for him a place in the college at the Church of Nossa Senhora da Conceição in Angra . Friar Alexandre strongly influenced his intellectual instruction , providing him with a solid understanding of literature and a taste for the classics , along with conservative ideals which the young intellectual would later reject . Yet , Almeida Garret would always manifest a sincere veneration for his uncle , and dropped many references in his poems during later parts of his life .
Apparently at the request of his brother Antonio Bernardo , who was seeking the appointment of his eldest son ( also named Alexander ) to Customshouse of Porto , D. Alexander left in 1811 for Rio de Janeiro in order to petition the Prince Regent . It was during his stay in the Corte in Rio de Janeiro that he learned of the death of Bishop José Pegado de Azevedo ( then 24th Bishop of Angra ) , in the Convent of Graça , Ponta Delgada ( where he was buried ) . With the vacancy at the Cathedral of Angra , on 7 January 1812 the Prince Regent presented D. Alexander for the position , requesting the necessary papal confirmation . He returned to Angra in 1813 as designate replacement , but papal confirmation never arrived and he returned to Rio de Janeiro .
Returning the following year to Angra , he discovered the diocesan caretaker in open revolt with the apostolic nuncio , Lorenzo Caleppi , then Archbishop of Nisibi , who wanted to nominate a head vicar . A reputed canon , and bishop designate of the diocese , he was solicited to provide an opinion on the complaint . He responded on 24 July 1813 :
This Church , swears it fully belongs to the Military Order of Our Lord Jesus Christ , whose Grandmaster has in it legitimate jurisdiction , per alium exercenda , as spoken by the Jesuits . All the benefits , all offices , flow from the Grandmaster and can not , without express will and commandment it is abolished , changed , replaced by some other authority . And after various Pontificates confirmed these rights to the Order , who incorporated them into the Crowns of these kingdoms , not even those same Pontificates could , without the offense of those authorities and against the rights of those same Crowns , order and dispose contrarily those offices , benefits and positions of this Church . How could their Nuncio , by a despotic act , even as the same Pontificate could not ?
As Sagrada Família was awaiting papal confirmation which was dependent on the influence of the same apostolic nuncio , his impolite response was not left without a response . The papal nuncio delayed his process and directed his agents in the Vatican to cause Sagrada Família 's confirmation to be blocked or repealed . Although his efforts were eventually unsuccessful , four uncertain years passed , during which time the post remained vacant , even as the bishop was present on the island . Finally , on 12 July 1816 , the long-awaited apostolic letters of confirmation were issued , but still arrived in Angra without the royal Exequatur that normally accompanied these documents . Since they arrived directly , without passing through the Corte in Rio de Janeiro , the bishop maintained his residence situation and the Canon ( priest ) assumed temporary and spiritual power , as if the position was vacated .
Only four months later , on 4 November 1816 , did Alexandre da Sagrada Família become the Bishop of Angra , through his proxy , the canon José Narciso de Mendonça . On 15 December of the same year , at the Church of the Misericórdia of Angra , did solemn ceremonies mark his investiture as the new bishop .
Even at 80 years of age ( at the time an exceptional age ) he assumed his position with vigor , taking-on many responsibilities in the religious and civil life of the Diocese . One of his first acts was his exhortation of the clerical classes to collect alms in order to maintain the Catholic presence in the Holy Land .
Later life
With the vacancy of the position of Captain-General , the Bishop held the interim title for the Captaincy-General of the Azore , until the arrival of the successor , Francisco António de Araújo , who was installed in a solemn ceremony on 14 May 1817 at which he assisted .
D. Alexandre da Sagrada Família died on 22 April 1818 , at almost 81 years of age , and was buried in the Convent/Church of Santo António dos Capuchos , where he had regularly walked to venerate the image of Our Lady of Release .
Published work
D. Alexandre wrote or published little during his life , but did leave an incomplete manuscript of his public works . Of his known works , one of his acolytes anonymously published Devoção das Dores da Virgem Mãe de Deus ( Devotion of Sorrows of the Virgin Mother of God ) in 1782 , re-edited in 1817 . There is also a reference in the Obras Poéticas , by the Marquess of Alorna , that is inserted in a poem of his authorship , entitled Epístola a Alcipe , and signed with the pseudonym Sílvio .
Almeida Garrett affirmed that his uncle did translate the tragedy Merope , by Scipione Maffei , but could not remember if it was published , and the manuscript had since disappeared .
A few of his pastoral writings are still documented , namely the Pastoral do bispo de Angra , dirigida à reverenda vigararia do convento de S. João Evangelista de Ponta Delgada na ilha de S. Miguel ( later published in the Investigador Português in 1817 ) and the Pastorais ao clero da diocese de Angola e Congo ( published in the Jornal de Coimbra in 1820 ) .
António Ferreira de Serpa ( 1865–1939 ) later inserted the poem Cântico de Moisés in his published work D. Frei Alexandre da Sagrada Família .
The city of Horta later honoured the former Bishop with the establishment of one of its two main squares with the toponymy Largo do Bispo D. Alexandre .
References
Notes
Sources
External links
D. frei Alexandre na página oficial da Diocese de Angra
Biografia de D. frei Alexandre
Catholic Hierarchy
GCatholic
19th-century Roman Catholic bishops in Portugal
1818 deaths
1737 births
Portuguese people of Spanish descent
People from Faial Island
The reduced eye is an idealized model of the optics of the human eye . Introduced by Franciscus Donders , the reduced eye model replaces the several refracting bodies of the eye ( the cornea , lens , aqueous humor , and vitreous humor ) by an ideal air/water interface surface that is located 20 mm from a model retina . This , converts a system with six cardinal points ( two focal points , two principal points and two nodal points ) into one with three cardinal points ( two focal points and one nodal point ) .
The reduced eye model is used by medical students when studying refractive errors such as myopia and hyperopia ( near- and far-sightedness ) and by ophthalmologists to simplify corrective lens computations ..
External links
Diagram of the reduced eye model
`` reduced eye . '' Millodot : Dictionary of Optometry and Visual Science , 7th edition . 2009 . Butterworth-Heinemann 20 May . 2021 https : //medical-dictionary.thefreedictionary.com/reduced+eye
Human eye
Visual system
Férin ( ) is a commune in the Nord department in northern France .
It is south of Douai .
Heraldry
See also
Communes of the Nord department
References
Communes of Nord ( French department )
French Flanders
SS James Longstreet ( Hull Number 112 ) was a Liberty ship built in the United States during World War II . Named after the Confederate general James Longstreet , she entered service in 1942 , but was wrecked in a storm on 26 October 1943 and was subsequently used as a target hulk by the United States Navy .
Construction history
Named after Confederate general James Longstreet and built at a cost of $ 1,833,400 USD , James Longstreet was launched in October 1942 , in Houston , Texas , by the Houston Shipbuilding Corp .
Wartime history
James Longstreet was operated by the International Freighting Corporation . After loading cargo James Longstreet sailed independently on 27 November 1942 ( from Houston , Texas via New Orleans , Yucatán Straits , Panama ) to Australia , India , and Ceylon . Her crew learned in Panama on 10 December 1942 that the ship would not be in a convoy and would be making the 11000 mile trek alone to Fremantle , routing 1000 miles off the standard shipping lanes . She returned through the Panama Canal on 14 May 1943 . She joined convoy ZG 31 arriving at Guantánamo on 18 May , and leaving the following day with convoy GK 734 to reach Key West on 22 May . After loading a general cargo , she joined convoy HX 245 leaving New York City on 23 June 1943 to reach Liverpool on 7 July . She returned in ballast with convoy ONS 14 leaving Liverpool on 26 July 1943 to reach Halifax , Nova Scotia on 9 August , where she transferred to convoy XB 68 reaching the Cape Cod Canal on 11 August . After loading a general cargo including some explosives , she joined convoy BX 72 leaving Boston on 5 September 1943 to reach Halifax on 7 September , where she joined convoy HX 256 reaching Liverpool on 21 September . She joined convoy WP 405 at Milford Haven on 23 September 1943 to reach Portsmouth on 25 September , where she offloaded her cargo . The return voyage in ballast left Portsmouth on 7 October 1943 with convoy PW 411 reaching Milford Haven on 9 October . She then joined convoy ON 206 leaving Liverpool on 11 October 1943 . Before reaching port , she collided with the British ship West Point , on 26 October and ran aground in a gale off of Sandy Hook , New Jersey . She was refloated on 23 November , and towed to New York City where she was declared a total loss .
Target history
Instead of being scrapped , she was acquired by the US Navy in June 1944 and , after having her machinery removed , she was used as a target ship for early air to surface guided missiles , including the Pelican and ASM-N-2 Bat bombs . These tests were conducted off New York by planes flying from Floyd Bennett Field . A November 1944 gale broke James Longstreet loose from her mooring location . She was discovered drifting on 4 December 1944 , and was towed to Naval Station Norfolk on 8 December . After being temporarily moored near Wolf Trap Light she resumed work as a bombing target in Pamlico Sound ; but the sound was too shallow , and she once ran aground under tow to and from the target areas .
James Longstreet was then assigned as a target for Project Dove , where Polaroid Corporation was developing a heat-seeking bomb for the United States Navy . Earlier testing had been done using targets on Monomoy Island Gunnery Range south of Cape Cod , but the Navy wanted the system tested on a target more similar to the ships it was intended to hit . James Longstreet was towed from Chesapeake Bay on 26 February 1945 , and reached Boston on 5 March . After being outfitted for her new role , she was scuttled on New Found Shoal in Cape Cod Bay at 09:46 25 April 1945 with most of the hull above water as a target for missiles with the Polaroid guidance system , before then being used for live ammunition target practice by Naval jets from nearby South Weymouth Naval Air Station and the Air Force from nearby Otis Air Force Base until 1970 . She was then left derelict , becoming one of the most-photographed objects in the Bay , until April 1996 , when waves submerged her in deeper water during a snowstorm .
The remains of James Longstreet , also referred to as `` the target ship '' , lie approximately off Eastham , Massachusetts in of water . The site is off limits to divers due to unexploded ordnance , but the remains of the ship can be observed above the water during extreme low tides .
References
Citations
Bibliography
Liberty ships
Ships built in Houston
1942 ships
Maritime incidents in October 1943
Charles Quinn Hildebrant ( October 17 , 1864 – March 31 , 1953 ) was a two-term U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1901 to 1905 .
Biography
Born in Wilmington , Ohio , Hildebrant attended the public schools and Ohio State University at Columbus .
He served as clerk of the court of Clinton County in 1890 and reelected in 1893 and 1896 .
Hildebrant was elected as a Republican to the Fifty-seventh and Fifty-eighth Congresses ( March 4 , 1901 – March 3 , 1905 ) .
He served as chairman of the Committee on Accounts ( Fifty-eighth Congress ) .
He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1904 to the Fifty-ninth Congress .
He resumed his business and agricultural pursuits .
He served as delegate to the Republican National Convention in 1908 .
Secretary of state of Ohio 1915–1917 .
He served as mayor of Wilmington , Ohio , from November 1927 until his retirement December 31 , 1941 .
He died in Wilmington , Ohio , March 31 , 1953 .
He was interred in Sugar Grove Cemetery .
Sources
1864 births
1953 deaths
Mayors of places in Ohio
People from Wilmington , Ohio
Ohio State University alumni
Secretaries of State of Ohio
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Online Public Relations ( E-PR , Digital PR ) refers to the use of the internet to communicate with both potential and current customers in the public realm . It functions as the web relationship influence among the cyber citizens and it aims to make desirable comments about an organization , its products and services , news viewed by its target audiences and lessen its undesirable comments to a large degree . Online public relations show differences from traditional public relations . One of these is associated with its platforms . Compared with traditional public relations channels ( such as TV , radio and printed press ) , the network systems used for online public relations vary from search to social platforms . In the era of digital marketing , the major online public relations tools for the public relations professionals and marketers such as content marketing , search engine optimization are the results of mixture of digital technologies and public relations . Those approaches have become the mainstream digital marketing machines and learning to take advantage of these marketing tools is an essential part of modern public relations strategies .
Differences between online and traditional public relations
The organizations can communicate with its audiences directly through a variety of online platforms instead of depending on the media channels only
Audiences exposed to the information are linked to the network and then the flow of information is multi-directional among people
Multiple sources of information provided can be accessible to audiences
Audiences are entitled to the right to review , comment and assess
Online PR targets social media , web searches , blogs , and websites in addition to targeting traditional media outlets
Tactics
Buzz marketing means marketers first identify the Alpha consumer in terms of a new idea and technologies and then promote specifically made messages such as a funny video or email with the help of the network of those Alpha consumers . One of the typical examples was that Paper Magazine issued a nearly naked image of Kim Kardashian on their cover , then viewers who saw the photo responded immediately and made it spread quickly . As the whole version had come out , nearly one percent of the entire web activities in the US got involved .
There are relevant worries about some counter-arguments about brands reputation . Marketers are responsible for coping with unfavorable mentions quickly through online reputation management such as Google Alerts to influence people ' attitudes toward those negative comments .
The internet platforms provide organizations a variety of channels to issue timely news and information . The forms of information can vary from search to social to brand management platforms such as email alerts or news stories . These contents provided by organizations allow media channels to find news sources easily , which can increase the exposure of organizations and then improve public relations .
Link building is used to achieve and create hyperlinks to other third-party website or related site to help netizens to navigate between websites . Building high-quality links , even if the links are non-follow can have an effect on search result ranking and increase the flow of visitors to the site . Then finding partners websites to link and then increasing more traffic is involved in the daily work of online public relations professionals .
See also
Marketing communications
Affiliate marketing
References
Public relations
Digital marketing
Oconee may refer to :
Places in the United States
Oconee , Georgia
Oconee , Illinois
Oconee , Nebraska
Oconee County , Georgia
Oconee County , South Carolina
Oconee River , Georgia
Oconee Township , Shelby County , Illinois
Oconee Township , Nebraska
Lake Oconee , Georgia
Other uses
Oconee people , Hitchiti speakers that became part of the Seminole and Creek nations
Oconee War , in Georgia , USA , 1780s–1790s
Oconee Nuclear Generating Station , in South Carolina
See also
Oconi , a branch of the Timucua tribe in southeastern Georgia
Pippi may refer to :
Pippi Longstocking , the main character in an eponymous series of children 's books by the Swedish author Astrid Lindgren
Pippi , a character in the video game Mother
The original Japanese name of the Pokémon Clefairy
Damiano Pippi ( born 1971 ) , Italian volleyball player
Pippi Zornoza ( born 1978 ) , American artist
See also
Pippy ( disambiguation )
Pipi ( disambiguation )
Loris Dominissini ( 19 November 1961 – 4 June 2021 ) was an Italian professional football player and manager .
Career
Born in Udine , Dominissini played as a midfielder for Udinese , Triestina , Pordenone , Messina , Pistoiese , Reggiana , Sevegliano and Pro Gorizia .
After retiring as a player he managed Udinese , Como , Ascoli , Spezia , Pro Patria , Reggiana and Visé .
Death
Dominissini died from COVID-19 during the COVID-19 pandemic in Italy in June 2021 .
References
External links
1961 births
2021 deaths
Italian footballers
Udinese Calcio players
U.S. Triestina Calcio 1918 players
Pordenone Calcio players
A.C.R . Messina players
U.S. Pistoiese 1921 players
A.C. Reggiana 1919 players
A.S.D . Sevegliano players
A.S . Pro Gorizia players
Serie C players
Serie B players
Serie A players
Association football midfielders
Italian football managers
Udinese Calcio managers
Como 1907 managers
Ascoli Calcio 1898 F.C . managers
Spezia Calcio managers
Aurora Pro Patria 1919 managers
A.C. Reggiana 1919 managers
C.S . Visé managers
Sportspeople from Udine
Italian expatriate football managers
Italian expatriate sportspeople in Belgium
Expatriate football managers in Belgium
Deaths from the COVID-19 pandemic in Italy
Infectious disease deaths in Friuli Venezia Giulia
Footballers from Friuli Venezia Giulia
SS Manistee was an Elders & Fyffes Ltd banana boat that was launched in 1920 . She was one of a numerous class of similar banana boats built for Elders & Fyffes in the 1920s .
In 1940 the British Admiralty requisitioned Manistee and had her converted into an ocean boarding vessel . She was a convoy escort in the Battle of the Atlantic until a U-boat sank her in 1941 . None of her 141 crew survived .
She was the second of four Elders & Fyffes ships called Manistee . The first was built in 1904 and sunk by a U-boat in 1917 . The third was built in 1932 as Eros , bought in 1946 and renamed Manistee , and scrapped in 1960 . The fourth was built in 1972 , transferred out of the Elders & Fyffes fleet in 1983 , renamed Fleet Wave in 1984 and Mimoza in 1990 .
Building
Cammell Laird launched Manistee in Birkenhead on 28 October 1920 and completed her in January 1921 . She was the third of 16 similar banana boats launched for Elders & Fyffes between 1919 and 1929 . Ten were built by Cammell Laird , two by Workman , Clark in Belfast and four by Alexander Stephen and Sons in Glasgow .
Manistees registered length was , her beam was and her depth was . Her tonnages were and . Her holds had of refrigerated cargo space .
Manistee had a triple expansion engine that was rated at 447 NHP and gave her a speed of .
Manistees navigation equipment included submarine signalling and wireless direction finding . In 1934 an echo sounding device was added , and the call sign GDCX superseded her code letters KLBH .
Civilian service
Elders & Fyffes ' main route was from Central America and Jamaica to Bristol . It also served Avonmouth , Liverpool , Swansea , Barbados , Trinidad , Panama and Costa Rica . Elders & Fyffes ships carried mail , general cargo and first class passengers as well as bananas .
For the first year of the Second World War Manistee remained in merchant service . Between October 1939 and August 1940 she made trips from Britain to Jamaica , Santa Marta in Colombia , Freetown in Sierra Leone , Cameroon , and Sydney , Nova Scotia .
On 7 July 1940 Manistee was in the Southwest Approaches southwest of Ireland , returning unescorted from Cameroon , when fired one torpedo at her . It missed , so U-99 surfaced and opened fire with her 88 mm deck gun . Manistee returned fire with her DEMS armament . Neither vessel scored any hits , and U-99 broke off the attack .
Naval service
The Admiralty requisitioned Manistee on 14 September 1940 . She was armed with two QF 6-inch naval guns , one QF 12-pounder 12 cwt naval guns and one anti-aircraft gun . In December 1940 she was commissioned into the Royal Navy with pennant number F 104 . Her commander was Lt Cdr Eric Haydn Smith , RNR .
HMS Manistee was one of the escorts of Convoy OB 288 , which left Liverpool on 18 February 1941 . OB 288 dispersed in the North Atlantic at 2100 hours on 23 February northwest of Ireland and south of Iceland due to U-boat activity in the area . At 2242 ( Berlin Time ) the fired two torpedoes at Manistee at position . One hit her in the engine room . At 2256 hrs the fired torpedoes at Manistee , and claimed that one hit her stern .
Manistee stayed afloat , so at 2258 hrs U-107 fired at her again , but missed as Manistee got under way again . At 2342 hrs U-107 fired a torpedo from one of her stern tubes , which also missed . Manistee made and zig-zagged as U-107 chased her through the night . At 0758 hrs U-107 fired two more torpedoes , one of which hit Manistees stern and sank her .
The destroyer , corvette and Free French destroyer were sent to search for survivors , but none of her 141 crew was found .
References
Bibliography
1920 ships
Maritime incidents in February 1941
Ships built on the River Mersey
Ships lost with all hands
Ships sunk by German submarines in World War II
Steamships of the United Kingdom
World War II merchant ships of the United Kingdom
World War II naval ships of the United Kingdom
World War II shipwrecks in the Atlantic Ocean
Martin Gassner-Herz ( born 16 May 1985 ) is a German politician for the FDP and since 2021 member of the Bundestag , the federal diet .
Life and politics
Gassner-Herz was born 1985 in the West German town of Tuttlingen and was elected to the Bundestag in 2021 .
References
Living people
1985 births
People from Tuttlingen
Members of the Bundestag 2021–2025
21st-century German politicians
Free Democratic Party ( Germany ) politicians
Michael Lombardi ( born June 19 , 1959 ) is an American football executive and media analyst . Until 2016 , he was an assistant to the coaching staff of the New England Patriots and is a former analyst for the NFL Network and sportswriter at NFL.com . Lombardi also previously served as an NFL executive with the San Francisco 49ers , Cleveland Browns , Philadelphia Eagles , and Oakland Raiders . He hosts his own podcast `` The GM Shuffle '' formerly with Adnan Virk now with Femi Abebefe , and co-hosts a Saturday morning sports betting program on Sirius XM for Vegas Stats & Information Network along with a daily show on Vegas Stats & Information Network called `` The Lombardi Line '' .
Life and career
Early life
Lombardi grew up in Ocean City , New Jersey and played both baseball and football at Valley Forge Military Academy . He attended Hofstra University from 1977–1981 , where he played defensive lineman and long snapper for the football team .
Early career
In 1981 , Lombardi was hired as a recruiting coordinator at the University of Nevada , Las Vegas by Rebels ' head coach Harvey Hyde .
National Football League
Lombardi began his NFL career in 1984 as an area scout under Bill Walsh of the San Francisco 49ers , where he stayed until 1987 . He is credited for the initial discovery and scouting of Hall of Famer Charles Haley , who was drafted by San Francisco 49ers in 1986 NFL Draft .
Lombardi joined the Cleveland Browns organization as Pro Personnel Director in 1987 . Later , he became the Browns ' Director of Player Personnel and worked under head coach Bill Belichick managing drafts , negotiating contracts and acquiring free agents .
In 1997 , Philadelphia Eagles President Joe Banner hired Lombardi as a consultant to assist with the 1997 NFL Draft . Banner then named Lombardi Director of Pro Personnel of the Eagles in 1998 .
Later that same year , Al Davis hired Lombardi to serve as Senior Personnel Executive of the Oakland Raiders , a position which he held until 2007 . During his tenure with the Raiders , Oakland won three consecutive AFC West titles and advanced to Super Bowl XXXVII .
In October 2012 , sportswriter Jason La Canfora reported that the Cleveland Browns were considering Lombardi for their vacancy at General Manager . He was hired for that position five months later . On February 11 , 2014 , the Browns replaced Lombardi with Ray Farmer .
In 2014 and 2015 , Lombardi worked under Bill Belichick of the New England Patriots as an assistant to the coaching staff . Speaking about Lombardi 's time in New England , Belichick said , `` Mike 's ... one of the smartest people I 've worked with . He was a huge asset to me for the two years he was here ... he studies football and he knows it very well . ''
Lombardi has worked as an administrator in the NFL for over 30 years and has worked for Bill Walsh , Al Davis and Bill Belichick . Sports and pop culture essayist Chuck Klosterman described Lombardi as , `` a detail freak and a polymath , or at least a person successfully attempting to impersonate one '' after spending time with him at the Cleveland Browns facility in the hours leading up to the 2013 NFL Draft . Lombardi has also been described as , `` one of the most quiet but influential executives in the NFL . '' He has been credited as one of the first NFL executives to study the science of scouting players for moral character .
Broadcasting
As a broadcaster , Lombardi has worked for ESPN , CBS Sports , Showtime , the NFL Network and Fox Sports . He began his career as a member of the media in 1996 when he spent part of that year as an NFL draft analyst for ESPN . He also spent portions of 1998 and 1999 as an editorial consultant and studio analyst for CBS Sports as on-air talent for the NFL Today pre-game show .
In 2008 , Lombardi joined NFL Films ' Inside the NFL , a weekly Showtime series where he provided analysis alongside host James Brown and former NFL players Cris Collinsworth , Phil Simms and Warren Sapp . That same year , Lombardi began contributing to several NFL Network shows , including as an in-studio analyst and reporting live from individual games .
Lombardi was hired by Fox Sports in September 2016 . When he joined Fox , national networks president Jamie Horowitz said in a statement , `` Michael is a thought-provoking and insightful football analyst with an impressive résumé . We feel like his blunt approach and original perspective makes the FS1 shows more interesting , and the fans of those shows more informed . ''
Digital media
In 2010 , after working as on-air talent at the NFL Network for two years , Lombardi began writing columns for NFL.com , duties he performed until 2012 . Lombardi has also contributed writing to Sports Illustrated and the National Football Post , the latter of which he founded and served as editor-in-chief for three years . In January 2017 , Lombardi took a position with The Ringer where he hosted the `` GM Street '' podcast with Tate Frazier and also wrote articles on occasion for the website . He announced via Twitter in March 2019 that he had left The Ringer to work on his own podcast . He currently hosts The GM Shuffle podcast with Femi Abebefe and co-hosts a program for Vegas Stats & Information Network .
In September 2017 , Mike Lombardi made headlines by criticizing Philadelphia Eagles coach Doug Pederson : `` He might be less qualified to coach a team than anyone I 've ever seen in my 30-plus years in the NFL . '' Pederson would lead the Eagles to their first Super Bowl championship later that season .
In 2020 , Lombardi became a co-host on Hammer Dahn , a gambling podcast from Pat McAfee Inc .
Writing
Lombardi has written one book , Gridiron Genius : A Master Class in Winning Championships and Building Dynasties in the NFL , published in September 2018 .
Personal life
Lombardi is not related to Green Bay Packers coaching legend Vince Lombardi . He is an avid reader with an interest in Robert Caro 's biography of Lyndon B. Johnson . He and his wife , Millie , have two sons : Matt , who is the Assistant quarterbacks coach for the Carolina Panthers ; and Mick , who has been the offensive coordinator for the Las Vegas Raiders since the 2022 season .
References
1959 births
Living people
People from Ocean City , New Jersey
Sportspeople from Cape May County , New Jersey
Players of American football from New Jersey
Hofstra Pride football players
Coaches of American football from New Jersey
UNLV Rebels football coaches
San Francisco 49ers scouts
Cleveland Browns scouts
Cleveland Browns executives
Philadelphia Eagles executives
Oakland Raiders executives
National Football League general managers
New England Patriots coaches
American sportswriters
National Football League announcers
Arena football announcers
Daniel 'Dani ' Marín Vázquez ( born 1 August 1974 ) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a left back .
Club career
Marín was born in Barcelona , Catalonia . Having started with RCD Mallorca 's reserves in 1993 , he spent most of his 18-year professional career with local club UE Lleida ( seven seasons ) , amassing Segunda División totals of 162 games and five goals in representation of five teams .
At the end of the 2010–11 campaign , Lleida folded and the 37-year-old Marín retired from football .
Honours
Mallorca B
Tercera División : 1994–95
Lleida
Segunda División B : 2003–04
References
External links
1974 births
Living people
Spanish footballers
Footballers from Barcelona
Association football defenders
Segunda División players
Segunda División B players
Tercera División players
CF Damm players
RCD Mallorca B players
RCD Mallorca players
Atlético Madrid B players
Elche CF players
UDA Gramenet footballers
Getafe CF footballers
Gimnàstic de Tarragona footballers
UE Lleida players
Terrassa FC footballers
This article presents lists of the literary events and publications in 1524 .
Events
probable – Eyn Gespräch von dem gemaynen Schwabacher Kasten ( `` als durch Brüder Hainrich , Knecht Ruprecht , Kemerin , Spüler , und irem Maister , des Handtwercks der Wüllen Tuchmacher '' ) is published in Nuremberg , Germany , the first publication in the `` Schwabacher '' blackletter typeface .
New books
Petrus Apianus – Cosmographicus liber ( Landshut )
Philippe de Commines – Mémoires ( Part 1 : Books 1–6 ; first publication ; Paris )
Desiderius Erasmus – De libero arbitrio diatribe sive collatio ( `` The Freedom of the Will '' ; Antwerp , September )
Martin Luther and Paul Speratus – Etlich Cristlich Lider : Lobgesang un Psalm ( `` Achtliederbuch '' ) , the first Lutheran hymnal ( Wittenberg )
Martin Luther and others – Eyn Enchiridion oder Handbüchlein ( the `` Erfurt Enchiridion '' ) , two editions of a hymnal printed respectively by Johannes Loersfeld and Matthes Maler ( Erfurt ) , including Luther 's hymn `` Christ lag in Todes Banden ''
Jacques Merlin – Quatuor concilium generalium Paris : Jean Cornilleau für Galliot du Pré
Adam Ries – Coß
Johann Walter – Eyn geystlich Gesangk Buchleyn ( `` A sacred little hymnal '' ) ( Wittenberg ) , including Luther 's chorale `` Gelobet seist du , Jesu Christ ''
New poetry
Robert Copland – Epilogue to the Syege of Rodes ( London )
New drama
Ludovico Ariosto – I suppositi ( 1509 , first publication , in prose )
Niklaus Manuel Deutsch I – Vom Papst und seiner Priesterschaft
Niccolò Machiavelli – The Mandrake ( La Mandragola , first published )
Births
May 28 – Selim II , Ottoman Turkish sultan and poet ( died 1574 )
September 11 – Pierre de Ronsard , French poet ( died 1585 )
Unknown date – Thomas Tusser , English agriculturalist , poet and chorister ( died 1580 )
Approximate year of birth
Luís de Camões , Portuguese national poet ( died 1580 )
Louise Labé , French poet ( died 1566 )
Girolamo Parabosco , Italian poet and musician ( died 1577 )
Deaths
January 5 – Marko Marulić of Split , Croatian Christian humanist and poet ( born 1450 )
January 7 ( or 1523 ) – Tang Yin ( 唐寅 , also Tang Bohu , 唐伯 ) , Chinese scholar , poet and calligrapher ( born 1470 )
October 20 – Thomas Linacre , English humanist scholar , grammarian and physician ( born 1470 )
unknown date – Giovanni Aurelio Augurello , Italian humanist scholar and alchemist writing Latin poetry ( born 1456 )
References
1524
1524 books
Years of the 16th century in literature
The Ward Brothers , Lemuel T. Ward ( 1897–1984 ) and Steven W. Ward ( 1895–1976 ) , were two brothers from Crisfield , Maryland , who became famous for their wooden wildfowl carvings , commonly called decoys . Their decoys are highly prized by collectors . Few examples of their work survive on the open market , as private collectors and museums now own most of their original works . In November 2006 , a Ward Brothers goldeneye drake decoy sold for US $ 109,250 at an Easton , Maryland waterfowl festival auction . They adopted the moniker 'Wildfowl Counterfeiters in Wood ' as the motto for their carving operation . Another rare Ward Brothers bird , a Broadbill Drake made in 1936 , was sold for $ 51,750 at a January 2013 auction on Park Avenue in New York City .
Originally barbers by trade , they began carving small decoys from cedar blocks in their barber shop during slow times and to help make extra money during the winter months .
Legacy
The Ward Museum of Wildfowl Art in Salisbury , Maryland , which opened in 1992 , is named in the Ward brothers ' honor . The museum houses the largest collection of wildfowl art in the world .
References
External links
Ward Museum of Wildfowl Art
American woodcarvers
Sculptors from Maryland
People from Crisfield , Maryland
Sibling duos
20th-century American sculptors
20th-century American male artists
American male sculptors
Holger Glinicki ( born 25 October 1952 ) is a German wheelchair basketball coach , who coached Hamburger SV . He was assistant coach of the German women 's national team from 2003 to 2005 . He has been coach of the team since 2006 , during which time it has won five European championships , a silver medal at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing and a gold medal at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London .
Biography
Holger Glinicki was born in Hamburg on 25 October 1952 . He was paralysed following a motorcycle accident in 1972 that broke his fourth thoracic vertebra . He became involved in disability sports , playing wheelchair basketball for RSC Hamburg , who were the German national champions in 1983 , and played a total of 123 international games . He became assistant coach of the German women 's national wheelchair basketball team in 2003 , and then coach in 2006 . The team won five consecutive European championships , in 2003 , 2005 , 2007 , 2009 and 2011 , and a silver medal at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing .
The German team started off slow in its games against the United States and China at the 2012 Summer Paralympics , winning these games by slim six-point margins . Marina Mohnen thought that they played their best basketball only in the final minutes of a game . They defeated the Australia women 's national wheelchair basketball team at the 2012 Summer Paralympics by 44–58 in front of a crowd of over 12,000 at the North Greenwich Arena to win the gold medal . It was the first gold medal that Germany had won in women 's wheelchair basketball at the Paralympics since 1984 . They were awarded the Silver Laurel Leaf by President Joachim Gauck in November 2012 , and were named Team of the Year for 2012 . Glinicki celebrated by plunging off Canary Wharf into London 's River Thames . He was named Hamburg 's coach of the year for 2012 .
Glinicki was philosophical about the win , noting in December 2012 that there were many awards and ceremonies , but that the memory of London was fading over time . He returned to coaching his club team , Hamburger SV ( now renamed BG Baskets Hamburg ) , which included national team members Mareike Adermann and Edina Müller ( and Australia 's Bridie Kean ) . It went on to win the national championship for the eighth time in 2013 . The national team was not so fortunate , losing the European Championship to the Netherlands by a point , 56–57 , before a home town crowd in Frankfurt in July 2013 .
In April 2014 , Glinicki coached BG Baskets Hamburg to a win in the final of the International Wheelchair Basketball Federation Euro League Challenge Cup , its first International title , with a 62–54 over the Frankfurt Mainhatten Skywheelers . The team also won the Fair Play Award of the International Wheelchair Basketball Federation Europe .
Achievements
2003 : Gold European Championships ( Hamburg , Germany )
2005 : Gold European Championships ( Villeneuve d'Ascq , France )
2007 : Gold European Championships ( Wetzlar , Germany )
2008 : Silver Paralympic Games ( Beijing , China )
2009 : Gold European Championships ( Stoke Mandeville , Great Britain )
2010 : Silver World Championships ( Birmingham , Great Britain )
2011 : Gold European Championships ( Nazareth , Israel )
2012 : Gold Paralympic Games ( London , Great Britain )
2012 : Hamburg coach of the year for 2012 .
2013 : Silver European Championships ( Frankfurt , Germany )
2014 : Silver at the World Championships ( Toronto , Canada )
2015 : Gold at the European Championships ( Worcester , England )
2016 : Silver at the Paralympic Games ( Rio de Janeiro , Brazil )
Notes
1952 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Hamburg
German basketball coaches
German men 's wheelchair basketball players
The Victorian College for the Deaf ( VCD ) , located on St Kilda Road in Melbourne , Australia , is Victoria 's oldest deaf school , opening in 1860 . The Victorian College for the Deaf is Australia 's only Prep to Year 12 Specialist in Deaf Education .
Education is provided using a bilingual philosophy of teaching through Auslan , the language of the Australian Deaf community , and English as the second language . It has a significant role in the history of Australian Deaf culture .
History
On 16 February 1859 , a letter appeared in the Melbourne Argus , appealing for help for the deaf children of the colony as there were no educational arrangements for these children . Frederick John Rose replied to the series of letters from his residency in Sandhurst ( Bendigo ) and formed a friendship with the writer Sarah Ann Lewis , whose daughter , Lucy Ann Lewis , became his first pupil .
F.J. Rose was a well-educated deaf man who had come from England in 1852 and had been educated at the Old Kent Road School for the Deaf in London . Rose became deaf at the age of 6 after a bout of Scarlet Fever .
On 12 November 1860 the 'Victorian Deaf and Dumb Institution ' was opened by Rose at his residency in Peel Street Windsor .
The school numbers grew quickly within a few years and had to move three times .
In 1861 to a cottage on Henry Street Windsor , in 1862 to a house on Nelson Street Windsor and thirdly in 1864 to `` Leal House '' on Commercial Road Prahran .
After the 3 moves and with numbers continuing to grow , the Committee realised that it was time for a permanent home and a specially designed building .
In 1865 the Government made a grant of land on the corner of St. Kilda Road and High Street Prahran , and the iconic blue-stone building was built and opened in 1866 .
It is appropriate that the founder and first headmaster was an educated Deaf man , Rose a role model to many students . He proved that who you are never determines what you can achieve . If it was n't for a man dreaming so boldly , thousands of Deaf Victorians would not be the better both academically and socially as the Victorian College for the Deaf continues to be the student hub of the Deaf community .
Rose died on 1 December 1920 at the age of 89 . He is buried in St Kilda Cemetery .
Originally named Victorian Deaf and Dumb Institution , the Dumb was dropped from the name in 1949 and significantly was the first institution of its like in the world to drop the word Dumb from its title . From then onwards the school was the Victorian School for Deaf Children . Then in the year of 1995 that name was changed to Victorian College for the Deaf .
Names
1862 - Victorian Deaf and Dumb Institution
1949 - Victorian School for Deaf Children ( VSDC )
1995 - Victorian College for the Deaf ( VCD )
See also
Frederick J Rose
Deaf Children Australia
Further reading
Burchett , J.H . ( 1964 ) . Utmost for the Highest - the story of the Victorian School for Deaf Children . Melbourne : Hall 's Bookstore .
References
External links
VCD homepage
Schools for the deaf in Australia
Educational institutions established in 1860
Public primary schools in Melbourne
1860 establishments in Australia
Public high schools in Melbourne
The Meiti Riverside Park ( ) is a waterfront park along the Keelung River in Zhongshan District , Taipei , Taiwan .
Geography
The park spans over an area of 45.62 hectares which includes 4,608 m2 area of cosmos plants . It houses the Meiti Pier for transportation along Keelung River .
Transportation
The park is accessible within walking distance south west from Xihu Station of Taipei Metro .
See also
List of parks in Taiwan
References
External link
Parks in Taipei
The Rand Nature Centre is a national park in Freeport , Grand Bahama , the Bahamas . The park was established in 1992 and has an area of .
Flora and fauna
The park contains at least 130 species of native plants , including whiskbroom fern , uniola , agave and love vine . The park 's native pine forest hosts a number of bird species , including red-legged thrushes , Cuban emerald hummingbirds , La Sagra 's flycatchers and Bahama yellowthroats .
References
National parks of the Bahamas
Freeport , Bahamas
The Greybull Main Post Office in Greybull , Wyoming was built in 1937 as part of a facilities improvement program by the United States Post Office Department . The post office in Greybull was nominated to the National Register of Historic Places as part of a thematic study comprising twelve Wyoming post offices built to standardized USPO plans in the early twentieth century .
References
External links
at the National Park Service 's NRHP database
Greybull Main Post Office at Wyoming State Historic Preservation Office
Government buildings completed in 1937
Buildings and structures in Big Horn County , Wyoming
Greybull
Post office buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Wyoming
National Register of Historic Places in Big Horn County , Wyoming
Information Global Service ( IGS ) is a Japanese video game publisher and developer that was active mostly during the early 1990s . The company also operated a US division named Information Global Services Inc. in Pasadena , California .
Games
Game Boy
Astro Rabby
Vattle Giuce
World Beach Volley : 1991 GB Cup ( Sequel to World Beach Volley . Published by IGS in Japan , published by Taito in Europe , US version titled Beach Volley was to be published by Taito but it was cancelled )
J-League Fighting Soccer
Armadillo Gaiden ( unreleased , became Ultraman Ball )
Ultraman Ball
Famicom/NES
Armadillo ( developed by AIM )
Armadillo 2 ( unreleased )
Battle Stadium : Senbatsu Pro Yakyuu
J-League Fighting Soccer
Puzznic ( published by Taito internationally , port of an arcade game by Taito )
Robocco Wars
Seiryaku Simulation : Inbou no Wakusei : Shancara
Super Mogura Tataki ! ! Pokkun Mogura ( requires peripheral )
Shounen Majutsushi Indy ( unreleased )
Mega Drive
Dahna : Megami Tanjō
Super Famicom/SNES
The Rocketeer ( developed by NovaLogic )
Naki no Ryū : Mahjong Hishō-den
Aliens vs . Predator ( developed by Jorudan , published by Activision internationally )
Burai : Hachigyoku no Yuushi Densetsu
PC Engine/TurboGrafx-16
Tricky Kick ( titled Tricky in Japan )
Sindibad : Chitei no Daimakyuu
Sinistron ( titled Violent Soldier in Japan )
Sonic Spike ( titled World Beach Volley in Japan )
Cyber Core ( published by NEC in America )
PC Engine CD
Mateki Densetsu Astralius
IQ Panic
Video game companies of Japan
Video game publishers
Video game development companies
SystemRescue ( Previously known as `` SystemRescueCD '' ) is a Linux distribution for x86 64 and x86 computers . The primary purpose of SystemRescue is to repair unbootable or otherwise damaged computer systems after a system crash . SystemRescue is not intended to be used as a permanent operating system . It runs from a Live CD , a USB flash drive or any type of hard drive . It was designed by a team led by François Dupoux , and is based on Arch Linux since version 6.0 . Starting with version 6.0 , it has systemd as its init system .
Features
SystemRescue is capable of graphics using the Linux framebuffer option for tools such as GParted . It has options such as connecting to the Internet through an ADSL modem or Ethernet and graphical web browsers such as Mozilla Firefox .
SystemRescue features include :
GNU Parted and GParted to partition disks and resize partitions , including FAT32 and NTFS
fdisk to edit the disk partition table
PartImage - disk imaging software which copies only used sectors
TestDisk - to recover lost partition and PhotoRec to recover lost data
smartmontools - a S.M.A.R.T . suite for HDD health reporting and data loss prevention
ddrescue - to extract recoverable data from physically damaged HDD and listing damaged sectors
FSArchiver - a system tool that allows you to save the contents of a file-system to a compressed archive file
nwipe - a secure data erasure tool ( fork of DBAN ) for harddrives to remove data remanence , supports Gutmann method plus other overwriting standard algorithms and patterns .
A CD and DVD burner - dvd+rw-tools
Two bootloaders - GRUB and SYSLINUX
Web browsers - Firefox , ELinks
File manager - emelFM2
Archiving and unarchiving abilities
File system tools - file system create , delete , resize , move
Support for many file systems , including full NTFS read/write access ( via NTFS-3G ) as well as FAT32 and macOS HFS
Support for Intel x86 and PowerPC systems , including Macs
Ability to create a boot disk for operating systems
Support for Windows Registry editing and password changing from Linux
Can boot FreeDOS , Memtest86+ , hardware diagnostics and other boot disks from a single CD
Burning DVDs and system backup
The CD can also boot from a customized DVD which has almost 4.6 GB of free space for backed-up files . This makes it good for storing all the information that is needed from a hard drive and then formatting it . To burn the DVD , one must burn the image file first and then add all the separate files and folders . This should not affect the general way in which the DVD works . The DVD can then be used to insert those files into the hard drive using Midnight Commander .
See also
Parted Magic
List of bootable data recovery software
References
External links
Arch-based Linux distributions
Free data recovery software
Free security software
Linux distributions
Live USB
Operating system distributions bootable from read-only media
Cameron Christopher David Chalmers ( born 6 February 1997 ) is a Guernsey born British track and field sprinter who specialises in the 400 metres . The Guernsey record-holder for the 400 metres , he currently competes for both Guernsey and Great Britain .
Biography
Early life and career
Born in Guernsey , Chalmers was educated at Elizabeth College and began running with the local Guernsey Island Amateur Athletic Club in 2010 . Chalmers competed in a variety of running events in 2013 before focusing on 400 m events from 2014 onwards . After leaving school , Chalmers secured a place at the University of Bath , where he would train under Dan Cossins . In 2015 , Chalmers made his first junior appearance for Great Britain , competing in the under-20 4 × 400 m event at the Loughborough International . Chalmers won gold medals in both the 400 m and 4 × 400 m events while representing Guernsey at the 2015 Island Games .
In 2016 , Chalmers competed at the U20 World Championships in Bydgoszcz , where he set a then personal best of 46.51 seconds in the semifinals ; he narrowly missed out on the finals , eventually finishing in 9th . Representing Bath in the 400 m final at the 2017 BUCS Championships , Chalmers won his fourth consecutive BUCS 400 m title . His winning time of 45.71 broke the seventeen-year-old championship record , and set a new Guernsey record . In June later that year , Chalmers improved his own Guernsey record time , setting a new personal best of 45.64 as he won the 400 m final at the U23 England Athletics Championships in Bedford .
Senior career
Ahead of the 2017 Island Games , Chalmers announced he was pulling out in order to focus on making selection for Great Britain at the 2017 World Championships . In July that year , Chalmers was named in the Great Britain relay squad , representing the team at the 2017 European Team Championships held in Lille , before being called up for the relay squad at the 2017 World Championships . On 10 February 2019 , Chalmers won gold at the 2019 British Indoor Athletics Championships to take his first senior British 400 m title . The time was a personal indoor best of 46.26 and saw him qualify for the 2019 European Athletics Indoor Championships . On 27 December 2019 , Athletics Weekly ranked Chalmers as the third best 400 m runner in their UK men 's merit rankings for 2019 .
Statistics
Source :
Personal bests
Seasonal bests
International competitions
National titles
British Indoor Athletics Championships
400 metres : 2019
Personal life
Chalmers ' younger brother Alastair Chalmers is also a track and field athlete , specialising in the 400 metres hurdles . Their father Chris works with the Guernsey Athletics Club .
References
External links
1997 births
Living people
Guernsey male sprinters
Guernsey male athletes
British male sprinters
Olympic athletes of Great Britain
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Commonwealth Games competitors for Guernsey
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 2018 Commonwealth Games
European Championships ( multi-sport event ) silver medalists
European Athletics Championships medalists
People educated at Elizabeth College , Guernsey
People from Saint Peter Port
Service Description Table ( SDT ) is a metadata table used in Digital Video Broadcasting systems to describe the television , radio or other services contained in MPEG transport streams provided by the system . The purpose and format of the table is defined in ETSI EN 300 468 : Specification for Service Information ( SI ) in DVB systems .
An MPEG transport stream consists of a sequence of packets . SDTs are contained in packets identified by the packet ID ( PID ) 0x0011 . Such packets may alternatively contain a Bouquet Association Table ( BAT ) or a Stuffing Table ( ST ) . The type of information carried in the packet is identified using a table ID . The table ID 0x42 identifies the SDT providing information about services contained in the same transport stream as the SDT itself . The table ID 0x46 identifies SDTs providing information about services contained in other transport streams in the same network or system .
The SDT provides the following information about each service :
the transport stream id .
the service id .
whether or not programme schedules are provided in the transport stream .
whether or not there is information about the current and next programmes .
the running status of the service ( e.g . starting soon , paused , running or off-air ) .
whether or not the service is scrambled .
Further optional information may be provided about each service , such as the name of the service , the name of the broadcaster responsible for the service , service availability or service authority url .
References
External links
http : //www.interactivetvweb.org/tutorials/dtv_intro
MPEG
Jimmy Raymond Allen is a former American Southern Baptist pastor , and a former President of the Southern Baptist Convention from 1977 to 1979 .
External links
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Southern Baptist ministers
Southern Baptist Convention presidents
The Reynard 89D is a Formula 3000 car , designed and developed by Malcolm Oastler , and constructed and built by Reynard Motorsport , for the 1989 International Formula 3000 Championship .
Racing history
The 89D used one of three different V8 engines ; a Mugen , a Ford-Cosworth , or a Judd .
The model participated in the 1989 season . Thomas Danielsson won the model 's debut race at Silverstone , and Jean Alesi became the champion of the series , also driving the 89D .
A modified version of the 89D model , dubbed the 89M , was also constructed . The car was equipped with a Mugen 3.5-liter V8 engine and Formula 1 wheels and served as a test platform for Bridgestone .
References
Open wheel racing cars
International Formula 3000
Reynard Motorsport vehicles
William Kennedy Laurie Dickson ( 3 August 1860 – 28 September 1935 ) was a British inventor who devised an early motion picture camera under the employment of Thomas Edison .
Early life
William Kennedy Dickson was born on 3 August 1860 in Le Minihic-sur-Rance , Brittany , France . His mother was Elizabeth Kennedy-Laurie ( 1823 ? –1879 ) who may have been born in Virginia . His father was James Waite Dickson , a Scottish artist , astronomer and linguist . James Dickson claimed direct lineage from the painter William Hogarth , and from Judge John Waite , the man who sentenced King Charles I to death .
Inventor and film innovator
At age 19 in 1879 , William Dickson wrote a letter to American inventor and entrepreneur Thomas Edison seeking employment . He was turned down . That same year Dickson , his mother , and two sisters moved from Britain to Virginia . In 1883 he was finally hired to work at Edison 's laboratory in Menlo Park , New Jersey . In 1888 , Edison conceived of a device that would do `` for the Eye what the phonograph does for the Ear '' . In October , Edison filed a preliminary claim , known as a caveat , with the United States Patent and Trademark Office ; outlining his plans for the device , subsequently named the Kinetoscope . Dickson , then the Edison company 's official photographer , was assigned to turn the concept into a reality .
Initial attempts were focused on recording micro-photographs on a cylinder . In late 1889 , inspired by a recent encounter with Étienne-Jules Marey , Edison came up with a fourth caveat and ordered the team to change direction to work with rolls of film . William Dickson collaborated with the Eastman company to develop a practical celluloid film for this application . Initially using 19mm film , fed horizontally , shooting circular images , Dickson eventually settled on 35 mm film with a 1.33:1 picture ratio , a standard format which is still in use to this day in cinema .
William Dickson and his team , at the Edison lab , simultaneously worked on the development of the Kinetoscope viewing machine . The first working prototype , using the 19mm film , was unveiled in May 1891 to a meeting of the National Federation of Women 's Clubs , hosted by his wife . The 35mm camera was essentially finalised by the fall of 1892 . The completed version of the 35mm Kinetoscope was unveiled at the Brooklyn Institute of Arts and Sciences on 9 May 1893 . It was a peep show machine showing a continuous loop of film , lit by a small lamp , viewed individually through the window of a cabinet housing its components .
William Dickson and his team created the illusion of movement by continuously moving the strip of perforated film , bearing sequential images , whilst illuminating it by brief flashes of light through the slit in a rotating shutter . They also devised the Kinetograph , a motion picture camera to photograph films for in-house experiments and eventually , commercial Kinetoscope presentations , at speeds of up to 46 frames per second . To govern the intermittent movement of the film in the camera , allowing the strip to stop long enough so each frame could be fully exposed and then advancing it quickly ( in about 1/460 of a second ) to the next frame , the sprocket wheel that engaged the strip was driven by an escapement disc mechanism—the first practical system for the high-speed stop-and-go film movement that would be the foundation for the next century of cinematography .
In late 1894 or early 1895 , William Dickson became an ad hoc advisor to the motion picture operation of the Latham brothers , Otway and Grey , who ran one of the leading Kinetoscope exhibition companies , and their father , Woodville Latham who had lectured in science . Seeking to develop a movie projector system , they hired former Edison employee Eugene Lauste , probably at Dickson 's suggestion . In April 1895 , Dickson left Edison 's employ and provided some assistance to the Latham outfit . Alongside Lauste , he may have devised what would become known as the Latham loop , allowing the photography and exhibition of much longer filmstrips than had previously been possible . This idea had first been made public in 1890 in descriptions of the moving picture camera of William Friese-Greene . These former Edison associates helped to design the Eidoloscope projector system and a widescreen camera to film with , which would be used in the first commercial movie screening in world history on 20 May 1895 . But Dickson soon parted company with them , to become part of the group that formed the American Mutoscope and Biograph Company , returning permanently to work in the United Kingdom in 1897 for the British side of the company . William Dickson was the first person to make a film of the Pope , and at the time his Biograph camera was blessed by Pope Leo XIII .
The Mutoscope machines produced moving images by means of a revolving drum of photographs/frames , similar in concept to flip-books , taken from an actual piece of film . They were often featured at seaside locations , showing ( usually ) sequences of women undressing or acting as an artist 's model . In Britain , they became known as `` What the butler saw '' machines , taking the name from one of the first and most famous softcore reels .
Death
His association with Biograph ended inexplicably in 1911 . Dickson spent his last years quietly in his house in Twickenham , England . He died on September 28 , 1935 , at the age of 75 . He died without being given credit for his contributions to the history of modern filmography . This omission was corrected by the exhaustive research of Gordon Hendricks and Paul Spehr who revealed the full extent of his contributions to many moving picture projects .
Legacy
Dickson was the first to direct and likely star in a film with live recording . In 1894 , he directed The Dickson Experimental Sound Film . A man ( likely Dickson ) played `` The Song of the Cabin Boy '' on the violin into a megaphone used for a partially off-camera phonograph . The film was the first to use the Kinetophone , the first device used in the earliest sound films .
Publications
The Biograph in Battle ( T. Fisher Unwin , London 1901 ) . ( reprinted Flicks Books , UK , 1995 ) .
History of the Kinetograph , Kinetoscope , and Kinetophonograph ( with Antonia Dickson , MOMA Publications 2000 Facsimile of Dickson 's own copy of the book published in 1895 )
An Authentic Life of Edison . The Life and Inventions of Thomas Alva Edison . ( with Antonia Dickson , 8 volumes . New-York . Thomas Y. Crowell & Co. 1894 )
Timeline , the history of editing ( John Buck 2018 ) . ( incl Dickson inventions ) ( Tablo Books ) .
See also
The Dickson Experimental Sound Film
Blacksmith Scene
Fred Ott 's Sneeze
Edison 's Black Maria
List of people on stamps of the United States
Eugene Lauste
List of William Kennedy Dickson films
References
John Barnes , Filming the Boer War ( Bishopsgate Press , UK,1992 )
Eileen Bowser , The Transformation of Cinema , 1907–1915 ( Charles Scribner 's Sons , USA , 1990 )
Richard Brown and Barry Anthony , A Victorian Film Enterprise : The History of the British Mutoscope and Biograph Company ( Flicks Books , UK,1997 )
Charles Musser , The Emergence of Cinema : the American Screen to 1907 ( Charles Scribner 's Sons , USA , 1990 )
Charles Musser , Before the Nickelodeon : Edwin S Porter and the Edison Manufacturing Company ( University of California Press , USA , 1991 )
William and Antonia Dickson , History of the Kinetograph , Kinetoscope , and Kinetophonograph ( MOMA Publications 2000 )
Gordon Hendricks , The Edison Motion Picture Myth ( Arno Press , USA , 1972 )
Ray Phillips , Edison 's Kinetoscope and its Films – a History to 1896 ( Flicks Books , UK , 1997 )
Paul Spehr , The Man Who Made Movies : W.K.L . Dickson ( John Libbey Publishing Ltd , UK , 2008 )
External links
www.ucl.ac.uk
Biography of Dickson
Adventures in motion pictures The Scotsman newspaper
Dickson Greeting - Library of Congress
Two cats in a boxing match
earlycinema.com - W.K.L Dickson
1860 births
1935 deaths
People from Ille-et-Vilaine
Cinema pioneers
Scottish cinematographers
Scottish inventors
19th-century Scottish photographers
Edison Pioneers
Scottish engineers
Scottish non-fiction writers
19th-century Scottish businesspeople
19th-century Scottish writers
20th-century Scottish writers
British cinema pioneers
Scottish expatriates in the United States
Jane Chika Oranika ( born March 9 , 1997 ) , known mononymously as Chika ( often stylized CHIKA ) , is an American rapper . She first garnered attention on social media before signing to Warner Records in 2019 . The following year , she was included in XXLs 2020 Freshman Class and was nominated for the Grammy Award for Best New Artist .
Early life
Chika was born in Montgomery , Alabama . Because of her interest in music and slam poetry , she attended Booker T. Washington Magnet High School . She was accepted at the prestigious Berklee College of Music , but due to tuition costs , she enrolled at the University of South Alabama instead . She dropped out after her first year to focus on a music career .
Career
Music
Chika first gained widespread attention following an Instagram post from November 9 , 2016 , the day after the 2016 United States presidential election . In the video , she covers herself in pale foundation , saying `` African-American ? Never felt that , never heard of that , never tasted that , never smelled that '' . Early in 2017 , she created the # EgoChallenge , using the Beyoncé song of that title to promote body positivity and self-love . That year she also released a Pride-themed remix of Ed Sheeran 's `` Shape of You '' . On June 4 , 2017 she released an independent EP of poetry called Full Bloom .
In 2018 , Chika went viral for a freestyle addressed at Kanye West over West 's own `` Jesus Walks '' beat . The freestyle concerned West 's support for Donald Trump and caught the attention of Jada Pinkett Smith , Sean `` Diddy '' Combs , and Erykah Badu . She later released a freestyle dedicated to Nia Wilson . In August 2018 , she featured on Rachel Crow 's single `` Coulda Told Me '' .
Chika released her debut single , `` No Squares '' , in April 2019 . The following month , at the invitation of guest host Lena Waithe , she performed `` Richey v. Alabama '' , another of her songs , on Jimmy Kimmel Live ! . The song dealt with the state of Alabama 's 2019 abortion bill and was named for a friend of Chika 's . That summer , she signed a deal with Warner Records . Chika released two more singles as a lead artist in 2019 : `` High Rises '' and `` Ca n't Explain It '' featuring Charlie Wilson . That year , she also featured on JoJo 's `` Sabotage '' , which reached number 18 on the Billboard US R & B Digital Downloads .
In December 2019 , Chika announced that she was working on her debut extended play titled Industry Games . On January 23 , 2020 , Chika confirmed the title and posted snippets of music from the EP , telling followers the release was two months away . She released the EP 's titular single on February 18 . The EP was released on March 12 , 2020 .
On August 11 , 2020 , Chika was included on XXLs 2020 Freshman Class . She was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best New Artist . and a NAACP Image Award for Outstanding New Artist . On March 11 , 2021 Chika announced that her second EP Once Upon A Time would be released at midnight .
On April 10 , 2021 , Chika posted a widely publicized note to her Twitter account explaining her decision to retire from music while reflecting on the `` mental toll '' that life as a musician in the spotlight had taken on her health . In an Instagram Live session in which she interacted with fans following her initial retirement announcement , she criticized `` trolls '' or `` stans '' who `` dogpile on top of people 's other mental problems and make them worse . '' She specifically cited the effects of online abuse on her ongoing battle with depression on her decision , although she left a small possibility for a comeback in her final statement .
Films
Chika had a role as a high school student in the 2020 Netflix Original film Project Power . She also contributed the track `` My Power '' .
Fashion
In May 2019 , Chika featured in a Calvin Klein # MyCalvins advertisement , also writing poetry for the brand 's S/S 2019 campaign . That same year , she participated in a Business of Fashion panel at Paris Fashion Week and posed for the December cover of Teen Vogue . She was recognized by Business of Fashion as one of the top 500 people shaping the fashion industry in 2019 .
Personal life
Chika is the youngest of her Nigerian-American parents ' three daughters . She is of Igbo descent and was raised in the Pentecostal faith .
Chika identifies as bisexual and addresses her sexuality in her music and videos . In her video for `` Ca n't Explain It '' , she put her own spin on A Different World , one of her favorite sitcoms .
On May 30 , 2020 , Chika was briefly detained by police at a Los Angeles protest following the police murder of George Floyd . She addressed the incident on social media the following day , emphasizing the peaceful nature of the demonstration prior to police involvement .
Discography
Extended plays
Singles
As lead artist
As featured artist
Music videos
Awards and nominations
References
1997 births
African-American women rappers
African-American poets
African-American songwriters
American women songwriters
American people of Nigerian descent
American spoken word poets
Bisexual musicians
LGBT rappers
Bisexual women
LGBT African Americans
LGBT people from Alabama
American LGBT poets
LGBT songwriters
GLAAD Media Awards winners
Living people
Musicians from Montgomery , Alabama
Poets from Alabama
Rappers from Alabama
Songwriters from Alabama
University of South Alabama alumni
21st-century African-American people
21st-century LGBT people
21st-century African-American women
Francis Fenwick , D.D . ( 1645–1694 ) , was an English Benedictine monk .
Fenwick was born in London in 1645 , entered the convent of St. Edmund , Paris , where he was professed 1 November 1664 . He was created a doctor of the Sorbonne , and afterwards elected prior of St. Edmund 's in 1689 . He was an eloquent preacher and in great repute with James II , who sent him as his agent to the court of Rome . Afterwards the general chapter of the order appointed him abbot-president of the college of St. Gregory at Rome . He died in that city on 30 October 1694 , and was buried in the chapel of the English College .
References
1645 births
1694 deaths
17th-century English people
English Benedictines
Roman Catholic clergy from London
John Franklin McKinney ( April 12 , 1827 – June 13 , 1903 ) was an American lawyer and politician who served two non-consecutive terms as a U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1863 to 1865 and again from 1871 to 1873 .
Early life and career
Born near Piqua , Ohio , McKinney attended the country and private schools , the Piqua Academy , and the Ohio Wesleyan College , Delaware , Ohio .
He studied law .
He was admitted to the bar in 1850 and commenced practice in Piqua .
He served as delegate to all the Democratic National Conventions from 1850 to 1888 .
Congress
McKinney was elected as a Democrat to the Thirty-eighth Congress ( March 4 , 1863 – March 3 , 1865 ) .
He was an unsuccessful candidate in 1864 for reelection to the Thirty-ninth Congress .
McKinney was again elected to the Forty-second Congress ( March 4 , 1871 – March 3 , 1873 ) .
He was not a candidate for renomination in 1872 .
Later career and death
He resumed the practice of law .
He served as chairman of the Democratic State executive committee in 1879 and 1880 .
He died in Piqua , Ohio , June 13 , 1903 .
He was interred in Forest Hill Cemetery .
In 1853 McKinney married Louisa Wood , who had seven children . He was a Freemason .
Notes
References
Sources
1827 births
1903 deaths
People from Piqua , Ohio
Ohio Wesleyan University alumni
19th-century American politicians
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Leona Maricle ( December 23 , 1905 – March 25 , 1988 ) was an American stage and film actress known for `` distinctive characterizations of colorful ladies . ''
Maricle was a graduate of the College of Industrial Arts . Her Broadway debut came in The Trial of Mary Dugan ( 1927 ) . Her final appearance on Broadway was in Never Too Late ( 1962 ) .
In the mid-1930s , she and her husband were active in summer stock theatre in Skowhegan , Maine .
Her husband , Louis Jean Heydt , was a character actor in films from the 1930s through the 1950s . They divorced . She did not remarry but he did .
On March 25 , 1988 , Maricle died of an apparent heart attack in her apartment in Manhattan . Her obituary in The New York Times gave her age as 81 . She was survived by a cousin , Marijane Maricle of Manhattan , and a niece , Joan Hickman of Lake Charles , Louisiana .
Selected filmography
O'Shaughnessy 's Boy ( 1935 )
Theodora Goes Wild ( 1936 )
Women of Glamour ( 1937 )
Woman Chases Man ( 1937 )
The Lone Wolf in Paris ( 1938 )
Curtain Call ( 1940 )
Underage ( 1941 )
My Reputation ( 1946 )
References
Bibliography
Blottner , Gene . Columbia Noir : A Complete Filmography , 1940-1962 . McFarland , 2015 .
External links
1905 births
1988 deaths
American film actresses
American stage actresses
Actresses from Texas
People from Wichita Falls , Texas
20th-century American actresses
The following articles contain lists of affiliates of the CBS television network :
List of CBS television affiliates ( by U.S. state )
List of CBS television affiliates ( table )
See also
List of ABC television affiliates ( by U.S. state )
List of ABC television affiliates ( table )
List of NBC television affiliates ( by U.S. state )
List of NBC television affiliates ( table )
Lists of ABC television affiliates
Lists of NBC television affiliates
Sheila Orr ( born 1949 or 1950 ) is a Canadian politician , who represented the electoral district of Victoria-Hillside in the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia from 2001 to 2005 . She sat as a member of the BC Liberal Party .
Electoral record
References
External links
Profile at the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia
British Columbia Liberal Party MLAs
Politicians from Victoria , British Columbia
Women MLAs in British Columbia
Living people
Candidates in the 2006 Canadian federal election
Liberal Party of Canada candidates for the Canadian House of Commons
21st-century Canadian women politicians
Year of birth uncertain
Herrgårdsost ( Manorhouse cheese ) is a semi-hard Swedish cheese made from cow 's milk . The aged cheese has a mild , nutty and creamy taste . The cheese has small round holes and a waxed surface . Herrgårdsost is usually manufactured in wheels about in diameter and wide , weighing around .
Herrgårdsost began to be manufactured at Swedish manor houses in the 19th century . Herrgårdsost usually starts as pasteurized part-skim milk . Bacterial starters are introduced including lactic acid bacteria , which acidify the milk , and propionic bacteria , which are responsible for producing the carbon dioxide that creates the holes . The soured milk is curdled with rennet and heated to no higher than . The whey is drained and the curd is pressed , forming a wheel , which is then salted in brine . The cheese wheels are later coated in wax . They are aged in this state usually for at least three or four months , but often up to one or two years .
See also
References
Other sources
p. 58
Swedish cheeses
Cow's-milk cheeses
Club Mercedes is an Argentine sports club located in the city of Mercedes in Buenos Aires Province . Having been established in 1875 , the club is regarded as the oldest association football club still in existence in Argentina .
The football team will play in Primera D , one of two leagues that form the fifth division of the Argentine football league system since the 2022 season . Until then , it had played in Torneo Federal C , a now defunct regionalised 5° division , where Mercedes participated in the 2017 season .
At regional level , Mercedes also played in the `` Liga Mercedina '' , the league where clubs from Mercedes and other cities around ( such as San Antonio de Areco , Luján or Zárate among others ) participate .
Apart from football , other sports practised at the club are basketball , roller skating , swimming and tennis .
History
Club Mercedes was founded by Dr. Manuel Lanchenhein under the name `` Club Social '' . It was the institution chosen by the traditional families of Mercedes , who used to attend the conferences , banquets and dances held by the club .
In 1935 , the Club Social merged with Club Deportivo , forming current `` Club Mercedes ''
The football team is the most winning of Liga Mercedina , with 19 championships won . The club has also played the Torneo Argentino C and Torneo Argentino B several times . In 2012 , Mercedes debuted in Copa Argentina but the team was eliminated in the first stage .
In 2016 Mercedes debuted in the Torneo Federal C , the regionalised 5th level of Argentine football system ( and lowest division ) that had a total of 266 teams that season . Mercedes placed 4th of 4 in the Zona 22 being eliminated in the first round .
In April 2022 , it was announced that Mercedes 's request for affiliation to the Argentine Football Association ( AFA ) had been accepted therefore the team will play in Primera D Metropolitana since the 2022 season . The last club to be affiliated to AFA prior to Mercedes had been Real Pilar in 2017 . It was announced that only under-23 players would be allowed to play for the senior squad .
Titles
Regional
Liga Mercedina ( 18 ) : 1981 , 1984 , 1985 , 1986 , 1987 , 1988 , 1989 , 1990 , 1991 , 1992 , 1993 , 1996 , 1997 , 2000 2001 , 2002 , 2004 , 2005
Torneo Provincial ( 1 ) : 1993
References
External links
M
M
M
Samuel Fagerholm ( born 10 October 1992 ) is a Finnish football manager and a former footballer , currently managing Åland United in the Finnish Naisten Liiga , women 's premier division . He has played for Sunds IFFK as a defender . He made one appearance in the Finnish top football division ( Veikkausliiga ) in 2011 .
International career
Fagerholm played his first game with the ( FIFA neither UEFA affiliated ) Åland Islands team on 26 June 2011 against Saaremaa ( 3–3 ) , in which he played the entire match . So far , he only featured at the 2011 edition of the Island Games .
References
External links
1992 births
Living people
Finnish footballers
Association football defenders
IFK Mariehamn players
Rajendra Kumar Rai ( ) is a Nepalese politician currently serving as a member of the House of Representatives for Dhankuta 1 from the CPN ( Unified Marxist–Leninist ) . He also served as the deputy chair of Pakhribas VDC from 1994 to 1999 .
References
Living people
Communist Party of Nepal ( Unified Marxist–Leninist ) politicians
People from Dhankuta District
Nepal MPs 2017–
1964 births
Rochus Tatamai ( born September 24 , 1962 in Raduna , Rabaul ) is a Papua New Guinean clergyman and bishop for the Roman Catholic Diocese of Bereina . He was appointed bishop in 2007 . He left to assume the same position in Rabaul in 2020 .
References
1962 births
Papua New Guinean Roman Catholic bishops
Roman Catholic bishops of Bereina
Living people
People from East New Britain Province
Schillerplatz is a square in the old city centre of Stuttgart , Germany named in honour of the German poet , philosopher , historian , and dramatist Friedrich Schiller . Schillerplatz stands to the south west of Stuttgart 's main square , Schlossplatz .
Buildings around Schillerplatz
Starting in the south west corner , Schillerplatz is surrounded by the Stiftskirche ( Collegiate Church ) , the Fruchtkasten building , the Prinzenbau ( which now houses the Baden-Württemberg Ministry of Justice , the Alte Kanzlei ( Old Chancellery ) and Altes Schloss ( the Old Castle ) .
A street market takes place twice a week on Schillerplatz . The square is also used for major events taking place on Marktplatz ( Stuttgart 's Market Square ) such as the annual Christmas Market . Hidden underneath Schillerplatz 's cobblestones is an underground car park .
The late Gothic Fruchtkasten building in the corner of Schillerplatz is now used by the State Museum of Württemberg to house a collection of musical instruments .
The Schiller memorial
At the centre of the cobblestone square is a memorial to Friedrich Schiller which was erected in 1839 by the Danish sculptor Bertel Thorvaldsen . Thorvaldsen 's statue was the first memorial to Schiller to be erected in Germany .
History
The first known brick building in Stuttgart - the Stuthaus or mare house - stood next to the adjacent Stiftskirche ( collegiate church ) . It is therefore supposed that the square was originally used as a horse breeding area around 1000 years ago ( in keeping with Stuttgart 's history ) . After the 12th century the square was probably covered in simple houses before other stone houses such as the Fruchtkasten were built . In the mid-14th century the Dürnitzbau wing of the Old Castle ( next to Schillerplatz ) was erected . The Old Chancellery was built in 1542 shortly before completion of the Arkadenflügel wing of the Old Castle . The area between the Old Castle and the Chancellery became a moat .
In 1594 Duke Friedrich I asked his master builder Heinrich Schickhardt to turn today 's Schillerplatz into a Renaissance square . Residents ' houses were bought and demolished . The new square was laid with cobblestones and called 'Castle and Chancellery Square ' . The dimensions of the square have not changed since .
In 1607 work began on the Gesandtenhaus ( a type of ambassador 's house ) which is now known as the Prinzenbau and was finally completed in 1677 . In 1711 the Prinzenbau was extended behind the Old Chancellery with an arch in the northernmost corner of Schillerplatz . On the opposite , southern side of the square between the Old Castle and Stiftskirche the first Stuttgart Café opened in 1712 . It was replaced in 1798 by the König von England inn ( King of England Inn ) . This was shortly after the moat surrounding the Old Castle had finally been filled in leaving the square the way it stands today .
The square was officially renamed Schillerplatz in 1934 in memory of one of Baden-Württemberg 's most famous writers and intellectuals .
During the Second World War of the buildings around Schillerplatz were burnt down but all were reconstructed after the war with the exception of the King of England Inn .
The underground car park was built in 1972-3 .
References
Harald Schukraft : Stuttgarter Straßen-Geschichte ( n ) . German . Silberburg Publishing ,
External links
'Stuttgart Tourist information on Schillerplatz
Squares in Stuttgart
Buildings and structures in Stuttgart
Landmarks in Germany
Tourist attractions in Stuttgart
Gharib Nawaz ( born Pamheiba , 1690–1751 ) was a Meetei king of Manipur ,
ruling from c. 1709 until his death . He introduced Hinduism as the state religion of his kingdom ( 1717 ) and changed the name of the kingdom to the Sanskrit Manipur ( 1724 ) . He changed his royal name from his birth name Pamheipa to the Persianate Gharib Nawaz .
During most of his reign he was engaged in warfare against the weakened Burmese Toungoo Dynasty .
Early life
Pamheiba was born on 23 December 1690 in Manipur to Pitambar Charairongba and was crowned Meidingu ( `` king '' ) on 28 August 1709 ( the 23rd of Thawan , 1631 Saka Era ) . After converting to Hinduism Pamheiba took the Persianate name `` Gharib Nawaz '' ( also spelt `` Garibniwaz '' ) .
Military conquests
His reign lasted 39 years . During that time , the realm of Manipur extended from the Irrawaddy River in the east to Cachar and Tripura in the west . At some points during his reign , his realm extended into the Chittagong Hill Tracts .
Burma
Shortly after taking power from his father Charairongba he invaded Burma after the Burmese King insulted his sister . The Burmese King asked for the hand of another of Charairongba 's daughters in marriage in 1724 . Instead of a princess , the King of Burma was met by cavalry , led by Pamheiba that massacred the Burmese army , and brought many prisoners of war to Imphal . The Burmese sent an expedition in revenge , but it was ambushed in the swamps near Heirok , southwest of Thoubal , and losing heavily retreated in haste . In 1735 , Pamheiba invaded Myedu in Shwebo district and carried off loot , cattle and a thousand people . In 1737 , Pamheiba again invaded Burma , killed two-thirds of a royal levy , including commander , who came to oppose the invading Manipuris , and swept down to Tabayin in Shwebo district , burning everything they met . Again in 1738 , Manipuris went and camped in Thalunbyu west of Sagaing , burnt every house and monastery up to the walls of Ava , stormed the stockade built to protect the Kaunghmudaw Pagoda , slaughtering the Burmese troops like cattle in a pen and killing the commandant , a minister of the Hluttaw Council ; the old door-leaves of the pagoda 's eastern gateway show a gash made by the sword of Maharaj Pamheiba when he was forcing an entrance .
Tripura
In 1734 , Pamheiba invaded Tripura and captured 1100 prisoners , who were absorbed into the Meitei community .
Shan
On account of rise of Burmese Kingdom , the Shan Kingdom of Pong was in danger . In March 1739 , the Shans requested Manipur to help them . The envoys from Pong returned to their country after about 19 days . Pamheiba started for Burma to invade Sagaing . After the Battle of Sagaing , Pamheiba made the elder brother of the king of Pong king .
Mon
The king of Ava according to Ningthourol lambuba is called by the name Mangdra who sent a emissary in the court of King Pamheiba with very soft and flattering words requesting him for a matrimonial alliance , in which Mangdra requested to give Princess Satyamala in marriage to him . Further the king of Ava invited king Pamheiba to visit his country . Pamheiba accepted the request and sent back the emissary . Pamheiba then thought out , if the request was sincere , he would give his daughter Satyamala in marriage and on the other hand if it was a pretension , he would teach him a lesson . When he reached the bank of Irawaddy river , he collected information and found the request was a sincere one as the king of Ava was between two fires , one the Meiteis and other the Mons . He wanted to make Manipur his friend and ally to strengthen his force in crushing the Mons . On king of Ava 's request , king Pamheiba crossed Irawaddy river and assaulted the Mons where he captured two prominent chiefs of Mons , destroyed the revolting Mons of Koi , he also presented several chopped heads of Mon rebels to his son-in-law king Mangdra .
Religious policy
During the early 18th century , Hindu priests from Sylhet arrived in Manipur to spread Gaudiya Vaishnavism . They were led by Shantidas Adhikari and his associate Guru Gopal Das who succeeded in converting the King from the old Meitei religion to Vaishnavism in 1710 . Later during his reign , Pamheiba made Hinduism the official religion , and converted nearly all the Meitei people to Hinduism .
Family
Pamheiba had eight wives , and a large number of sons and daughters . His eldest son , Samjai Khurai-Lakpa , was assassinated by his younger son Chitsai , who came to power after Pamheiba 's grandson Gaurisiam . The reign was then followed by Ching-Thang Khomba .
References
Bibliography
Meitei royalty
Hindu monarchs
Gaudiya religious leaders
Devotees of Krishna
Converts to Hinduism
1690 births
1751 deaths
A bio-energy village is a regionally oriented concept for the use of renewable energy sources in rural areas . The system uses biomass from local agriculture and forestry in a biogas powerplant to meet the complete energy requirements of a village , such as electricity and district heating .
These villages tend to be self-powered and independent from external grids , despite being connected to overland grids for feeding surplus energy . The term `` bio-energy village '' refers to a dependency on fresh biological material as a source of energy only whereas an `` ecovillage '' includes a variety of networks .
Examples of such villages are Jühnde near Göttingen , Mauenheim near Tuttlingen and Bollewick near Berlin in Germany .
Energy production
Liquid manure , grass , silage and other raw materials from agriculture are fermented in a biological gas facility . The biogas produced fuels a combined heat and power plant ( CHP ) . The heat is distributed via a district heating system while power is fed into a local electricity grid . In winter , additional heat requirements can be supplied by a supplementary heating plant , in which wood chips or straw are burned .
Existing projects
Jühnde
The first bio-energy village in Germany is Jühnde in the district of Göttingen . A project initiated by the Interdisciplinary Centre For Sustainable Development ( IZNE ) at the University of Göttingen , and completed in January 2006 , the project supplies the village with the heat that it requires and produces twice as much electricity as is used . It has been estimated that the participating households save €750 per year in energy costs .
Mauenheim
In Mauenheim , Baden-Württemberg , a bio-energy village has been developed in Immendingen in the district of Tuttlingen , with approximately 400 inhabitants and 148 buildings . The biogas facility and wood chip heating system are supplemented by a solar energy system . The project started operation in 2006 . It has been calculated that about 1900 tonnes of CO2 per year will be saved .
Rai Breitenbach
The Breuberger village of Rai Breitenbach in the Odenwald ( approximately 890 inhabitants ) is in the process of becoming a bio-energy village . At present the project is still in the planning stage . A feasibility study has been completed and a co-operative created to carry out the project , which is expected to be completed in 2008 .
Freiamt
The village Freiamt in the Black Forest with 4300 inhabitants is using all forms of renewable energy . A biogas plant , Solar power , wind and water energy produce about 14 million kwh energy annually , about 3 million more than needed . Around 150 solar collectors are used for water heating .
Considerations
Advantages
No climatically harmful waste gases are released . The risks and waste disposal problem of nuclear energy are avoided .
The energy produced is often cheaper for consumers than conventional energy .
Local resources are used , saving transportation energy costs .
Energy costs are locally spent , strengthening the local economy and creating jobs .
Disadvantages
Capital outlays are high ( see also Crowdfunding ..
The system works only if a large majority of the inhabitants participate , and can be attached to the local heating supply network .
The gas evolving is not constant in amount , it may differ due to insufficient raw materials .
See also
Crowdfunding
External links
Interdisciplinary Centre For Sustainable Development
Jühnde village web site
Bioenergy Village
Bioenergy Village
Bioenergy Village
Vanessa Renwick ( born 1961 ) is an American artist and filmmaker living in Portland , Oregon . Since 1981 , she has been working in experimental and documentary forms—writing , producing films , videos , photography , sculpture and installations . In 1996 , she started her own production company , called The Oregon Department of Kick Ass . Renwick 's art reflects an interest in place , landscape use and transformation , as well as relationships between bodies and landscapes .
She is the recipient of the Bonnie Bronson Fellowship ( 2014 ) .
Renwick was born in Chicago , Illinois .
Exhibitions
Renwick has created over fifty works that have been shown internationally at sites such as The Centre Pompidou , Museum of Modern Art , The Kitchen , International Film Festival Rotterdam , The Viennale , and The Andy Warhol Museum .
In 2009 , with Brian Borrello , she created People 's Bike Library of Portland ( also known as Zoobomb Pyle ) part of the City of Portland and Multnomah County Public Art Collection . In 2013 , a 2-day retrospective of her work , `` Raw , Raucous and Sublime : 33 ½ Years of Vanessa Renwick '' was presented by Oregon Movies , A to Z at the Hollywood Theater in Portland , Oregon .
Awards
Renwick has received several film festival awards , including :
First place in the Peripheral Produce World Championship Invitationals ( 2001 )
Best Documentary Video at Microcinefest in Baltimore ( 2002 )
The Judges Award at the Northwest Film and Video Festival from James Benning ( 2003 )
The Gus Van Sant Award for Best Experimental Film at the Ann Arbor Film Festival ( 2005 )
The Judges Award at the Northwest Film and Video Festival from Michael Almereyda ( 2005 )
The Jim Demulling Speak Out Award for Best Social Awareness Documentary at the Humboldt Film Festival ( 2007 )
`` The DIY of All-Time Award '' , The Judges Award from the Northwest Filmmakers ' Festival from Mike Plante ( 2013 )
Bonnie Bronson Fellowship ( 2014 )
See also
Lovejoy Columns
References
External links
1961 births
Living people
21st-century American women artists
American filmmakers
Artists from Chicago
Artists from Portland , Oregon
The Roman Catholic Church in Ghana ( West Africa ) is composed solely of a Latin hierarchy , joint in the national Episcopal Conference of Ghana , comprising a single pre-diocesan ( exempt ) apostolic vicariate and four ecclesiastical provinces , each headed by a Metropolitan Archdiocese , with a total of 15 suffragan dioceses .
There are no Eastern Catholic jurisdictions or quasi-diocesan ordinariates .
There are no titular sees . All defunct jurisdictions have current successor sees .
There is an Apostolic Nunciature to Ghana ( in national capital Accra ) as papal diplomatic representation ( embassy-level ) .
Current Latin dioceses
Immediately Subject to the Holy See
pre-diocesan Apostolic Vicariate of Donkorkrom
Latin provinces
Ecclesiastical Province of Accra
Metropolitan Archdiocese of Accra
Roman Catholic Diocese of Ho
Roman Catholic Diocese of Jasikan
Roman Catholic Diocese of Keta-Akatsi
Roman Catholic Diocese of Koforidua
Ecclesiastical Province of Cape Coast
Metropolitan Archdiocese of Cape Coast
Roman Catholic Diocese of Sekondi-Takoradi
Roman Catholic Diocese of Wiawso
Ecclesiastical Province of Kumasi
Metropolitan Archdiocese of Kumasi
Roman Catholic Diocese of Goaso
Roman Catholic Diocese of Konongo-Mampong
Roman Catholic Diocese of Obuasi
Roman Catholic Diocese of Sunyani
Roman Catholic Diocese of Techiman
Ecclesiastical Province of Tamale
Metropolitan Archdiocese of Tamale
Roman Catholic Diocese of Damongo
Roman Catholic Diocese of Navrongo-Bolgatanga
Roman Catholic Diocese of Wa
Roman Catholic Diocese of Yendi
See also
Catholic Church in Ghana
List of Catholic dioceses ( structured view )
Sources and external links
GCatholic.org - data for all sections .
Catholic-Hierarchy entry .
Ghana
Catholic dioceses
Bibik may refer to :
A traditional Indo-Portuguese dessert also known as Bebinca
People with the surname
Aleksei Bibik ( 1878–1976 ) , a Russian novelist
Olha Bibik ( born 1990 ) , Ukrainian sprinter
Tatjana Bibik ( born 1985 ) , Russian badminton player
Valentin Bibik ( 1940-2003 ) , a Ukrainian Composer
The waltz ( ) , meaning `` to roll or revolve '' ) is a ballroom and folk dance , normally in triple ( time ) , performed primarily in closed position .
History
There are many references to a sliding or gliding dance that would evolve into the waltz that date from 16th-century Europe , including the representations of the printmaker Hans Sebald Beham . The French philosopher Michel de Montaigne wrote of a dance he saw in 1580 in Augsburg , where the dancers held each other so closely that their faces touched . Kunz Haas ( of approximately the same period ) wrote , `` Now they are dancing the godless Weller or Spinner . '' `` The vigorous peasant dancer , following an instinctive knowledge of the weight of fall , uses his surplus energy to press all his strength into the proper beat of the bar , thus intensifying his personal enjoyment in dancing . '' Around 1750 , the lower classes in the regions of Bavaria , Tyrol , and Styria began dancing a couple dance called Walzer . The Ländler , also known as the Schleifer , a country dance in time , was popular in Bohemia , Austria , and Bavaria , and spread from the countryside to the suburbs of the city . While the eighteenth-century upper classes continued to dance the minuets ( such as those by Mozart , Haydn and Handel ) , bored noblemen slipped away to the balls of their servants .
In the 1771 German novel Geschichte des Fräuleins von Sternheim by Sophie von La Roche , a high-minded character complains about the newly introduced waltz among aristocrats thus : `` But when he put his arm around her , pressed her to his breast , cavorted with her in the shameless , indecent whirling-dance of the Germans and engaged in a familiarity that broke all the bounds of good breeding—then my silent misery turned into burning rage . ''
Describing life in Vienna ( dated at either 1776 or 1786 ) , Don Curzio wrote , `` The people were dancing mad ... The ladies of Vienna are particularly celebrated for their grace and movements of waltzing of which they never tire . '' There is a waltz in the second act finale of the 1786 opera Una Cosa Rara by Martin y Soler . Soler 's waltz was marked andante con moto , or `` at a walking pace with motion '' , but the flow of the dance was sped-up in Vienna leading to the Geschwindwalzer , and the Galloppwalzer .
In the 19th century , the word primarily indicated that the dance was a turning one ; one would `` waltz '' in the polka to indicate rotating rather than going straight forward without turning .
Shocking many when it was first introduced , the waltz became fashionable in Vienna around the 1780s , spreading to many other countries in the years to follow . According to contemporary singer Michael Kelly , it reached England in 1791 . During the Napoleonic Wars , infantry soldiers of the King 's German Legion introduced the dance to the people of Bexhill , Sussex , from 1804 .
It became fashionable in Britain during the Regency period , having been made respectable by the endorsement of Dorothea Lieven , wife of the Russian ambassador . Diarist Thomas Raikes later recounted that `` No event ever produced so great a sensation in English society as the introduction of the waltz in 1813 . '' In the same year , a sardonic tribute to the dance by Lord Byron was anonymously published ( written the previous autumn ) . Influential dance master and author of instruction manuals , Thomas Wilson published A Description of the Correct Method of Waltzing in 1816 . Almack 's , the most exclusive club in London , permitted the waltz , though the entry in the Oxford English Dictionary shows that it was considered `` riotous and indecent '' as late as 1825 . In The Tenant of Wildfell Hall , by Anne Brontë , in a scene set in 1827 , the local vicar Reverend Milward tolerates quadrilles and country dances but intervenes decisively when a waltz is called for , declaring `` No , no , I do n't allow that ! Come , it 's time to be going home . ''
The waltz , especially its closed position , became the example for the creation of many other ballroom dances . Subsequently , new types of waltz have developed , including many folk and several ballroom dances .
Variants
In the 19th and early 20th century , numerous different waltz forms existed , including versions performed in , or ( sauteuse ) , and time ( waltz , half and half ) .
In the 1910s , a form called the Hesitation Waltz was introduced by Vernon and Irene Castle . It incorporated `` hesitations '' and was danced to fast music . A hesitation is basically a halt on the standing foot during the full waltz bar , with the moving foot suspended in the air or slowly dragged . Similar figures ( Hesitation Change , Drag Hesitation , and Cross Hesitation ) are incorporated in the International Standard Waltz Syllabus .
The Country Western Waltz is mostly progressive , moving counter clock wise around the dance floor . Both the posture and frame are relaxed , with posture bordering on a slouch . The exaggerated hand and arm gestures of some ballroom styles are not part of this style . Couples may frequently dance in the promenade position , depending on local preferences . Within Country Western waltz , there is the Spanish Waltz and the more modern ( for the late 1930s- early 1950s ) Pursuit Waltz . At one time it was considered ill treatment for a man to make the woman walk backwards in some locations .
In California , the waltz was banned by Mission priests until 1834 because of the `` closed '' dance position . Thereafter a Spanish Waltz was danced . This Spanish Waltz was a combination of dancing around the room in closed position , and a `` formation '' dance of two couples facing each other and performing a sequence of steps . `` Valse a Trois Temps '' was the `` earliest '' waltz step , and the Rye Waltz was preferred as a couple dance .
In contemporary ballroom dance , the fast versions of the waltz are called Viennese Waltz as opposed to the Slow waltz .
In traditional Irish music , the waltz was taught by travelling dancing masters to those who could afford their lessons during the 19th century . By the end of that century , the dance spread to the middle and lower classes of Irish society and traditional triple-tune tunes and songs were altered to fit the waltz rhythm . During the 20th century , the waltz found a distinctively Irish playing style in the hands of Céilidh musicians at dances .
International Standard Waltz has only closed figures ; that is , the couple never breaks the embrace .
The American Style Waltz , part of the American Smooth ballroom dance syllabus , in contrast to the International Standard Waltz , involves breaking contact almost entirely in some figures . For example , the Syncopated Side-by-Side with Spin includes a free spin for both partners . Open rolls are another good example of an open dance figure , in which the follower alternates between the lead 's left and right sides , with the lead 's left or right arm ( alone ) providing the lead . Waltzes were the staple of many American musicals and films , including `` Waltz in Swing Time '' sung by Fred Astaire .
The Scandinavian Waltz , performed as a part of Scandinavian folk dance , can be fast or slow , but the dancers are always rotating .
The Peruvian Waltz is called and recognised in Peru as vals criollo .
The Mexican Waltz ( vals mexicano ) follows the same basic rhythmic pattern as the standard waltz , but the melodies reflect a strong Spanish influence . Mexico 's Juventino Rosas wrote `` Sobre las Olas '' or `` Over the Waves ” .
The Cajun Waltz is danced progressively around the floor , and is characterised by the subtle swaying of the hips and step very close to ordinary walking . It is danced entirely in the closed position .
The Cuban ( or Tropical ) Waltz follows the pattern of the standard waltz throughout the song .
The Venezuelan waltz provided a basis for distinctive regional musical composition .
The Contra Waltz ( Freeform Waltz ) , included in most contra dance evenings , uses both open and closed positions , and incorporates moves from other dances such as swing , modern jive and salsa . Basically the dancers progress around the dance floor with a waltz step , but with no constraints on what moves they can use .
The Valse Musette , a form of waltz popular in France , started in the late 19th century .
The cross-step waltz ( French Valse Boston ) developed in France in the early 20th century and is popular in social waltz groups today .
In folk dance from the Alsace region , waltzes in odd metres such as , and are found . In modern bal folk , waltzes in even higher metres are played and danced .
Estonian folk dance Labajalavalss ( flat of the foot waltz ) performed in time .
Today both the faster Viennese Waltz , made forever popular by the Strauss family , and the slower American and International style waltzes are extremely popular with dancers of all ages .
Sama ' i ( also known as usul semai ) is a vocal piece of Ottoman Turkish music composed in 6/8 metres . This form and metre ( usul in Turkish ) is often confused with the completely different Saz Semaisi , an instrumental form consisting of three to four sections , in 10/8 metre , or usul aksak semai ( broken semai in Turkish ) . Semai is one of the most important forms in Ottoman Turkish Sufi music .
The Tsamikos ( , Tsamikos ) or Kleftikos ( ) is a popular traditional folk dance of Greece , done to music of metre .
References
External links
Waltz basic steps
Music regarding : Waltz within traditional dances of the County of Nice ( France )
Scroll to `` Five-Step Waltzes '' for notes about probable 1847 origin and associated music published the same year .
Thomas Wilson 's 1816 Waltz Manual
( 1877 Book critical of the Waltz )
The Regency Waltz
Waltzes under CreativeCommons licence on BalLibre.org
Wedding Waltz
Austrian folk dances
German folk dances
Triple time dances
Articles containing video clips
Forms of Ottoman classical music
Greek folk music
Greek dances
This is a complete episode listing of the anime television series Starship Operators , created by J.C.Staff . The series premiered January 5 , 2005 on TV Tokyo in Japan .
Episode list
References
Starship Operators
Alfred Gaither Allen ( July 23 , 1867 – December 9 , 1932 ) was an American lawyer and politician who served three terms as a U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1911 to 1917 .
Biography
Born on a farm near Wilmington , Ohio , Allen attended public schools there . He graduated from Wilmington High School in 1886 and from the Cincinnati Law School in 1890 , where he was Phi Delta Phi . He was admitted to the bar in 1890 and commenced practice in Cincinnati , Ohio . He served as the United States commissioner from 1896 to 1900 and as delegate to the Democratic State conventions in Columbus in 1901 and 1908 . He was a member of the city council from 1906 to 1908 , and a member of the board of the sinking-fund trustees of Cincinnati from 1908 to 1910 .
Allen was elected as a Democrat to the Sixty-second , Sixty-third , and Sixty-fourth Congresses ( March 4 , 1911 - March 4 , 1917 ) . He declined renomination in 1916 , and resumed his earlier profession in Cincinnati . He served as delegate to the Democratic National Convention in San Francisco in 1920 . He served as president of the Cincinnati Bar Association in 1925 and 1926 . He died in Cincinnati , Ohio , December 9 , 1932 . He remains are interred at the Sugar Grove Cemetery in Wilmington , Ohio .
On December 10 , 1901 , Allen married Clara B. Forbes at St. Louis , Missouri . She was the daughter of M. S. Forbes , president of Forbes Brothers ' Tea and Spice Company . She graduated from Smith College . They had two children . They were members of the Methodist Episcopal Church .
References
Sources
1867 births
1932 deaths
University of Cincinnati College of Law alumni
Ohio lawyers
People from Wilmington , Ohio
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Cincinnati City Council members
20th-century American politicians
Slikkerveer is a village in the municipality of Ridderkerk , Netherlands . In 2004 , 8550 people lived in Slikkerveer . It is located about 6 km east-southeast of the city of Rotterdam
External links
Ridderkerk
Populated places in South Holland
Innopolis University ( ) is a university located in the city of Innopolis . The university was established on 10 December 2012 and specializes in information technology and robotics , as well as the development of information technology both internationally and in Russia ; as of 2016 , it has an enrollment rate of 3 % , with a tuition of $ 20,000 per year .
Construction of the university began on 9 June 2012 ; in 2013 , it was estimated that the university would be open by 2015 . Its first bachelor program opened in 2014 . By the same year , partner universities included Carnegie Mellon University and the National University of Singapore . Innopolis University would sign academic agreements with the University of Bonn , Innsbruck University , Harbour.Space University and the Sapienza University of Rome in 2016 . On 26 April 2019 , ownership of the university was transferred to the Ministry of Digital Development , Communications and Mass Media .
As of 2017 , Innopolis University offers 4 masters degree courses , as well as a bachelor program in computer science and engineering ; facilities at the university include a swimming pool and a sports center . The university also operates 11 laboratories , which are divided into 3 institutes .
References
External links
Buildings and structures built in the Soviet Union
Public universities and colleges in Russia
Educational institutions established in 2012
Universities in Tatarstan
2012 establishments in Russia
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1529 .
Events
Paracelsus starts to write Paragranum .
New books
Henry Cornelius Agrippa –
Simon Fish – A Supplicacyon for the Beggers
Hans Luft – A Proper Dialogue Between A Gentleman and a Husbandman
Martin Luther
Luther 's Small Catechism ( )
On War Against the Turk ( )
Philipp Melanchthon – Commentary on the Colossians ( with foreword by Martin Luther )
Thomas More – A Supplication of Souls
John Rastell – The Pastyme of People , the Chronydes of dyvers Realmys and most specially of the Realme of England
Births
February 23 – Onofrio Panvinio , Italian historian and antiquary ( died 1568 )
June 7 – Étienne Pasquier , French poet and author ( died 1615 )
December 11 – Fulvio Orsini , Italian humanist historian ( died 1600 )
Unknown date – George Puttenham , English writer and critic ( died 1590 )
Deaths
February 2 – Baldassare Castiglione , Italian poet and author ( born 1478 )
June 21 – John Skelton , English poet ( born c. 1460 )
Unknown dates
Richard Pynson , French-born English printer ( born 1448 )
Paulus Aemilius Veronensis , Italian historian ( born c. 1455 )
References
Years of the 16th century in literature
Oliver Whiddon was Archdeacon of Totnes between 1568 and 1580 .
He was the third son of Sir John Whiddon ( died 1576 ) , of Whiddon in the parish of Chagford , Devon , a Justice of the King 's Bench . His mother was Sir John 's second wife Elizabeth Shilston , a daughter and co-heiress of William Shilston .
He graduated from Oxford University B.A . in 1560/1 and M.A . in 1563 and was a fellow of Exeter College in October and November , 1573 . He was appointed a Canon of Exeter 1567 and Archdeacon of Totnes from 1568 to 1580 . He was rector of North Bovey 1562 , of Combinteignhead 1572 and of Haccombe , 1575 , and of Yoxall , Staffordshire .
References
Archdeacons of Totnes
Nureddin Nebati ( born 1 January 1964 ; Şanlıurfa , Viranşehir ) , is a Turkish politician currently serving as the Minister of Finance and Treasury of Turkey . He has previously served in the Grand National Assembly as a member of Justice and Development Party . Nebati was appointed by Recep Tayyip Erdoğan on 2 December 2021 , after the former Minister of Finance Lütfi Elvan resigned from the position .
Early life and education
Nebati is of Arab origin , belonging to the tribe of Na'im . He was born to Süleyman and Emine Nebati and on 1 January 1964 in Viranşehir , a district of Şanlıurfa Province . He majored in political science and public administration at Istanbul University . Later , he completed his postgraduate education on international relations at Istanbul University 's Social Science Department . Nebati has a doctorate degree from Kocaeli University .
Career
Personal life
Nebati is married and has 4 children . He has also supported various NGO 's , namely , and .
References
Living people
1964 births
People from Viranşehir
Turkish people of Arab descent
Istanbul University alumni
Kocaeli University alumni
Justice and Development Party ( Turkey ) politicians
John C. `` Jay '' Ackerman ( November 23 , 1933 – July 23 , 2007 ) was an American farmer and politician .
He served on the Morton Park Commission from 1967 to 1975 . Ackerman also served on the Tazewell County Board from 1972 to 1978 . Ackerman served in the Illinois House of Representatives from 1979 to 1983 and from 1987 to 1999 . He was a Republican . Ackerman served on the Governor 's Board of Agriculture Advisers from 1984 to 1987 . Ackerman died in an accident on his farm in Morton , Illinois ; when cutting grass on a sloping surface near a small lake on his farm , he and his lawn mower toppled over and pinned him in the water .
Early life and education
Born in Morton , Illinois , Ackerman served in the United States Army from 1956 to 1958 . He studied agriculture at the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign and was a farmer .
Notes
External links
1933 births
2007 deaths
People from Morton , Illinois
Military personnel from Illinois
University of Illinois College of Agriculture , Consumer , and Environmental Sciences alumni
Farmers from Illinois
Illinois Republicans
County board members in Illinois
Members of the Illinois House of Representatives
Accidental deaths in Illinois
United States Army soldiers
20th-century American politicians
Farming accident deaths
Daniel Kilgore ( May 24 , 1794December 12 , 1851 ) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio .
Born at Kings Creek , Virginia ( now West Virginia ) , Kilgore received a liberal schooling .
He moved to Cadiz , Ohio , and served as member of the Ohio Senate from 1828 to 1832 .
Kilgore was elected as a Jacksonian to the Twenty-third Congress to fill the vacancy caused by the resignation of Humphrey H. Leavitt . Kilgore was again elected as a Jacksonian to the Twenty-fourth Congress . He was reelected , this time as a Democrat , to the Twenty-fifth Congress . He subsequently served from December 1 , 1834 , until July 4 , 1838 , when he resigned from politics .
Kilgore moved to Steubenville , Ohio in 1850 , and was elected president of the Steubenville and Indiana Railroad . He died while visiting New York City . He died on December 12 , 1851 .
References
1794 births
1851 deaths
People from Hancock County , West Virginia
People from Cadiz , Ohio
Ohio state senators
19th-century American railroad executives
Jacksonian members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
19th-century American politicians
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Xymon , a network monitoring application using free software , operates under the GNU General Public License ; its central server runs on Unix and Linux hosts .
History
The application was inspired by the open-source version of Big Brother , a network monitoring application , and maintains backward compatibility with it . Between 2002 and 2004 Henrik Storner wrote an open-source software add-on called bbgen toolkit , then in March 2005 a stand-alone version was released called Hobbit . Versions of this were released between 2005 and 2008 , but since a prior user of the trademark `` Hobbit '' existed , the tool was finally renamed Xymon . In January 2012 , Quest Software discontinued development of Big Brother .
Functionality
Xymon offers graphical monitoring , showing the status of various network services of each device , as well as a range of application and operating system metrics such as listing the number of mail messages queued after a defined level of downtime . The web-based graphical display uses a red/yellow/green condition icon for each host/test , on top of a colored background indicating the current worst status across all hosts and tests . The user can click on a colored icon to view more specific details and ( where available ) relevant graphs of metric statistics . Built-in reporting tools include SLA-type reports ( availability ) and the historical state of services ( snapshots ) . Xymon supports the generation of alarms sent by email , and can also use external tools to send messages via other means ( e.g . SMS ) .
Networked hosts and devices are monitored by a Xymon server using network probes supporting a large and extensible range of protocols , including SMTP , HTTP/S and DNS . Hosts that use a supported operating system can also run a Xymon client ( also free software ) , to additionally collect operating system and application monitoring metrics and report them to the Xymon server . Clients are available for Unix and Linux ( in formats including source tarball , RPM and Debian package ) from the Xymon download site at SourceForge . Windows hosts can use the Big Brother client for Windows , the BBWin client or the WinPSClient written in the Windows PowerShell scripting language .
Plugins extend monitoring to new types of applications and services , and many extension scripts for Big Brother will run unchanged on Xymon .
See also
Big Brother
MRTG
Nagios
References
External links
xymon.com
Internet Protocol based network software
Free network management software
Multi-agent systems
Network analyzers
Linux security software
James Arthur Flowerdew ( 1 December 1906 – 30 September 2002 ) was an English man from Norfolk , England whose claimed recollections of the ancient city of Petra in Jordan are offered as a supposed proof of the existence of reincarnation .
Life
From his adolescence , Flowerdew experienced strange visions of a stone city carved into a cliff , which were particularly strong when he played in the multicolored pebbles on a beach near his home . The clarity of his visions grew as he did .
One day , as an adult , he watched a BBC documentary on the ancient city of Petra in Jordan and immediately recognized it as the city of his visions . He became convinced that he had lived a previous life in Petra and contacted the BBC . They filmed and broadcast a short piece on Flowerdew , which the Jordanian government saw and was intrigued by . They offered to fly Flowerdew out to Petra to examine its remains and perhaps offer insights on analyzing the city .
In The Tibetan Book of Living and Dying , Rinpoche claims that before Flowerdew left for Jordan , he was interviewed by an archaeological expert excavating Petra to test his knowledge of the ancient city . He also claims Flowerdew described the city with astounding accuracy and pointed out three landmarks prominent in his memory , as well as going directly to these landmarks upon his arrival at Petra ( including his purported place of murder ) , explained a very plausible use for a device whose explanation had baffled archaeologists , and even correctly identified the locations of many landmarks that had yet to be excavated . Many experts said that Flowerdew had more knowledge of the city than many professionals studying it , and they did not believe him to be an incredible con man ( a feat which , in this case , they felt would have taken extraordinary skill ) . The archeological expert on Petra who accompanied Flowerdew to Jordan said ,
According to Songyal Rinpoche 's story , Flowerdew maintained he had never seen or heard of Petra before the BBC documentary and had never read any literature on the city .
Many spiritual leaders , including Tibetan Buddhist lama Sogyal Rinpoche , believe that Flowerdew 's experience offers highly suggestive evidence for the existence of rebirth or reincarnation .
Mircea Eliade may have used Flowerdew 's experience as the basis of his 1976 novel `` Youth without Youth '' , which was adapted into a film in 2007 by Francis Ford Coppola .
He died at James Paget University Hospital in Gorleston-on-Sea , Norfolk .
References
External links
Zoroastrian publication 's account of Flowerdew 's experience
1906 births
2002 deaths
People from Great Yarmouth
Reincarnation
E-International Relations ( E-IR ) is an open-access website covering international relations and international politics . It provides an academic perspective on global events . Its editor-in-chief is Stephen McGlinchey . The website has published since November 2007 , and was incorporated as a non-profit organisation in 2011 . It is listed under `` sites of related interest '' by the London School of Economics and is recommended by leading professors and diplomats . Its articles have been cited by The Wall Street Journal '' 's blog , The Brookings Institution 's website , the Stanley Foundation 's website , The Daily Beast , . It is indexed by the Human Security Gateway.E-IR '' contains a mixture of open access books , articles , essays , and features , broadly aimed at students and scholars of international politics . Prominent contributors have included Ted Robert Gurr , Harsh V. Pant , Charles J. Dunlap , Jr. , Rohan Gunaratna , Anand Menon , Barry Rubin , I. William Zartman , Immanuel Wallerstein , Jolyon Howorth , John Redwood , Brian Barder , Roie Yellinek and Stephen Chan .
The site also runs a student essay award , and has ventured into publishing free textbooks for students .
References
External links
Profile of e-IR by Intute
Online magazines published in the United Kingdom
International political websites
Magazines established in 2007
Open access publications
Political magazines published in the United Kingdom
British political websites
In Your Room is the debut single from Australian actress/singer Toni Pearen , released in November 1992 . The single debuted at # 54 on the Australian ARIA top 100 singles chart dated week ending 22 November 1992 , and rose to its peak of # 10 week ending 17 January 1993 . The single spent 17 weeks in the top 50 , with 1 week spent out of the chart to re-enter at 50 the following week ending 21 March 1993 and 30 weeks in the top 100 . It achieved an ARIA gold certification for shipments exceeding 35,000 .
At the time her music career began , Pearen had been a popular cast member of Australian drama series E Street . Following in the footsteps of Kylie Minogue , several Australian female soap actresses launched a pop career , to varying degrees of success . Toni Pearen achieved two consecutive top ten hits in Australia , but subsequent singles and an album were less successful .
Track listing
CD and Cassingle
`` In Your Room '' — 4:24
`` Love Vibration '' — 4:39
CD Digipak Single
`` In Your Room ''
`` In Your Room ( 12 '' Remix ) '' — 5:09
`` Love Vibration '' — 4:39
`` In Your Room ( 12 '' Dub ) '' — 5:11
`` Love Vibration ( Instrumental ) '' — 4:50
12 '' Vinyl
A1 `` In Your Room ( 12 '' Remix ) '' — 5:09
A2 `` In Your Room ( 12 '' Instrumental ) '' — 5:09
B1 `` Love Vibration '' — 4:39
B2 `` Love Vibration ( Instrumental ) '' — 4:39
Charts
End Of Year Charts
References
1992 debut singles
Toni Pearen songs
1992 songs
Mushroom Records singles
Songs written by Oliver Leiber
Songs written by John Shanks
Songs written by Ellen Shipley
The Poker Club was one of several clubs at the heart of the Scottish Enlightenment where many associated with that movement met and exchanged views in a convivial atmosphere .
History
The Poker Club was created in 1762 out of the ashes of The Select Society .
The Poker was the name given to the Militia Club at its third or fourth meeting . The Militia was formed in Edinburgh to promote the cause of establishing a militia in Scotland . It was thought that the formation of a democratic national force was essential to grace the dignity of the nation and the aim was to make up for the omission of that provision in the Militia Act of 1757 which applied only to England and the Scottish Militia Bill which was rejected in April 1760 . The aim of the club provoked some unwelcome opposition and , at the suggestion of Adam Smith the name was changed so as to be enigmatic to the general public . Much as a fireplace poker stirs a fire to flame up , The Poker was to `` stir up '' the militia question .
David Hume could well find the company of The Poker a relief from a
skeptical depression – `` Most fortunately it happens that since reason is incapable of dispelling these clouds , nature herself suffices to that purpose ... I dine , I play a game of backgammon , I converse , and am merry with my friends ; and when after three or four hours amusement , I return to these speculations , they appear so cold , and strain 'd , and ridiculous , that I can not find it in my heart to enter into them any farther . ''
As to why the club collapsed , Adam Smith said , `` Divided counsels and diminished zeal supply , no doubt , the main reason for the decay of the Poker Club , '' but he also mentioned the rising costs to members .
Membership
The club was said by Dr Carlyle to consist of all the literati of Edinburgh and its surroundings . The establishment was frugal and moderate , `` as that for all clubs for a public purpose should be . The dinner was set soon after two o'clock , at one shilling a head , the wine to be confined to sherry and claret , and the reckoning to be called at six o'clock '' .
The first fifteen members were chosen by nomination , the rest by ballot , `` two black balls to exclude the candidate '' . A new `` preses '' ( chairman ) was chosen at each meeting . There were three office bearers : the Secretary , Sir William Pulteney , the Assassin , Andrew Crosbie and the Assassin 's Assessor , David Hume `` without whose assent nothing could be done , so that between `` plus '' and `` minus '' there was likely to be no bloodshed '' .
The minute book of 1776 names forty three members , including Joseph Black , `` Jupiter '' Carlyle , Sir John Clerk of Eldin , Henry Dundas , Adam Ferguson , Lord Elibank , Sir John Dalrymple , John Hume , David Hume , William Robertson , John Robison , George Dempster , and Adam Smith .
See also
Edinburgh Cape Club
Crochallan Fencibles
References
, p. 312. quoted in –
Daiches D. , Jones P. , Jones J . ( eds ) The Scottish Enlightenment : 1730 - 1790 A Hotbed of Genius The University of Edinburgh , 1986 .
Scottish Enlightenment
Political advocacy groups in Scotland
Gentlemen 's clubs in Scotland
Defunct organisations based in Scotland
Military of Scotland
Organisations based in Edinburgh
Clubs and societies in Edinburgh
The women 's handball tournament at the 2018 Mediterranean Games was held from 23 to 30 June at the Pabellón CE Vendrell in El Vendrell and at the Campclar Sports Palace in Tarragona .
Participating teams
( host )
Group stage
All times are local ( UTC+2 ) .
Group A
Group B
Classification stage
Seventh place game
Fifth place game
Playoffs
Bracket
Semifinals
Bronze medal game
Final
Final standings
References
External links
2018 Mediterranean Games
Handball at the 2018 Mediterranean Games
Korea Educational Broadcasting System ( ) or EBS is a South Korean educational public broadcaster and radio network covering South Korean territory , and the only major South Korean radio and television network without a separate regional service . Established as KBS 3 , Seoul Animation Center and KBS Educational Radio in the 1980s , and became an independent corporation in 1990 . EBS strives to supplement school education and promote lifelong education for everyone in Korea .
Funding
Though nominally a public broadcasting entity , EBS gets most of its yearly budget from advertisements and sales revenue . In 2012 , 72.1 % of its revenue came from textbook sales , publications and ad revenues on its TV Radio and internet platforms , while the rest came from TV license fees ( EBS gets 3 % of the total License Fee being collected by the Korean Broadcasting System ) and government grants .
Channels
EBS 1TV — EBS ' main terrestrial channel for premium documentaries , preschool and youth program . ( Channel 10.1 )
EBS 2TV — EBS ' second terrestrial channel . ( Channel 10.2 )
EBS FM — A EBS ' radio channel , the station focuses mainly on language learning . The actual CSAT listening comprehension examinations are broadcast on this station annually at 8:40 AM and 1:10 PM on the day of the CSAT .
EBS Plus 1 ( subscription television ) — The channel focuses greatly around the high school test curriculum and offers programming to complement and amplify the student 's in-school education .
EBS Plus 2 ( subscription television ) — The main focus of this channel is `` lifelong '' learning , with various programs for younger and older viewers .
EBS English ( subscription television ) — This is the network 's English education channel , covering kids from kindergarten to grade 12 .
EBS Kids ( subscription television ) — EBS ' children 's channel ; formerly a simulcast of EBS Plus 1 .
Also EBS offers one pay-television channel , EBS America , in the United States . Its programming centres around Korean culture , language education , and children 's shows .
Logos
Programming
Originally-produced
Teletoon Advance
Bboongbboong-E ( )
Piwi-chan ! 3D Anime Series ( )
Chiro ( )
EBS News 12 ( )
EBS Evening News ( )
Jisik Channel e ( Knowledge Channel e ; )
Oops ! Ikooo ( )
Tayo the Little Bus ( )
Titipo Titipo ( )
Janghak Quiz ( )
Ding-Dong-Dang kindergarten ( )
Miniforce ( 최강전사 미니특공대 )
GO ! GO ! Giggles ( )
English Café ( )
Vroomiz ( )
Boni and Hani ( )
Solver ( )
Brian 's English Adventure ( )
Cocomong ( )
Pororo the Little Penguin ( )
Robocar Poli ( )
Semi and the Magic Cube ( )
Super Wings ( )
Tickety Toc ( )
Road Diary ( )
Flowering Heart ( )
Larva in New York ( )
Giant Peng TV ( )
Imported series
All foreign shows are dubbed in Korean .
The Magic School Bus ( )
Arthur ( )
Animaniacs ( )
Cyberchase ( )
Denver , the Last Dinosaur ( )
Bill Nye the Science Guy ( )
The Simpsons ( )
SpongeBob SquarePants ( )
The Tom and Jerry Show ( )
Steven Universe ( )
The Fairly OddParents ( )
Tiny Toons Adventures ( )
Rugrats ( )
All Grown Up ! ( )
The Wild Thornberrys ( )
Rocket Power ( )
Teen Titans Go ! ( )
Dora the Explorer ( )
The Adventures of Jimmy Neutron , Boy Genius ( )
Yo Gabba Gabba ! ( )
Phineas and Ferb ( )
Mickey Mouse Clubhouse ( )
Little Einsteins ( )
PAW Patrol ( )
The Flintstones ( )
The Mozart Band ( )
The Koala Brothers ( )
Miles From Tomorrowland ( )
Bluey ( )
Ben 10 ( )
Transformers : Prime ( )
Hi-5 ( )
Rubberdubbers ( )
Fireman Sam ( )
Postman Pat ( )
Yvon of the Yukon ( )
Marsupilami ( )
Untalkative Bunny ( )
Charlie & Lola ( )
Thomas and Friends ( )
Dinosaur Train ( )
The Loud House ( )
Gravity Falls ( )
Almost Naked Animals ( )
Scaredy Squirrel ( )
Numb Chucks ( )
The Jungle Book ( )
Storm Hawks ( )
Geronimo Stilton ( )
Peppa Pig ( )
Oswald ( )
Mike the Knight ( )
Bubble Guppies ( )
Franklin and Friends ( )
The New Adventures of Winnie the Pooh ( )
Henry 's World ( )
The Backyardigans ( )
Craig of the Creek ( )
The Amazing World of Gumball ( )
Sofia the First ( )
Big City Greens ( )
Poppy Cat ( )
Adventure Time ( )
The Looney Tunes Show ( )
My Little Pony : Friendship Is Magic ( )
Chuggington ( )
Regular Show ( )
Dragon Tales ( )
The Lion Guard ( )
T.U.F.F . Puppy ( )
The Mr. Men Show ( )
Clarence ( )
Mama Mirabelle 's Home Movies ( )
We Bare Bears ( )
Pingu ( )
Caillou ( )
Team Umizoomi ( )
Lunar Jim ( )
Roary the Racing Car ( )
Dirtgirlworld ( )
Blaze and the Monster Machines ( )
Harvey Beaks ( )
LazyTown ( Season 1-2 only ) ( )
Pocoyo ( )
Miraculous Ladybug ( )
Franny 's Feet ( )
The Save-Ums ! ( )
Little Bear ( )
Boo ! ( )
Poppets Town ( )
Connie the Cow ( )
Jakers ! The Adventures of Piggley Winks ( )
The Paz Show ( )
Clifford the Big Red Dog ( )
Paddington Bear ( )
Maggie and the Ferocious Beast ( )
Mermaid Melody Pichi Pichi Pitch ( )
Mermaid Melody Pichi Pichi Pitch Pure ( )
Watership Down ( )
Peep and the Big Wide World ( )
Timothy Goes to School ( )
ToddWorld ( 토드의즐거운세상 )
Star vs . The Forces of Evil ( )
Ready Jet Go ! ( )
Super Why ! ( )
Doki ( )
Dot . ( )
Oddbods ( )
Strawberry Shortcake ( 2003 TV series ) ( )
Messy Goes to Okido ( )
Angelina Ballerina ( )
Olobob Top ( )
Amphibia ( )
Rusty Rivets ( )
Bob the Builder ( )
Pok & Mok ( )
Deer Squad ( )
Big Blue ( TV series ) ( )
EBS Radio
Morning Special ( 8:00~9:00 , Mondays through Saturday ) and Saturday Morning Special ( same time , Saturday )
CSAT Listening Comprehension ( 8:40 & 13:10 , day of CSAT )
EBS Plus
Survival English
See also
Mass media in South Korea
List of radio stations in South Korea
Television in South Korea
References
External links
EBS Introduction
EBS Main ( TV/Radio )
EBS Primary School
EBS Middle School
EBS CSAT
EBS English
EBS Foreign Language
EBS Math
EBS Clipbank
EBS Durian ( Multicultural )
EBS International Documentary Festival
EBS SPACE
EBS Janghak Quiz
EBS Media
Companies based in Seoul
Mass media companies of South Korea
Publicly funded broadcasters
Educational and instructional television channels
Television networks in South Korea
Children 's television networks
Television channels in South Korea
Television channels and stations established in 1980
1980 establishments in South Korea
State media
Joseph Pascal François ( 1853-1914 ) was Governor General for various colonies in Second French Colonial Empire under the Third Republic .
Titles held
References
French colonial governors and administrators
Governors of French Polynesia
Governors of French India
People of the French Third Republic
1853 births
1914 deaths
`` Until I Found You '' is a song by American singer-songwriter Stephen Sanchez , released on September 1 , 2021 . The song was produced by Ian Fitchuk and Konrad Snyder , and was later added to Sanchez 's second EP Easy on My Eyes as the lead single .
Background
Originally released on September 1 , 2021 , by Republic Records , the song has received viral support on TikTok and has reached 28 million global streams since its release . According to Sanchez , the song is based on real life , as implied when he identifies one `` Georgia '' as the addressee in the very-first line . As Sanchez has described this piece , it is inspired by an earlier era in which things were not going well for him at all .
Fellow American singer-songwriter Em Beihold added her own original verse to the song in a remix released on April 22 , 2022 .
Composition
Honk Magazine observed the song `` blends blissful doo-wop melodies with breezy guitar and delicate tambourine '' .
The song is written and recorded in B♭ major , and the tempo was described as moderate ballad .
Music video
The music video was officially uploaded to Sanchez 's YouTube channel on June 29 , 2022 . The synopsis of the music video sees Sanchez singing in a convertible car while a Marilyn Monroe-looking songstress sits on the back of the car before switching scenes on the TV set .
Charts
References
External links
`` Until I Found You '' ( Em Beihold version ) on YouTube
2021 singles
2021 songs
Songs written by Ian Fitchuk
Wajid Iltaf Khan , Baron Khan of Burnley ( born 15 October 1979 ) , is a British-Pakistani Labour Party politician who served as a Member of the European Parliament ( MEP ) for North West England from 2017 to 2019 and as Mayor of Burnley from 2020 to 2021 .
He sat on the Foreign Affairs Committee and Human Rights Committee , as well as the Arab Peninsula and South Asia delegations . His main policy interests include workers ' rights , youth empowerment and human rights .
In December 2020 , it was announced he would be conferred a life peerage after a nomination by Labour Party Leader Keir Starmer .
Early life
The son of a taxi driver and a house-wife , Wajid was born in Burnley , Lancashire , where he continues to live with his wife and two children . Wajid has served as a Labour councillor and Burnley Council cabinet member .
Before becoming an MEP , Wajid was a senior lecturer at the University of Central Lancashire for 12 years , and a course leader in community leadership for 11 years .
Prior to this , Wajid worked in the voluntary sector with young offenders , as well as teaching education programmes for homeless young people . The Burnley race riots in 2001 inspired Wajid to develop a number of community cohesion projects , which gained him the Higher Education Active Community Fund ( HEACF ) Volunteering Award for social and community cohesion in 2004 .
Wajid 's work in community development has seen him address the Civil G8 on inclusive education in Moscow , and advised the Russian Ministry of Education and Science on developing youth strategies .
He has contributed to European-wide ‘ Volunteurope ' conferences in Germany , France , Poland , Bosnia and Italy .
Within the UK , Wajid has developed higher education programmes to increase academic participation amongst women in the south Asian community . Wajid has directed international leadership conferences in Oman , Turkey , Pakistan and the US , and has represented the University of Central Lancashire in collaborative projects with Russian NGOs .
Wajid is an alumnus of both of HRH Prince Charles ' leadership initiatives : the Mosaic international Leadership Programme and the Oxford Young Muslim Leadership Programme .
He also serves on the Labour Party National Policy Forum and International Policy Commission , in addition to serving on the North West regional board .
MEP
Khan was included in Labour 's eight-person shortlist for the 2014 European Parliament election .
He took over the North West England seat in July 2017 , replacing Afzal Khan who was elected as a Member of Parliament in the general election . He lost his seat in the 2019 European Parliament election .
References
1979 births
Living people
Labour Party ( UK ) MEPs
MEPs for England 2014–2019
Labour Party ( UK ) life peers
People from Burnley
British politicians of Pakistani descent
Life peers created by Elizabeth II
Sun Yat-sen Memorial Secondary School , ( ) was established in memory of Sun Yat-sen , the founding father of the Republic of China and the Premier of the Kuomintang in 1934 . The school is located in Cuiheng Village , Zhongshan , Guangdong , China . Cuiheng Village is Sun Yat-sen 's hometown . It is next to the former residence of Sun Yat-sen ( zh-CN : 孙中山故居纪念馆 ) . There are 120 home classes in the full boarding school with more than 7000 students .
History
Sun Yat-sen Memorial Secondary School was founded in Guangdong Province by Sun Fo , then President of the Legislative Yuan of the Republic of China and the eldest son of Dr. Sun Yat-sen , the great forerunner of democratic revolution . The school was set up to inherit the wishes of Sun Yat-sen which development and personnel training are the root of prosperity and strength . The initial name of the school was `` Premier 's Hometown Memorial School '' ( 私立總理故鄉紀念中學校 ) in 1934 . After the Chinese Civil War and the Communist Party of China took power in 1949 , the school was renamed `` Sun Yat-sen Memorial Secondary School '' . The existing school name was inscribed by Soong Ching-ling , the Honorary Chairwoman of People 's Republic of China and the widow of Dr. Sun , in 1978 .
School site construction was completed in 1934 and began to enroll students from all over the country . In 1953 , Sun Yat-sen Memorial Secondary School was designated as one of the first 7 key secondary schools , and in 1994 one of the first Top Level schools in Guangdong Province . In 2006 and 2007 , this school passed both the primary assessment and re-evaluation as Experimental and Leading Secondary School of State Level with the highest scores .
List of Presidents
Rankings
Sun Yat-sen Memorial Secondary School is one of the first top-grade schools of Guangdong Province ( ) and one of the first key high schools of Guangdong Province . In 2006 , it became one of the first national demonstrative ordinary high schools ( ) .
Alumni
Ye Xuanping , the former member of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China and the vice-chairman of the CPPCC National Committee .
Gan Ziyu , the former member of the Commission for Discipline Inspection of the Central Committee of the CPC , the member of National People 's Congress ( NPC ) Standing Committee , the chairman of the overseas Chinese Committee of the National People 's Congress .
Chen Daming , the former secretary of the party committee and dean of Beijing University of Aeronautics and Astronautic , the deputy proprietor of the Xinhua News Agency , Hong Kong branch .
Yu Zhenxin , the professor and doctoral supervisor of Sun Yat-sen University .
Liang Xiuling , the distinguished professor and doctoral supervisor of department of neurology of the First Affiliated Hospital , Sun Yat-sen University .
Yin Bingsheng , the former director of hospital and doctoral supervisor of Zhejiang University Medical College Affiliated Sir Run Shaw Hospital .
Sheldon Xiong , director of debate programs for BL Debate in Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada .
Cultural tradition
School Marks
Architectural Style : red walls and green tiles .
World Cultural Heritage : architecture of the Republic of China .
School Tree : kapok tree ( ) .
School Flower : phoenix flower ( ) .
School Uniform : white shirts and blue trousers for boys , blue shirts and black trousers for girls .
Student activities
Daily Activities - There are a lot of student activities in Sun Yat-sen Memorial Secondary School , such as Singing from the Heart Competition , School Ambassador Competition , Host Contest , New Year 's Day Party , Art Festival , Dancing with the Heart Competition , Garment Design Contest . Charity Sale and so on .
Associations - There are more than 90 student associations , which were founded and organized by students , including dance , chess , animation , musical instruments , foreign languages , astronomy , sports , rap etc .
References
External links
High schools in Guangdong
Katzenbach is a municipality in the Donnersbergkreis district , in Rhineland-Palatinate , Germany .
References
Municipalities in Rhineland-Palatinate
Donnersbergkreis
Milton Sayler ( November 4 , 1831 – November 17 , 1892 ) was an American lawyer and politician who served as a three-term U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1873 to 1879 . He was a cousin of Henry B. Sayler , who served in the U.S. Congress , representing Indiana .
Early life and career
Born in Lewisburg , Ohio , Sayler attended the public schools .
He pursued classical studies and was graduated from Miami University , Oxford , Ohio , in 1852 .
He studied law at the Cincinnati Law School .
He was admitted to the bar and commenced practice in Cincinnati , Ohio .
Political career
He served as member of the Ohio House of Representatives in 1862 and 1863 .
He served as member of the Cincinnati City Council in 1864 and 1865 .
Congress
Sayler was elected as a Democrat to the Forty-third , Forty-fourth , and Forty-fifth Congresses ( March 4 , 1873 – March 3 , 1879 ) .
He served as chairman of the Committee on Public Lands ( Forty-fourth Congress ) .
He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1878 to the Forty-sixth Congress .
Later career and death
He moved to New York City and resumed the practice of his profession .
He died in that city November 17 , 1892 .
He was interred in Spring Grove Cemetery , Cincinnati , Ohio .
Notes
Sources
External links
1831 births
1892 deaths
Miami University alumni
Politicians from Cincinnati
University of Cincinnati College of Law alumni
Cincinnati City Council members
Burials at Spring Grove Cemetery
Members of the Ohio House of Representatives
Ohio lawyers
19th-century American politicians
19th-century American lawyers
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Alexandre Deleyre ( 5 or 10 January 1726 , Portets near Bordeaux – 10 March 1797 , Paris aged 71 ) was an 18th-century French man of letters and translator from Latin . He was a friend of J.J. Rousseau , who used his translations of Lucretius for compositions .
Biography
Alexandre Deleyre was the son of the bailiff Jean Deleyre from the province Guyenne . He studied at a Jesuit college in Bordeaux but lost his faith . He chose for the bar ( law ) but then decided to move to Paris . There he looked for other atheists . Montesquieu became the patron of Deleyre and introduced him to the Encyclopedists , Charles Duclos and Baron d'Holbach .
In 1754 he worked for the Journal des Savants . From November 1756 to March 1757 he worked for the with Baron von Grimm . This journal was published by Jean-Baptiste-Antoine Suard , François Arnaud , Antoine François Prévost and the lawyer Pierre-Jean-Baptiste Gerbier.He cooperated with Denis Diderot , Claude Adrien Helvétius and Jean-Jacques Rousseau , philosophers of the French age of Enlightenment . Deleyre contributed with two articles , one on stickpins ( Épingle ) and Fanatisme to the Encyclopédie ; his article on Fortune was refused . In his Dictionnaire philosophique , Voltaire would make use of his article on fanaticism .
In June 1758 he left for Liège where he wrote for the by Pierre Rousseau . After joining the army for a couple of weeks , he became secretary of Choiseul , the French ambassador in Vienna during the height of the Seven Years ' War ( 1759 ) . In 1760 he wanted to get married but when the priest found out he was the author of Fanatisme he was ordered to rewrite the article , humiliate himself and swear an oath on being a good catholic . Protected by the Duke of Nivernais , ambassador in Berlin and London who had been friendly with Montesquieu , he was appointed librarian of Philip , Duke of Parma at the end of the year . He cooperated with Guillaume du Tillot and disagreed with Etienne Condillac as the governor of Ferdinand , Duke of Parma from 1660 till 1768 when they both left . Around 1774 he cooperated with the Abbé Raynal on his book on the two Indies . He wrote about the conquest of Kamchatka , the religion of the Chukchi people , the Lapps , the Eskimos , the concept of happiness and attacked global colonization . He disagreed with Diderot who went to Russia in 1773 on an invitation by Catherine the Great . In 1776 he was depressed and Deleyre settled in Dammarie-lès-Lys closer to nature .
In 1789 he was elected in Cadillac as a deputy to the Constituent assembly and in September 1792 to the National Convention for Landes . He joined Montagnards , where he would address the issue of national education , based on Emile , or On Education , proposing to add a garden to every school . He voted for the execution of Louis XVI in January 1793 . The uprising of the Parisian sans-culottes , resulted in the armed Insurrection of 31 May - 2 June 1793 and 31 Girondins , who voted against the execution of the king ( in January ) were placed under house-arrest . Some escaped and joined the counter-revolution .
In 1795 he was elected in the Council of Ancients . In 1796 he published a rapport on the Corsican refugees , and on Palais Bourbon . He died on 20 Ventôse .
Main works
1755 : Analyse de la philosophie du chancelier François Bacon ;
1759 : Le Génie de Montesquieu ;
1761 : L'Esprit de Saint-Évremond ;
1761 : Histoire générale des voyages , ou Nouvelle collection de toutes les relations de voyages par mer et par terre , qui ont été publiées : jusqu ' à présent dans les différentes langues de toutes les nations connues ; ( in collaboration with Antoine François Prévost , Étienne-Maurice Chompré and Jacques-Nicolas Bellin , 1746–1789 ) .
1777 : Eloge de M. Roux , docteur régent et professeur de chimie à la Faculté de Paris . Amsterdam .
1791 : Essai sur la vie et les ouvrages de Thomas Bibliography
Frank A. Kafker , Jeff Loveland : Antoine-Claude Briasson et l'Encyclopédie , Recherches sur Diderot et sur l'Encyclopédie , n° 35 . ( online )
Frank A. Kafker : Les Ventes de l'Encyclopédie . In : Sciences , musiques , Lumières . Ferney , Centre international d'étude du XVIIIe siècle , 2002 .
Joachim Lebreton : Notice sur Deleyre ( extraite des Mémoires de l'Académie des sciences morales ) . ( 1797 ) In : Friedrich Melchior Grimm : Correspondance littéraire .
George Streckeisen-Moultou : J. J. Rousseau . Ses amis et ses ennemis . ] '' ( 186 ? )
References
External links
Alexandre Deleyre on Wikisource
Alexandre Deleyre on Dictionnaire des journalistes
Alexandre Deleyre on the site of the Assemblée nationale
18th-century French writers
18th-century French male writers
Contributors to the Encyclopédie ( 1751–1772 )
1726 births
1797 deaths
William James Mallon ( born February 2 , 1952 ) is an American orthopedic surgeon , former professional golfer and a leading authority on the history of the Olympic Games .
Golf career
Born in Paterson , New Jersey , Mallon studied at Duke University and graduated magna cum laude with an A.B . in math and physics . While at Duke he played collegiate golf and was a two-time All-American , twice voted to the Outstanding College Athletes of America and was a two-time participant in the NCAA tournament . He won over 40 amateur tournaments including two victories in both the Massachusetts and New England Amateur Championships and one Mid-Atlantic title .
Mallon turned professional in 1975 and joined the PGA Tour after qualifying at Q-school in the fall of 1975 . He played four seasons , 1976–79 , posting three top-10 finishes with the best finish of tied for 5th at the 1977 Joe Garagiola-Tucson Open . He played in the 1977 U.S. Open and was twice in the top 100 on the money list .
Medical career
After leaving the PGA Tour he returned to Duke University to study medicine graduating as an M.D . in 1984 . He was a resident at Duke University medical center between 1984 and 1990 and is now the Associate Consulting Professor of Orthopaedics as well as having his own practice . He specializes in complex reconstructive shoulder and elbow surgery and is a fellow of the American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons , a member of the American Shoulder and Elbow Surgeons , where he served as vice-president in 2012 and will be president in 2014 , and a member of the advisory council of the Institute of Preventative Sports Medicine . He has written widely on the subject of sporting injuries and has been the medical editor of Golf Digest since 1987 . Previously North American editor of the Journal of Shoulder and Elbow Surgery , he has been editor of that publication in 2009 .
Olympics historian
Mallon is also a leading authority on the history of the Olympic Games and has written 24 books on the subject . He was a co-founder and later president of the International Society of Olympic Historians and was historical consultant to the organizing committees of both the Atlanta and Sydney Olympics . Mallon has also been a consultant statistician to the IOC and was awarded the Olympic Order in silver in 2001 for services to the Olympic movement .
Amateur wins
1972 New England Amateur
1973 Massachusetts Amateur
1974 Massachusetts Amateur
1975 Middle Atlantic Amateur , New England Amateur
Professional wins
1976 New England Open
1977 New England Open
Select bibliography
Quest for Gold . Leisure Press New York City 1984 ( with Ian Buchanan )
The Olympic Record Book . Taylor & Francis 1988
Who 's Who der Olympischen Spiele 1896-1992 . Agon-Sportverlag Kassel 1992 ( with Erich Kamper )
The Golf Doctor : How to Play a Better , Healthier Round of Golf . Macmillan 1996 ( with Larry Dennis )
Historical Dictionary of the Olympic Movement . Scarecrow Press 1996 ( with Ian Buchanan )
The 1896 Olympic Games : Results for All Competitors in All Events . With Commentary . McFarland & Company , Jefferson ( North Carolina ) 1997. . ( with Ture Widlund )
The 1900 Olympic Games : Results for All Competitors in All Events . With Commentary . McFarland & Company , Jefferson ( North Carolina ) 1997. .
The 1904 Olympic Games : Results for All Competitors in All Events . With Commentary . McFarland & Company , Jefferson ( North Carolina ) 1999. .
The 1906 Olympic Games : Results for All Competitors in All Events . With Commentary . McFarland & Company , Jefferson ( North Carolina ) 1999. .
The 1908 Olympic Games : Results for All Competitors in All Events . With Commentary . McFarland & Company , Jefferson ( North Carolina ) 2000. . ( with Ian Buchanan )
The 1912 Olympic Games : Results for All Competitors in All Events . With Commentary . McFarland & Company , Jefferson ( North Carolina ) 2001. . ( with Ture Widlund )
The 1920 Olympic Games : Results for All Competitors in All Events . With Commentary . McFarland & Company , Jefferson ( North Carolina ) 2003. . ( with Anthony Bijkerk )
Orthopaedics for the House Officer.Williams and Wilkins 2000 ( with McNamara and Urbaniuk )
Ernest Amory Codman : The End Result of a Life in Medicine . WB Saunders 1999
References
External links
Medical practice
Olympic database website
Archived version of previous Olympic database website
American male golfers
Duke Blue Devils men 's golfers
PGA Tour golfers
Golf writers and broadcasters
Golfers from New Jersey
American orthopedic surgeons
American male non-fiction writers
20th-century American male writers
21st-century American historians
21st-century American male writers
20th-century American historians
Sports historians
Recipients of the Olympic Order
Sportspeople from Paterson , New Jersey
1952 births
Living people
20th-century surgeons
21st-century surgeons
20th-century American physicians
21st-century American physicians
Historians from New Jersey
Lake Park is an unincorporated community in Hudson Township , LaPorte County , Indiana .
Geography
Lake Park is located at .
References
Unincorporated communities in LaPorte County , Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
Eric Weissling ( born January 20 , 1988 ) is a professional basketball coach of Mexican , American and German descent .
Career
He began his professional career as a player assistant with the San Antonio Spurs of the NBA 2004–2012 , while he was there he worked with players such as : Tim Duncan , Manu Ginobili , Tony Parker , Bruce Bowen and many more . During these seven years he was part of two NBA championships ; the first in 2004–2005 against Detroit Pistons and the second in 2006–2007 against the Cleveland Cavaliers .
When he finished his training at St. Mary 's University , he decided to develop as a coach and began to work in professional teams of leagues affiliated with FIBA , National Professional Basketball League LNBP and Pacific Basketball Circuit CIBACOPA . During this period he worked as a player developer , scout , video analysis and training for teams such as : Halcones UV Xalapa ( 2011-2013 ) with a lapse of an intermission back to the San Antonio Spurs ; Pioneros de Los Mochis ( 2014 ) as head coach in some games ; Halcones Rojos de Veracruz ( 2014-2016 ) as interim strength and conditioning coach as well as headhunter ; Nauticos de Mazatlán ( 2015-2018 ) ; Garzas de Plata UAEH ( 2016-2017 ) that during this time , he graduated from Xavier University with a master 's degree in Athlete Development and Coaching Education ; Laguneros de La Comarca ( 2018-2019 ) , Panthers of Aguascalientes ( 2019 ) and Deer of Mazatlán ( 2019-2020 ) .
In 2013 , he was assistant coach of the Mexico National Team 2013 Gold Medalist FIBA and served as main video coordinator in charge of the exploration towards the 2013 FIBA Americas Championship , where they played a historic role winning the gold medal , same that was not obtained by the National Team of Mexico since 1973 . They also received the `` National Sports Award '' , Gold medal in the Central American Championship COCABA . In 2014 he returned to the National Team as a scout and assistant coach for the Central American and Caribbean Games .
In 2016 , he was head coach of the Nauticos de Mazatlán , during that time he was the youngest head coach to win a championship in the Professional Basketball League CIBACOPA at age 27 ; that same year Latinbasket.com would appoint him Coach of the year ; also won the Jump 10 World Hoops Challenge in Shanghai , China , with the National Nautical Team of Mexico .
He led Laguneros de La Comarca as head coach for the inaugural season of this young professional LNBP team in 2018 . He was considered the youngest head coach to lead the National League of the LNBP , breaking barriers and records that few have achieved before , while commanding a team of the highest professional league from Mexico at the age of 30 . He was also invited to compete in the NBA G-League preseason against the Rio Grande Valley Vipers , with an international friendly match against Laguneros . As of 2019 , Coach Weissling made the decision to leave Laguneros and go over and lead a more recognized organization in Panteras de Aguascalientes to close the end of the 2018-2019 LNBP season .
In the 2019–2020 season , Coach Weisling worked hard to return to the United States to the NBA and NBA G League . Before focusing on the adventure in the United States , Coach Weissling led a talented team National Team of Venados de México to participate in the World Top Ten Basketball Challenge 2019 . The team would continue that summer to defeat title contenders in Great Britain , China and both teams from the United States . In the championship game , Mexico would end up falling short against a talented and athletic team from Canada , losing in a tight overtime game and finishing as runner-up in 2019 .
In the fall of 2019 , Coach Weissling competed in the NBA G-League preseason with a collective all-star team from Mexico composed of players from the CIBACOPA professional league . The game was played against the Rio Grande Valley Vipers , current champions of the 2019 NBA G-League .
To kick off 2020 , Coach Weisling will be appointed to the staff of the Mexico men 's national team , take on the role of one of the best coaches in the FIBA AmeriCup qualifier , and receive a great honor for the Olympic qualification . Summer 2020 will take place in Split , Croatia . Due to the spread and spread of the COVID-19 pandemic , the Olympic preliminaries will be suspended until 2021 , when Mexico will compete with Russia , Germany and other difficult groups to compete for Japan 's solo entries to the 2021 Olympics . Additionally , AmeriCup is in conflict with the United States .
Puerto Rico was also suspended until further notice . As Coach Weislin assumes the important responsibility of helping the best Mexican players at the highest international level , Eric will also be appointed as the new head coach of the Vietnam National League VBA Hanoi Buffalo . This VBA season will also be postponed from spring to fall , so that Coach Weissling has time to begin preparations , while learning conversational Vietnamese to better communicate with the players . Coach Weisling will be one of the first FIBA professional coaches with Mexican descent and experience , he will be able to train abroad and break down barriers to become the first Mexican-American professional coach to sign in Asia .
Teams
2004-2011 San Antonio Spurs , National NBA Basketball Association , Assistant Player and Assistant Costume ( CHAMPIONS 2005 and 2007 ) .
2011-2012 Halcones UV Xalapa , National Professional Basketball League , FIBA Mexico , Assistant Coach and Head of Scouting .
2012-2013 Halcones UV Xalapa , National Professional Basketball League , FIBA Mexico , Assistant Coach and Head of Scouting .
2013 Mexico National Team , FIBA COCABA Central American Championship , Assistant Coach and Head of Scouting ( GOLD MEDAL ) .
Mexico National Team 2013 , FIBA Americas Championships , Assistant Coach and Head of Scouting ( GOLD MEDAL ) .
2014 Pioneros de Los Mochis , CIBACOPA Professional , FIBA Mexico , Assistant Coach and Head of Scouting .
2014 Mexico National Team , Central American and Caribbean Games , Assistant Coach and Head of Scouting .
2014-2015 Halcones Rojos de Veracruz , National Professional Basketball League , FIBA Mexico , Assistant Coach and Head of Scouting .
2015 Náuticos de Mazatlán , CIBACOPA Professional , FIBA Mexico , Assistant Coach and Head of Scouting .
2015-2016 Halcones Rojos de Veracruz , National Professional Basketball League , FIBA Mexico , Assistant Coach , Head of Scouting .
2016 Náuticos de Mazatlán , CIBACOPA Professional , FIBA México , Head Coach . ( CHAMPIONS , COACH OF THE YEAR ) .
National Nautical Team of Mexico 2016 , Jump 10 World Hoops Challenge , Shanghai China ; Assistant coach ( CHAMPIONS ) .
2016-2017 Garzas de Plata UAEH , National Professional Basketball League , FIBA Mexico , Assistant Coach and Head of Scouting .
2017 Náuticos de Mazatlán , CIBACOPA Professional , FIBA México , Head Coach .
2018 Náuticos de Mazatlán , CIBACOPA Professional , FIBA México , Head Coach .
2018-2019 Laguneros de la Comarca , National Professional Basketball League , FIBA Mexico ; Coach .
Panteras de Aguascalientes , National Professional Basketball League , FIBA Mexico ; Coach .
2019 Venados de Mazatlán , CIBACOPA Professional , FIBA México , Head Coach .
Mexico National Team Venados 2019 , Jump 10 World Hoops Challenge , Shanghai China ; Head Coach ( SILVER MEDAL )
CIBACOPA Mexico 2019 National Team , Head Coach ; NBA G-League Preseason ( vs. Rio Grande Valley Vipers )
References
1988 births
Living people
Patima Jeerapaet ( ) is a Thai businessman .
Life and education
Patima Jeerapaet is the son of Premsak and Pathama Jeerapaet . Patima Jeerapaet graduated primary and secondary school from Saint Gabriel 's College . He earned his bachelor 's degree in Business Administration ( BBA ) and master 's degree in Business Administration ( MBA ) from Assumption University ( Thailand ) . In 2009 , he received a Doctorate of Philosophy in Management and Organization Development ( Phd . OD ) from Assumption University ( Thailand ) .
He also attended several Top Executive Programs from well-known institutions in Thailand such as the Certificate in Directors Certification Program DCP 66/2005 from the Thai Institute of Directors , Financial Institutions Governance Program ( FGP ) 7/2013 from the Thai Institute of Directors , Top Executives Program ( CMA 13 ) of the Capital Market Academy , an institution of the Stock Exchange of Thailand ( SET ) , Top Executive Program in Commerce and Trade ( TEPCoT 6 ) from Commerce Academy , Top Executive of Urban Development Program ( Mahanakorn 2 ) from the Urban Green Development Institute Bangkok and Top Executive Program for Industrial Development and Investment ( IBID 1 ) from the Institute of Business and Industrial Development .
Working experience
Patima Jeerapaet was the Assistant to Chairman of Phyathai Hospitals Group , Paolo Memorial Hospital Group and CTH Public Company Limited . He was the Vice Chairman of PB Partners .
He spent much of his early career in the real estate business including managing director of C.I.T. Property Consultants Co. , Ltd. or Colliers International Thailand , until he served as the President of Thailand Automotive Institute ( TAI ) in 2012 , working to reach the objective of being one of the top ten highest automotive manufacturers in the world , to expand its testing centre , proving ground , etc . He was the brain behind the success of The Thailand Automotive Institute 's five-year master plan for 2012–2016 .
In 2013 , he was appointed Director General of the Office of the Small and Medium Enterprises Promotion ( OSMEP ) , Director and Secretary of Board of Executive Directors at the Office of Small and Medium Enterprises Promotion , Director and Secretary of Board of Director at the National Board of Small and Medium Enterprises Promotion , and Director of board of directors at Small and Medium Enterprise Development Bank of Thailand ( SME Bank ) ( 2013–2014 ) . He was also one of Working Committee on Initial Proposal Consideration of Eco Car 2 Project .
Relevant experience
Patima Jeerapaet held a position as board member in CTH International Co. , Ltd , WTH Group Co. , Ltd. , WTH Holding Co. , Ltd. and Solution Power Networks Co. , Ltd . He also served as advisor to the Board of Executive Directors of Grande Asset Hotel and Property Public Co. , Ltd .
He was the Advisor of Subcommittee Industry Reform by National Reform Council and the current Advisor to President of The Engineering Institute of Thailand under H.M . The King 's Patronage .
He began his political career as the Advisor to Minister of the Prime Minister 's Office in 2012 . From 2012 to 2013 he served as the Advisor to Committee on Monetary , Finance , Banking and Financial Institutions , the Senate of Kingdom of Thailand and the Advisor of International Trade and Investment at Thailand Trade Representative in 2013 .
In 2011 Patima was announced as the first Thai Chairman of RICS Thailand ( Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors Thailand ) .
Besides being an investor , Patima also played role in Education . He was a special lecturer at Ramkhamhaeng University for 18 years and a special lecturer in Sport Facility Management to Doctoral Degree students Kasetsart University . Moreover , he was the Founder of the Department of Real Estate Management , Faculty of Risk Management and Industrial Services at Assumption University .
Major accomplishments
During his time as the President of Thailand Automotive Institute ( TAI ) , he headed up several successful project including : the Automotive Industry Master Plan 2012–2016 and Study and Analysis of setting up the Automotive Testing and R & D Center .
With moreover than 20 years of experience in the real estate business , Patima had managed a multitude of successful projects . On behalf of The Joint Foreign Chamber of Commerce ( JFCCT Property Committee ) from 2009 to 2010 , he compiled and submitted a white paper for leasehold extension to the Thai Trade Representative office .
He took a recreational interest in Music , and served as Executive Producer of a song project in contribution to His Majesty King Bhumibol Adulyadej 's 60th Anniversary ascension to the throne . He was also the Charity Car Rally organizer for the achievement of His Majesty 's Cup . All proceeds were contributed to the Chaiyapat Association for charity in 1999 .
References
1967 births
Patima Jeerapaet
Patima Jeerapaet
Living people
Yang Yiqing ( ; 1454–1530 ) , courtesy name Yingning ( 應寧 ) , pseudonym Sui'an ( 邃庵 ) or Shizong ( 石淙 ) , was a Chinese scholar-official of the Ming dynasty .
History
Yang 's ancestral home was located in Yunnan , Yiqing followed his father Jing to Yuezhou , since the latter moved to there in 1460 . He was considered a child prodigy at the age of six , and given a privilege to enter the Hanlin Academy for studying . He passed the metropolitan examination of 1468 , and the palace examination of 1472 later . He settled in Dantu , where his father was buried , in the next year . After his mourning , he served as a drafter in the Grand Secretariat since 1476 , then assistant surveillance commissioner of Shanxi some year later . He was appointed as commissioner of education in Shaanxi , and had been conversant with the frontier affairs the eight-year term expired .
Yang held the posts of vice minister of the Court of Imperial Sacrifices , then minister of its counterpart in Nanjing successively . He became vice censor-in-chief and attended to Shaanxi to supervise imperial horse ranches . When Dayan Khan assaulted the frontier , Yang assumed the responsibility of the governor of Shaanxi . He submitted his suggestion to renovate the Great Wall around Ordos , which was approved later .
He was a colleague of Liu Jin . On the pretext of corruption , he was imprisoned until being rescued by and Wang Jin , but had to leave his job then .
When the Prince of Anhua revolted in 1510 , the Zhengde Emperor summoned Yang and delegated him to suppress the revolt with a eunuch Zhang Yong . He used the contradictions between Zhang and Liu to remove the latter . He was promoted to the minister of revenue in autumn of the year and gained the title of the junior protector of the heir apparent . Liu Jin was executed prior to his promotion . He was moved sideways , as the minister of Personnel several months later . He gained the title of the Junior Mentor in 1514 . He took over as the Chief Grand Secretary , when Yang Tinghe was obliged to leave for mourning in 1515 . He blamed the anomalies emerged recently to the incompetent administration in 1516 , which annoyed officials Qian Ning and Jiang Bin who were satirized . They undermined Yang , thus the latter resigned returned to Dantu . Still , the emperor favored Yang , he stayed at Yang 's home for two days , on his inspection to the southern .
Yang was appointed as the supreme commander of the three frontiers of Shaanxi in 1525 , which set a precedent for appointing the retired grand secretary as the frontier supreme commander . Prior to enthroning , the Jiajing Emperor had admired Yang , who endorsed Zhang Cong 's actions in the Great Rites Controversy . Thus the latter gained the title of Junior Preceptor . Yang became the Chief Grand Secretary again in 1527 . Suffered factional strifes , he left in later 1529 . His titles and privilege were deprived , with Cong 's accusation . Then he died in the autumn of 1530 . The court restored his titles in 1548 , besides , he was given the posthumous title `` Wenxiang '' .
Yang and Wang Shouren were close friends supposedly . Yang wrote the tombstone epitaph for Wang 's father and endeavored to free imprisoned Wang , meanwhile Wang prefaced for Yang 's collection , he also felt compassion when Yang was marginalized in the reign of Jiajing .
References
Senior Grand Secretaries of the Ming dynasty
1454 births
1530 deaths
Macoupin County is located in the U.S. state of Illinois . According to the 2010 census , it had a population of 47,765 . The county seat is Carlinville .
The primary industry is agriculture , consisting of crops of corn ( maize ) , soybeans , and some wheat .
History
The region was inhabited by Illinoisan Indians when the first white explorers arrived . Indeed , is an adaptation of the Miami-Illinois term for the American lotus , Nelumbo lutea . None of the native Indians remain , although some descendants of the earliest European settlers claim partial ancestry . The first European contact was by French explorers in the seventeenth century , travelling southward down the major rivers . The main European settlement was from the southwest , as people moved inland from the established transportation route of the Mississippi River .
Macoupin County was established on January 17 , 1829 . It was formed out of Greene and Madison Counties and was named after Macoupin Creek , which runs near Carlinville and meanders southwest to the Illinois River . The economy was based on subsistence agriculture , and communication was to the southwest .
In the middle 19th century , Illinois developed and changed rapidly . The greatest change was in the building of railroads , and Macoupin County was on the rail and road transportation link between St. Louis and the still-young metropolis of Chicago . The county lies midway between St. Louis and the relocated state capital of Springfield . The economy was still based entirely on agriculture , but there was now easier access to markets . Towns were small , sparsely distributed , and any new communities were founded along the railroad lines that provided transportation . Culturally , the county remained closer to its historical ties with St. Louis than to more northerly areas within the state .
Agriculture remained a mainstay of the economy , but this was joined by coal mining , an industry that partially changed the complexion of the county . With coal underlying the entire region , the most economical development was to place mines alongside the railroad tracks ( for transportation of coal ) , and located in or near already-existing towns . By the twentieth century , there were mines in many towns , all of them with substantial populations of foreign-born miners from everywhere in Europe .
During the twentieth century , agriculture and coal mining remained the mainstays of the county 's economy , and the county 's fortunes rose and fell with them . Farming was still family based . Macoupin County was often at the center of major labor disputes between mine owners and miners , and was a hotbed of union activity . The county had previously played a major role in violent 1890s disputes that brought unwanted national attention , was at center stage when the United Mine Workers rose to power , and was again prominent during the internecine war between the UMW and the Progressive Miners of America of the 1930s .
Agriculture remained as the county 's prime economic activity , but farming became a large-scale corporate enterprise , with small family farms rapidly disappearing . Coal mining decreased , and has almost disappeared entirely . Buildings and structures related to coal mining were torn down as they wasted away , so that there is now little to see of this once-major industry .
Towns were ( and still are ) characterized either by a midwestern town square layout , or by a main street layout . In the former , a central city block may be a small park with a gazebo , and with the small businesses of the town surrounding it . In the latter , a single street will have the small businesses of the town lining either side of it . Carlinville has a city square layout , with the main county building occupying the central city block . This building houses all the offices of the county . Typically , churches of the various denominations will lie within two or three blocks of the town square , or sometimes will lie mainly along a single street near the town 's center .
With modern roads easily accessible , some towns in the northern part of the county became virtual bedroom communities as people commuted to Springfield to work and shop , hastening the decline of small businesses in the towns . The same effect was felt in the southernmost part of the county , and in 2005 , the U.S. Census Bureau included the county in the St. Louis Metropolitan Statistical Area due to increased commuting patterns and employment in St. Louis and the Metro-East .
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 0.5 % ) is water .
Climate and weather
In recent years , average temperatures in the county seat of Carlinville have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July , although a record low of was recorded in February 1905 and a record high of was recorded in July 1954 . Average monthly precipitation ranged from in February to in May .
Major highways
Interstate 55
Illinois Route 4
Illinois Route 16
Illinois Route 138
Illinois Route 108
Illinois Route 111
Illinois Route 159
Illinois Route 267
Adjacent counties
Sangamon County - northeast
Montgomery County - east
Madison County - south
Greene County - west
Jersey County - west
Morgan County - northwest
Demographics
As of the 2010 United States Census , there were 47,765 people , 19,381 households , and 13,224 families residing in the county . The population density was . There were 21,584 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 97.6 % white , 0.8 % black or African American , 0.3 % Asian , 0.3 % American Indian , 0.2 % from other races , and 0.9 % from two or more races . Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 0.9 % of the population . In terms of ancestry , 35.8 % were German , 16.2 % were Irish , 13.9 % were English , 9.5 % were American , and 8.0 % were Italian .
Of the 19,381 households , 30.2 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 53.5 % were married couples living together , 9.8 % had a female householder with no husband present , 31.8 % were non-families , and 27.0 % of all households were made up of individuals . The average household size was 2.42 and the average family size was 2.90 . The median age was 41.7 years .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 47,178 and the median income for a family was $ 59,700 . Males had a median income of $ 48,878 versus $ 30,748 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 23,222 . About 9.7 % of families and 12.0 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 17.4 % of those under age 18 and 5.5 % of those age 65 or over .
Communities
Cities
Benld
Bunker Hill
Carlinville ( seat )
Gillespie
Girard
Mount Olive
Staunton
Virden
Towns
Nilwood
Shipman
Villages
Brighton
Chesterfield
Dorchester
Eagarville
East Gillespie
Hettick
Lake Ka-ho
Medora
Modesto
Mount Clare
Palmyra
Royal Lakes
Sawyerville
Scottville
Standard City
White City
Wilsonville
Unincorporated communities
Anderson
Atwater
Barr
Hagaman
Piasa
Plainview
Reader
Womac
Woodburn
Townships
Macoupin County is divided into twenty-six townships :
Barr
Bird
Brighton
Brushy Mound
Bunker Hill
Cahokia
Carlinville
Chesterfield
Dorchester
Gillespie
Girard
Hillyard
Honey Point
Mount Olive
Nilwood
North Otter
North Palmyra
Polk
Scottville
Shaws Point
Shipman
South Otter
South Palmyra
Staunton
Virden
Western Mound
Politics
As part of the rural German Catholic belt surrounding the Illinois section of the St. Louis metropolitan area , Macoupin County traditionally favored the Democratic Party . Up to and including the 2000 election , Macoupin voted for the Republican nominee only in six major landslide victories , and no Republican gained an absolute majority of the county 's vote until Richard Nixon 's 3,000-plus-county landslides victory over George McGovern in 1972 .
The twenty-first century has seen a major change in these voting patterns due to the county 's conservative population . The 2012 election saw Illinoisan Barack Obama become the first Democrat to win the presidency without carrying Macoupin County , and in 2016 Hillary Clinton won less than thirty percent of the vote in this once traditionally Democratic county – a figure eleven percent worse than McGovern 's in his landslide defeat .
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Macoupin County , Illinois
Charles Goodnight
References
External links
Macoupin County web site
Macoupin County fact sheet
Illinois counties
Illinois placenames of Native American origin
1829 establishments in Illinois
Populated places established in 1829
The Women 's T20 Super League is a women 's domestic Twenty20 cricket tournament organised by Cricket South Africa . The tournament began in September 2019 , with four teams taking part ; these teams were renamed for a second competition in December 2019 . The third and latest competition took place in December 2020 , which was won by Coronations .
The tournament aims to give more game time and competition for South Africa 's best women players , with players organised into teams and playing matches at the same ground over a weekend .
History
The tournament began in 2019 , conceived as a way of giving the best South African women cricketers more game time and more competitive cricket . The first tournament took place over a weekend in September 2019 , with four teams playing each other once . The four teams were named after their coaches : Dinesha Devnarain , Martelize van der Merwe , Francois van der Merwe and Claire Terblanche , with the Devnarain XI winning all of their matches to win the title .
The second edition of the tournament took place later that year , in December 2019 . The competition retained the same format , but the teams were renamed : Devnarain XI becoming Coronations , Terblanche XI becoming Starlights , F van der Merwe XI becoming Thistles and M van der Merwe XI becoming Duchesses . Starlights , Duchesses and Coronations all won two matches each , with Starlights triumphing on Net Run Rate .
The third edition of the Super League took place in December 2020 , with a Virtual Draft taking place before the tournament to allocate players . Coronations won their second title ( and first under their new name ) , winning two matches and edging out runners-up Thistles on Net Run Rate .
Teams
Results
References
Women 's T20 Super League
South African domestic cricket competitions
Women 's cricket competitions in South Africa
Recurring sporting events established in 2019
Twenty20 cricket leagues
The Baie des Rochers River is a tributary of the northwest shore of the St. Lawrence River , flowing into the town of Saint-Siméon , in the Charlevoix-Est Regional County Municipality , in the Capitale-Nationale administrative region , Quebec , Canada . The course of this river goes through the village of Baie-des-Rochers before going to the Bay of Rochers , in the St. Lawrence River .
This small valley is served by the `` rue des Tours '' and `` rue de la Chapelle '' ; these two roads connect together at route 138 which goes along the northwest shore of the St. Lawrence River and passes over the Baie des Rochers River at the village of Baie des Rochers .
Forestry is the main economic activity of the sector ; recreational tourism activities ( including resort and tourist activities ) , second .
The surface of this stream is generally frozen from mid-December to late-March . Nevertheless , safe ice traffic is generally from late December to mid-March .
Geography
The main hydrographic slopes near the `` Baie des Rochers river '' are :
North side : Saguenay River ;
East side : Baie des Rochers , St. Lawrence River ;
South side : Port aux Quilles River , Noire River , Port au Persil River , Port au Saumon River ;
West side : Petit Saguenay River .
The Baie des Rochers River rises at the mouth of Baie aux Rochers Lake ( altitude : ) in the forest zone . At the edge of this lake , the resort is established around the southeast bay , because of the secondary road that serves this area . From the mouth of Port aux Quilles Lake , the course of the Port aux Quilles River descends by traveling according to the following segments :
to the north including crossing Long Lake ( length : ; altitude : ) over its full length , up to at its mouth ;
eastward , in particular , crossing the Écluse Lake ( length : ; altitude : ) and the Lake Carp , to the mouth of the latter . Note : the Écluse lake collects the waters of the Petit Lac Emmuraillé and the Petit Lac à Bec Croche from the north ;
easterly passing under high-voltage wires from Hydro-Québec and collecting the outlet of the lake at Pitre , to the bridge of route 138 to the village of Baie-des-Rochers ;
to the east by catching the landfill ( coming from the north of Gervais lake ) and crossing an area of rapids and waterfalls at the end of the route , to the bottom of Baie des Rochers which is open on the Gulf of St. Lawrence .
Toponymy
This toponym refers to the rocks all around the bay and on `` Baie des Rochers Island '' which is located in the middle of the bay .
The toponym `` Rivière de la Baie des Rochers '' was formalized on December 5 , 1968 at the Bank of place names of the Commission de toponymie du Quebec .
See also
St. Lawrence River
Saint-Siméon , Capitale-Nationale , Quebec , a municipality
Baie-des-Rochers , a village
List of rivers of Quebec
References
Rivers of Capitale-Nationale
Charlevoix-Est Regional County Municipality
The men 's high jump event at the 1998 European Athletics Indoor Championships was held on 27 February–1 March .
Medalists
Results
Qualification
Qualification performance : 2.24 ( Q ) or at least 12 best performers ( q ) advanced to the final .
Final
References
Qualification results
Final results
High jump at the European Athletics Indoor Championships
High
Černelavci ( ; ) is a village in the Municipality of Murska Sobota in the Prekmurje region of northeastern Slovenia .
The writer György Czipott was born here .
References
External links
Černelavci at Geopedia
Populated places in the City Municipality of Murska Sobota
Alexandre Poncet ( born in 1884 in Saint-Chamond , Loire ) was a French clergyman and bishop for the Roman Catholic Diocese of Wallis et Futuna . He was appointed bishop in 1935 . He died in 1973 .
After ordination as a priest Poncet served as a chaplain to the French community in London for 15 years , then as a seminary professor in Devon . He was appointed as a priest on Uvea in 1925 for three years , then served on Tongatapu and Niuafoʻou before being made Bishop of Wallis and Futuna in 1935 .
References
1884 births
1973 deaths
French Roman Catholic bishops
Roman Catholic bishops of Wallis et Futuna
In Ukraine , the Word of the Year ( ) poll is carried out since 2013 by Myslovo online user-generated dictionary of Ukrainian slang and neologisms .
Winners
2013 : « Євромайдан » — « Euromaidan » . The word also took the second place in the Russian Word of the year poll .
2014 : « кіборги » — `` cyborgs '' ( a moniker for Ukrainian military defending Donetsk Airport ) .
2015 : « блокада » — blockade ( because of blockade of Russian-annexed Crimea ) .
2016 : « корупція » — corruption ( emphasizing the damaging effect it has on Ukrainian state ) .
2017 : « безвіз » — `` bezviz '' ( a neologism meaning the visa-free regime between Ukraine and the European Union . `` bez viz '' literally means `` without visas '' ) .
2018 : « томос » — tomos ( in reference of the recognition of the autocephaly of the Orthodox Church of Ukraine ) .
References
External links
Myslovo dictionary website
Ukrainian language
Ukraine
Paul A. Knaplund ( February 5 , 1885 , island of Saltstrung in Saltstraumen , near Bodø , Norway – April 8 , 1964 , Madison , Wisconsin ) was a Norwegian-American professor of history at the University of Wisconsin–Madison . He specialized in the history of the British Empire .
Biography
Raised on the farm Knaplundsjyen on the island of Saltstrung , he grew up as the youngest in a family with 10 children . His parents were Martinus Johnsen Knaplund ( 1832–1919 ) and Kristina née Andreasdatter ( 1839–1919 ) .
Knaplund emigrated from Norway to the United States and established his residence at Ostrander , Minnesota in the spring of 1906 . He worked on the farm of Norwegian-American Hans Christensen in 1906 and 1907 . Knaplund became a naturalized U.S. citizen at Red Wing , Minnesota on October 4 , 1913 . He graduated from Red Wing Lutheran Seminary ( now St. Olaf College ) with B.A . in 1913 and from the University of Wisconsin with M.A . in 1914 and with Ph.D. in 1919 . He was a history teacher at Decorah High School in Decorah , Iowa from 1914 to 1916 . In the history department of the University of Wisconsin-Madison , he was an assistant from 1913 to 1914 and from 1916 to 1917 , an instructor from 1917 to 1921 , an assistant professor from 1921 to 1925 , an associate professor from 1925—1927 , and a full professor from 1927 to 1955 , when he retired as professor emeritus .
Knaplund lived in England and did research in British archives from 1922 to 1923 . He was the first American historian to obtain access to William Ewart Gladstones ' private papers . Knaplund 's books , Gladstone and Britain 's Imperial Policy ( 1927 ) and Gladstone 's Foreign Policy ( 1935 ) resulted from his study of Gladstone 's papers . He published articles in the Canadian Historical Review , the American Historical Review , Historisk Tidsskrift ( Oslo ) , the American Journal of International Law , and Current History .
Knaplund was a Guggenheim Fellow for 6 months during the academic year 1926–1927 , when he studied sources in several libraries in England . He married Dorothy King ( 1903-1999 ) of Chicago on June 19 , 1926 . They had two children : Katherine Barbara in 1927 and Paul William in 1928 .
During WW II Professor Knaplund helped Norwegians in exile in the United States . In 1953 he was made a knight of the Order of St. Olav .
Knaplund published his autobiography in 1963 . It contains detailed descriptions of the conditions of Saltstraumen and its environs at the time he grew up and when he visited there in 1916 and 1923 , as well as an elaboration of social identity as a Norwegian and an American .
Knaplund has his burial place in Forest Hill Cemetery in Madison . Upon his death he was survived by his widow , his son , his daughter , and six grandchildren .
Selected publications
Articles
online text
( See Rasmus B . Anderson . )
Books
as editor :
Sources
Bodin Bygdebok , II , 6 A-B , Straumen . Bodø , 2001 .
Simensen , J. Fra Saltstraumen til imperiehistorie : Paul Knaplund , norskamerikaner og historieprofessor . I E. Niemi & C. Smith-Simonsen ( eds . ) , Festskrift til Randi Rønning Balsvik ( pp . 89–105 ) . Oslo : Akad . Publ. , 2009 .
References
1885 births
1964 deaths
20th-century American historians
20th-century American male writers
St. Olaf College alumni
University of Wisconsin–Madison alumni
University of Wisconsin–Madison faculty
Order of Saint Olav
People from Nordland
People from Bodø
Norwegian emigrants to the United States
People with acquired American citizenship
American male non-fiction writers
Vejti ( ) is a village in Baranya county , Hungary .
External links
Street map
Populated places in Baranya County
Werner Zorn ( born 24 September 1942 , in Frankfurt am Main ) is a German computer scientist and Internet pioneer .
From 2001 to 2007 , he was a professor of communication systems at the Hasso Plattner Institute at the University of Potsdam , previously working at the Karlsruhe Institute of Technology as the head of a computer center and a professor .
Life
Zorn , who was the son of professor , attended primary school in Bad Soden from 1949 to 1953 , then the Leibniz Realgymnasium in Frankfurt . After graduating in 1962 , he studied at the Technical University of Karlsruhe , specializing in communications engineering and graduated with a degree in engineering in 1967 . He then earned his doctorate , with his instructor being Karl Steinbuch , with the thesis Setting method for linear and non-linear classifiers ( German : Einstellverfahren für lineare und nichtlineare Klassifikatoren ) in the field of character recognition .
In 1972 , he moved to the newly founded Department of Computer Science of the University of Karlsruhe ( TH ) , where he was responsible for the development , operation and further development of the Informatik-Rechnerabteilung ( IRA ) data center for 25 years . After his appointment as a professor in 1979 , he chose the topics of methodological performance analysis and data communication as one of his main fields , which he has continued to pursue ever since .
With the first German Internet email in 1984 , the connection of China to the international computer networks in 1987 , the founding of the company Xlink in 1989 as one of the first German Internet service providers , Zorn set a number of early milestones for the Internet internationally .
In his capacity as Admin-C for the domain `` germany '' with the e-mail address zorn @ germany , Zorn was involved in the establishment of an open network of different computer networks in the German scientific field ( CSNET , EARN , EUnet and others ) . He came into conflict with the German Research Network DFN and became the main critic of its funding policy , which was strictly OSI-oriented and against the TCP/IP-based Internet . This Internet-OSI Standards War lasted until the early 1990s .
After moving to the Hasso Plattner Institute ( HPI ) at the University of Potsdam in 2001 , Zorn devoted himself to the problem of hierarchically consistent modeling of communication systems in teaching and research , resulting , in particular , in 2007 in a methodologically novel approach to the quantitative analysis of discrete dynamical systems .
Awards ( selection )
2006 : Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany
2013 : Inductee in the Internet Hall of Fame in the Pioneers Category
2014 : Chinese Government Friendship Award
2016 : Ehrenmitglied der Leibniz-Sozietaet der Wissenschaften zu Berlin .
Publications ( selection )
1985 Neueste Netznachrichten Sonderausgabe März 1985
1988 Wie China mit den internationalen Rechnernetzen verbunden wurde
1995 mit Martin Haas : Methodische Leistungsanalyse von Rechensystemen . Handbuch für Informatik 2.6 , A. Endres , H. Krallmann , P. Schnupp ( Hrsg. ) . Oldenbourg Verlag , München
1996 Endet das Internet im Chaos ? , Deutscher Internet Kongress 1996 in Karlsruhe , Mai 1996
1997 Hat Deutschland die Internet-Entwicklung verschlafen ? , Deutscher Internet Kongress 1997 in Düsseldorf , Mai 1997
1998 Über die verfehlte deutsche Internet- Entwicklung
2007 FMC-QE - A New Approach in Quantitative Modeling ( PDF ; 308 kB )
2016 Von der Nützlichkeit verständlicher Begriffsdefinitionen am Beispiel „ Information “ . In : Fuchs-Kittowski , Frank ; Kriesel , Werner ( Hrsg . ) : Informatik und Gesellschaft . Festschrift zum 80 . Geburtstag von Klaus Fuchs-Kittowski . Frankfurt a. M. , Bern , Bruxelles , New York , Oxford , Warszawa , Vienna : Peter Lang Internationaler Verlag der Wissenschaften , PL Academic Research , ( Print ) , E- ( E-Book ) .
Musik & Informatik
1988 Musik und Informatik - ein Brückenschlag , Fassung vom 25 . März 1988 ( Eigenpublikation )
1995 Semesterkonzerts des Collegium Musicum der Universität Karlsruhe , 11 . Februar 1995 Dirigent : Hubert Heitz , Solist : Werner Zorn , Klavier
George Enescu – 2e Rhapsodie Roumaine op . 11 Nr . 2 ; Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart – Konzert für Klavier und Orchester Nr . 19 F-Dur KV 459 ( ab Minute 13:00 )
George Gershwin – Rhapsody in blue ; George Enescu – 1re Rhapsodie Roumaine op . 11 Nr 1 ( ab Minute 39:50 )
External links
Curriculum Vitae
Erste E-Mail nach Deutschland
Veröffentlichungen
History of XLINK
Vor 20 Jahren : Deutscher Internet-Pionier schließt China ans Netz an ( PDF ; 65 kB ) – HPI press release with background information , September 18 , 2007 , last accessed on January 1 , 2016
References
1942 births
Living people
Scientists from Frankfurt
Karlsruhe Institute of Technology faculty
University of Potsdam faculty
German computer scientists
Recipients of the Cross of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany
Internet pioneers
Llanrhuddlad is a village in the community of Cylch-y-Garn , Ynys Môn , Wales , 5 miles ( 8 km ) from Holyhead , 142 miles ( 229 km ) from Cardiff and 225 miles ( 362 km ) from London .
Geography
Llyn ( lake ) Llygeirian , 1½ miles ( 2.5 km ) to the south-east , abounds in flora and fringing marshland . The Isle of Anglesey Coastal Path passes nearby .
Notable resident
The writer Morris Williams , a poet and theologist in Welsh , served as Llanrhuddlad 's Anglican Rector from 1859 until his death on 3 January 1874 . He completed a Welsh metrical version of the Psalms of David ( Y Psallwyr , neu Psalmau Dafydd ) in 1850 .
References
See also
List of localities in Wales by population
Villages in Anglesey
cy : Llanrhuddlad
Jonathan Victor Barros ( born 30 January 1984 ) is an Argentine professional boxer . He held the WBA ( Regular ) featherweight title from 2010 to 2011 .
Professional career
IBF featherweight championship
In March 2010 , Barros lost to IBF featherweight champion Yuriorkis Gamboa and his first shot at a World championship .
WBA featherweight championship
On 4 December 2010 , Barros beat the veteran Irving Berry and won the WBA World featherweight championship . On March 12 , 2011 Barros had his first successful title defense against Miguel Roman , followed by another against Celestino Caballero . However , Barros lost the title in a rematch against Caballero on October 14 , 2011 . Barros lost to undefeated Mikey Garcia on November 10 , 2012 .
IBF featherweight championship
On 15 July 2017 , Barros faced Lee Selby for the IBF featherweight title . Selby started the fight off well , and looked more lively than Barros , moving well and trying to land left hooks . In the sixth , Barros showed resilience as Selby did not look as good as in the early rounds . But Selby got back on his toes in the eighth , boxing well and keeping his advantage on the scorecards . Selby managed to drop Barros in the final round to cement a unanimous decision on the scorecards .
WBC featherweight championship
In his next fight , Barros again challenged for a world title , this time against WBC super featherweight champion Miguel Berchelt . Berchelt started off strong and managed to drop Barros in the second round with a big left hook . Barros managed to get up and continued fighting , until he got dropped again in the third round , when his corner decided to stop the contest .
In his next fight , Barros faced an experienced veteran in Alfredo Santiago . Barros got dominated by his opponent , losing the fight by unanimous decision .
Professional boxing record
{ |class= '' wikitable '' style= '' text-align : center ; font-size:95 % ''
|-
!
! Result
! Record
! Opponent
! Type
! Round , time
! Date
! Location
! Notes
|-
|52
|Loss
|43–8–1
|align=left| Jaime Arboleda
|TKO
|4 ( 10 ) ,
|19 Aug 2021
|align=left|
|align=left|
|-
|51
|Win
|43-7-1
|align=left| Jorge Rodrigo Barrios
|UD
|10
|20 Feb 2021
|align=left|
|
|-
|50
|Win
|42-7-1
|align=left| Guillermo Osvaldo Soloppi
|UD
|6
|20 Sep 2019
|align=left|
|
|-
|49
|Loss
|41-7-1
|style= '' text-align : left ; '' | Alfredo Santiago
|UD
|12
|1 Dec 2018
|align=left|
|align=left|
|-
|48
|Loss
|41-6-1
|style= '' text-align : left ; '' | Miguel Berchelt
|TKO
|3 ( 12 ) ,
|23 Jun 2018
|align=left|
|align=left|
|-
|47
|Loss
|41-5-1
|style= '' text-align : left ; '' | Lee Selby
|UD
|12
|15 Jul 2017
|align=left|
|align=left|
|-
|46
|Win
|41-4-1
|align=left| Satoshi Hosono
|SD
|12
|3 Oct 2016
|align=left|
|align=left|
|-
|45
|Win
|40-4-1
|align=left| Pablo Martin Barboza
|UD
|10
|19 Dec 2015
|align=left|
|align=left|
|-
|44
|Win
|39–4-1
|align=left| Sergio Eduardo Gonzalez
|TKO
|6 ( 10 )
|14 Mar 2015
|align=left|
|align=left|
|-
|43
|Win
|38–4-1
|align=left| Sergio Javier Escobar
|UD
|10
|25 Oct 2014
|align=left|
|align=left|
|-
|42
|Win
|37–4-1
|align=left| Cid Edson Bispo Ribeiro
|KO
|1 ( 10 )
|8 Feb 2014
|align=left|
|align=left|
|-
|41
|Win
|36–4-1
|align=left| Isaias Santos Sampaio
|KO
|2 ( 10 )
|28 Sep 2013
|align=left|
|align=left|
|-
|40
|Win
|35–4-1
|align=left| Diego Alberto Chaves
|KO
|5 ( 6 )
|18 May 2013
|align=left|
|align=left|
|-
|39
|Loss
|34–4–1
|align=left| Mikey Garcia
|TKO
|8 ( 10 )
|10 Nov 2012
|align=left|
|
|-
|38
|Loss
|34–3–1
|align=left| Juan Carlos Salgado
|UD
|12
|18 Aug 2012
|align=left|
|align=left|
|-
|37
|Win
|34–2–1
|align=left| Gustavo Bermudez
|UD
|10
|23 Jun 2012
|align=left|
|align=left|
|-
|36
|Loss
|33–2–1
|align=left| Celestino Caballero
|UD
|12
|14 Oct 2011
|align=left|
|align=left|
|-
|35
|Win
|33–1–1
|align=left| Celestino Caballero
|SD
|12
|2 Jul 2011
|align=left|
|align=left|
|-
|34
|Win
|32–1–1
|align=left| Miguel Roman
|UD
|12
|12 Mar 2011
|align=left|
|align=left|
|-
|33
|Win
|31–1–1
|align=left| Irving Berry
|TKO
|7 ( 12 ) ,
|4 Dec 2010
|align=left|
|align=left|
|-
|32
|Win
|30–1–1
|align=left| Gustavo Bermudez
|KO
|1 ( 10 )
|9 Oct 2010
|align=left|
|align=left|
|-
|31
|Win
|29–1–1
|align=left| Adrian Flamenco
|UD
|8
|29 May 2010
|align=left|
|align=left|
|-
|30
|Loss
|28–1–1
|align=left| Yuriorkis Gamboa
|UD
|12
|27 Mar 2010
|align=left|
|align=left|
|-
|29
|Win
|28–0–1
|align=left| Lazaro Santos de Jesus
|UD
|6
|13 Feb 2010
|align=left|
|align=left|
|-
|28
|Win
|27–0–1
|align=left| Luis Martinez
|KO
|3 ( 8 ) ,
|18 Dec 2009
|align=left|
|align=left|
|-
|27
|Win
|26–0–1
|align=left| Guillermo de Jesus Paz
|UD
|10
|17 Oct 2009
|align=left|
|align=left|
|-
|26
|Win
|25–0–1
|align=left| Carlos Rodriguez
|RTD
|5 ( 10 ) ,
|16 May 2009
|align=left|
|align=left|
|-
|25
|Win
|24–0–1
|align=left| Cristian Palma
|KO
|5 ( 12 )
|7 Feb 2009
|align=left|
|align=left|
|-
|24
|Win
|23–0–1
|align=left| Hardy Paredes
|TKO
|3 ( 10 )
|12 Sep 2008
|align=left|
|align=left|
|-
|23
|Win
|22–0–1
|align=left| Cristian Lopez
|KO
|1 ( 10 ) ,
|26 Jul 2008
|align=left|
|align=left|
|-
|22
|Win
|21–0–1
|align=left| Leandro Almagro
|UD
|6
|26 Apr 2008
|align=left|
|align=left|
|-
|21
|Win
|20–0–1
|align=left| Victor Hugo Paz
|TKO
|2 ( 10 ) ,
|26 Jan 2008
|align=left|
|align=left|
|-
|20
|Win
|19–0–1
|align=left| Pastor Maurin
|DQ
|4 ( 10 )
|29 Sep 2007
|align=left|
|align=left|
|-
|19
|Win
|18–0–1
|align=left| Hector Cisneros
|TKO
|5 ( 6 ) ,
|24 Aug 2007
|align=left|
|align=left|
|-
|18
|Win
|17–0–1
|align=left| Anibal Pieroni
|TKO
|4 ( 6 ) ,
|22 Jun 2007
|align=left|
|align=left|
|-
|17
|Win
|16–0–1
|align=left| Gerardo Gomez
|KO
|9 ( 10 ) ,
|19 May 2007
|align=left|
|align=left|
|-
|16
|Win
|15–0–1
|align=left| Victor Hugo Paz
|UD
|6
|20 Apr 2007
|align=left|
|align=left|
|-
|15
|Win
|14–0–1
|align=left| Gerardo Gomez
|UD
|6
|24 Feb 2007
|align=left|
|align=left|
|-
|14
|Win
|13–0–1
|align=left| Eduardo Ramos
|KO
|2 ( 6 )
|25 Nov 2006
|align=left|
|align=left|
|-
|13
|style= '' background : # abcdef ; '' |Draw||12–0–1||align=left| Victor Hugo Paz
|PTS
|6
|26 Aug 2006
|align=left|
|align=left|
|-
|12
|Win
|12–0
|align=left| Rudy Mairena Ruiz
|UD
|6
|27 May 2006
|align=left|
|align=left|
|-
|11
|Win
|11–0
|align=left| Julio Martinez
|TKO
|4 ( 4 ) ,
|28 Jan 2006
|align=left|
|align=left|
|-
|10
|Win
|10–0
|align=left| Ricardo Arano
|UD
|8
|1 Nov 2005
|align=left|
|align=left|
|-
|9
|Win
|9–0
|align=left| Rudy Mairena Ruiz
|UD
|6
|17 Sep 2005
|align=left|
|align=left|
|-
|8
|Win
|8–0
|align=left| Daniel Vega
|TKO
|2 ( 4 ) ,
|8 Jul 2005
|align=left|
|align=left|
|-
|7
|Win
|7–0
|align=left| Claudio Bejarano
|TKO
|4 ( 4 ) ,
|3 Jun 2005
|align=left|
|align=left|
|-
|6
|Win
|6–0
|align=left| Mauricio Crucce
|TKO
|4 ( 4 ) ,
|9 Apr 2005
|align=left|
|align=left|
|-
|5
|Win
|5–0
|align=left| José Luis Avila
|UD
|4
|13 Nov 2004
|align=left|
|align=left|
|-
|4
|Win
|4–0
|align=left| Claudio Gomez
|UD
|4
|30 Oct 2004
|align=left|
|align=left|
|-
|3
|Win
|3–0
|align=left| Alejandro Gomez
|TKO
|4 ( 4 ) ,
|10 Sep 2004
|align=left|
|align=left|
|-
|2
|Win
|2–0
|align=left| Alejandro Ontivero
|UD
|4
|29 May 2004
|align=left|
|align=left|
|-
|1
|Win
|1–0
|align=left| Luis Mena
|TKO
|3 ( 4 )
|26 Mar 2004
|align=left|
|align=left|
References
External links
Jonathan Victor Barros - Profile , News Archive & Current Rankings at Box.Live
Featherweight boxers
1984 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Mendoza Province
Argentine male boxers
The Pearls of Doctor Talmadge ( German : Die Perlen des Dr. Talmadge ) is a 1925 German silent mystery film directed by Max Obal and starring Ernst Reicher and Alexandra Sorina . It was one of a series of films featuring the detective Stuart Webbs .
It was made at the Emelka Studios in Munich .
Cast
Ernst Reicher as Stuart Webbs , Detektiv
Alexandra Sorina
Hermann Pfanz
Fritz Greiner
Claire Kronburger
John Mylong
References
Bibliography
Rainey , Buck . Serials and Series : A World Filmography , 1912-1956 . McFarland , 2015 .
External links
1925 films
Films of the Weimar Republic
Films directed by Max Obal
German silent feature films
German mystery films
German black-and-white films
1925 mystery films
Bavaria Film films
Films shot at Bavaria Studios
Silent mystery films
World records in the sport of track cycling are ratified by the Union Cycliste Internationale ( UCI ) . Item 3.5.001 of the UCI regulations defines the events in which world records are recognized .
Men
Records recognized by the UCI
Key to tables :
World bests
Women
Records recognized by the UCI
World bests
Notes
See also
Cycling records
References
General
History of World Records – Men 8 November 2021 updated
History of World Records – Women 31 May 2022 updated
Specific
External links
UCI - About Track ( links to records at bottom of page )
Track cycling
Track cycling records
Claudio Borghese ( died 1590 ) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Grosseto ( 1576–1590 ) .
Biography
On 22 August 1576 , Claudio Borghese was appointed during the papacy of Pope Gregory XIII as Bishop of Grosseto .
He served as Bishop of Grosseto until his death in 1590 .
While bishop , he was the principal co-consecrator of : Ascanio I Piccolomini , Coadjutor Archbishop of Siena and Titular Archbishop of Rhodus ( 1579 ) .
References
External links and additional sources
( for Chronology of Bishops )
( for Chronology of Bishops )
Date of birth unknown
1590 deaths
16th-century Italian Roman Catholic bishops
Bishops appointed by Pope Gregory XIII
Bishops of Grosseto
Egg Island is a circular island in diameter and 310 m high , lying west of Tail Island in the northeast part of Prince Gustav Channel . Probably first seen by a party under J. Gunnar Andersson of the Swedish Antarctic Expedition , 1901–04 . Egg Island was charted in 1945 by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey ( FIDS ) , who so named it because of its relative position to Tail , Eagle and Beak Islands .
See also
Composite Antarctic Gazetteer
List of Antarctic and sub-Antarctic islands
List of Antarctic islands south of 60° S
References
Islands of Trinity Peninsula
Mount Edison is an elevation glaciated summit located northwest of Valdez in the Chugach Mountains of the U.S. state of Alaska . Set on land managed by Chugach National Forest , this remote peak is situated northwest of Mount Einstein , near the head Columbia Glacier . It is part of the Dora Keen Range , which is a 25-miles-long divide separating Harvard Glacier from Yale Glacier . The mountain was named by members of the Chugach Mountains Expedition in 1955 , and later officially adopted by the U.S. Board on Geographic Names to honor Thomas Edison ( 1847–1931 ) , who has been described as America 's greatest inventor .
Climate
Based on the Köppen climate classification , Mount Edison is located in a subarctic climate zone with long , cold , snowy winters , and cool summers . Weather systems coming off the Gulf of Alaska are forced upwards by the Chugach Mountains ( orographic lift ) , causing heavy precipitation in the form of rainfall and snowfall . Temperatures can drop below −20 °C with wind chill factors below −30 °C . This climate supports the Harvard , Yale , and Columbia Glaciers surrounding this mountain . The months May through June offer the most favorable weather for climbing .
See also
List of mountain peaks of Alaska
Geography of Alaska
References
Gallery
External links
Weather : Mount Edison
Edison
Edison
Edison
{ { Infobox document
|document_name = Powers for a Purpose : Towards a Lasting Devolution Settlement for Wales
|image = Crowned Portcullis.svg
|image_size = 110px
|image_alt =
|caption =
|date_created = 27 February 2015
|date_ratified =
|date_effective =
|date_repeal=
|location_of_document = Millennium Stadium , CardiffSt David 's Day Command Paper
|writer = Government of the United Kingdom
|signers =
|purpose = To establish a lasting devolution settlement for Wales .
} }
The St David 's Day Agreement , also known as the St David 's Command Paper , is a command paper which set out the proposals of the UK coalition government . It was published in the command paper Powers for a purpose : Towards a lasting devolution settlement for Wales '' . The document was announced on 27 February 2015 , by Prime Minister David Cameron and Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg at the Millennium Stadium in Cardiff , Wales .
Recommendations
The document 's recommendations include :
Energy projects up to 350 megawatts should be decided by the Welsh Government . This would include most offshore wind farms and renewable technologies to harness tidal power and fracking .
The National Assembly should have powers over the development of ports to improve Wales ' transport infrastructure .
The National Assembly should have the power to lower the voting age to 16 for Assembly elections . The Assembly already had the power to lower the voting age to 16 for a referendum on devolving income tax powers .
All powers relating to National Assembly and local government elections should be devolved . This includes deciding the electoral system , the number of constituencies , their boundaries , the timing of elections , and the conduct of the elections themselves .
The Welsh Government should have the power to appoint one member of the Ofcom board to represent Welsh interests .
A review should be carried out of Air Passenger Duty which could open the door for it to be devolved to Wales .
The agreement says the Welsh Government should be able to set its own speed limits and transport regulation for ports , taxis and buses .
The majority of the recommendations of the second report by the Commission on Devolution in Wales , commonly known as Silk II , have gone into this command paper .
Criticism
The command paper was criticised by the Welsh Government for `` not [ treating Wales ] with the same respect as being afforded to Scotland '' . Plaid Cymru , a Welsh nationalist party , called the recommendations `` 3rd rate devolution '' .
See also
Welsh devolution
Notes
Government of Wales
Welsh Government
Politics of Wales
Inspector Nardone ( Italian : Il commissario Nardone ) is a 2012 Italian television miniseries . A crime series , it is based on the real-life figure Mario Nardone , a police officer who operated in the 1950s Milan . It aired in twelve episodes on the Italian channel RAI .
Partial cast
Sergio Assisi as Mario Nardone
Samantha Michela Capitoni as Vanessa
Franco Castellano as Ossola
Sara D'Amario as Rina Fort
Luigi Di Fiore as Corrado Murano
Stefano Dionisi as Sergio Suderghi
Manlio Dovi as Salvatore Cangemi
Giampiero Judica as Checco Trapani
Anna Safroncik as Flò
Giuseppe Soleri as Luigi Bosso
Giorgia Surina as Eliana
Ludovico Vitrano as Peppino Rizzo
Francesco Zecca as Enrico Spitz
Igor Filipovic as Sani
Milan Cucilovic as Curreri
Milena Pavlovic as Pinuccia Somaschini
External links
2012 Italian television series debuts
2012 Italian television series endings
2010s Italian television series
Lasiophila is a butterfly genus from the subfamily Satyrinae in the family Nymphalidae found in South America .
Species
Listed alphabetically :
Lasiophila alkaios Tessmann , 1928
Lasiophila circe C. & R. Felder , 1859
Lasiophila ciris Thieme , 1907
Lasiophila cirta C. & R. Felder , 1859
Lasiophila hewitsonia Butler , 1868
Lasiophila orbifera Butler , 1868 – fiery satyr , obifera satyr
Lasiophila palades ( Hewitson , 1872 )
Lasiophila parthyene ( Hewitson , 1872 ) – Partheyne satyr
Lasiophila phalaesia ( Hewitson , 1868 )
Lasiophila piscina Thieme , 1903 – piscina satyr , white-patched lasio
Lasiophila prosymna ( Hewitson , 1857 )
Lasiophila regia Staudinger , 1897
Lasiophila zapatoza ( Westwood , [ 1851 ] )
References
Satyrini
Nymphalidae of South America
Butterfly genera
Taxa named by Baron Cajetan von Felder
Taxa named by Rudolf Felder
Miesinnei Mercy Genesis ( born 20 September 1997 ) is a Nigerian freestyle wrestler . She won the gold medal in the women 's 50 kg event at the 2022 Commonwealth Games held in Birmingham , England . At the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , she competed in the Women 's freestyle -48 kg .
In 2019 , she won the silver medal in the women 's 50 kg beach wrestling event at the 2019 World Beach Games held in Doha , Qatar . She was stripped of her medal in February 2021 due to anti-doping rule violations .
In 2020 , she won the gold medal in the women 's freestyle 50 kg event at the 2020 African Wrestling Championships .
She competed in the 50kg event at the 2022 World Wrestling Championships held in Belgrade , Serbia .
References
External links
Olympic wrestlers of Nigeria
1997 births
Wrestlers at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Living people
African Games gold medalists for Nigeria
African Games medalists in wrestling
Competitors at the 2015 African Games
Competitors at the 2019 African Games
Doping cases in wrestling
Nigerian sportspeople in doping cases
African Wrestling Championships medalists
Wrestlers at the 2022 Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games gold medallists for Nigeria
Commonwealth Games medallists in wrestling
20th-century Nigerian women
21st-century Nigerian women
The Ploiești National Coal Company ( ) was set up as a commercial endeavor by the Government of Romania in 1957 . The main headquarters of the company is placed in Ploiești , Prahova County . The company has its material base in eight counties Argeș County , Covasna County , Bihor County , Sălaj County , Bacău County , Prahova County , Dâmbovița County and Harghita County with total reserves of 59 million tonnes of coal .
The annual production is around 2 million tonnes of bituminous coal and the total number of employees is around 100 .
References
External links
Official site ( in Romanian )
Coal companies of Romania
Companies based in Ploiești
Radical 90 or radical half tree trunk ( ) meaning `` half of a tree trunk '' or `` split wood '' is 1 of 34 Kangxi radicals ( 214 radicals total ) composed of 4 strokes .
In the Kangxi Dictionary , there are 48 characters ( out of 49,030 ) to be found under this radical .
In the Table of Indexing Chinese Character Components predominantly adopted by Simplified Chinese dictionaries published in mainland China , is listed as the associated indexing component under the 45th principal indexing component . However , the character itself and as in some other characters ( e.g . , , etc . ) are not simplified . Similar inconsistency can also be found in Japanese shinjitai .
Evolution
Derived characters
Literature
External links
Unihan Database - U+723F
090
045
Peter R. Hooper ( 1931 - April 21 , 2012 ) was a British geologist , author , and professor in the Department of Geology at Washington State University . He was best known for his research on the Columbia River Flood Basalt Province ( CRFBP ) .
Hooper Glacier
Hooper Glacier is a glacier in the Palmer Archipelago , Antarctica . It was named after Peter R. Hooper by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee .
Notable Works
Petrology and Chemistry of the Rock Creek Flow , Columbia River Basalt , Idaho
References
British geologists
1931 births
2012 deaths
Body Exit Mind was the second studio album released by the British indie rock band New Fast Automatic Daffodils , released on Play It Again Sam in Europe in October 1992 , and on Elektra Records in March 1993 in the United States .
The record was produced by Craig Leon who is noted for producing the first three Ramones records as well as Blondie .
The album reached number 57 on the UK Album Chart .
Track listing
Bong
It 's Not What You Know
Stockholm
I Take You to Sleep
Bruises
Kyphos
Beatlemania
What Kind of Hell is This ?
American Money
Missing Parts of Famous People
Patchwork Lives
Music
The CD release included a bonus CD EP , with the following tracks :
How Much Longer Shall We Tolerate Mass Culture ?
Teenage Combo
Exit Body , Exit Mind
CD alternative listing :
Bong 4:05
It 's Not What You Know 4:07
Stockholm 5:12
I Take You To Sleep 3:52
Bruises 6:58
How Much Longer Must We Tolerate Mass Culture ? 1:19
Kyphos 4:44
Teenage Combo 0:25
Beatlemania 4:50
What Kind Of Hell Is This ? 0:39
American Money 4:28
Missing Parts Of Famous People 1:05
Patchwork Lives 5:08
Music 8:08
Exit Body , Exit Mind 1:02
Personnel
Andy Spearpoint - vocals
Dolan Hewison - guitar
Justin Crawford - bass guitar
Perry Saunders - drums
Icarus Wilson-Knight - percussion
References
1992 albums
New Fast Automatic Daffodils albums
Atrangii is an Indian Hindi-language general entertainment channel owned by Vibhu Agarwal . It airs several local television shows as well as acquired shows from Pakistani television networks . It will be aired on TV as well as mobile application and website is also there .
History
It was Vibhu Agarwal , the veteran owner of the OTT App called Ullu had later announced that he will launch this channel on all cable and dth platforms . After Box Cinemedia Services Pvt . Ltd replaced their Hindi movie channel Box Cinema . The same day the channel launched .
Current shows
Bheja Fry
Parshuram
Hara Sindoor
Bestsellers
Nishabd
Jaghanya
Hotspot
Deewangi
Upcoming Shows
Ishq Kamina
Kahin Deep Jaley
Ghar Titli Ka Par
Naagin
Nand
Former Shows
Acquired
Dil-e-Gumshuda
Muqaddar
Dramas
Nishabd
References
External links
Official facebook page of Atrangii
Hindi-language television channels in India
Television channels and stations established in 2022
Hindi-language television stations
Television stations in Mumbai
The FIVB Volleyball Men 's World Cup is an international volleyball competition contested by the senior men 's national teams of the members of ( FIVB ) , the sport 's global governing body . Initially the tournament was played in the year following the Olympic Games , except for 1973 when no tournament was held , but since 1991 the World Cup has been awarded in the year preceding the Olympic Games . The current champion is Brazil , which won its third title at the 2019 tournament .
The current format of the competition involves 12 teams , including the automatically qualifying host nation Japan , competing in the tournament phase for the title at venues within the host nation over a period of about two weeks . The World Cup ( with exception of the 2019 edition ) acts as the first qualification event for the following year 's Olympic Games with the top two teams qualifying .
The 14 World Cup tournaments have been won by six different national teams . Russia have won six times ( four as Soviet Union ) . The other World Cup winners are Brazil with 3 titles ; United States with 2 titles ; and Cuba , Italy and Germany ( as East Germany ) , with one title each .
This tournament should not be confused with the FIVB Volleyball Men 's World Championship .
History
Origins
The World Cup was created in 1965 with the purpose of partially filling the gap between the two most important volleyball tournaments , the Olympic Games and the World Championship , which take place in alternating 4-year cycles . The establishment of a third international competition would leave only one in every four years with no major events . The World Cup has a smaller entry than the World Championship , with at most 12 teams .
The World Cup was to be held in the year following the Olympic Games . The first two tournaments were for men 's volleyball only ; in 1973 , a women 's tournament was also introduced . Originally , each tournament had a different host , but in 1977 the competition was transferred to Japan on a permanent basis .
In the 1990s , the installment of annual international events such as the World League and the Grand Prix made the original motivations for the creation of the World Cup obsolete . Instead of letting a consolidated event disappear for lack of interest , the FIVB decided to change its format in 1991 : it would be held in the year preceding , and not following , the Olympic Games ; and it would be considered a first international Olympic qualification tournament , granting the winners a direct berth in the games .
This move saved the competition . The possibility of securing an early berth for the Olympic Games , thus avoiding extraneous and in some cases tight continental qualification procedures , became a consistent motivation for the national federations to participate in the World Cup . In 1995 , the number of Olympic spots granted at the competition was increased to three , as it remained until 2011 . In 2015 the number of spots was only two again .
Winners
Russia ( considered as the inheritors of the records of the former Soviet Union ) , Brazil and United States are the only teams that have won the Men 's World Cup more than once .
The Soviets took the gold at the opening edition of the tournament , in 1965 . Four years later , the winner was also a socialist nation , East Germany .
Scheduled for Uruguay , the 1973 edition was cancelled . In 1977 , competition was resumed in Japan , and the Soviet Union came back for two wins in a row . In 1985 , they were once again runners-up , but lost the decisive match to the United States in five sets . In 1989 , Cuba surprised the world and beat a rising Italy to take the gold .
With the competition now set as a qualifying event for the Olympic Games , the Soviet Union , led by Dmitri Fomin won the title in 1991 , at the brink of dissolution . The Italians , who had n't participated in this edition , finally conquered their gold medal in 1995 . Inheriting a large part of the former Soviet volleyball programme , Russia were the winners in 1999 .
The following two editions , played in 2003 and 2007 respectively , were won by favorites Brazil . In 2011 , Russia regained the title , while the 2015 edition was won by the United States for the second time . Brazil won the title for the third time in 2019 .
Competition formula
The World Cup is the most stable from all competition formulas employed by the FIVB . The following rules apply :
The competition takes place in Japan .
Twelve teams participate in each event : ten qualified , two per invitation .
Japan are always pre-qualified as host nation .
The winners of the FIVB World Championship in the previous year are automatically granted a spot .
The champion and runner-up of each continental tournament of that year are granted two spots .
Since the 1999 edition , only teams not yet qualified for the following Olympic Games can compete in the World Cup ; hence hosts of the following year 's Olympic Games are not allowed to compete . There will be an exception for the 2019 World Cup , as the tournament will be hosted by Japan and the country will host the 2020 Summer Olympics .
The competition is divided in exactly two phases ( called `` legs '' ) .
Teams are divided in two pools .
At the first leg , each team plays one match against all other teams in its pool .
At the second leg , each team plays one match against all the teams in the other pool .
Matches take place continuously through two weeks , with one-day breaks every two or three days . Each day , six matches are played .
Final standings are calculated by usual volleyball criteria : match points , numbers of matches won , sets ratio ( the total number of sets won divided by the total number of sets lost ) , points ratio , direct confrontation .
Top two teams in overall standings , regardless of pools , qualify for the following Olympic Games .
The tournament implements very tight line-up restrictions : only twelve players are allowed , and no replacement is permitted , even in the case of injuries .
Results summary
Medals summary
Debut of national teams
Participating nations
Legend
– Champions
– Runners-up
– Third place
– Fourth place
– Did not enter / Did not qualify
– Hosts
= – More than one team tied for that rank
Q – Qualified for forthcoming tournament
MVP by edition
1977 –
1981 –
1985 –
1989 –
1991 –
1995 –
1999 –
2003 –
2007 –
2011 –
2015 –
2019 –
See also
Volleyball at the Summer Olympics
FIVB Volleyball Women 's World Cup
FIVB Volleyball Men 's World Championship
FIVB Volleyball World Grand Champions Cup
FIVB Volleyball World League
FIVB Volleyball Men 's Nations League
List of Indoor Volleyball World Medalists
Notes
References
External links
V
International volleyball competitions
International men 's volleyball competitions
Quadrennial sporting events
World cups
Energy poverty is defined as lacking access to the affordable sustainable energy service . Geographically , it is unevenly distributed in developing and developed countries . In 2019 , there were an estimated 770 million people who have no access to electricity , with approximately 95 % distributed in Asia and sub-Saharan Africa .
In developing countries , poor women and girls living in the rural areas are significantly affected by energy poverty , because they are usually responsible for providing the primary energy for households . In developed countries , old women living alone are mostly affected by energy poverty due to the low income and high cost of energy service .
Even though energy access is an important climate change adaptation tool especially for maintaining health ( i.e . access to air conditioning , information etc . ) , a systematic review published in 2019 found that research does not account for these effects onto vulnerable populations like women .
In developing countries
Domestic responsibilities
In developing countries , energy poverty has significant gender characteristics . Approximately 70 % of the 1.3 billion population in the developing countries living in poverty are women . Women living in rural areas are usually responsible for housework , including gathering fuels and water , cooking , farming etc . Studies in India indicates that rural women provide approximately 92 % of total household energy supply , and 85 % of their energy for cooking is provided by the biomass from forests or fields .
Health impacts from energy consumption
Energy poverty in rural households causes the health problems of women and children . One health problem is caused by indoor air pollution from traditional stoves . Study indicated that cooking with biomass is predicted to lead to 1.5 million deaths per year by 2030 . The other health risks are caused by the heavy workload of collecting fuels and exposed to malnutrition . Meanwhile , the scarcity of fuel makes them less likely to use the fuels for cooking waters , which might increase risk of water-borne diseases .
Time poverty
Energy poverty further affects women by putting them into the situation of `` time poverty '' , which refers to the lack of time for resting , working outsides , getting education etc . It is the consequence of spending a long time gathering the fuels to supply the domestic energy use . The forest degradation caused by climate change might exaggerate the current problem .
Participation in decision-making
Studies also show that in the rural areas in developing countries , men usually have more power in making decision in purchasing energy devices or new technologies . Excluding women from participating public discussion and decision-making process is likely to lead to the failure in addressing the effects of energy poverty on women .
Example
In sub-Saharan African countries , energy poverty is especially challenging , due to the high cost of extending grid electricity in existing scattered rural settlement . For example , in Tanzania , energy poverty is affecting the livelihood of the majority , with only 15.5 % of the population has access to electricity . The lack of electricity leads to the missing of efficient energy services like cooking , lighting etc . Hence the basic capabilities for development , like education , health , transportation are restricted . In face of energy poverty , the burden of supplying household energy use disproportionately lays on women than men . A case study in Tanzania examines impact of a women-oriented solar lighting social enterprise project on health , education , livelihood and gender equality . The results indicate that increasing the accessibility to energy service for women , could contribute to empowering women , children and local families ' development .
In developed countries
In developed countries , lone and old women are affected disproportionately by energy poverty . There are more women living alone than men because of their relatively longer life expectancy . Those older women usually have fewer pensions to support themselves , because they worked mostly inside the house . The rise in energy cost affects the affordability of heating and cooling service at home . Data from the UK Office for National Statistics indicates that , women have higher Excess Winter Mortality ( EWM ) more than men , and there is an increase of EWM from 8.2 % to 12.4 % between 2013 and 2012 , among women under 65 . Furthermore , the increasing energy price , relative low income , and together energy-inefficient houses contribute to energy poverty in developed countries .
Components
There are gender gaps in the energy labor market , energy-related education and decision-making process in developed countries . In the European Union , men dominant the energy sector with 77.9 % in the workforce . Studies show that the under-representation is attributed to the following reasons : lack of necessary skills caused by the energy education gap , the perception of stereotypical men-domain energy sectors , and lack of opportunities for women working in energy sectors . The gendered energy education is related to the traditional images of ‘ feminine ' or ‘ masculine ' subjects as well as the lack of mentoring programs engaging female students to study in science subjects , like energy . Women are also under-represented in the decision-making process in energy sections in developed countries . A study conducted in Germany , Sweden and Spain shows that there is no female staff work in management group or as board member in the 295 energy companies they investigated in 2010 . Similar situation is observed in the public energy sector , with 82.7 % of high-level position occupied by men , though it is better in Nordic countries than in Mediterranean countries . Those gender gaps contribute to the `` gender blindness '' in the energy policies in developed countries .
Example
Caitlin Robinson ( 2019 ) conducted a study on gender and poverty in England . With the socio-spatial analysis , he argued that energy poverty could increase the gendered vulnerabilities . Five dimensions of gendered socio-spatial energy vulnerability are examined , including
Exclusion from a productive economy
Unpaid reproductive , caring or domestic roles
Coping and helping others to cope
Susceptibility to physiological and mental health impacts
Lack of social protection during a life course ``
The result indicated that energy poverty is connected with economic and social activities and health , but more complex effects of energy vulnerability and gender should be analyzed at the household level , since it is relatively individual .
Responses
Some research indicates that investing in low-emission energy technologies can increase the accessibility to modern energy services , which will benefit the women living in energy poverty . The low-emission technologies are believed to be able to free poor women from fuel collection and drudgery , protect them from the air pollution caused by burning biomass , and enable them to have time for education and participating in public discussion etc .
Other research argues that merely technologies approach is not enough , and suggests engaging local women in the decision-making process for locally appropriate energy programs .
Pueyo & Maestre ( 2019 ) further studied whether men and women benefit differently in electrification . The results indicate that electrification benefits women in accessing paid works , but not as much as men . Women still have relatively lower quality works after electrification . Policies that address gender mainstreaming are suggested to consider both women 's existing domestic work , and their accessibility to profitable activities , hence empowering them for long-term development .
References
Energy
Gender
Gender equality
The Terebici ( ) is a left tributary of the river Mureș in Transylvania , Romania . It discharges into the Mureș in Sângeorgiu de Mureș . Its length is and its basin size is .
References
Rivers of Romania
Rivers of Mureș County
The Joli Fou Formation is a stratigraphical unit of middle Albian age in the Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin . It takes the name from the Joli Fou Rapids on the Athabasca River , and was first described in an outcrop along the river , downstream from Joli Fou Rapids , by RTD Wickenden in 1949 .
Lithology
The Joli Fou Formation is composed of shale with minor sandstone lenses . The shale is non-calcareous , dark grey , while the sandstone lenses are fine to minor medium grained , quartzose or micaceous . In central Saskatchewan , the unit contains glauconitic sandstone and mudstone interbeds .
Distribution
The Joli Fou Formation is thick at its type section , and reaches up to in southern Saskatchewan . It occurs throughout the Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin , from the Rocky Mountain Foothills to south-central Saskatchewan .
Relationship to other units
The Joli Fou Formation is the basal ( oldest ) formation of the Colorado Group . It is overlain by the Viking Formation ( disconformably in south-eastern Saskatchewan ) and conformably underlain by the upper Mannville Group ( Grand Rapids Formation in north-eastern Alberta , Pelican Formation in southern Alberta ) .
It is equivalent to the lower Ashville Formation in southern Manitoba , the Skull Creek Shale in North Dakota and parts of the Blackleaf Formation in northern Montana .
In south-eastern Alberta , the base of the Formation contains the Cessford Sand marker , consisting of sandstone , siltstone and mudstone .
The Joli Fou Formation was previously referred to as the Pelican Shale , but renamed in 1949 to avoid confusion with the overlying Pelican Sandstone beds .
References
Cretaceous Alberta
Stratigraphy of Saskatchewan
The Chaohu–Ma'anshan intercity railway is a high-speed railway in Anhui Province , China . It will be long and have a maximum speed of . The line is expected to be completed in 2026 .
Stations
References
High-speed railway lines in China
High-speed railway lines under construction
Seedfolks ( 1997 ) is a children 's novella written by Paul Fleischman , with illustrations by Judy Pedersen . The story is told by a diverse cast of characters living on ( or near ) Gibb Street in Cleveland , Ohio , each from a different ethnic group . Chapter by chapter , each character describes the transformation of an empty lot into a vibrant community garden , and in doing so , they each experience their own transformations .
Awards and recognitions
ALA Best Books for Young Adults ( 1998 )
Buckeye Children 's Book Award ( 1999 ) , Grades 6-8
Special Book Award of China ( 2008 )
References
Fleischman , Paul . Seedfolks . HarperTrophy , 1997 . Print .
Fleischman , Paul . Seedfolks . HarperTeen , 1999 . Print .
External links
About Seedfolks
1997 American novels
American children 's novels
Novels set in Cleveland
Novels by Paul Fleischman
1997 children 's books
Children 's novellas
Philippe Langlois in Norman language : Ph'lippe Langliais ( 22 September 1817 – 19 June 1884 ) was a Norman language writer in Jèrriais . He wrote under the pen name of `` Un Luorenchais , as well as `` P.L . `` .
Langliais came from an old family of St Lawrence in Jersey . He studied in Caen and Paris and qualified in medicine in Dublin where he was received into the Royal College of Surgeons . A scholar and scientist , he was also Deputy of St Lawrence , Jurat of the Royal Court ( elected 27 June 1876 ) and major and medical officer in the Royal Jersey Militia .
As president of La Société Jersiaise , Langliais collaborated on the beginnings of the Glossaire du Patois Jersiais with his colleague Augustus Asplet Le Gros .
Langliais was a prolific poet : each of his published poems corresponds to perhaps two left in manuscript , in French and in English .
His best known and best written pieces in Jerriais are in Lé Vièr Temps and Lé Jèrriais .
References
Eune Collection Jèrriaise , Jersey , 2007
1817 births
1884 deaths
Norman-language writers
Jersey writers
People from Saint Lawrence , Jersey
Deputies of Jersey
Mahuaa Bangla was an Indian Bengali-language general entertainment television channel launched by Mahuaa Media Private Limited , launched in 2010 . It later ceased transmissions in 2012 .
About the channel
Owned by Mahuaa Media Pvt . Ltd. , the owners of a Bhojpuri Channel with the same name , they announced their plans of launching a Bengali Channel . On 9 July 2010 , the officials of MMPL organised a press conference in Kolkata , and at the same time unveiled the logo of the channel and its programming line-up . Mahuaa Bangla ceased operations in December 2012 .
Former Shows
Janmantar
Duorani
Harano Sur ( 2010 TV series )
Vish Kanya ( TV series )
Kajori ( TV series )
Reality Shows
Ke Hobe Banglar Kotipoti ( Season 1 )
Sur - Sangram Bangla
Twinkle Twinkle Little Stars
See also
Mahuaa TV
References
External links
Official Mahuaa Bangla website ( closed now )
Bengali-language television channels in India
Television stations in Kolkata
Television channels and stations established in 2010
2010 establishments in West Bengal
Television channels and stations disestablished in 2012
Luther Baxter `` Bud '' Thomas ( September 9 , 1910 – May 20 , 2001 ) , was an American professional baseball pitcher . He played in Major League Baseball ( MLB ) for the Washington Senators , Philadelphia Athletics , and Detroit Tigers .
Biography
He was born in Faber , Virginia and died in North Garden , Virginia . On April 23 , 1939 , Thomas surrendered the first major League home run ever hit by Red Sox legend Ted Williams . Thomas pitched to Babe Ruth twice , striking him out the second time .
Although posting only a .120 batting average ( 18-for-150 ) in 143 games , Thomas was good defensively . He recorded a .984 fielding percentage with only two errors in 122 total chances in 526 innings pitched .
References
External links
1910 births
2001 deaths
People from Statesboro , Georgia
Major League Baseball pitchers
Baseball players from Virginia
Detroit Tigers players
Washington Senators ( 1901–1960 ) players
Philadelphia Athletics players
People from Nelson County , Virginia
Albany Senators players
Atlanta Crackers players
Beaumont Exporters players
Buffalo Bisons ( minor league ) players
Chattanooga Lookouts players
Wheeling Stogies players
Williamsport Grays players
Youngstown Buckeyes players
Door Village is an unincorporated community in Scipio Township , LaPorte County , Indiana . It was founded in 1836 .
The site of the Old Fort at Door Village which was built in 1832 and a marker designates the site . A young man rode his Indian pony from Fort Dearborn to this part of the country to warn the settlers that Black Hawk and his Indians were coming on the warpath . The opening between the great forests which came down from the north and up from the south , was designated by the French voyageurs as `` La Porte '' or the door , from which La Porte County derived its name . The Marker is located on Joliet Road , on the north side near the intersection with Long Lane .
Joliet Road follows the Old Sauk Trail from the south side of present-day LaPorte to the Town Of Westville .
Geography
Door Village is located along the ancient Sauk Trail at .
References
Unincorporated communities in LaPorte County , Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
The 2018–19 season was Dundee 's fifth consecutive season in the top flight of Scottish football since their promotion at the end of the 2013–14 season . Dundee also competed in the League Cup and the Scottish Cup . On 4 May , Dundee were automatically relegated to the Championship .
Season Summary
Dundee player Paul McGowan admitted in court to spitting on a bouncer after leaving a nightclub after the previous seasons awards . Dens manager Neil McCann admitted there was `` No positives '' to take from the defeat in their second League Cup group match to Dunfermline Athletic in which they lost 1–0 . Dundee were knocked out of the Second Round of the League Cup by Ayr United with manager Neil McCann saying the `` 3-0 scoreline probably flattered us . '' Neil McCann said it was a `` sore one to take '' after Dundee 's loss against Hibernian , their sixth straight league loss leaving them pointless at the bottom of the league . On 16 October , McCann was sacked from his role , taking assistant manager Graham Gartland with him and leaving the club bottom of league with 7 defeats in 8 league matches . On 17 October , the club announced Jim McIntyre as their new manager . Jim would have a poor start to his stint as Dundee manager , where the team lost 4 games in a row , conceding 13 goals and scoring none in that space . Starting with a home draw against relegation rivals St Mirren , Dundee would go on an unbeaten streak , coming back from 2 goals down to draw at Easter Road and earning a decisive 4–0 victory over Hamilton Accies . However , they failed to win another match until after the winter break at Hearts . Dundee also crashed out of the Scottish Cup with a 3–0 defeat in a replay away to Queen of the South . Dundee ended the pre-split fixtures by losing 7 matches , the joint worst run throughout the League season . This losing run continued after the split , and the club were relegated on 4 May in a 1–0 loss to Hamilton Academical with ex-Dundee United player Tony Andreu scoring the winner in the 83rd minute after a penalty was conceded by Ryan McGowan . This loss marked their tenth in a row , the worst run of defeats in the Premiership in 15 years . On 12 May , Jim McIntyre and assistant manager Jimmy Boyle were sacked by the club . Ex-player and reserve team coach James McPake was named as interim manager for the final game against St Mirren . Darren O'Dea would also play his final professional game against St Mirren , but would be sent off just 22 minutes into the game , in what would finish as a 2–3 defeat .
Competitions
Premiership
Scottish Cup
League Cup
Group stage
Knockout stage
Squad statistics
Appearances
|-
|colspan= '' 14 '' |Players who left the club during the season :
| }
Goal scorers
Club statistics
League table
Group D Table
Results by round
Transfers
Players in
Players out
Loans in
Loans out
See also
List of Dundee F.C . seasons
Notes
References
Dundee F.C . seasons
Dundee
Khana Junction is a railway station in Bardhaman Sadar North subdivision of Purba Bardhaman district in the Indian state of West Bengal .
History
During the middle of the nineteenth century , Carr , Tagore and Company transported coal from Narayankuri ghat on the Damodar River to Kolkata , then known as Calcutta . However , as the flow of water in the river was inconsistent , supplies were irregular . In order to capture the lucrative coal transport business , East Indian Railway , extended the railway track that had been laid between Kolkata and Hooghly to Raniganj in 1855 .
Construction of what was then considered to be the Howrah–Delhi main line was started in 1859 , when the Khana Junction-Rajmahal line was built . In 1866 Kolkata –and Delhi were directly linked . With the completion of the long line connecting Raniganj with Kiul in 1871 , a `` shorter main line '' was in position . Initially , it was called the chord line . However , as it attracted more traffic it was designated the main line and the original line , operating between Khana Junction and Kiul Junction , became the Sahibganj loop .
References
Railway stations in Purba Bardhaman district
Railway junction stations in West Bengal
Howrah railway division
Railway stations in India opened in 1854
1854 establishments in India
Miner Gibbs Norton ( May 11 , 1857 – September 7 , 1926 ) was an American lawyer and politician who served one term as a U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1921 to 1923
Biography
Born in Andover , Ohio , Norton attended the public schools , the National Normal University , Lebanon , Ohio , and Baldwin-Wallace College , Berea , Ohio .
He graduated from Mount Union College , Alliance , Ohio , in 1878 and from the law department of Yale College in 1880 .
He was admitted to the bar in the latter year and commenced practice in Cleveland , Ohio .
He served as director of law of Cleveland , Ohio 1895-1899 .
He served as chairman of the Republican State executive committee in the early nineties .
United States appraiser for the northern district of Ohio 1905-1909 .
Congress
Norton was elected as a Republican to the Sixty-seventh Congress ( March 4 , 1921 – March 3 , 1923 ) .
He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1922 to the Sixty-eighth Congress .
Later career and death
He resumed the practice of law in Cleveland .
He was appointed by President Coolidge collector of customs at Cleveland on February 7 , 1925 , and served until his death in Cleveland , Ohio , September 7 , 1926 .
He was interred in Oakdale Cemetery , Jefferson , Ohio .
Sources
1857 births
1926 deaths
National Normal University alumni
Baldwin Wallace University alumni
University of Mount Union alumni
Ohio lawyers
Yale Law School alumni
People from Ashtabula County , Ohio
19th-century American lawyers
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Cassia County is a county in the U.S. state of Idaho . As of the 2020 Census the county had a population of 24,655 . The county seat and largest city is Burley . Cassia County is included in the Burley , ID Micropolitan Statistical Area .
History
The first Europeans explored the Milner area in Cassia County in 1811 . It was trappers who initially developed the Oregon Trail , which ran on the county 's northern border . The Raft River 's junction with the Oregon Trail marked the split for the California Trail .
While the Oregon and California trails brought hundreds of thousands of emigrants through Cassia County , it also brought settlers . A stage line through the county was established between Kelton , Utah and Boise , Idaho in 1869 . A stage station existed at City of Rocks . Additional stations were spaced at increments of 10–12 miles between stations to include one at Oakley Meadows , in the Goose Creek valley two miles west of the present settlement of Oakley .
William Oakley settled at the Oakley Meadows station in 1870 . Cattle operations also developed starting in 1872 . Settlement began at nearby Albion in 1873 with significant Mormon settlement in 1875 . By 1880 , Albion had a population of 257 . Mormon settlement at Oakley also began on June 1 , 1878 , when four Mormon men each staked out 160 acres for their settlement . Settlements remained primarily agricultural with more than 38,000 head of cattle in the area by 1885 . Settlement at Malta occurred prior to 1890 , as the Malta precinct had 172 residents at the 1890 census .
Albion State Normal School was established at Albion in 1893 . The school was focused on training Idaho teachers until 1951 when its programs were transferred to Idaho State College ( now Idaho State University ) in Pocatello .
Burley was platted and settled in 1905 after a branch of the Oregon Shortline was constructed through the town . Declo was settled under the name of Marshfield by 1909 .
Cassia County was created from Owyhee County on February 20 , 1879 , with Albion becoming the county seat . A western portion became Twin Falls County in 1907 . The county assumed its present boundaries when an eastern portion became Power County on January 30 , 1913 . The county seat was moved to Burley in 1918 . The county was named for Cassia Creek , which in turn was named either for John Cazier , a member of the Mormon Battalion and an emigrant train captain , or for a plant found in the area .
Government
Elected Officials
Similar to other Idaho counties , an elected three-member county commission heads the county government . Other elected officials include clerk , treasurer , sheriff , assessor , coroner , and prosecutor .
County Commission
District 1 : Leonard Beck ( chair )
District 2 : Robert Kunau
District 3 : Kent Searle
Other Elected Officials
Clerk : Joseph Larsen
Treasurer : Laura Greener
Sheriff : George Warrell
Assessor : Dwight Davis
Coroner : Craig Rinehart
Prosecuting Attorney : McCord Larsen
Cassia County is in Idaho 's 2nd congressional district and represented by Congressman Mike Simpson . At the state level , Cassia County is in Legislative District 27 , represented by Senator Kelly Anthon of Declo , Speaker Scott Bedke of Oakley and Fred Wood of Burley .
Politics
At every level , Cassia County is a Republican Party stronghold . All county-level offices are held by Republicans and have been for decades . Republican primaries are tantamount to election to office , as Democrats rarely field challenges for county or state legislative office . Cassia County is one of the most consistently Republican counties in the state , and in the gubernatorial election of 2010 Republican Butch Otter carried Cassia County with 76.54 % to Democrat Keith Allred 's 16.73 % . In the presidential election of 2012 , Mitt Romney , whose father lived for a few years in his youth in Oakley , carried Cassia County with 85.2 % while Barack Obama received 13.1 % . The last Democratic presidential candidate to carry Cassia County was Franklin Roosevelt in the election of 1940 edging out Wendell Willkie by around 100 votes .
State legislators from Cassia County traditionally hold their seats for long periods of time . Two of the longest serving legislators in Idaho history were from Cassia County : Vard Chatburn of Albion who served in the House of Representatives from 1957 to 1986 and Denton Darrington in the Senate who served from 1982 to 2012 . Because legislators rarely lose their seats , legislators representing Cassia County are often in leadership or chair committees . Since 2012 , Representative Bedke has served as Speaker of the House . Bruce Newcomb of Burley also served as Speaker from 1998 to 2006 .
Though born in Burley , Congressman Simpson now lives in Idaho Falls . The only other member of congress with ties to the county is Henry Dworshak who represented Idaho 's 2nd congressional district and later served in the Senate . He lived in Burley and was the publisher of the Burley Bulletin . A Burley elementary school is named after him .
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 0.6 % ) is water . The county 's highest point is Cache Peak at an elevation of above sea level in the Albion Mountains , and the lowest is Milner Lake , a reservoir on the Snake River , at .
The northern half of the county is part of the Magic Valley region of the Snake River Plain , and numerous mountain ranges extend north from the southern boundary and diminish as they approach the river , which flows from east to west .
The Silent City of Rocks National Reserve , containing exposed granitic batholith as old as 2.5 billion years , is located in the southern part of the county .
Adjacent Counties
Minidoka County - north
Blaine County - north
Power County - northeast
Oneida County - east
Box Elder County , Utah - southeast
Elko County , Nevada - southwest/Pacific Time Border
Twin Falls County - west
Jerome County - northwest
Highways
Interstate 84
Interstate 86
US 30
SH-27
SH-77
SH-81
National protected areas
City of Rocks National Reserve
Minidoka National Wildlife Refuge ( part )
Sawtooth National Forest ( part )
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000 , there were 21,416 people , 7,060 households , and 5,485 families living in the county . The population density was 8 people per square mile ( 3/km2 ) . There were 7,862 housing units at an average density of 3 per square mile ( 1/km2 ) . The racial makeup of the county was 84.69 % White , 0.17 % Black or African American , 0.80 % Native American , 0.37 % Asian , 0.05 % Pacific Islander , 12.06 % from other races , and 1.87 % from two or more races . 18.74 % of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race . 23.1 % were of English , 13.8 % American and 12.9 % German ancestry .
There were 7,060 households , out of which 42.40 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 65.20 % were married couples living together , 8.80 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 22.30 % were non-families . 19.50 % of all households were made up of individuals , and 9.50 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older . The average household size was 2.99 and the average family size was 3.46 .
In the county , the population was spread out , with 34.10 % under the age of 18 , 9.00 % from 18 to 24 , 24.50 % from 25 to 44 , 19.60 % from 45 to 64 , and 12.70 % who were 65 years of age or older . The median age was 31 years . For every 100 females , there were 101.20 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 98.70 males .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 33,322 , and the median income for a family was $ 38,162 . Males had a median income of $ 29,132 versus $ 19,851 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 14,087 . About 11.10 % of families and 13.60 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 17.60 % of those under age 18 and 8.00 % of those age 65 or over .
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census , there were 22,952 people , 7,666 households , and 5,758 families living in the county . The population density was . There were 8,372 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 81.8 % white , 0.8 % American Indian , 0.5 % Asian , 0.3 % black or African American , 0.1 % Pacific islander , 14.2 % from other races , and 2.3 % from two or more races . Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 24.9 % of the population . In terms of ancestry , 22.3 % were English , 11.8 % were German , 10.6 % were American , and 5.1 % were Irish .
Of the 7,666 households , 41.9 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 60.8 % were married couples living together , 9.1 % had a female householder with no husband present , 24.9 % were non-families , and 21.5 % of all households were made up of individuals . The average household size was 2.96 and the average family size was 3.46 . The median age was 32.0 years .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 39,866 and the median income for a family was $ 47,995 . Males had a median income of $ 36,402 versus $ 22,156 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 17,782 . About 12.4 % of families and 15.4 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 18.7 % of those under age 18 and 8.1 % of those age 65 or over .
Education
Cassia County is served primarily by one school district , Cassia Joint School District # 151 , which was consolidated in the 1950s .
Schools Located in Cassia County
High Schools
Burley High School in Burley
Cassia Alternative High School in Burley
Declo High School in Declo
Oakley High School in Oakley
Raft River High School in Malta
Jr. High Schools
Burley Jr. High School in Burley
Declo Jr. High School in Declo
Oakley Jr. High School in Oakley
Raft River Jr. High School in Malta
Elementary Schools
Albion Elementary School in Albion
Almo Elementary School in Almo
Declo Elementary in Declo
Dworshak Elementary School in Burley
Evans Elementary School in Burley
Mountain View Elementary School in Burley
Raft River Elementary School in Malta
White Pine Elementary School in Burley
Communities
Cities
Albion
Burley
Declo
Malta
Oakley
Unincorporated communities
Almo
Basin
Connor
Elba
Idahome
Jackson
Marion
Pella
Raft River
Springdale
Sublett
View
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Cassia County , Idaho
USS Cassia County ( LST-527 ) - U.S. Navy ship - 1944-56
County Parcel Map
References
External links
County website
County Parcel Map
Idaho counties
Populated places established in 1879
Burley , Idaho micropolitan area
1879 establishments in Idaho Territory
Ri Man-gon ( born 1945 ) is North Korean politician who served as Director of the Organization and Guidance Department and Vice Chairman of the Workers ' Party of Korea from 2019 to 2020 . He was formerly a member of the Politburo of the Workers ' Party of Korea and director of munitions and military . He was a `` supervisor of the department for the nuclear and missile development '' .
Ri served as a deputy director of the Organization and Guidance Department from 2007 to 2010 , when he was appointed chief secretary of the North Pyongan Provincial Committee of the Workers ' Party of Korea and gained a seat in the party 's Central Committee . He was transferred to Pyongyang in 2015 and promoted to party vice-chairman , Politburo member and director of the Munitions Department at the 7th Congress in May 2016 . This concurred with his promotion to the newly created State Affairs Commission , and he was also included in the Central Military Commission . He returned to the OGD in October 2017 as its first deputy director , before moving up as department director on 9 April 2019 .
He was not present at an October 7 , 2017 mass rally in Pyongyang and an October 11 , 2017 celebration for the anniversary of the Workers ' Party of Korea . According to a South Korean think tank , `` There 's little chance that Ri and Kim have been dismissed or purged because they 've been praised for major achievements recently . '' and `` It 's highly likely that they were absent because they 'd been given an important assignment . ''
On 28 February 2020 the Politburo resolved to remove Ri as party vice-chairman , and OGD director , following a publicized corruption scandal that involved units under the OGD .
On June 17 , 2020 , it was revealed that Ri Man-gon was in charge of the Pyongyang General Hospital project and was the project 's head person in charge . He was given the post despite the corruption investigation that occurred at the OGD which showed that he still held the trust of Kim Jong-un as he was given an important assignment . He appeared among retired officials during celebrations for the party 's 75th founding anniversary .
References
|-
Living people
North Korean politicians
People from South Pyongan
21st-century North Korean people
1945 births
Vice Chairmen of the Workers ' Party of Korea and its predecessors
North Korean individuals subject to the U.S. Department of the Treasury sanctions
Matthew Merritt may refer to :
Matthew J. Merritt ( 1895–1946 ) , American politician from New York
Matthew F. Merritt ( 1815–1896 ) , American politician from Connecticut
MON 863 is a genetically engineered variety of maize produced by Monsanto . It is genetically altered to express a modified version of Cry3Bb1 , a delta endotoxin which originates from Bacillus thuringiensis . This protects the plant from corn rootworm . Unlike MON 810 , Bt 11 , and Bt 176 which each produce a modified Cry1Ab , MON 863 instead produces a modified Cry3Bb1 toxin and contains nptII , a marker gene for antibiotic resistance .
History
In 2004 , Monsanto sought approval in Europe to introduce MON 863 . Approval was granted in 2005 for use in feed and in 2006 for use in food . There was controversy over acceptance by regulatory bodies of industry-funded toxicity studies and over the design of those studies led by Pr Gilles-Éric Séralini , who was on the committee that reviewed MON863 for the French government .
See Genetically modified food controversies for details of this controversy , which extended beyond MON 863 .
Following legal action by parties including the Swedish Board of Agriculture and Greenpeace , a Münster appeals court ruled that Monsanto would be forced to publicly reveal its research data .
Legal status
As of 2015 , MON 863 is approved for cultivation in three countries : the United States , Japan , and Canada . The corn is approved for use in Australia , Canada , China , the European Union , Japan , Mexico , New Zealand , Russia , Singapore , South Korea , Taiwan , and the United States .
See also
MON 810
References
Genetically modified maize
Monsanto
Hermann Pöschel ( 28 September 1919 – 30 December 2007 ) was a politician and an important official in the German Democratic Republic 's ruling Socialist Unity Party ( SED / Sozialistische Einheitspartei Deutschlands ) .
Between 1967 and 1989 he was a member of the Party Central Committee .
Life
Hermann Pöschel was born in Zeitz a few weeks after the formal ending of the German Revolution of 1918–19 . Zeitz was a small industrial town in the south of Prussia ( today near the southern tip of Saxony-Anhalt ) . Sources describe Pöschel 's father as an `` unskilled worker '' ( `` ungelernter Arbeiter '' ) . The boy left school in 1935 and embarked on an industrial apprenticeship . In 1938 he progressed to the Technical Academy in Magdeburg where he remained till 1940 . From a German perspective , war returned in 1939 which opened up employment opportunities in defence related sectors of the economy , and in 1940 , the year of his twenty-first birthday , Hermann Pöschel took a job in Dessau as a research engineer with the Junkers Aircraft Company . He stayed with Junkers till 1945 .
War ended in May 1945 with Dessau now included in the Soviet occupation zone of what remained of Germany . Pöschel was employed in industry as a fitter , as a foreman and as a section leader . The outbreak of peace also ended the Nazi regime and , as it seemed , signalled an end to one-party dictatorship . In 1945 Hermann Pöschel joined the Social Democratic Party ( SPD ) . The next year , however , in April 1946 the authorities prepared the way for a return to one-party government with the contentious merger , in the Soviet occupation zone , of the SPD with what till then was the Communist Party . Pöschel was one of many thousand members of the `` old '' parties who lost no time in signing their party memberships over to the new Socialist Unity Party ( SED ) . After that , between 1946 and 1950 he was employed as a technical director in the Publicly owned Baby buggy enterprise in Zeitz . In October 1949 the Soviet occupation zone was reinvented as the German Democratic Republic , a Soviet sponsored separate version of Germany with its constitutional arrangements modeled , increasingly overtly , on those of the Soviet Union itself . 1951 Hermann Pöschel undertook a study period at the Regional Party Academy , which was the route to a political career . After that , briefly , he was employed as a department head in the state government of Saxony-Anhalt . Between 1952 and 1953 he worked for the regional council of the newly created Halle region ( the southern 40 % of Saxony-Anhalt ) .
In 1953 he switched from regional government to a national post with the ruling Sociality Unity Party ( SED ) where he became an instructor in the Mechanical engineering department of the Party Central Committee . The country 's constitutional arrangements , based on those created by Lenin for the Soviet Union , placed stress on the `` leading role '' of the ruling party . Government ministers carried out party decisions , and the Party Central Committee was the party 's controlling element ( except when a Party Congress was in session ) . Working for the central committee therefore placed Pöschel at the heart of the East German power structure . In 1954 he was promoted from the position of instruction to that of section leader , and in 1956 he was made deputy head of department . Between 1958 and 1961 he headed up the Central Committee 's Working Commission on Research , Technological development and Investment policy . After that he became , in 1961 , head of the Central Committee Department for Research and Technological Development . It was a function he would retain till 1989 , his 28-year tenure was the second longest achieved by any of the thirteen departmental heads reporting in to the Central Committee .
In 1963 Pöschel 's own name appeared on the candidate list for membership of the Party Central Committee . After a conventional wait , in 1967 Hermann Pöschel became one of the ( by this time ) 131 Central Committee members . Once on the committee , like most of its members , he remained a member until the end of 1989 which was when the Central Committee dissolved itself as one of a succession of events which amounted to the demise of the German Democratic Republic as a standalone state and led , in October 1990 , to German reunification .
During the 1970s The Party became increasingly troubled by the abundance of black-market articles ( silk scarves , women 's sweaters , denim clothing , gas lighters , LPs , chewing gum and lollipops ) from Poland appearing in East Germany . A fellow Central Committee member , Hermann Axen was mandated to research counter-measures to be undertaken against black-marketeering , while Pöschel was given the task of identifying how the goods in question could be produced and sourced from the country 's own factories .
On 26 May 1981 Pöschel was appointed a member of the influential Cadre Commission of the Party Central Committee . The Commission , which dealt with personnel decisions , comprised a handful of departmental chiefs along with the First Secretary , Erich Honecker , himself .
Awards and honours
1962 Patriotic Order of Merit in bronze
1963 Banner of Labor
1964 Patriotic Order of Merit in silver
1969 Banner of Labor ( Unusually , he won it twice . )
1975 Patriotic Order of Merit in gold
1975 Battle Order `` For services to The People and The Fatherland ''
1979 Patriotic Order of Merit gold clasp
1981 Battle Order `` For services to The People and The Fatherland '' ( again )
1984 Order of Karl Marx
1989 Patriotic Order of Merit in gold ( again )
References
1919 births
2007 deaths
People from Zeitz
People from the Province of Saxony
Social Democratic Party of Germany politicians
Members of the Central Committee of the Socialist Unity Party of Germany
Engineers from Saxony-Anhalt
Recipients of the Patriotic Order of Merit ( honor clasp )
Recipients of the Banner of Labor
Herochroma rosulata is a species of moth of the family Geometridae first described by Hongxiang Han and Dayong Xue in 2003 . It is found in Hainan , China .
The length of the forewings is 24–25 mm .
References
External links
A study on the genus Herochroma Swinhoe in China , with descriptions of four new species ( Lepidoptera : Geometridae : Geometrinae ) . Acta Entomologica Sinica
Moths described in 2003
Pseudoterpnini
Moths of Asia
Porkeri ( ) is a village in the Faroe Islands , situated northeast of Vágur on Suðuroy 's east coast .
As of 2020 it had a population of 318 , and it has been inhabited at least as early as the 14th century .
History
Tradition says that once in the old days a dispute of field boundaries between Porkeri and the neighbouring village Hov was sorted out by a walking-race between one man from each village .
Near the school is a memorial of people who lost their lives at sea . The name of the dead are written with white letters on stone plates on the small piles which stand around the large pile in the middle . On the first stone starting from the left side of the memorial , near the road : 5 names , the first one was Joen Joensen á Gaddi , who was lost with the vessel Royndin Fríða in 1808 together with the famous Faroese hero Nólsoyar Páll ( who is not mentioned here because he was not from Porkeri ) . Joen is the Danish form of the Faroese name Jógvan . In the 19th century and earlier peoples names were written in the Danish form .
The second stone has 6 names . The third stone has 5 names . The fourth stone has 6 names . The fifth stone has 6 names ( all 6 went drowned in 1910 with North Star ( Norðstjørnan ) . The 6th stone has 5 names The 7th stone has 5 names . The 8th stone has 5 names ( died from 1932 to 1938 ) . The 9th stone has 8 names ( all died in one boat accident in 1940 with Búgvin , age 17-44 ) The 10th stone has 6 names ( died in 1941 and 1944 ) The 11th stone has 5 names ( died in 1952 and 1953 ) The 12th stone has 3 names ( died in 1956 , 59 and 61 ) All together 65 names of men from Porkeri who lost their lives at sea ( a few died on land by falling down from a cliff or due to the World War II ) .
Facilities
Porkeri Church is a black and white wooden church with grass roof . The church dates from 1847 and contains things donated by seamen who survived lethal storms on the sea , maintaining the tradition of almissu ( seamen in danger promised , according to Nordic tradition , to donate to churches or to God if they got back home alive ) .
In 1984 a new school was built in the village . It is built in a modern Faroese style and has grass on the roof . The old school in Porkeri was built in 1888 . It was used as such for 96 years . It is now owned by `` Porkeris Bygdasavn '' . There are many interesting historical items , which tell the maritime history and the agricultural as well as the domestic history of the village and its people .
Tourism
There is a street with similar houses , but with different colors . The street is called Skiparavegur , which means Skippers Street or Captains Street .
There is a supermarket where you can find all sorts of food and other things . There is also a hairdresser in Porkeri .
In August most of the people in Porkeri are busy with cutting grass for hay , drying it and storing for winter feed for their sheep .
Visit the Church and Museum of Porkeri . An interesting little museum with items from daily life in Porkeri , agricultural and maritime history . The Museum of Porkeri ( Porkeris Bygdarsavn ) , ( Near the church ) , ☎ +298 373850 ,
If you do n't come by car , you can take bus line 700 from Krambatangi port , where the ferry Smyril arrives from Tórshavn , and tell the driver where you want to go to and ask him to tell you when you are in Porkeri . If you come to Suðuroy by car , you should turn left at the main road , drive towards strait south , you will drive through a little village , which is called Øravík , than you come to a road tunnel and after that you pass by Hov , which is also a little village . After Hov you will drive above Porkeri .
Gallery
See also
List of towns in the Faroe Islands
External links
Flick photoset
Faroeislands.dk : Porkeri
Local web-site
www.faroe stamps
Zacharias Müllers memories
Porkeri fyrr og nú
References
Municipalities of the Faroe Islands
Populated places in the Faroe Islands
Populated coastal places in the Faroe Islands
Suðuroy
Udalricus is the Latin form of the German name Ulrich and the forename of the following people :
Ulrich of Augsburg , saint and Bishop of Augsburg
Ulrich of Bamberg ( also : Udalrich of Bamberg or Udalricus Babenbergensis ; died probably 1127 ) , Roman Catholic priest and chronicler in Bamberg
Ulrich Han ( or Haan , also Udalricus Gallus ; born probably around 1425 ; died not before 1478 ) , one of the earliest German Inkunabeldrucker mit einer Offizin im Ausland
Johannes Ulrich von Federspiel ( Johannes Udalricus of Federspill ; 1739–1794 ) , South Tyrolese impresario and playwright from Laas
Ulrich of Lustnau ( Udalricus de Lustnow ; around 1102 ) , around 1100 witness to a donation to Hirschau Abbey
Ulrich of Minden , ( also Uldalricus of Minden ) , German Bishop of Minden
Ulrich Zasius ( also : Huldrichus or Udalricus Zasius ; 1461–1535 ) , German lawyer and Christian humanist
the name of the church in Aspach in the county of Gotha , Germany
Seh also :
Ulrich , Udalrich
This is a list of notable events in music that took place in the year 1686 .
Events
Classical music
Michel Richard Delalande – Ecce nunc benedicte , S.8
Henry Du Mont – Benedic anima mea
Johann Caspar Kerll
Modulatio organica
Toccata cromatica con durezze e ligature
Marin Mariais – Pièces de viole , Livre 1
Johann Christoph Pezel – Opus musicum sonatarum praestantissimarum ( The `` Alphabet Sonatas '' )
Henry Purcell – Ye Tuneful Muses
Vasily Titov – Psaltïr ' rifmovannaya ( Псалтырь рифмованная or Псалтырь римфотворная ) , vocal polyphonic setting of the Russian psalter
Giuseppe Torelli – 10 Sonate a 3 , with basso continuo , Op . 1
Robert de Visée – Livre de pièces pour la guitare
Opera
Jean-Baptiste Lully
Acis et Galatée , LWV 73
Armide , LWV 71
Giacomo Antonio Perti– L'incoronazione di Dario
Alessandro Scarlatti – Olimpia vendicata
Births
July 31 ( or August 1 ) – Benedetto Marcello , composer ( died 1739 )
August 17 – Nicola Porpora , composer ( died 1768 )
September – Charles Young , organist and composer ( died 1758 )
October 31 – Senesino , castrato singer ( died 1758 )
December 15 – Jean-Joseph Fiocco , composer ( died 1746 )
December 25 – Giovanni Battista Somis , violinist and composer ( died 1763 )
Deaths
date unknown – John Playford , music publisher ( born 1623 )
probable – Augustin Pfleger , composer ( born 1635 )
References
17th century in music
Music by year
is a private junior college in Yonabaru , Okinawa , Japan , established in 1966 . Contrary to its name , the college has been accepting male students since 2003 .
This college relocated from Naha , Okinawa to current location in 2015 .
External links
Official website
Educational institutions established in 1966
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Universities and colleges in Okinawa Prefecture
1966 establishments in Okinawa
Japanese junior colleges
The Evangelical Protestant Society ( EPS ) is a pressure group representing Christian evangelicalism in Northern Ireland . It was founded in Belfast in 1946 and opposes what it terms `` liberalism and false ecumenism '' , `` Romanism '' and `` Popery '' .
History
The EPS sought , as did the National Union of Protestants ( NUP ) , to serve as an umbrella organisation for evangelicals in the various Protestant denominations and organisations . The Union collapsed in the early 1950s and Norman Porter , who had been the NUP 's director since 1948 , took over as secretary of the EPS in 1953 . In the same year Porter was elected an Independent Unionist MP in the Northern Ireland general election , losing the seat in 1958 and failing to retake it in 1959 and 1969 .
The Society has published a range of Protestant literature and a free quarterly magazine , The Ulster Bulwark . Its representatives have addressed meetings and services across Northern Ireland and beyond . The EPS sought to modernise its operations in 2000-01 , and , today , much of its work is media based . The work is directed by the EPS Council , and the day-to-day work is undertaken by the secretary , who also edits The Ulster Bulwark .
Prominent members
Porter 's successors as secretary included Seamus Milligan , and Ray Pulman . Pulman , a former assistant minister of the Congregational Reformed Church who was involved with the EPS from 1997 , was a former secretary of ILOL6 , a member lodge of the Independent Grand Orange Lodge but in 2001 abandoned Orangeism on theological grounds .
The current part-time secretary , Wallace Thompson , in 2009 also became chairman of the creationist pressure group the Caleb Foundation . Thompson , a member of the Evangelical Presbyterian Church , the Independent Orange Order and the Apprentice Boys of Derry , is a former civil servant . In 2008 , while employed as an adviser to Nigel Dodds , a minister in the Northern Ireland Executive , Thompson caused some controversy by asserting in a radio interview ( in his capacity as EPS secretary ) that the Pope was the Antichrist .
Others who ( as of December 2012 ) hold senior posts in the EPS include its president Rev . Dr William J. Malcolmson , a minister of the Congregational Reformed Church in east Belfast , and an activist in the Orange Order and Royal Black Institution , and its chairman Vincent Shortt , a member of the Presbyterian Church , the Orange Order , the Black Institution and the Apprentice Boys . David McConaghie , a Free Presbyterian minister and Democratic Unionist Party official , and a co-founder of the Caleb Foundation , served on the EPS Council from 1999 but his name disappeared from its website in late 2012 . DUP politician George Dawson , who joined the EPS Council in 2001 , was its treasurer at the time of his death in 2007 .
References
Christianity in Northern Ireland
Anti-Catholicism in Northern Ireland
Christian fundamentalism
Evangelical parachurch organizations
Christian organizations established in 1946
Blackpool Cricket Club is a cricket club based in Stanley Park , in Blackpool , Lancashire . Located in western quadrant of the park , the club plays at a 5,000-seater ground , which is regularly used for county cricket matches by Lancashire .
The club 's 1st and 2nd XI play in the ECB Northern Premier League while its 3rd XI and Sunday Development XI turn out in the Palace Shield , and its 4th XI in the Fylde League . Its players include first-class cricketer Steven Croft .
Raikes Hall
Blackpool Cricket Club first formed in 1888 and they regularly played at Raikes Hall pleasure gardens . In 1889 , R.G . Barlow organised the England XI to play at the site against the Blackpool team .
Whitegate Park
Due to repairs being needed at the Raikes Hall site in 1893 , the Blackpool Athletic Ground Company decided to give the club a more permanent home at Whitegate Park . The new ground covered an area of 150yds by 130yds .
The first recorded match on the ground came in 1893 , when Blackpool played the touring Australians , who were on their Ashes tour .
The inaugural first-class match to be played on the ground was between the North and the South in the 1905 North v South fixture . Lancashire played their first first-class match on the ground in 1905 when they played against an England XI . From 1905 to the present day , the club 's ground has played host to 98 first-class matches , the last of which came in the 2008 County Championship between Lancashire and Surrey .
In the early 1920s the whitegate site no longer hosted other sports therefore it was decided the site would be dedicated to the Blackpool Cricket Club .
Stanley Park
In 1925 , the grounds were renamed 'Stanley Park ' as it sat within the boundary of the new park and continued to be the home of Blackpool Cricket Club . Sir Lindsay Parkinson donated the ground , valued at £10,000 to the club shortly before it was renamed Stanley Park . The ground is managed by Blackpool Cricket Club and the deeds are held in trust by the mayor .
The club played in the Ribblesdale League and were part of the founding members whom created the Northern League . Blackpool have also won the National Club Cricket Championship in 1990 .
Former players
Many professionals have played at the club including : Peter Fairclough , Harold Larwood ( played in 1939 ) , Jim Parks , Cecil Parkin , Ted McDonald , Stewart Dempster , Ken James , Bill Alley , Hanif Mohammad , Rohan Kanhai , Cammie Smith , Mushtaq Mohammad , Collis King , Maninder Singh , Richie Richardson and Steven Croft .
Arthur Shrewsbury and Johnny Briggs played at the ground in 1891 .
References
External links
English club cricket teams
Sport in Blackpool
1893 establishments in England
Cricket in Lancashire
Rachel Lauren Garcia ( born March 30 , 1997 ) is an American , former collegiate four-time All-American softball pitcher and current volunteer assistant head coach for San Diego State . She played for the UCLA Bruins and led the Bruins to the 2019 Women 's College World Series championship , where she was named the Most Outstanding Player .
Garcia won the Honda Sports Award , USA Softball Collegiate Player of the Year and NFCA National Player of the Year as the nation 's best softball player in 2018 and 2019 , and the Honda Cup as the nation 's top female athlete in 2019 and 2021 . Garcia represented Team USA in softball at the 2020 Summer Olympics and won a silver medal . She was named one of the NCAA 's greatest all-time pitchers . Garcia was also voted to the Greatest College Softball Team at the utility position by fans and experts . Garcia was the No . 1 draft pick in the Athletes Unlimited Softball draft .
Early life
Garcia attended Highland High School in Palmdale , California . During her senior season she posted a 26–2 record with a 0.20 earned run average and 418 strikeouts in 175 innings , adding 20 shutouts , including 10 no-hitters and six perfect games , and was named the 2015 Gatorade National Softball Player of the Year .
Playing career
Freshmen year
Garcia was redshirted her freshman year due to a knee injury she suffered in high school . As a redshirt freshman , she earned Pac-12 Freshman of the Year and NFCA National Freshman of the Year along with all-conference honors and a Second-Team All-American selection . Garcia led all Pac-12 pitchers in strikeouts and was tied for first in saves , third in wins , fourth in innings , fifth in opposing batting average ( .203 ) and sixth in ERA , while she had 14 complete games and was a part of 23 shutouts , including five solo shutouts . In addition to pitching , she was one of the team 's best hitters as tallied a .325 batting average , eight homers and 29 RBI and had 15 multiple-hit games and eight multi-RBI contests . She made her collegiate debut on February 10 , collecting two hits in a game against the South Dakota Coyotes , while also throwing a run-rule shutout with seven strikeouts over the San Diego State Aztecs .
Garcia led the Bruins to a No . 5 seed at the World Series with her 23–9 win–loss record . In her debut at the Women 's College World Series , Garcia pitched all of UCLA 's games and left with a 1–1 record , falling in the second round . In her second game against Washington Huskies she struck out seven batters in a 1–0 loss .
Sophomore year
During her sophomore year , Garcia posted a 29–4 record , with a 1.31 ERA . Garcia led all Pac-12 pitchers in wins , strikeouts and opposing batting average , was third in innings pitched and fifth in ERA and achieved a career best in hits and batting average . She struck out 42 batters in 23 innings in four games at the Women 's College World Series , and was named to the All-WCWS Team . Following an outstanding season , Garcia was named Pac-12 Conference Player of the Year , USA Softball Collegiate Player of the Year , NFCA National Player of the Year , and the Honda Sports Award for softball .
Junior year
During her junior year , Garcia posted a 29–1 record , with a 1.14 ERA and 286 strikeouts in 202 innings . Garcia led the Bruins to the NCAA title completing four of five victories pitched , throwing a shutout , a 10-inning win , batting .333 and leading with eight RBIs , including defeating the No . 1 Oklahoma Sooners back-to-back in the finale series . Following her performance she was named the Women 's College World Series Most Outstanding Player . She ended the year on a nine game win streak that would continue upon her return in the 2021 season .
Following her outstanding season , Garcia received numerous awards , including First Team All-Conference honors and the first player to earn both Pac-12 Conference Player and Pitcher of the Year awards in the same season . She was also named NFCA National Pitcher of the Year , Softball America Player of the Year , ESPNW Softball Player of the Year , USA Softball Collegiate Player of the Year , Honda Sports Award for softball , Honda-Broderick Cup as the Female Athlete of the Year and a First-Team All-American .
Senior year
Garcia missed the first month of the 2021 season due to an injury . She then went on to win 16 consecutive decisions for a 25 game win streak dating back to the 2019 season . She finished the regular season with an undefeated 14–0 record , a nation-leading 0.60 ERA , two saves and 124 strikeouts in 94 innings . She also ranked third in the Pac-12 with a .504 on-base percentage and fourth with a .756 slugging percentage while launching a conference-high seven home runs in Pac-12 play . She finished the year with an 18–3 record , with seven shutouts , 183 strikeouts and 29 walks in innings .
Garcia ended the year with a return to the Women 's College World Series for the fourth consecutive year , where UCLA was eliminated by Oklahoma . During the game she posted seven strikeouts , two hits , and drove in all the Bruins runs by hitting a home run in her final appearance . Following an outstanding season , she was named NFCA National Player of the Year , Pac-12 Player of the Year for the third consecutive year , D1Softball two-way player of the year , first-team all Pac-12 , and a first-team All-American . She also was named a finalist for the USA Softball Collegiate Player of the Year , and won the Senior CLASS Award , Honda Sports Award for softball , and named Honda-Broderick Cup winner , becoming the first athlete to win back-to-back honors outright .
Team USA
Garcia saw limited playing time on the Team USA `` Stand Beside Her '' tour that was suspended due to the COVID-19 pandemic in March , 2020 . She later returned in 2021 after her college eligibility was completed .
2020 Summer Olympics
Garcia returned to UCLA for her final collegiate year before joining the United States women 's national softball team prior to the rescheduled Olympics in July , 2021 . She represented Team USA at the 2020 Summer Olympics , where she made two appearances as a pinch-hitter in six games and won a silver medal .
Coaching career
On January 7 , 2022 , Garcia was named a volunteer assistant coach for the San Diego State Aztecs softball team .
Statistics
References
External links
UCLA bio
1997 births
Living people
Medalists at the 2019 Pan American Games
Pan American Games gold medalists for the United States
Pan American Games medalists in softball
People from Lancaster , California
People from Palmdale , California
Softball players at the 2019 Pan American Games
Softball players from California
UCLA Bruins softball players
Women 's College World Series Most Outstanding Player Award winners
Medalists at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Olympic softball players of the United States
Softball players at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Olympic silver medalists for the United States in softball
Olympic medalists in softball
The Federal Correctional Institution , Manchester ( FCI Manchester ) is a medium-security United States federal prison for male inmates in unincorporated Clay County , Kentucky . It is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons , a division of the United States Department of Justice . The facility also has an adjacent satellite prison camp for minimum-security male offenders .
FCI Manchester is located in eastern Kentucky , approximately south of Lexington , the state 's second-largest city .
In media
In August 2009 , Jeff Smith , then a Missouri state senator , pleaded guilty to two counts of obstruction of justice and resigned his seat . Smith was subsequently sentenced to one year in federal prison and served eight months at FCI Manchester . The business magazine Inc. published an article written by Smith on its website in which Smith described his experience at the prison :
It was my first week in a federal prison , and I was beginning to see that it was far more nuanced than the hotbed of sex , drugs , and violence depicted on television documentaries . It was teeming with ambitious , street-smart men , many who appear to have been very successful drug dealers on the outside , and some of whom possess business instincts as sharp as those of the CEOs who wined and dined me six months before .
Notable inmates ( current and former )
Christopher Dorsey aka BG cash money rap artist
See also
List of U.S. federal prisons
Federal Bureau of Prisons
Incarceration in the United States
References
Buildings and structures in Clay County , Kentucky
Manchester
Prisons in Kentucky
Zhengping ( 正平 ) was a Chinese era name used by several emperors of China . It may refer to :
Zhengping ( 451–452 ) , era name used by Emperor Taiwu of Northern Wei
Zhengping ( 548–549 ) , era name used by Xiao Zhengde
The hoary-throated spinetail ( Synallaxis kollari ) is a bird species in the family Furnariidae . It is found in Brazil and Guyana .
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests . It is threatened by habitat loss .
It was formerly classified as a vulnerable species , but it was shown to be rarer than previously believed consequently it was uplisted to endangered in 2008 , but it was once again shown to be rarer than previously believed and that its undergoing a marked decline , consequently it was uplisted to critically endangered in 2012 .
Footnotes
References
BirdLife International ( BLI ) ( 2008 ) : [ 2008 IUCN Redlist status changes ] . Retrieved 2008-MAY-23 .
External links
BirdLife Species Factsheet .
hoary-throated spinetail
hoary-throated spinetail
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of the Guianas
hoary-throated spinetail
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
John George Warwick ( December 23 , 1830August 14 , 1892 ) was an American politician who served briefly as a U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1891 until his death in 1892
Biography
Born in County Tyrone on the island of Ireland ( the entirety of which was then part of the U.K. ) , Warwick attended the common schools of his native land .
Warwick immigrated with his brother to the United States about 1850 and resided in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , for a short time .
He moved to Navarre , Ohio , and became a bookkeeper in a dry-goods establishment , and later moved to Massillon , Ohio , and clerked in a dry-goods store , subsequently becoming interested in flour milling , coal mining , and agricultural pursuits . He also was a promoter of railroad construction .
Career
Warwick was elected as the 17th lieutenant governor of Ohio and served from 1884 to 1886 .
He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1886 . Warwick was elected as a Democrat to the Fifty-second Congress and served from March 4 , 1891 , until his death in Washington , D.C. , August 14 , 1892 . He defeated William McKinley by 302 votes in an intensely fought race that gained national attention . McKinley was in favor of an import tariff on tinware . Warwick sent fake peddlers out into the rural 16th district who charged 50 cents for 25 cent tinware goods . When asked why the prices were so high , the peddlers replied : `` This is the result of McKinley 's tariff ! `` .
Death
He died from food-poisoning at a meeting in New York City of the board of directors of a railroad on whose board he served .
He was interred in Protestant Cemetery , Massillon , Ohio .
See also
List of United States Congress members who died in office ( 1790–1899 )
References
External links
1830 births
1892 deaths
People from County Tyrone
People from Massillon , Ohio
Lieutenant Governors of Ohio
Irish emigrants to the United States ( before 1923 )
19th-century American politicians
People from Navarre , Ohio
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Amor en Custodia is a Mexican television drama , inspired by the popular Argentine telenovela of the same name , and developed and produced by Emilia Lamothe . Amor en Custodia focuses on and satirizes the lives of socialite teens and young adults growing up in Mexico city . It deals with sexuality , drugs , money , jealousy and other issues .
It first aired on July 18 , 2005 and ended on August 11 , 2006 .
It has been shown in more than 13 countries , including the USA , Europe , Japan , Thailand , and Latin America , and has been translated into English , French , Japanese , and German .
Production
Conception
The project was originally intended as a film , to be made by Zeta Films , with La Mujer de Mi Hermano 's creator Jaime Bayly set to write the screenplay , actress Angélica Aragón to star as Paz Achával Urién , and Bárbara Mori to portray Paz 's daughter Barbara . The film never went into production and was ultimately canceled .
The project was later redesigned as a TV-movie , for Televisa , but again the production was canceled .
Development of the show , this time as a TV series to be shown on TV Azteca , finally began on January 5 , 2005 , when TV Azteca gave it a put pilot commitment , with Emilia Lamothe as writer and executive producer . In February 2005 , the network confirmed the pilot order , and Mario O. Garcés was named as co-writer .
Music
Pop singer Alexandre Pires was credited with the music selection used on Amor en Custodia , though the cast played a part in the choice , and even recorded some of their own songs for inclusion .
In contrast to his usual style of Spanish independent music and alternative rock artists , Pires largely used pop songs for the Mexican version , and current Top 40 hits for the American version . He explained , `` Since the show is based on high class profiled families , I 'm going for more pop-ish sounds , for the USA version . I want to attract new viewers , so I will be using some top 40 English songs from the best artists today and from great artists internationally . ''
The opening theme chosen was Abre tu Corazón , performed by Olga Tañón .
Broadcasting history
Originally scheduled to air on June 13 , 2005 , the initial episode of Amor en Custodia was delayed by a week . As a result , the previously planned two-hour season special of La Academia was edited down to one hour to accommodate it . It finally made its television debut on Canal 7 , in Mexico City , on June 19 , 2005 at 10:00 p.m. TV Azteca broadcast the first episode nationally the following day , at 9:00 p.m .
In the United States , Amor en Custodia premiered on Azteca America , on July 18 , 2005 at 9:00pm , a month after the original Mexican showing .
The first episode was provided as a free download at the series ' official website on June 30 , 2005 .
At the end of the first season , TV Azteca canceled the Canal 7 showing due to poor reception by the public .
The series was suspended in Argentina between November and January , over a dispute concerning the rights to the story . During the suspension , TV Azteca repeated the first episodes , hoping that the series would later return . However , it did not return to the air in Argentina , except for the last episodes of the first season .
Cast and characters
Featuring four main character roles , the majority of the cast was assembled from January to March , 2005 . Bárbara Mori was originally cast as the female lead , Barbara , but due to scheduling problems she was forced to pull out and was replaced by Paola Núñez . Margarita Gralia was then signed to play Paz .
Andrés Palacios auditioned for one of the lead roles , Pacheco , but was made second choice after Sebastián Estevanez . However , before filming began , Estevanez had to pull out for personal reasons and Palacios got the part .
With just a month before the scheduled release of the first episode , Sergio Basañez was cast to play Paz 's love interest , Manuel .
In the 8th season , and some of 11th season , Sebastián Estevanez appeared as Barbara 's boyfriend and bodyguard .
The rest of the cast were chosen as the series continued , and by early July 2006 casting stopped as the series was coming to an end .
Cast
( * ) Transferred from `` guest star '' status to main cast mid-season .
Reception
Critical response
Amor en Custodia initially received strong reviews . Due to its pedigree as an adaptation from the Argentine version , it was one of the most anticipated new shows of 2005 . The first week showing garnered positive reviews from sources such as Ventaneando , The Washington Post , Los Angeles Times and Yahoo ! .
DVD release
There was originally no plan to release the series on DVD , but with the success of bootleg DVD versions in Mexico , the USA , Europe , and Argentina , and Internet piracy , a 2-disc DVD was released on February 13 , 2007 .
Remake
As of July 23 , 2012 , Nicandro Diaz Gonzalez produced Amores verdaderos , a Mexican telenovela for Televisa . Eduardo Yáñez , Erika Buenfil , Sebastian Rulli and Eiza González starred as the protagonists , while Guillermo Capetillo , Marjorie de Sousa and Francisco Gattorno starred as the antagonist .
References
External links
Official Site
Amor en Custodia at Yahoo ! TV
Colombian Version , synopsis , pictures and cast
2005 telenovelas
2005 Mexican television series debuts
2006 Mexican television series endings
2000s teen drama television series
Television shows set in Mexico City
Mexican telenovelas
TV Azteca telenovelas
Mexican television series based on Argentine television series
Spanish-language telenovelas
Television series about teenagers
Morrisonville was a small town in Iberville Parish , Louisiana , United States that was contaminated with industrial pollution from a nearby Dow Chemical Company vinyl chloride factory . The town 's residents — predominantly African American — were relocated in 1990 to Morrisonville Estates in Iberville Parish and Morrisonville Acres in West Baton Rouge Parish by Dow .
History
The community had been founded during the 1870s by former slaves freed from a plantation near Plaquemine .
A chemical factory producing vinyl chloride was set up on land adjoining the community by the Dow Chemical Company in 1958 . Initially there was a green belt separating the factory from the town , but the plant bought land from the town in 1959 and then expanded to cover , filling all the intervening space , so much so that the plant 's loudspeaker announcements could be heard inside people 's houses .
Pollution and relocation
In the 1980s and 1990s , chemical pollution was discovered in the town 's wells . To avoid lawsuits , Dow decided to buy up the town and move its residents away to create a buffer zone around the factory . In 1989 , just before the release of a federal report into toxic emissions from the factory , Dow announced that it was going to buy up all the homes and land in Morrisonville , and that if the residents refused their property would be worthless .
Although about twenty families refused to move at first , by 1993 the town was eventually abandoned . All that now remains is the graveyard of the former Nazarene Baptist Church and an open-sided prayer site , built of wood , provided by Dow for family members who return to visit the graves .
The residents were transferred to newly built homes at Morrison Acres , but many died before they could settle in . The large number of petrochemical plants producing PVC in the surrounding area , an stretch between Baton Rouge and New Orleans , first led to it being known as the 'Chemical Corridor ' and later than Cancer Alley , and many other communities in the area have been similarly affected by groundwater pollution and other toxic emissions .
References
Bibliography
External links
Ghost towns in Louisiana
Geography of Iberville Parish , Louisiana
Statistics of Meistaradeildin in the 1965 season .
Overview
It was contested by 4 teams , and Havnar Bóltfelag won the championship .
League table
Results
References
RSSSF
Meistaradeildin seasons
Faroe
Faroe
Hans Martin ( born in Vaasa , Finland in 1946 ) is a Finnish-Swedish singer , with a long repertoire of dansband music . For the period 1986 to 2000 , he was also the solo vocalist for the dansband group Tommys . As a solo artist , he has scored chart successes in Norway and Sweden .
Solo discography
Albums
References
External links
Official website
20th-century Finnish male singers
Swedish-speaking Finns
1950 births
Living people
Dansband singers
People from Vaasa
Now That 's What I Call the 80s Volume 2 is a special edition compilation album from the ( U.S. ) Now ! series released on June 30 , 2009 . The album is the series ' second compilation of pop music hits of the 1980s . It debuted on the Billboard 200 album chart at number 37 .
Most of the tracks on the album are from the latter half of the 1980s . Included in the lineup are nine songs that topped the Billboard Hot 100 from The Human League , Duran Duran , Whitney Houston , Cyndi Lauper , Bruce Hornsby and the Range , George Michael , Rick Astley , Paula Abdul and Martika .
Track listing
See also
Now That 's What I Call the 80s ( U.S. series )
References
2009 compilation albums
1980s 02
Statistics of Bahraini Premier League in the 1963–64 season .
Overview
Muharraq Club won the championship .
References
RSSSF
Bahraini Premier League seasons
Bah
1963–64 in Bahraini football
Eutropis brevis is a species of skink found in India .
References
Eutropis
Reptiles described in 1875
Reptiles of India
Endemic fauna of India
Taxa named by Albert Günther
The Suzuki LT250R was a sport ATV manufactured between 1985 and 1992 . It combined a lightweight frame and good handling , with a 249cc liquid cooled two stroke engines .
Commonly known as the Quadracer , it revolutionized the ( ATV industry ) . Before this model was released , the ATV world was dominated by three-wheelers . Although the four-stroke LT250E Quadrunner was released a year earlier , it was not well accepted by racing enthusiasts that were hesitant to adopt the heavier four-wheelers over their three-wheelers . Then came the LT250R .
Most of the advances made by Suzuki with this quad have been overshadowed by the Honda TRX250R , which was released in 1986 . During these early years though , they were treated as equals , with the Honda being preferred by most because of its apparent handling characteristics . Even though both model names ended with `` 250R '' , the Honda walked away with the nickname .
The LT250R setup is what is commonly used in today 's sport quads , such as :
2-wheel rear drive with a solid axle
`` A-Arm '' front suspension
Powerful lightweight engine
Manual transmission and clutch
Hydraulic disc brakes , two in front , one for the rear
Chain drive
1985
In an apparent attention to weight by engineers , it came with many aluminum parts : swing arm , rear axle carrier , engine cases , front spindles , rear shock link . But the overall advantage in weight ( compared to most other quads ) is the simplicity of design . The '85 and '86 Quadracers are known as the lightest production full size race quads ever built , tipping the scales at only 293 lbs dry making them similar to the 250cc two stroke race three wheelers of that era . ( They were actually lighter than the Yamaha Tri-Z , slightly heavier than the Kawasaki Tecate 3 , and identical in weight to the Honda ATC250R . )
In 85 the Suzuki LT250R QuadRacer became the first high-performance four-wheeler
1986
Mostly the same as 1985 but with a Mikuni VM34SS carburetor . It also had a very slight modification to the decals , and had white letters on the seat spelling `` Suzuki '' instead of yellow letters used in '85 .
1987
`` The beaner year '' , many different changes occurred within this production year , sometimes making parts hard to match up .
The major changes were in the frame , engine , swingarm , and a-arms . The most visible change is in the frame right in front of the cylinder the 85-86 frame has a single down bar , but the '87+ has a single wishbone down-tube . The 85-86 exhaust goes out the side of the cylinder and the '87+ goes straight out the front in between the split downbar , hence the head pipe design changed for '87+ . For '87+ , a head motor mount was added and connects the engine to the backbone of the frame ( under tank ) . The 85-86 is also a non powervalved motor as the '87+ have powervalves . The front shocks are also about 3 '' longer than previous models . The air intake from the carburetor to the cylinder is in a 5 bolt pattern and larger than the other years providing more air flow . Hence , the 87 's are desired by tuners and racers for the larger base air flow . The 1987-on LT250R and the LT250R 's big brother , the LT500R or Quadzilla , used the 5-bolt intake design . Also the '87+ used a 6 speed transmission instead of the 5 speed used on the 85-86 models . The engine color was changed from silver used on the 85-86 models to blue for the '87+ models .
For the '87+ model , the swingarm design was changed to a more `` beefy '' design after cracking / breaking issues with the 85-86 swingarm design . Clearly , the Suzuki engineers underestimated how hard their customers could ride their product . However , the '87+ swingarm will mount to the 85-86 frame with some other minor equipment swap ( i.e . rear shock , link ) . The '87+ rear axle carrier includes forward-reverse slide chain tensioning rather than the 85-86 's rotary tensioning method . The '87+ carrier housing slides forward and reverse and then is held in place by four vertical bolts and two rear horizontal bolts whereas the 85-86 carrier was held with a clamp or pinch design .
The '87 and '88 rear axles continued to have 24 splines axles that were the same as the 85-86 models . In '89 , this was changed to a 26 spline axle similar to the LT500R . The hubs on the 1987 models went to a 5/130 bolt pattern similar to the LT500R ) . This was in contrast to the 4/130 bolt pattern of 85-86 . The front fenders are the same and will swap between any year . The rear fenders will swap between any year , but the '91 and '92 model years were different under the seat in order to access the air filter which was relocated due to the redesign of the rear suspension . The '91 and '92 rear plastic actually has a curved metal bar riveted under the seat to help support the plastic due to the larger void in the plastic moulding necessary to access the air filter . ( Note that the original rear plastic for '85 - '90 is no longer available from Suzuki . All new rear plastic is the '91-92 style with the riveted bar under the seat . )
The seats changed drastically in '87 . They flare out at the rear ( like a `` T '' ) while the 85-86 has a straight seat . There are also some cosmetic differences between the seats of various years . '85 had yellow hollow letters spelling `` Suzuki '' on the sides . In '86 , they changed these letters to white . On the `` T '' seat in '89 , they added the words `` QuadRacer '' to the back in white letters . In '91 and '92 , they added splashes of teal all throughout the blue seat in a `` camo '' type of pattern .
1988–1990
LT250R J , K , L
|-
| Engine Type
| Liquid-cooled , single cylinder , 2-stroke
|-
| Displacement
| 246cc
|-
| Bore and stroke
| 67.0mm X 70.8mm
|-
| Carburetion
| Mikuni TM 34SS
|-
| Transmission
| Manual Clutch , 6-speed
|-
| Starter
| Primary Kick
|-
| Fuel Tank Capacity
| 3.0 gallons
|-
| Wheelbase
| 50.4 inches
|-
| Overall length
| 72 inches
|-
| Ground Clearance
| 4.9 inches
|-
| Front Suspension
| 8.7 '' travel , dual shocks , preload and rebound adjustable
|-
| Rear Suspension
| 8.7 '' travel , Suzuki Full Floater single shock , preload , compression , and rebound adjustable
|-
| Front Brakes
| Dual hydraulic discs
|-
| Rear Brakes
| Single hydraulic disc
|-
| Front Tires
| Dunlop 21x7x10
|-
| Rear Tires
| Dunlop 21x10x10
|-
| Final Drive
| Chain
|-
| Dry Weight
| 324 lbs
|-
| MSRP
| $ 3498
| }
88-92 changed from 5-bolt ( 87 ) 8-petal reed valve 6-bolt 6-petal reed valve .
1991–1992
LT250R M , N
The 1991 model year brought about a different linkage in the rear suspension , similar to the LT500R . This necessitated the differences to the rear plastic under the seat as mentioned above .
They also came with rear heel guards that required a few minor changes to the frame , footpegs , and swingarm pivot bolt .
Suzuki ATVs
Hanna is an unincorporated community and census-designated place in Hanna Township , LaPorte County , Indiana , United States . It had a population of 463 at the 2010 census .
History
Hanna was laid out in 1858 . It was named for an Indiana judge with the surname Hanna .
Geography
Hanna is located in southern LaPorte County , in the western part of Hanna Township . U.S. Route 30 ( Lincoln Highway ) passes through the north side of the community , leading west to Valparaiso and east to Plymouth .
According to the United States Census Bureau , the Hanna CDP has an area of , all of it recorded as land .
Demographics
The population in 2010 was 463 .
Arts and culture
Hanna has a branch of the La Porte County Public Library .
References
Census-designated places in LaPorte County , Indiana
Census-designated places in Indiana
The Mali national rugby union team represents Mali in international rugby union . Mali are a member of the International Rugby Board ( IRB ) , and have yet to play in a Rugby World Cup . The Mali national rugby team played their first international against Benin in 2003 , winning the match . They also defeated Senegal that season . In 2005 , Mali made history , by winning their first northern section crown of the CAR Castel Beer Trophy . The popularity of the sport of rugby in Mali is on the rise .
Results summary
External links
Mali on IRB.com
Mali on rugbydata.com
African national rugby union teams
Rugby union in Mali
National sports teams of Mali
Rokon is a city in the Juba County , Central Equatoria of South Sudan , part of the region of Equatoria . The priest and scholar Ezra Baya Lawiri was buried there following his death in 1991 .
References
Populated places in Jubek State
The 2013 International Rules Series ( officially the 2013 Irish Daily Mail International Rules Series ) was the 17th International Rules Series contested between Gaelic footballers from Ireland and Australian footballers from Australia . Ireland entered the 2013 series as defending champions , whilst Australia were , for the first time in the series , represented by an exclusively Indigenous team , known as the Indigenous All-Stars .
The series was played over two Test matches , with Ireland winning both Test matches to take the series 2–0 and achieve a record aggregate win of 173–72 points . The Gaelic Athletic Association announced the schedule for the series in February 2013 , with Breffni Park in Cavan chosen for the first Test match and Croke Park in Dublin chosen to host the second Test match . It marked just the second time that an international rules match was played in Cavan , or for that matter at a venue situated in the jurisdiction of the Ulster GAA . Breffni Park had previously hosted the first Test in the 2006 Ladies ' International Rules Series .
Broadcast and sponsorship
The GAA announced as part of their management team selection in March 2013 that the Irish Daily Mail newspaper would return as Irish team and series sponsor whilst Irish language TV network TG4 would again be the official broadcaster of the series in Ireland . In making the announcement , GAA President Liam O'Neill stated that “ TG4 [ and the Irish Daily Mail ] are ... valued long term partners of the GAA and we are looking forward to working with them to bring the games to the widest audience possible. ” As part of their live coverage of the two Test matches , TG4 announced they would also provide replays of previous international rules matches in September and October for Irish audiences .
The AFL announced as part of their extended squad selection in August 2013 that Australian supermarket chain Coles and Indigenous health and wellbeing group National Aboriginal Community Controlled Health Organisation ( NACCHO ) would be the official partners of the Indigenous All-Stars . Both groups are featured on the newly designed team guernsey . Australian free-to-air TV network 7mate was the exclusive broadcaster of the series in Australia , showing both matches on a slight delay and replaying them as well .
Background
Irish management and captain
In February 2013 , the GAA confirmed that former Roscommon footballer Paul Earley would succeed Anthony Tohill as manager of the Irish team . GAA President Liam O'Neill said the Association was `` delighted that someone of the standing and calibre of Paul Earley will lead the Irish challenge '' and praised his extensive experience in both international rules and Australian football , Earley having represented Ireland in the 1987 series and played briefly for the Melbourne Football Club in 1984 . Earley announced his management team in March , appointing Séamus McCarthy ( Tipperary ) , Jarlath Fallon ( Galway ) and Tony Scullion ( Derry ) as selectors and former Cavan footballer and current GWS Giants high-performance manager Nicholas Walsh as conditioning coach . On October 3 , Earley announced that former All-Ireland Donegal captain Michael Murphy would be captain of the Irish side for the series . This created a headache for young Murphy , as the Series was scheduled to clash with the final of the 2013 Donegal Senior Football Championship , which his club Glenswilly contested . On October 8 , Earley announced an Irish squad of 29 , with 15 of the national counties being represented in the side . This number of counties represented was reduced to 11 when Earley named his final 23-man match-day squad for the first Test in Cavan . Despite having a club county final scheduled the following day , captain Michael Murphy was named as a starting player . Ahead of the second test , former Irish vice-captain Ciarán McKeever and veteran Kildare footballer Johnny Doyle were included in the squad , replacing the injured Finian Hanley and Mayo footballer Aidan O'Shea , who had club commitments .
Australian Indigenous team
In May 2013 , AFL CEO Andrew Demetriou confirmed to Channel 9 's The Footy Show that the AFL was considering the possibility of sending an all-Indigenous team made up of exclusively Aboriginal footballers to Ireland for the 2013 series . Previously , an all-Indigenous team made up of some of the best such players in the AFL has competed in pre-season exhibition matches in the Northern Territory to relatively little public exposure . In late May , respected sports journalist Caroline Wilson penned an article in The Age claiming that the plan now `` seemed certain '' as a result of support from star Indigenous players Adam Goodes and Lance Franklin . The decision was made official in July , when the AFL announced that the Indigenous All-Stars would indeed represent Australia , with Deputy CEO Gillon McLachlan justifying the move by contending that the series needed reinvigoration and that the commitment of senior indigenous players had been significant in forming the new concept .
The AFL announced a 33-man extended squad on 29 August , which included high-profile names such as Daniel Wells and Shaun Burgoyne alongside multiple All-Australian winners Franklin and Goodes ; however , on October 8 , the squad was trimmed to a touring party of 21 and featured a rather makeshift lineup of both high-profile Indigenous players and several lesser-known players who were not included in the original squad Lance Franklin , who would otherwise have been captain , was ruled out of the second Test due to commitments in Australia . Paddy Ryder may be a late inclusion in the team . – including two players who had never previously played a senior level AFL game .
Daniel Wells was the Australian captain ; Aaron Davey was vice-captain . Former Sydney Swans and Indigenous player Michael O'Loughlin coached and managed the team , with former Australian coach Rodney Eade , former senior AFL and GAA player Tadhg Kennelly , and ex-Adelaide Crows and Indigenous player Andrew McLeod joining him on the panel . Prior to the opening Test , the Australian side defeated a combined Dublin universities team by a score of 62–23 .
Squads
Coach : Paul Earley ( Roscommon )
Coach : Michael O'Loughlin ( )
†These players have never played a senior AFL game prior to this series
* * These players participated in only one of the two test matches
Series results
See also
International rules football
Gaelic football
Australian rules football
Indigenous All-Stars
Relationship between Gaelic football and Australian rules football
References
International Rules series
International Rules Series
International Rules series
International sports competitions hosted by Ireland
Danson Park is a public park in the London Borough of Bexley , South East London , located between Welling and Bexleyheath . At 75 hectares , it is the second largest public park in the borough ( the largest being Foots Cray Meadows at 100 hectares ) , and the most used by the community . Opened in 1925 , it is often considered the finest green open space in the borough , and is Grade II listed on the Register of Historic Parks and Gardens . The park also gives its name to the electoral ward that covers the park and the surrounding area . The park is located at . The southern boundary of both the park and the ward is delineated by Rochester Way , the A2 road .
History
The area now occupied by the park had previously been part of the church and then crown estates , before being occupied by John Styleman and then Sir John Boyd , 1st Baronet , both senior figures in the British East India Company . In the 1760s , Boyd built Danson House , a Grade I-listed Georgian mansion that stands in the centre of the park , and commissioned much of the landscaping that can be seen in the park today . The landscape was designed and laid out between 1761 and 1763 , by either Capability Brown or his assistant Nathaniel Richmond . At its centre is a large and picturesque 12-acre ( 49,000 m2 ) lake , described by Edward Hasted in his History and Topographical Survey of the County of Kent of 1797 as `` a most magnificent sheet of water so contrived as to seem a beautiful serpentine river , flowing through the grounds '' . A small house with a spire , named Chapel House , was constructed to the south of the lake , which is now separated from the rest of the park by a motorway , but can still be seen today near the roundabout at Blendon . By the time of Boyd 's death the Danson Estates comprised over 600 acres ( 2.4 km2 ) of pleasure grounds and agricultural estate .
In 1773 , a mock ancient Greek temple was built near to the lake by Sir William Chambers . This was disassembled and moved to the gardens of St Paul 's Walden Bury in Hertfordshire in 1961 , and is today a grade II listed building . There was also a statue of the Roman goddess Diana in the park .
The other key previous occupant of the estates was Alfred Bean , a railway engineer who bought the property in 1862 . Bean was the driving force behind the Bexleyheath Railway Company , and chairman of Bexley Local Board , and envisaged transforming the now 582-acre ( 2.4 km2 ) estate into a residential suburb . Outlying areas were sold off for residential development according to Bean 's will , but the house and 224 acres of the estate remained in Bean 's family after his death in 1890 . On the death of his widow in 1921 , when it was auctioned , and eventually acquired by Bexley Urban District Council ( UDC ) for £16,000 in 1924 . The council spent another £3,500 converting the estate into a public park .
The park was opened to the public in 1925 by Princess Mary , Land was reserved for football pitches , tennis courts and a bowling green , which have been added over time . In 1929 the Morris Wheeler Gates were erected at the north-east corner of the park , donated by Alfred Morris Wheeler , a prominent local businessman and chairman of Bexley UDC . An open-air swimming pool opened in 1936 , and in 1964 the Boathouse and Cafe opened to the public . The park grounds were restored , funded by the Heritage Lottery Fund , in 2006 , alongside a major English Heritage restoration of Danson House . The park is now used extensively by the community .
Features of the park
The one hectare Danson Park Bog Garden is a Local Nature Reserve . There are also three gardens open to the public : the English Garden , located over the road from Danson House ; the Rock Garden , at the western end of the park ; and the Peace Garden in the south-eastern corner .
On 30 September 1937 , Lord Cornwallis presented the charter re-designating Bexley from an Urban District Council to a municipal borough under the large oak tree in the centre of Danson Park . The oak tree , which is over 200 years old , has since been known as `` Charter Oak '' , and has been recognised as one of the Great Trees of London . It is a central feature of the park , and is also featured on the London Borough of Bexley coat of arms . The tree is now enclosed to protect its root system .
The park regularly hosts circuses , fun-fairs , firework displays , and various other large public events . A free 5k run , part of the international parkrun events , takes place every Saturday morning at 9.00am on a two-lap scenic course around Danson Lake . Sports facilities in the park include football pitches , hard-surface tennis courts , bowling greens , obstacle courses , an outdoor gym and cycle routes , as well as a popular children 's playground with a small water park . Boating , sailing and rowing are possible on the lake , also used by various water-sports clubs and societies .
The park contains the Danson Stables , a public house in a building previously used as the stable block for Danson House , and The Boathouse , a function suite and restaurant near the lake .
Danson Festival
Until 2013 the park played host to the Danson Festival , an annual large-scale two-day event run by Bexley Council , which attracted up to 60,000 visitors to the park . The festival included many stalls such as arts , crafts , charities and others , as well as a fun fair with various rides . The festival usually ran on the first weekend of July each year . The main focal point of the festival was the main stage on which various local artists performed , alongside established acts . Past festivals featured performances from artists including The Hoosiers , The AllStars with Jocelyn Brown , Alexander O'Neal , X-factor 's Rowetta , and Peter Andre and Katie Price .
In 2014 the festival was cancelled due to poor condition of the grounds . The council cancelled the festival again in 2015 for the same reason , with the suggestion that the measure could be permanent , and the festival has not taken place since .
Local government ward
Danson Park was a ward of the London Borough of Bexley . The population of this ward at the 2011 Census was 10,864 . In the council elections of 2014 , Danson Park ward returned Linda Bailey , Sharon Massey and John Waters as councillors , all from the Conservative Party . In 2017 the Danson Park ward was abolished , and the park is now in the Falconwood and Welling ward .
References
External links
Danson Park ward map at Bexley.gov
Parks and open spaces in the London Borough of Bexley
Local nature reserves in Greater London
Nature reserves in the London Borough of Bexley
Grade II listed parks and gardens in London
Grade II listed buildings in the London Borough of Bexley
Geraint ( ) is a character from Welsh folklore and Arthurian legend , a valiant warrior possibly related to the historical Geraint , an early 8th-century king of Dumnonia . It is also the name of a 6th-century Dumnonian saint king from Briton hagiographies , who may have lived during or shortly prior to the reign of the historical Arthur . The name Geraint is a Welsh form of the Latin Gerontius , meaning `` old man '' .
Early sources
A `` Geraint of the South '' appears at the Battle of Catraeth ( circa 600 ) in the poem Y Gododdin , attributed to Aneirin . This is conceivably a reference to Geraint mab Erbin , son of the 5th-century king Erbin of Dumnonia . Geraint is also mentioned as one of the `` Three Seafarers of the Isle of Britain '' in the Welsh Triads .
Geraint 's deeds at the Battle of Llongborth are celebrated in the poem `` Geraint son of Erbin '' , which was written probably in the 10th or 11th century and traditionally attributed to Llywarch Hen . However , Derek Bryce , following other scholars , suggests that the later , historical Geraint of Dumnonia ( d. 710 ) may be identified as the real warrior eulogised in connection with the Battle of Llongborth in the poem , despite its title . Bryce identifies Llongborth with the 710 battle between that Geraint and Saxon leader Ine of Wessex . Strathclyde had rulers named Geraint and Erbin/Elfin in the same era , and was also known as Damnonia , after the Dumnonii tribe of the area in Romano-British times , and thus easily confused with Dumnonia/Devon .
The Anglo-Saxon Chronicle says : `` Port and his two sons , Bieda and Maegla , came to Britain at the place called Portsmouth , and slew a young Welshman , a very noble man . '' Scholars believe that the Llongborth mentioned in the poem `` Geraint son of Erbin '' is the Portsmouth of the Chronicle entry and that Geraint is the `` young Welshman '' who was killed there .
Arthurian legend
Geraint is most famous as the protagonist in the Welsh tale Geraint and Enid , where he becomes the lover of Enid . Geraint and Enid is one of the three Welsh Romances associated with the Mabinogion . Its story closely parallels the French writer Chrétien de Troyes 's Erec and Enide . Some scholars feel both works derived from a common lost source , but most believe the Welsh version derives directly or indirectly from Chrétien . In this case , the renowned figure of Geraint would have been added to the story to suit Welsh audiences unfamiliar with Chrétien 's protagonist , Erec .
In Geraint and Enid , Geraint 's father was said to be a shepherd named Erbin . According to Chrétien 's Culhwch and Olwen , Geraint had brothers Ermind and Dywel .
Geraint and Enid was reworked by Alfred Tennyson into the poems The Marriage of Geraint and Geraint and Enid , part of his Idylls of the King . The Arthurian character in later works is often referred to as Sir Geraint .
Saint Geraint
According to the vita of Saint Teilo , in 549 , in order to avoid the Plague of Justinian ( `` peste gialla del 547 '' ) then sweeping through Britain , Teilo , with a small group of monks , left Llandaff to join Samson of Dol in Brittany . Passing through Dumnonia , they were received hospitably by King Geraint at Din Gerrein . In gratitude , Teilo promised the King his spiritual assistance at the hour of death . Seven years later , Teilo returned to give the King the last rites . Perhaps because of the relationships that bound him to Teilo , he too was proclaimed holy .
Near Falmouth , local legends of the folk saint King Geraint , patron saint of Gerrans , claim he was buried on Carne Beacon near Veryan . Gerrans celebrates his festival on the second Sunday in August . His feast day is 10 August .
References
6th-century Christian saints
Arthurian characters
Knights of the Round Table
Medieval English saints
Medieval Welsh saints
Monarchs of Dumnonia
Southwestern Brythonic saints
The Army Police ( ) are the Military Police of the Brazilian Army . Their history dates back to 1944 .
In the Brazilian Army , the Military Police is a specialty of Infantry . The operational units are battalions and companies .
Members of the Brazilian Military Police identified by the use of helmet and black brassards with the letters `` PE '' in white ( or blue-collar and white helmet with red letters ) .
Duties
The activities undertaken by the PE are as follows :
Ensure compliance with the law , orders , and compliance with military regulations ;
Prevent crime
Perform routine investigations in the Army ;
Traffic police and staff ;
Traffic control in military areas ;
Security of military installations and offices ;
Escort of senior officials and military convoys ;
Safety and security of military and civilian personnel ;
Criminal investigations ;
Guard prisoners at the disposal of military justice ;
Skill variety :
scientific examinations ;
expert report of traffic accident ;
examinations in firearms ;
expert report on the projectile from a firearm , and
examination of gunpowder residue ;
simulated reproduction of facts ;
technical report describing the scene ;
expert report Papiloscopia ;
expert report of assessment material .
Control Disorders ;
Evacuation , control and custody of a prisoner of war ;
Arrest of deserters and escaped prisoners ;
Control of movement of civilian traffic ;
Escort convoys ;
Control of the area of public calamity , and
Rear area security and occupation in case of war .
Army Police units
See also
Military Police
Army Police ( Portugal )
Batalhão de Polícia do Exército ( Brasil )
Polícia Aérea
Polícia Naval
Polícia Judiciária Militar
Polícia da Aeronáutica
Companhia de Polícia do Batalhão Naval
Notes
External links
Official site of the 2º Batalhão de Polícia do Exército ( 2nd PE Bn
Official site of the 3º Batalhão de Polícia do Exército ( 3rd PE Bn )
Official site of the 4º Batalhão de Polícia do Exército ( 4th PE Bn )
Brazilian Army
Brazil
Military police of Brazil
1944 establishments in Brazil
Big Lake is a body of water in Washington County , Maine . Known for smallmouth bass , Big Lake is the second largest lake in Washington County and one of the largest lakes in Maine . The lake is located in and around the Grand Lake Stream , near the border with New Brunswick . Covering , Big Lake has a maximum depth of . There are 28 islands on the lake . Big Lake constitutes part of the west branch of the Saint Croix River . Big Lake is a well-known location for anglers and other fresh water fishermen .
References
Lakes of Washington County , Maine
Lakes of Maine
Elina Gasanova ( ; , born 21 July 1989 ) is a retired Azerbaijani-born Russian tennis player .
Gasanova won six doubles titles on the ITF Circuit in her career . On 26 July 2010 , she reached her best singles ranking of world No . 581 . On 24 August 2009 , she peaked at No . 362 in the WTA doubles rankings .
Playing for Azerbaijan in Fed Cup competition , Gasanova has a win–loss record of 2–4 .
She retired from professional tennis 2010 .
ITF finals
Singles : 1 ( 0–1 )
Doubles : 11 ( 6–5 )
References
External links
Azerbaijani female tennis players
Russian female tennis players
Azerbaijani emigrants to Russia
Sportspeople from Baku
Living people
1989 births
Gary Smith ( born 25 March 1971 ) is a Scottish former professional footballer who played as a defender .
Career
Club career
Smith was born in Glasgow , Scotland . He began his professional career at Falkirk , making his debut in 1989 . He was snapped up by Aberdeen in 1991 and played in three cup finals for the Dons . He scored an own goal in the 1992 Scottish League Cup Final , which ultimately led to Rangers winning the trophy .
In 1996 , he left for French club Rennes ( Heart of Midlothian winger Allan Johnston making the same move ) , before returning to Aberdeen in 1997 . He signed for Hibernian in 2000 and despite falling out of favour with manager Franck Sauzée , re-established himself as a regular in the team under Bobby Williamson . After a solid spell at Hibs , Smith was allowed to leave Easter Road for Cowdenbeath in 2006 . He was then loaned to Dundee from Cowdenbeath after he was passed over for the managerial position .
International career
Smith was called up to the senior Scotland squad by Andy Roxburgh in 1993 but was ultimately never capped at that level .
Honours
Falkirk
Scottish First Division : 1990–91
Aberdeen
Scottish League Cup : 1995 ; runners-up 1992
Scottish Cup : runners-up 1993
Hibernian
Scottish Cup : runners-up 2001
Scottish League Cup : runners-up 2004
References
External links
1971 births
Living people
Footballers from Glasgow
Scottish footballers
Association football defenders
Aberdeen F.C . players
Cowdenbeath F.C . players
Dundee F.C . players
Falkirk F.C . players
Hibernian F.C . players
Stade Rennais F.C . players
Scottish expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in France
Scottish Football League players
Ligue 1 players
Scottish Premier League players
Scottish expatriate sportspeople in France
Area codes 740 and 220 are telephone area codes in the North American Numbering Plan ( NANP ) for the southeastern and central parts of Ohio . The numbering plan area ( NPA ) includes the cities of Athens , Belpre , Cadiz , Chillicothe , Circleville , Coshocton , Delaware , Gallipolis , Heath , Ironton , Jackson , Lancaster , Laurelville , Logan , Marietta , Marion , Mount Vernon , Nelsonville , Newark , Newcomerstown , Pataskala , Portsmouth , Rockbridge , Steubenville , Washington Court House , and Zanesville , Shadyside and the surrounding areas . It does not include the city of Columbus and rate centers in Franklin County which primarily use area code 614 . Although it is Ohio 's largest area code by geographic size , Southeastern Ohio is largely rural and has fewer residents overall than the rest of the state except in the areas near Columbus .
History
Area code 740 was established on September 11 , 1997 ; it split from area code 614 on November 8 , 1997 . On November 7 , 2013 , it was announced that the 740 area code would run out of numbers sometime in 2015 . The Public Utilities Commission of Ohio chose to remedy the situation by implementing an overlay with area code 220 , effective April 22 , 2015 . This requires all calls within the numbering plan area to be dialed using the full ten-digit telephone number .
References
External links
List of exchanges from AreaCodeDownload.com , 740 Area Code
740
740
Telecommunications-related introductions in 1997
Guerra de Titanes ( Spanish for `` War of the Titans '' ) is a major professional wrestling event produced by Lucha Libre AAA World Wide ( AAA ) , a Mexican promotion . The event was originally announced for December 5 , 2015 , but was postponed to January 22 , 2016 , without an official explanation for the delay . The event is the nineteenth Guerra de Titanes show , traditionally AAA 's `` end of the year '' that started in 1997 , breaking with tradition in 2016 .
The main event of the show was the semi-final round of a tournament to determine the next AAA Mega Champion in a match where the winning team will earn their way to the finals , held at the 2016 Rey de Reyes event . The team of Dr. Wagner Jr. and Psycho Clown lost against El Mesías and El Texano Jr . Dark Cuervo , Dark Scoria and El Zorro won in a Six-man Lucha Libre rules tag team match for the vacant AAA World Trios Championship . The Los Hell Brothers Averno and Chessman won in a Three-way elimination match for the AAA World Tag Team Championship .
Production
Background
Starting in 1997 the Mexican professional wrestling , company AAA has held a major wrestling show late in the year , either November or December , called Guerra de Titanes ( `` War of the Titans '' ) . The show often features championship matches or Lucha de Apuestas or bet matches where the competitors risked their wrestling mask or hair on the outcome of the match . In Lucha Libre the Lucha de Apuetas match is considered more prestigious than a championship match and a lot of the major shows feature one or more Apuesta matches . The Guerra de Titanes show is hosted by a new location each year , emanating from cities such as Madero , Chihuahua , Chihuahua , Mexico City , Guadalajara , Jalisco and more .
AAA had originally announced that they would hold the 2015 Guerra de Titane on December 4 , 2015 , and announced the full show , including a match for the vacant AAA Mega Championship . On November 25 , AAA announced that the planned show had been cancelled , without a replacement date mentioned at the time of cancellation or any sort of official explanation of the reasons behind the cancellation . On December 23 , AAA announced that the Guerra de Titanes show would take place on January 22 , 2016 . The full six match show was announced on January 6 , 2016 .
Storylines
The Guerra de Titanes show featured six professional wrestling matches with different wrestlers involved in pre-existing , scripted feuds , plots , and storylines . Wrestlers were viewed as either heels ( referred to as rudos in Mexico , those that portray the `` bad guys '' ) or faces ( técnicos in Mexico , the `` good guy '' characters ) as they followed a series of tension-building events , which culminated in a wrestling match or series of matches .
El Patrón Alberto defeated El Texano Jr. to win the AAA Mega Championship at the 2014 Guerra de Titanes show . Over the next year El Patrón defended the championship on several occasions , until he signed a contract with WWE in late 2015 , which led to AAA announcing that since the WWE would not allow El Patrón to defend the championship it was vacated and they would hold a tournament to determine a new champion . When the original Guerra de Titans was announced for December 3 , 2015 , AAA revealed that they had booked Rey Mysterio Jr. against Johnny Mundo in a match for the vacant championship . AAA later cancelled the show and moved it to January 2016 . When AAA finally unveiled the actual matches for the Guerra de Titanes show neither Rey Mysterio Jr. nor Johnny Mundo were featured , instead the main event of the show was announced as a tag team match where the winning team would qualify for the finals of a tournament for the vacant AAA Mega Championship to be held at the 2016 Rey de Reyes show . One side would be former two time Mega Champion Dr. Wagner Jr. and reigning AAA Latin American Champion Psycho Clown facing off against former three time Mega Champion El Mesías and one time Mega champion El Texano Jr. None of the competitors had been involved directly with each other leading up to the show , although previous storyline feuds between Psycho Clown and El Texano Jr. as well as between Dr. Wagner Jr. and El Mesías did exist .
The semi-final match of the show would also be for a vacated AAA championship , in this case the AAA World Trios Championship . On June 15 , 2015 , Los Hell Brothers ( Averno , Chessman and Cibernético ) defeated Los Psycho Circus ( Monster Clown , Murder Clown and Psycho Clown ) to win the Trios championship . In late 2015 Cibernético decided to leave AAA , forcing AAA to vacate the championship . The match for the vacant Trios championship had included three teams of three , where none of the teams had actually teamed up on a regular basis prior to Guerra de Titanes , the rudo trio of Dark Cuervo , Dark Escoria and El Zorro defeated Electroshock , La Parka and Garza Jr. and the trio of El Hijo de Pirata Morgan , El Hijo del Fantasma and Taurus .
Results
See also
2016 in professional wrestling
References
2016 in professional wrestling
Guerra de Titanes
2016 in Mexico
January 2016 events in Mexico
Kıznaz Türkeli is a Turkish politician of Azerbaijani origin , who won a seat in the Turkish parliament in June 2015 with the Peoples ' Democratic Party from electoral district of Iğdır .
References
Deputies of Iğdır
Living people
People from Iğdır
Turkish people of Azerbaijani descent
Members of the 25th Parliament of Turkey
21st-century Turkish women politicians
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Bogdan Ciufulescu ( born 1 April 1970 ) is a Romanian former wrestler who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics .
References
External links
1970 births
Living people
Olympic wrestlers of Romania
Wrestlers at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Romanian male sport wrestlers
Lemhi County is a county located in the U.S. state of Idaho . As of the 2020 census , the population was 7,974 . The largest city and county seat is Salmon . The county was established in 1869 , named after Fort Lemhi ( or Limhi ) , a remote Mormon missionary settlement from 1855 to 1858 in Bannock and Shoshone territory .
Traffic signals
Main ( Hwy 28 ) and Challis ( Hwy 93 ) , Salmon
Main ( Hwy 93 ) and Church , Salmon
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 0.1 % ) is water . It is the fourth-largest county in Idaho by area . The highest point is Bell Mountain at above sea level , and the lowest point is the Salmon River as it exits on the county 's western border with Idaho County at approximately . The river cuts through the center of Lemhi County before turning west . The county 's eastern border with Beaverhead County , Montana , is the Continental Divide .
Adjacent counties
Idaho County , Idaho – northwest/Pacific Time border
Ravalli County , Montana – north
Beaverhead County , Montana – northeast
Clark County , Idaho – east
Butte County , Idaho – south
Custer County , Idaho – southwest
Valley County , Idaho – west
National protected areas
Challis National Forest ( part )
Salmon National Forest ( part )
Targhee National Forest ( part )
Frank Church—River of No Return Wilderness ( part )
History
Native settlement
Habitation of the Lemhi and Salmon Rivers dates back 14,000 years ago . Early natives were spear hunters of big game . The Salmon River was the dividing point among the first cultural split which occurred after 5,000 BC . The Lemhi band of Shoshoni developed culturally in similar fashion to other Shoshoni tribes located south of and east of the Salmon River . The Lemhi band of Shoshoni gained early access to horses and had developed into a migratory culture . They were also known as `` Salmon Eaters '' . Their migratory pattern consisted of fishing for salmon in the Lemhi Valley in the summer , digging camas on Camas Creek in the spring , and hunting buffalo in the Three Forks area of the Missouri River . They were also known to travel to trade with other tribes . The Lemhi band was forced to a reservation on February 12 , 1875 , even though the tribe failed to ratify the treaty creating it in 1868 . The reservation was disbanded in 1907 and the tribe sent to Fort Hall .
Exploration and early settlement
The Lewis and Clark Expedition entered Idaho on August 12 , 1805 , at Lemhi Pass in present-day Lemhi County . Meriwether Lewis and three other members of the expedition were the first Americans of European descent to enter what is now Idaho . For Sacajawea , their guide and interpreter , the Lemhi Valley was her birthplace and her brother was the Chief of the Lemhi band . Clark went out to scout the expedition 's route . Within a month , travel down the Salmon and Snake Rivers was ruled out and the expedition headed for Lolo Pass on the Bitterroot Range . Michael Bourdon of the Hudson 's Bay Company established the Lemhi Valley as a base of trapping operations in 1822 . The region would support trapping operations for about 20 years . Finnan McDonald , Alexander Ross , David Skene Ogden , Jedediah Smith , and Jim Bridger all spent time in the area . Exploration of the full Salmon River from its source to the Snake River did not occur until 1832 . Mormon settlers established Fort Lemhi from 1855 to 1858 . The settlement was withdrawn after a native attack on the settlement . The first gold miners ventured into Lemhi County in 1862 , with miners working the main Salmon River all the way from Salmon down to Slate Creek .
Mining settlements
F.B . Sharkey and his party struck gold at Leesburg on July 16 , 1866 . The rush to Leesburg ensued within a month . A stagecoach route was established from Montana in May 1867 to the present location of Salmon City . Additional discovery of gold occurred at Lemhi in 1867 and Shoup in 1868 . Salmon City became the county seat of Lemhi County when it was formed in 1869 . Additional mining operations occurred at Yellow Jacket in 1869 , Gibbonsville in 1877 , Gilmore in 1880 , Blackbird in 1892 , and Leadore in 1904 . The Gilmore and Pittsburgh Railroad was completed from Dubois to Salmon on May 18 , 1910 . The railroad was built to access ore from Gilmore . The railroad ceased operations in 1940 .
Development of cities
Salmon City was platted in 1867 . While Salmon has gone by the name Salmon City since its inception , it did not have legal status as a city until around 1900 .
Leadore and Patterson were incorporated as villages in 1947 . Patterson was disincorporated by 1980 .
County-boundary history
At the start of mining operations in present-day Lemhi County in 1862 , the region was fully within Idaho County , Washington Territory . Boise County was created in 1863 , with its northern boundary running just north of the ridge dividing Birch Creek ) from the Lemhi River . Under Idaho Territory , the southern portion became part of Alturas County on February 2 , 1864 , and the dividing line between Alturas and Idaho Counties was adjusted to 44° 30′ North latitude . The Idaho territorial legislature actually created Lemhi County twice . The first occasion was on December 21 , 1866 . A county government was organized at Salmon City , yet the bill approving the county was misplaced and never published in session laws . The following session , the legislature passed the bill again , officially creating Lemhi County on January 9 , 1869 . The county government was reorganized at Salmon City on February 22 , 1870 . The western and southern county boundaries for Lemhi were problematic and adjusted frequently . At its creation , Lemhi inherited Idaho County 's southern and eastern boundaries , which effectively created two areas of noncontiguous territory , with one of the sections containing territory along the Salt Lake to Virginia City stagecoach route just north of the present town of Humphrey , Idaho . Finalization of the southern boundary came in several steps from 1885 to 1896 . In 1885 , the boundary was moved southward , gaining territory in present Clark County , creating a contiguous boundary , and leaving a stretch of the Birch Creek Area in Alturas County . The eastern portion of that territory was transferred from Alturas to Bingham in 1889 . A change in 1891 extended the boundary south to its present location and added territory presently in Clark County . With legislative approval , voters in that territory voted to become part of Fremont County in 1896 , finalizing the southern and eastern boundary . At Lemhi 's creation , the western boundary was a line drawn from the Bitterroot Mountains to the southern line of Idaho County . The boundary was moved westward to the divide between the Payette and Salmon Rivers in 1873 , moved eastward to a line drawn through the confluence of the Middle Fork and main Salmon rivers in 1885 , and then mistakenly extended to the northern line of Idaho County in 1903 before being finalized at its present location in 1911 . Custer County was partitioned from Lemhi in 1881 with its initial boundary excluding the Loon Creek area . The Loon Creek area was transferred back to Idaho County in 1885 .
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000 , there were 7,806 people , 3,275 households , and 2,217 families living in the county . The population density was 2 people per square mile ( 1/km2 ) . There were 4,154 housing units at an average density of 1 per square mile ( 0/km2 ) . The racial makeup of the county was 96.63 % White , 0.10 % Black or African American , 0.60 % Native American , 0.18 % Asian , 0.04 % Pacific Islander , 0.77 % from other races , and 1.68 % from two or more races . 2.18 % of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race . 19.5 % were of German , 18.0 % English , 11.4 % American and 6.5 % Irish ancestry .
There were 3,275 households , out of which 28.60 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 57.80 % were married couples living together , 6.90 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 32.30 % were non-families . 27.70 % of all households were made up of individuals , and 12.40 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older . The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 2.91 .
In the county , the population was spread out , with 25.50 % under the age of 18 , 5.50 % from 18 to 24 , 22.70 % from 25 to 44 , 29.50 % from 45 to 64 , and 16.80 % who were 65 years of age or older . The median age was 43 years . For every 100 females there were 99.20 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 97.50 males .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 30,185 , and the median income for a family was $ 35,261 . Males had a median income of $ 30,558 versus $ 18,289 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 16,037 . About 10.60 % of families and 15.30 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 19.80 % of those under age 18 and 10.30 % of those age 65 or over .
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census , there were 7,936 people , 3,576 households , and 2,267 families living in the county . The population density was . There were 4,729 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 96.4 % white , 0.7 % American Indian , 0.4 % Asian , 0.2 % black or African American , 0.6 % from other races , and 1.6 % from two or more races . Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 2.3 % of the population . In terms of ancestry , 25.9 % were German , 22.4 % were English , 13.0 % were Irish , 9.9 % were American , and 6.2 % were Swedish .
Of the 3,576 households , 22.9 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 52.7 % were married couples living together , 6.9 % had a female householder with no husband present , 36.6 % were non-families , and 31.7 % of all households were made up of individuals . The average household size was 2.20 and the average family size was 2.74 . The median age was 49.7 years .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 36,411 and the median income for a family was $ 49,119 . Males had a median income of $ 37,763 versus $ 21,233 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 21,699 . About 13.0 % of families and 20.0 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 36.3 % of those under age 18 and 8.3 % of those age 65 or over .
Communities
Cities
Leadore
Salmon
Unincorporated communities
Carmen
Cobalt
Elk Bend
Gibbonsville
Lemhi
May
North Fork
Patterson
Shoup
Tendoy
Politics
Like all of southeastern Idaho , Lemhi County has long been powerfully Republican . In no presidential election since 1940 has the county selected the Democratic nominee , and the last Democrat to pass 30 percent of the county 's vote was Michael Dukakis in 1988 .
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Lemhi County , Idaho
County Parcel Map
References
External links
Idaho counties
Populated places established in 1869
1869 establishments in Idaho Territory
Propst House is a historic home located at Hickory , Catawba County , North Carolina . It was built in 1881 , and is a -story , Second Empire style frame dwelling . It has a mansard roof , a square mansard tower , and interesting wooden ornament .
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973 . It is located in the Oakwood Historic District .
The house has been restored by the Hickory Landmarks Society and operated as a late 19th-century historic house museum .
References
External links
Propst House - Hickory Landmarks Society
Hickory , North Carolina
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in North Carolina
Houses completed in 1881
Second Empire architecture in North Carolina
Houses in Catawba County , North Carolina
National Register of Historic Places in Catawba County , North Carolina
Museums in Catawba County , North Carolina
Historic house museums in North Carolina
Historic district contributing properties in North Carolina
1881 establishments in North Carolina
Deh-e Habbeh ( , also Romanized as Deh-e Ḩabbeh ; also known as Deh-e Jabbeh ) is a village in Rivand Rural District , in the Central District of Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 103 , in 25 families .
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Elections were held in Prescott and Russell United Counties , Ontario on October 27 , 2014 in conjunction with municipal elections across the province .
Prescott and Russell United Counties Council
The Council consists of the mayors of the eight constituent municipalities :
Mayors and councillors not seeking re-election
The following mayors and municipal councillors announced they were not seeking re-election :
Councillors
Érik Bazinet , Russell
Craig Cullen , Russell
Gabriel Dussault , East Hawkesbury
Mario Laplante , Casselman
Linda Séguin , East Hawkesbury
Alfred and Plantagenet
Casselman
Champlain
Clarence-Rockland
East Hawkesbury
Hawkesbury
Russell
Councillors
There are 4 seats being contested for Russell Town Council .
Incumbent Eric Bazinet and interim councillor Calvin Pol are not re-run again in 2014 .
By-election for mayor
A by-election for mayor will be held from December 12 to 15 after the death of Jean-Paul St. Pierre on October 18 at the age of 65 , while trying to get re-elected on October 27 . One candidate for mayor , his cousin Donald St. Pierre has decided to suspend his campaign until further notice , but he is now registered as one of four candidates .
At least the election of four new candidates for the post of councilors continue as scheduled on October 27 . One of the nine candidates Raymond St. Pierre , the brother of former mayor announces that do not intend to present a candidate for mayor , although he stopped campaigning for the time after the announcement the death of his brother .
Potential candidates
This list is not exhaustive and includes all individuals who have a demonstrated interest in the position of the municipality or whose name has circulated in the media :
Pierre Leroux , councillor since 2010 .
Donald Saint-Pierre , current candidate for mayor and cousin of Jean-Paul Saint-Pierre .
Ronald Thériault , Russell 's resident .
Jamie Laurin , current councillor .
Declined
Marc-Antoine Gagnier , candidate independent of Glengarry-Prescott-Russell to Ontario election Thursday , June 12 , 2014 .
Raymond Saint-Pierre , current candidate for councilor and brother of Jean-Paul Saint-Pierre .
Results
The Nation
References
Prescott
United Counties of Prescott and Russell
Zheng Yunlong ( ; born 27 June 1990 ) is a Chinese actor and singer . He has appeared in a few Chinese musicals .
Biography
Zheng was born in Qingdao , Shandong and graduated from Beijing Dance Academy .
Zheng 's enthusiasm with stage performance comes from his mother , who is a Beijing Opera actress . He was inspired by the musical Cats , and decided to pursue a career in musical theater after graduation . His notable musical roles include the Chinese adaptations of Jekyll/Hyde in Jekyll & Hyde ( musical ) , Quixote/Cervantes in Man of La Mancha , Stacee in Rock of Ages ( musical ) , and Michael in Murder Ballad .
In August 2018 , he won the Chinese Musical Academy Award for Best Male Actor . In November the same year , he participated in the singing competition reality show Super-Vocal and became well-known as one of the six final winners . He also appeared in the singing contest show Singer 2019 as a member of the Super-Vocal finalist group .
In March 2019 , Zheng was recruited by Disney to sing the Mandarin version of the theme song `` Baby Mine '' for the fantasy adventure film Dumbo . In August , Zheng acted in a stage play , The Poetic Age , for the first time , and was awarded the Best New Talent in Lead Roles of the 30th Shanghai Magnolia Stage Awards.And since 2019 , he has performed various leading roles in stage plays , including Emperor Guangxu in Deling and Cixi ( 2019 co-production of Tianjin People 's Art Theatre and Hong Kong Repertory Theatre ) , Eben Cabot in Desire Under the Elms ( 2021 production of Beijing People 's Art Theatre ) , and Frankenstein/Creature in Frankenstein ( Chinese adaptation of 2011 British National Theatre production ) .
Zheng made his movie debut in 2020 , playing painter Gong Yushan in The Chanting Willows . The movie entered Main Competition Sector of the 24th Shanghai International Film Festival Golden Goblet Award . Zheng won the Best New Actor in the 2021 17th Chinese American Film Festival Golden Angel Award .
Starting in September 2022 , he was hired for an acting role in Chinese version of stage play Frankenstein in Shanghai Grand Theater .
Theatre
Stage play
Musicals
Filmography
Film
Television series
Television show
Awards
Discography
Ambassador activities
References
1990 births
Living people
Chinese male stage actors
21st-century Chinese male singers
Beijing Dance Academy alumni
Male actors from Qingdao
Singers from Shandong
Chinese male musical theatre actors
Loose lips sink ships is an American English idiom meaning `` beware of unguarded talk '' . The phrase originated on propaganda posters during World War II . The phrase was created by the War Advertising Council and used on posters by the United States Office of War Information .
This type of poster was part of a general campaign to advise servicemen and other citizens to avoid careless talk that might undermine the war effort .
There were many similar such slogans , but `` Loose lips sink ships '' remained in the American idiom for the remainder of the century and into the next , usually as an admonition to avoid careless talk in general . ( The British equivalent used `` Careless Talk Costs Lives '' , and variations on the phrase `` Keep mum '' , while in neutral Sweden the State Information Board promoted the wordplay `` En svensk tiger '' ( `` A Swedish tiger '' or `` A Swede keeps silent '' : the Swedish word `` tiger '' means both `` tiger '' and `` keeps silent '' ) , and Germany used `` Schäm Dich , Schwätzer ! '' ( ) .
However , propaganda experts at the time and historians since have argued the main goal of these and similar posters was to actually frighten people into not spreading rumors – or truths – containing bad news that might hurt morale or create tension between groups of Americans , since the Federal Bureau of Investigation ( in charge of dealing with enemy spies ) had rounded up the key agents in June 1941 , so that the nation `` entered the war with confidence that there was no major German espionage network hidden in U.S . society . '' From the White House 's perspective , the FBI had succeeded in virtually ending the German espionage threat . Historian Joseph E. Persico says it `` practically shut down German espionage in the United States overnight . ''
Historian D'Ann Campbell argues that the purpose of the wartime posters , propaganda , and censorship of soldiers ' letters was not to foil spies but `` to clamp as tight a lid as possible on rumors that might lead to discouragement , frustration , strikes , or anything that would cut back military production . ''
See also
Andrew J. May # The May Incident
Operations security
Loose Lips ( disambiguation ) ( usually an anapodoton ( shortening ) of the full phrase `` Loose lips sink ships '' )
References
American English idioms
American propaganda during World War II
Classified information in the United States
World War II propaganda
Quotations from military
Slogans
1940s neologisms
Helcystogramma hemiopa is a moth in the family Gelechiidae . It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1921 . It is found on the Seychelles and in South Africa and Zimbabwe .
The wingspan is 12–13 mm . The forewings are brown with the extreme costal edge ochreous whitish . The discal stigmata is hardly darker , edged above by crescentic whitish marks , with the plical rather obliquely before the first discal , cloudy , dark fuscous , edged on each side with white . There is a more or less obscurely indicated pale ochreous somewhat angulated shade from three-fourths of the costa to the tornus . The hindwings are rather light grey .
References
Moths described in 1921
hemiopa
Moths of Africa
The 1903 East Perthshire by-election was a parliamentary by-election held for the House of Commons constituency of East Perthshire in the County of Perth on 26 February 1903 .
Vacancy
The by-election was caused by the resignation of the sitting Liberal MP , Sir John Kinloch .
Candidates
The Liberals selected Thomas Buchanan , a barrister by profession and a former MP for three different Scottish constituencies .
A meeting of Conservatives and Liberal Unionists took place in Perth on 13 February 1903 to decide whether or not to contest the election . It was reported that the candidate they had invited to stand had declined to do so and in the end they could not find a candidate willing to fight this traditional Liberal seat , which had been held by the Liberal Party at every election since its creation in 1885 .
The result
There being no other candidates putting themselves forward therefore , Buchanan was returned unopposed . He told his supporters that they had 'gained one of the greatest Liberal victories in Scotland , as complete a victory as the largest majority could have given them at the poll ' .
See also
Lists of the United Kingdom by-elections
United Kingdom by-election records
References
East Perthshire by-election
East Perthshire by-election
1900s elections in Scotland
East Perthshire by-election
Politics of Perth and Kinross
Perthshire , East
Unopposed by-elections to the Parliament of the United Kingdom in Scottish constituencies
Standings and results for Group 7 of the UEFA Euro 1984 qualifying tournament .
Group 7 consisted of Iceland , Malta , Netherlands , Republic of Ireland and Spain . The group winners were Spain , who won the group ahead of the Netherlands on goals scored following a 12–1 win over Malta .
Final table
Results
Goalscorers
References
UEFA Page
RSSSF
See also
Spain 12–1 Malta
Group 7
1982–83 in Spanish football
qual
1982–83 in Republic of Ireland association football
1983–84 in Republic of Ireland association football
1982–83 in Maltese football
1983–84 in Maltese football
1982 in Icelandic football
1983 in Icelandic football
1982–83 in Dutch football
1981–82 in Maltese football
Clement Laird Brumbaugh ( February 28 , 1863 – September 28 , 1921 ) was an American educator and politician who served as a U.S. Representative from Ohio for four terms from 1913 to 1921 .
Early life and education
Born on a farm near Pikeville , in Darke County , Ohio , Brumbaugh attended the district schools and Greenville High School in Greenville , Ohio .
He taught school , worked on a farm , and tutored .
He was graduated from National Normal University , Lebanon , Ohio , in 1887 .
He was related to the infamous World War I aviator and barnstormer , Dr. David Brumbaugh .
He founded and conducted the Van Buren Academy from 1887 to 1891 .
He attended Ohio Wesleyan University , Delaware , Ohio from 1891 to 1893 .
He graduated from Harvard University in 1894 .
Early career
After this Brumbaugh taught school in Washington , D.C. from 1894 to 1896 . Next he served as Superintendent of schools in Greenville , Ohio from 1896 to 1900 .
He studied law and was admitted to the bar in 1900 and commenced practice in Columbus , Ohio .
He served as member of the State house of representatives 1900-1904 , serving as minority leader .
Congress
Brumbaugh was elected as a Democrat to the Sixty-third and to the three succeeding Congresses ( March 4 , 1913 – March 3 , 1921 ) .
He served as chairman of the Committee on Railways and Canals ( Sixty-fifth Congress ) .
He was not a candidate for renomination in 1920 .
Retirement and death
He lived in retirement in Columbus , Ohio , until his death there on September 28 , 1921 . He was interred in Greenville Union Cemetery in Greenville , Ohio .
Sources
External links
1863 births
1921 deaths
People from Greenville , Ohio
National Normal University alumni
Ohio Wesleyan University alumni
Harvard University alumni
Members of the Ohio House of Representatives
Ohio lawyers
Burials in Ohio
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
19th-century American lawyers
`` Stay the Night '' is a song by Swedish pop group Alcazar . The song was an entry in Melodifestivalen 2009 for the Eurovision Song Contest 2009 , where it reached the March 14 final in Globen Arena after a public televote . Having placed 3rd with the regional juries and 4th in the televote , the song finished 5th overall . `` Stay the Night '' is the third single on Alcazar 's 2009 album Disco Defenders .
Formats and track listings
These are the formats and track listings of promotional single releases of `` Stay the Night '' .
CD single
`` Radio Edit '' - 3:02
`` Karaoke Version '' - 3:02
Digital Download
`` Stay the Night '' ( Radio Edit ) - 3:02
Chart performance
The song made its debut on Swedish Singles Charts at number 33 on March 6 , 2009 and it managed to peak at number two the next week . As of the April 24 , 2009 Charts , the song has charted for eight weeks with its most recent position being number nine . The song also charted on the Swedish Airplay Chart , peaking at number one for four weeks .
See also
Melodifestivalen 2009
External links
Alcazar Official Website
References
Alcazar ( band ) songs
Melodifestivalen songs of 2009
2009 singles
2009 songs
Songs written by Anders Hansson ( songwriter )
Universal Records singles
Mainstockheim is a municipality in the district of Kitzingen in Bavaria in Germany . It is famous for its choir , the Choir of Mainstockheim .
Notable people
Marie J. Mergler ( 1851–1901 ) , physician
References
Kitzingen ( district )
Samuel Lewis Galindo ( born June 4 , 1927 in Panama City , Panama ) is a businessman , politician and author of essays and articles about current political , economic and social development of Panama . His published books include 900 Days : Collapse of a Dictatorship and The Strings of the Puppets : Internal Workings of a Political Campaign . In 1994 , he was a presidential candidate of the Republic of Panama for the Solidaridad Party , of which he was a founding member .
Biography
Galindo is the son of Samuel Lewis Arango ( 1901-1972 ) and Raquel Galindo de Lewis . He attended primary and secondary school at Colegio La Salle in Panama City , and briefly studied at Soule College in the United States .
He has participated in several business associations , such as the Panamanian Association of Business Executives ( APEDE ) , the Chamber of Commerce , Industries and Agriculture of Panama ( CCIAP ) , and the Union of Industrialists of Panama . He also participated in several national councils and commissions , including the National Economic Council and the National Investment Council .
He has received various awards including the Order of Vasco Núñez de Balboa , Ecuador Order of Merit , and the Chamber of Commerce , Industries and Agriculture of Panama - Presidential Distinction . He was named Executive of the Year by the Panamanian Association of Business Executives in 2006 .
He is married to Itza Morgan Lewis , with whom he had 7 children : Samuel ( who died at an early age ) , Enrique , Mario , Adriana , Roberto , Ricardo and Itza Maria .
On August 23 , 2017 , the Latin University of Panama conferred the title of Doctor Honoris Causa .
Career
Lewis Galindo began his journalistic career in the newspaper El Pais , occupying the position of Chief Editor , Deputy Director and columnist .
His public and diplomatic life began in 1955 , as Special Ambassador for the meeting of Presidents of the American Republics . During 1956 he served as Council member for Capital District , where he also was elected several times President of that body .
In 1957 , he represented Panama as Alternate Ambassador to the United Nation 's General Assembly in the United States . In 1977 he was a member of the National Economic Council , while between 1984 and 1985 was President of the National Investment Council . In 1996 he participated as a member of the Foreign Affairs National Council of the Republic of Panama .
At the corporate level , he served in the 60s as general manager and director of Industrias Panameñas , S.A. ( IPSA ) . Lewis Galindo participated on the boards of Industrias de Carton Corrugado in Panama , Costa Rica and Guatemala . During this period , he was also member of the board of Ceverceria Nacional .
He was appointed as General Manager of the Cerveceria Nacional from 1970 to 1991 . Between 1991 and 2001 , he served as Vice President of the Board of the company .
During his career as General Manager , he was actively involved in the brewing industry of the region ; as President of the Central American Association of Brewers between 1980 and 1985 .
In 1984 , he founded the Banco del Istmo and served as Chairman of the Board until 2006 . This bank , which later became Banistmo , developed into the largest Panamanian bank in Central America . He has also been involved in civic and philanthropic activities as president and founder of the Panama 's Heart Foundation ; as well as member of the board of trustees of the Patronato Panama Viejo , which was formed to rescue the first city of Panama , established by the Spaniards in the Pacific Coast of the Continent in 1519 .
In addition , he has been a member of Fundacion Universidad de Panama , and served as its President in the period 2006-2007 .
His books published : “ 900 Días : Colapso de una Dictadura ” , “ Los Hilos de las Marionetas ” , “ Pensamientos , escritos y Ensayos ” , “ El Banco del Istmo : Relato de un Extraordinario éxito ” y “ Episodios de mi vida ” .
References
People from Panama City
Living people
Solidarity Party ( Panama ) politicians
1927 births
Bombings of Vatican City occurred twice during World War II . The first occasion was on the evening of 5 November 1943 , when a plane dropped bombs on the area south-west of St. Peter 's Basilica , causing considerable damage but no casualties . The second bombing , which affected only the outer margin of the city , was at about the same hour on 1 March 1944 , and killed one person and injured another .
Circumstances
Vatican City was neutral throughout the war . Both Allied and Axis aircraft crews were generally commanded with general orders to respect its neutrality even when bombing Rome .
On 25 July 1943 , after Allied forces had conquered the Italian possessions in Africa and had taken Sicily , the Fascist Grand Council removed Benito Mussolini from power . The Kingdom of Italy at first remained an ally of Nazi Germany , but in less than two months secured an armistice with the Allies , signed on 3 September and announced on 8 September . Germany , which had discovered what was afoot , quickly intervened and took military control of most of Italy , including Rome , freed Mussolini and brought him to the German-occupied area to establish a puppet regime known as the Italian Social Republic .
Both bombings occurred while Rome was under German occupation .
Bombing of 5 November 1943
Account by Tardini
An eyewitness account written in 1944 by Monsignor Domenico Tardini , an Italian priest and later a cardinal , states :
He continued :
Statement by Carroll
The message from Carroll of which Tardini wrote as being addressed to Montini was in reality addressed to Luigi Maglione , Cardinal Secretary of State . It read :
Official assurance that no American plane had in fact dropped bombs on Vatican City was given by the United States authorities .
The German and British authorities gave similar assurances regarding aircraft of their countries . Aware that the bombs used were British , the British pointed out that this proved nothing as they could have been taken from captured ordnance , and used for precisely that purpose .
Recent books
Augusto Ferrara 's 2010 book 1943 Bombe sul Vaticano , declares that the attack was orchestrated by leading Italian Fascist politician and anti-clericalist Roberto Farinacci . The aim was to knock out Vatican Radio , which was suspected of sending coded messages to the Allies . The aircraft that delivered the bombs was a SIAI Marchetti S.M.79 , a three-engined Italian medium bomber known as the `` Sparviero '' , which had taken off from Viterbo , some 80 kilometres north of Rome .
One piece of evidence on which Ferrara bases his account of the responsibility of Farinacci was a telephone call from a priest called Giuseppe to the Jesuit Pietro Tacchi Venturi . In fact , a note on page 705 of volume 7 of the Actes et documents du Saint Siège relatifs à la seconde guerre mondiale cites Eitel Friederich Moellhausen as stating that rumours in Rome immediately blamed Farinacci and spoke of Viterbo as the base from which the plane must have flown . Tardini 's note quoted above also says that , from the start , it was the general opinion that the Italian Republican Fascists were to blame , a view that Tardini himself discounted on the basis of the information given by Monsignor Carroll . Owen Chadwick also reported that Farinacci was rumoured in Rome to have arranged the raid from the Viterbo airfield , something that Farinacci , who was killed together with Mussolini on 28 April 1945 , never denied , but Chadwick considered the story `` very unlikely '' .
In Ferrara 's account , five bombs were dropped , of which one did not explode . According to the Actes et documents du Saint Siège relatifs à la seconde guerre mondiale , the report of an examination carried out by Vatican authorities after the event spoke only of fragments that made it difficult to determine whether the high-explosive bombs , which had been of 100–150 kg weight and produced small craters over a wide range , were of British , German or Italian manufacture .
The 2007 book Venti angeli sopra Roma by Cesare De Simone speaks of a supposed admission of responsibility by the RAF in the postwar period .
The article by Raffaele Alessandrini on the 10–11 January 2011 issue of the Vatican newspaper L'Osservatore Romano says that the identity of those responsible has still not been completely clarified .
However , research published in 2016 proposes a more definitive identification of the bomber and presents an intriguing account of the motive behind it . Throughout 1943 the Italian Intelligence Service routinely intercepted and recorded telephone conversations to and from the Vatican . On November 8 , 1943 Ugo Guspini , one of the intelligence agents involved , recorded the conversation between Fr . Giuseppe and the Jesuit Pietro Tacchi Venturi . In this verbatim account Fr . Giuseppe informed the Jesuit that he had just returned from the Viterbo Air Force base , north of Rome , where he had been told by someone who was present throughout the entire operation that the bombing was undertaken by Roberto Farinacci and a Roman pilot in an Italian Savoia-Marchetti aircraft with five bombs on board destined to knock out the Vatican Radio station because Farinacci believed it was transmitting military information to the Allies . This confirms the account given by Augusto Ferrara above and is further corroborated by Eitel Möllhausen , at the time chargé d'affaires at the German Embassy , Rome , who in his post-war memoir claimed that Farinacci was responsible and that Farinacci never denied it .
The report by Monsignor Walter S. Carroll ( see above ) , who had just returned from Allied headquarters in Algeria , that he had been informed “ very confidentially ” that the bombing was due to an American pilot who had lost his way and that another American pilot had reported seeing an Allied plane dropping its load on the Vatican , correctly represented opinion at Allied headquarters , Algeria , at the time . On November 8 , 1943 , Harold Macmillan , the then resident British Minister in Algiers , informed the British Foreign Office in a “ Most Secret ” telegram : “ I think we probably did bomb the Vatican. ” On the night in question one of seven British Boston bombers , which had been in operation just north of Rome at the time the Vatican was bombed , developed engine trouble and dropped its bombs through clouds over an unknown location in order to lighten its load and return to base . These it was thought must have been the bombs which fell on the Vatican . But at the Foreign Office it was noted that it had been a clear and cloudless night over Rome when the Vatican was bombed . And a subsequent confidential Air Ministry investigation into the incident established that the impaired Boston had actually dropped its bombs over Arce , some fifty miles southeast of Rome , and that neither it nor any other British aircraft in operation that night was responsible . The American pilot who witnessed the bombing probably saw the Savoia-Marchetti aircraft which , from a distance , is not dissimilar to the Martin Baltimore light bomber frequently used over Italy , and mistook it for an Allied aircraft .
As to the motive behind it , McGoldrick questions the claim it was intended to silence Vatican Radio . The radio station 's transmissions to the enemy and anti-Nazi broadcasts already ceased in May 1941 when Mussolini , under pressure from Hitler , threatened to invade the Vatican and close it down . But from September 8 , 1943 , when Germany invaded and occupied Rome , both British and American media outlets unleashed a series of totally untrue ( “ False News ” ) reports that the Nazis had invaded the Vatican , imprisoned the Pope and arrested a number of Cardinals . This inflamed Catholic opinion in Latin America , especially in Argentina , the last South American country to maintain diplomatic relations with Nazi Germany . From September 1943 to the end of October 1943 the German Ambassador in Buenos Aires , Eric Otto Meynen , sent a series of urgent telegrams to Berlin warning that , in the light of these reports , Argentina was about to break off relations with Germany . It was not enough , he said , to deny the allegations ; a concrete counter action was needed . This , together with a carefully choreographed German propaganda operation blaming the British , suggests that when Farinacci bombed the Vatican with British bombs , he did so under instruction from his German handlers , anxious to discredit the Allies and counter harmful Allied propaganda which threatened their diplomatic relations with Argentina , the last friendly country open to them in Latin America .
Bombing of 1 March 1944
There is less debate about the identity of the British plane that dropped bombs on the edge of Vatican City on 1 March 1944 as this was explicitly acknowledged , at least in private , by the British Air Ministry as an accidental bombing when one of its aircraft on a bombing raid over Rome dropped six bombs too close to the Vatican wall . It caused human casualties , killing a workman who was in the open and injuring a Dutch Augustinian in the College of Saint Monica . The low-yield bombs also caused damage to the Palace of the Holy Office , to the Oratory of Saint Peter , and to the Pontifical Urbanian College on the nearby Janiculum Hill . Claims persist , nevertheless , that this was an Italian plane which was seen to strike an obstacle , perhaps a tree on the Janiculum , after which it jettisoned its bombs , but crashed after hitting a house on Via del Gelsomino with its wing killing an elderly woman who lived inside . The Italian authorities quickly removed the wreckage and the dead pilot .
Monsignor Giulio Barbetta , who recounts his experience of this bombing , says that , while almost all the windows of the Holy Office building were shattered , the glass covering an image of Our Lady between it and the entrance to the Oratory of Saint Peter remained intact and the oratory itself suffered no more than the effects of shrapnel against its wall . This led to the placing of sculptures of two shield-bearing angels to right and left of the image above an inscription that states : AB ANGELIS DEFENSA KAL . MART . A.D. MCMXLIV ( Protected by angels , 1 March 1944 AD ) .
See also
Vatican City in World War II
References
Conflicts in 1943
1940s in Rome
Explosions in 1943
Explosions in 1944
November 1943 events
March 1944 events
Pope Pius XII and World War II
Airstrikes
Battles and operations of World War II involving Italy
Modern history of Italy
Battles and conflicts without fatalities
World War II operations and battles of the Italian Campaign
False flag operations
Bombing
Bombing
Conflicts in 1944
Bombing
Benjamin Howard Hibbard , Jr. ( May 23 , 1928 – October 29 , 1984 ) was an American art historian and educator . Hibbard was Professor of Italian Baroque Art at Columbia University .
Career
A native of Madison , Hibbard was born to Margaret and Benjamin , Sr. , an agricultural economics professor at the University of Wisconsin . Hibbard received both a Bachelor of Arts in philosophy and a Master of Arts in art history from the University of Wisconsin in 1949 and 1952 , respectively . His master 's thesis was on the Basilica of Notre-Dame du Port . Hibbard then continued on to Harvard University , where he earned a PhD in art history in 1958 . His doctoral dissertation on the Palazzo Borghese in Rome . Hibbard also spent that year as a Fellow at the American Academy in Rome .
A year after graduating , Hibbard joined the faculty at Columbia University . In 1965 , he was awarded a Guggenheim Fellowship , and in the following year , became a full professor . His title was Professor of Italian Baroque Art , a post that he held until his death in 1984 . From 1978 to 1981 , Hibbard was the chair of the art history department at Columbia . During the 1976-1977 academic year , he was named Slade Professor of Fine Art at the University of Oxford .
Hibbard was a scholar of such Italian artists and architects such as Gian Lorenzo Bernini , Caravaggio , Carlo Maderno , and Michelangelo , and has published extensively on related topics .
Personal life
Hibbard married Shirley Irene Griffith , with whom he had three daughters : Claire , Susan , and Carla . The family resided in Scarsdale . Hibbard died in 1984 from cancer , at the New York-Presbyterian Hospital .
Selected works
The Architecture of the Palazzo Borghese , American Academy in Rome , 1962
Essays in the History of Architecture Presented to Rudolf Wittkower , Phaidon , 1967
Bernini , Penguin Books , 1966
Carlo Maderno and Roman Architecture , 1580–1630 , Pennsylvania State University Press , 1971
Michelangelo , Harper and Row , 1974
Masterpieces of Western Sculpture from Medieval to Modern , Harper and Row , 1977
The Metropolitan Museum of Art , Harper and Row , 1980
Caravaggio , Harper and Row , 1983
See also
List of Columbia University people
List of fellows of the American Academy in Rome ( 1896–1970 )
List of Guggenheim Fellowships awarded in 1965
List of Harvard University people
List of people from Madison , Wisconsin
List of University of Wisconsin–Madison people in academics
References
External links
Dictionary of Art Historians profile
New York Times obituary
1928 births
1984 deaths
People from Madison , Wisconsin
University of Wisconsin–Madison alumni
Harvard Graduate School of Arts and Sciences alumni
American art historians
Columbia University faculty
Slade Professors of Fine Art ( University of Oxford )
Deaths from cancer in New York ( state )
Mirka is a Palestinian village .
Mirka may also refer to
Mirka ( film ) , a 2000 drama
Mirka ( name ) , a feminine given name
Mirka-class frigate of the Soviet Navy
Maida ( Calabrian : ; ( ) is an Arbëreshë is a town and comune in the province of Catanzaro , in the Calabria region of southern Italy . The British routed the French in the Battle of Maida in 1806 , as part of the War of the Third Coalition .
Maida is south of Lamezia Terme and west of the provincial capital Catanzaro .
History
On 4 July 1806 the British under General John Stuart defeated the French under Jean Reynier outside the town at the Battle of Maida . A London pub on the Edgware Road was named The Hero of Maida , which in turn gave its name to adjoining districts of London , Maida Hill and later , Maida Vale . King Ferdinand IV of Naples and Sicily awarded Stuart the title of Count of Maida .
The Norman castle of Maida was built in the 11th century under the direction of Duke Robert Guiscard .
Famous citizens
Mgr Giovanni Cervadoro , the Carbonaro and teacher , was born in Maida in 1783 and died in 1836 , wote School Stabilimenti for his students in 1829 .
Baldassarre Squitti , the teacher and politician , was born in Maida in 1855 .
The American writer Gay Talese wrote about his ancestors from Maida in 1992 's , Unto the Sons .
Giuseppe Donato , sculptor and protégé of Auguste Rodin , was born in Maida in 1881 and died in Philadelphia , PA in 1965 .
Economy
The main economic activity in the area is agriculture , especially the cultivation of olive trees , citrus , and kiwifruit . In recent years , tourism has become a significant source of income for the town .
Sister cities
Maida is a sister city with :
Ambler , Pennsylvania , United States
References
External links
Photos of Maida at Saint Francis Society of Ambler , Pennsylvania , United States
Arbëresh settlements
Cities and towns in Calabria
Audrey Hepburn ( 4 May 1929 – 20 January 1993 ) was a British actress who had an extensive career in film , television , and on the stage from 1948 to 1993 . Considered by some to be one of the most beautiful women of all time , she was ranked as the third greatest screen legend in American cinema by the American Film Institute . Hepburn is also remembered as both a film and style icon . Her debut was as a flight stewardess in the 1948 Dutch film Dutch in Seven Lessons . Hepburn then performed on the British stage as a chorus girl in the musicals High Button Shoes ( 1948 ) , and Sauce Tartare ( 1949 ) . Two years later she made her Broadway debut as the title character in the play Gigi . Hepburn 's Hollywood debut as a runaway princess in William Wyler 's Roman Holiday ( 1953 ) opposite Gregory Peck made her a star . For her performance she received the Academy Award for Best Actress , the BAFTA Award for Best British Actress , and the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress in a Motion Picture – Drama . In 1954 she played a chauffeur 's daughter caught in a love triangle in Billy Wilder 's romantic comedy Sabrina opposite Humphrey Bogart and William Holden . In the same year Hepburn garnered the Tony Award for Best Actress in a Play for portraying the titular water nymph in the play Ondine .
Her next role was as Natasha Rostova in the 1956 film adaptation of Leo Tolstoy 's War and Peace . In 1957 Hepburn starred with Fred Astaire in the musical film Funny Face , and with Gary Cooper and Maurice Chevalier in Billy Wilder 's Love in the Afternoon . Two years later she appeared in the romantic adventure film Green Mansions , and played a nun in The Nun 's Story . In 1961 , Hepburn played café society girl Holly Golightly in the romantic comedy Breakfast at Tiffany 's , and as a teacher accused of lesbianism in Wyler 's drama The Children 's Hour opposite Shirley MacLaine . Two years later she appeared opposite Cary Grant in the romantic mystery film Charade . Hepburn followed this by starring in the romantic comedy Paris When It Sizzles opposite William Holden , and as Cockney flower girl Eliza Doolittle in the musical film My Fair Lady ( both in 1964 ) . In 1967 , she played a blind woman menaced by drug dealers in her own home in the suspense thriller Wait Until Dark which earned her a Best Actress Oscar nomination . Nine years later , Hepburn played Maid Marian opposite Sean Connery as Robin Hood in Robin and Marian .
Her final film appearance was a cameo as an angel in Steven Spielberg 's Always ( 1989 ) . Hepburn 's final screen role was as the host of the television documentary series Gardens of the World with Audrey Hepburn ( 1993 ) for which she posthumously received the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Individual Achievement – Informational Programming . In recognition of her career , Hepburn earned the Special Award from BAFTA , the Golden Globe Cecil B. DeMille Award , the Screen Actors Guild Life Achievement Award , and the Special Tony Award .
Film
Television
Stage
See also
List of EGOT winners
List of Presidential Medal of Freedom recipients
References
Bibliography
External links
Actress filmographies
British filmographies
Audrey Hepburn
Dichogama amabilis is a moth in the family Crambidae . It is found in Puerto Rico , Cuba and in southern Florida .
References
Moths described in 1889
Dichogamini
The 1994 Bromley Council election took place on 5 May 1994 to elect members of Bromley London Borough Council in London , England . The whole council was up for election and the Conservative party stayed in overall control of the council .
Background
Election result
Ward results
Lib Dem , Christopher ( Chris ) Gaster , elected
Labour - Ernest ( Ernie ) Dyer , elected
Labour - Robert ( Rob ) Yeldham , Elected
Labour - Peter Fookes , elected
Labour , Patricia ( Pat ) Mansfield , elected
Labour - Susan ( Sue ) Polydorou , elected
Labour - John Holbrook , elected
References
1994
1994 London Borough council elections
The Prince of Wales 's Charitable Fund ( PWCF ) awards approximately £3 million to a range of charitable causes annually . It was founded by Charles III , then Prince of Wales , in 1979 , and is registered as The Prince of Wales 's Charitable Foundation ( formerly known as The Prince 's Charities Foundation ) .
Overview
PWCF operates as a grant making organization that supports a wide range of causes across six key themes :
Heritage and Conservation
Education
Health and Wellbeing
Social Inclusion
Environment
Countryside
The Fund operates a small grants programme , which is open all year round and awards grants of up to £5,000 to not-for-profit organisations across the United Kingdom and the Commonwealth . In addition , the Fund supports its strategic partners through a major grants programme , furthering the charitable objectives of King Charles .
Mission
Inspired by King Charles 's values of harmony and sustainability , PWCF aims through its grant making and other charitable activities to transform lives and build sustainable communities , thereby maximizing charitable impact .
This is achieved locally through supporting causes such as community projects , nationally through grants to charities such as The Prince 's Trust , Soil Association and the Rare Breeds Survival Trust and globally through awards to charities operating across the Commonwealth .
Trustees
Sir Ian Cheshire ( Chairman )
Louise Casey , Baroness Casey of Blackstock DBE
Dame Julie Moore
Sir Ken Olisa
Ms. Kristin Rechberger
The Hon . Mrs Sarah Jane Butler-Sloss
Subsidiaries
Accounting for Sustainability ( A4S )
Accounting for Sustainability ( A4S ) encourages the responsible business community to recognise the benefits of considering the environment and wider society as part of their day-to-day business decisions ; and establish a global framework for integrated corporate reporting . It has three main aims ; to inspire finance leaders , transform financial decision making and to scale up action in order to transition into a sustainable economy . A4S gained charitable status in 2021 .
The Prince 's Countryside Fund ( PCF )
The Prince 's Countryside Fund works towards creating a sustainable future for the UK countryside . It supports family farmers and rural communities through grant making and training programmes , such as the Farm Resilience Programme , which provides free business skills training to family farmers . Over the past decade , the PCF has invested more than £10 million in over 400 projects , helping to empower rural communities across the UK .
The Fund is also active in helping new entrants into farming and rural enterprise , and aims to provide young people with the skills they need to ensure that the countryside remains a living , breathing place for farmers in the future .
Duchy Originals Ltd
Duchy Originals Ltd is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Foundation . It was set up as a company by the Prince of Wales in 1990 , and is one of the largest organic food brands in the UK . Duchy Originals focuses on good food , good farming and good causes in a ‘ virtuous circle ' . The Duchy Organics range is sold exclusively through Waitrose . Each year , the royalties from the range are donated to PWCF and distributed to not-for-profit organisations through grants programmes . Last year , Duchy Originals donated £3.4 million to PWCF .
The Prince of Wales 's Foundation Romania
The Prince of Wales 's Foundation Romania continues to work with partners to deliver architectural , heritage preservation , farming and sustainable development projects across Romania .
Donations
Qatari donations
In June 2022 , The Times reported that between 2011 and 2015 King Charles accepted €3 million in cash from the Prime Minister of Qatar , Hamad bin Jassim bin Jaber Al Thani . The funds were said to be in the form of €500 notes , handed over in person in three tranches , in a suitcase , holdall and Fortnum & Mason carrier bags . Charles ' meetings with Al Thani did not appear in the Court Circular . Coutts collected the cash and each payment was deposited into the accounts of The Prince of Wales 's Charitable Fund . Fawcett 's salary in this fund was 95,000 GBP per annum . A Clarence House spokesperson stated that the appropriate covenants were carried out , and it was the `` donor 's choice '' to make the donations in cash , after which the trustees `` discussed the governance and donor relationship '' and the auditors `` signed off on the donation after a specific enquiry during the audit '' . There is no evidence that the payments were illegal or that it was not intended for the money to go to the charity . The Charity Commission announced they would review the information and determine if `` there is any role for the Commission in this matter '' . In July 2022 , the Charity Commission announced that they would not be launching an investigation into the donations as the information submitted had provided `` sufficient assurance '' that due diligence had taken place .
Bin Laden family donations
In July 2022 , The Times reported that in 2013 The Prince of Wales 's Charitable Fund had received a donation of £1 million from Bakr bin Laden and Shafiq bin Laden , both half-brothers of Osama bin Laden , the founder of militant organization al-Qaeda that was responsible for the September 11 attacks who had been disowned by his family . Charles was reportedly introduced to Bakr bin Laden in June 2000 at an exhibition in London , and he was present at a banquet during Charles 's visit to Riyadh . The two met about two weeks after the September 11 attacks at a dinner organised months earlier by the Oxford Centre for Islamic Studies , one of Charles 's patronages that has links to the Bin Laden family , to discuss the Islamic faith . Charles is said to have held a private meeting with Bakr bin Laden at Clarence House on 30 October 2013 . The Prince of Wales 's Charitable Fund responded by stating that `` the decision to accept the donation was taken wholly by the trustees '' , and `` due diligence was conducted , with information sought from a wide range of sources , including government '' . The Charity Commission described the decision to accept donations as a `` matter for trustees '' and added that based on the available information no investigation was required .
See also
The Prince 's Trust
The Prince 's Foundation
The Prince 's Countryside Fund
References
External links
The Prince of Wales 's Charitable Fund official website
The Prince 's Trust
1979 establishments in the United Kingdom
Organizations established in 1979
The Prince 's Charities
Sendhil Amithab Ramamurthy ( born May 17 , 1974 ) is an American actor . A native of San Antonio , Texas , Ramamurthy is best known for his roles as geneticist Mohinder Suresh in the NBC sci-fi drama Heroes , Gabriel `` Gabe '' Lowan in Beauty and the Beast , and Jai Wilcox in Covert Affairs .
Early life and education
Ramamurthy was born in Chicago to a Hindu family who had emigrated from India ; his father is a Kannadiga and mother is a Tamil from the Pillai community . He grew up speaking English and a little Kannada . His parents are physicians . He has one sister who is also a physician . He and his sister were raised in San Antonio . There , he went to Keystone School and graduated in 1991 .
Ramamurthy attended Tufts University initially as a pre-med major to follow in his parents ' footsteps . He was also a member of the Kappa Charge of Theta Delta Chi . He became interested in acting when he took an `` Intro to Acting '' class during his junior year as part of his graduation requirement . After participating in several plays , including Our Country 's Good , he chose to change career goals . He graduated with a bachelor 's degree in history and then attended the Webber Douglas Academy of Dramatic Art in London in 1996 , graduating in 1998 .
Career
Ramamurthy has appeared in theatrical productions of A Servant of Two Masters in London 's West End , Indian Ink at the Soho Repertory Theatre , and East Is East at the Manhattan Theatre Club . His film credits include Love & Debate ( originally titled Thanks to Gravity ) , Orient Express , Blind Dating , Little India , Shor in the City and Gurinder Chadha 's comedy film It 's a Wonderful Afterlife . In addition , he has appeared on several TV shows , including Ellen , Casualty , Guiding Light , Grey 's Anatomy , Ultimate Force , CSI : Miami , Heroes , Covert Affairs and Numb3rs .
He made a conscious decision to not audition for stereotypical Indian roles , although he has been offered such parts . Ramamurthy 's role on Heroes was his biggest to date . Although the character of Mohinder Suresh was originally written for a 55-year-old , his audition tape and screen test were convincing enough for writers to rewrite the part for Ramamurthy . Ramamurthy starred in all four seasons of Heroes , although his appearance in the final season was limited ; had the series been recommissioned for a fifth season , he would not have returned for it .
In 2000 , he appeared in NBC 's television biblical miniseries In the Beginning in the role of Adam .
Ramamurthy guest starred in a season four episode of Psych titled `` Bollywood Homicide '' , directed by his cousin Jay Chandrasekhar .
Ramamurthy joined the cast of the USA Network show Covert Affairs as Jai Wilcox from the second episode onward , replacing character Conrad Sheehan III , played by Eric Lively in the pilot . The show premiered in July 2010 . In the season 3 premiere , his character was killed off .
Ramamurthy appeared in the eighth and ninth season of The Office as Kelly Kapoor 's new boyfriend , Ravi .
On December 19 , 2012 , it was announced that he would appear in the CW show Beauty & the Beast as Gabriel Lowen , an assistant district attorney .
He appeared in his Heroes role in that series 's continuation entitled Heroes Reborn , in 2015 and 2016 .
He appeared as Dr. Ramsey Rosso/Bloodwork in the sixth season of the television series The Flash .
As of 2020 , he is part of the cast of the new Netflix series Never Have I Ever , playing Mohan Vishwakumar , the main character 's father . The series is produced by Mindy Kaling , who had first worked with Ramamurthy when she was a writer and actor on The Office .
Personal life
In 1999 , Ramamurthy married actress Olga Sosnovska . They have two children , daughter Halina ( b . 2005 ) and son Alek ( b . 2008 ) . He and his family previously lived in London and have since moved to New York .
He is a cousin of comedian and film director Jay Chandrasekhar . He is a sustaining member of WNYC .
Filmography
Movies
Television
References
External links
Sendhil Ramamurthy 's Official Website
1974 births
Living people
Male actors from Chicago
American people of Kannada descent
American people of Indian Tamil descent
Alumni of the Webber Douglas Academy of Dramatic Art
American Hindus
Male actors from San Antonio
Male actors from Texas
Tufts University alumni
Male actors from New Rochelle , New York
American male actors of Indian descent
American male television actors
American male film actors
21st-century American male actors
American emigrants to the United Kingdom
American male voice actors
Radical 208 meaning `` rat '' or `` mouse '' is 1 of 4 Kangxi radicals ( 214 radicals total ) composed of 13 strokes .
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are 92 characters ( out of 49,030 ) to be found under this radical .
Characters with Radical 208
Literature
External links
Unihan Database - U+9F20
208
Carl Ringdahl Sumner ( September 28 , 1908 – February 8 , 1999 ) was a Major League Baseball player . 'Lefty ' was born in Cambridge , Massachusetts , and lived in the state until his death in Chatham , Massachusetts .
Sumner played for the Boston Red Sox for 16 games in the 1928 season when the club finished dead last in the American League .
References
External links
Baseball Almanac
Baseball Reference
Retrosheet
Major League Baseball outfielders
Boston Red Sox players
1908 births
1999 deaths
Baseball players from Massachusetts
Joseph Hirsh Palitschinetzki ( ; 1805 – 27 November 1886 ) was a Jewish Biblical scholar .
He was instructor in the Bible in the rabbinical seminary at Zhitomir until its close , and was an assiduous student throughout his life . Palitschinetzki was the author of Ḳero miḳra ( Zhitomir , 1874 ) , on Biblical Hebrew and various other Biblical subjects . In this work , as well as in his articles contributed to different periodicals , he evinces a wide knowledge of the Hebrew language and literature . He left a number of unpublished works in manuscript .
Publications
References
1805 births
1886 deaths
19th-century Jewish biblical scholars
Jews from the Russian Empire
People from Berdychiv
People from Berdichevsky Uyezd
Avdancık can refer to :
Avdancık , Bucak
Avdancık , Osmangazi
Cape Bryant is on the northern coast of Greenland , marking the northeastern extent of the Robeson Channel where it joins the Lincoln Sea in the Arctic Ocean , at .
See also
Greenland
Bryant
The Federation autonome du collegial ( FAC ) is a teachers union in the Canadian province of Quebec , representing teachers at a number of the province 's CEGEPs .
History
The FAC represented three thousand teachers at fourteen CEGEPs during a bargaining process with the provincial government in 1989–90 . After protracted negotiations , the FAC accepted a separate contract from that of two other provincial unions representing CEGEP teachers , the Fédération nationale des enseignantes et enseignants du Québec and the Central de l'Enseignement du Quebec . During the late 1990s , the FAC had grown to represent teachers at seventeen Quebec CEGEPs . A representative of the union wrote a piece against proposed CEGEP mergers in 1997 , arguing that it would result in fewer programs and reduced access to education for students .
In 2006 , the FAC joined with other Quebec unions to create a brochure for students called , `` Let 's Talk Politics , '' drawing attention to education issues . In April 2009 , the FAC expressed its support for Syndicat des professeurs et professeures de l'Université members who were involved in labour action at the Université du Québec à Montréal .
References
Trade unions in Quebec
Education trade unions
Washington Turnpike may refer to :
Washington Turnpike ( Connecticut )
Washington Turnpike ( Maryland )
Washington Turnpike ( New Jersey )
Washington Turnpike ( Washington ) , District of Columbia , now Wisconsin Avenue
Helicia glabriflora is a species of rainforest shrubs or small trees occurring in eastern Australia . Common names include smooth or pale helicia , pale , leather or brown oak . They grow naturally in a variety of different rainforest types from the Illawarra , New South Wales ( 34° S ) to the Townsville area , Queensland ( 19° S ) . Of all the global diversity of approximately one hundred Helicia species , this one species naturally grows the furthest south , in the Minnamurra Rainforest and the Robertson area , Illawarra , New South Wales , there observed more on the relatively fertile basalt and alluvial soils .
They grow up to tall with a stem diameter up to . The grey or brown trunk is fairly smooth , with some bumps and horizontal lines . They have leathery textured leaves , long by wide . The leaf stems measure between 1 and 3 mm long , swollen at the base ; often reduced to a pulvinus .
The yellow or white flowers open from April to September , arranged in bottle–brush–shaped compound inflorescences . The fruit is a purple blue drupe , around long , maturing from April to November , with a single green seed . The flowers and fruit have the characteristic appearance of the plant family Proteaceae . The seeds are slow to germinate , usually complete after three months with a 90 % success rate .
References
glabrifolia
Flora of New South Wales
Flora of Queensland
Trees of Australia
Taxa named by Ferdinand von Mueller
is a song by Japanese rock band Asian Kung-Fu Generation . It was released as the third single of their second full-length studio album , Sol-fa , on August 4 , 2004 . In 2016 , they re-recorded Rewrite along with all songs from Sol-fa and released on November 30 , 2016 .
Reception
The song experienced immense domestic and international popularity after it was chosen as the fourth and final opening theme of the first Fullmetal Alchemist anime series . Peaking at number four on the Oricon charts , the single sold nearly 150,000 units by the end of the year it was released , making it the 63rd single of the year . It later went on to win Best Anime Theme Song at the 2007 American Anime Awards .
The song is listed on the appendix of Robert Dimery 's book 1001 Songs You Must Hear Before You Die ( And 10001 You Must Download ) .
Music video
The music video for `` Rewrite '' was directed by Kazuyoshi Oku . The video primarily features the band playing in front of enormous speakers . During the song 's breakdown , they temporarily levitate in the air . In 2016 , they released new music video of Rewrite to promote Sol-fa 2016 . The video primarily features the band playing in front of fans and speakers . During the song 's breakdown , they drowned in a sea .
Track listing
Personnel
Masafumi Gotoh – lead vocals , rhythm guitar
Kensuke Kita – lead guitar , background vocals
Takahiro Yamada – bass , background vocals
Kiyoshi Ijichi – drums
Asian Kung-Fu Generation – producer
Tohru Takayama – mixing , recording
Mitsuharu Harada – mastering
Kenichi Nakamura – recording
Yusuke Nakamura – single cover art
Charts
Certifications
References
2004 singles
2004 songs
Asian Kung-Fu Generation songs
Ki/oon Music singles
Fullmetal Alchemist songs
Songs written by Masafumi Gotoh
Helcogramma striatum , commonly called the tropical striped triplefin , the striped threefin or the neon triplefin , is a triplefin blenny of the genus Helcogramma , native from the central Indo-Pacific .
Description
The tropical striped triplefin is a small fish that can reach a maximum length of 4 cm .
The body is thin , more or less cylindrical section and relatively elongated , its mouth is terminal .
The ventral side of this fish is whitish . The rest of its body is red with white stripes running the length of its body and it has also white spots between the eyes .
The fins are translucent . its eyes are relatively large and the iris is orange .
Distribution & habitat
The tropical striped triplefin is widespread throughout the tropical and subtropical waters of the central Indo-Pacific , from the eastern coast of India , Sri Lanka included , to the Philippines and from south Japan to the Solomon Islands . >
This triplefin occurs in clear waters with moderate current from the surface down to 30 meters depth . It is normally found perched on coral or other hard surfaces where it watches for drifting food .
Biology
The tropical striped triplefin lives in small group and feeds on zooplankton .
Conservation status
The species is targeted but not thought to be threatened by the aquarium trade . It is listed as Least Concern ( LC ) on the UICN .
References
External links
Tropical striped triplefin
Fish described in 1986
The Federal Correctional Institution , Fairton ( FCI Fairton ) is a High-security United States federal prison for male inmates in New Jersey . It is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons , a division of the United States Department of Justice . The facility also has an adjacent satellite prison camp housing minimum-security male offenders .
FCI Fairton is located southeast of Philadelphia and west of Atlantic City .
Notable incidents
On August 17 , 2010 , Brian Walters , Chief Pharmacist at FCI Fairton , pleaded guilty to stealing over $ 7,000 in drugs and supplies from the prison pharmacy which he supervised . An investigation revealed that from July 2008 to July 2009 , Walters stole the drug nalbuphine hydrochloride , an opiate-based pain reliever , and other supplies , including hypodermic needles . Walters also ordered extra quantities of the drug through his position as Chief Pharmacist and took the drug and supplies in order to use the drug himself . The stolen drugs and needles were worth over $ 7,000 . He was sentenced on December 1 , 2010 , to a three-year term of probation , $ 7,041.44 in restitution and a $ 1,000 fine .
An FBI investigation in early 2012 found that FCI Fairton Correction Officer Job Brown , 39 , accepted $ 3,600 in bribes in exchange for smuggling contraband in and out of the facility . Between January 2012 and March 14 , 2012 , he accepted two separate cash payments – $ 1,100 and $ 2,500 – in exchange for using his position to smuggle tobacco and vitamin supplements to a prisoner inside the facility . Brown also smuggled approximately 900 U.S. postage stamps out of the facility for the same inmate 's benefit . Tobacco is prohibited at FCI Fairton , and inmates are also not allowed to possess more than 60 United States postage stamps , or vitamin supplements , which are not purchased through the prison commissary . Brown pleaded guilty to accepting bribes in June 2012 and was sentenced to one year in prison .
Notable inmates
See also
List of U.S. federal prisons
Incarceration in the United States
References
Buildings and structures in Cumberland County , New Jersey
Prisons in New Jersey
Fairton
Meanwhile ... Back at the Lab is the eighth studio album by American rock band Slightly Stoopid . It was released on June 29 , 2015 . `` The Prophet '' first appeared as a hidden track on their 1996 debut album Slightly $ toopid .
Track listing
`` Dabbington '' - 2:32
`` This Version '' - 3:59
`` The Prophet '' - 3:14
`` Hold It Down '' - 3:15
`` Fades Away '' - 3:10
`` F * * k You '' ( feat . Beardo ) - 2:11
`` Time Wo n't Wait '' - 4:30
`` Rolling Stone '' - 3:59
`` Guns in Paradise '' - 3:38
`` Come Around '' - 3:44
`` Call Me Crazy '' - 2:42
`` One Bright Day '' ( feat . Angela Hunte ) - 3:11
`` Life Rolls On '' - 3:39
`` What Your Friends Say '' - 3:16
Charts
References
Slightly Stoopid albums
2015 albums
Tua Birgitta Forsström ( born 2 April 1947 ) is a Finland-Swedish writer who writes in Swedish . She was awarded the Nordic Council Literature Prize in 1998 for the poetry collection Efter att ha tillbringat en natt bland hästar . Forsström 's work is known for its engagement with the Finnish landscape , travel and conflicts within relationships . She often uses quotations in her work , sometimes placing them directly into her poems and at other times using them as introductions or interludes in her sequences . She has used quotations from Egon Friedell , Ludwig Wittgenstein , Hermann Hesse and Friedrich Nietszche . In the collection After Spending a Night Among Horses ( ) ( 1997 ) Forsström uses quotations from the Andrei Tarkovsky film Stalker , they are placed as interludes in a sequence of pieces and sit alone on the page , without direct reference to their source on the page , leaving this to a Notes & Quotations section at the end of the book .
She published her first book in 1972 , A Poem about Love and Other Things ( ) . Her breakthrough into the English-speaking world came in 1987 with her sixth collection , Snow Leopard ( ) , which was translated into the English by David McDuff and published by Bloodaxe Books . In 1990 , the book won a Poetry Book Society Translation Award in the United Kingdom . In 2006 , I Studied Once at a Wonderful Faculty was published by Bloodaxe Books , with translations from David McDuff and Stina Katchadourian . The collection contains Snow Leopard ( ) ( 1987 ) , The Parks ( ) ( 1992 ) , After Spending a Night Among Horses ( ) ( 1997 ) and a new poem sequence called Minerals .
On 7 February 2019 , Forsström was elected a member of the Swedish Academy , succeeding Katarina Frostenson in seat 18 . She was inducted in December 2019 .
Bibliography
A Poem About Love and Other Things ( ) ( 1972 )
Where the Notes End ( ) ( 1974 )
Actually We are Very Happy ( ) ( 1976 )
Yellow bird's-nest ( ) ( 1979 )
September ( 1983 )
Snow Leopard ( ) ( 1987 )
The Mariana Trench ( ) ( 1990 )
The Parks ( ) ( 1992 )
After Having Spent a Night Among Horses ( ) ( 1997 )
I Studied Once at a Wonderful Faculty '' ( ) ( 2003 )
Awards
Nordic Council 's Literature Prize 1998
References
1947 births
Living people
People from Porvoo
Finnish poets in Swedish
Nordic Council Literature Prize winners
Finnish women poets
20th-century Finnish poets
20th-century Finnish women writers
21st-century Finnish women writers
21st-century Finnish poets
International Writing Program alumni
Swedish-speaking Finns
Members of the Swedish Academy
`` I Dreamt I Dwelt in Marble Halls '' , or `` The Gipsy Girl 's Dream '' , is a popular aria from The Bohemian Girl , an 1843 opera by Michael William Balfe , with lyrics by Alfred Bunn . It is sung in the opera by the character Arline , who is in love with Thaddeus , a Polish nobleman and political exile .
In popular culture
In addition to its regular performance in the opera , and in cast recordings of the opera , the aria , which was very popular in the 19th and 20th centuries , has been recorded many times by a variety of musicians as a stand-alone song . It has also been parodied .
Lewis Carroll 's parody of the lyrics was published in Lays of Mystery , Imagination and Humour in 1855 :
The song was recorded several times during the mid-twentieth century by Dame Joan Sutherland .
The opera is mentioned , and the aria referred to several times , in the 1944 novel Dragonwyck , by Anya Seton , which is set in 1844 . The song makes a brief appearance in the 1946 film adaptation of the book .
The opera is featured in two short stories published in James Joyce 's 1914 work Dubliners : `` Clay '' and `` Eveline '' .
The 1960 film The Little Shop of Horrors has character Seymour Krelborn sing a few bars of the song off-set before his character stumbles on scene a few seconds later .
An ambient , ethereal version was recorded by The Irish singer Enya for her Grammy-winning 1991 album , Shepherd Moons : this version was featured on the soundtrack of the 1993 Martin Scorsese film The Age of Innocence .
Sinéad O'Connor recorded a version of the song for the soundtrack of the 1997 Irish film The Butcher Boy .
The aria is played and sung by the character Clementina Cavendish ( Florence Hoath ) in the 1998 film The Governess .
Cellist Julian Lloyd Webber has recorded the song on two occasions : with singer Aled Jones on Jones ' 2003 album Higher ; and with harpist Catrin Finch on Lloyd Webber 's 2006 album Unexpected Songs .
Norwegian soprano Sissel Kyrkjebø featured a version on her 2006 album Into Paradise .
Australian harpist Siobhan Owen recorded the song in her album Lilium .
The protagonist in Sarah Perry 's novel Melmoth ( 2018 ) sings the song to a burn victim in a hospital in Manila ( as `` I dreamed I dwelt '' rather than `` I dreamt I dwelt '' ) and is later haunted by someone ( unknown and unseen ) singing it in Prague .
The song was used at the start of the 1972 T.V . situation comedy series “ In for a penny ” starring Bob Todd as Dan , the head attendant of a public convenience located in a town hall basement .
References
External links
1909 recording by Elizabeth Wheeler
Compositions by Michael William Balfe
Opera excerpts
English songs
1843 songs
Soprano arias
Twister Mania launched in November 2011 for the Microsoft Kinect for Xbox 360 video game console as a digital version of the Twister board game .
Developed by Naked Sky Entertainment , Twister Mania is published by Majesco Entertainment and is rated E for Everyone by the ESRB .
Reception
Reviews of Twister Mania by its target audience are generally favorable . The game has been called out by Family Friendly Gaming as one of the most family friendly games of 2011 , with a score of 96 , where it was praised for both its fun gameplay and innovative UI .
The UI is similarly called out in other reviews .
References
External links
Official Twister Mania Website
2011 video games
505 Games games
Kinect games
Majesco Entertainment games
Video games based on board games
Video games developed in the United States
Xbox 360 games
Xbox 360-only games
The 2022 Florida Atlantic Owls baseball team represented Florida Atlantic University in the sport of baseball for the 2022 college baseball season . The Owls competed in Division I of the National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) and Conference USA . They played their home games at FAU Baseball Stadium , on the university 's Boca Raton campus . The team was coached by John McCormack , who was in his fourteenth season at Florida Atlantic .
Previous season
The 2021 Owls finished 35–25 overall , and 18–14 in the conference . They lost to Old Dominion during the 2021 Conference USA Baseball Tournament .
Preseason
C-USA media poll
The Conference USA preseason poll was released on February 16 , 2022 , with the Owls predicted to finish in fifth place .
Preseason All-CUSA teams
Hunter Cooley – Starting Pitcher
Personnel
Schedule and results
Schedule Source :
Rankings
Awards
References
External links
• FAU Baseball
Florida Atlantic
Florida Atlantic Owls baseball seasons
Florida Atlantic Owls baseball
Boil That Dust Speck is the second studio album by Mike Keneally .
Track listing
All tracks composed by Mike Keneally .
`` Sooth '' ( 2:30 )
`` 'Cause of Breakfast '' ( 5:08 )
`` The Desired Effect '' ( 3:34 )
`` Skunk '' ( 2:42 )
`` I 'm Glad There 's Lemon-Freshened Thorax in You '' ( 0:09 )
`` Top of Stove Melting '' ( 2:42 )
`` Aglow '' ( 2:49 )
`` Bryan Beller 's Favorite Song '' ( 0:21 )
`` Deep-Fried Skinks Are Go '' ( 0:31 )
`` Good Morning , Sometime '' ( 1:40 )
`` Them Dolphins Is Smart '' ( 0:59 )
`` 1988 Was a Million Years Ago '' ( 3:32 )
`` Yep , Them Dolphins Is Smart , Alright '' ( 1:59 )
`` Bullys ( sic ) '' ( 5:57 )
`` My Dilemma '' ( 4:02 )
`` Helen Was Brash '' ( 1:13 )
`` Weekend '' ( 3:55 )
`` Land of Broken Dreams '' ( 2:28 )
`` Blameless ( The Floating Face ) '' ( 2:15 )
`` That Claim-Jumping Swine , O'Bannon '' ( 1:06 )
`` Faithful Axe '' ( 1:26 )
`` Natty Trousers '' ( 2:27 )
`` Scotch '' ( 3:47 )
`` There Have Been Bad Moments '' ( 4:43 )
`` Frang Tang , The Valentine Bear '' ( 1:53 )
`` I Will '' ( 0:44 )
`` In the Bone World '' ( 2:33 )
`` The Old Boat Guy , Part One '' ( 2:27 )
`` The Old Boat Guy , Part Two '' ( 2:04 )
`` The Old Boat Guy , Part Three '' ( 2:48 )
References
https : //web.archive.org/web/20120809070301/http : //www.keneally.com/discography/mksolorecords.html # boil
1994 albums
Mike Keneally albums
The Broadway Kids was a concert group based in New York from 1994 to 2004 . The group consisted of a rotating company of children , aged 8 to 16 , who have performed in at least one Broadway , Off-Broadway or major national touring production . They performed concerts singing showtunes from various musicals , appearing at special events such as Broadway on Broadway , and have recorded five Broadway-centric CDs , one Christmas CD , and two Pop-centric CDs . The Broadway Kids have also appeared in the Off-Broadway show The Broadway Kids Sing Broadway , which has been produced in various theatres in New York and elsewhere . After releasing `` Hey Mr . DJ ! '' in 2002 , The Broadway Kids quit recording CDs . They continued to tour throughout 2004 and disbanded shortly after .
Members
Notable past Broadway Kids have included :
Lacey Chabert ( Les Misérables , Family Guy , and Mean Girls )
Ashley Tisdale ( Les Misérables , Annie , The Suite Life of Zack & Cody , High School Musical ( franchise ) and Phineas and Ferb )
Christy Carlson Romano ( Even Stevens , Cadet Kelly , The Even Stevens Movie and Kim Possible )
Chris Trousdale ( Les Misérables , The Sound of Music and member of teen pop boy band Dream Street )
Greg Raposo ( Dream Street )
Jesse Eisenberg ( numerous , including Academy Award nomination for The Social Network )
Andrea Bowen ( Jane Eyre , Sugar Beats and The Sound of Music , Desperate Housewives )
Eden Riegel ( Les Misérables , The Will Rogers Follies )
Jenna Ushkowitz ( Glee )
Kathryn Zaremba ( Annie Warbucks , Full House , and Toothless )
Brandon Uranowitz ( Tony Award nominee , An American in Paris , Falsettos )
Stephen Scott Scarpulla ( Les Misérables , Dora the Explorer )
Crysta Macalush Winton ( The Who 's Tommy and Les Miserables )
Erin Rakow ( Les Miserables , The Diary of Anne Frank , and Sugar Beats )
Discography
The Broadway Kids Sing Broadway ( 1994 , Lightyear )
The Broadway Kids at the Movies ( 1997 , Lightyear )
The Broadway Kids Sing Christmas ( 1997 , Lightyear )
The Broadway Kids Back on Broadway ( 1998 , Lightyear )
The Broadway Kids Sing America ( 2000 , Lightyear )
The Broadway Kids The Best of Broadway ( 2001 , Lightyear )
The Broadway Kids Hey Mr. DJ ! ( 2002 , Lightyear )
External links
Broadway theatre
The March 821 was a British Formula One racing car used by the John MacDonald-owned RAM Racing in the 1982 Formula One World Championship . Regardless of its model designation , the car had no connection with long-established race car manufacturer March Engineering . The car did not score any world championship points . Designed by Adrian Reynard , a total of five cars were built . It was also the last Formula One car to bear the `` March '' name until 1987 , with March focusing most of their attention and resources into CART IndyCar racing .
Background
The March 821 was designed on behalf of RAM Racing .
RAM Racing was a British racing team that had been involved in various motorsport classes since 1975 . In the second half of the 1970s , the team 's focus was on the Aurora AFX Formula One Series , an all-British championship run under Formula One regulations . RAM won the championship title of this series in the 1980 season . In the Formula 1 World Championship , on the other hand , RAM initially only competed sporadically . In 1976 , 1977 and 1980 it used race cars from other manufacturers such as Brabham , March and Williams , which were purchased or rented , as a pure customer team at selected Grand Prix events . After RAM with the racer , Emilio de Villota won the Aurora Series in 1980 , the team advanced to the Formula 1 World Championship in the 1981 season . Unlike in the Aurora series , the teams here had to construct their own racing cars . Lacking resources at RAM , the team joined forces with British racing car designer Robin Herd , who had co-founded March Engineering in 1969 and was still one of the owners of the established racing car manufacturer . Herd and RAM founded the company March Grand Prix in the fall of 1980 , which was legally and organizationally independent and had nothing to do with March Engineering . A technology transfer with March Engineering where still Formula 2 cars were manufactured did not take place . Herd designed the race car for the 1981 season , which was given the model name March 811 for reasons of publicity . The car proved uncompetitive ; RAM boss John Macdonald publicly described it as `` a pile of shit '' . At the end of the 1981 season , Robin Herd retired . RAM took over the facilities and equipment from March Grand Prix and continued racing under its own supervision through the 1982 season . Regardless of the separation from Herd , the racing team also competed under the March name in 1982 . The March 821 , the race car for 1982 , also adopted this designation . However , the 821 is not considered a member of the traditional March family .
Brokered by former racing driver Guy Edwards , RAM had a sponsor in Rothmans at the start of the season , who invested “ a lot of money ” in the team . However , Rothmans left the team in the summer of 1982 after , contrary to expectations , no increase in performance had set in .
Construction and technical development
The responsible designer of the March 821 was Adrian Reynard . Reynard had been building racing cars since 1973 with his companies Saber Automotive and Reynard Motorsport . He joined RAM Racing in 1981 , initially as a technical consultant , to support Robin Herd . With Herd 's departure in late 1981 , Reynard took over as Technical Manager . The 821 was the first Formula One car designed by Reynard .
The March 821 was an evolution of last year 's 811 . Observers said the 821 was `` the car the 811 should have been back in the spring of 1981 . '' Conceptually , the 821 still followed the lines of the Williams FW07 , which had been very successful in 1979 and 1980 . The 821 was lighter than its predecessor . At 585 kg , its weight was within the range of the minimum permissible weight , but – unlike many vehicles from the competing teams – it did not fall below this , so RAM was not able to influence the balance of the car over the course of the season with purposefully distributed ballast .
Contrary to the general trend towards turbo engines , RAM continued to stick to naturally aspirated engines . As with the previous model , RAM used a 3.0-liter eight-cylinder Cosworth DFV engine in the 821 . As a result , the team increasingly fell behind in terms of performance : while the DFV engines , depending on the tuner , delivered between 490 and 530 hp , the turbo engines already achieved 560 hp ( Hart ) or 600 hp ( Ferrari , Renault ) during the 1982 season .
Adrian Reynard tried in the spring of 1982 with a view to sponsorship money from Rothmans , to launch a systematic development program that should include wind tunnel tests , among other things . However , the program had to be abandoned after Rothmans ended supporting the team again in June 1982 . Different approaches are followed to justify this : In retrospect , team boss John Macdonald was of the opinion that the Rothmans managers wanted to see good results too quickly : `` They gave us money and expected that we would be at the front of the field within a few weeks - 'money pays it ' ” . [ 5 ] The RAM pilot Jochen Masson the other hand saw the error elsewhere : Macdonald and `` his boys took the money from the Rothmans and only paid their debts from previous years with it '' . The withdrawal of Rothmans meant that from the early summer of 1982 , the development of the car `` virtually came to a standstill '' .
Another problem was the supply of tires . RAM started the season with tires from Pirelli , which were provided to the team free of charge . After private tests in the spring of 1982 had shown that the 821 ran better with Avon tires , RAM entered the Monaco Grand Prixswitched to paid Avon tires . Observers see this as a panic decision by Macdonald , who was hoping to offer better services to his impatient sponsors . A few days after the conclusion of the agreement , Avon announced that the British company would withdraw from Formula One in the short term . Macdonald then bought up all the remaining stock of Avon tires that the team used until the fall of 1982 . The tires proved uncompetitive : they were at the level of development as of January 1982 , while Pirelli continued to develop and improve the performance of their own tires throughout the year . RAM finally returned to Pirelli for the final race of the year .
Scope of production
Five examples of the March 821 were produced during the year . The numbering of the individual chassis continued the system RAM had started the year before with the 811 , produced in six examples . The first chassis of the 821 was then the RM07 .
The individual chassis
The RM08 , RM09 , RM10 , and RM11 chassis all remained in the RAM factory team . The RM07 chassis , on the other hand , was loaned to the Spanish pilot Emilio de Villota in the spring of 1982 , who entered it for five world championship races for his private racing team called LBT Team March . After de Villota gave up his Formula 1 project , RAM took over the RM07 for one of his regular drivers .
Use of the chassis in the 1982 Formula One World Championship
Racing inserts
The March 821 was used by John MacDonald 's works team in 1982 , as well as by customer team LBT Team March . Neither driver achieved a world championship point with the car .
Formula One
RAM started out in 1982 as the Rothmans March Grand Prix Team . Initially , Jochen Mass and Raul Boesel were intended as regular drivers . Adrian Reynard retroactively considered the decision to be a mistake : Mass was too old to still drive risky , while Brazilian debutant Boesel lacked the experience .
March Grand Prix Team
Mass contested his last Formula 1 season in John Macdonald 's team . With the exception of the Monaco Grand Prix , where the team competed with Avon tires for the first time , he was able to qualify regularly but repeatedly achieved worse times than his team-mate Boesel in qualifying practice . Mass 's best qualifying result was 18th place in the US East Grand Prix at the Detroit street circuit ; apart from that , he usually started from the last three rows of the grid . Mass finished 12th in South Africa and 10th in Brazil . Here , however , he was finally rated eighth after the pre-placed Nelson Piquet ( Brabham ) and Keke Rosberg ( Williams ) had been disqualified for using illegal water tanks after the race . It was a similar story at the US West Grand Prix in Long Beach : Mass came in ninth and finished eighth after Gilles Villeneuve was disqualified for technical reasons . Mass achieved his best result of the season in Detroit , where he finished seventh , one lap down . There was a serious accident at the French Grand Prix : on the eleventh lap , Mass collided with Mauro Baldi 's Arrows . Mass ' 821 crashed into the guard rails , rolled over them , landed upside down in a spectator area , and caught fire . The roll bar of the 821 broke off on the first impact , and the helmet also tore open . Although injured , Mass was able to get out of the vehicle in time . Some spectators suffered minor injuries . Mass took part in the first Friday practice session for Macdonald 's team at the subsequent German Grand Prix , but then withdrew due to excessive pain and announced his retirement from Formula One .
Rupert Keegan took over Mass ' cockpit for the remaining five races . Keegan failed to qualify twice , including on his debut in Germany . Once his car broke down for technical reasons , at the Swiss Grand Prix a driver 's error led to his early retirement . Only in Las Vegas did Keegan finish : He finished twelfth , three laps behind the winner .
The second chassis was entered for Raul Boesel at every Grand Prix in 1982 . Boesel missed the pre-qualification in Monaco and the qualification on four other occasions . His best grid position was 17th at the Brazilian Grand Prix , otherwise , like his teammates , he mostly started the race from the last three rows of the grid . Boesel finished four times ; his best result was an eighth place , which he achieved after the disqualification of Niki Lauda in Belgium . Boesel retired four times due to technical defects in the engine or the chassis . At the Canadian Grand Prix , Boesel was indirectly involved in the fatal accident involving the Osella pilot Riccardo Palettiinvolved . At the start , Didier Pironi stalled the engine of his Ferrari 126C2 . Most of the following drivers managed to avoid the unexpected obstacle . However , Boesel reacted very late and touched the standing Ferrari . Riccardo Paletti , whose view of the stationary vehicle had previously been blocked by Boesel , was unable to react in time and crashed violently into the rear of the Ferrari .
LBT Team March
Emilio de Villota entered the March 821 RM07 for his privateer team , LBT Team March , in five Grands Prix . LBT was the last team to use customer chassis in Formula 1 . The organization of the racing was not on RAM Racing but on the Formula 2 racing team Onyx Racing , which was managed by Mike Earle . Earle referred to de Villota as `` the last gentleman driver '' . He had a technical understanding ; However , his talent was not enough to establish himself in the Formula 1 World Championship with a mediocre car .
De Villota entered his March 821 at the Belgian , Monaco , Canadian , US East , and Dutch Grands Prix . In Belgium and Monaco , he already failed in the pre-qualification , in the other three World Championship races he failed to qualify . Usually , de Villota drove the slowest lap time ; an exception was the US East Grand Prix , where he was faster than Nelson Piquet in the new , largely untested BMW - turbocharged Brabham BT50 .
Interserie
In the spring of 1983 , Walter Lechner took over chassis 821 RM08 . He raced it seven times in the Interserie between May 1983 and October 1984 . Lechner won two races : the race on the Österreichring in May 1983 and the Siegerland race in September 1983 .
Complete Formula One World Championship results
( key )
References
March Formula One cars
Reynard Motorsport vehicles
Closing In on the Fire is an album by American country music artist Waylon Jennings , released on the small Ark 21 Records label on June 16 , 1998 . It features contributions from several celebrities associated with both country and rock music . The selections include , among others , Sting 's `` She 's Too Good for Me '' and Tony Joe White 's title track , creating a greater degree of musical eclecticism than in many previous Jennings releases . The singer incorporated elements of genres such as blues and rock , in addition to traditional country ballads . `` Best Friends of Mine '' , an autobiographical song , is a tribute to Buddy Holly , Hank Williams , Jr. and Jim Carchow ( former DJ and longtime voice of the Idaho Falls Chukars ) one of Jennings ' close friends from his days in Phoenix . Carl Smith , one of the performer 's idols , appears on `` Untitled Waltz '' . In an interview , the singer mentioned that he was n't fully satisfied with his take on The Rolling Stones ' `` No Expectations '' , calling it `` a little more contrived than I would have liked '' . An interview featuring Jennings commenting on the record is included as a bonus track . Closing In on the Fire , Jennings ' 72nd release , reached # 71 on the country charts and was the last studio album by the singer to be released before his death in 2002 .
Track listing
`` Closing In on the Fire '' ( Tony Joe White ) – 4:41
`` I Know About Me Do n't Know About You '' – 3:02
With Travis Tritt
`` Best Friends of Mine '' ( Jennings ) – 3:57
`` Just Watch Your Mama and Me '' ( Jennings ) – 4:45
With Jessi Colter
`` She 's Too Good for Me '' ( Sting ) – 2:30
With Sheryl Crow and Mark Knopfler
`` Back Home ( Where I Come From ) '' ( Jennings ) – 4:37
`` Be Mine '' ( Kimmie Rhodes ) – 4:41
`` Easy Money '' – 4:51
`` The Blues Do n't Care '' – 6:08
`` Untitled Waltz '' ( Kevin Welch ) – 3:52
With Carl Smith
`` No Expectations '' ( Mick Jagger , Keith Richards ) – 10:05
Interview – 9:25
Personnel
Sam Bacco - percussion
Richard Bennett - acoustic guitar , electric guitar
Pat Buchanan - electric guitar
Larry Byrom - acoustic guitar , electric guitar
Jessi Colter - vocals
Sheryl Crow - vocals
Michael Henderson - acoustic guitar , electric guitar , mandolin , harmonica
Jack Holder - electric guitar
Mark Knopfler - electric guitar
Bill Livsey - electric guitar , harmonium , accordion , Wurlitzer piano , Clavinet , Hammond B-3 organ
Greg Morrow - drums
Michael Rhodes - bass
Carter Robinson - vocals
Hargus `` Pig '' Robbins - piano
Matt Rollings - piano
Randy Scruggs - acoustic guitar
Sting - bass
Harry Stinson - percussion
Marty Stuart - electric guitar , mandolin
George Tidwell - trumpet
Travis Tritt - vocals
Robby Turner - steel guitar , resonator guitar
Steve Turner - drums
Waylon Jennings - vocals
Chart performance
References
External links
Waylon Jennings albums
1998 albums
The Pink'un was a weekly , paid-for newspaper and website that focused on Norwich City football club and also Non-League football in Norfolk , England . The paper was published every Saturday evening in Norwich during the football season .
Published by Archant , the newspaper was closely linked to its sister publication , the Norwich Evening News .
Although the paper edition is no longer published , the website survives and receives a large amount of traffic . According to a 2007 article in the Eastern Daily Press ,
`` Take , for example , the PinkUn message board : in September , when City were clearly beginning to show their true colours there were 615,000-page impressions ; the following month it had increased to 1,152,000 , helped no doubt by the sacking of Peter Grant and the consequent hunt for his replacement .
The day that Glenn Roeder was appointed , 30 October , the PinkUn site received 255,000-page impressions and November , to date , has seen 408,000 . ''
Origin of name
The name of the publication derives from the tradition of many city-based evening newspapers in Britain to produce a special weekly edition with football news , published each weekend . They were printed by their mainstream newspaper on pink paper , hence the name . Some were included with Friday or Saturday editions , and some were sold separately . Some had the formal name of their host newspaper , although they would be known locally as `` the Pink 'Un '' , while others had the formal masthead name of `` Pink 'Un '' . Their production tended to cease from the 1960s onwards as mainstream evening newspapers also declined .
In the Sherlock Holmes story `` The Adventure of the Blue Carbuncle '' , Sir Arthur Conan Doyle 's detective successfully obtained some information from a fowl seller by intentionally losing a bet to him . As Holmes explained to a bewildered Dr. Watson , `` When you see a man with whiskers of that cut and the Pink 'Un protruding out of his pocket , you can always draw him by a bet . ''
Somerset Maugham also mentioned the Pink 'Un in his novel Cakes and Ale , Chapter IX , and George Orwell in his novel Burmese Days , chapter 5 .
In addition to the Pink 'Un , a lesser number of such papers also produced a `` Green 'Un '' , printed on green paper , which covered horse racing .
References
External links
Pink 'Un Homepage
Norwich Evening News
Newspapers published in Norfolk
Sports newspapers published in the United Kingdom
Saturday newspapers
Rendsburg station is located in the city of Rendsburg in the German state of Schleswig-Holstein and is at the junction of the Neumünster–Flensburg and Rendsburg Kiel lines . It is currently operated by Deutsche Bahn , which classifies it as a category 4 station . There used to be a direct line from Rendsburg to Husum via Erfde , as distinct from the current route via Jübek . A short section of the Erfde line is still used for the carriage of freight .
At the beginning of the 20th century , the Kiel Canal was built as along with Rendsburg High Bridge over it and the Rendsburg Loop , which allowed trains to continue to use Rendsburg station . The station 's roof was renovated from 2007 to 2009 . Later , the platforms were rehabilitated . Following the completion of the renovation the station it has five tracks , four of which have a platform .
History
The approximately 34 km-long Neumünster–Flensburg railway , funded by local interests , was opened by the Rendsburg-Neumünster Railway Company ( Rendsburg-Neumünstersche Eisenbahn ) between Neumünster and the station then known as Rendsburg-Glacis as part of the Jutland Line ( Jütlandlinie ) on 18 September 1845 . This was followed on 1 January 1847 by a connection to the port railway from Rendsburg-Glacis to Rendsburg-Obereider .
Operations
In long-distance traffic , since 9 December 2007 , Intercity-Express trains on the Aarhus–Hamburg–Berlin route have stopped in Rendsburg and Eurocity trains on the Aarhus–Hamburg route . There is also a pair of InterCity trains on the weekend that run directly from Flensburg station to Berlin and Cologne , stopping at Rendsburg . On Sundays , two different InterCity services run to Flensburg .
DB Regionalbahn Schleswig Holstein ( RB-SH ) operates Regional-Express and Regionalbahn services between Neumünster and Flensburg every hour or two hours .
The Nord-Ostsee-Bahn ( NOB , now operated by Veolia Verkehr ) operates services on the Husum–Jübek–Schleswig–Rendsburg–Kiel route with modern trains every hour . The Husum–Kiel route in 2009 will be operated by DB Regio from 2011 .
It is planned is to upgrade the Kiel–Rendsburg line to allow services at half-hour intervals .
Long-distance and regional transport
Tracks
The station has five tracks , four of which are located on a platform . The tracks the movement of persons to be spanned by a platform area . Trains leave as follows :
Platform track 1 : long-distance and regional services to Hamburg , RB-SH regional services to Neumünster , RE-SH regional express services to Kiel .
Platform track 2 : NOB regional services to Kiel
Platform track 3 : long-distance services to Denmark , RB-SH regional services to Flensburg/Padborg , NOB regional services to Husum/Bad St. Peter-Ording
Platform track 4 : no scheduled services
Gallery
Notes
External links
Railway stations in Schleswig-Holstein
Railway stations in Germany opened in 1845
Establishments in Schleswig-Holstein in 1845
Rendsburg-Eckernförde
The K V class was a class of three submarines , built by Fijenoord shipyard in Rotterdam for the Royal Netherlands Navy . Used for patrols in the Dutch colonial waters . The submarines diving depth was . Only K VII was still in service at the start of World War II . She was bombed by the Japanese in the harbour of Soerabaja .
Construction
External links
Description of class
`` Fan the Flames ! '' is Liberty University 's fight song . It was written in 1989 by Dr. John Hugo , the Chairman of the Department of Music and Humanities .
The fight song is played by Liberty 's marching band , `` The Spirit of the Mountain '' , at home football games after the home team scores points . After a victory , the Liberty Flames football team sings the song to the fans on the student side grandstands .
Lyrics
References
American college songs
College fight songs in the United States
ASUN Conference fight songs
Liberty Flames and Lady Flames
1990s songs
Aalahayude Penmakkal ( ) is a Malayalam novel written by Sarah Joseph and published in 1999 . The novel is the first in the trilogy which includes 'Mattathi ' and 'Othappu ' . This novel gave widespread recognition to Sarah Joseph and her craft . 'Aalahayude Penmakkal ' won the Kerala Sahitya Academy award of 2001 , Kendra Sahitya Academy award of 2003 , Vayalar Ramavarma award of 2004 , and Cherukad Award of 2000 . The novel deals with the condition of marginalized groups in society pointed out as subalterns by Marxist Antonio Gramsci . The living and existential conditions of these groups are seldom acknowledged by the society at large and generally they are displaced from their places of stay and livelihoods , usually in the name of development and change . This transformation in their existential struggle is narrated by Annie , the central character , who gives voice to three generations of her subaltern group albeit with a feminine perspective .
Summary
The novel is narrated from the perspective of Annie , an eight-year-old child living in 'Kokkanchira ' . 'Kokkanchira ' is depicted as an undesirable place . Annie 's school teachers are also shown chiding children from 'Kokkanchira ' and showing general apathy and disgust . 'Kokkkanchira ' is described as being a dumping ground for carcasses and dead bodies , before Annie and her family moved in there . 'Kokkanchira ' is now inhabited by lowest of classes in the society . They are generally shown as people who are latrine cleaners , scavengers and belonging to dalit groups or other marginalized group of people that are shunned by higher class society . However Joseph also points out that the city of Thrissur needs the services of these groups even when the existential rights of these groups remain unacknowledged . The main theme of the novel is the displacement faced by such groups of people in the name of urbanization and development . Being from the lowest stratum , these people are easily moved from their habitual places of residences by the rich and become increasingly isolated in the middle of new pavements and multi-storied houses .
Annie is witness to these changes taking place around her , in 'Kodichiangadi ' and 'Kokkanchira ' . She describes these changes affecting her and her family through her childlike eyes and perspective . Hence it is with childlike simplicity that she observes the demolition of a stretch of single-roomed houses to make way for a bungalow and the rise of a convent near to her own home , in a plot that used to be vacant .
There are two important instruments used by the author in this novel . These are 'Aalahayude Prarthana ' or prayer of God the father and 'Amara Pandhal ' or broad bean enclosure . The Aalaha 's prayer , and the amara pandhal are two interacting symbols that dominate and control the story . Early on in the novel Annie imagines that atop the bean stalk is a completely different world , which is magnificent and filled with delight . Later on it is shown that the road roller dismantles almost half of the bean stalk enclosure , while surfacing a pathway . It allegorically refers to the demolition of Annie 's dreams by the symbol of change and development- The road roller . The second instrument is the `` . Annie hopes that one day she will come in possession of 'Aalahas ' prayer which has the power to exorcise evil , from her grandmother and by which she may change her circumstance . Towards the end of the novel she becomes the sole possessor of the 'Aalahas ' prayer recited to her by her grandmother , but she has also become the sole possessor of her people 's subculture and damnation .
Main characters
Annie - The eight-year-old girl through whose eyes the novel unravels .
Ammama - Annie 's grandmother who claims sole knowledge of the 'Aalaha 's Prayer ' which has power to drive away evil .
Kochu Rothu - Annie 's mother .
Kuttippapan - Annie 's uncle , suffering from tuberculosis .
Velliamma , Cherichi Ammai , Chinnamma , Chiyyamma - Annie 's aunts .
References
1999 novels
Malayalam novels
Novels set in Kerala
Kerala Sahitya Akademi Award-winning works
Sahitya Akademi Award-winning works
Novels by Sarah Joseph
1999 Indian novels
The Gibson-Sowards House , at 3110 N 250 W in Vernal , Utah , was built in 1891 . It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places . The listing included four contributing buildings and four contributing structures .
It is a wood frame one-and-a-half-story house built on a sandstone foundation , with the sandstone taken from a hill just to its north . It is Victorian Eclectic in style , with an irregular plan , an asymmetrical facade , and decorative porches . It includes restrained Queen Anne elements such as lathe-turned columns , decorative brackets , and scroll-cut patterned railings on its west and south porches .
Seven other contributing resources are : a log shed , a round metal granary , ruins of a rock house built around the 1880s , a 1925 garage , a c.1900 hay-derrick , a plank shed , and assorted corral fencing and water and feed troughs .
It is located about north of Vernal in Ashley Valley , a rural area in the Unitah Basin .
References
National Register of Historic Places in Uintah County , Utah
Victorian architecture in Utah
Houses completed in 1891
Fabio Calzavara ( 21 September 1950 – 28 May 2019 ) was an Italian entrepreneur and politician , He was the co-founder of Liga Veneta ( 1980 ) , a federalist party settled in Padua ( Veneto region ) .
He was a member of the board of “ European Federalist Union ” ( UEF ) founded in Zurich ( Switzerland ) , from 1982 till 1986 . He was a member of the National Council of the “ Free Autonomist Entrepreneurs Association ” ( ALIA ) from 1993 – 1994 and later on the “ Free European Federalist Entrepreneurs Association ( LIFE ) from 1995 – 1997 .
He was a member of the Italian Parliament and a Foreign Affairs Committee member of Camera dei Deputati from 1996 – 2001 . He was a member of the first Inter-parliamentarian Commission between Italy and the Russian Federation from 1997 – 2001 .
As an independent consultant , he was accredited at the European Parliament in Bruxelles/Brussels from 2003 – 2004 .
He was also elected in the following local public Administrations :
Member of Province Council of Treviso , Veneto Region ( 1985 – 1990 ) ;
Member of Common House Council of Montebelluna , Veneto Region ( 1987 – 1991 ) ;
Member of Common House Council of Mel-Belluno , Veneto Region ( 1994 – 1998 ) .
In December 2000 , he participated in the first public humanitarian aid to Iraq under the embargo , organized by Abbé Pierre and Jean-Marie Benjamin on a special flight from Paris to Baghdad , with 180 participants as parliamentarians , diplomats , journalists , religious workers , and ONG volunteers from France , Italy , Switzerland , the Netherlands , and Great Britain .
From 2005 he lived in Moscow , Russia . He died there on 28 May 2019 of a heart attack , at the age of 68 .
References
1950 births
2019 deaths
People from the Province of Treviso
Lega Nord politicians
Venetist politicians
Deputies of Legislature XIII of Italy
Politicians of Veneto
The February 2009 raids on Kabul were a series of strikes by the Taliban against Afghan government targets in Kabul , Afghanistan on February 11 , 2009 . The attacks killed 21 and injured 57 . The attacks happened the day before the new American envoy to Afghanistan and Pakistan , Richard Holbrooke , was due to arrive in the country .
Eight Taliban fighters were involved in the assault , and all were killed . Five Taliban stormed the Justice Ministry building , killing two guards then laying siege to the building for about an hour . About ten people died in the fighting there . At the Directorate of Prisons , one attacker blew himself up at a checkpoint and the other ran inside the building and blew himself up , killing seven and injuring 15 . One attacker was killed before he could attack the Education Ministry building .
The Taliban claimed the attacks , saying they were revenge for the killing of prisoners at the Pul-i-Charkhi Prison . Afghan officials said the mastermind of the attack was based in Pakistan , based on intercepted text messages . An American official blamed fighters loyal to Jalaluddin Haqqani .
On March 18 , officials from Afghanistan 's National Directorate for Security announced that they had arrested seven men and killed an eighth in Kabul and Logar province who had been involved in planning and conducting the raid . Sayed Ansari , a spokesman for the directorate , stated that the assailants were believed to have trained in Pakistan and communicated with Pakistani-based handlers before and during the assaults .
Ansari stated that an Afghan man , named Mohammad Haris , had helped organize the raid in Waziristan , Pakistan , perhaps with assistance from Pakistan 's Inter-Services Intelligence Directorate . Ansari added that the attackers were equipped with a megaphone , enough food for several days , and cellphones to keep in touch with each other and with their mastermind in Pakistan .
References
External links
Photo galleries
The New York Times Gallery
Reports
Taliban attackers storm Kabul Offices
2009 murders in Afghanistan
Mass murder in 2009
Mass murder in Kabul
Mass murder in Afghanistan
Battles of the War in Afghanistan ( 2001–2021 )
Terrorist incidents in Afghanistan in 2009
February 2009 events in Asia
Terrorist incidents in Kabul
Sherman Parkinson Lloyd ( January 11 , 1914 – December 15 , 1979 ) was a U.S. Representative from Utah .
Early life and education
Lloyd was born in St. Anthony , Fremont County , Idaho , Lloyd 's father was a counselor in the Stake Presidency at the time . Three of his grandparents were English immigrants . Lloyd attended St. Anthony and Rexburg public schools . Lloyd was a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints . Lloyd received his B.S . from Utah State University in 1935 and then studied law at George Washington University from which he received his LL.B . in 1939 .
Career
As a law student , Lloyd worked as an employee of the United States Department of Agriculture .
He was admitted to the bar in 1939 and began practice of law in Salt Lake City , Utah . He served as general counsel for Utah Retail Grocers Association from 1940 to 1962 . He served as a member of the Utah State Senate from 1954 to 1962 , majority leader in 1957 , president in 1959 , and minority leader in 1961 .
He served as a member of Utah Legislative Council from 1957 to 1961 , and chairman from 1959 to 1961 . He served as Utah representative on board of managers of Council of State Governments from 1959 to 1961 . He served as chairman of the Council of State Governments Committee on State Taxation of Interstate Income from 1961 to 1962 . He then served as director of Beehive State Bank from 1960 to 1966 . He served as a delegate to the 1960 , 1962 , 1964 , and 1966 Republican state conventions . He also served as a delegate to the 1960 Republican National Convention . He was an unsuccessful candidate for Congress in 1960 .
Lloyd was elected as a Republican to the Eighty-eighth Congress on November 6 , 1962 , defeating fellow State Senator Bruce Sterling Jenkins . Lloyd served in Congress from January 3 , 1963 to January 3 , 1965 . He was not a candidate for re-election in 1964 , choosing to launch an unsuccessful bid for United States Senate . He then returned to Utah to become vice president of Prudential Federal Savings , where he managed public relations . Lloyd was also a lecturer at the University of Utah .
Lloyd was elected to the Ninetieth and to the two succeeding Congresses ( January 3 , 1967 – January 3 , 1973 ) . He was an unsuccessful candidate for re-election in 1972 . He was later appointed assistant director of the United States Information Agency in 1973 . He again returned to Utah to teach at Utah State University from 1973 to 1974 , holding the Milton R. Merrill Chair in Political Science .
Lloyd was named a trade specialist in charge of the Utah office of the United States Department of Commerce in 1974 . He was an unsuccessful candidate 1976 United States Senate election in Utah . After his primary defeat , he became an editor and publisher .
Personal life
Lloyd resided in Salt Lake City , where he died , December 15 , 1979 . He was interred in Salt Lake City Cemetery .
References
Lloyd , Sherman P. , Sherman P. Lloyd Papers ; MSS 8537 ; 20th Century Western & Mormon Manuscripts ; L. Tom Perry Special Collections , Harold B. Lee Library , Brigham Young University .
1914 births
1979 deaths
20th-century American politicians
Latter Day Saints from Idaho
Latter Day Saints from Utah
American people of English descent
Burials at Salt Lake City Cemetery
George Washington University Law School alumni
People from St. Anthony , Idaho
Politicians from Salt Lake City
University of Utah faculty
Utah lawyers
Utah state senators
Utah State University alumni
Utah State University faculty
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Utah
The Society Of Camera Operators was founded in 1979 under the name Society of Operating Cameramen . Its primary mission is to advance the art , craft and creative contribution of the camera operator in the motion picture and television industries . The SOC represents camera operators , camera assistants , directors of photography as well as other related crafts . Its roster boasts of a global membership representing a large cultural diversity within the technical moviemaking crafts .
The SOC also publishes the four-times annually Operating Cameraman Magazine , founded in 1991 and renamed the Camera Operator Magazine in 2007 . Written from the perspective of the camera operator , each issue deals with issues relevant to the world-wide motion picture and TV industry . It includes articles on the development of the motion picture camera ( from the silent era through modern equipment ) , aspect ratios , set etiquette , the digital revolution , and other informational subjects . Camera Operator magazine contains articles written by members who describe current motion pictures and television shows they have been working on—a true representation of the experiences of camera operators on the sets and on location .
The organization hosts an annual banquet , The SOC Lifetime Achievement Awards , to honor those members who have contributed and advanced the craft of the camera operator . A portion of the proceeds from this event are donated to the Eye Care Clinic Vision Center of the Children 's Hospital Los Angeles .
Renamed the Society of Camera Operators , more befitting its diverse membership of both men and women . The society 's motto `` We See It First ! '' is a descriptive slogan referring to the fact that the camera operator , by personally viewing the scene through the viewfinder of a motion picture camera , physically sees the scene prior to anyone else until the screened dailies . `` As camera operators we see the EXACT angles that audiences will see onscreen , and not from monitors placed around the set showing the 'representation ' of what the camera operator sees and experiences . '' ( Michael Frediani , SOC past president )
Camera Operator of the Year – Film
The Society of Camera Operators for Camera Operator of the Year – Film is an annual award given by the society to camera operators for their outstanding achievements in field of filmmaking in a given year . The award was first given out in 2008 and , aside from 2011 , has presented every year since , for film achievements from the previous year .
2000s
2010s
Individuals with multiple awards
2 awards
Scott Sakamoto
| }
Individuals with multiple nominations
6 nominations
Stephen Campanelli
Scott Sakamoto
5 nominations
Colin Anderson
4 nominations
Mitch Dubin
Geoffrey Haley
Peter Rosenfeld
3 nominations
Jacques Jouffret
2 nominations
Will Arnot
Ian Fox
David Luckenbach
| }
References
External links
The SOC 's Official Web site
Camera Operator Magazine
Children 's Hospital
Lifetime achievement awards
Organizations established in 1979
1979 establishments in the United States
Entertainment industry societies
Cinematography organizations
Camping is an outdoor activity involving overnight stays away from home , either without shelter or using basic shelter such as a tent , or a recreational vehicle . Typically participants leave developed areas to spend time outdoors in more natural ones in pursuit of activities providing them enjoyment or an educational experience . The night ( or more ) spent outdoors distinguishes camping from day-tripping , picnicking , and other similarly short-term recreational activities .
Camping as a recreational activity became popular among elites in the early 20th century . With time , it grew in popularity among other socioeconomic classes . Modern campers frequent publicly owned natural resources such as national and state parks , wilderness areas , and commercial campgrounds . In a few countries , such as Sweden and Scotland , public camping is legal on privately-held land as well . Camping is a key part of many youth organizations around the world , such as Scouting , which use it to teach both self-reliance and teamwork .
Definition
The Cambridge Academic Content Dictionary defines camping as :
Camping describes a range of activities and approaches to outdoor accommodation . Survivalist and wild campers typically set off with as little as possible to get by . Other campers might use specialized camping gear designed to provide comfort , including their own power and heat sources as well as camping furniture . Camping may be combined with hiking , as in backpacking , and is often enjoyed in conjunction with other outdoor activities such as canoeing , kayaking , climbing , fishing , and hunting . Fastpacking involves both running and camping .
There is no universally held definition of what is and what is not camping . Just as with motels , which serve both recreational and business guests , the same campground may serve recreational campers , school field trips , migrant workers , and homeless at the same time . Fundamentally , it reflects a combination of intent and the nature of activities involved . A children 's summer camp with dining hall meals and bunkhouse accommodations may have `` camp '' in its name but fails to reflect the spirit and form of `` camping '' as it is broadly understood . Similarly , a homeless person 's lifestyle may involve many common camping activities , such as sleeping out and preparing meals over a fire but fails to reflect the elective nature and pursuit of spirit rejuvenation that are an integral aspect of camping . Likewise , cultures with itinerant lifestyles or lack of permanent dwellings can not be said to be `` camping '' as this is considered their way of life .
History
The history of recreational camping is often traced back to Thomas Hiram Holding , a British travelling tailor , but it was actually first popularised in the UK on the river Thames . By the 1880s , large numbers of visitors took part in the pastime , which was connected to the late Victorian craze for pleasure boating . Although Thomas Hiram Holding is often seen as the father of modern camping in the UK , he was responsible for popularising a different type of camping in the early twentieth century . He experienced the activity in his youth , when he had spent much time with his parents traveling across the American prairies . Later he embarked on a cycling and camping tour with some friends across Ireland . His book on his Ireland experience , Cycle and Camp in Connemara led to the formation of the first camping group in 1901 , the Association of Cycle Campers , later to become the Camping and Caravanning Club . He wrote The Campers Handbook in 1908 , so that he could share his enthusiasm for the great outdoors with the world .
Possibly the first commercial camping ground in the world was Cunningham 's camp , near Douglas , Isle of Man , which opened in 1894 . In 1906 , the Association of Cycle Campers opened its first own camping site , in Weybridge . By that time the organization had several hundred members . In 1910 the Association was merged into the National Camping Club . Although the First World War was responsible for a certain hiatus in camping activity , the association received a new lease of life after the war when Sir Robert Baden-Powell ( founder of the Boy Scouts movement ) became its president in 1919 .
In the US , camping may be traced to William Henry Harrison Murray 's 1869 publication of Camp-Life in the Adirondacks resulting in a flood of visitors to the Adirondacks that summer .
During the early twentieth century , the popularity of camping in the United States grew as a result of the publicity created by The Vagabonds : Henry Ford , Thomas Edison , John Burroughs , and Harvey S. Firestone . This group of famous American businessmen , inventors , and authors traveled for a period of ten years to different states where their trips were highly documented by press from across the country . Oftentimes “ ... these rough and tumble pioneers would drive toward the Adirondacks and essentially live off the land , camping at farms and buying food along the way just like ordinary Americans out for a holiday on the road . ”
The International Federation of Camping Clubs ( Federation Internationale de Camping et de Caravanning ) was founded in 1932 with national clubs from all over the world affiliating with it . By the 1960s , camping had become an established family holiday standard and today , campsites are ubiquitous across Europe and North America .
Types
Different types of camping may be named after their form of transportation , such as canoe camping , car camping , RVing , and backpacking , including ultralight backpacking .
Camping is also labeled by lifestyle : Glamping ( glamorous camping ) combines camping with the luxury and amenities of a home or hotel , and has its roots in the early 1900s European and American safaris in Africa . Workamping allows campers to trade their labor variously for discounts on campsite fees , campground utilities , and even some degree of pay . Migrant camps are formed not for recreation , but as a temporary housing arrangement . Campgrounds for custom harvesters in the United States may include room to park combines and other large farm equipment .
Camping is also popular at air shows , notably at the Oshkosh air show where people often camp in a small tent under their aircraft 's wing .
Equipment
The equipment used in camping varies with by intended activity . For instance , in survival camping the equipment consists of small items which have the purpose of helping the camper in providing food , heat and safety . The equipment used in this type of camping must be lightweight and it is restricted to the mandatory items . Other types of camping such as winter camping involve having specially designed equipment in terms of tents or clothing which is strong enough to protect the camper 's body from the wind and cold .
Survival camping involves certain items that campers are recommended to have with them in case something goes wrong and they need to be rescued . A survival kit includes mandatory items which are small and must fit in one 's pocket or which otherwise could be carried on one 's person . This kit is useless in these circumstances if it is kept in the backpack that is left in camp . Such a kit should include a small metal container which can be used to heat water over a campfire , a small length of duct tape which can prove useful in many situations , and an emergency space blanket . These blankets are specially designed to occupy minimal space and are perfect for making emergency shelters , keeping the camper warm . Also because of the aluminum-like color this blanket is reflective which means it can be easily seen from an aircraft . Candle stubs are good in starting a fire as well as in warming an enclosed space . One or two band-aids are mandatory in this type of camping . Any camper , and not only the survival ones , need waterproof matches or a lighter and a large safety pin or fish hook which can be used in fishing . Rubber gloves , antiseptic wipes , tinfoil , jackknife , or halazone tablets ( which purify the water ) are also to be included into a survival kit . Although these seem too many items to be carried on one person , they are in fact small , lightweight and definitely useful .
Winter camping can be dangerous without respecting the basic rules when it comes to this particular activity .
List of common equipment
The following is a list of commonly used camping equipment :
First aid kit
Tent , lean-to , or other form of shelter
Hammer or mallet to drive tent stakes into the soil ( hammer are often a claw hammer , which is also helpful for removing them )
Sleeping bag and/or blankets for warmth
Sleeping pad or air mattress to be placed underneath the sleeping bag for cushioning from stones and twigs , as well as for insulation from the ground
Lantern or flashlight
Hatchet , axe or saw for cutting firewood for a campfire
Fire starter for starting a campfire
Folding chairs for placement around a campfire
Ropes for stringing clothes line and for securing the shelter
Tarp for adding an additional layer of storm protection to a tent , and to shelter dining areas
Raincoat or poncho
Hiking boots
Fishing pole
Canteen ( bottle )
Chuck boxes to hold camp kitchen items for food preparation , consumption , and cleanup
Trash bags , for the handling of waste ; see leave no trace
Cathole trowel for sanitation in areas where a toilet is not provided
Insect repellent
Sunscreen for protecting the skin
Personal care products and towel
Cooler to store perishables and beverages . If electricity is available , a thermoelectric or stirling engine cooler can be used without the need for ice . Campers at modern campgrounds will normally bring perishable foods in coolers while backcountry campers will bring non-perishable foods such as dried fruits , nuts , jerky , and MREs .
Bottled water or portable water filter for areas that have access to rivers or lakes
Cooking implements such as a tripod chained grill , Dutch oven , or La Cotta clay pot can be used for cooking on a campfire . A portable stove can be used where campfires are forbidden or impractical . If using a campground with electricity , an electric frying pan or slow cooker can be used .
Firewood for campfires
Emergency Preparedness Kit
Multi-Tool or knife
Global Positioning System ( GPS )
Much of the remaining needed camping equipment is commonly available in the home , including : dishes , pots , and pans ; however , many people opt not to use their home items , but instead utilize equipment better tailored for camping . These amenities include heavy plastic tableware and salt and pepper shakers with tops that close in order to shelter the shakers from rain . Old kitchen gear purchased from thrift stores or garage sales may also be used in place of home items as an alternative to buying specialized ( and more expensive ) camping equipment . Backpackers use lightweight and portable equipment .
Campgrounds and commercial campsites
Campers span a broad range of age , ability , and ruggedness , and campsites are designed in many ways as well . Many campgrounds have sites with facilities such as fire rings , barbecue grills , utilities , shared bathrooms and laundry , as well as access to nearby recreational facilities , however , not all campsites have similar levels of development . Campsites can range from a patch of dirt , to a level , paved pad with sewer and electricity with many public and private campgrounds also offering cabin options . ( For more information on facilities , see the campsite and RV park articles . )
Other vehicles used for camping include motorcycles , touring bicycles , boats , canoes , pack animals , and even bush planes ; although backpacking on foot is a popular alternative .
Tent camping sites often cost less than campsites with full amenities , and most allow direct access by car . Some `` walk-in '' sites lie a short walk away from the nearest road , but do not require full backpacking equipment . Those who seek a rugged experience in the outdoors prefer to camp with only tents , or with no shelter at all ( `` under the stars '' ) .
Popularity
United States
According to an infographic produced by Red Rover Camping and based on data from the 2014 American Camper Report published by the Coleman Company , Inc. and the Outdoor Foundation , camping in the United States is gaining popularity after a fall of 4.2 million participants from 2011 to 2012 .
United Kingdom
According to data provided by the Great British Tourism Survey conducted by Visit England , almost 4.5 million camping and caravanning holidays were taken by British residents during the first half of 2015 , for an average of 3.7 nights . As in the United States , camping is gaining popularity , with an 8 % increase in trips compared to the same period in 2014 . The Caravan Club and the Camping and Caravanning Club represent UK campers .
Scotland allows `` wild camping '' on privately-owned wilderness .
France
Data collected by the Fédération Nationale De L'Hôtellerie De Plein Air ( FNHPA ) shows that around 113 million nights were taken at French campsites in 2015 , which was up by 3.9 % on the same period in 2014 . French holidaymakers took 77 million of these , and the rest was made up of other nationalities , the majority of whom were Dutch , German and UK tourists . The French Government hopes to have 100 million tourists each year by 2030 . The most popular region for camping is Languedoc and Roussillon with around 19,331,663 nights spent at campsites during 2015 , whilst the department with the most campsites is the Vendée .
Camping and public access
Camping on open land , regardless of ownership , is legal in a few countries , including Sweden and Scotland . In Sweden , a right of public access – allowing outdoor recreational activity on privately held wilderness – is enshrined in the constitution . Large groups , however , must obtain the landowner 's permission . In Scotland , people may camp on most uninclosed land , whether state- or privately owned . There is however a 'leave-no-trace ' policy and a common-law outdoor-access code .
See also
Backpacking with animals
Bell tent
Swag
Bow drill
Camping food
Firelighting
Hammock camping
Outdoor cooking
Tarp tent
Wilderness acquired diarrhea
Overlanding
Further reading
Jeff Guinn , The Vagabonds : The Story of Henry Ford and Thomas Edison 's Ten-Year Road Trip ( New York : Simon & Schuster , 2019 ) . https : //www.amazon.com/Vagabonds-Story-Thomas-Edisons-Ten-Year/dp/1501159305
References
External links
Images of historic camping and hiking on the Long Trail , Center for Digital Initiatives , University of Vermont Library
Reflections of Summer : Car Camping ! Video produced by Oregon Field Guide
Letter from Henry Ford to Thomas Edison thanking him for including his family on a camping trip .
Procedural knowledge
Scoutcraft
Survival skills
Types of tourism
eu : Kanpin
Bulloo Downs Station is a pastoral lease that operates as a cattle station .
Location
It is located about south of Newman and north of Meekatharra in the Mid West region of Western Australia . The homestead is found approximately west of the Great Northern Highway . Bulloo Downs shares boundaries with Mount Vernon , Sylvania , Prairie Downs , Weelarrana and Tangadee Stations as well as areas of vacant crown land .
Description
The station encompasses part of the Ashburton River and is made up of undulating slate and basalt country that support a range of native grasses . There are areas of open flats covered in salt bush and blue bush and stands of mulga . In 1980 the property occupied an area of and was carrying 3,100 cattle . The recommended carrying capacity is 2,590 cattle .
History
In 1928 the property was put up for auction by the then owners Messrs J. and L. Smith who also owned Ethel Creek , Bolinda and Illgarrarie Stations . At this stage Bulloo Downs occupied an area of and was carrying 3,000 head of cattle . The property had a five-room homestead , store , workers ' quarters , stable , one outcamp and ten sets of stockyards . Stock were watered by pools along the river and 29 wells most of which were equipped with mills and troughing .
The property was passed in at auction and remained unsold in 1929 . The property was advertised again in 1940 , again unsuccessfully , with the Smiths still owning it in 1944 .
In 1951 the owners of Bullo surrendered an portion of land . In 1952 an portion of the northern ends of Bulloo Downs and Weelarrana Stations were opened up for leasing by the Department of Lands and Surveys .
An estimated 20,000 feral donkeys were roaming on Bulloo Downs and neighbouring Prairie Downs Stations in 1957 .
See also
List of ranches and stations
References
Pastoral leases in Western Australia
Stations ( Australian agriculture )
Mid West ( Western Australia )
Xenosoma nicander is a moth in the subfamily Arctiinae first described by Herbert Druce in 1886 . It is found in Costa Rica and Panama .
References
Arctiinae
Roberto César Zardim Rodrigues , better known as Roberto ( Sapiranga , December 19 , 1985 ) , is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Vitória .
Club career
Roberto went through a few clubs in Brazil and Niigata in Japan , until he transferred to Avai on April 30 , 2009 . At the beginning of the 2010 season , he was close to a transfer to Coritiba through an exchange by the athlete Marcos Aurélio , but the deal did not go ahead and Roberto stayed in Avaí .
Club statistics
( Correct )
Honours
Avaí
Campeonato Catarinense : 2010
FC Tokyo
J2 League : 2011
Coritiba
Campeonato Paranaense : 2012
References
External links
1985 births
Living people
Brazilian footballers
Association football forwards
Campeonato Brasileiro Série A player
Campeonato Brasileiro Série B players
Figueirense FC players
Avaí FC players
Criciúma Esporte Clube players
Coritiba Foot Ball Club players
J1 League players
J2 League players
Albirex Niigata players
FC Tokyo players
K League 1 players
Ulsan Hyundai FC players
Ceará Sporting Club players
Associação Atlética Ponte Preta players
Oeste Futebol Clube players
Esporte Clube Juventude players
Londrina Esporte Clube players
Esporte Clube Vitória players
Brazilian expatriate footballers
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Japan
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in South Korea
Expatriate footballers in Japan
Expatriate footballers in South Korea
The Bryson Apartment Hotel is a historic , ten-story apartment building on Wilshire Boulevard in the MacArthur Park section of Los Angeles , California . Built in 1913 in the Beaux Arts style , it was one of the most luxurious residential buildings in Los Angeles for many years . The building is also closely associated with the city 's film noir history , having been featured in Raymond Chandler 's works and the 1990 neo-noir The Grifters . The building 's stone lions and large rooftop `` Bryson '' sign have become Los Angeles landmarks . It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983 and designated a Historic Cultural Monument ( # 653 ) by the Los Angeles Cultural Heritage Commission in 1998 .
Construction and architecture
The Bryson was built in 1913 by real estate developer , Hugh W. Bryson , along a stretch of Wilshire Boulevard that was considered to be the `` West Side '' and which was then principally a residential area . Bryson acquired the property in 1911 , purchasing and razing four houses that occupied the space . He had originally intended to construct a six-story building flush with the sidewalks along Wilshire Boulevard and Rampart Street . When neighbors complained about his plans , Bryson chose instead to build a taller structure , but one set back from the centerlines of Wilshire Boulevard and Rampart Street . In March 1912 , Bryson announced his revised plans : `` It is my intention to make this apartment house in a class by itself on this coast and finer than any other west of New York City . To that end , I shall spare no expense . ''
Bryson hired architects Frederick Noonan and Charles H. Kysor to design the building . The construction was undertaken by Bryson 's own company , F.C . Engstrum & Co. and completed in only seven months between June and December 1912 . The total cost , including land , construction , and furniture , was approximately $ 750,000 ( $ million today ) .
The building combines Beaux Arts and Classical styles . The structure was built around a central court wide and deep . At the time of its opening , it had 320 rooms divided into 96 apartments , with a configuration allowing apartments to be connected to form suites with as many as 12 rooms . All four sides of the building `` presented a finished appearance '' , each being `` handsomely ornamented with vari-colored tiles and concrete moulding . '' The interior was finished with cut-glass chandeliers , Italian marble stairs and wainscotting , tile floors , and richly upholstered mahogany furniture . The top floor was dedicated to common use , with a ballroom , library , billiard-room and three enclosed loggias . Bryson reportedly spent $ 60,000 ( $ million today ) for rugs , fine art , rare plants and furnishings for the top floor . Being located at an elevated spot in the city , and being the only high-rise in the area , the building 's top floors offered panoramic views . A 1920s brochure for The Bryson touted the view :
It has three large loggias from which one can see the Pacific Ocean , Catalina Island away , on a clear day ; green foothills , orange groves and snow-capped mountains .
Because of its setback , The Bryson was also able to make room for tennis courts and a wide lawn and gardens—though this has been reduced as the streets were widened in later years . One writer in the building 's early days noted : `` The landscaping of the place constitutes one of its principal charms . ''
Operation as an apartment hotel
Early success
When the new building opened in January 1913 , it was met with glowing praise . The Los Angeles Times called it `` magnificent '' and opined that it `` is probably the finest apartment-house west of New York City , comparing favorably with the splendid apartment-houses and apartment-hotels in the Riverside drive district of Manhattan . '' When Bryson had announced his plans , some thought Los Angeles was too small to support `` an institution of this character , '' but the building proved to be a success . In fact , the building was fully occupied within two days of its opening . In 1915 , the building was sold for $ 1.25 million ( $ million today ) , nearly 70 % more than it had cost to build just three years earlier .
In its early years , The Bryson was reportedly a favorite location for the `` beautiful people '' of the day . '' It was the only high-rise and the dominant feature on Wilshire Boulevard for many years . It was not until 1921 that The Bryson was joined by the Ambassador Hotel on Wilshire , followed by The Gaylord in 1924 , The Arcady in 1927 and Bullocks Wilshire in 1929 .
Association with Raymond Chandler and film noir
Novelist Raymond Chandler added to The Bryson 's landmark status when he featured it in his 1943 work The Lady in the Lake . Owing to its connection with Chandler , The Bryson has been described as one of the city 's `` high-rises that were meant to house wealthy transplants from back East but became the faded palaces of L.A . noir . '' In the novel , detective Philip Marlowe visited the Bryson Tower in pursuit of the title character . Chandler described the Bryson :
Twenty five minutes brought us to the Bryson Tower , a white stucco palace with fretted lanterns in the forecourt and tall date palms . The entrance was in an L , up marble steps , through a Moorish archway , and over a lobby that was too big and a carpet that was too blue . Blue Ali Baba oil jars were dotted around , big enough to keep tigers in . There was a desk and a night clerk with one of those moustaches that get stuck under your finger nail . ''
The Hollywood Chamber of Commerce reports that thousands of Chandler fans travel to Los Angeles to see the locations of Chandler 's works , including the Bryson and the Montecito Apartments . In a 2007 article about Raymond Chandler 's Los Angeles , one writer described the view of The Bryson , with `` its enduring rooftop sign , '' as `` a symbol of a cityscape that is rapidly disappearing '' —the city `` as it looked to Philip Marlowe , heading toward the Bryson Apartment Hotel for another rendezvous . ''
Chandler used The Bryson as a setting when he co-wrote the screenplay for the 1944 film noir classic Double Indemnity , which starred Fred MacMurray ( see also next section ) . When Stephen Frears shot his 1990 neo-noir , The Grifters , he chose The Bryson Apartments as one of the principal locations , serving as the home of a main character and the site of the bloody climax .
Post-war years
In 1944 , shortly after starring in the Bryson-located film Double Indemnity ( see above ) , Fred MacMurray purchased The Bryson for $ 600,000 ( $ million today ) . MacMurray owned the building for approximately 30 years . By the late 1940s , as other parts of the city expanded , The Bryson began to lose some of its prestige . In 1949 , MacMurray secured a reduction in the property tax assessment to $ 100,000 ( $ million today ) , arguing that high costs made the building unprofitable .
By the 1970s , as glitzier locations on the westside and in other areas became more popular , the shine was gone from The Bryson . In 1977 , the Los Angeles Times reported that the 10th floor , formerly the building 's showplace , had been stripped and was used only for storage .
In 1999 , the building underwent a $ 5.5 million renovation ( $ million today ) . The project drew attention by dressing the building 's landmark statues of the lions in hard hats and orange construction vests . The contractor noted : `` It 's become quite a conversation piece for people along Wilshire Boulevard . ''
Historic designations
The Bryson was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983 and designated a Historic Cultural Monument ( HCM # 653 ) by the Los Angeles Cultural Heritage Commission in 1998 . It is one of several Registered Historic Places encircling Lafayette Park , including the Granada Shoppes and Studios , The Town House , the Felipe De Neve Branch and Bullocks Wilshire one block to the west
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Los Angeles
List of Los Angeles Historic-Cultural Monuments in the Wilshire and Westlake areas
References
Residential buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Los Angeles
Los Angeles Historic-Cultural Monuments
Residential buildings completed in 1913
Apartment buildings in Los Angeles
Westlake , Los Angeles
1913 establishments in California
William Forrest Hunter ( December 10 , 1808 – March 30 , 1874 ) was an American lawyer and politician who served two terms as a U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1849 to 1853 .
Early life and career
Born in Alexandria , Virginia , Hunter received a common-school training . He studied law and was admitted to the bar . He commenced practice in Woodsfield , Ohio .
Congress
Hunter was elected as a Whig to the Thirty-first and Thirty-second Congresses ( March 4 , 1849 – March 3 , 1853 ) . He was not a candidate for renomination in 1852 .
Death
He died in Woodsfield , Ohio , on March 30 , 1874 , and was interred in Woodsfield Cemetery .
Sources
1808 births
1874 deaths
Politicians from Alexandria , Virginia
People from Woodsfield , Ohio
Ohio lawyers
Whig Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
19th-century American politicians
Lawyers from Alexandria , Virginia
19th-century American lawyers
Jean-Edme Romilly ( 1739 or 1740 in Geneva – 29 October 1779 ) was an 18th-century Genevan theologian and encyclopédiste .
Biography
The son of the watchmaker , journalist and encyclopedist Jean Romilly , whom he predeceased , his mother was Elizabeth Adrienne Joly ( born 1719 ) and his younger sister was Elisabeth Jeanne Pierrette Romilly ( 1742–1814 ) . Jean-Edme studied theology until 1763 and was called to the ministry in 1763 . Three years later , he was called as pastor of the Walloon church in London but his delicate health not accommodating to the climate , he returned to Geneva and was ordered to serve the church of Chancy . He married Françoise Dorothée Argand ( 1748–1797 ) , with whom he had a daughter , Marie Joséphine Romilly ( 1770–1823 ) . In 1770 , the Council of State of Geneva granted him his resignation , `` retaining him his rank , given his distinguished talents . ''
Charles Palissot de Montenoy , who knew him specifically , painted a man of gentle and regular manners , highly educated and endowed with the most amiable modesty . He left the reputation of a good preacher . His sermons were distinguished by a soft and persuasive unction rather than by a strong and male eloquence . In 1780 , pastor Jean-Jacques Juventin published in Geneva a collection of his sermons in 2 vols . in-8° , putting ahead the Éloge of the author .
A friend of Rousseau , d'Alembert , Diderot and Voltaire , like his father Jean-Edme Romilly worked for the Encyclopédie to which he contributed the articles Tolérance and Vertu . He also provided several articles about famous Genevois , among others Jean-Jacques Rousseau , to the Mémoires de littérature by Palissot .
He was Juliette Cavaignac 's uncle .
Sources
Eugène Haag , La France protestante , t. 8 , Paris , Joël Cherbuliez , 1858 , ( p. 513 ) .
External links
Jean-Edme Romilly on Wikisource
Genealogy on Geneanet
Theologians from the Republic of Geneva
Contributors to the Encyclopédie ( 1751–1772 )
18th-century writers from the Republic of Geneva
18th-century births
1779 deaths
18th-century clergy from the Republic of Geneva
`` If I Could Turn Back the Hands of Time '' is a song by American singer R. Kelly , released as the fifth single from his third album , R. ( 1998 ) . The song is a ballad about a man wishing he could go back in time and repair his relationship with his girlfriend . The song peaked at number 12 on the US Billboard Hot 100 and became a top-10 hit across Europe , peaking at number one in Belgium , the Netherlands , and Switzerland .
Success and legacy
The song has sold 660,000 copies in the United Kingdom and is one of R. Kelly 's biggest international hits , In Belgium , the song peaked at number one in both Flanders and Wallonia and is certified triple platinum for selling over 150,000 copies . The song was certified gold in the United States in October 2001 .
The song has been covered by several musicians , including Ed Sheeran and talent show contestants . Rapper Mims sampled the song for his debut album Music Is My Savior on the track `` I Did You Wrong '' .
Live performances
Kelly did not perform this song very often , he performed this song for the first time on live television when he was in England on the show Top of the Pops . He seemed to perform this song more when he does a show in Europe than in the US , reason for that is that this song was highly successful there .
Charts and certifications
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Decade-end charts
Certifications
Release history
References
R. Kelly songs
1990s ballads
1997 songs
1999 singles
Dutch Top 40 number-one singles
European Hot 100 Singles number-one singles
Music videos directed by F. Gary Gray
Number-one singles in Switzerland
Song recordings produced by R. Kelly
Songs written by R. Kelly
UK Independent Singles Chart number-one singles
Ultratop 50 Singles ( Wallonia ) number-one singles
Ultratop 50 Singles ( Flanders ) number-one singles
WODB may refer to :
WODB-LP , a low-power radio station ( 90.9 FM ) licensed to serve Caguas , Puerto Rico
WNNP , a radio station ( 104.3 FM ) licensed to serve Richwood , Ohio , United States , which held the call sign WODB from 2009 to 2010
Harihara ( Sanskrit : हरिहर ) is the fused sattvika characterisation of Vishnu ( Hari ) and Shiva ( Hara ) from Hindu theology . Hari is the form of Vishnu , and Hara is the form of Shiva . Harihara is also known as Shankaranarayana ( `` Shankara '' is Shiva , and `` Narayana '' is Vishnu ) .
Harihara is also sometimes used as a philosophical term to denote the unity of Vishnu and Shiva as different aspects of the same Ultimate Reality called Brahman . This concept of equivalence of various gods as one principle and `` oneness of all existence '' is discussed as Harihara in the texts of Advaita Vedanta school of Hindu philosophy .
Some of the earliest sculptures of Harihara , with one half of the image as Vishnu and other half as Shiva , are found in the surviving cave temples of India , such as in the cave 1 and cave 3 of the 6th-century Badami cave temples .
Concept
The diversity within Hinduism encourages a wide variety of beliefs and traditions , of which two important and large traditions are associated with Vishnu and Shiva . Some schools focus on Vishnu ( including his associated avatars such as Rama and Krishna ) as the Supreme God , and others on Shiva ( including his different avatars such as Mahadeva and Pashupata ) . The Puranas and various Hindu traditions treat both Shiva and Vishnu as being different aspects of the one Brahman . Harihara is a symbolic representation of this idea . A similar idea , called Ardhanarishvara or Naranari , fuses masculine and feminine deities as one and equivalent representation in Hinduism .
Depending on which scriptures ( and translations ) are quoted , evidence is available to support each of the different arguments . In most cases , even if one personality is taken as being superior over the other , much respect is still offered to both Vishnu and Shiva by the other 's worshippers ( i.e . Shiva is still regarded as being above the level of an ordinary jiva and 'the greatest of the Vaishnavas ' by Vaishnavas who worship only Vishnu ) .
Swaminarayan holds that Vishnu and Shiva are different aspects of the same God .
Legends
The earliest mention of Harihara is likely to be observed in the Harivamsha , where Markandeya discusses the being .
According to one legend , when Vishnu appeared as the enchantress Mohini in front of Shiva , the latter grew besotted with her and attempted to embrace her . At this moment , Mohini reverted to the true form of Vishnu , at which point the two deities fused as one being , Harihara .
Depictions
Harihara is depicted in art as split down the middle , one half representing Shiva , the other half representing Vishnu . The Shiva half will have the matted locks of a yogic master piled high on his head and sometimes will wear a tiger skin , reserved for the most revered ascetics . Shiva 's pale skin may be read as ash-covered in his role as an ascetic . The Vishnu half will wear a tall crown and other jewelry , representing his responsibility for maintaining world order . Vishnu 's black skin represents holiness . Broadly , these distinctions serve to represent the duality of humble religious influence in the ascetic and authoritative secular power in the king or householder . However , in other aspects Shiva also takes on the authoritative position of householder , a position which is directly at odds with the ascetic position depicted in his Harihara manifestation .
Harihara has been part of temple iconography throughout South Asia and Southeast Asia , with some illustrations listed in the following table . In some states , the concept of Harihara appears through alternate names and its progeny ; for example , temples incorporating Ayyappan and Shasta deities in Kerala illustrate this Hindu tradition there since at least the 7th century .
See also
Ardhanarishvara
Vaikuntha Kamalaja
References
External links
Shiva and Vishnu as One and the Same ( dlshq.org )
Harihara - Photograph of Carving from Hoysaleshvara Temple , Halebid ( art-and-archaeology.com )
Hindu philosophical concepts
Hindu gods
Forms of Shiva
Forms of Vishnu
Cork cambium ( pl . cambia or cambiums ) is a tissue found in many vascular plants as a part of the epidermis . It is one of the many layers of bark , between the cork and primary phloem . The cork cambium is a lateral meristem and is responsible for secondary growth that replaces the epidermis in roots and stems . It is found in woody and many herbaceous dicots , gymnosperms and some monocots ( monocots usually lack secondary growth ) . It is one of the plant 's meristems – the series of tissues consisting of embryonic disk ( incompletely differentiated ) cells from which the plant grows . The function of cork cambium is to produce the cork , a tough protective material .
Synonyms for cork cambium are bark cambium , pericambium and phellogen . Phellogen is defined as the meristematic cell layer responsible for the development of the periderm . Cells that grow inwards from there are termed phelloderm , and cells that develop outwards are termed phellem or cork ( note similarity with vascular cambium ) . The periderm thus consists of three different layers :
phelloderm – inside of cork cambium ; composed of living parenchyma cells
phellogen ( cork cambium ) – meristem that gives rise to periderm
phellem ( cork ) – dead at maturity ; air-filled ery variable between different species , and is also highly dependent on age and growth conditions , as can be observed from the different surfaces of bark , which may be smooth , fissured , tesselated , scaly , or flaking off .
Economic importance
Commercial cork is derived from the bark of the cork oak ( Quercus suber ) . Cork has many uses including wine bottle stoppers , bulletin boards , coasters , hot pads to protect tables from hot pans , insulation , sealing for lids , flooring , gaskets for engines , fishing bobbers , handles for fishing rods and tennis rackets , etc . It is also a high strength-to-weight/cost ablative material for aerodynamic prototypes in wind tunnels , as well as satellite launch vehicle payload fairings , reentry surfaces , and compression joints in thrust-vectored solid rocket motor nozzles .
Many types of bark are used as mulch .
See also
Complementary cells
Frost crack
Sun scald ( flora )
References
Plant anatomy
or ( Briséïs , or the Lovers of Corinth ) is an operatic by Emmanuel Chabrier with libretto by Catulle Mendès and Ephraïm Mikaël after Goethe 's .
Composition and performance history
It seems likely that Catulle Mendès ( who had already provided the libretto for Gwendoline and words for Chabrier 's songs `` Chanson de Jeanne '' and `` Lied '' ) , saw potential for an opera in Ephraïm Mikhaël and Bernard Lazare 's 'dramatic legend ' , and suggested the project to Chabrier . Chabrier worked on the opera from May 1888 until 1893 when his ill-health ( paralysis in the late stages of syphilis ) prevented any further progress .
The first act ( which lasts around 75 minutes ) was in a finished enough state by the end of June 1890 for Chabrier to play it to Mendès – the orchestration was then completed by the end of September of that year .
In 1894 Chabrier asked Vincent d'Indy to complete the work , but it was too difficult to piece together the sketches . Due to illness , Chabrier only completed the first act ( of the three projected ) , which was premiered at a Chabrier memorial concert in Paris on 13 January 1897 , conducted by Charles Lamoureux .
Chabrier 's heirs also asked other composers – including Debussy , Enescu and Ravel – to try to complete it .
The first staging of act 1 took place at the Neues Königliches Opernhaus in Berlin on 14 January 1899 , conducted by Richard Strauss . Briséïs is highly erotic and seductively scored music , which Strauss may well have remembered when he came to compose Salome .
The Vichy Festival staged Briséïs in a programme with in 1954 with Janette Vivalda in the title role , conducted by Paul Bastide .
The manuscript is at the , Paris . The publication of the score in 1897 included a limited edition with a portrait by Desmoulins , tributes by several friends and composers ( Bruneau , Charpentier , Chausson , D'Indy , Lamoureux , Messager and Mottl ) , as well as poems in Chabrier 's memory by de Régnier , Saint-Pol-Roux , van Lerberghe and Viélé-Griffin .
Goldmark 's opera ( 1899 ) was originally to be called Briseis , although the subject matter is different .
Roles
Synopsis
Place : Corinth
Time : during Emperor Hadrian 's reign .
Act 1Scene 1Hylas , in love with Briséïs , wishes to find fortune in Syria but pauses at the house where she lives with her sick mother Thanastô . As Briséïs appears , Hylas invokes Eros.Scene 2Briséïs and Hylas swear by Kypris [ Aphrodite ] to love each other until their last days . Briséïs insists that love must survive death into the tomb . Hylas leaves.Scene 3Thanastô implores God to save her to save the souls of the pagans around her , while regretting that her daughter does not share her Christian beliefs . Briséïs while fearful of the temptations facing Hylas vows to save her mother wracked by sickness and pain.Scene 4While the servants and Briséïs invoke the pagan gods , the Catechist arrives and prays for Thanastô , telling Briséïs that if she follows him her mother will be saved . Thanastô had promised her daughter to remain a virgin 'in eternity , a bride of God ' . Briséïs submits and follows the Catechist .
Acts 2 & 3
( Shipwrecked on the spot where Briséïs has been baptized , Hylas reminds her of her vow to him . Briséïs kills herself and then calls upon Hylas to join her in the nuptial grave . After breathing the deadly scent of the flowers she offers him , he does , to the wonder of Christians and pagans . )
Recordings
Hyperion 1994 : Joan Rodgers - Mark Padmore - Simon Keenlyside - Michael George - Kathryn Harries - conductor Jean Yves Ossonce . Chorus of Scottish Opera , BBC Scottish Symphony Orchestra ( CDA66803 ) ( recording of the UK premiere concert performance at the Usher Hall on 18 August 1994 ) .
References
Notes
Sources
Delage , Roger , Emmanuel Chabrier . Paris : Fayard , 1999 .
Larner G. Chabrier - Briséïs , or Les amants de Corinthe ( liner notes to CDA66803 ) . London , Hyperion , 1995 .
Loewenberg A. Annals of Opera . '' London , John Calder , 1978
French-language operas
1897 operas
Operas by Emmanuel Chabrier
Operas
Opera world premieres at the Berlin State Opera
Unfinished operas
Operas based on plays
Sowmeeh ( , also Romanized as Şowme ‘ eh and Sūma ‘ eh ) is a village in Mazul Rural District , in the Central District of Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 963 , in 306 families .
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Baby Smurf ( original French title : Le Bébé Schtroumpf ) is the twelfth album of the original French-language Smurfs comic series created by Belgian artist Peyo .
Apart from the titular story , it contains three more : The Handy Smurf , The Smurf Paint and A Smurfy Party .
Plots
Baby Smurf
During a blue moon night , a stork leaves a baby Smurf at the door of a Smurf house and leaves . The Smurfs quickly hand the baby to one another until he ends up with Smurfette . The next day , all the Smurfs converge to see the baby , save for Grouchy Smurf , who hates baby Smurfs . Brainy Smurf asks if the baby is Smurfette 's , which offends her .
The baby is adopted by all Smurfs ( save for Grouchy ) . Handy Smurf makes a bed for the baby , including a machine to swing it , but Papa Smurf opts for swinging the bed at hand . Greedy Smurf bakes a cake for Baby Smurf , but Smurfette tells him that Baby is too small for cakes . Other Smurfs wash Baby 's dirty clothes . When Baby sees Grouchy passing , he tries to imitate his gruff expression , which seems to mellow Grouchy down , but he fakes apathy when Smurfette asks him to carry the baby . Brainy asks Papa Smurf where the baby Smurfs come from , but Papa 's answer is so complicated that he still does n't understand anything . At night , Baby Smurf 's crying does n't let any Smurf sleep .
The next day , the Smurfs prepare a party in Baby Smurf 's honor , but the stork arrives with a note saying that Baby was a `` delivery error '' and must be taken away . Everybody is upset including Smurfette who goes into a non stop crying spree , but they do n't have any option but return the baby . However , they soon find that Grouchy Smurf has escaped with the baby . The Smurfs seek for Grouchy and Baby throughout the forest . Grouchy manages to avert being found , but then he decides to return to the village after noticing the many dangers Baby would face in the forest as well as Baby Smurf falling ill by catching a cold .
After the Smurfs give Baby back to the stork , life in the village turns sad ; even Jokey Smurf and the Smurf getting his trademark explosive present try to laugh but end crying . That same night , the stork returns with Baby , with a note saying that Grouchy Smurf 's care for the baby has caused the baby to be allowed to stay with the Smurfs .
The Handy Smurf
Handy Smurf creates a drill , but he begins to try it on everything ( the water pump , Harmony Smurf 's flute , etc . ) , which causes trouble for the Smurfs ' daily lives . When he 's found out , the other Smurfs catch him and make a new invention to get revenge on him : a rotating kicking machine that keeps kicking Handy himself .
The Smurf Paint
The Smurfs try to paint the village to restore it , and some of them add their `` personal touch '' to the labor . Several Smurfs have difficulties painting , so Handy Smurf creates a paint-spraying system , which he makes work with Harmony Smurf 's help .
Meanwhile , Gargamel creates an invisible paint , and uses it on himself to follow some Smurfs to the village . While Papa Smurf goes to his lab to make a formula against Gargamel , Handy and Harmony spray paint on Gargamel , making him visible . Gargamel , blinded by the paint , goes stumbling back at his own house . He decides to use a formula to become a dragon , but accidentally drops the remaining invisible paint on the book with the formula .
At the village , Papa Smurf still works on his formula , not knowing that Gargamel has already left .
A Smurfy Party
Gargamel finds that the Smurfs are organizing a party , so he disguises as a bunny to ask them to invite him . The Smurfs immediately recognise Gargamel , but bring him ( blindfolded ) to the village to give him a lesson . Papa Smurf drops a starch solution on Gargamel , who is immobilised . The party continues until a sudden rain dissolves the solution and Gargamel gets free . However , a Smurf ties Gargamel 's feet to a rocket that sends him away to the forest , where a fox sees the bunny-disguised Gargamel and starts chasing him .
Publication and other media
This book takes several details from the Smurfs TV series :
Smurfette lives in the Smurf Village .
In the episode Once In A Blue Moon Smurfette wrote an angry letter protesting the return of Baby Smurf to the `` creators '' instead of going into an uncontrollable crying spree .
Most of the Smurfs begin to use personalized costumes ( Handy with overalls , Vanity with a flower on his hat , etc. ) . Baker Smurf and Vanity Smurf had sporadically used their `` own '' costumes before , but from this album on , it becomes permanent .
The Smurf in Baker attires is Greedy Smurf . Later stories show Baker and Greedy as separate characters .
The Smurfs books
Orlovka ( ) is a rural locality ( a village ) in Mikhaylovsky Selsoviet , Bakalinsky District , Bashkortostan , Russia . The population was 82 as of 2010 . There are 2 streets .
Geography
Orlovka is located 26 km south of Bakaly ( the district 's administrative centre ) by road . Budennovets is the nearest rural locality .
References
Rural localities in Bakalinsky District
Kretovka ( ) is a rural locality ( ) in Bolsheannenkovsky Selsoviet Rural Settlement , Fatezhsky District , Kursk Oblast , Russia . Population :
References
Notes
Sources
Rural localities in Fatezhsky District
Furio Radin ( born 1 June 1950 ) is a Croatian politician who is currently serving as a Member of the Croatian Parliament for the Italian national minority , an office he has held since 7 September 1992 . He has also been the Chair of the Parliamentary Committee on Human Rights and Rights of National Minorities since 2000 , and one of the Deputy Speakers of the Parliament since 9 June 2017 . Radin is the longest-serving Member of Parliament in Croatian history , with a service lasting , as of .
Radin was first elected to the parliament in the 1992 election and was subsequently reelected to eight more terms , in the 1995 , 2000 , 2003 , 2007 , 2011 , 2015 , 2016 and 2020 elections respectively . Although he is formally an independent , he has closely cooperated with the liberal regionalist Istrian Democratic Assembly party , in whose parliamentary club he also sits .
Early life and education
Furio Radin was born on 1 June 1950 in Pula , where he also attended elementary and high school . He earned a degree in psychology from the Faculty of Humanities and Social Sciences in Zagreb and later gained a PhD in the same field of study . During his youth , he was active in the Croatian branch of the League of Communist Youth of Yugoslavia , where he was responsible for the scientific activity of young people .
Political career
Radin was first elected to the Croatian Parliament in the 1992 parliamentary election , as a representative for the Italian national minority , and was reelected in the next seven elections . He did not actively campaign for the 2011 parliamentary election because he was the sole candidate . Between 1993 and 2001 , he served as councillor in the Assembly of Istria County . Since 2000 , Radin has presided over Parliament 's Committee on Human Rights and Rights of National Minorities , having been elected to that function six times by 2017 .
Personal life
Radin is married to sociologist Helena Štimac who is chairwoman of the Office for Gender Equality of the Croatian Government . His wife was a member of the Croatian Social Liberal Party between 1990 and 1997 , and of the Liberal Party , in which she served as a vice president , between 1997 and 2006 . The couple has no children . Furio Radin does , however , have two daughters , Petra and Paola , from his first marriage with Jasna Petrović . His brother Fabrizio , a member of the Istrian Democratic Assembly party , is the president of the Executive Committee of the Italian Union in Croatia and he was the Prefect of Istria County , from 6 July 2019 until 2021 elections . Fabrizio was previously also a three-time Deputy Mayor of Pula and the Deputy Prefect of Istria County , from 2017 until 2019 .
References
1950 births
Living people
People from Pula
Istrian Italian people
Representatives in the modern Croatian Parliament
Matthias H. Nichols ( October 3 , 1824 – September 15 , 1862 ) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio .
Born in Sharptown , New Jersey , Nichols attended the common schools .
Learned the trade of a printer .
He moved to Ohio in 1842 and settled in Lima .
He studied law .
He was admitted to the bar in 1849 and commenced practice in Lima , Ohio .
Nichols was elected prosecuting attorney for Allen County in 1851 , but resigned the following year to campaign for Congress .
Nichols was elected as a Democrat to the Thirty-third Congress , elected as an Opposition Party candidate to the Thirty-fourth Congress , and reelected as a Republican to the Thirty-fifth Congress ( March 4 , 1853 – March 3 , 1859 ) .
He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1858 to the Thirty-sixth Congress .
He resumed the practice of his profession .
He died in Cincinnati , Ohio , September 15 , 1862 .
He was interred in the Old Cemetery , Lima , Ohio .
He was reinterred in Woodlawn Cemetery .
Sources
External links
1824 births
1862 deaths
People from Salem County , New Jersey
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Opposition Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Ohio Republicans
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives
Politicians from Lima , Ohio
County district attorneys in Ohio
19th-century American politicians
Blase may refer to :
Saint Blase or Saint Blaise ( 4th century ) , patron saint of wool combers
Blase J. Cupich ( born 1949 ) , archbishop of the Chicago Archdiocese
Blase Bonpane ( fl . 1983–2018 ) , director of the Office of the Americas
Tom Golisano or Blase Thomas Golisano ( born 1941 ) , American businessman and philanthropist
Francis Blase Delehanty ( 1859–1932 ) , justice of the New York Supreme Court
Dave Blase ( fl . 1958–1962 ) , American cyclist
Blase , Missouri , unincorporated community in St. Charles County , Missouri , U.S .
See also
Blasé ( disambiguation )
Bläse , a settlement in Fleringe on the island of Gotland , Sweden
Red Snow is a 2021 American horror comedy film directed by Sean Nichols Lynch . The film stars Dennice Cisneros as a supernatural romance author living in Lake Tahoe who comes into conflict with vampires over the Christmas holidays . The film had its international premiere at London FrightFest on August 26 , 2021 and was released on December 28 , 2021 .
Plot
Struggling vampire romance novelist Olivia Romo is spending her Christmas holidays alone at her deceased mother 's cabin in Lake Tahoe . One night , an injured bat slams against her window . Olivia takes the wounded animal inside her garage to nurse it back to health . The next morning , Olivia is surprised to discover that the bat has transformed into a handsome vampire named Luke .
Olivia stocks up on pig 's blood from the local butcher to feed her new house guest and soon the weakened vampire is up on his feet and talking . The unlikely companions get to know each other and start to form a tenuous friendship , but Olivia grows suspicious of Luke 's intentions as his past begins to catch up with him .
Vampire hunter Julius King visits Olivia posing as a private investigator and tells her he 's looking for a trio of dangerous criminals , one of them being Luke . Olivia covers for Luke , but King sees right through her lies . He attempts to seize Luke by force , only to be killed in the process .
Luke attempts to mend his shaky relationship with Olivia by giving her feedback on her book . Just as he 's gotten back into her good graces , his vampire friends Jackie and Brock arrive on the scene , implying that he 's strayed too far from his ruthless vampire roots and must kill Olivia .
Jackie and Brock invade Olivia 's home on Christmas Eve and Olivia barely escapes with her life in King 's abandoned SUV . While the vampires go on a late night killing spree , Olivia learns the horrible truth about Luke 's past from King 's records . Olivia calls one of King 's associates , Simon , who advises her not to attempt to deal with the dangerous vampires herself . Nevertheless , on Christmas morning , Olivia returns to her cabin and fights the vampires , killing Brock and Jackie by impaling them through the heart . Olivia then shoots Luke with a crossbow , seemingly killing him as well .
Ten months later , Olivia is a successful author of vampire fiction . Following a book signing in Los Angeles , Olivia returns to her cabin where she has imprisoned the barely living Luke in her garage , forcing him to be her muse in exchange for blood .
Cast
Dennice Cisneros as Olivia Romo
Nico Bellamy as Luke
Laura Kennon as Jackie
Vernon Wells as Julius King
Alan Silva as Brock
Edward Ewell as Simon
Production
While developing the project , Lynch took inspiration from some of his favorite vampire films such as Fright Night and The Lost Boys . He wrote the characters of Olivia and Luke specifically for Cisneros and Bellamy respectively . Other roles were cast in the San Francisco Bay Area . The film was shot on location in Lake Tahoe over the course of 12 shooting days with an additional day of shooting at a bookstore in Berkeley , California .
Release
The film premiered at Panic Fest , a horror/genre film festival in Kansas City , Missouri , on April 14 , 2021 . It went on to screen at film festivals around the world throughout 2021 , including London FrightFest , New York City Horror Film Festival , GenreBlast , and Buenos Aires Rojo Sangre .
The film was released through various video-on-demand services in the United Kingdom , Ireland , Australia , New Zealand , Sweden , Norway , Denmark , Finland and Korea on December 6 , 2021 . The film received a DVD and video-on-demand release in the United States on December 28 , 2021 .
Reception
The film has approval rating based on critic reviews on Rotten Tomatoes . Martin Unsworth of Starburst rated the film 4/5 stars and praised the performance of Cisneros , saying `` her wide-eyed wonder at meeting a real vampire is infectious , and she carries the role beautifully . '' In a negative review , Cath Clarke of The Guardian criticized the film 's comedic tone , saying `` it 's a black comedy with some silly splattery gore . ''
The film won both the Audience Award and Best Horror/Thriller Feature at the 2021 GenreBlast Film Festival , as well as Best On-Screen Duo for Cisneros and Bellamy . At the Sacramento Horror Film Festival , it won the Best Feature prize while the New York City Horror Film Festival named the film Best Horror Comedy Feature of its 2021 edition . For her performance as Olivia Romo , Cisneros was awarded Best Actress in a Feature Film in the International Competition at Buenos Aires Rojo Sangre in Argentina and the Masque Rouge award for Best Performance at the Portland Horror Film Festival .
References
External links
2021 films
2021 independent films
2021 comedy horror films
2021 horror thriller films
2020s Christmas horror films
American comedy horror films
American independent films
American vampire films
American Christmas horror films
American Christmas comedy films
Vampire comedy films
2020s English-language films
2020s American films
Kontrafakt is a Slovak hip-hop rap group which was formed by Rytmus , Ego and DJ Anys in Slovakia , Piešťany in 2001 .
History
Rytmus became a well-known figure in the Slovak hip-hop scene of the second half of the 1990s . He originally performed under the nickname `` Pa3k Metamorfolord '' , which was invented by Kofik ze Senca , under which he appears in the compilation Zvuk Ulice ( Sound of The Streets ) .
In 2001 , Rytmus met Ego and Anys , who have collaborated with each other before , for example in the band Prízrak in the 90 's . Rytmus thus became the founder of the hip-hop trio Kontrafakt , but at first the group performed under the name Déjavu . After performances at hip-hop festivals , the group accepted an offer to record and in the summer of 2003 the publishing house of the Czech hip-hop magazine BbaRáK released their first single Dáva mi/Dobré veci/Moja rola . The single , Dáva mi , had a video clip that was shot by a former Prague graffiti writer , now a director , Romeo . The music video topped many charts in Slovakia and Czech Republic . The video even appeared on MTV .
In 2003 , they released their first mixtape , Tri špinavé mená ( Three dirty names ) . In 2004 , they released their debut album , E.R.A .. The album received a very positive feedback from the Slovak hip-hop community and hip-hop started rapidly growing . E.R.A . is certified platinum . In 2005 , they went on their first tour and the first hip-hop tour in Slovakia , MURDARDO MULANO TOUR . It is considered to be a groundbreaking thing in Slovak hip-hop , since it was the first hip-hop tour , clubs were sold out , there was a unique connection between rappers and professional singers from Slovakia , it had the best sound and light equipment and a live band . They performed in various bigger cities .
In 2007 , they released their 2nd studio album , Bozk na rozlúčku ( Goodbye Kiss ) . On the album , Nate Dogg appeared on one track . In 2013 their 3th studio album , Navždy ( Forever ) was released , which contains a song produced by DJ Premier named O5 S5 . Navždy ( Forever ) is certified platinum in Slovakia and Czech Republic . In May 2014 , they went on their second tour , NAVŽDY TOUR . They visited 7 Slovak cities .
In 2019 , they released their 4th studio album , Real Newz , which had some new names on it such as Dalyb , Samey , Zayo , Dokkeytino , Viktor Sheen , Calin and others . The album is considered new school .
In 2020 , Kontrafakt 's music video `` Ideme dnu ( We Go In ) '' was nominated for Best Cinematography at the Berlin Music Video Awards . The cinematographer behind this music video is Radim Strelka .
In 2021 , 20 years after the group formation , they released their 5th studio album , KF ako Rolls ( KF like Rolls ) , to celebrate the anniversary . Before the album was released , they released a preview of every song on YouTube . Two days later , a documentary film , The Most Legendary , was also released on their YouTube channel . The documentary explained the timeline of the group as a whole .
Kontrafakt frequently appears at Hip Hop Kemp and other hip-hop festivals .
Kontrafakt is the best-selling hip-hop group in Slovakia . Every Kontrafakt album is certified platinum .
Members
The group 's members are Rytmus , Ego and DJ Anys .
Discography
Mixtapes
Tri špinavé mená ( 2003 )
Studio albums
E.R.A . ( 2004 )
Bozk na rozlúčku ( 2007 )
Navždy ( 2013 )
Real Newz ( 2019 )
KF ako Rolls ( 2021 )
Singles
Dáva mi ( 2003 )
I tak to osiągnę ( WWO ft. Orion , Włodi , Kontrafakt & Soundkail ) ( 2006 )
Stokujeme Vonku ( 2013 )
Music videos
2003 – Dáva mi
2004 – E.R.A .
2005 – Pravda bolí/Mulano stylos
2005 – Nelutujem
2006 – Moji ľudia
2006 – I tak to osiągnę ( WWO ft. Orion , Włodi , Kontrafakt & Soundkail )
2006 – Potrebujem tvoju nenávisť
2007 – Život je boj
2009 – Bozk na rozlúčku
2013 – Stokujeme Vonku
2013 – Odviati Vetrom
2013 – JBMNT
2013 – V mojom svete
2014 – Kým neskapem
2014 – Keď Jazdíme My
2014 – Podzemie
2014 – SSMD
2015 – Život je film
2019 – Ideme dnu
2019 – Neviditelnej ( ft. Viktor Sheen , Calin )
2019 – Jlo ( ft. Mirez x Dalyb x Zayo x Dokkeytino x Porsche Boy )
2019 – Si Sa Namotal
2020 – Pocity ( ft. Sima )
2020 – Instagram
2020 – Mesiac
2021 – Reklama na Rap
2021 – Iní
DVD
MURDARDO MULANO TOUR 2005 ( DVD )
Tours
MURDARDO MULANO TOUR
NAVŽDY TOUR
References
Slovak musical groups
Walther Braithwaite ( 18 November 1933 – 7 January 2018 ) was a former Surinamese football manager and player who played as a midfielder and left back in the Surinamese Hoofdklasse for S.V . Transvaal and S.V . Voorwaarts . He also managed the Suriname national team for the nations 1978 and 1986 FIFA World Cup qualifying campaigns , finishing in eighth place in the finals in Mexico in the 1978 edition .
He was also a former cricket player and winner of three gold medals , who played for cricket club Rood-Wit in the Netherlands .
Football career
Early career
Braithwaite was born and raised in the Nickerie District , Suriname where he joined local football club VV Robinhood ( not to be confused with the club S.V . Robinhood from Paramaribo of the same name ) .
SV Transvaal
At age 17 he moved to Paramaribo and joined S.V . Transvaal . Becoming a key player on the first team , he would go on to play for the team for six seasons , while winning the national championship in 1951 , before opting to play for S.V . Voorwaarts instead .
SV Voorwaarts
In 1956 Braithwaite joined S.V . Voorwaarts where he was moved from his usual midfield position to playing left back . In 1957 he helped the club to its fourth national championship and his personal second in the league .
Cricket career
RKSV Rood-Wit
In 1966 he joined RKSV Rood-Wit playing in the Topklasse , the top flight of cricket in the Netherlands .
Managerial career
In 1976 Braithwaite took over the managerial position on the Suriname national team , with Ro Kolf as his assistant he would help the team to an eighth place finish in the finals of the nations 1978 FIFA World Cup qualifying campaign . In 1985 , he took over as manager of the national team once more , failing to qualify for the 1986 FIFA World Cup after being eliminated in the qualifying rounds by Honduras .
Honours
S.V . Transvaal
Hoofdklasse : 1951
S.V . Voorwaarts
Hoofdklasse : 1957
References
2018 deaths
1933 births
People from Nickerie District
Surinamese footballers
Surinamese football managers
Suriname national football team managers
S.V . Transvaal players
S.V . Voorwaarts players
SVB Eerste Divisie players
Association football midfielders
Association football fullbacks
George Washington Crouse ( November 23 , 1832 – January 5 , 1912 ) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio .
Born in Tallmadge , Ohio , Crouse attended the common schools .
He taught school for five years .
He moved to Akron , Ohio .
Deputy in offices of county auditor and treasurer 1855–1858 .
Auditor of Summit County from 1858 to 1863 , he then served as county treasurer in 1863 .
Manager in 1863 of the Akron branch of C. Aultman & Co. Buckeye mower and reaper business
Upon the organization of Aultman , Miller & Co. in 1865 , as a separate corporation , Crouse became secretary and treasurer , and later its president .
During the Civil War Crouse served as sergeant in Company F , 164th Ohio Infantry , and served in fortifications around Washington in 1864 .
He served as member and president of the city council for four years and of the board of education of the city of Akron four years .
He was commissioner of Summit County in 1874 and 1875 and served as a member of the State senate from 1885 to 1887 .
Crouse was elected as a Republican to the Fiftieth Congress ( March 4 , 1887 – March 3 , 1889 ) but declined to be a candidate for renomination in 1888 , resuming former business activities .
His daughter , Mary , married David Marshall Mason from Scotland who was a Member of Parliament at Westminster .
He died in Akron , Ohio , January 5 , 1912 and was interred in Glendale Cemetery .
Crouse married Martha K. Parsons of Kent , Ohio on October 18 , 1859 . Their children were Martha P. , Julia M. , Mary R. , Nellie J. , and George W. , Jr .
References
External links
1832 births
1912 deaths
County auditors in the United States
People from Tallmadge , Ohio
Ohio state senators
People of Ohio in the American Civil War
Union Army soldiers
19th-century American politicians
Burials at Glendale Cemetery , Akron
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
19th-century American businesspeople
The 2022 Vermont Senate election will take place on November 8 , 2022 as part of the biennial United States elections . The election will coincide with elections for other offices including the U.S. Senate , U.S. House , Governor , and State House . Vermont voters will elect all 30 state senators from 16 districts , with each district electing between one and three senators . State senators serve two-year terms in the Vermont Senate . The primary election was held on August 9 , 2022 . All the members elected will serve in the Vermont General Assembly . This election will be the first to use new districts adopted by the Vermont General Assembly to allocate for population changes across the state after the 2020 census .
Summary of results
Retiring incumbents
Ten incumbent senators ( 5 Democrats , 3 Republicans and both Progressives ) have announced they wo n't seek reelection .
Caledonia : Joe Benning ( R ) ( running for Lieutenant Governor )
Chittenden : Christopher Pearson ( P/D )
Chittenden : Michael Sirotkin ( D )
Franklin : Corey Parent ( R )
Rutland : Joshua Terenzini ( R )
Rutland : Cheryl Hooker ( D/P )
Washington : Anthony Pollina ( P/D )
Windham : Becca Balint ( D ) ( running for Congress )
Windham : Jeanette White ( D )
Windsor : Alice Nitka ( D )
Detailed results
Addison
Elects two senators .
Incumbent Democrats Ruth Hardy , who has represented the district since 2019 , and Christopher Bray , who has represented the district since 2013 , are both running for re-election .
Democratic primary
Christopher Bray , incumbent senator
Ruth Hardy , incumbent senator
Republican primary
Lloyd Dike ( write-in )
Robert Burton ( write-in )
Independents
Mason Wade , homesteader and candidate for this district in 2018 and 2020
General election
Bennington
Elects two senators .
Incumbent Democrats Dick Sears , who has represented the district since 1993 , and Brian Campion , who has represented the district since 2015 , are both running for re-election .
Democratic primary
Brian Campion , incumbent senator
Dick Sears , incumbent senator
Republican primary
General election
Caledonia
Elects one senator .
Following statewide redistricting , the Caledonia district now only elects one senator instead of two . Incumbent Democrat Jane Kitchel , who has represented the district since 2005 , is running for re-election . Incumbent Republican Joe Benning , who has represented the district since 2011 , is retiring to run for Lieutenant Governor .
Democratic primary
Jane Kitchel , incumbent senator
Republican primary
J.T . Dodge , anti-carbon tax activist , former vice chair of the Vermont Libertarian Party , and Libertarian nominee for this district in 2020
General election
Chittenden Central
Elects three senators .
Following statewide redistricting , the former Chittenden district which elected six senators , was split up into three new districts Chittenden Central which elects three senators , Chittenden North which elects one senator , and Chittenden Southeast which also elects three senators . Incumbent Democrat Philip Baruth , who has represented the Chittenden district since 2011 , is running for re-election here . Incumbent Progressive Christopher Pearson , who has represented the Chittenden district since 2017 , is retiring .
Democratic primary
Andrew Brown , president of the Essex Junction Board of Trustees ( withdrew , remained on ballot )
Dawn Ellis , member of the Vermont Human Rights Commission and candidate for this district in 2014 and 2016
Philip Baruth , incumbent senator
Martine Gulick , Burlington school board member
Erhard Mahnke , former president of the Burlington city council and candidate for this district in 2020
Tanya Vyhovsky , state representative
Independents
Infinite Culcleasure , community advocate and candidate for mayor of Burlington in 2018
General election
Chittenden North
Elects one senator .
Following statewide redistricting , the former Chittenden district which elected six senators , was split up into three new districts Chittenden Central which elects three senators , Chittenden North which elects one senator , and Chittenden Southeast which also elects three senators . The new Chittenden North district has no incumbent .
Democratic primary
Brian Shelden , chair of Essex Democrats , former director of the Essex Economic Development Commission , and candidate for state house in 2020
Irene Wrenner , journalist and former Essex selectman
Republican primary
Leland Morgan , state representative
General election
Chittenden Southeast
Elects three senators .
Following statewide redistricting , the former Chittenden district which elected six senators , was split up into three new districts Chittenden Central which elects three senators , Chittenden North which elects one senator , and Chittenden Southeast which also elects three senators . Incumbent Democrats Thomas Chittenden , who has represented the Chittenden district since 2021 , Ginny Lyons , who has represented the Chittenden district since 2001 , and Kesha Ram Hinsdale , who has represented the Chittenden district since 2021 , are all running for re-election here . Incumbent Democrat Michael Sirotkin , who has represented the Chittenden district since 2014 , is retiring .
Democratic primary
Thomas Chittenden , incumbent senator
Ginny Lyons , incumbent senator
Steve May , social worker , former Richmond selectman , former Bolton selectman , and candidate for this district in 2018 and 2020
Lewis Mudge , Charlotte selectman
Kesha Ram Hinsdale , incumbent senator
Republican primary
General election
Essex
Elects one senator .
Following statewide redistricting , the former Essex-Orleans district which elected two senators has been split up into the Essex and Oreans districts , which each elect one senator . Incumbent Republican Russ Ingalls , who has represented the Essex-Orleans district since 2021 , is running for re-election .
Republican primary
Russ Ingalls , incumbent senator
Democratic primary
General election
Franklin
Elects two senators .
Incumbent Republican Randy Brock , who has represented this district since 2017 , is running for re-election . Incumbent Republican Corey Parent , who has represented this district since 2019 , is retiring .
Republican primary
Randy Brock , incumbent senator
Robert Norris , state representative and former Franklin County Sheriff
Democratic primary
Pam McCarthy , former nonprofit executive and candidate for this district in 2018
Jessie Palczewski
General election
Grand Isle
Elects one senator .
Incumbent Democrat Richard Mazza , who has represented this district since 1985 , is running for re-election .
Democratic primary
Richard Mazza , incumbent senator
Republican primary
Stephen Bellows , landscaping contractor ( also ran for governor )
General election
Lamoille
Elects one senator .
Incumbent Republican Richard Westman , who has represented this district since 2011 , is running for re-election .
Republican primary
Richard Westman , incumbent senator
Democratic primary
General election
Orange
Elects one senator .
Incumbent Democrat Mark MacDonald , who has represented this district since 2003 , is running for re-election .
Democratic primary
Mark MacDonald , incumbent senator
Republican primary
John Klar , former attorney and candidate for Governor of Vermont in 2020
General election
Orleans
Elects one senator .
Following statewide redistricting , the former Essex-Orleans district which elected two senators has been split up into the Essex and Orleans districts , which each elect one senator . Incumbent Democrat Robert Starr , who has represented the Essex-Orleans district since 2005 , is running for re-election here .
Democratic primary
Robert Starr , incumbent senator
Republican primary
Samuel Douglass , chair of Vermont Young Republicans
General election
Rutland
Elects three senators .
Incumbent Republican Brian Collamore , who has represented the district since 2015 , is running for re-election . Incumbent Democrat Cheryl Hooker , who has represented the district since 2019 , and incumbent Republican Joshua Terenzini , who has represented the district since 2021 , are both retiring .
Republican primary
Brian Collamore , incumbent senator
David Weeks , national security expert , military veteran , and candidate for this district in 2020
Terry Williams , Poultney selectman
Democratic primary
Joshua Fergusan ( write-in )
Bridgette Remington , attorney
Anna Tadio , Rutland city councillor and vice chair of the Rutland County Democratic Party
General election
Washington
Elects three senators .
Incumbent Democrats Ann Cummings , who has represented the district since 1997 , and Andrew Perchlik , who has represented the district since 2019 , are both seeking re-election . Incumbent Progressive Leader Anthony Pollina , who has represented the district since 2011 , is retiring .
Democratic primary
Ann Cummings , incumbent senator
Jared Duval , semiconductor manufacturing executive
Jeremy Hansen , Berlin selectman
Andrew Perchlik , incumbent senator
Anne Watson , mayor of Montpelier
Republican primary
Paul Bean
Dexter Lefavour , farmer and engineer ( write-in )
Dwayne Tucker , civil engineer and candidate for Lieutenant Governor of Vermont in 2020
General election
Windham
Elects two senators .
Incumbent Democrat Senate President pro tempore Becca Balint , who has represented the district since 2015 , is retiring to run for Congress . Incumbent Democrat Jeanette White , who has represented the district since 2003 , is also retiring .
Democratic primary
Wichie Artu , farmer
Wendy Harrison , traveling municipal manager
Nader Hashim , former state representative
Republican primary
Mark Coester , logger ( also running for U.S. Senate as an Independent )
Richard Kenyon , tax preparer
Richard Morton , chair of the Windham County Republican Party and nominee for Vermont State Treasurer in 2018 ( also running for state auditor )
After winning the primary , Mark Coester filed to run as an Independent instead . The Windham County Republican Committee chose Richard Morton , the third-place primary finisher , to replace him as the second Republican on the general election ballot .
Independents
Mark Coester , logger
Tim Wessel , Brattleboro selectman
General election
Windsor
Elects three senators .
Incumbent Democrats Alison Clarkson , who has represented the district since 2017 , and Richard McCormack , who has represented the district since 2007 , are both seeking re-election . Incumbent Democrat Alice Nitka , who has represented the district since 2007 , is retiring .
Democratic primary
Alison Clarkson , incumbent senator
Richard McCormack , incumbent senator
Chris Morrow , former bookstore owner ( withdrew , remained on ballot )
Rebecca White , state representative
Republican primary
Dana Colson , welding supplies company owner and candidate for Lieutenant Governor of Vermont in 2020
Alice Flanders , former teacher , retired U.S. Navy engineer , and candidate for state house in 2020
Bill Huff ( write-in )
General election
See also
2022 Vermont elections
2022 United States elections
2022 United States Senate election in Vermont
2022 United States House of Representatives election in Vermont
2022 Vermont gubernatorial election
2022 Vermont lieutenant gubernatorial election
2022 Vermont House of Representatives election
Notes
References
Senate
Vermont Senate
Vermont Senate elections
Ingrid Joy Wilhite ( May 4 , 1959 – January 15 , 2008 ) was an American filmmaker and musician .
Early life
Wilhite was born in Boise , Idaho and raised in Kuna , Idaho , the daughter of George Wesley Wilhite and Wilma Joy Ax Wilhite . She learned to play accordion as a child . She attended Rutgers University , where she created a comic , Pheminist Phunnies , for the Caellian , a campus publication , co-chaired the school 's Gay and Lesbian Alliance , and graduated in 1982 .
Career
Wilhite moved to San Francisco after college , and worked in advertising , editing commercial videos . She wrote , directed and edited short independent films , often comedic , and mostly shown at gay and lesbian film festivals . Her film credits included Fun with a Sausage ( 1984 ) , L'Ingenue ( 1985 ) , It 's a Lezzie Life : A Dyke-u-mentary ( 1987 ) The Lesbian Impress Card ( 1990 ) , Pet Names , Mister Sisters ( 1994 ) , A Religious Experience ( 1997 ) , Hooter Polka , and Radical Harmonies ( 2002 ) . She also worked on Seen Anything Good Lately ? ( 1997 ) , a GLAAD documentary on television representations of lesbian , gay , bisexual , and transgender people , and made an educational video on cat adoption , Whisker Tips . Writer Kate Bornstein described Wilhite in 1991 as `` my favorite lesbo laughmaker '' .
Wilhite played accordion in a musical duo , Cabaret Tormento .
Awards
Wilhite was a second-place winner at the Idaho State Accordion Festival in 1967 . Her Fun with a Sausage won an award in the Super 8 category at the 1983 San Francisco Gay and Lesbian Film Festival .
Personal life and legacy
Wilhite died in Berkeley in 2007 , from brain cancer , at the age of 48 . She was survived by her partner , Saundra Symonds . Her master tapes and other materials are in the Outfest UCLA Legacy Project for LGBTQ Film Preservation .
References
External links
Yo ! Ingrid ! a memorial blog maintained from 2008 to 2017 , by her friend Caren Crockett
1959 births
2008 deaths
American women film directors
Rutgers University alumni
LGBT people from Idaho
People from Boise , Idaho
LGBT film directors
Lodz Ghetto mark ( , ) was a surrogate currency that circulated in the Lodz Ghetto in 1940—1944 until the Ghetto was liquidated in August 1944 . It was divided into 100 pfennig ( ) . The notes had no value outside the Ghetto , and could not be exchanged into other currencies .
Special ghetto currency
When the ghetto was created , its inhabitants were forced to exchange their cash and valuables for the ghetto mark . Other large ghettos in Poland adopted a different approach : they were allowed to use banknotes of the Polish zloty and small denominations of the German Reichsmark with unique stamps indicating that this currency can only be used in the ghetto . This was an effective way to strip ghetto residents of their possessions while preventing them from fleeing . Outside of Poland , only the Terezin Ghetto is known to have used its own surrogate currency .
The earliest 10 pfennig coins ' design strongly resembled the Reichspfennig of the Third Reich , and the occupation authorities demanded a new design . Further coins were designed by Morduch Glazer ( 1890–1950 ) .
The initial design of the banknotes was proposed by Wincenty Brauner , a member of the pre-war art group Jung Jidysz , and featured a man breaking apart his chains ; this design was rejected by German authorities . The final design was developed by Ignacy Gutman , head of the Ghetto 's construction department : it featured a Menorah and a Star of David in the corner . Printing forms for coins were engraved by Pinkus Szwarc .
Order # 70 of June 24 , 1940 , was issued by Chaim Rumkowski , and urged Ghetto residents to exchange their money into the Ghetto marks . The use of other money in the Ghetto was punishable by death penalty .
Coins
Coins were issued in the following denominations : 10 pfennig , 5 , 10 and 20 mark .
Banknotes
Notes were issued in the following denominations : 50 pfennig , 1 , 2 , 5 , 10 , 20 and 50 mark .
References
External links
A brief history of the ghetto notes and further links
Łódź Ghetto
Currencies of Poland
Mark ( currency )
The Medal for Environmental and Safety Technologies was established by the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers ( IEEE ) Board of Directors in 2008 . This award is presented for outstanding accomplishments in the application of technology in the fields of interest to IEEE that improve the environment and/or public safety . The medal is sponsored by Toyota Corporation .
The award may be presented to an individual or a team of up to three people .
Recipients of this award receive a gold medal , a bronze replica , a certificate and an honorarium .
The award was presented for the first time in 2010 .
Basis for Judging : In the evaluation process , the following criteria are considered : public benefits of the contribution ; degree in improvement in important performance metrics ; innovative design , development , or application engineering ; favorable influence on the contribution on technical professions .
Nomination deadline : 1 July
Notification : Recipients are typically approved during the November IEEE Board of Directors meeting . Recipients and their nominators will be notified following the meeting . Then the nominators of unsuccessful candidates will be notified of the status of their nomination .
Presentation : At the annual IEEE Honors Ceremony
Recipients
References
Environmental and Safety Technologies
Environmental technology
Azara 's spinetail ( Synallaxis azarae ) is a species of bird in the family Furnariidae , named after Spanish naturalist Félix de Azara .
Distribution and habitat
It is found in Argentina , Bolivia , Colombia , Ecuador , and Peru . Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests , subtropical or tropical moist montane forests , and heavily degraded former forest .
References
Azara 's spinetail
Birds of the Northern Andes
Azara 's spinetail
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
John H. Mahan ( July 22 , 1898 – September 2 , 1955 ) was an American track and field athlete who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics . He was born in Gainesville , Texas .
Mahan a fullback and kicker on the national champion 1919 Texas A & M Aggies football team under head coach Dana X. Bible .
In 1920 , he finished twelfth in the javelin throw competition .
References
External links
1898 births
1955 deaths
Texas A & M Aggies football players
American male javelin throwers
Olympic track and field athletes of the United States
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 1920 Summer Olympics
Hypericum virginicum ( Triadenum virginicum ) , the marsh St. Johns-wort or Virginia marsh St. Johnswort , is a species of flowering plant in the family Hypericaceae . It is native to the central and eastern United States and eastern Canada .
Hypericum virginicum is a small herbaceous plant growing up to in height . Its leaves are sessile and opposite , sometimes clasping . The flowers grow up to in diameter , with 5 pink petals . It flowers in the summer to early fall and grows in bogs , wet meadows , fens , swamps , and along lakeshores . It can be distinguished from the closely related Hypericum fraseri by its longer , acute sepals , and longer styles .
Alexander Garden first observed this plant in 1754 , but following correspondence with Jane Colden realized that she had previously collected and recorded the same species in 1753 , one year before his discovery . As such , Jane Colden held naming rights for what both naturalists thought would be a newly described genus . Colden generously offered to name it Gardenia in Garden 's honor , however this was later rejected by Carl Linnaeus when John Ellis also proposed naming the cape jasmine Gardenia jasminoides in Garden 's honor . As cape jasmine had been collected earlier ( at least by 1680 ) it received priority in naming .
In the end it was originally described as Hypericum virginicum by Linnaeus in 1759 . In 1837 Rafinesque proposed placing it a new genus , Triadenum , acknowledging , perhaps unknowingly , Jane Colden 's original belief that Hypericum virginicum was sufficiently unique to warrant its own genus . Members of the genus Triadenum have white to pink petals , always 9 stamens , and three staminodal glands alternating between the stamen fascicles .
References
virginicum
Plants described in 1759
Flora of North America
El Mehdi Chokri ( born 23 January 1997 ) is a Moroccan cyclist , who most recently rode for French amateur team AC Bisontine .
Major results
2015
African Junior Road Championships
1st Road race
2nd Team time trial
3rd Individual time trial
1st Time trial , National Junior Road Championships
2016
1st Team pursuit , African Track Championships ( with Abderrahim Aouida , Soufiane Sahbaoui and Mohcine El Kouraji )
2nd Overall Tour de Côte d'Ivoire
1st Stage 4
2017
National Under-23 Road Championships
1st Time trial
2nd Road race
2018
2nd Overall Tour de l'Espoir
References
External links
1997 births
Living people
Moroccan male cyclists
The Vivian Infiltration Area is an environmentally significant hydrological infiltration complex in Whitchurch–Stouffville , Ontario , Canada . It is primarily a heavily wooded forest . The Vivian Infiltration Area `` contributes groundwater to the Oak Ridges aquifer complex '' .
References
Whitchurch-Stouffville
Geography of the Regional Municipality of York
Natural areas in Ontario
Elaine Alice Rich is an American computer scientist , known for her textbooks on artificial intelligence and automata theory and for her research on user modeling . She is retired as a distinguished senior lecturer from the University of Texas at Austin .
Education and career
Rich is the daughter of applied mathematician Robert Peter Rich . She majored in linguistics and applied mathematics at Brown University , graduating magna cum laude in 1972 . She completed her Ph.D. at Carnegie Mellon University in 1979 . Her doctoral dissertation , Building and Exploiting User Models , was supervised by George G. Robertson .
She joined the University of Texas at Austin as an assistant professor in 1979 , but in 1985 moved to the Microelectronics and Computer Technology Corporation ( MCC ) as a researcher in the Human Interface Laboratory and Knowledge-Based Natural Language Project . At MCC she became director of the Artificial Intelligence Laboratory in 1988 . She left MCC in 1993 . In 1998 she returned to the University of Texas as an adjunct associate professor , and in 2000 became a senior lecturer .
Books
Rich is the author of :
Artificial Intelligence ( McGraw-Hill , 1983 ; 2nd ed. , with K. Knight , 1991 ; 3rd . ed , with K. Knight and S. B. Nair , 2009 )
Automata , Computability , and Complexity : Theory and Applications ( Prentice-Hall , 2008 )
Recognition
Rich was named a Fellow of the Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence in 1991 .
References
External links
Home page
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
American computer scientists
American women computer scientists
Brown University alumni
Carnegie Mellon University alumni
University of Texas at Austin faculty
Fellows of the Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence
Interleukin 20 ( IL20 ) is a protein that is in humans encoded by the IL20 gene which is located in close proximity to the IL-10 gene on the 1q32 chromosome . IL-20 is a part of an IL-20 subfamily which is a part of a larger IL-10 family .
IL-20 subfamily also includes other cytokines , including IL-19 , IL-20 , IL-22 , IL-24 , and IL-26 . Members of the cytokine IL-20 subfamily form an important link between the immune system and epithelial tissues due to the fact that receptors for these cytokines are highly expressed on epithelial cells and are almost exclusively produced by cells of the immune system .
IL-20 requires an IL-β-subunit receptor ( IL-20RB ) for signaling , which can form a functional heterodimeric receptor with either the α-subunit of the IL-20 receptor ( IL-20RA ) or the α1-subunit of the IL-22 receptor ( IL-22RA1 ) . Both of these receptor variants allow efficient IL-20 signaling . Receptors for IL-20 are expressed in the skin , lungs , ovary , testes , and placenta . IL-20 is mainly produced by myeloid cells such as monocytes , granulocytes , and dendritic cells but can also be produced by keratinocytes and fibroblasts . The expression of IL-20 is stimulated by IL-1β , IL-17 , IL-22 , TNF , and LPS . The main cellular targets of IL-20 are keratinocytes , endothelial cells , and adipocytes . IL-20 has been shown to transduce its signal through signal transducer and activator of transcription 3 ( STAT3 ) in keratinocytes .
Function
IL-20 has a broad range of functions and is involved in a variety of immune and non-immune processes in the body . For example , IL-20 is involved in the process of wound healing , proliferation of epithelial cells , prevention of apoptosis of epithelial cells , regulation of differentiation of keratinocytes during inflammation , the expansion of multipotential hematopoietic progenitor cells , and more .
A specific receptor for this cytokine is highly upregulated in psoriatic skin . Dysfunctional regulation of IL-20 could lead to uncontrollable wound healing in psoriasis , which could be a contributing factor to the pathogenesis of this disease .
Because IL-20 is involved in the promotion of proliferation of epithelial cells it is also linked to the development of cancer . Receptors for IL-20 are very often expressed on tumorous cells of epithelial origin . High expression of IL-20 is also associated with bladder cancer . On the other hand , IL-20 is known to prevent tissue damage as a result of chronic inflammation which may reduce the chance of developing cancer . So the role of IL-20 in cancer development is ambiguous and needs to be further explored .
IL-20 is an angiogenesis factor and is highly expressed in artery plaques found in patients with atherosclerosis .
In rheumatoid arthritis
IL-20 is involved in many stages of rheumatoid arthritis ( RA ) progression . IL-20 stimulates the secretion of chemokines MCP-1 and IL-8 in synovial fibroblasts , which attract neutrophils and T-cells . IL-20 is also an upstream regulator of TNF-α , IL-1 , and IL-6 , which are involved in the pathogenesis of RA . IL-20 is highly expressed in the synovial fluid of RA patients . Serum levels of IL-20 are not different from those of healthy controls , suggesting that IL-20 is involved in the pathogenesis of RA only at local sites of inflammation . Receptors for IL-20 are highly expressed in the synovial membranes of RA patients . Due to the clear association of IL-20 with RA , anti-IL-20 antibody is now in a clinical trial for RA .
Antibody
Anti-IL-20 monoclonal antibodies have been researched as clinical candidates for the treatment or prevention of psoriasis , rheumatoid arthritis , atherosclerosis , osteoporosis , and stroke . The anti-IL-20 antibody has been shown to reduce the severity of RA in rats , mitigate bone destruction , and more . The anti-IL-20 antibody neutralizes not only IL-20 signaling but also decreases TNF-α , IL-1 , and IL-6 signaling in vivo . A human recombinant monoclonal antibody against IL-20 developed by Novo Nordisk Inc. now entered the IIb phase of a clinical trial .
References
External links
Interleukins
FC Barsa Sumy is a youth football center and a former professional football club from Sumy , Ukraine .
History
It was created in 2012 based on the Specialized Sports School of Olympic Reserve .
After participating in the 2013 Ukrainian Football Amateur League competition the administration decided to enter the professional leagues for the 2015–16 season . Finishing in 12th position in the 2015–16 the club 's administration decided to withdraw from the PFL .
League and cup history
{ |class= '' wikitable ''
|-bgcolor= '' # efefef ''
! Season
! Div .
! Pos .
! Pl .
! W
! D
! L
! GS
! GA
! P
! Domestic Cup
! colspan=2|Europe
! Notes
|-bgcolor=SteelBlue
|align=center|2013
|align=center|4th
|align=center|5
|align=center|8
|align=center|2
|align=center|2
|align=center|4
|align=center|6
|align=center|11
|align=center|8
|align=center|
|align=center|
|align=center|
|align=center|
|-bgcolor=PowderBlue
|align=center|2015–16
|align=center|3rd
|align=center|12
|align=center|26
|align=center|5
|align=center|3
|align=center|18
|align=center|14
|align=center|51
|align=center|18
|align=center|1/32 finals
|align=center|
|align=center|
|align=center bgcolor=pink|Withdrew
|-
|align=center rowspan=2|2016-17
| rowspan= '' 2 '' align= '' center '' |Res ( 2nd )
|align=center|2
|align=center|18
|align=center|12
|align=center|3
|align=center|3
|align=center|40
|align=center|12
|align=center|39
|align=center rowspan=2|
|align=center rowspan=2|
|align=center rowspan=2|
|align=center|Group 1
|-
|align=center|4
|align=center|5
|align=center|1
|align=center|1
|align=center|3
|align=center|5
|align=center|15
|align=center|4
|align=center|Final group
| }
External links
Official website
References
Amateur football clubs in Ukraine
Football clubs in Sumy
The Mumo ( also known as Muman , previously also called Madugal kaffirs ) are a Nuristani tribe in Afghanistan living primarily in the Bashgal Valley , centered in the village of Bagalgrom . Their language is Mumviri , a dialect of the Kamkata-vari language .
References
Nuristani people
Dame Anne May Curwen , DBE ( 7 May 1889 – 13 September 1973 ) was National General Secretary of the YWCA of Great Britain .
Life
Anne Curwen was educated at Birkenhead High School and Harrogate College , attending Newnham College , Cambridge , where she gained a First in History . After teaching , she became the secretary of the Scottish Women 's Hospitals in 1916 . In 1919 , she joined the YWCA as education secretary , then as National General Secretary from 1930–1949 .
Following her retirement , she continued to sit on various public welfare committees , and had a particular interest in refugees . She was the British delegate to the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees from 1954–58 , and President of the British Council for Aid to Refugees from 1962 until her death in 1973 .
References
1889 births
1973 deaths
Alumni of Newnham College , Cambridge
British humanitarians
Dames Commander of the Order of the British Empire
People from Birkenhead
People from Harrogate
Place of birth missing
Place of death missing
Vinza is a Bantu language spoken by the Vinza people of Tanzania , approximately in the area of the town of Uvinza . It is closely related to the languages of Rwanda and Burundi , including the Ha language of the northeastern shores of Lake Tanganyika .
References
Languages of Tanzania
Rwanda-Rundi languages
The Maine State Building is a historic building on Preservation Way , part of the Poland Springs resort complex in South Poland , Maine . It was built in 1893 at the Columbian Exposition in Chicago . Designed by Chicago architect Charles Sumner Frost , a Lewiston , Maine native and MIT graduate , the building was constructed of granite with a slate roof . All the materials were from Maine and crafted by craftsmen and companies from Maine . At the fair , the building was filled with displays about the State of Maine .
The granite that composed the building came from ten different quarries throughout the state and the slate on the roof comes from the Monson Slate Company of Monson , Maine .
The Ricker Family bought the building for $ 30,000 . Arrangements were made for the dismantling of the building and shipping by freight train back to Maine , which was to take 16 freight cars . The Rickers sent a crew of 19 men to Chicago , led by Forest Walker of Poland , the resort 's head carpenter and civil engineer to take the building down , carefully marking each section . The building was taken apart under the personal supervision of Hiram W. Ricker , loaded on a special train of sixteen cars and transported to Maine , at a cost of over three thousand dollars . It was to become the crowning feature of the opening of the season of 1895 . The cornerstone was laid on August 14 , 1894 , and the Maine State Building was dedicated on July 1 , 1895 , as part of the celebration marking the Ricker 's settling in Poland .
After its move to Poland Spring , the first floor was dedicated to a library and reading room . The second floor had bedrooms for overnight guests . The third floor was an Art Gallery where American art was shown .
Today , the Maine State Building is under the supervision of the Poland Spring Preservation Society , an organization dedicated to the restoration and preservation of the Maine State Building and All Soul 's Chapel in Poland . The Society operates the Nettie Ricker Art Gallery in the Maine State Building , with changing exhibits of local and regional art .
Along with the Norway Building in Norway , The Dutch House in Massachusetts , and the Palace of Fine Arts ( now the Museum of Science and Industry ) and World Congress Auxiliary Building ( now the Art Institute of Chicago ) in Chicago , the Maine State Building is one of the few remaining buildings from the 1893 World 's Fair .
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Androscoggin County , Maine
References
.
.
External links
Poland Spring Preservation Society
Buildings and structures on the National Register of Historic Places in Maine
Art museums and galleries in Maine
Museums in Androscoggin County , Maine
History museums in Maine
World 's Columbian Exposition
Charles Sumner Frost buildings
National Register of Historic Places in Androscoggin County , Maine
Historic district contributing properties in Maine
World 's fair architecture in the United States
WCVO is a radio station in Gahanna , Ohio , United States located at 104.9 MHz broadcasting family-friendly Christian music as `` 104.9 the River '' in Central Ohio . Previously operated by Christian Voice of Central Ohio until 2012 , the parent company changed its name to One Connection Media Group . 104.9 the River 's slogan is `` Uplifting and Encouraging '' .
In April 2016 , the Ohio Supreme Court determined that WCVO-FM is considered a place of `` public worship '' and therefore exempt from property taxes , overturning an earlier decision by Ohio tax commissioner Joseph Testa .
WCVO broadcasts in the HD Radio format .
References
External links
Official website
Contemporary Christian radio stations in the United States
CVO
Gahanna , Ohio
Radio stations established in 1972
1972 establishments in Ohio
CVO
The Crystal Palace Poultry Show ( variously also the International Poultry Show and Great Poultry Show ) was a poultry show held at The Crystal Palace in London in the United Kingdom . They ran from 1857–1936 , with interruption by World War I . It was the world 's largest poultry exhibition at several times in its existence , considered the pinnacle of poultry exhibition in the British Empire and despite being a poultry show also allowed the exhibition of domestic rabbits . It was hosted by the Grand International Poultry , Pigeon and Live Stock Shows , Ltd which was liquidated in 1964 . The show was superseded in its role by the International Poultry Show , Olympia which has also ceased to exist since .
History
In 1860 the first Sebastopol Goose in Western Europe , imported from Crimea , were exhibited at the show by H. Bayley . In 1861 the Secretary of the show was a Mr Houghton In 1872 50 tons of coal were spent to heat the building and two tons of food was fed to birds exhibited over the four days of the show . The supreme prize of the show was the Sir James Blyth Cup .
Exhibition numbers
Numbers of birds exhibited varied wildly over the shows existence . In 1892 numbers were falling , though the show still attracted 6300 entries . By the 1907 show was much more successful with 10,533 cages filled ( the total number of birds unknown , as many cages held pairs ) while the 1912 show had 16,257 entries .
Notable exhibitors
Charles Darwin
Mairi Chisholm & Elsie Knocker
George Sutherland-Leveson-Gower , 3rd Duke of Sutherland
Thomas Dewar , 1st Baron Dewar
Robert Grosvenor , 1st Baron Ebury ( then Lord Grosvenor )
References
Poultry shows
Events in London
1857 establishments in England
1936 disestablishments in England
Crystal Palace , London
Sublegatus is a genus of birds in the tyrant flycatcher family Tyrannidae .
The genus contains three species :
References
Bird genera
Taxa named by Philip Sclater
Taxa named by Osbert Salvin
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
US Bougouni is a Malian football club . The team is based in the city of Bougouni .
They are the first second-division team to win the Malian Cup .
Achievements
Malien Cup : 1
2012
Performance in CAF competitions
CAF Confederation Cup : 1 appearance
2013 –
Football clubs in Mali
The 2015 Heroes of the Storm World Championship was first annual world championship for Heroes of the Storm , and was held at BlizzCon from October 28 to November 7 , 2015 . Cloud9 won the tournament with a roster of DunkTrain , Fan , iDream , k1pro , and KingCaffeine . There was a total of US $ 1.2 million given out as prize money .
Final standings
References
Heroes of the Storm , 2015
2015 in esports
Heroes of the Storm
2015 in Los Angeles
2015 in sports in California
Blizzard Entertainment competitions
The 1999 Prokom Polish Open was a women 's tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts in Sopot , Poland that was part of the Tier III category of the 1999 WTA Tour . It was the second edition of the Prokom Polish Open and took place from 12 July until 18 July 1999 . Third-seeded Conchita Martínez won the singles title and earned $ 27,000 first-prize money .
Entrants
Seeds
Other entrants
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw :
Aleksandra Olsza
Anna Bieleń-Żarska
Magdalena Grzybowska
The following players received wildcards into the doubles main draw :
Magdalena Grzybowska / Amélie Cocheteux
The following players received entry from the singles qualifying draw :
Eva Bes
Ľudmila Cervanová
Sandra Naćuk
Jelena Kostanić
The following players received entry from the doubles qualifying draw :
Gala León García / María Sánchez Lorenzo
Finals
Singles
Conchita Martínez defeated Karina Habšudová , 6–1 , 6–1
It was Martínez 's 31st singles career title and her only in 1999 .
Doubles
Laura Montalvo / Paola Suárez defeated Gala León García / María Sánchez Lorenzo , 6–4 , 6–3
References
External links
ITF tournament edition details
Tournament draws
1999 WTA Tour
1999 in Polish tennis
Orange Warsaw Open
July 1999 sports events in Europe
Michael Vickers ( born August 11 , 1987 ) is a Canadian visual artist based in Toronto , Ontario who works primarily in sculpture , painting , and installation . He completed a master 's degree in art history from the University of Toronto in 2013 . Vickers is also co-director of the arts organization Akin , which provides affordable shared studio spaces for artists in Toronto , and professional and creative development opportunities through a range of programming initiatives .
Career
Vickers has exhibited his work locally in Canada at Mercer Union , Division Gallery , the Art Gallery of Ontario , the Gardiner Museum , and Art Toronto and the Artist Project . His work has been shown internationally at Volta Basel , Clark House Mumbai and Dutch Design Week .
References
External links
Michael Vickers
Akin
1987 births
Living people
Artists from Toronto
Canadian installation artists
University of Toronto alumni
21st-century Canadian painters
21st-century Canadian sculptors
Canadian male sculptors
21st-century Canadian male artists
Carla Perez may refer to :
Carla Perez ( actress ) , Brazilian actress
Carla Pérez , Ecuadorian mountaineer
Carla Perez , American actress who played Rita Repulsa in Mighty Morphin Power Rangers
Pinola is an unincorporated community in Scipio Township , LaPorte County , Indiana .
It was named for the growth of pine trees .
Geography
Pinola is located at .
References
Unincorporated communities in LaPorte County , Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
Frameworks are an American post-hardcore band from Gainesville , Florida that formed in 2011 . The band released its debut album , Loom , thorough Topshelf Records in 2014 before signing to Deathwish Inc. for its second studio album , Smother , released on July 8 , 2016 .
History
Guitarist Cory Fischer invited vocalist Luke Pate to join his Gainesville , Florida metal band a week before they were set to record their debut EP after their previous vocalist quit . This metal band would eventually evolve into the screamo/post-hardcore band Frameworks in 2011 . Recalling joining the metal band and starting his career as a screaming vocalist , Pate said : `` I did n't have the slightest clue about what to do or how to do it , but I said yes for some reason [ ... ] I just kind of fell into it , and that 's how it started . '' Early EPs from Frameworks include the self-released Every Day Is the Same ( 2011 ) and Small Victories ( 2013 ) released through 13th Floor Records .
These early releases caught the attention of the indie label Topshelf Records , who announced they signed Frameworks in November 2013 . On signing to and working with Topshelf , Pate said : `` I 'd say it 's been the best case scenario . I 've always really respected those guys and the bands they work with . We 've meshed really well . '' Through the label , the band released its debut studio album Loom on April 29 , 2014 , which was met with generally favorable reviews from music critics . Loom was produced by Jack Shirley ( Deafheaven , Loma Prieta ) who was chosen to help create a `` raw , but bright-sounding album and [ Frameworks felt ] that Shirley refined that vision . '' To support the album , Frameworks released a music video for the title track `` Loom '' , embarked on an April-May 2014 tour with Gates and an August 2014 tour with United Nations . They closed out 2014 with a split EP between the Saddest Landscape featuring a Frameworks cover of the White Stripes ' `` Fell in Love with a Girl '' . All proceeds for the EP went to charity and both bands toured Europe together in support of its release in October 2014 .
In February 2016 , Frameworks released an EP titled Time Spent through Topshelf Records . The same month , the band announced they had signed to Jacob Bannon of Converge 's indie label Deathwish Inc. and planned on releasing their second studio album later that year . Their second studio album , titled Smother , was released on July 8 , 2016 , though Deathwish .
Members
Cory Fischer – guitar
Matthew Horner – drums , percussion
Wyatt Rajer – bassman
Luke Pate – vocals
Bobby Heilman - guitar
Discography
Studio albums
Loom ( 2014 , Topshelf )
Smother ( 2016 , Deathwish )
EPs
Every Day Is the Same ( 2011 , self-released )
Small Victories ( 2013 , 13th Floor )
Time Spent ( 2016 , Topshelf )
Splits
Droughts / Frameworks / Kittyhawk / Prawn ( split with Droughts , Kittyhawk and Prawn ) ( 2014 , Fair Weather )
Frameworks / The Saddest Landscape ( split with the Saddest Landscape ) ( 2014 , Soft Speak )
Music videos
`` Preamble '' ( 2013 )
`` Loom '' ( 2014 )
`` Purge '' ( 2016 )
References
External links
Official website
Frameworks on Bandcamp
Frameworks discography on Discogs
Frameworks discography on Rate Your Music
Melodic hardcore groups
Musical groups established in 2011
Deathwish Inc. artists
2011 establishments in Florida
Musical groups from Florida
Musicians from Gainesville , Florida
Topshelf Records artists
Lars Christian Termansen ( formerly Nielsen ) ( born 17 June 1979 ) is a Danish professional football defender , who currently plays at Kolding FC .
External links
Career statistics at Danmarks Radio
1979 births
Living people
Danish footballers
Esbjerg fB players
AC Horsens players
Danish Superliga players
Association football defenders
Stegea fiachnalis is a moth in the family Crambidae . It is found in Panama .
References
Moths described in 1924
Glaphyriinae
Ireland competed at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , from 7 to 18 September 2016 .
Funding
Some international support for participation fell through at the last minute , resulting in severe cut back to the 2016 Summer Paralympics . This was in part a result of only 220,000 of the 2.5 million tickets to watch the Games in Rio being sold a month ahead of the Games . The Irish Paralympic Committee 's CEO Liam Harbison told the Wall Street Journal that these cuts could have a catastrophic consequence for Paralympic athletes .
Medallists
| width= '' 78 % '' align= '' left '' valign= '' top '' |
| width= '' 22 % '' align= '' left '' valign= '' top '' |
Disability classifications
Every participant at the Paralympics has their disability grouped into one of five disability categories ; amputation , the condition may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness ; cerebral palsy ; wheelchair athletes , there is often overlap between this and other categories ; visual impairment , including blindness ; Les autres , any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories , for example dwarfism or multiple sclerosis . Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications , dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition . Events are given a code , made of numbers and letters , describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing . Some sports , such as athletics , divide athletes by both the category and severity of their disabilities , other sports , for example swimming , group competitors from different categories together , the only separation being based on the severity of the disability .
Cycling
With one pathway for qualification being one highest ranked NPCs on the UCI Para-Cycling male and female Nations Ranking Lists on 31 December 2014 , Ireland qualified for the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio , assuming they continued to meet all other eligibility requirements .
Equestrian
The country earned an individual slot via the Para Equestrian Individual Ranking List Allocation method .
Football 7-a-side football
Ireland national 7-a-side football team qualified for the Rio Paralympics at 2015 World Championships because of their sixth-place finish .
The draw for the tournament was held on May 6 at the 2016 Pre Paralympic Tournament in Salou , Spain . Ireland was put into Group A with Ukraine , Great Britain and Brazil . The tournament where the draw took place featured 7 of the 8 teams participating in Rio . It was the last major preparation event ahead of the Rio Games for all teams participating . Ireland finished 5th after winning both their placement matches to the United States 4 - 3 and Argentina 0 - 3 . Their roster for this tournament included Brian McGillivary , Joe Markey , Darragh Snell , Luke Evans , Eric O'Flaherty , Paraic Leacy , Gary Messett , Carl McKee , Aaron Tier , Dillon Sheridan , Tomiwa Badun , Ryan Nolan , Simon L'Estrange and Conor Tuite .
Going into the Rio Games , the country was ranked fifth in the world .
Sailing
One pathway for qualifying for Rio involved having a boat have top seven finish at the 2015 Combined World Championships in a medal event where the country had nor already qualified through via the 2014 IFDS Sailing World Championships . Ireland qualified for the 2016 Games under these criteria in the Sonar event with a ninth-place finish overall and the fourth country who had not qualified via the 2014 Championships .
Shooting
The country sent shooters to 2015 IPC IPC Shooting World Cup in Osijek , Croatia , where Rio direct qualification was available . They earned a qualifying spot at this event based on the performance of Sean Baldwin in the R7 – 50m Rifle 3 Positions Men SH1 event .
See also
Ireland at the 2016 Summer Olympics
References
2016 in Irish sport
2016
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
Amity is a feminine given name which may refer to :
Amity Dry ( born 1978 ) , Australian singer-songwriter and reality show contestant
Amity Gaige ( born 1972 ) , American novelist
Amity Rockwell ( born 1993 ) , American professional racing cyclist also known as Amity Gregg
Amity Shlaes ( born 1960 ) , American conservative author and newspaper and magazine columnist
Amity Blight , a fictional character from Disney television series The Owl House
English-language feminine given names
Padilla is a rural barrio in the municipality of Corozal , Puerto Rico . Its population in 2010 was 3,653 .
Features and demographics
Padilla has of land area and no water area . In 2010 , its population was 3,653 with a population density of .
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States . In 1899 , the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the population of Padilla barrio was 840 .
Sectors
Barrios ( which are like minor civil divisions ) in turn are further subdivided into smaller local populated place areas/units called sectores ( sectors in English ) . The types of sectores may vary , from normally sector to urbanización to reparto to barriada to residencial , among others .
The following sectors are in Padilla barrio :
Padilla
, and .
Padilla Ermita
, and .
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
List of barrios and sectors of Corozal , Puerto Rico
References
External links
Barrios of Corozal , Puerto Rico
Obersdorf station is a railway station in the municipality of Obersdorf in the Märkisch-Oderland district of Brandenburg , Germany . It is served by the line .
References
Railway stations in Brandenburg
Buildings and structures in Märkisch-Oderland
Little Beaver Creek may refer to the following creeks :
Little Beaver Creek , a tributary of the Ohio River
Little Beaver Creek ( Missouri )
Little Beaver Creek ( Fisher River tributary ) , a stream in Surry County , North Carolina
Little Beaver Creek ( Lorain County , Ohio )
Steyer is a German-language surname . Notable individuals with the surname include :
( born 1946 ) , German actor and musician
( 1842–1900 ) , German politician , MdL
( 1834–1887 ) , German politician , MdL
( 1909–1944 ) , German footballer
Heinz-Steyer-Stadion , a football and athletics stadium in Dresden
Jim Steyer ( born 1956 ) , American child advocate
( 1630–1692 ) , Czech Jesuit , preacher , educator , translator and author
( 1839–1907 ) , German landowner and politician , MdL
Sebastian Steyer ( born 1980 ) , Polish professional darts player
Tom Steyer ( born 1957 ) , American asset manager , philanthropist and environmentalist
Włodzimierz Steyer ( 1892–1957 ) , Polish naval officer and a Counter Admiral of the Polish Navy
See also
Steyr
Steyrer
Steer ( surname )
German-language surnames
The Alpine Elf Europa Cup is a one-make sports car racing series founded in 2018 featuring the Alpine A110 Cup .
Format
The series consists of events in various European countries which feature two races over a weekend . Each weekend the series hosts two 25 minute races plus one lap with two separate qualifying sessions determining the grid order . Teams may run one driver over the entire weekend or split the car between two drivers with one driver running the first qualifying session and race and the other running the second .
The series supports multiple other racing series depending on the round including the International GT Open , FFSA GT Championship , and the Blancpain GT Championship .
Regulations
Each race consists of a field of Alpine A110 Cup cars . The A110 Cup is the only eligible model in the series and very few modifications to the car are permitted . The series has two sub-categories along with the overall Drivers ' Championship : Junior , for drivers under 25 years of age and Gentlemen , which is designated by the series officials but generally given to drivers over 45 years of age . At the end of the season the highest Gentleman driver in points receives an official test in an Alpine A110 GT4 racecar along with a cash prize . The highest placed Junior driver receives an official test in the Signatech-Alpine-Mamut LMP2 prototype .
Champions
References
External links
Alpine Elf Europa Cup official website
Sports car racing series
European auto racing series
Recurring sporting events established in 2018
Red Lion is an unincorporated community located within Southampton Township in Burlington County , New Jersey , United States .
Red Lion is home to the Red Lion Inn , a diner , and a few houses , all located near the Red Lion Circle , within the New Jersey Pine Barrens .
The name , Red Lion , comes from a story about one of the original settlers , a man by the name of Parks , who battled a mountain lion . The lion 's coat turned red from its own blood . Mountain lion and black bear were common in the area before being hunted to extinction .
References
Southampton Township , New Jersey
Populated places in the Pine Barrens ( New Jersey )
Unincorporated communities in Burlington County , New Jersey
Unincorporated communities in New Jersey
T. danae may refer to :
Taningia danae , a squid species
Tanysiptera danae , a kingfisher species
See also
Danae ( disambiguation )
The Jonathan Clark Conger House ( now the Conger House Museum ) is a historic house museum located at 903 East Washington Street in Washington , Iowa .
Description and history
The original section of the house was built by teacher and author of the first Washington County history Nathan Littler . Businessman Jonathan Clark Conger bought the house and added major additions in 1867 that were built by John Patterson Huskins . Conger was also responsible for adding a small den in 1906 . The two-story brick house was covered with concrete sometime in the early 20th century . The cement and concrete block porch replaced the 1870s era wooden porch . The house has subsequently been converted into a house museum operated by the Washington County Historical Society .
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974 .
References
Houses completed in 1848
Houses in Washington County , Iowa
Washington , Iowa
Historic house museums in Iowa
National Register of Historic Places in Washington County , Iowa
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Iowa
The basal angiosperms are the flowering plants which diverged from the lineage leading to most flowering plants . In particular , the most basal angiosperms were called the ANITA grade , which is made up of Amborella ( a single species of shrub from New Caledonia ) , Nymphaeales ( water lilies , together with some other aquatic plants ) and Austrobaileyales ( woody aromatic plants including star anise ) .
ANITA stands for Amborella , Nymphaeales , I lliciales , Trimeniaceae , and Austrobaileya . Some authors have shortened this to ANA-grade for the three orders , Amborellales , Nymphaeales , and Austrobaileyales , since the order Iliciales was reduced to the family Illiciaceae and placed , along with the family Trimeniaceae , within the Austrobaileyales .
The basal angiosperms are only a few hundred species , compared with hundreds of thousands of species of eudicots , monocots , and magnoliids . They diverged from the ancestral angiosperm lineage before the five groups comprising the mesangiosperms diverged from each other .
Phylogeny
The exact relationships between Amborella , Nymphaeales and Austrobaileyales are not yet clear . Although most studies show that Amborella and Nymphaeales are more basal than Austrobaileyales , and all three are more basal than the mesangiosperms , there is significant molecular evidence in favor of two different trees , one in which Amborella is sister to the rest of the angiosperms , and one in which a clade of Amborella and Nymphaeales is in this position . A 2014 paper says that it presents `` the most convincing evidence to date that Amborella plus Nymphaeales together represent the earliest diverging lineage of extant angiosperms '' . A number of other studies identify Amborella the most basal of all angiosperms .
Older terms
Paleodicots ( sometimes spelled `` palaeodicots '' ) is an informal name used by botanists ( Spichiger & Savolainen 1997 , Leitch et al . 1998 ) to refer to angiosperms which are not monocots or eudicots .
The paleodicots correspond to Magnoliidae sensu Cronquist 1981 ( minus Ranunculales and Papaverales ) and to Magnoliidae sensu Takhtajan 1980 ( Spichiger & Savolainen 1997 ) . Some of the paleodicots share apparently plesiomorphic characters with monocots , e.g. , scattered vascular bundles , trimerous flowers , and non-tricolpate pollen .
The `` paleodicots '' are not a monophyletic group and the term has not been widely adopted . The APG II system does not recognize a group called `` paleodicots '' but assigns these early-diverging dicots to several orders and unplaced families : Amborellaceae , Nymphaeaceae ( including Cabombaceae ) , Austrobaileyales , Ceratophyllales ( not included among the `` paleodicots '' by Leitch et al . 1998 ) , Chloranthaceae , and the magnoliid clade ( orders Canellales , Piperales , Laurales , and Magnoliales ) . Subsequent research has added Hydatellaceae to the paleodicots .
The term paleoherb is another older term for flowering plants which are neither eudicots nor monocots .
References
External links
tolweb.org
Angiosperms
David `` Dai '' Davies ( 12 May 1880 – 23 June 1944 ) was a Welsh rugby union , professional rugby league and association footballer who played in the 1890s , 1900s and 1910s . He played club level rugby union ( RU ) for Llanelli RFC . He played representative level rugby league ( RL ) for Wales and Lancashire , and at club level for Swinton ( two spells ) , and Leigh , and representative level association football for Wales , and at club level for Bolton Wanderers , as a goalkeeper . Dai Davies is the only person to have appeared in both the rugby league Challenge Cup Final and the association football FA Cup Final , and is one of the very few , perhaps the only , footballer to play for Wales at both international association football and international rugby league .
Background
Davies was born in Llanelli , Wales , and he died in Manchester , England .
Rugby union club career
Davies was part of the Llanelli team captained by Owen Badger that lost only once in 31 matches in the 1896–97 season ; he scored a try in the win over Newport in February 1897 that was described by the Daily Chronicle as being for `` the club championship of the United Kingdom '' .
Rugby league club career
The Swinton club secretary , J. W. Scholes , had gone to Llaneli to try to encourage the disenchanted Owen Badger to return to Swinton , while there , he saw Dai Davies play for Llaneli RFC , and contracts were signed on a Llanelli shop window . Davies received £20 ; £5 in advance , and a further £15 on arrival in Swinton . ( based on increases in average earnings , this would be approximately £7,380 in 2013 )
International honours
Davies won caps for Wales ( association football ) in 1904 against Scotland ( 1–1 ) , and Ireland ( 0–1 ) , and in 1908 against England ( 1–7 ) as a half-time substitute for the injured Stoke City goalkeeper Leigh Richmond Roose who was replaced until half-time by defender Charlie Morris . Roose had been injured in the fifteenth minute following a shoulder-charge by Vivian Woodward ; Davies was attending the match as a spectator and at half time , with Wales four goals down , the Football Association officials and Woodward , the England captain , allowed Davies to play in goal for the remainder of the match .
He also won a cap for Wales ( RL ) while at Swinton in the 13–39 defeat by England at Coventry on 10 December 1910 .
Challenge Cup final appearance
Davies played , and scored a try in Swinton 's 16–8 victory over Salford in the 1900 Challenge Cup Final during the 1899–1900 season at Fallowfield Stadium , Manchester .
County Cup final appearance
Davies played , and was captain , in Swinton 's 3–4 defeat by Oldham in the 1910 Lancashire County Cup Final during the 1910–11 season at Wheater 's Field , Broughton , Salford on Saturday 3 December 1910 .
Bolton Wanderers
Davies joined Bolton Wanderers of the Football League First Division in the summer of 1902 , having only attended one Association Football match and never having handled an association ball . Davies was a `` tough individual '' and in a contemporaneous report it was claimed that he `` excelled in the dangerous and difficult task of diving headlong at an incoming forward 's feet and whisking the ball away as he curled up and rolled to safety '' . A later report said that `` in his indifference to cuts and bruises he was characteristic of the age he was playing in '' . At the end of Davies ' first season with the Burnden Park club , they were relegated to the Second Division .
A year later , in April 1904 , Davies played in goal in Bolton 's 0–1 defeat by Manchester City in the FA Cup Final at Crystal Palace , London . Despite being on the losing side , Davies `` had a good match '' and made a number of fine saves ; he was only beaten once , by fellow Welsh international , Billy Meredith .
Bolton returned to the First Division in 1905 for three years , before spending 1908–09 back in the Second Division . In 1909 , they again returned to the top flight as Second Division champions , but were again relegated in 1910 ; by then , however , Davies had brought his soccer career to an end , returning to Rugby League with Swinton in December 1909 .
Family
Davies was the brother of the Swinton rugby league footballer , Daniel `` Dan '' Davies .
Outside of sport
Davies retired from rugby age 33 , and served with his brother in `` E '' Company ( known as the Swinton Pals ) of the 2nd Salford battalion , the 16th Lancashire Fusiliers during World War I , spending time in a French hospital due to an illness unrelated to the fighting . Davies organised the sporting activities for the 'Swinton Pals ' at their First World War training camp in North Wales . After the war Davies assisted Swinton Park ARLFC .
Honours
Swinton
Challenge Cup winners : 1900
Lancashire County Cup Finalist : 1911
Bolton Wanderers
FA Cup Finalists : 1904
Football League Second Division champions : 1908–09
Football League Second Division runners-up : 1904–05
Note
Dai Davies played at Swinton in the same era as , but he was not related to ; David B. Davies .
References
External links
Dai Davies Football and the First World War
1880 births
1944 deaths
Association football goalkeepers
Bolton Wanderers F.C . players
British Army personnel of World War I
English Football League players
FA Cup Final players
Footballers from Llanelli
Footballers who switched code
Lancashire Fusiliers soldiers
Lancashire rugby league team players
Leigh Centurions players
Llanelli RFC players
Rugby league five-eighths
Rugby league halfbacks
Rugby league players from Llanelli
Rugby union players from Llanelli
Swinton Lions players
Wales international footballers
Wales national rugby league team players
Welsh footballers
Welsh rugby league players
Welsh rugby union players
Gooding County is a county located in the U.S. state of Idaho . As of the 2010 census , the population was 15,464 . Its county seat is Gooding . The county was created by the Idaho Legislature on January 28 , 1913 , by a partition of Lincoln County . It is named for Frank R. Gooding , the 7th governor and a United States Senator from Idaho .
History
Almost 15,000 years ago , the Hagerman Valley was formed by the Bonneville Flood which deposited thousands of smooth boulders which can be seen on the surface of the valley floor today . After the Bonneville flood , Natives settled the area starting at least 12,000 years ago . Natives came into contact with emigrants on the Oregon Trail by 1840 . The Oregon Trail traversed Gooding County with many emigrants stopping at Salmon Falls on the Snake River to barter fish with the native population . While Gooding County presently contains significant farming operations , it was the discovery of gold in 1862 that brought non-native settlement to the area . Mining settlement in the area was quite small in comparison to the rush to the Boise Valley occurring at the same time . The 1863 Census of Idaho Territory indicates there were 600 miners working Snake River mining operations , possibly covering the span of the river from the Hagerman Valley to Idaho Falls . Seven years later few people remained . A camp was sustained at Salmon Falls during 1870 . The U.S. Census of 1870 enumerated 28 residents for `` Overland Road and Snake River ''
At the time of Snake River mining operations , the mining settlements were under the jurisdiction of Idaho County , Washington Territory . They were transferred to Boise County in 1863 , becoming part of Alturas County at its creation in 1864 . The railroad came through the area in the early 1880s with the Toponis railroad station being established by 1883 . A post office was established there by 1887 . The Toponis and Hagerman Valley settlements became part of Logan County at its creation in 1889 . Logan county established the Bliss , Malad , and Toponis precincts containing 340 residents at the 1890 census . These precincts were transferred to Lincoln County at the first attempt to organize it in 1891 . That act was found unconstitutional . In 1895 the precincts were transferred to Blaine County for a few days before ending up in Lincoln County . The arrival of the 20th Century brought a significant increase in settlement at Wendell and Toponis . Wendell incorporated in 1902 . A town was platted on land owned by Frank R. Gooding at the Toponis rail station in 1907 and incorporated under the name of Gooding in 1908 . The boom in settlement is clearly reflected when comparing 1900 and 1910 U.S. Census data . From 1900 to 1910 , the Gooding precinct posted a 931 % increase over the population listed for Toponis in 1900 . The Clear Creek , Hagerman , and Wendell precincts were derived from the Malad precinct and posted a 509 % increase over its 1900 population . Population growth was substantially lower at Bliss which only increased 42 % over the 1900 population for the Bliss and Boulder Hill precincts . The only exception to the boom was for the sparsely populated Clover Creek precinct which saw a population decline . Overall , the precincts grew from 852 residents to 4,677 over that time frame—an increase of 448 % .
Compared to other Lincoln County settlements of the time , Gooding 's growth was mirrored in new settlement at Jerome and Rupert . The Jerome and Gooding precincts overtook the county seat of Shoshone as the most populous precincts at the 1910 census with the Rupert precinct trailing Shoshone by less than 200 residents . Shoshone was familiar with losing its position as county seat after having been established as the county seat of Logan County in 1889 , only to lose that status to Bellevue at an election in 1890 . The political considerations of Lincoln County 's growth led to the creation of Gooding and Minidoka counties in 1913 . Gooding County took on its present shape in 1919 after the formation of Jerome County .
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 0.6 % ) is water .
Adjacent counties
Elmore County - west
Twin Falls County - south
Jerome County - east
Lincoln County - east
Camas County - north
Highways
Interstate 84
US 26
US 30
SH-46
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000 , there were 14,155 people , 5,046 households , and 3,718 families living in the county . The population density was 19 people per square mile ( 7/km2 ) . There were 5,505 housing units at an average density of 8 per square mile ( 3/km2 ) . The racial makeup of the county was 87.59 % White , 0.23 % Black or African American , 0.84 % Native American , 0.23 % Asian , 0.06 % Pacific Islander , 8.24 % from other races , and 2.80 % from two or more races . 17.05 % of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race . 15.9 % were of English , 13.7 % German , 10.9 % American and 6.6 % Irish ancestry .
There were 5,046 households , out of which 36.10 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 61.90 % were married couples living together , 7.60 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 26.30 % were non-families . 22.00 % of all households were made up of individuals , and 11.50 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older . The average household size was 2.76 and the average family size was 3.22 .
In the county , the population was spread out , with 29.60 % under the age of 18 , 8.70 % from 18 to 24 , 25.10 % from 25 to 44 , 21.20 % from 45 to 64 , and 15.40 % who were 65 years of age or older . The median age was 35 years . For every 100 females there were 104.20 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 102.00 males .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 31,888 , and the median income for a family was $ 36,290 . Males had a median income of $ 25,321 versus $ 17,903 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 14,612 . About 11.20 % of families and 13.80 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 18.90 % of those under age 18 and 11.30 % of those age 65 or over .
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census , there were 15,464 people , 5,531 households , and 3,927 families living in the county . The population density was . There were 6,093 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 80.7 % white , 0.8 % American Indian , 0.5 % Asian , 0.2 % black or African American , 0.1 % Pacific islander , 15.3 % from other races , and 2.4 % from two or more races . Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 28.1 % of the population . In terms of ancestry , 14.2 % were German , 11.3 % were Irish , 11.0 % were English , and 5.6 % were American .
Of the 5,531 households , 37.4 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 56.4 % were married couples living together , 8.8 % had a female householder with no husband present , 29.0 % were non-families , and 24.2 % of all households were made up of individuals . The average household size was 2.79 and the average family size was 3.32 . The median age was 34.3 years .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 37,228 and the median income for a family was $ 45,369 . Males had a median income of $ 31,752 versus $ 24,450 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 17,694 . About 11.1 % of families and 16.5 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 20.0 % of those under age 18 and 19.2 % of those age 65 or over .
2017
As of 2017 the largest self-reported ancestry groups in Gooding County , Idaho were :
11.1 % were English
8.0 % were German
6.9 % were Irish
6.6 % were American
3.0 % were Dutch
1.5 % were Norwegian
1.4 % were Swedish
1.3 % were Italian
1.3 % were Danish
0.9 % were Greek
Communities
Cities
Bliss
Gooding
Hagerman
Wendell
Politics
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Gooding County , Idaho
County Parcel Map
References
1913 establishments in Idaho
Populated places established in 1913
The 1955 United Kingdom general election was held on Thursday 26 May 1955 , four years after the previous general election in 1951 .
It was a snap election : After Winston Churchill retired in April 1955 , Anthony Eden took over and immediately called the election in order to gain a mandate for his government .
It resulted in a majority of 60 seats for the government under new leader and Prime Minister Anthony Eden ; the result remains the largest party share of the vote at a post-war general election . This was the first general election to be held with Elizabeth II as monarch , having succeeded her father George VI a year after the previous election .
At the time of this election , the Conservative Party 's independent allies , Scotland 's Unionist Party , continued to take the Conservative whip upon election as they had formerly done . However , they remained an independent party until merging with the Conservatives in 1965 . The Unionist Party was conscious that it had to appeal to the liberal tradition in Scotland , and so until 1965 , it studiously avoided using the term `` Conservative '' . For example , it used Conservative Party literature but changed the word 'Conservative ' to 'Unionist ' .
Results
The election was fought on new boundaries , with five seats added to the 625 fought in 1951 . At the same time , the Conservative Party had returned to power for the first time since World War II and increased its popularity by accepting the mixed economy and welfare state created by the previous Labour Party government . It also was lauded for its economic policy after ending rationing , improving foreign trade , and even outperforming Labour in the construction of public housing . On election day , the Daily Mirror had printed the front-page headline `` Do n't Let the Tories Cheat Our Children '' , urging its readers to elect Labour on the basis that it had `` built a better Britain for us all '' .
The BBC later described the election as one of the `` dullest '' after World War II . The Daily Express wrote that the British people were more interested in Princess Margaret 's romance with Peter Townsend . The Labour Party , then in its twentieth year of leadership under Clement Attlee , steadily lost ground owing to infighting between the left-wing ( Bevanites ) and the right-wing ( Gaitskellites ) , resulting in an unclear election message . It pledged equal pay for women , renationalization of the steel industry and road haulage , comprehensive secondary education , and vague guarantees of greater industrial democracy and workers ' control of nationalized industries as demanded by Bevanites but otherwise offered little new policy . It was the fifth and last general election fought by Labour leader Clement Attlee , who by this time was 72 years old . Eden had only become Leader of the Conservative Party a few weeks before the election , after the retirement of former Prime Minister Winston Churchill , but he had long been considered the heir apparent to the Conservative leadership . Eden called a dissolution of parliament and a new general election as soon as he took office in April 1955 . The Conservatives were hoping to take advantage of the end of food rationing and the positive atmosphere created by the coronation of Queen Elizabeth II in 1953 . Eden himself was telegenic ( although not as great a public speaker as Churchill ) and gradual economic growth benefited the party greatly . Parliament was dissolved on 6 May .
The result showed very little change from 1951 , with fewer than 25 seats changing hands and only a small swing from Labour to the Conservatives . The only real highlight of the night was in Northern Ireland , where Sinn Féin won two seats at a UK election for the first time since 1918 ( before the partition of Ireland ) .
The Labour Party suffered at this time from deep internal divisions , yet for it this election was not the disaster it could have been .
Although little changed , this was a strong victory for the Conservatives , who won the largest share of seats for a single party at a post-war general election . It became the first party since the passage of the Reform Act 1867 to increase its parliamentary majority after a term in office .
The Liberal Party had yet another poor performance , only slightly improving their popular vote total from the previous election , and again winning just six seats . Five of their six seats did not have Conservative challengers , as per local-level agreements to avoid vote-splitting which likely would have thrown the seats to Labour ; the only Liberal candidate to be victorious against both Conservative and Labour challengers was Orkney and Shetland MP Jo Grimond , who was first elected in 1950 . The poor national showing was widely viewed as the death knell for the embattled leadership of Clement Davies , who resigned the following year and was replaced by Grimond .
Future Labour leader Michael Foot lost his seat of Plymouth Devonport at this election ; he returned for Ebbw Vale at a 1960 by-election .
For the first time , television took a prominent role in the campaign ; this is the earliest UK general election of which television coverage survives ( the 1950 and 1951 election nights were broadcast on television live , but the footage was not recorded ) . Only three hours of the coverage , presented by Richard Dimbleby , was kept ; this was rebroadcast on BBC Parliament on the fiftieth and sixtieth anniversaries of the date of the election .
|-
|+ style= '' caption-side : bottom ; font-weight : normal '' |All parties shown .
| }
Votes summary
Seats summary
Selected declarations
First declaration : Cheltenham ( Con : 24,259 , Lab : 16,638 ; Con hold )
Prime Minister 's seat : Warwick and Leamington ( Con : 29,979 , Lab : 16,513 ; Con hold )
Transfers of seats
All comparisons are with the 1951 election .
In some cases the change is due to the MP defecting to the gaining party . Such circumstances are marked with a * .
In other circumstances the change is due to the seat having been won by the gaining party in a by-election in the intervening years , and then retained in 1955 . Such circumstances are marked with a † . The parliament of 1951–55 only saw one by-election where a seat changed hands ( Sunderland South ) , and unusually this was a gain for the party in government .
1 Sinn Féin winner overturned on petition for a criminal conviction . The second-placed Ulster Unionist candidate was also overturned by resolution of the House ; eventually the 1956 by-election was held , which returned an Independent Unionist .
2 Sinn Féin winner overturned on petition for a criminal conviction . The second-placed candidate , an Ulster Unionist , was awarded the seat .
See also
List of MPs elected in the 1955 United Kingdom general election
1955 United Kingdom general election in Northern Ireland
1955 United Kingdom local elections
Notes
References
Further reading
External links
United Kingdom election results—summary results 1885–1979
Manifestos
United for Peace and Progress : The Conservative and Unionist Party 's Policy , 1955 Conservative Party manifesto
Forward With Labour : Labour 's Policy for the Consideration of the Nation , 1955 Labour Party manifesto
Crisis Unresolved , 1955 Liberal Party manifesto
1955
General election
May 1955 events in the United Kingdom
DXBM ( 90.7 FM ) , broadcasting as 90.7 Love Radio , is a radio station owned and operated by Manila Broadcasting Company . The station 's studio is located inside the MBC Compound , R. Castillo Ave. cor . Gov . Vicente Duterte , Agdao , Davao City and its transmitter is located along Broadcast Ave. , Shrine Hills , Matina , Davao City .
References
Radio stations in Davao City
Radio stations established in 1986
Love Radio Network stations
The du Temple Monoplane was a steam-powered aircraft made of aluminium , built in Brest , France , by naval officer Félix du Temple in 1874 .
It had a wingspan of 13 m ( 43 ft ) and weighed 80 kg ( 180 lb ) without the pilot .
Several trials were made with the aircraft , and it is generally recognized that it achieved lift-off – described by Dollfus as `` short hop or leap '' and in Flight International as `` staggered briefly into the air '' – ( from a combination of its own power and running down an inclined ramp ) , glided for a short time and returned safely to the ground , making it the first successful powered flight in history though not the first self-powered one .
It was displayed at the 1878 Exposition Universelle ( `` World Fair '' ) in Paris .
Steam engine
The aircraft used a very compact , high-speed circulation steam engine for which Félix du Temple applied for a patent on 28 April 1876 . The engine used very small pipes packed together `` to obtain the highest possible contact surface for the smallest possible volume ''
`` When he began with the aid of his brother , M. Louis du Temple , to experiment on a large scale , the inadequacy of all motors then known became apparent . They first tried steam at very high pressures , then a hot-air engine , and finally built and patented , in 1876 a very light steam boiler weighing from 39 to 44 lb . to the horse power , which appears to have been the prototype of some of the light boilers which have since been constructed . It consisted in a series of very thin tubes less than 1/8 in . in internal diameter , through which water circulated very rapidly , and was flashed into steam by the surrounding flame . ''
This type of boiler , which boils the water instantly , has come to be known as a flash boiler . The engine design was later adopted by the French Navy for the propulsion of the first French torpedo boats :
`` Officers and engineers have now made up their opinion regarding Du Temple 's steam engine . Everybody proclaims the superiority of its qualities… orders are pouring in from our commercial harbours and from the French government . ''
See also
Early flying machines
History of aviation
Timeline of aviation – 19th century
Notes
External links
Flying machines
Pioneers and innovators
19th-century French experimental aircraft
Single-engined tractor aircraft
Steam-powered aircraft
Monoplane
Shoulder-wing aircraft
fi : Höyrylentokone
The northern scrub flycatcher ( Sublegatus arenarum ) is a species of bird in the family Tyrannidae .
It is found in Aruba , Brazil , Colombia , Costa Rica , French Guiana , Guyana , Netherlands Antilles , Panama , Suriname , Trinidad and Tobago , and Venezuela .
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forest , subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest , subtropical or tropical mangrove forest , and subtropical or tropical dry shrubland .
References
Sublegatus
Birds described in 1863
Taxa named by Osbert Salvin
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Piaski transmitter ( Polish : Radiowo Telewizyjne Centrum Nadawcze Lublin / Piaski or short RTCN Piaski ) is a facility for FM- and TV-broadcasting near Piaski in Lublin Voivodeship , Poland at . The piaski transmitter uses a 342 metre tall guyed mast antenna tower , which was built in 1990 . After the collapse of the Warsaw Radio Mast the Piaski transmitter became the 4th tallest structure of Poland .
The following programmes are transmitted by Piaski transmitter .
Transmitted programmes
Digital television MPEG-4
FM radio
See also
List of masts
List of the tallest structures in Poland
External links
http : //www.trawniki.hg.pl/traw/radiowtr.html
Entry at Emitel
Entry at Skyscraperpage
http : //radiopolska.pl/wykaz/pokaz_lokalizacja.php ? pid=107
http : //www.dvbtmap.eu/mapcoverage.html ? chid=9642
Buildings and structures completed in 1990
Radio masts and towers in Poland
Ledborough was a former hamlet in the parish of Beaconsfield , in Buckinghamshire , England which has become incorporated into the urban area of the town of Beaconsfield as it rapidly expanded in the early part of the 20th century .
Hamlets in Buckinghamshire
Lagunas , Oaxaca is a town in the municipality of El Barrio de La Soledad , in the state of Oaxaca , Mexico
It is located in the Isthmus of Tehuantepec . Lagunas is the biggest and richest town in the municipality , with a population of 3,871 people . Matías Romero , Las Almoloyas , and El Barrio de la Soledad are all neighboring counties .
Laguna has a rich , indigenous and Mestizo culture along with popular festivities like the Night of Huapango .
The weather in Lagunas is hot with a dry heat , combined with winds coming from the Gulf of Mexico . The weather comes close to a desert-like climate and various types of desert plants such as cactus can be found in this habitat . The climate is also great for growing mangos , and this is why many mango trees can be found in this region .
Cruz Azul , a cement company , is the largest company in Lagunas ( founded 2 november 1942 ) .
Education
The town has three preschools , three primary Schools , a high school , and a prep school . The government runs a nursery school , as well as a private nursery school for three- to five-year-old children .
The Blue Cross Educational Center ( Centro Educativo Cruz Azul , CECA ) is one of the most important educational centers in the region , and is incorporated to the National Autonomous University of Mexico ( UNAM ) .
The Center for the Culture and sports ( CUDER ) of Lagunas is another facility for learning and practicing sports .
Festivities
The town is known for their popular festivity where the local women dress in traditional Zapotec attire and men wear a guayabera for a party called `` The night of the Huapango '' the most important in the year .
Tourism
The town sits right beside a lake called Laguna Azul , which offers beautiful lakeside views , as well as lush mountain scenery . In this area there are unique caves and rock formations that are also worth visiting . As mentioned already , the climate of Lagunas makes this town a good source for Mangos .
Communications and Transportation
Laguna has a radio station called XHCA-FM `` Azul FM '' ( 103.9 FM ) , which broadcasts news , Mexican folk music and international music . This station runs 24 hours a day , and it covers parts of the Isthmus of Tehuantepec , as well as some parts of Veracruz and the Chiapas states .
The city can be reached from the Federal Highway 185 . However , the city also has access to a train through its train station . There is a bus station located in Lagunas as well .
Health Care
Lagunas Oaxaca has a hospital called Médica Azul which depends on the Cruz Azul cement group , a general hospital called `` Hospital Rosa Elvira Alvarez de Alvarez '' and a medical doctor called Delfina Lopez , which specializes in electrotherapy for paralyzed people .
Sister City
: Ciudad Cooperativa Cruz Azul , Hidalgo
References
Populated places in Oaxaca
Chandrabhan Singh Chaudhary is an Indian politician and a former member of Madhya Pradesh Legislative Assembly . He was elected to the assembly from Chhindwara as a candidate of Bharatiya Janata Party in 2013 . He passed B.com in 1980 and L.L.B in 1983 from Dr. Hari Singh Gour University . He has contested 2014 Lok Sabha election from Chhindwara against Kamal Nath , a minister and was defeated .
References
Living people
National Democratic Alliance candidates in the 2014 Indian general election
Madhya Pradesh MLAs 2013–2018
People from Chhindwara
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Bharatiya Janata Party politicians from Madhya Pradesh
Israel competed at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , from 7 to 18 September 2016 . They are scheduled to compete in sailing , cycling , shooting , and rowing .
Disability classifications
Every participant at the Paralympics has their disability grouped into one of five disability categories ; amputation , the condition may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness ; cerebral palsy ; wheelchair athletes , there is often overlap between this and other categories ; visual impairment , including blindness ; Les autres , any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories , for example dwarfism or multiple sclerosis . Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications , dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition . Events are given a code , made of numbers and letters , describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing . Some sports , such as athletics , divide athletes by both the category and severity of their disabilities , other sports , for example swimming , group competitors from different categories together , the only separation being based on the severity of the disability .
Medalists
Athletics
Men 's Track and Road Events
Boccia
Israel qualified one boccia player for the mixed Individual BC2 into the Paralympic tournament . Nadav Levi claimed his Olympic spot as one of top 12 individual eligible boccia players in the BISFed 2016 World Rankings as of 30 April 2016 .
Individual
Cycling
With one pathway for qualification being one highest ranked NPCs on the UCI Para-Cycling male and female Nations Ranking Lists on 31 December 2014 , Israel qualified for the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio , assuming they continued to meet all other eligibility requirements .
Road
Men
Goalball
Israel 's women enter the tournament ranked 10th in the world .
Quarter-final
Paracanoe
Israel earned a qualifying spot at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in this sport following their performance at the 2015 ICF Canoe Sprint & Paracanoe World Championships in Milan , Italy . Pascale Bercovitch who competed in 2008 in the sport of rowing and in 2012 in the sport of hand-cycling earned the spot for Israel . This marked the first time Israel sent a sprint canoeist to the Paralympics .
Rowing
One pathway for qualifying for Rio involved having a boat have top eight finish at the 2015 FISA World Rowing Championships in a medal event . Israel qualified for the 2016 Games under these criteria in the AS Women 's Single Sculls event with a first-place finish by Moran Samuel in a time of 05:25.920 . They qualified a second boat in the TA Mixed Double Sculls event with an eighth-place finish by Tsofnat Levanon , Barak Hazor , Nissim Nir Mayo , Shay-Lee Shulmit Mizrachi and cox Danielle Renny Palatin in a time of 04:12.140 . Samuel bases her training in Italy where she is coached by Paula Grizzetti . She also trains in Israel at the Daniel Rowing Center in Tel Aviv .
Sailing
One pathway for qualifying for Rio involved having a boat have top seven finish at the 2015 Combined World Championships in a medal event where the country had nor already qualified through via the 2014 IFDS Sailing World Championships . Israel qualified for the 2016 Games under these criteria in the Sonar event with a fourth-place finish overall and the first country who had not qualified via the 2014 Championships . They qualified a second boat in the SKUD 18 event with a sixteenth-place finish overall and the sixth country who had not qualified via the 2014 Championships . The boat was crewed by Hagar Zahavi and Moshe Zahavi .
Shooting
The first opportunity to qualify for shooting at the Rio Games took place at the 2014 IPC Shooting World Championships in Suhl . Shooters earned spots for their NPC . Israel earned a qualifying spot at this event in the R5 – 10m Air Rifle Mixed Prone SH2 event as a result of the performance Doron Shaziri . It was the only qualification spot Israel earned at the event .
Swimming
Qualifiers for the latter rounds ( Q ) of all events were decided on a time only basis , therefore positions shown are overall results versus competitors in all heats .
Men
Women
Mixed
Table tennis
Men 's singles
Women 's singles
Teams
Wheelchair tennis
Israel qualified one competitor in the men 's single event , Adam Berdichevski . Israel earned two spots in the quad singles event , with the spots going to Itay Erenlib and Shraga Weinberg .
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
2016 in Israeli sport
In psychodynamic psychotherapy , working through is seen as the process of repeating , elaborating , and amplifying interpretations . It is believed that such working through is critical towards the success of therapy .
The concept was introduced by Sigmund Freud in 1914 , and assumed ever greater importance in psychoanalysis , in contrast to the immediacy of abreaction .
Interpretation and resistance
Interpretations are made when the client comes up with some material , be it written , a piece of art , music , or verbal , and are intended to bring the material offered into connection with the unconscious mind . Because of the resistance to accepting the unconscious , interpretations , whether correct or partially incorrect , consciously accepted or rejected , will inevitably require amplifying and extending to other aspects of the client 's life .
In a process Sandor Rado compared to the labour of mourning , the unconscious content must be demonstrated repeatedly in all its various forms and linkages – the process of working through .
Because of the power of resistance , the client 's rational thought and conscious awareness may not be sufficient on their own to overcome the maladjustment , entailing further interpretation and further working through .
Rat Man
Before formulating the concept of working through , in his case study of the Rat Man , Freud wrote of his interpretations :
`` It is never the aim of discussions like these to create convictions . They are only intended to bring the repressed complexes into consciousness ... and to facilitate the emergence of fresh material from the unconscious . A sense of conviction is only attained after the patient has himself worked over the reclaimed material '' .
Transference
The necessity of working through the transference is stressed in almost all forms of psychodynamic therapy , from object relations theory , through the openings offered for working through by transference disruption in self psychology , to the repetitive exploration of the transference in group therapy .
Cultural analogues
Jacques Lacan compared the process of working-through to the stylistic recommendations of Boileau : `` Cent fois sur the métier , remettez ... A hundred times consider what you 've said '' ( Pope ) .
See also
Psychodynamic psychotherapy
Free association
References
External links
Remembering , Repeating and Working Through
Psychodynamic psychotherapy
Wang Yuchen ( ; born June 15 , 2005 ) is a Chinese pair skater . With her skating partner , Huang Yihang , she is the 2020 Cup of China silver medalist , the 2020 Chinese junior national champion , and placed in the top eight at the 2020 World Junior Championships .
Personal life
Wang was born on June 15 , 2005 in Changchun , Jilin .
Career
Early career
Wang started skating in 2011 . Her first pairs coach was Luan Bo .
Wang teamed up with Huang Yihang prior to the 2017–18 season . They placed eighth at the 2018 Chinese Championships , where there was no separate junior division .
2018–2019 season
Wang/Huang were added to the Chinese national team ahead of the season to replace an injured Yu Xiaoyu / Zhang Hao . They made their junior international debut on the Junior Grand Prix , placing eighth in Canada and 13th in the Czech Republic . In early December , Wang/Huang competed at the Russian-Chinese Winter Youth Games , where they finished fourth . They ended their season at the 2019 Chinese Championships at the end of the month . As there was no separate junior division , Wang/Huang finished fifth among seniors .
2019–2020 season
Wang/Huang opened their season on the Junior Grand Prix and finished eighth at both their events in the United States and Croatia . In between the two JGP events , they competed at the 2020 Chinese Championships , where they won the junior title by 0.01 points ahead of Wang Huidi / Jia Ziqi and Li Jiaen / Wang Zijian .
Wang/Huang were assigned to compete at the 2020 Winter Youth Olympics in Lausanne , Switzerland in January . On being selected , Wang said : `` I am very excited to participate in such a large competition for the first time . In order to achieve our competition goal , I will train hard and strive to skate in my best form and win glory for the country . '' Wang/Huang went on to place fifth in the individual event . Huang expressed dissatisfaction with their performance and called it a `` learning opportunity . '' As part of Team Future during the team event , they again placed fifth to help the team finish seventh overall .
Wang/Huang finished their season at the 2020 World Junior Championships in March . Placing eighth in the short program and sixth in the free skating , they ended in eighth place overall .
2020–2021 season
Due to the COVID-19 pandemic , the Junior Grand Prix series was cancelled and the Grand Prix events were limited to domestic competitors or skaters who trained in the host nation 's immediate geographic region . As a result , Wang/Huang were assigned to make their senior debut at the 2020 Cup of China . They finished second in both segments to earn the silver medal behind Peng Cheng / Jin Yang .
In January 2021 , Wang/Huang participated in the New Year 's Day Ice Carnival , a domestic team competition held among the Chinese national team , as part of Sui Wenjing 's Team Elite alongside Jin Boyang , Chen Hongyi , Wang Yihan , and Chen Hong / Sun Zhuoming . They lost the competition to Han Cong 's Team Sharp Blades after falling behind on the first day of competition .
2021–2022 season
Wang/Huang were assigned to compete at the 2021 CS Nebelhorn Trophy to attempt to qualify a third berth for Chinese pairs at the 2022 Winter Olympics . They placed fourth in the short program , third among the teams seeking the three available spots , but dropped to sixth place after three falls in their free skate , and did not qualify a place .
Programs
With Huang
Competitive highlights
GP : Grand Prix ; JGP : Junior Grand Prix
With Huang
Detailed results
With Huang
Senior results
Junior results
References
External links
2005 births
Living people
Chinese female pair skaters
Figure skaters from Changchun
Figure skaters at the 2020 Winter Youth Olympics
Alshaya Group ( also called the M.H . Alshaya Co. ) is a multinational retail franchise operator headquartered in Kuwait . It operates 90 consumer retail brands across the Middle East and North Africa , Russia , Turkey , and Europe . In addition to its retail operations , the Alshaya Group has holdings in real estate , construction , hotels , automotive and general trading , largely centred in the Middle East .
History
In 1890 , M.H . Alshaya Co. was founded in Kuwait in as a shipping company , initially trading with British India . In 1965 , the company diversified by opening a Sheraton hotel in Kuwait City , the first Sheraton outside North America . In 1983 , Alshaya expanded its franchising business when it acquired the Kuwait franchise rights for UK retailer Mothercare . H & M , In 1999 , Alshaya entered the food retail sector with a partnership with Starbucks . Alshaya 's acquisition of the Topshop franchise for Turkey in 2002 was its first expansion outside the Middle East . The company moved into Russia in 2005 with the acquisition of the Russian franchise rights for Mothercare . In 2006 , Alshaya launched international clothing retailer H & M in the Middle East , followed by a number of US-headquartered brands looking to expand into the Middle East : Dean and Deluca ( 2008 ) , P. F. Chang 's , Pinkberry and Payless ShoeSource ( all 2009 ) . In 2010 , Alshaya added American Eagle , Pottery Barn and Pottery Barn Kids to its portfolio . It also secured franchise rights for the first international outlets of Texas Roadhouse , and opened its first Victoria 's Secret Beauty and Accessories stores in the Middle East in Bahrain and Kuwait . In June 2012 , the first The Cheesecake Factory restaurant outside North America opened in the UAE . In November 2012 , further brands were added to Alshaya 's portfolio : Harvey Nichols Kuwait , Victoria 's Secret , Jack Wills , COS , West Elm and Williams-Sonoma .
In December 2012 , Alshaya opened the Alshaya Retail Academy in Riyadh , Saudi Arabia , providing retail training and employment on graduation for young Saudi women . In February 2013 Alshaya opened up the 160th location of The Cheesecake Factory in The Avenues ( Kuwait ) . In April 2014 , Alshaya announced it would open two more Alshaya Retail Academies in Saudi Arabia , in Jeddah and Dammam . Alshaya moved into the Leisure and Entertainment sector in June 2013 with the opening of KidZania Kuwait , at The Avenues ( Kuwait ) . Muji opened at The Avenues in the same year . Katsuya by Philippe Starck launched in Kuwait and the UAE , and in December 2013 , more Alshaya restaurant brands were introduced to Saudi Arabia—The Cheesecake Factory , Texas Roadhouse , Shake Shack , P. F. Chang 's and PizzaExpress . 2015 saw the Middle East debut of fast-food chicken restaurant Raising Cane 's in Kuwait . In 2016 , Alshaya launched its loyalty programme , Privileges Club , in Kuwait , with plans to roll the programme out across its GCC markets . Lebanese restaurant Babel opened its first outlet outside Lebanon , in Kuwait . In 2017 , several new brands made their Middle Eastern debut , including Bouchon Bakery ; Charlotte Tilbury ; NYX Cosmetics ; 400 Gradi ; and & Other Stories . The company also opened the Four Seasons Hotel Kuwait at Burj Alshaya in downtown Kuwait City . Burj Alshaya features the 22-story Four Seasons in the Eastern Tower and houses the corporate headquarters of the company in the 43-story Western Tower . Also making their regional debut at Kuwait 's new Avenues Phase IV extension were Swedish fashion brand Monki , Blaze Pizza and new entertainment concept TekZone .
Luxury Home Fragrance brand Dr. Vranjes Firenze made its first Middle East foray later that year . In January 2019 , Alshaya opened its own brand Amiti Noura , a restaurant that offers traditional Kuwaiti cuisine at Kuwait 's largest shopping mall , The Avenues followed by the opening of contemporary New York city-based fashion brand alice + olivia by Stacey Bendet , in April .
Later that year , Alshaya Group partnered with Hilton to open 70 Hampton by Hilton Hotels in nine countries the Middle East , North Africa , Turkey and Russia . In December 2019 , Alshaya signed an agreement with Equinox Group to bring three fitness brands to the region : Equinox Fitness Clubs , SoulCycle and Blink Fitness , with initial opening plans focused on Dubai in late 2020 . They also announced plans to bring the Canopy by Hilton hotel brand to Kuwait .
In early 2020 , Alshaya introduced café and bakery Princi to Kuwait .
In March 2022 Alshaya Group temporarily closed all stores in Russia ( Starbucks , Mothercare , The Body Shop , Victoria 's Secret ) , which might be connected to the international sanctions imposed against Russia because of the war in Ukraine .
Operations
Some of the brands managed and operated by Alshaya Group include Raising Canes , Mothercare , American Eagle , Debenhams , Harvey Nichols Kuwait , Payless ShoeSource , Topshop , Starbucks , Shake Shack , The Cheesecake Factory , Pinkberry , P. F. Chang 's , Le Pain Quotidien , Katsuya by Philippe Starck , The Body Shop , Make-up Art Cosmetics ( MAC ) , Victoria 's Secret , Boots pharmacy , Vision Express , Pottery Barn , Williams Sonoma , and KidZania Kuwait . Its hotel division owns the Sheraton Hotel in Kuwait and the Oberoi Hotel in Medina , Saudi Arabia .
References
Companies based in Kuwait City
Retail companies of Kuwait
The Rugege Highlands forest chameleon ( Kinyongia rugegensis ) is a species of chameleon . It is endemic to the Rugege Highlands of Burundi , but likely occurs in the Nyungwe Forest in the immediately adjacent Rwanda . The Burundian records are from or near the Kibira National Park . It was formerly considered to be included in Kinyongia adolfifriderici .
References
Kinyongia
Lizards of Africa
Vertebrates of Burundi
Endemic fauna of Burundi
Reptiles described in 2017
Taxa named by Daniel F. Hughes
Taxa named by Chifundera Kusamba
Taxa named by Eli Greenbaum
Jimone was the first release by Mancunian band James , released in November 1983 by Factory Records . It contained three tracks that also later appeared on the band 's Village Fire EP . Fire So Close being a slightly different mix from the 7 '' version . According to the band 's biography Folklore by Stuart Maconie , the band were fearful of tarnishing their best songs in the studio , so instead opted to record the three songs they felt were their worst .
The track `` What 's The World '' has been covered by The Smiths ( live recording on `` I Started Something I Could n't Finish '' ) . It has remained popular among die-hard James fans to the present day and was still occasionally being featured in setlists as late as 1998 .
`` Folklore '' lent its name to Stuart Maconie 's biography of the band in 2000 , while `` Fire So Close '' was later radically reworked under the title of `` Why So Close '' on the band 's debut 1986 album Stutter .
Track listing
`` Folklore '' – 2:46
`` What 's The World '' – 1:52
`` Fire So Close '' – 1:46
Personnel
Tim Booth - Vocals
Jim Glennie - Bass guitar
Paul Gilbertson - Lead guitar
Gavan Whelan - Drums
References
James ( band ) EPs
1983 debut EPs
Factory Records EPs
Peter John Fox ( born 1952 ) is a British priest in the Church of England who served as Bishop of Port Moresby in the Anglican Church of Papua New Guinea from 2002 to 2006 , as an honorary assistant bishop in the Diocese of Norwich between 2006 and 2018 , and since August 2019 an honorary assistant bishop in the Diocese of Leicester .
Fox attended King 's College London , becoming an Associate ( AKC ) in 1974 and spending his fourth and final year of ministerial training at St Augustine 's College , Canterbury . He was then ordained a deacon at Petertide ( 29 June ) 1975 by Maurice Wood , Bishop of Norwich , at Norwich Cathedral and a priest the following Petertide ( 27 June 1976 ) by Aubrey Aitken , Bishop of Lynn , at the same cathedral . He served his title ( curacy ) at Wymondham , Norfolk until 1979 , when he went as a missionary priest to Papua New Guinea , where he served as Rector of Gerehu from 1980 and additionally as Diocesan Secretary for the Diocese of Port Moresby from 1984 .
He returned to the UK in 1985 , taking a group of rural Norfolk parishes : East and West Rudham , Syderstone , Bagthorpe , Barmer , Tatterford , Tattersett and Houghton ( which became the Coxford Group in 1988 ) ; until 1989 . He then moved to Devon and became Team Rector of Lynton , Barbrook , Countisbury , Lynmouth , Brendon , Martinhoe and Parracombe until 1995 , serving additionally as Rural Dean of Shirwell from 1992 . From Devon he moved to Oxfordshire , where he was Priest-in-Charge at Harpsden-cum-Bolney , serving concurrently as General Secretary of the Melanesian Mission . He was elected to become Bishop of Port Moresby , in the Anglican Church of Papua New Guinea , in September 2001 .
Fox was consecrated and installed on 24 February 2002 ; he served until 2006 . That year , he returned to Britain , becoming Priest-in-Charge of the Lakenham Group of churches ( North Lakenham and Tuckswood ; becoming Vicar in 2007 ) and ( additionally ) an honorary assistant bishop in the Diocese of Norwich . In 2019 Bishop Martyn Snow appointed him an honorary assistant bishop in the Diocese of Leicester .
Notes
References
Associates of King 's College
1952 births
21st-century Anglican bishops in Oceania
Living people
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Alumni of the Theological Department of King 's College London
Papua New Guinean bishops
Anglican bishops of Port Moresby
Uki Lauri Aleksi Ovaskainen ( born 1975 in Espoo , Finland ) is a Finnish pianist .
Biography
Uki Ovaskainen ( b . 1975 ) is a Finnish pianist , highly acclaimed both for his concentrated performances of the cornerstones of classical piano repertoire , and for his vast experience as a chamber musician , performing regularly with all string- and wind instruments , as well as with singers . American pianist and musicologist Charles Rosen wrote : `` Uki Ovaskainen is the finest young talent I 've heard in the past ten years . He combines real musical intelligence with a first rate technique and remarkable sensibility '' , while according to Pnina Salzman , pre-eminent Israeli pianist , pupil of Alfred Cortot `` Uki Ovaskainen is a wonderful pianist . His playing is very lyrical and poetical . His interpretation of the various styles is always intelligent and in good taste '' .
Uki Ovaskainen was awarded the first prize `` Premio Jaen '' , `` Premio musica contemporanea '' for the best performance of the work commissioned by the competition , and the prize of the audience in the International piano competition `` Premio Jaen '' in Spain . He has performed as a piano soloist with orchestras such as Copenhagen Philharmonic and Orchestra of the Mariinsky theatre in St.Petersburg , with conductors including Michail Jurowski , Michel Tabachnik and Vladimir Valek . He has performed at numerous piano- and chamber music festivals throughout Europe .
Uki Ovaskainen studied in Finland at the Espoo music institute with Waldemar Hagert , ( giving his first performance with a professional orchestra at the age of 12 , playing the 2nd Piano concerto by Beethoven ) , and at the Sibelius-Academy ( department for young talents , and department for soloists ) with prof. Hui-Ying Liu-Tawaststjerna . From 1996 he studied with prof. Jose Ribera at the Royal Danish Conservatory of Music in Copenhagen , where he finished studies with the highest character 13 , reserved for exceptional examinations in the Danish educational system . He continued studies with the same professor and finished the Soloist class in 2005 with a concert , drawing widespread interest and acclaims in the Danish newspapers . He also studied with prof. Matti Raekallio in the Soloist class of Hannover Hochschule für Musik . Besides his studies , Uki Ovaskainen has worked with pedagogues and artists such as Pnina Salzman , Yahli Wagman , Charles Rosen , Andras Schiff , Arbo Valdma and Emanuel Krasovsky .
Uki Ovaskainen played a series of eight recitals in 11 days at the Royal Danish Concervatory of Music , the first program being Goldberg-variations by J.S.Bach and Diabelli-variations by Beethoven , and the last one the three last Piano sonatas by Beethoven . Other programs included all Etudes by Chopin and Schumann- , Ravel- and Prokofiev recitals . It marked the biggest individual project in the history of the conservatory . Jan Jacoby wrote in Politiken : `` Amazing talent . Each variation was throughout sensitively modulated inside its clearly defined basic colour , and a distinct singing conscious of all voices gave life to the polyphony , while the differentiated articulation was carried out without any hesitation . One was spellbound . ''
References
External links
1975 births
Finnish classical pianists
Living people
Finnish expatriates in Serbia
21st-century classical pianists
The 22807 / 08 Santragachi–Chennai Central AC Express is a Superfast Express train belonging to Indian Railways – South Eastern Railway zone that runs between Santragachi Junction and Chennai Central in India .
It operates as train number 22807 from Santragachi Junction to Chennai Central and as train number 22808 in the reverse direction , serving the 4 states of West Bengal , Odisha , Andhra Pradesh and Tamil Nadu .
Coaches
The 22807 / 08 Santragachi–Chennai Central AC Express has 1 AC First Class , 4 AC 2 tier , 10 AC 3 tier & 2 End on Generator cum Luggage Rack Coaches . In addition , it carries a pantry car coach .
As is customary with most train services in India , coach composition may be amended at the discretion of Indian Railways depending on demand .
Service
The 22807 Santragachi–Chennai Central AC Express covers the distance of 1655 kilometres in 27 hours 45 mins ( 59.64 km/hr ) and in 26 hours 30 mins as 22808 Chennai Central–Santragachi AC Express ( 62.45 km/hr ) .
As the average speed of the train is above , as per Indian Railways rules , its fare includes a Superfast surcharge .
Routeing
The 22807 / 08 Santragachi–Chennai Central AC Express runs from Santragachi Junction via Kharagpur Junction , Cuttack Junction , Bhubaneswar , Khurda Road Jn , Visakhapatnam , Vijayawada Junction , Gudur Junction to Chennai Central .
It reverses direction of travel at Visakhapatnam .
Traction
As the route is fully electrified , a Santragachi-based WAP-4 hauls the train from Santragachi Junction up to Visakhapatnam , but these days this job is carried by a Santragachi-based WAP-7 and a Vijayawada-based WAP-1 locomotive powers the train for the remainder of its journey .
Operation
22807 Santragachi–Chennai Central AC Express runs from Santragachi Junction every Tuesday and Friday reaching Chennai Central the next day .
22808 Chennai Central–Santragachi AC Express runs from Chennai Central every Thursday and Sunday , reaching Santragachi Junction the next day .
References
http : //www.scr.indianrailways.gov.in/view_detail.jsp ? lang=0 & id=0,5,268 & dcd=3553 & did=139124247753895977870EF61F32487E507DB6445DCF3.web103
http : //www.thehindu.com/news/national/tamil-nadu/superfast-express-train-between-chennai-santragachi/article5587410.ece
https : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=8gvcQFym2OI
http : //www.scr.indianrailways.gov.in/view_detail.jsp ? lang=0 & dcd=3493 & id=0,5,268
http : //www.railnews.co.in/mosr-flags-off-santragachi-chennai-superfast-ac-exp-and-howrah-amta-emu-local/
http : //www.traveliks.com/trains/22807-santragachi-chennai-central-sf-ac-express-train-timings-schedule-22807
https : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=8owYouNdblA
External links
Rail transport in Howrah
Transport in Chennai
Rail transport in West Bengal
Rail transport in Odisha
Rail transport in Andhra Pradesh
Rail transport in Tamil Nadu
AC Express ( Indian Railways ) trains
Railway services introduced in 2014
Brennen Ray Jones ( born April 25 , 1987 ) is a Canadian curler from Regina , Saskatchewan . He is a two-time provincial junior champion .
In 2006 , playing third for Mitch Heidt , Jones won his first provincial junior championship qualifying him for the 2006 Canadian Junior Curling Championships . Saskatchewan missed the playoffs , finishing with a 7–5 round robin record .
In 2008 , Jones skipped his own team to his second provincial junior championship . His Saskatchewan rink finished the round robin at the 2008 Canadian Junior Curling Championships with a 9–3 record . This put him in a tie-breaker against Ontario ( skipped by Travis Fanset ) which he lost .
From 2007 to 2009 , outside junior competition , Jones played second for Brad Heidt in numerous World Curling Tour events . Jones left to form his own team before joining Pat Simmons ' team in 2010 . He played in his first Brier in 2011 .
References
External links
1987 births
Living people
Curlers from Regina , Saskatchewan
Sportspeople from Weyburn
Canadian male curlers
Canada Cup ( curling ) participants
The Newton Theological Institution Historic District is an historic district in the village of Newton Centre in Newton , Massachusetts . It encompasses not only the campus of the Newton Theological Institution , now known as the Andover Newton Theological School , but also a cluster of fashionable 19th century houses north of the campus , on Herrick Road and Chase and Cypress Streets . The school was the first outside educational institution in Newton . The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986 .
The Andover Newton Theological School , the nation 's oldest interdenominational religious seminary , was founded in 1931 by the merger of two other religious schools : the Newton Theological School , founded in 1825 as the nation 's first Baptist seminary , and the Andover Theological Seminary , a Congregational seminary founded in 1807 . The property in Newton Centre was purchased in the 1820s by the Baptists , who built the school 's oldest surviving building , Farwell Hall , in 1828 . Originally Federal in style , it was raised with a mansard roof in 1857 . Colby Hall , separately listed on the National Register , was builtin 1866 to accommodate a growing student population . Sturtevant Hall ( 1873 ) was followed by Burgess Gymnasium ( c. 1880 ) and Hills Library ( 1895 ) before the school merger took place .
Just north of the campus is a small residential area with high-quality mid-to-late 19th century houses , some that have association with the school . The house at 70 Chase Street is probably Newton 's finest example of Second Empire styling ; it was built for John Sanborn , a Boston merchant and politician . The 1906 Colonial Revival house at 120 Herrick Street may have been built by the school to house visiting teachers . 102 Herrick Street , a Queen Anne/Stick style house built c. 1883 was home to a clergyman .
Gallery
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Newton , Massachusetts
References
National Register of Historic Places in Newton , Massachusetts
Italianate architecture in Massachusetts
Queen Anne architecture in Massachusetts
Colonial Revival architecture in Massachusetts
Historic districts in Middlesex County , Massachusetts
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Massachusetts
Elvira Lobato is a Brazilian journalist . She has worked at Folha de S.Paulo for 25 out of 39 years in which she was a journalist ; she retired in 2012 . She was awarded some of the most prestigious prizes for journalists in Brazil , including Prêmio Esso , that she received in 2008 for an investigative series on the wealth of Igreja Universal . Because of this work , she has been threatened and publicly persecuted .
Awards
Congresso Internacional de Jornalismo Investigativo , 2016
Troféu Mulher Imprensa , category `` Repórter de site de notícias '' , 2012
Prêmio Esso de Jornalismo , for `` Universal chega aos 30 anos com império empresarial '' , Folha de S.Paulo , 2008
Prêmio CNT de Jornalismo , for `` Vícios de Gestão Afundaram Varig '' , Folha de S.Paulo , 2006
Prêmio Imprensa Embratel , for `` Teles negociam compra da Embratel para subir preços '' , Folha de S.Paulo , 2004
Grande Prêmio Folha de Jornalismo , 1999 and 2004
References
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
Brazilian journalists
Somebody 's Waiting for Someone is a 1919 song performed by Henry Burr and Albert Campbell . The music was composed by Harry Von Tilzer and the lyrics were written by Andrew B . Sterling . It was published by Harry Von Tilzer Publishing Co. , and the sheet music cover featured an illustration by Albert Wilfred Barbelle . Based on sales estimates , it reached a peak position of No.8 on Top 100 US Songs of its time .
The song 's cover art depicts a young woman leaning on a fence with a park scene to her right .
References
1919 songs
Songs of World War I
Songs with music by Harry Von Tilzer
Songs with lyrics by Andrew B . Sterling
Alessandro was a bishop of Forlì . He began his term in 1160 . It was during his administration of the diocese that the episcopal palace was built .
Sources
http : //www.newadvent.org/cathen/06137a.htm
Bishops of Forlì
12th-century Italian Roman Catholic bishops
Battle of Peshawar , was fought on 27 November 1001 between the Ghaznavid army of Mahmud of Ghazni and the Hindu Shahi army of Jayapala , near Peshawar . Jayapala was defeated and captured , and as a result of the humiliation of the defeat , he later immolated himself in a funeral pyre . This is the first of many major battles in the expansion of the Ghaznavid Empire into the Indian subcontinent by Mahmud .
Background
In 962 , Alp Tigin , a Turkish ghulam or slave soldier , who rose to be the commander of the army in Khorasan in the service of the Samanids , seized Ghazna and set himself up as a ruler there . A successor Sebuk Tigin started to vigorously expand his domain , first capturing Kandahar , then began a struggle with the Hindu Shahi kingdom . The Hindu Shahi ruler Jayapala attacked Sebuk Tigin , but was defeated , then again later when his army of a reported size of over 100,000 was beaten . Lamghan was plundered , and Kabul and Jalalabad were annexed by the Ghaznavids . In 997 , Mahmud ascended the throne at Ghazni , and vowed to invade India every year until the northern lands were his . In 1001 he arrived at Peshawar with a select group of 15,000 cavalry , and a large corps of ghazis and Afghans .
Battle
An account of the battle between the invading Turkic Ghaznavids and the Shahi kingdom was given by Al-Utbi in Tarikh Yamini . According to Al-Utbi , Mahmud pitched his tent outside the city upon reaching Peshawar . Jayapala avoided action for some time waiting for reinforcements , and Mahmud then took the decision to attack with swords , arrows , and spears . Jayapala moved his cavalry and elephants to engage his opponent , but his army was decisively defeated .
According to the sources , Jayapala , along with members of his family were captured , and valuable personal adornments were taken off the prisoners , including a necklace of great value from Jayapala . The figures of Hindu dead ranged from 5,000 to 15,000 , and five hundred thousands were said to have been taken captive . Judging from the personal adornments taken off captured Hindus , Jayapala 's army was not prepared for battle and thousands of children were taken captive as well .
Aftermath
Jayapala was bound and paraded , and a large ransom was paid for the release of members of his family . Jayapala felt the defeat to be a great humiliation , and later he built himself a funeral pyre , lit it , and threw himself into the fire .
Mahmud later conquered the upper Indus region , and then in 1009 , defeated Jayapala 's son Anandapala in a battle at Chach . He then captured Lahore and Multan , giving him control of the Punjab region .
See also
Hindu Shahi
Janjua
History of Peshawar
Pre-Ghaznavid history of Punjab
References
1001 in Asia
Battles involving the Ghaznavid Empire
Conflicts in 1001
Medieval Hinduism
Medieval India
1001
Kabul Shahi
Frank Maurice Stinson Jenkins ( July 6 , 1859 – December 5 , 1930 ) was an early amateur ice hockey player . He was a founder , and the first captain of the Ottawa Hockey Club ( Ottawa HC ) of 1883 . He was also the founder in 1894 of Ottawa 's first full-size orchestra , the Ottawa Amateur Orchestral Society .
Family
Born in Kingston , Ontario , Jenkins moved to Ottawa as a boy and resided in Ottawa ever since . He was a son of Charles W. Jenkins and Carolyn Counter Jenkins . He was the grandson of Kingston mayor John Counter . In 1892 , Frank married Annie Lampman , a concert pianist and sister of Archibald Lampman . Frank and Anne had one son , Frank T. and three daughters , Dorothy , Ruth and Marjorie . Their daughter Dorothy Jenkins McCurry was a noted vocal soloist and teacher in Ottawa .
Ice hockey
In 1883 , after viewing the ice hockey tournament at the Montreal Winter Carnival , Halder Kirby and Jack Kerr returned to Ottawa , with a plan to form a hockey club . The Ottawa Hockey Club was formed , and Frank Jenkins was its first captain .
The club played in the Montreal tournaments in 1884 and 1885 . In 1886 , the Amateur Hockey Association of Canada ( AHAC ) league was formed with Ottawa one of the founding members . The Ottawa HC would play in the inaugural season of 1887 , a season of challenges between teams , allowing the winner to be the current champion , with the final winner of the season considered Canadian champion . The club would not play in the AHAC again until 1891 , and was dormant in 1888 , restarting in 1889 after the opening of the Rideau Skating Rink . Jenkins would again be the captain .
The club would help found the Ontario Hockey Association in 1890 , and was its first champion in the years 1890 to 1893 . In 1891 , Jenkins would assume the president title for the Ottawa HC , and in 1892 , would assume the president title of the AHAC .
Career
Jenkins is listed as a clerk for the Post Office , Main Ottawa Branch in the 1889–90 Ottawa Directory . He retired from the Post Office in 1928 .
Music
Jenkins was also a talented musician . In December 1885 , he played in an organ recital at Christ Church of Ottawa where he opened the program with a `` meritorious and well-received playing '' of Mendelssohn 's First Sonata . He was an organist at several churches in Ottawa : Knox Church in 1886 and 1887 , Dominion Methodist from 1887 until 1895 , St. Andrew 's from 1895 to 1909 , St. John 's Anglican from 1910 .
Jenkins , along with his wife Anne , founded Ottawa 's first full-size orchestra , the Ottawa Amateur Orchestral Society in 1894 . The Society 's first performance was in December 1894 . Jenkins would conduct the orchestra until 1900 .
He also was an organizer of the Ottawa Schubert Club Choral Society , which became the Ottawa Choral Society , from 1897 to 1914 . The Society , a group of 175 amateurs , gave its first performance , with Jenkins conducting of Messiah on December 29 , 1896 in the Grand Opera House .
Later years
In later years , Jenkins was a member of the Ottawa Canoe Club , Ottawa Lawn Bowling Club and the Rideau Curling Club and he also played golf and tennis . He died at his home at 216 Cooper Street in Ottawa after a short illness on December 5 , 1930 and was interred on December 8 , 1930 at Beechwood Cemetery .
See also
Ottawa Hockey Club
Amateur Hockey Association of Canada
References and notes
1859 births
1930 deaths
Canadian people of English descent
Ice hockey people from Ontario
Ottawa Senators ( original ) players
Sportspeople from Kingston , Ontario
Sportspeople from Ottawa
Burials at Beechwood Cemetery ( Ottawa )
Hugh I of Oisy ( died circa 1111 ) was the castellan of the town of Cambrai who rebelled against the authority of the bishops of the city . Hugh 's family was of seigneurial rank , originating in Oisy and Inchy , and had provided most of the castellans of Cambrai during the eleventh and twelfth centuries .
Before 1076 , Hugh rebelled against the bishop Lietbert and was excommunicated . The bishop refused to lift the ban `` unless [ Hugh ] first consents to renounce with his own hands—werpire , to use the common expression—every fief which he holds in the city of Cambrai . '' The ceremony of werpitio ( in French déguerpissement ) generally involved handing over a symbol of the fief to the one from whom it had been received .
Hugh continued to encroach on the authority of the bishop within the city during the episcopate of Gerard II . Since both the French king , Philip I , and the dowager countess of Hainaut , Richilda , were opposed to increased imperial influence—represented by the bishop of Cambrai—in the county of Flanders , they supported Hugh in his rebellion . With the help of Richilda 's rival , Count Robert I of Flanders , the bishop succeeded in exiling Hugh to England between about 1086 and 1090 .
Notes
1110s deaths
11th-century births
Castellans
TRANSform Me is an American reality television series that premiered March 15 , 2010 , on VH1 . The series shows a cisgender female contestant as she is given an internal and external makeover by a team of three trans women stylists . Laverne Cox produced and starred in TRANSform Me , making her the first African-American trans woman to produce and star in her own TV show .
Episodes
References
External links
2010 American television series debuts
2010 American television series endings
2010s American reality television series
VH1 original programming
English-language television shows
Transgender-related television shows
2010s LGBT-related reality television series
2010s American LGBT-related television series
American LGBT-related reality television series
Novyye Maty ( ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) in Staromatinsky Selsoviet , Bakalinsky District , Bashkortostan , Russia . The population was 323 as of 2010 . There are 4 streets .
Geography
Novyye Maty is located 21 km northeast of Bakaly ( the district 's administrative centre ) by road . Mullanurovo is the nearest rural locality .
References
Rural localities in Bakalinsky District
New Valley may refer to :
New Valley LLC , an investment company based in Miami , Florida
New Valley Continuation High School , a high school in California
New Valley Governorate , Egypt
the New Valley Project , a major irrigation project in Egypt
See also
New Hall Valley
New Hope Valley
New Klang Valley
New River Valley
New-Wes-Valley
A somatic cell count ( SCC ) is a cell count of somatic cells in a fluid specimen , usually milk . In dairying , the SCC is an indicator of the quality of milk—specifically , its low likeliness to contain harmful bacteria , and thus its high food safety . White blood cells ( leukocytes ) constitute the majority of somatic cells in question . The number of somatic cells increases in response to pathogenic bacteria like Staphylococcus aureus , a cause of mastitis . The SCC is quantified as cells per milliliter . General agreement rests on a reference range of less than 100,000 cells/mL for uninfected cows and greater than 250,000 for cows infected with significant pathogen levels . Several tests like the PortaSCC milk test and The California mastitis test provide a cow-side measure of somatic cell count . The somatic cell count in the milk also increases after calving when colostrum is produced .
Bacteria plate count
The methods of determining Grade A milk quality are well established , and are based on the somatic cell count and the bacteria plate count . Generally a lower somatic cell count indicates better animal health , while the bacteria plate count indicates improved equipment sanitation .
Somatic cells originate only from inside the animal 's udder , while the bacteria are usually from external contaminations , such as insufficient cleaning of the milk transport equipment or insufficient external cleansing of the cow 's udder and teats prior to milking . Milking equipment can also be accidentally knocked or kicked off an animal onto the floor , and contaminants on the barn floor can be sucked into the milk line by the system vacuum . A filter sock or filter disk in the pipeline prevents large particulate contaminants from entering the milk bulk tank , but can not remove bacterial contamination once it has occurred .
For example , as defined by the State of Indiana administrative code , grade A milk shall meet the following standards :
The bacterial estimate classification shall be `` acceptable '' .
The bacteria count using the standard plate count , direct microscopic count , or plate loop count methods shall be not more than one million ( 1,000,000 ) bacteria per milliliter .
The somatic cell count shall be not more than one million ( 1,000,000 ) cells per milliliter .
The milk shall not contain drug residues .
Milk not meeting these standards shall be designated as undergrade . Undergrade milk may not be sold for human consumption or processing into products for human consumption .
As established , these measurements are taken daily from the milk bulk tank and not from individual cows . This is because testing of individual animals at each milking would be expensive , but it also means that milk from a sick cow is diluted and averaged down by the healthy animals . Recently technological advances have allowed the dairy producer to test animals individually for SCC at every milking . The huge bulk tanks at large farms are accommodating of more sick animals in the herd , without the sick animals affecting the overall milk quality rating . However many different state and governmental agencies ( including FDA ) inspect each load of milk delivered to the processing facility as well as the processing facilities themselves to ensure that all milk processed through those facilities is safe for all consumers .
As discussed in the paper Guidelines for Using the DHI Somatic Cell Count Program :
The results of many studies suggest that cows with SCC of less than 200,000 are not likely to be infected with major mastitis pathogens , but cows with SCC above 300,000 are probably infected ( Smith , 1996 ) .
Herds with bulk tank SCC above 200,000 will have varying degrees of subclinical mastitis present . Data from the National Mastitis Council ( 1987 ) show that 6 % of the [ udder ] quarters in a herd could be expected to be infected in a herd with a bulk tank SCC of 200,000 .
At 500,000 SCC , 16 % of the quarters may be infected with a 6 % reduction in milk production compared to a SCC of 200,000 .
In Canada , European Union , Australia , New Zealand , Switzerland , and some US states ( e.g. , Washington ) the somatic cell count shall be not more than 400,000 cells per milliliter . The somatic cell count limit is 750,000 in the majority of the USA and 1,000,000 in Brazil .
Bacteria in milk can come from sources other than the animal . Over time the milking pipeline and equipment can become coated with residues such as milkstone which are not removed by standard detergents and require periodic flushing of equipment with high strength corrosives . Automatic washing equipment for the bulk tank may not effectively clean all interior surfaces , and does not clean the exterior of the bulk tank at all .
Milk processors and co-ops purchasing milk routinely award farmers for having the lowest possible SCC counts via `` quality bonuses '' added to each milk payment to the dairyman .
See also
Mastitis in dairy cattle
Breed method
References
Dairy farming
Cattle
Dariusz Kałuża ( born in 1967 in Pszczyna ) is a Polish clergyman and bishop for the Roman Catholic Diocese of Goroka . He was appointed bishop in 2016 . He resigned and left to serve the same role in Bougainville in 2020 .
References
External links
1967 births
Polish Roman Catholic bishops
Roman Catholic bishops of Goroka
Roman Catholic bishops of Bougainville
Living people
Antoni Potocki may refer to :
Antoni Potocki ( 1780–1850 ) , Polish nobleman
Antoni Protazy Potocki ( 1761–1801 ) , Polish noble
Antoni Michał Potocki ( died 1766 ) , Polish noble
Our Lady of Jasna Gora Parish - designated for Polish immigrants in Clinton , Massachusetts , United States .
Founded 1913 . It is one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Diocese of Worcester .
Merged July 1 , 2010 to form St John the Guardian of Our Lady , Clinton .
School
St. Mary Elementary School , Clinton
Bibliography
The Official Catholic Directory in USA
External links
Our Lady of Jasna Gora Parish - ParishesOnline.com
Our Lady of Jasna Gora Parish - TheCatholicDirectory.com
Diocese of Worcester
Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in Massachusetts
Religion in Worcester County , Massachusetts
William Warrington , ( 1796–1869 ) , was an English maker of stained glass windows . His firm , operating from 1832 to 1875 , was one of the earliest of the English Medieval revival and served clients such as Norwich and Peterborough Cathedrals . Warrington was an historian of medieval glass and published an illustrated book The History of Stained Glass .
Biographical
William was one of at least five children born to William Warrington ( born 1768 New Romney ) and his wife Sarah Wren . He was baptised at New Romney on 4 Mar 1796 .
One of his nephews married a sister of John Surtees 's patrilineal Great-Grandfather .
In his youth , Warrington first trained with his father as a painter of armorial shields . He then moved for a time into the stained glass workshop of Thomas Willement , one of the earliest such workshops to be of high renown . In 1832 Warrington established his own stained glass company , where he produced windows that well satisfied the rising fashion of Gothic Revival and in which his own skills as an armorial painter were utilised in the production of domestic as well as ecclesiastical windows .
From studying existent ancient windows and emulation of the leading techniques of the master Thomas Willement , Warrington developed a style which allowed him to create windows strongly resembling those of the 13th and 14th centuries in appearance . His windows became the preferred choice of the architect Augustus Welby Pugin who used them in most of his earliest churches , between 1838 and 1842 .
But Pugin was soon to fall out with Warrington , claiming “ The Glass-Painters will shorten my days , they are the greatest plague I have . The reason I did not give Warrington the window at the hospital is this . He has lately become so conceited and got nearly as expensive as Willement. ” Warrington produced drawings of windows to be used by Pugin in the Houses of Parliament , but the firms that Pugin employed were Ballantine and Allen and Hardman & Co .
In 1848 Warrington published “ The History of Stained Glass , from the Earliest Period of the Art to the Present Time ” . The book came out in a folio edition with coloured lithographs illustrating British stained glass windows from the 11th to the 15th centuries . However Warrington expressed his dislike of the glass of the centuries that followed as being `` a misconception and misapplication of this art . ''
Among Warrington 's significant commissions was the tiered arrangement of windows for the Eastern Apse of Norwich Cathedral . He also designed for Ely Cathedral , where his work may still be seen , both installed and on display in the Stained Glass Museum .
After Warrington 's death in 1869 , the firm continued until 1875 .
Style
Warrington was able to reproduce closely the geometric and foliate backgrounds of the 13th century and create pictorial rondels composed of small pieces of glass that gave a similar impression to the Medieval originals , though tending to let through more light and have less luminosity , because the nature of the glass was less flawed and therefore less refractive . Warrington 's windows often contain a background comprising a distinctive pattern of little red and blue diagonal checks which was copied from medieval originals .
Many of Warrington 's Gothic Revival windows have a pleasant simplicity about them , the stylised foliage which takes up much of the window space being less heavy in appearance than some of his rivals , such as Clutterbuck , and based more closely upon recognisable plants .
The balance and arrangements of pictorial scenes within their formal background shows Warrington as a much more skilful designer than his teacher Willement , in whose windows the overall arrangement has a fairly arbitrary quality . Warrington 's figurative painting strives towards the Medieval in its forms , which are somewhat elongated and elegant , with simply-painted drapery falling in deep folds in such a way that line and movement is emphasised in the pictorial composition . His painting of the details , particularly of faces , is both masterly and exquisite . Towards the end of his career he also designed windows in a more painterly and less Gothic manner to suit changing tastes .
Buildings containing windows by Warrington
Ely Cathedral and also in the Stained Glass Museum at Ely Cathedral .
St Mary 's College Oscott , near Birmingham - windows of saints designed by Pugin , made by Warrington , 1838 .
St. Mary 's R.C . Church , Sutton Coldfield , West Midlands - windows designed by Pugin , made by Warrington , 1838 .
St Mary , Salehurst - a large 5 light West Windows showing Christ before Pilate , Christ carrying the Cross , the Crucifixion , Noli me tangere and Ascension .
St. Margaret 's Church , Addington , Kent - the East window , 3 lights of the Ascension
St George 's , Brede , Sussex - has three windows
All Saints ' , Lindfield , Sussex - has three windows .
St Andrew 's , Hove - 2 windows , the Raising of Lazarus and the Raising of Jairus ' Daughter .
St John 's , Deptford - one window , Presentation in the Temple .
Norwich Cathedral - The windows of the Apsidal Eastern End .
Thornton College , Buckinghamshire - figurative , decorative and armorial windows .
Basilica Cathedral of St. John the Baptist , St. John 's , Newfoundland and Labrador , Canada - 7 windows
Presentation Convent , Cathedral Square , St. John 's , Newfoundland and Labrador , Canada - 2 windows in Oratory Chapel , 1 window ( three lights ) in central hall
St Peter 's , Heversham , Cumbria - 5 light East windows of Jesus and the Gospel writers .
Lissadell Parish Church , Church of Ireland - a number of windows by Warrington
St Mary Magdalene , Albrighton , Wolverhampton . Signed window in south chancel
St. Anne 's Chapel ( Fredericton ) has a triplet window by Warrington in the chancel
St. John 's Horninglow , Burton on Trent - five-light east window illustrative of the life of St. John the Evangelist . Given by Mr. H. E. Smith , Shelbrook House , Ashby de la Zouch
Mount St Bernard Abbey , Coalville , Leicestershire - quatrefoil window in original nave
All Saints Church , Leamington Spa ( Leamington Priors ) - two South Aisle windows ( St James the Great , St John the Evangelist ) . St Peter missing since 1903 . South Apse and South Chancel Clerestory 13 scenes of the life of Jesus re-set 1900 from original West window ; one scene , Christ before Pilate , is missing .
Other Early 19th century studios
Thomas Willement
William Wailes
Charles Edmund Clutterbuck
Hardman & Co .
See also
Stained glass
Stained glass - British glass , 1811-1918
Victorian Era
Gothic Revival
References
Painton Cowen , A Guide to Stained Glass in Britain , 1985 , Michael Joseph ,
Elizabeth Morris , Stained and Decorative Glass , Doubleday ,
Sarah Brown , Stained Glass- an Illustrated History , Bracken Books ,
Simon Jenkins , England 's Thousand Best Churches , Allen Lane , the Penguin Press ,
John Harvey , English Cathedrals , Batsford , 1961 , ISBN unknown
Robert Eberhard , Church Stained Glass Windows ,
Cliff and Monica Robinson , Buckinghamshire Stained Glass ,
English stained glass artists and manufacturers
1796 births
1869 deaths
History of glass
Coamo Arriba is a barrio in the municipality of Coamo , Puerto Rico . Its population in 2010 was 391 .
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States . In 1899 , the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico , and found that the population of Coamo Arriba barrio was 1,223 .
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
References
External links
Barrios of Coamo , Puerto Rico
Emmanuel Jamaal ' E.J . ' Burt ( born October 22 , 1977 ) is a former American football defensive lineman .
Early life
Emmanuel Jamaal Burt was born in Akron , Ohio .
College career
Burt enrolled in the University of Akron , and played football there during the 1996 and 1997 seasons . In 1998 , he transferred to West Liberty State , and played in their team as well . He was named Conference Player of the Year in both 1999 and 2000 , as well Division II All-American for both seasons . He still holds several records for the team , including record sacks in a year ( 48 ) , record sacks in a season ( 17 ) and number of career tackles for a loss ( 83.5 ) . He graduated from West Liberty in 2000 , with a bachelor 's degree in Graphic Design .
Professional football career
National Indoor Football League
Burt played for the Ohio Valley Greyhounds team , in the National Indoor Football League , for the 2001 season .
Arena Football 2 League
In 2002 , Burt played for the Cape Fear Wildcats , a North Carolina team in the Arena Football 2 League . At the end of the season , he was named All-Arena Football 2 League Player , and Arena Football 2 League Lineman of the Year .
Arena Football League
Orlando Predators
Burt was signed for the 2003 season of the Orlando Predators . He played 16 games of the season , alternating between the Offensive and Defensive Lineman positions . His notable stats for the season were 31 tackles , 9.5 sacks , and causing 8 forced fumbles . At the end of the season , head coach Fran Papasedero said about Burt : With his tremendous quickness , I felt defense would not be a problem . Offensively , he had pretty good feet , he just did n't know how to use them . I felt if we brought him along slowly , he would have a chance to contribute . As it turned out , we looked like geniuses for signing him , but honestly , we had our doubts just like everyone else . Burt was one of three Predators players who were voted into the AFL 's All-Rookie Team at the end of the season .
At the end of the 2003 season , the Predators offered Burt an additional two-year contract to remain with them , which he signed . In the news release regarding this , Burt was called `` one of the great “ rags to riches ” stories in the AFL . '' In the 2004 season , he again played in 16 games for the Predators , again in both the Offensive and Defensive Lineman positions . His notable stats while there were a total of 19.5 tackles and 6.5 sacks .
In 2005 , he again played 16 games for the team , and was recorded as having 30.5 tackles , 8.5 sacks , five forced fumbles and four pass break ups . At the end of the season , he was named Second Team All-Arena .
Philadelphia Soul
At the end of the 2005 season , Burt became a free agent . He was signed with the Philadelphia Soul , and played for them for the 2006 season . He played in 16 games with the Soul , and was credited with 8 tackles and 4.5 sacks .
Chicago Rush
Burt was signed by the Chicago Rush for the 2007 season . During the season , he had a total of 21.5 total tackles , 6 sacks , five pass break ups and four forced fumbles .
Utah Blaze
Burt was signed by the Utah Blaze for the 2008 Season . As of January 2008 , he was ranked 12th on the AFL 's all-time list for sacks in a career . His notable stats for the 2008 season were 5 tackles , 2 sacks and one forced fumble .
References
External links
Utah Blaze bio page
AFL stats
1977 births
Living people
Players of American football from Akron , Ohio
American football defensive linemen
Akron Zips football players
Cape Fear Wildcats players
Orlando Predators players
Philadelphia Soul players
Chicago Rush players
Utah Blaze players
West Liberty Hilltoppers football players
Ohio Valley Greyhounds players
Kemal Özçelik ( 3 May 1922 – 9 August 2020 ) was a Turkish equestrian who competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics .
References
1922 births
2020 deaths
Turkish male equestrians
Olympic equestrians of Turkey
Equestrians at the 1956 Summer Olympics
Phtheochroa imitana is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae . It is found in eastern Turkey .
References
Moths described in 1992
Phtheochroa
Ghost shrimp is a name applied to at least three different kinds of crustacean :
Thalassinidea , crustaceans which live in deep burrows in the intertidal zone
Caprellidae , amphipods with slender bodies more commonly known as `` skeleton shrimps ''
Feeder shrimp ( glass shrimp ) : Palaemonetes , small mostly transparent shrimp commonly sold for use in freshwater aquaria
See also
Ghostshrimp ( born 1980 ) , pseudonym of Dan James , American graphic artist
Animal common name disambiguation pages
The Viscounts of Altamira were a family of the Spanish nobility .
Genealogy
First Generation
D. Juan de Bivero
Married Dª María de Soto
Their Children were :
Second Generation
D. Pedro de Bivero .
Mayor Pérez de Vivero
Married Gonzalo Pérez de Vaamonde . : * They had three sons
D. Alonso Pérez de Vivero
Born in the parish of San Esteban de Valle ( currently part of the Council of O Vicedo - Lugo )
Married Dª Inés de Guzmán
Widow of the Count of Trastamara
Daughter of Gil Gómez Davila , Lord of Cespedosa y de Puente del Congosto , and of Dª Aldonza de Guzmán
Alonso 's father died when he was very young and his mother raised him as an Hidalgo
At the age of 15 he marched to Castilla and became a page for D. Álvaro de Luna , Constable of Castile , Grand Master of the military order of Santiago , and favorite of King John II of Castile
Later in life he assumed the roles of Secretary and Contador Mayor of the King
Lord of Villajuán y Fuensaldaña
Created in Valladolid the Palacio de los Vivero - where the Royal Foreign Ministry and the Territorial Audience where located
Created the Castle of Fuensaldaña , near by Valladolid , where his crest lies ; On a golden background , 3 plants of ivy in their natural colour , each with 7 leaves , mounted over rocks out at sea , and blue and white waves .
From him descended the Viscounts of Altamira , the Counts of Fuensaldaña , the Counts of Grajal , the Marquises of Alcañices , and other illustrious families that bear the name ( V ) Bivero
Alonso and Inés founded the mayorazgo ( entailed estate ) 2 December 1452
They had three children :
Third Generation
Gonzalo de Vivero . He was Chaplain of St. Mary 's Cathedral in Lugo , and was Prelado alongside don García Martínez Vaamonde , he was later elevated to Bishop of Salamanca in 1446 . He died on 29 January 1480 .
Vasco Pérez de Vivero . Captain for King D. Fernando y Dª . Isabel . In 1497 he was Mayor of the Fortress of A Coruña .
D. Juan de Bivero . First born . 1st Viscount of Altamira . The title was bestowed upon him in 1467 by the King Henry IV of Castile .
He married 14 April 1456 to Dª . María de Acuña . Daughter of D. Pedro de Acuña , 1st Count of Buendía , and Ines Herrera . Nephew of the Archbishop of Toledo , D. Alonso Carrillo .
He held the seat of the Biveros , until , on 15 June 1465 , King Henry IV stripped him of his title , by Royal Decree signed in Zamora . Henry IV then gave the seat of the Biveros to Perdo Pardo de Cela on 27 June . He was Contador of Henry IV , Commandor General , Lord of Cabezón , in Valladolid . They had the following children ;
4 . D. Gil González de Vivero y Davila
5 . D. Lope
6 . D. Francisco
7 . D. Alonso de Vivero
8 . Dª Aldonza de Vivero . Married to D. Gabriel Manrique . First Count of Osorno
9 . Dª María de Vivero y Soto . Casó con D. Luis de Tobar . Señor de Berlanga y Astudillo
10 . Dª Isabel de Vivero
11 . Dª Inés de Vivero . Married to D. Diego Pérez de Osorio , Lord of Villacís and Cervantes .
After the death of his father , the king , he was given the seat of the Biveros . The Biveros were not in agreement with this , and they took up arms and fought within the walls of the estate , killing one son of Dª . Inés in the battle .
From this marriage came the Counts of Villanueva de Cañedo .
This battle forced the King to revoke the Decree of Zamora , signed in 1465 , and attributed the seat of the Biveros back to its original Lords .
12 . Dª Mariana
13 . Dª Catalina de Vivero
Fourth Generation
Alonso Pérez de Bivero ( 1458 - 1509 ) . Second Viscount of Altamira . Promoter of the construction of the Castle of Fuensaldaña ( Valladolid ) .
Was married in first instance to Elvira Bazán .
In second instance , María Manrique de Benavides . They had the following children ;
Juana de Acuña . Married to Martín de Acuña . Son of Juan de Acuña , III Count of Valencia , Gijón y Pravia y Teresa Enríquez . Lord of Matadion . They had three children .
Fifth Generation
1 . Juan Pérez de Bivero . 3rd Viscount of Altamira .
2 . Antonio de Acuña . Lord of Matadión . With succession .
3 . Fernando de Acuña . Lord of Villafañe . With succession .
4 . Antonia de Acuña . Married to Fernando Niño de Castro . Marques of Valladolid .
5 . Ines de Acuña .
Sixth Generation
Alonso Pérez de Bivero . IV Viscount of Altamira .
Married to María de Mercado . From Madrigal de las Altas Torres ( Ávila ) . Daughter of Juan de Mercado , from Madrigal , Knight of the Order of Santiago .
They were succeeded by :
Seventh Generation
Juan de Bivero y Mercado . V Vizconde of Altamira . King Felipe II bestowed upon him the title of Count of Fuensaldaña .
Married to Magdalena de Borja . Lady of the House of Loyola . Nephew of Francis Borgia . They had no children .
Their successors were : D. Juan Esteban Pérez de Bivero Garcia de Quevedo , of the branch of D. Gil González de Bivero Y Davila ( Counts of Davila ) . VI Viscount of Altamira . In the year 1583 he was the 2nd count of Fuensaldaña . His titles were then inherited by D. Alonso Pérez de Bivero Garcia de Quevedo , that continues on the line today .
Notes
References
Juan Donapétry Iribarnégaray Historia de Vivero y su Concejo . ( Summary of chapters III and XIV )
Viscounts of Spain
Altamira
LanSchool is a classroom management software owned by Lenovo and focused on school environments . The company is based in Research Triangle Park , North Carolina , and was founded as LanFan Technologies in February 1986 . Two versions of the software are available : LanSchool Classic , the locally hosted version , and LanSchool Air , the cloud-based version . Both versions enable teachers to monitor students ' screens while in class , limit the websites students may visit , “ push ” a website to open on all classroom devices , and message the class .
Technology
LanSchool 's locally hosted software uses a proprietary remote desktop protocol that communicates over a local area network via TCP and UDP . A console application is installed on the teacher 's computer , which communicates peer-to-peer with a software agent running on the pupils ' computers . LanSchool can function on the Windows , macOS , Chrome OS , iOS , and Android operating systems .
LanSchool Air is delivered as a cloud-based software , accessible through the teacher and students ' browsers and managed by Lenovo Software . It is compatible with Windows , macOS , and Chrome OS operating systems .
History
Originally named LanFan Technologies , the company was founded in February 1986 when Dana Doggett began exploring the concept of a software application that would allow an instructor to control multiple computers .
Doggett developed a software tool called PC Chalkboard that was then implemented by Novell . PC Chalkboard allowed Novell lab instructors to broadcast their screens to each PC in the lab . LanSchool was licensed by both Intel and IBM and actively marketed through each company 's education sales channel . In April 2001 , Doggett left Intel and formed a new company , LanSchool Technologies , LLC , where he could work on LanSchool full-time .
Acquisitions
LanSchool was acquired by Stoneware in 2011 . In September 2012 , Lenovo announced the acquisition of Stoneware which was completed on December 26 , 2012 .
Security
There have been cases of students being able to exploit the LanSchool software to bypass restrictions , and in some cases take control of other student computers . A 2006 post on CompSci.ca details the packet structure of older versions of the software , and claims there was no encryption or similar precautions . This issue was confirmed to have been caught and fixed in the same post the following year .
Product Features
Some of the product features included in LanSchool are :
Cross platform support for Windows , macOS , Chrome OS , iOS , and Android operating systems ,
Thumbnail view allows teachers to view each pupil 's screen ,
Detail view allows teachers to see detailed information on each pupil 's session/history ,
Keystroke monitoring ( if enabled by the school ) can report on weeks of pupil use with actual keystroke history ,
Screen snapshot capability allows teachers to document screen , user , time , date , and other information ,
Internet history shows a list of websites visited by a user ,
Running programs view shows all programs running on a pupil 's machine , even if minimized ,
Polling and quizzing capabilities enable teachers to ask interactive questions or administer quizzes ,
Screen broadcasting enables students or teachers to share their screen with the entire class , and
Whitelisting and blacklisting of websites/programs helps teachers and IT teams control bandwidth usage and implement security policies .
See also
Employee monitoring software
Computer surveillance
Computer Lab
References
Educational software
Remote administration software
Surveillance
Dąbie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Modliborzyce , within Janów Lubelski County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland . It lies approximately north-west of Modliborzyce , north-west of Janów Lubelski , and south of the regional capital Lublin .
References
Villages in Janów Lubelski County
The Steenkampsberg is a mountain range situated south of Fraserburg in the Northern Cape , South Africa . It was named for Willem Steenkamp , an early settler in the area . The mountain constitutes a section of the central Nuweveldberge in the Great Escarpment . Its highest point is Salpeterkop ( not identical with Salpeterkop near Sutherland ) , which reaches 1,852 metres , and overlooks the Teekloof Pass . Salpeterkop is composed of prominently inclined sheets of dolerite . The Steenkampsberg and Klipkraal-se-Berg enclose a basin which is drained by the Soutrivier .
See also
Steenkampsberg , Mpumalanga
Teekloof Formation
References
Landforms of the Northern Cape
Mountain ranges of South Africa
Super Bock Super Rock is a music festival in Portugal , organized yearly since 1995 . The festival has been held in various places throughout the years .
1995
The first edition was held on 8 and 9 July 1995 at the Gare Marítima de Alcântara , in Lisbon .
1996
The second edition was held between 21 and 23 June 1996 at the Passeio Marítimo de Alcântara , in Lisbon .
1997
The third edition was held on 4 and 5 July 1997 , at the Passeio Marítimo de Algés , in Algés , Oeiras .
1998
The fourth edition was held on 31 July and 1 August 1997 , at the Praça Sony in Lisbon , during the Expo '98 World 's Fair .
2004
In its 10th edition , Super Bock Super Rock returned to the open-air festival format . It was held between 9 and 11 June 2004 , at Parque Tejo , in Lisbon .
2005
The 11th edition was held between 27 and 29 May 2005 , at Parque Tejo , in Lisbon .
2006
The 12th edition was held on 25 and 26 May , and 7 and 8 June 2005 , at Parque Tejo , in Lisbon .
2007
The 13th edition was held on 28 June and between 3 and 5 July 2007 , at Parque Tejo , in Lisbon .
2008
The 14th edition of Super Bock Super Rock was held in July 2008 , once again in more than one city . It was held at Estádio do Bessa in Porto on 4 and 5 July 2008 , and at Parque Tejo in Lisbon on 9 and 10 July 2008 .
2009
The 15th edition of Super Bock Super Rock had a format similar to the previous year . It took place on 5 July 2009 , at the Estádio do Bessa , and in Lisbon on 18 July 2009 , at the Estádio do Restelo .
2010
The 16th edition of Super Bock Super Rock was the first to be held at the Herdade do Cabeço da Flauta , near the Meco beach , in Sesimbra . It took place on 16 , 17 and 18 July 2010 . There were 3 stages at the event : Palco Super Bock , Palco EDP and @ Meco .
2014
The 20th edition took place at the Herdade do Cabeço da Flauta , near the Meco beach , in Sesimbra , between 16 and 19 July 2014 .
2015
The 21st edition took place at Parque das Nações , in Lisbon , between 16 and 18 July 2015 .
2016
The 22nd edition took place at Parque das Nações , in Lisbon , on 14 , 15 and 16 July 2016 .
2017
The 23rd edition took place at Parque das Nações , in Lisbon , on 13 , 14 and 15 July 2017 .
2018
The 24th edition took place at Parque das Nações , in Lisbon , on 19 , 20 and 21 July 2018 .
2019
The 25th edition took place at the Herdade do Cabeço da Flauta , near the Meco beach , in Sesimbra , between 18 and 20 July 2019 .
Cancelled years ( 2020-2021 )
The 26th edition of Super Bock Super Rock was scheduled to take place on 16 , 17 and 18 July 2020 , at the Herdade do Cabeço da Flauta . On 15 May 2020 , Música no Coração announced that the 26th edition would be postponed to 2021 due to the Portuguese government 's decision to prohibit all large-scale events in the country until 30 September 2020 , amid the COVID-19 pandemic .
The 26th edition was then planned to take place between 15 and 17 July 2021 , in the same location , with all tickets bought for the 2020 edition still valid for the new dates . On 31 May 2021 , Música do Coração once again announced the postponement of the festival , justifying the decision with the disruption in international travel still in effect due to the COVID-19 pandemic , which forced many of the scheduled international artists to postpone their tours to 2022 .
References
Super Bock Super Rock
Music festivals in Portugal
Bagalgrom ( also known as Mumar ) is a village in the Bashgal Valley of Nuristan , Afghanistan .
Bagalgrom is the primary village of the Mumo tribe . Their language is Mumviri , a dialect of the Kamkata-viri language . The 1911 Encyclopædia Britannica referred to Bagalgrom as `` chief village of the Madugal kaffirs ''
References
Populated places in Nuristan Province
The Best of John Scofield is a compilation album by jazz musician John Scofield . All tracks except `` Tom Thumb '' ( previously unreleased ) can be found on Scofield recordings during his tenure on Blue Note Records from November 1989 until June 1995 .
Musicians
This John Scofield album consists of John Scofield , Pat Metheny , Bill Frisell ( guitar ) ; Joe Lovano , Eddie Harris ( tenor saxophone ) ; Howard Johnson ( tuba ) ; Randy Brecker ( trumpet ) ; Charlie Haden , Dennis Irwin , Marc Johnson ( bass ) ; Don Alias ( percussion ) ; Joey Baron , Jack DeJohnette , Idris Muhammad , Bill Stewart ( drums ) .
Track listing
`` So Sue Me ''
`` Flower Power ''
`` Big Fan ''
`` Camp Out ''
`` Call 911 ''
`` You Bet ''
`` Message To My Friend ''
`` Tom Thumb '' - ( previously unreleased )
`` Do Like Eddie ''
`` Kool ''
References
Post-bop albums
Albums produced by Michael Cuscuna
Albums produced by Bob Belden
1996 greatest hits albums
John Scofield compilation albums
Blue Note Records compilation albums
Mackenzie W. Mathis , is an American neuroscientist and principal investigator at the École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne . Her lab investigates adaptive mechanisms in biological and artificial intelligence to inform adaptive AI systems and translational research in neurological diseases .
Early life and education
Mathis conducted her undergraduate education at the University of Oregon receiving a bachelors of science in 2007 . She then worked as a senior research technician and lab manager at the Project A.L.S . Laboratory for Stem Cell Research at Columbia University from 2007 to 2012 . Working under the mentorship of Dr. Christopher E. Henderson and Dr. Hynek Wichterle , Mathis modelled amyotrophic lateral sclerosis ( A.L.S . ) using stem cell-derived motor neurons . During her time in the lab , she published two first author scientific papers , one in the Journal of Neuroscience which offered a novel protocol for generating human limb-innervating neural subtypes in vitro for use in neurological disease research , and the other in Nature Biotechnology on benchmarking iPS stem cell lines ability to make motor neurons . Mathis then moved to Boston and joined the graduate program in molecular and cellular biology ( MCB ) at Harvard University . On her way to completing her PhD , she also completed a master 's degree . During her PhD , Mathis conducted research on the neural circuits underlying reward prediction errors under the mentorship of Professor Naoshige Uchida at the Harvard Center for Brain Science . In her first year as a graduate student , Mathis received an National Science Foundation Fellowship to fund her graduate research . Mathis was able to merge her interests in motor control with Uchida 's expertise in neural recordings and behavioral analysis to forge a new scientific direction in the lab and publish a first author paper in Neuron by the end of her PhD regarding the essential role played by the somatosensory cortex in forelimb motor adaptation in rodents . Near the end of her PhD Mathis was awarded the Rowland Fellowship which provided five years of funding to start her own lab at Harvard 's Rowland Institute in Cambridge , MA . Prior to founding the Mathis Lab at Harvard , Mathis was also awarded the Women & the Brain ( WATB ) Fellowship for Advancement in Brain Science which provided her with the funding to work in Germany in the summer of 2017 under the mentorship of Professor Matthias Bethge at the University of Tübingen . In her postdoctoral work , Mathis focused on pioneering deep learning tools for neural and behavioral analysis which served as a critical step towards her independent career .
Career and research
In 2017 , Mathis started her lab at the Rowland Institute at Harvard University with a goal of reverse engineering neural circuits that drive adaptive motor behavior . Through large-scale neural recordings and building novel robotic and machine learning tools , the Mathis Lab probes neural circuits and analyzes behavioral outputs to better understand how brain function relates to behavior . Mathis is dedicated to the concept of open science and as such , the novel deep learning tool she designed is open access such that researchers worldwide have access to the code in order to use this tool to analyze animal behaviors in an unbiased and precise way to inform a better understanding of how neural activity drives specific behaviors . The deep learning tool designed by Mathis is called DeepLabCut which relies on transfer learning to optimize an existing trained neural network to a desired new dataset after sufficient training . Mathis has shown the versatility of this tool on many diverse datasets highlighting the robust design and potential for wide use in fields even beyond neuroscience . Her work has been featured in Nature , Bloomberg Business Week , and The Atlantic .
As of August 2020 , Mathis moved to the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology , working within the Brain Mind Institute , Center for Intelligent Systems & Center for Neuroprosthetics as a tenure-track Professor . The lab is hosted at the Campus Biotech in Geneva , Switzerland , where Mathis holds the Bertarelli Foundation Chair of Integrative Neuroscience .
Awards and honors
2022 : FENS EJN Young Investigator Prize
2020 : Bertarelli Foundation Chair of Integrative Neuroscience
2019 - 2023 : CZI Essential Open Source Software for Science - grant for DeepLabCut
2019 - : ELLIS Society Fellow , Natural Intelligence
2018 : Mind , Brain & Behavior Harvard University Faculty Award
2018 : eLife Travel Grant Award Winner
2017 : NVIDIA GPU Grant
2017 - 2022 : Rowland Fellowship
2017 : Women & the Brain Fellowship for Advancement of Neuroscience
2013 - 2018 : National Science Foundation Graduate Research Fellowship Life Sciences – Neuroscience
2013 , '14 , '16 : Harvard University Certificate of Distinction in Teaching ( MCB80 , MCB145 )
2014 : Dr. Ernest Peralta Fund Award for Best Qualifying Exam proposal & defense , Harvard
2012 - 2013 : Morris E. Zukerman Graduate Fellowship - awarded to top students in brain sciences at Harvard GSAS
Publications
Personal life
Mathis is married to neuroscientist Dr. Alexander Mathis who is an assistant professor at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology .
References
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
American neuroscientists
University of Oregon alumni
Harvard University alumni
Harvard University faculty
École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne faculty
Toss bombing ( sometimes known as loft bombing , and by the U.S. Air Force as the Low Altitude Bombing System , LABS ) is a method of bombing where the attacking aircraft pulls upward when releasing its bomb load , giving the bomb additional time of flight by starting its ballistic path with an upward vector .
The purpose of toss bombing is to compensate for the gravity drop of the bomb in flight , and allow an aircraft to bomb a target without flying directly over it . This is to avoid overflying a heavily defended target , or to distance the attacking aircraft from the blast effects of a nuclear ( or conventional ) bomb .
Bomb tactics
Pop-up
In pop-up bombing , the pilot approaches from low altitude in level flight , and on cues from the computer pulls up at the last moment to release the bomb . Release usually occurs between 20° and 75° above the horizontal , causing the bomb to be tossed upward and forward , much like an underarm throw of a ball .
Level toss
Although `` pop-up '' bombing is generally characterized by its low-level approach , the same technique of a toss starting from level flight can be used at any altitude when it is not desirable to overfly the target . Additional altitude at release gives the bomb additional time of flight and range , at the cost ( in the case of unguided munitions ) of accuracy due to windage and the increased effect of a slight deviation in flight path .
Dive toss
The Dive-toss delivery technique was the first `` toss '' bombing method developed after WWII at the US Navy 's rocket development center at Inyokern , California in 1947 as a method to attack heavily defended targets without unduly endangering the attacking aircraft . Although toss bombing might seem the direct opposite to dive bombing , where the plane pitches downward to aim at its target , toss bombing is often performed with a short dive before the bomber raises its nose and releases its bomb . This variant is known as `` dive tossing '' . This gives both the bomb and aircraft extra momentum , thereby helping the aircraft regain altitude after the release , and also ensuring that airspeed at the calculated release point is still sufficient to get the bomb to the target .
Over-the-shoulder
A more dynamic variant of toss bombing , called over-the-shoulder bombing , or the LABS ( Low Altitude Bombing System ) maneuver ( known to pilots as the `` idiot 's loop '' ) , is a particular kind of loft bombing where the bomb is released past the vertical so it is tossed back toward the target . This tactic was first made public on 7 May 1957 at Eglin AFB , when a B-47 entered its bombing run at low altitude , pulled up sharply ( 3.5 g ) into a half loop , releasing its bomb under automatic control at a predetermined point in its climb , then executed a half roll , completing a maneuver similar to an Immelmann turn or Half Cuban Eight . The bomb continued upward for some time in a high arc before falling on a target which was a considerable distance from its point of release . In the meantime , the maneuver had allowed the bomber to change direction and distance itself from the target .
Author and retired USAF F-84 pilot Richard Bach describes such an attack in his book Stranger to the Ground :
The last red-roofed village flashes below me , and the target , a pyramid of white barrels , is just visible at the end of its run-in line . Five hundred knots . Switch down , button pressed . Timers begin their timing , circuits are alerted for the drop . Inch down to treetop altitude . I do not often fly at 500 knots on the deck , and it is apparent that I am moving quickly . The barrels inflate . I see that their white paint is flaking . And the pyramid streaks beneath me . Back on the stick smoothly firmly to read four G on the accelerometer and center the needles of the indicator that is only used in nuke weapon drops and center them and hold it there and I 'll bet those computers are grinding their little hearts out and all I can see is sky in the windscreen hold the G 's keep the needles centered there 's the sun going beneath me and WHAM .
My airplane rolls hard to the right and tucks more tightly into her loop and strains ahead even though we are upside down . The Shape has released me more than I have released it . The little white barrels are now six thousand feet directly beneath my canopy . I have no way to tell if it was a good drop or not . That was decided back with the charts and graphs and the dividers and the angles . I kept the needles centered , the computers did their task automatically , and the Device is on its way .
Tactical use
Toss bombing is generally used by pilots whenever it is not desirable to overfly the target with the aircraft at an altitude sufficient for dive-bombing or level bombing . Such cases include heavy anti-air defenses such as AAA and SAMs , when deploying powerful weapons such as `` iron bombs '' or even tactical nuclear bombs , and the use of limited-aspect targeting devices for guided munitions .
To counter air defenses en route to the target , remaining at a low altitude for as long as possible allows the bomber to avoid radar and visual tracking and the launch envelope of older missile systems designed to be fired at targets overflying the missile site . However , a level pass at the target at low altitude will not only expose the aircraft to short-range defenses surrounding the target , but will place the aircraft in the bomb 's blast radius . By executing a `` pop-up '' loft , on the other hand , the pilot releases the munition well outside the target area , out of range of air defenses . After release , the pilot can either dive back to low altitude or maintain the climb , in either case generally executing a sharp turn or `` slice '' away from the target . The blast produced by powerful munitions is thus ( hopefully ) avoided .
The value of toss-bombing was increased with the introduction of precision-guided munitions such as the laser-guided bomb . Previous `` dumb bombs '' required a very high degree of pilot and fire control computer precision to loft the bomb accurately to the target . Unguided loft bombing also generally called for the use of a larger bomb than would be necessary for a direct hit , in order to generate a larger blast that would destroy the target even if the bomb did not hit accurately due to windage or computer/pilot error . Laser-targeting ( and other methods like GPS as used in the JDAM system ) allows the bomb to correct minor deviations from the intended ballistic path after it has been released , making toss-bombing as accurate as level bombing while still providing most of the advantages of toss-bombing using unguided munitions . However , the targeting pods used to deliver guided munitions generally have a limit to their field of view ; most specifically , the pod usually can not look behind the aircraft at more than a certain angle . Lofting the bomb allows the pilot to keep the target in front of the aircraft and thus within the targeting pod 's field of view for as long as possible .
`` Dive-tossing '' is generally used at moderate altitude ( to allow for the dive ) when the target , for whatever reason , can not be designated precisely by radar . A target for instance may present too small a signature to be visible on radar ( such as the entrance to an underground bunker ) or may be indistinguishable in a group of radar returns . The pilot can in this case use a special `` boresight '' mode that allows the pilot to designate a target by pointing his aircraft directly at it . For a target on the ground , this means entering a dive . Thus designated , the pilot can then begin a climb , lofting the bomb at the target from a distance and regaining lost altitude at the same time .
Technology
Due to the intense pilot workload involved with flying and entering the window of opportunity , some aircraft are equipped with a “ Toss Bomb Computer ” ( in US nuclear delivery , a part of the Low Altitude Bombing System ) that enables the pilot to release the bomb at the correct angle . The Toss Bomb Computer takes airspeed inputs from the aircraft 's pitot system , altitude inputs from the static system , attitude inputs from the gyroscopic system and inputs from weapons selectors signifying the type of bomb to calculate the appropriate release point of the ordnance . Instead of triggering the release directly , the pilot instead `` consents '' to release the weapon , then begins a steady climb . The computer then calculates the desired ballistic path , and when that path will be produced by the current aircraft attitude and airspeed , the computer releases the bomb . During the Second World War the engineers Erik Wilkenson and Torsten Faxén at Saab developed the first bomb sight for toss bombing . It was a mechanical computer that did the necessary calculations . It was first used in the Saab 17 and was standard on all Saab fighters up to and including Saab 32 Lansen . It was also sold to France , Switzerland , Denmark and USA and was used in for instance the Boeing B-47 Stratojet .
While deployed in Europe with NATO , RCAF CF-104 fighter-bombers carried a Toss Bomb Computer until their nuclear role was eliminated by the Canadian government effective 1 January 1972 .
The same computational solutions used in the LABS system are now incorporated into two of the major bombing modes ( the computer-controlled CCRP and a dedicated visually oriented `` Dive-Toss '' mode ) of the Fire Control Computer of modern strike fighters such as the F-15E and F-16 . As with LABS , the pilot designates their desired impact point , then consents to release while executing a climb , and the computer controls the actual release of the bomb . The integration into the FCC simplifies the pilot 's workload by allowing the same bombing mode ( CCRP ) to be used for level , dive and loft bombing , providing similar cues in the pilot 's displays regardless of the tactics used , since the computer simply sees it as the release point getting closer .
See also
Skip bombing
Tactical bombing
Strategic bombing
Carpet bombing
References
External links
“ Over-the-Shoulder ” Fact Sheet , National Museum of the United States Air Force ( Archive.org )
Aerial bombing
Aerial maneuvers
Samuel Fessenden ( April 12 , 1847 – January 7 , 1908 ) was an American lawyer , politician , and Civil War veteran .
The son of Samuel C. Fessenden , he was born and raised in Maine , where he attended Lewiston Falls Academy ( now Edward Little High School ) . He served in the Union Army during the American Civil War in the Seventh Maine Volunteer Battery , eventually reaching the rank of second lieutenant in the First Maine Volunteer Battery . He later moved to Connecticut and served as a member of the Connecticut House of Representatives and Connecticut Senate . He served as President pro tempore of the Connecticut Senate . He was a state 's attorney for Fairfield County . He was also a candidate for the U.S. Senate and a delegate to multiple Republican National Conventions .
He is best remembered outside of Connecticut for shouting from the floor of the 1896 Republican National Convention at Joseph Manley that `` God Almighty hates a quitter '' when it was becoming apparent that the candidate they were both supporting was n't going to win the nomination .
References
1847 births
1908 deaths
Connecticut Republicans
Connecticut lawyers
People of Maine in the American Civil War
Connecticut state senators
Members of the Connecticut House of Representatives
Fessenden family
People from Fairfield County , Connecticut
Politicians from Auburn , Maine
Presidents pro tempore of the Connecticut Senate
19th-century American politicians
Union Army officers
Doctors have documented numerous cases of insertion of foreign bodies into the urethra , typically as the result of auto-erotic activities . This can result in infections and serious internal bleeding .
A wide variety of solid objects have been reported to have been inserted into the urethra , including batteries , safety pins , straws , and telephone wires . Liquefied objects have also been inserted into the urethra , such as an injection of cocaine ( which , arguably , had harmful results ) .
The Chuck Palahniuk story `` Guts '' , from the novel Haunted , includes the story of a boy in his early teens inserting candle wax into his urethra .
See also
Rectal foreign body
Urethral sounding
Urethral intercourse
References
Urethra disorders
Foreign body
During the nine-year original run of the American science fiction television program The X-Files , a number of stories were proposed but , for a variety of reasons , never fully produced . Below is a list of unmade episodes which were submitted by recognized professional writers , but were not filmed or aired .
Abandoned episode scripts have been discovered from eight of the series ' eleven seasons , while several others have been documented that were intended for unspecified seasons . The reasons for the episodes ' stagnation include the Fox network rejecting ideas , budget-related problems and stories evolving into later-made episodes . In addition , several episode ideas were developed but were completely scrapped after the show 's producers did not show any interest .
The plots of the unmade episodes vary , with many of the proposed entries involving a theme of ghosts . In many cases , according to executive producer Frank Spotnitz , elements of unmade episodes were adapted , or were moved from one episode—or in one case , franchise—to another . For example , a fifth season episode involving an atheist hearing the voice of God was developed into `` Kitsunegari '' , and the proposed story `` Flight 180 '' , written by Jeffrey Reddick was re-written and released as the popular 2000 horror film Final Destination .
Season 1
`` Dark He Was and Golden-Eyed ''
After the success of the series ' first monster-of-the-week episode , `` Squeeze '' , Doug Hutchison , who portrayed the episode 's antagonist Eugene Victor Tooms , wrote a prequel to the episode entitled `` Dark He Was and Golden-Eyed '' and sent it to series creator Chris Carter . Hutchison reportedly loved his role and admitted that “ I was adamant about coming back on the show '' . However , the script was returned unread for legal reasons . Hutchison 's version of Tooms differed significantly from episode writers Glen Morgan and James Wong 's character . Hutchison later explained that he envisioned Tooms as `` an experiment to find out how I could remain so young and immortal ; he was infused with a drug that backfired and ended up escaping the asylum . So now he 's eating livers like M & Ms – he 's on a rampage ! '' He further explained that the abandoned script revealed that Tooms was the incarnation of `` a ravenous , liver-eating Central American Indian God '' . Furthermore , his script featured `` a lot of flashbacks '' as well as a confrontation between Tooms and Dana Scully near the end .
Season 2
Alternative `` Little Green Men '' story
Originally , the season two premiere `` Little Green Men '' was supposed to be written by Chris Carter . In the rough draft of this version , Fox Mulder would have been sent to Moscow . However , Carter ran out of time to create his episode and , instead , assigned Morgan and Wong the task of writing the season opener .
Season 4
Untitled story about Abraham Lincoln 's ghost
During the middle of season four , Morgan and Wong started to write their fourth and final episode for the season before moving on to helm the show 's sister series , Millennium . The story the two developed was a “ sort of Abraham Lincoln 's ghost in the White House type of thing ” . Both writers had desired to write a story where Lincoln 's ghost haunts the White House and Mulder and Scully investigate . Morgan explained that he had `` done a lot of research and I had always wanted to write a feature about Lincoln 's ghost '' . However , due to the massive amounts of rewrites the two were forced to do for `` Musings of a Cigarette Smoking Man '' , both Morgan and Wong lost interest in the story . Morgan explained , `` I felt they did n't want my heart and soul anymore , so I would n't give this one to them '' . The two later crafted `` Never Again '' in its place . Years later , Frank Spotnitz said that he `` always wondered about '' the story and what the finished product would have been like .
Season 5
Original version of `` Christmas Carol ''
During the second week of October 1997 , David Duchovny was scheduled to be away from Vancouver for promotional purposes for the movie Playing God . The producers decided to develop a Scully-centric episode that would be filmed the week Duchovny would be away . With the episode scheduled to air during December , Vince Gilligan , John Shiban , and Frank Spotnitz decided to craft a Christmas episode and put Dana Scully into a situation similar to that of Scrooge in the 1951 British version of A Christmas Carol , starring Alastair Sim . The episode was later completely re-written .
Untitled religion story
Tim Minear pitched an idea for an episode that involved a convicted criminal who happened to be an atheist . While in prison , he would have heard the voice of God , commanding him to kill a truly evil man , and then he would have suddenly found himself mystically transferred out of the prison . Although the police would be after him , only Mulder would believe he was working for the greater good . Minear noted that `` I pitched it and I was going to do it , eventually , until we found ourselves at a point in the year where we needed a script really fast '' . Executive producer Frank Spotnitz suggested to Minear that the `` convicted atheist '' should actually be Robert Modell from the third season episode `` Pusher '' . The script was completely re-written , and became `` Kitsunegari '' .
`` Unsolved Mysteries '' episode
Vince Gilligan developed a cross-over idea while writing an episode during the fifth season ; the script would have involved a story being presented by Robert Stack of the NBC show Unsolved Mysteries , with unknown actors playing Mulder and Scully . This script was later aborted , and Gilligan directed his attention towards writing the episode `` Bad Blood '' .
Season 6
Untitled Tilt-A-Whirl story
Vince Gilligan proposed a story idea featuring a man holding an individual hostage on a Tilt-A-Whirl . Gilligan pitched this idea at several meetings and it soon became a recurring joke . Most of the comments Gilligan received noted that his premise lacked an explicit mystery to investigate and so Gilligan decided that after the ride was shut off , the man 's head would explode . This idea later evolved into `` Drive '' .
Untitled gold mine story
David Amann , after writing his first episode `` Terms of Endearment '' , proposed a story that involved a monster loose in an abandoned gold mine . Frank Spotnitz , the show 's executive producer , did not particularly like the idea of a gold mine , but he enjoyed the concept of a monster loose in an enclosed space . The episode was soon completely re-written into `` Agua Mala ''
Untitled dog stories
Jeffrey Bell developed two separate stories that eventually developed into one single entry : `` Alpha '' . The first was going to be a `` reversal '' of 1963 movie The Incredible Journey , featuring `` a desperate family [ that ] moves three thousand miles to get away from their killer pet—who 's waiting for them at their new house , really pissed '' . The second story idea would feature a child who released his anger through the dogs at a local animal shelter . In this version , the dogs functioned as a manifestation of the child 's id . Bell scrapped both of these ideas because they lacked `` really cool visuals '' .
Season 7
Night of the Living Dead remake
Reportedly , Stephen King , who had penned season five 's `` Chinga '' , wished to write an episode based on George Romero 's cult 1968 zombie film Night of the Living Dead . In addition , Romero was slated to direct the episode . According to Spotnitz , the staff of The X-Files met with both King and Romero and the two showed an interest in producing the episode . Initially , the episode was slated for the seventh season , but it never came to fruition . The season 's fourth episode , `` Millennium '' , did however , deal with the idea of zombies .
Untitled time story
Chip Johannessen , who had formerly been an executive producer on the Carter-created television series Millennium , wrote a draft for The X-Files in which the episode 's main antagonist was a prisoner with the ability to stop time . Executive producers Carter , Frank Spotnitz , and John Shiban found the episode 's premise promising . However , Carter enjoyed the story because it bore stylistic similarities to the first season episode `` Beyond the Sea '' . The concept was eventually re-written completely differently into `` Orison '' .
Season 8
Untitled Mulder abduction story
After the partial departure of Duchovny , Carter decided to focus almost solely on the character of John Doggett during the first half of the season . Duchovny was unhappy because the show never fully examined Mulder 's abduction properly . Reportedly , Duchovny offered to write and direct an episode based around the concept of Mulder being trapped in the alien spaceship , as seen in the season opener `` Within '' and `` Without '' . Carter , however , nixed the idea because `` it was not about Doggett . ''
Unspecified season
Untitled tomb story
James Wong , during an interview to promote The LAX-Files book , revealed that the writers for The X-Files had an idea for `` a story about tombs '' , but Fox `` refused [ to consider ] the [ idea ] . ''
Untitled abortion story
James Wong , during an interview to promote The LAX-Files book , revealed that staff writers Howard Gordon and Alex Gansa had an idea for a story involving abortion , but Fox `` refused [ to consider ] the [ idea ] '' , much like the tomb story . Carter , in a separate interview with Newsweek later claimed that the show was not `` looking to press the limits of anything that is a more hot-button topic , for example , abortion '' .
`` The Song of the Sun ''
Law & Order cameraman D.W. Paone , a fan of the series from its first broadcast , wrote and submitted a freelance script during its early seasons , co-written with author Frank Scoblete . Paone and Scoblete 's script dealt with the ancient astronaut theory , and was concerned with the Egyptian Pharaoh Akhenaten , who , in their script , was presented as an alien who returned to Earth once again in the year 1995 . Paone had chosen to focus on Akhenaton due to his own interest in Egyptology , and was confident that Scoblete 's dialogue was true to the series ' characters . Although they were able to submit the script due to an acquaintance with producer Daniel Sackheim , it was later refused after being read by several producers and writers , including John Shiban , and deemed to be too expensive to produce on an episodic television budget .
`` Flight 180 ''
Screenwriter Jeffrey Reddick wrote a spec script for The X-files in order to get an agent in 1994 . He said , `` I was actually flying home to Kentucky and I read this story about a woman who was on vacation and her mom called her and said 'Do n't take the flight tomorrow , I have a really bad feeling about it ' . She switched flights and the plane that she would have been on crashed . I thought , that 's creepy—what if she was supposed to die on that flight ? '' Reddick 's script featured Scully 's younger brother , Charles , having a premonition of his flight crashing , which prompts Mulder and Scully to investigate the event . While Reddick never submitted the spec script to The X-Files , it was revamped by Reddick as a feature , and coincidentally , X-Files vets James Wong and Glen Morgan were brought on as writers/director and the project became the 2000 horror film Final Destination . Reddick later presented the script to horror website Bloody Disgusting , which uploaded it onto their website on June 16 , 2015 .
`` Crampton ''
In 1998 , Thomas Ligotti and Brandon Trenz submitted a script in which an FBI agent is assassinated by a man who transforms into a mannequin , leading Mulder and Scully to follow a trail of clues to the sinister backwater town of Crampton . The script culminates in the agents witnessing a roaring black void behind a curtain at a magic performance .
References
Footnotes
Bibliography
External links
Unmade episodes
Kosmos 204 ( meaning Cosmos 204 ) , also known as DS-P1-I No.3 was a satellite which was used as a radar target for anti-ballistic missile tests . It was launched by the Soviet Union in 1968 as part of the Dnepropetrovsk Sputnik programme . and had a mass of .
It was launched aboard a Kosmos-2I 63SM rocket , from Site 133/1 at Plesetsk . The launch occurred at 18:28:00 GMT on 5 March 1968 .
Kosmos 204 was placed into a low Earth orbit with a perigee of , an apogee of , an inclination of 70.0° , and an orbital period of 95.9 minutes . It decayed from orbit on 2 March 1969 .
Kosmos 204 was the third of nineteen DS-P1-I satellites to be launched . Of these , all reached orbit successfully except the seventh , launched out of sequence .
See also
1968 in spaceflight
References
Spacecraft launched in 1968
Kosmos 0204
1968 in the Soviet Union
Dnepropetrovsk Sputnik program
The Idaho Public Utilities Commission is a public utilities commission , a quasi-judicial tribunal , which regulates investor-owned or privately owned utilities that provide gas , water , electricity , or telephone service for profit in the U.S. state of Idaho , such as Idaho Power , Intermountain Gas , Qwest , and United Water of Idaho .
The Commission does not regulate utility cooperatives ( owned by customers ) or utilities operated by municipalities .
References
External links
Idaho Public Utilities Commission Website
Idaho
Utilities Commission
The 5th Mississippi Infantry Regiment was a regiment of infantry in the Confederate States Army during the American Civil War . It fought in many battles and campaigns in the American Civil War .
The 5th Mississippi was organized in the fall of 1861 by Albert E. Fant .
Companies
Company A -- Red Rovers ( raised in Monroe County , MS )
Company B -- Bogue Chitto Rangers ( raised in Neshoba County , MS )
Company C -- Lauderdale Springs Greys ( raised in Lauderdale County , MS )
Company D -- New Prospect Greys ( raised in Winston County , MS )
Company E -- Pettus Rebels ( raised in Winston County , MS )
Company F -- Winston Rifles ( raised in Winston County , MS )
Company G -- Barry Guards ( raised in Chickasaw & Choctaw Counties , MS )
Company H -- Noxubee Blues ( raised in Noxubee County , MS )
Company I -- Kemper Rebels , aka Kemper Guards ( raised in Kemper County , MS )
Company K -- Scotland Guards ( raised in Neshoba County , MS )
Battles and campaigns
The 5th Mississippi was organized in the spring of 1861 . The first battle that the 5th fought was at the Battle of Pensacola . The army was surrendered April 26 , 1865 , and paroled at Greensboro , North Carolina .
See also
List of Mississippi Civil War Confederate units
Notes
References
Military Annals of Mississippi : Military Organizations which Entered the Service of the Confederate States of America from the State of Mississippi , by John C. Rietti , Spartanburg , South Carolina : Reprint Company Publishers , 1976
Encyclopedia of Mississippi History , by Dunbar Rowland : Selwyn A. Brant , Publisher , 1907
Military units and formations disestablished in 1865
Military units and formations established in 1861
Units and formations of the Confederate States Army from Mississippi
1861 establishments in Mississippi
205001–205100
|-bgcolor= # f2f2f2
| colspan=4 align=center |
| }
205101–205200
|-bgcolor= # f2f2f2
| colspan=4 align=center |
| }
205201–205300
|-bgcolor= # f2f2f2
| colspan=4 align=center |
| }
205301–205400
|-bgcolor= # f2f2f2
| colspan=4 align=center |
| }
205401–205500
|-id=424
| 205424 Bibracte || || Bibracte , capital of the Haeduans Celtic tribe during the first century B.C and was situated at the Mont Beuvray , Morvan , France ||
| }
205501–205600
|-id=599
| 205599 Walkowicz || || Lucianne Walkowicz ( born 1979 ) , an American astronomer with the Sloan Digital Sky Survey who researches the activity of stellar magnetic fields impacting planetary habitability ||
| }
205601–205700
|-id=698
| 205698 Troiani || || Daniel M. Troiani ( born 1952 ) , an amateur astronomer which is dedicated to planetary observing , especially of Mars ||
| }
205701–205800
|-bgcolor= # f2f2f2
| colspan=4 align=center |
| }
205801–205900
|-bgcolor= # f2f2f2
| colspan=4 align=center |
| }
205901–206000
|-bgcolor= # f2f2f2
| colspan=4 align=center |
| }
References
205001-206000
The Georgia Electronic Insurance Compliance System or GEICS is a database of all motor vehicles and the current liability insurance carried by their drivers in the U.S. state of Georgia .
It was created by the Georgia General Assembly ( the state legislature ) during the 2002 session , to cut down the rate of uninsured motorists . Scheduled to go into effect the following January 1 , the enforcement of the statute was delayed in early 2003 to 2004 because of significant problems with the database , and the proper collection of the information which insurance companies must report for their Georgia policyholders .
When requested by police , GEICS is now the only valid proof of insurance for Georgia drivers stopped in Georgia . Other states do not have instant access to GEICS however , so paper cards must still be issued . Valid paper cards are also required of those from outside the state while driving in Georgia .
The system was run by the Georgia Department of Motor Vehicle Safety ( DMVS ) , now the Department of Driver Services ( DDS ) , and has over 6.7 million vehicles listed . Of those , over 470,000 ( about 7 % ) were listed as uninsured as of November 2003 , a decline from 15 % in previous years . In March 2004 , the DMVS announced that retroactive to the beginning of the year , it would begin issuing citations by mail , demanding a fine of 25 $ from every person who showed as having a lapse in coverage , even for just one day .
References
External links
DDS GEICS regulations
Transportation in Georgia ( U.S. state )
Law enforcement databases in the United States
Auto insurance in the United States
Graham Lake or Graham Lakes may refer to :
People
Graham Lake ( cricketer ) ( born 1935 ) , former English cricketer
Graham Lake , 10th Baronet ( 1923–2013 ) , one of the Lake baronets
Lakes
Graham Lake ( Maine )
Graham Lakes ( Minnesota )
Graham Lakes Township , Nobles County , Minnesota
Graham Lake ( Canada , Ontario , Frontenac County )
Stuart Wilkinson may refer to :
Stuart Wilkinson ( cricketer ) ( born 1942 ) , former English cricketer
Stuart Wilkinson ( rugby league ) ( born 1960 ) , English rugby league football coach and former player
Stuart Wilkinson , drummer for Dumdums and Foregone Conclusion
See also
Wilkinson ( surname )
Norman Ernest Brokenshire ( June 10 , 1898 – May 4 , 1965 ) , nicknamed `` Sir Silken Speech '' , was a familiar radio voice in the 1940s , heard as an announcer on such programs as Theatre Guild on the Air . He was the first radio announcer to break from anonymity and use his name on the air .
His autobiography This Is Norman Brokenshire : An Unvarnished Self-Portrait was published in 1954 .
Early years
Brokenshire was born in Murcheson , Ontario , Canada , to a minister father who preached in remote sections of Canada . After coming to the United States in 1918 , he served in the U.S. Army as an artillery man .
Radio
Brokenshire 's broadcasting career began in 1924 at WJZ , where he immediately attracted attention . The New York Herald Tribune asked , `` Who is this new AON ? He speaks with perfect enunciation and exceptional modulation . '' That same year , he became the first announcer to cover a political convention when he worked the Democrats ' meeting in New York .
In the summer of 1927 , Brokenshire had his own program , A Half Hour with Norman Brokenshire on WPG . By 1929 , he was an announcer for CBS .
Brokenshire was known for his folksy greeting , `` How do you do , ladies and gentlemen , how do you do . ''
By 1947 , he was earning $ 50,000 annually .
Old-time radio programs for which Brokenshire was the announcer included The Chesterfield Hour , Chesterfield Cigarettes Presents `` Music That Satisfies '' ( also known as Chesterfield Time ) , Eddie Cantor 's Follies , Inner Sanctum Mystery , and Major Bowes Amateur Hour .
In 1961 , Brokenshire returned to radio `` after an absence of some years , ... doing commercials on radio station WMMM in Westport , Connecticut '' .
Television
He became an announcer for television in the 1950s and had his own ABC series , The Better Home Show , ( 1951–52 ) offering instruction in home crafts and renovation . He also hosted the syndicated series Handy Man in 1952 .
His wife , Eunice Brokenshire , was a radio program director in the 1920s . His autobiography , This Is Norman Brokenshire , was published in 1954 by David McKay .
Death
Brokenshire died of a stroke May 4 , 1965 . He was survived by his wife .
References
1898 births
1965 deaths
United States Army personnel of World War I
American radio personalities
Canadian emigrants to the United States
People from Nipissing District
Radio and television announcers
G. Michael Morris was president of the Optical Society of America in 2002 .
Morris received his B.S . degree with Special Distinction in Engineering Physics from the University of Oklahoma , and his M.S . and Ph.D. degrees in Electrical Engineering from the California Institute of Technology .
From 1979 to 1982 , Morris was a Scientist in Optics at The Institute of Optics , University of Rochester . From 1982 to 2001 , Morris was a Professor at the Institute of Optics , where he supervised 22 doctoral and 5 masters dissertations .
He co-founded Rochester Photonics Corporation ( RPC ) in 1989 . The firm specialized in the design , prototyping , and manufacturing of diffractive and micro-optics components and subsystems , and was acquired by Corning Incorporated in 1999 . From February 1999 to December 31 , 2002 , Corning Rochester Photonics Corporation functioned as a wholly owned subsidiary of Corning Incorporated .
He founded Apollo Optical Systems LLC on December 31 , 2002 .
In May 2003 , he co-founded RPC Photonics , Inc. , which specializes in the design and development of optical elements and systems for display and illumination applications for commercial products , medical products and government systems .
Morris ' research has spanned a wide variety of topics in statistical optics , optical information processing , automatic pattern recognition and diffractive and micro-optics technology .
He holds 17 U.S. patents , and has published more than 70 referred journal articles , 3 book chapters and numerous conference proceedings . He is the recipient of the 2005 Optical Society of America Joseph Fraunhofer/Robert M. Burley Prize ; the 2002 Rochester Engineering Society 's Leo H. East Engineer of the Year Award ; and the 1997 Rochester Chamber of Commerce Civic Award for Science and Technology . He is also an Honorary Member of the OSA , Rochester Section , and a Fellow of the Optical Society of America and SPIE .
References
External links
Articles Published by early OSA Presidents Journal of the Optical Society of America
See also
Optical Society of America # Past Presidents of the OSA
Presidents of the Optical Society
21st-century American physicists
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Alessandro Bottoni ( born October 13 , 1972 ) is a triathlete from Italy .
Bottoni competed at the first Olympic triathlon at the 2000 Summer Olympics . He took thirty-second place with a total time of 1:51:18.13 .
References
Italian male triathletes
Triathletes at the 2000 Summer Olympics
1972 births
Living people
Olympic triathletes of Italy
The First Lombank Trophy was a motor race , run to Formula One rules , held on 17 September 1960 at Snetterton Motor Racing Circuit , England . The race was run over 37 laps of the circuit , and was won by British driver Innes Ireland in a Lotus 18 .
The field included a large number of Formula Two cars .
Results
A number of other Formula One cars may have been entered for this race but are not confirmed . These were New Zealander George Lawton in a Cooper-Climax , possibly entered by Yeoman Credit Racing ; a second Team Thercel entry ( # 26 ) , a Lotus-Climax driven by British driver Richard Utley ; and two Scuderia Eugenio Castellotti Cooper-Ferraris without named drivers .
References
Results at Silhouet.com
`` The Grand Prix Who 's Who '' , Steve Small , 1995 .
Lombank Trophy
Lombank Trophy
Lombank
Lombank Trophy
Kyzyl Bulyak ( ) is a rural locality ( a village ) in Staromatinsky Selsoviet , Bakalinsky District , Bashkortostan , Russia . The population was 12 as of 2010 . There is 1 street .
Geography
Kyzyl Bulyak is located 21 km northeast of Bakaly ( the district 's administrative centre ) by road . Dubrovka is the nearest rural locality .
References
Rural localities in Bakalinsky District
Sir William Bowes ( 6 January 1657 – 16 January 1707 ) was a British landowner and M.P .
Sir William Bowes Kt . of Streatlam Castle was educated at Trinity College , Cambridge . He was one of the two Members of Parliament for County Durham during the second , third and fourth Parliaments of Charles II , and then again in the second Parliament of William III and first and second Parliaments of Queen Anne . His son George Bowes , later represented the County . Sir William married Elizabeth Blakiston of Gibside on 17 August 1691 . She was the daughter of Sir Francis Blakiston and Ann Bowes who was the great granddaughter of Sir George Bowes of Bradley Hall . From this marriage came much of the wealth of the Bowes ( later Bowes-Lyon ) family as the Gibside estates lay over rich coal seams . The children of Sir William and Lady Bowes were William Blakiston , Thomas ( d. 1722 ) , George , Anne , Elizabeth , Jane and Margaret . George 's daughter ( Sir William 's granddaughter ) was Mary Eleanor Bowes ( 1745–1800 ) – in her day considered to be the `` wealthiest woman in Europe '' .
References
1657 births
1707 deaths
English landowners
Alumni of Trinity College , Cambridge
English MPs 1680–1681
English MPs 1681
English MPs 1695–1698
English MPs 1702–1705
English MPs 1705–1707
MXU may refer to :
Mullewa Airport ( IATA code ) , Australia
Media Extension Unit , a SIMD extension for the MIPS computer architecture
The Speaker of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly is the presiding officer in the Legislative Assembly . The office has existed since the creation of the Legislative Assembly in 1890 under the Constitution Act 1889 . The 31st and current Speaker is Labor MLA Michelle Roberts , who has held the role since the 2021 state election .
The role of the Speaker
The Speaker is elected to the position by a ballot of the members of the Legislative Assembly from among its members after being nominated by the Premier of Western Australia . It is generally a partisan position ; the governing party almost always installs one of its members in the position . As with the other states and territories , the Speaker continues to attend party meetings and stands at general elections as a party candidate , if they are indeed a member of a party . There is no convention that the Speaker should be unopposed for reelection .
On the other hand , the Speaker is not a political figure like those in the United States . The Speaker does not take part in debates in the House , does not vote in the House except in the ( rare ) event of a tied vote , and does not speak in public on party-political issues ( except at election time in his or her own constituency ) .
The Speaker 's principal duty is to preside over the Assembly . The occupant of the Chair must maintain order in the House , uphold the Standing Orders ( rules of procedure ) and protect the rights of backbench members . The Speaker is expected to conduct the business of the House in an impartial manner , and generally does so . The Speaker is assisted by a member-elected Deputy Speaker , who is usually also of the governing party .
List of speakers of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly
Members of the Legislative Assembly were not officially associated with organised parties until 1904 .
See also
President of the Western Australian Legislative Council
References
Speaker of the Legislative Assembly
Western Australia
Bruce William Boxleitner ( born May 12 , 1950 ) is an American actor and science fiction and suspense writer . He is known for his leading roles in the television series How the West Was Won , Bring 'Em Back Alive , Scarecrow and Mrs. King ( with Kate Jackson ) , and Babylon 5 ( as John Sheridan in seasons 2–5 , 1994–98 ) .
He is also known for his dual role as the characters Alan Bradley and Tron in the 1982 Walt Disney Pictures film Tron , a role which he reprised in the 2003 video game Tron 2.0 , the 2006 Square-Enix/Disney crossover game Kingdom Hearts II , the 2010 film sequel , Tron : Legacy and the animated series Tron : Uprising . He co-starred in most of the Gambler films with Kenny Rogers , where his character provided comic relief .
Early life
Boxleitner was born on May 12 , 1950 in Elgin , Illinois . He attended Prospect High School in Mount Prospect , Illinois , and the Goodman School of Drama at the Art Institute of Chicago ( now at DePaul University ) .
Career
Television
Boxleitner is best known for his leading roles in the television series How the West Was Won , Bring 'Em Back Alive , Scarecrow and Mrs. King ( with Kate Jackson and Beverly Garland ) , and Babylon 5 ( as John Sheridan in seasons 2–5 , 1994–98 ) .
He also starred in The Gambler ( as Billy Montana , alongside Kenny Rogers : 1980 , 1983 and 1987 ) and in such TV movies as Judith Krantz 's Till We Meet Again and Danielle Steel 's Zoya . In 2005 , he co-starred as Captain Martin Duvall in Young Blades . He has also starred in several films within the Babylon 5 universe , including Babylon 5 : In the Beginning ( TV , 1998 ) , Babylon 5 : Thirdspace ( TV , 1998 ) , Babylon 5 : A Call to Arms ( TV , 1999 ) , and the direct-to-DVD Babylon 5 : The Lost Tales ( 2007 ) .
Boxleitner has appeared in many other TV shows , including an appearance in 1973 as Rick Welsh , a University of Minnesota Track Star , in the season four episode , `` I Gave at the Office '' in The Mary Tyler Moore Show . Other appearances include Gunsmoke , Tales from the Crypt , Touched by an Angel , The Outer Limits and She Spies , and in 1982 , he played Chase Marshall in the TV film Bare Essence , with Genie Francis . He was a member of the cast of Heroes for seasons three and four , playing New York Governor Robert Malden in three episodes . He also appears on the television series Chuck as the father of Devon Woodcomb . He was in such made-for-television films as The Secret , Hope Ranch , Falling in Love with the Girl Next Door , Pandemic , Sharpshooter and Aces 'N ' Eights .
Boxleitner was a guest-star on NCIS in the fall of 2010 . He played Vice Admiral C. Clifford Chase , a high-ranking Navy official . Boxleitner also lends his voice to the animated version of his iconic character Tron in the animated series Tron : Uprising . The series premiered on Disney XD on June 7 , 2012 . He also reprises the character Alan Bradley/Tron from the films Tron and Tron : Legacy . From 2013 to 2015 , he played Bob Beldon , the owner of the local bed and breakfast , in the Hallmark Channel series Cedar Cove .
Boxleitner later recurred on Supergirl portraying Baker , the Vice-President of the United States who is later sworn in as the new president after Lynda Carter 's character Olivia Marsdin is outed as a Durlan by Mercy Graves and Otis Graves . He gained the role after Brent Spiner stepped down due to a scheduling conflict related to a family matter .
From 2019 , Boxleitner had a recurring role on the Hallmark Movies & Mysteries series of films The Matchmaker Mysteries .
Film
He has also appeared in several films , including Tron ( in which he played the title role ) and The Baltimore Bullet ( 1980 ) with James Coburn . He reprised his role in the Tron sequel Tron : Legacy and in the video game Tron : Evolution which was released alongside the film Tron : Legacy , as he did for sequel video game named Tron 2.0 , and Disney/Square Enix crossover video game Kingdom Hearts II . Boxleitner also voice as Col. John Konrad in video game Spec Ops : The Line . He also starred as Confederate General James Longstreet in the 2003 film Gods and Generals . He provides the voice of Colin Barrow in the animated science fiction horror film Dead Space : Downfall , based on the video game Dead Space . Other films he has been in include Kuffs , The Babe , Brilliant , Snakehead Terror , Legion of the Dead , King of the Lost World , Shadows in Paradise and Transmorphers : Fall of Man .
In 2011 , he officially announced that he will reprise his role as Alan Bradley/Tron in Tron 3 . July 2015 Boxleitner said that he is done with the franchise , as `` it 's been too up and down for me . I would rather not just keep going . I do n't want to repeat my career anymore . ''
Modeling
From 1986 to 1989 , Boxleitner appeared in advertisements for Estee Lauder 's `` Lauder For Men '' .
Novels
Boxleitner is credited as the author of two science fiction novels with a Western setting , Frontier Earth ( 1999 ) and Searcher ( 2001 ) .
Audio books
Boxleitner played a major role in the audio dramatization of The Great Secret , part of the Golden Age of Fiction series by L. Ron Hubbard . He also played Captain Gavin Blaire in the unabridged version of World War Z .
Personal life
Boxleitner 's first marriage ( 1977–1987 ) was to American actress Kathryn Holcomb , who co-starred with him on How The West Was Won as his on-screen sister Laura . They had two sons together : Sam ( born 1980 ) and Lee ( born 1985 ) .
Boxleitner 's second marriage ( 1995–2011 ) was to American actress Melissa Gilbert . They had one son together : Michael ( born 1995 ) . Gilbert also guest-starred as Boxleitner 's on-screen wife , Anna Sheridan , during Season 3 of Babylon 5 . On March 1 , 2011 , Gilbert announced that she and Bruce had separated after 16 years of marriage . On August 25 of the same year the Associated Press reported that , based on court records , Gilbert had filed for divorce .
In 2003 , Boxleitner was appointed to the Board of Governors of the National Space Society , a nonprofit , educational space advocacy organization founded by Dr. Wernher von Braun .
He was friends with actress Beverly Garland for nearly 30 years . He met her on an episode of How The West Was Won , and later co-starred alongside her on 'Scarecrow & Mrs. King ' , though he had very few scenes with her . Then , in 1986 , Boxleitner presented Garland the Golden Boot Award . After the cancellation of Scarecrow , Boxleitner remained close to Garland , contacting her consistently , until her death , on December 5 , 2008 . He said in an interview , `` I used to keep up with Beverly Garland until she passed . There was actually a hotel named after her . She was such a trip . She was a great lady . ''
Bruce is currently married to publicist Verena King .
Filmography
Film
Television films
Television series
Video games
References
External links
1950 births
20th-century American novelists
20th-century American male writers
21st-century American novelists
Male actors from Illinois
American male film actors
American male novelists
Audiobook narrators
American science fiction writers
American male television actors
American male voice actors
American male video game actors
Living people
People from Elgin , Illinois
21st-century American male writers
Ian and the Zodiacs were an English Merseybeat/R & B band formed in 1958 , originally known as The Zodiacs , in Liverpool , England . Led by Ian Edwards ( 1943–2007 ) , the band existed in relative obscurity until relocating to Germany in 1964 where they achieved national success . During the band 's three-year stint in Germany , they released three albums under their name , exclusive to the country until their re-release . They also released two cover albums featuring material by The Beatles with the name , The Koppykats .
History
The band formed as a jazz group in 1958 , and performed under the name , The Zodiacs . The group came together following an audition at a local venue called Savoy Hall . In the spring of 1960 , Ian Edwards departed from his band , The Deltones , and joined The Zodiacs . From that point on , the band became known as Ian and the Zodiacs , and shifted their style from jazz to rock and roll . Following several personnel changes , the lineup for the group included Edwards as lead vocalist , Pete Wallace on lead guitar , Geoff Bethell on piano , Charlie Flynn ( stage name : Wellington Wade ) on bass guitar , and Cliff Roberts on drums . The band played top venues in the area , and became the resident group for St. Lukes Hall ( The Jive-Hive ) . During their touring , they found their manager , Ralph Webster . On 4 January 1962 , Mersey Beat released a poll citing the band was the eleventh most popular Merseyside group . The band released their first single on the Oriole label in 1963 to limited success . Edwards recalled , regarding their inability to achieve success in England , `` We spent too much time at the Grapes '' . The Grapes being the Mathew Street pub where bands would take breaks from performing . In May 1964 , the band got rid of Bethell and auditioned Geoff Bamford to replace Roberts on drums .
Later in 1964 , the band travelled to Hamburg , Germany for what was supposed to be a month of touring . The band would remain in the country for the next three years after gaining widespread popularity amidst their touring and television appearances . During the summer of 1965 they were a resident group at Butlins Skegness , a UK Lincolnshire holiday camp . Edwards ' distinctive vocals helped develop the group 's reputation , and set them apart from other acts . Their act was centered around US , and UK hits along with some of their own original material . They became promoted by Manfred Weissleder , owner of the Star-Club , who featured them in his various clubs , and were joined by drummer Joe Walsh . Following a car accident in May 1965 , Wallace and Walsh departed , and were replaced by Freddie Smith and Arthur Ashton . The band released three albums , all of which charted in Germany , during their stay in the country . The albums , Star Club 7 , Just Listen to Ian and the Zodiacs , and Locomotive ! , were all released on the Star Club label . The material from the albums ranged from rock and roll , pop rock , and later soul influences .
Outside the band name , they released two cover albums consisting of The Beatles ' compositions under the name , The KoppyKats . Their biggest selling hit in the UK , 1965 's double album The Beatles Beat , was recorded on a limited budget , but was still relatively successful . Another Beatles cover album , Gears Again , followed with less success . In support of the albums , they released `` Nowhere Man '' and `` Help ! '' as singles . The albums sold well thanks to the lower prices in comparison to The Beatles ' releases . The band released several singles , all on different labels , to the UK and the United States , and , despite failing to chart in the UK , still managed to achieve a regional hit in the US . Their single , `` The Crying Game '' , became a number one hit in Texas , selling 250,000 copies . The band would have toured the US , but could not as they did not have green cards .
The band continued to tour throughout Germany until July 1967 . Edwards ' wife had fallen ill so he disbanded the group to return to England . He reformed the band the following year with German musicians , to lesser success . Two other incarnations of the band formed , one in 2000 , touring Germany until 2003 , and another in 2004 . From 2004 until his death in 2007 he made a comeback in Germany , performing at festivals in Hamburg , Weimar , Berlin and Cologne , as well as in Liverpool 's Cavern Club . He was backed by the German musicians Manfred Jung ( bass ) , Jürgen Pfingst ( lead guitar ) , Dr.Joachim Wagner ( rhythm guitar ) and Raimund Jung ( drums ) . The backing group from Cologne , Germany , still performs as Ian 's Zodiacs and as The Roaring Forties , and is also well known in Liverpool .
In the 1990s , the band 's albums were re-released by the Repertoire label . Five of the group 's tracks , `` Beechwood '' , `` It Ai n't Necessarily So '' , `` Secret Love '' , `` Let 's Turkey Trot '' , and `` You Can Think Again '' , have also appeared on the 1989 compilation album , This Is MerseyBeat . The greatest hits album called Wade in the Water was distributed by RPM which was composed of re-mastered songs by the band .
References
English rock music groups
Beat groups
British rhythm and blues musical groups
British rock and roll music groups
Musical groups established in 1958
Musical groups disestablished in 1967
Musical groups from Liverpool
Oriole Records ( UK ) artists
1958 establishments in England
St. Godehard 's Rotunda ( ) in Strzelin is a Romanesque church founded in the 11th century and rebuilt in the 13th century .
References
Strzelin County
Strzelin
The Outlaw Ocean : Journeys Across the Last Untamed Frontier ( also published as The Outlaw Ocean : Crime and Survival in the Last Untamed Frontier ) is a 2019 book by Ian Urbina about crime and extralegal activity in international waters . The book was based on an investigated journalism series Urbina wrote for The New York Times . Topics covered include illegal , unreported and unregulated fishing , modern slavery and violent crime committed at sea , as well of the work of organisations , governments and companies in international waters . The book was critically acclaimed .
Synopsis
The Outlaw Ocean is structured as a series of essays about lawlessness at sea with each chapter covering a different aspect and case studies . Urbina describes his experiences of their reporting . These include :
The Thunder , an illegal fishing vessel that was part of the Bandit 6 , and its pursuit by the Sea Shepherd Conservation Society
Maritime law enforcement against illegal fishing in Palau and Indonesia
The Principality of Sealand , an unrecognised micronation and former pirate radio station off the coast of Sussex
Women on Waves , an NGO that provides abortions in international waters for women in countries where they are illegal
Stowaways in international shipping
A Greenpeace and academic expedition by the MV Esperanza to survey the Amazon Reef in advance of plans to drill the region for oil .
Poor working conditions and modern slavery in the fishing industry , particularly in Thailand
Violent crime at sea , including an investigation of a clip showing a murder at sea committed by a longliner crew
Piracy off the coast of Somalia
Reception
The book was acclaimed by critics . It was reviewed positively in The Guardian , New Statesman , NPR and The New York Times . It also entered The New York Times Best Seller list in September 2019 .
Urbina 's reporting adapted for the book won numerous awards as a New York Times series .
Adaptations
The book is accompanied by a musical project , The Outlaw Ocean Music Project , which involved around 200 musicians sampling field recordings from the book 's research trips and creating a soundtrack .
Urbina also established The Outlaw Ocean Project , a non-profit journalism organisation to produce further stories about maritime crime .
A film adaptation of Urbina 's reporting is in development by Netflix , set to be produced by Leonardo DiCaprio .
References
2019 non-fiction books
American non-fiction books
Environmental non-fiction books
Non-fiction crime books
Illegal , unreported and unregulated fishing
Investigative journalism
Maritime books
Works about fishing
Works originally published in The New York Times
Alfred A. Knopf books
Darren Oliver ( born 1 November 1971 ) is a former English footballer who played as a defender .
Oliver spent 6 years at Burnden Park before moving to Rochdale for £30,000 in 1993 .
References
1971 births
Living people
English footballers
Association football defenders
Rochdale A.F.C . players
Altrincham F.C . players
English Football League players
The German tariff of 1885 was a protectionist law passed by the Reichstag ( under the guidance of Chancellor Otto von Bismarck ) that raised tariffs on agricultural imports into Imperial Germany . It became law on 22 May 1885 .
The tariff of 1879 had imposed a duty of 1 mark per 100kg on wheat , rye and oats . However , this had failed to prevent the fall in grain prices . The price of wheat in Prussia had fallen from 46s.10d . per imperial quarter in 1880 to 34s.8d . per imperial quarter in 1885 . In 1880 the price of rye in Prussia was 9s.8d . per cwt . ; in 1885 it was 7s.2d . Germany had also lost most of its grain export markets .
The agrarian party had grown in strength and they complained of foreign competition and demanded protection for Germany 's food supply , which they argued was vital in wartime .
Rates
The duties on wheat and rye were raised to 3 marks per 100kg ; on oats 1.50 marks ; on barley 1.50 marks ; on maize 1 mark ; on flour 7.50 marks ; on meat 20 marks ; on bullocks 30 marks ; on cows 9 marks ; on pigs 6 marks . The duties on butter ( 20 marks ) , cheese ( 20 marks ) , eggs ( 3 marks ) and wine ( 24 marks ) remained unchanged from 1879 .
Notes
References
Percy Ashley , Modern Tariff History : Germany–United States–France ( New York : Howard Fertig , 1970 ) .
Michael Tracy , Government and Agriculture in Western Europe , 1880–1988 ( London : Harvester Wheatsheaf , 1989 ) .
Economy of the German Empire
1885 in Germany
Passau ( ; ) is a city in Lower Bavaria , Germany , also known as the Dreiflüssestadt ( `` City of Three Rivers '' ) as the river Danube is joined by the Inn from the south and the Ilz from the north .
Passau 's population is approx . 50,000 , of whom about 12,000 are students at the University of Passau , renowned in Germany for its institutes of economics , law , theology , computer science and cultural studies .
History
In the 2nd century BC , many of the Boii tribe were pushed north across the Alps out of northern Italy by the Romans . They established a new capital called Boiodurum by the Romans ( from Gaulish Boioduron ) , now within the Innstadt district of Passau .
Passau was an ancient Roman colony called Batavis , Latin for `` for the Batavi . '' The Batavi were an ancient Germanic tribe often mentioned by classical authors , and they were regularly associated with the Suebian marauders , the Heruli . Batavis ( Passau-Altstadt ) was a Roman castrum in the province of Raetia , while another late Roman castrum , Boiotro ( Passau-Innstadt ) , was in the province of Noricum .
During the second half of the 5th century , St. Severinus established a monastery here . The site was subject to repeated raids by the Alemanni . In 739 , the recently consecrated English archbishop Boniface founded the diocese of Passau , which for many years was the largest diocese of the German Kingdom/Holy Roman Empire , covering territory in southern Bavaria and most of what is now Upper and Lower Austria . From the 10th century the bishops of Passau also exercised secular authority as Prince-Bishops in the immediate area around Passau ( see ) .
In the Treaty of Passau ( 1552 ) , Archduke Ferdinand I , representing Emperor Charles V , secured the agreement of the Protestant princes to submit the religious question to a diet . This led to the Peace of Augsburg in 1555 .
During the Renaissance and early modern period , Passau was one of the most prolific centres of sword and bladed weapon manufacture in Germany ( after Solingen ) . Passau smiths stamped their blades with the Passau wolf , usually a rather simplified rendering of the wolf on the city 's coat-of-arms . Superstitious warriors believed that the Passau wolf conferred invulnerability on the blade 's bearer , and thus Passau swords acquired a great premium . According to the , aside from the wolf , some cabalistic signs and inscriptions were added . As a result , the whole practice of placing magical charms on swords to protect the wearers came to be known for a time as `` Passau art '' . ( See Eduard Wagner , Cut and Thrust Weapons , 1969 . ) Other cities ' smiths , including those of Solingen , recognized the marketing value of the Passau wolf and adopted it for themselves . By the 17th century , Solingen was producing more wolf-stamped blades than Passau was .
In 1662 , a devastating fire consumed most of the city . Passau was subsequently rebuilt in the Baroque style .
Passau was secularised and divided between the Electorate of Bavaria and the Electorate of Salzburg in 1803 . The portion belonging to Salzburg became part of Bavaria in 1805 .
From 1892 until 1894 , Adolf Hitler and his family lived in Passau . The city archives mention Hitler being in Passau on four occasions in the 1920s for speeches . In addition , Heinrich Himmler spent some time there .
In November 1933 , the building of ( Hall of the Nibelungs ) was announced . Intended to hold 8,000 to 10,000 guests , and another 30,000 in front of it , in 1935 the hall also became quarters for a unit of the Austrian Legion . Beginning in 1934 , these troops had occupied a building that belonged to Sigmund Mandl , a Jewish merchant . That building , in turn , was referred to as SA barracks .
Beginning in 1940 , Passau offered the building at Bräugasse 13 to Volksdeutsche Mittelstelle .
During World War II , the city also housed three sub-camps of the infamous Mauthausen-Gusen concentration camp : Passau I ( Oberilzmühle ) , Passau II ( Waldwerke Passau-Ilzstadt ) and Passau III ( Jandelsbrunn ) . From January to May 1945 , refugees from East Prussia and Silesia passed the city , after May , as the result of ethnic cleansing of neighboring Bohemia and Moravia of their German populace , further waves of refugees arrived in the city .
On May 3 , 1945 , a message from Major General Stanley Eric Reinhart 's 261st Infantry Regiment stated at 3:15 am : `` AMG Officer has unconditional surrender of PASSAU signed by Burgermeister , Chief of Police and Lt. Col of Med Corps there . All troops are to turn themselves in this morning . ''
It was the site of a post World War II American sector displaced persons camp .
On 2 June 2013 , the old town suffered from severe flooding as a result of several days of rain and its location at the confluence of three rivers . Peak elevations of floods as early as 1501 are displayed on a wall at the Old City Hall . Flood water reaches the base of that wall on average once every 5 years .
Subdivisions
Until 2013 , the City of Passau was subdivided into eight statistical districts , which in general coincide with formerly separate municipalities . Since 2013 , the city is divided in 16 so-called areas of open council ( `` Bürgerversammlungsgebiete '' ) .
Main sights
Many river cruises down the Danube start at Passau and there is a cycling path all the way down to Vienna . It is on the designated heritage route , the Route of Emperors and Kings .
Passau is notable for its gothic and baroque architecture . The city is dominated by the Veste Oberhaus and the Veste Niederhaus , both parts of the former fortress of the Bishop , on the mountain crest between the Danube and the Ilz .
Tourism in Passau focuses mainly on the three rivers , the St. Stephen 's Cathedral ( Der Passauer Stephansdom ) and the `` Old City '' ( Die Altstadt ) .
With 17,774 pipes and 233 registers , the organ at St. Stephen 's was long held to be the largest church pipe organ in the world and is today second in size only to the organ at First Congregational Church of Los Angeles , which was expanded in 1994 . Organ concerts are held daily between May and September . St.Stephen 's is a true masterpiece of Italian Baroque , built by Italian architect Carlo Lurago and decorated in part by Carpoforo Tencalla .
Among many other churches are the Jesuits church of St. Michael , the oldest parish church of St. Paul and the pilgrim church Mariahilf on the hill south of the rivers Inn and Danube .
Before the cathedral is a large square ( Domplatz ) with the Lamberg-Palais , where the Peace of Passau was concluded .
The medieval Old Residence south of the cathedral and the baroque New Residence further west at Residenzplatz were the palaces of the Prince-Bishops within the city . Right beside the 14th century Gothic city hall with its neo Gothic tower and the big 19th century former Hauptzollamtsgebäude ( Main Customs Office ) at the Danube is the Scharfrichterhaus , an important jazz and cabaret stage on which political cabaret is performed .
Image gallery
Migrant entry point
Due to its location on the German-Austrian border , and in the south-east of the country , Passau has become a major migrant entry point into Germany . Refugees and economic migrants from the Middle East , Asia and Africa who have reached Europe , often entering either overland via Greece or across the sea via the Mediterranean ( see Operation Triton ) , then head north and sometimes enter Germany . In 2015 the BBC reported that traffickers drive migrants and refugees through Austria and leave them on the side of the autobahn . The migrants and refugees then often walk unaccompanied into Passau , the first German town northwards . This situation has caused the government of Passau to divert funds from flood prevention to housing and feeding the refugees and migrants , around 10 % of whom are unaccompanied children .
Abortion controversy
A traditionally very Catholic region , Passau and Lower Bavaria have made national news for a lack of access to safe abortion . Due to a political decision in the city council , staff at the Municipal Clinic are prevented from performing abortions in accordance with §218a ( 1 ) of the German Penal Code , which permits abortions up to 12 weeks of pregnancy after mandatory counselling . After the last gynaecologist performing abortions retired in early 2020 , women had to travel more than 100km to get an abortion . This development fits into a wider pattern of declining numbers of gynaecologists performing abortions , often due to the harassment of anti-abortion activists protesting in front of doctor 's offices and reporting doctors who perform abortions to the police .
In order to improve access to abortions in Passau and fight for a complete legalisation and destigmatisation of abortions , in 2019 several political and civic groups founded the Coalition For Bodily Autonomy . Since the 1990s , there have been protests in favour of the right to abortion . In recent years , the `` Coalition For Bodily Autonomy '' staged counter-protests against an anti-abortion campaigner who regularly takes part in the international campaign 40 Days for Life protesting in front of the pro familia counselling centre that women seeking an abortion are mandated to visit in order to have an abortion .
Twin towns - sister cities
Passau is twinned with :
Hackensack , United States ( 1952 )
Cagnes-sur-Mer , France ( 1973 )
Krems an der Donau , Austria ( 1974 )
Akita , Japan ( 1984 )
Málaga , Spain ( 1987 )
České Budějovice , Czech Republic ( 1993 )
Liuzhou , China ( 1999 )
Veszprém , Hungary ( 1999 )
Montecchio Maggiore , Italy ( 2003 )
Notable people
Otto of Passau ( died after 1383/86 ) , clerical author
Gottlieb Muffat ( 1690–1770 ) , organist and composer
Joseph Ferdinand Damberger ( 1795–1859 ) , historian
Joseph Maximilian von Maillinger ( 1820–1901 ) , general and war minister
Hans Fruhstorfer ( 1866–1922 ) , explorer and entomologist
Georg Philipp Wörlen ( 1886–1954 ) , painter
Christian Rub ( 1886–1956 ) , actor
Adolf Hitler ( 1889−1945 ) , lived here in 1892–1894 with his family
Henry Gerber ( 1892−1972 ) , early U.S. gay rights activist
Ludwig Schmidseder ( 1904–1971 ) , composer and pianist
Albert Ganzenmüller ( 1905–1996 ) , Nazi politician
Alfred Dick ( 1927–2005 ) , politician
Nicolaus A. Huber ( born 1939 ) , composer
Heidi Schüller ( born 1950 ) , athlete
Bruno Jonas ( born 1952 ) , cabaret artist and actor
Anna Rosmus ( born 1960 ) , author , Third Reich historian
Andreas Scheuer ( born 1974 ) , politician ( CSU )
Florian Silbereisen ( born 1981 ) , singer and television presenter
Gisela Mashayekhi-Beer ( born before 1983 ) , Austrian flautist
Michael Ammermüller ( born 1986 ) , race car driver
See also
University of Passau
Athanor Academy of Performing Arts Passau
References
Further reading
Passau , Universität , Dissertation , 2005
External links
Passau Wiki
Passau at Flickr
Passau Cathedral , which is famous for its organ with 17,774 pipes and 233 registers - the biggest church organ on Earth - Zoomable map and satellite overview ( Google Maps ) .
First stop for new arrivals in Germany : bureaucracy ( My Way news , September 16th , 2015 )
Passau ( district )
Populated places on the Danube
Populated places on the Inn ( river )
Roman fortifications in Raetia
Fear of Fifty : a midlife memoir is a 1994 book by Erica Jong The book 's title echoes the author 's more famous 1973 novel Fear of Flying . In it Jong comes to terms with reaching this milestone age .
References
1994 non-fiction books
American memoirs
Thierry Gouvenou ( born 14 May 1969 ) is a French former professional racing cyclist . He rode in seven editions of the Tour de France and one each of the Vuelta a España and the Giro d'Italia .
Since 2014 , Gouvenou has worked as a lead course designer of the Tour de France .
Career achievements
Major results
1990
1st Paris–Roubaix Espoirs
1991
9th Omloop Het Volk
1992
10th Overall Etoile de Bessèges
1993
10th Omloop Het Volk
1994
10th Kuurne–Brussels–Kuurne
1995
3rd GP de Denain
1997
7th Overall Tour de Normandie
1998
3rd Overall Tour de Normandie
1st Stage 4
1999
3rd Overall Tour de Normandie
10th GP de la Ville de Rennes
2001
10th Tro-Bro Léon
2002
3rd Polynormande
7th Paris–Roubaix
10th Paris–Camembert
Grand Tour general classification results timeline
References
External links
1969 births
Living people
French male cyclists
People from Vire
Sportspeople from Calvados ( department )
Cyclists from Normandy
Kootenai County ( ) is located in the U.S. state of Idaho . In 2020 , the United States Census Bureau estimated the county 's population at 171,362 , making it the third-most populous county in Idaho and by far the largest in North Idaho , the county accounting for 45.4 % of the region 's total population . The county seat and largest city is Coeur d'Alene . The county was established in 1864 and named after the Kootenai tribe .
Kootenai County is coterminous with the Coeur d'Alene metropolitan area , which along with the Spokane metropolitan area comprises the Spokane–Coeur d'Alene combined statistical area .
History
Natives and early European activity
The Coeur d'Alene region takes its name from that given the local natives by French fur trappers . The tribe initially consisted of three bands that inhabited the areas surrounding Coeur d'Alene Lake and the Coeur d'Alene River . Canadian fur trade came to the region starting in 1809 , marking the tribe 's first contact with Europeans . Christian missionaries would follow with the first Christian meeting officiated by Father Nicolas Pointe on the north bank of Coeur d'Alene Lake at its junction with the Spokane River on December 2 , 1842 . The St. Joseph mission was initially established northwest of St. Maries in 1844 before being renamed Mission of the Sacred Heart at its relocation to the Cataldo site in 1846 . Construction of Idaho 's oldest structure commenced with construction of the mission church being completed by 1855 . The mission headquarters was moved to DeSmet in 1877 .
The Mullan Road was constructed through the area in 1859 with the route originally running on the southern side of Coeur d'Alene Lake . A route on the northern side of Coeur D'Alene Lake commenced in 1861 . Mullan 's men celebrated Independence Day of 1861 at Fourth of July Canyon east of Coeur d'Alene .
Kootenai County settled , fails to organize
The Idaho Territorial Legislature created Kootenai County on December 22 , 1864 . A county government was not immediately organized as a result of lack of significant settlement in the region . Kootenai County contained 81 residents at the 1864 Census of Idaho Territory . Rathdrum was the first of the present incorporated cities to experience settlement starting in 1861 . It became a stagecoach stop and later the Kootenai County seat . At the 1870 census , the region was reported under Nez Perce County as the Kootenai District with 31 residents . Post Falls was settled in 1871 while Camp Coeur d'Alene was established in 1878 . The camp became a Fort in 1879 and the town of Coeur d'Alene grew up around the fort . Dalton Gardens , Hayden , and Hayden Lake were also settled around this time .
Kootenai County organized
After almost 17 years of existence , Kootenai County finally organized on July 9 , 1881 . The county 's importance grew as a result of completion of the Northern Pacific Railway in 1882 to Rathdrum as well as discovery of gold on the Coeur d'Alene River in neighboring Shoshone County in 1883 . Existing settlements grew and new ones were established as a result . Settlement commenced on the railroad at Athol in 1882 and Harrison in 1890 .
Development of cities
Continued population growth led to the development of cities . In 1899 , Harrison was the county 's first city to incorporate . Coeur d'Alene , Spirit Lake , and Athol followed in 1906 , 1908 , and 1909 . Incorporation of Rathdrum Post Falls , and Worley occurred prior to 1920 . Clarksville , Hayden Lake , Huetter , State Line , and Eddiville were all incorporated in 1947 . Hayden , Dalton Gardens , and Fernan Lake incorporated after 1950 . Eddiville and Clarksville were dis-incorporated prior to 1970 .
County boundary history
At the time of the Coeur d'Alene Mission 's establishment , the territory of Kootenai County was claimed by both the United States and Britain . The government of Oregon Country established four districts on July 5 , 1843 , and Kootenai 's territory was within the boundary of the Clackamas District that later became Clackamas County under Oregon Territory . Washington Territory was established March 2 , 1853 . Kootenai 's territory fell under Walla Walla County starting 1864 , followed by Spokane County in 1858 . Idaho Territory was established March 3 , 1863 , resulting in Kootenai County 's territory not falling under any county 's jurisdiction . On February 2 , 1864 , it was attached jurisdictionally to Nez Perce County , but remained outside of that county 's boundary . The Counties of Kootenai and Lah-Toh were created on December 22 , 1864 , with Lah-Toh covering Kootenai 's present territory . Both counties failed to organize and by 1867 , Lah-Toh was abolished and its territory transferred to Kootenai County . Bonner was partitioned off in 1907 and Benewah partitioned in 1915 to give Kootenai its present boundary . In 1905 , the legislature attempted to abolish Kootenai County and create the counties of Lewis and Clark in its place . The act was declared unconstitutional by the Idaho Supreme Court .
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 5.4 % ) is water . The county water area includes Lake Coeur d'Alene and the southernmost portion of Lake Pend Oreille . Kootenai County is part of the Inland Empire in the Idaho Panhandle .
Adjacent counties
Bonner County – north
Shoshone County – east
Benewah County – south
Spokane County , Washington – west
National protected areas
Coeur d'Alene National Forest ( part )
Kaniksu National Forest ( part )
Major highways
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000 , there were 108,685 people , 41,308 households , and 29,659 families living in the county . The population density was 87 people per square mile ( 34/km2 ) . There were 46,607 housing units at an average density of 37 per square mile ( 14/km2 ) . The racial makeup of the county was 95.84 % White , 0.17 % Black or African American , 1.23 % Native American , 0.50 % Asian , 0.07 % Pacific Islander , 0.59 % from other races , and 1.60 % from two or more races . 2.33 % of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race . 23.2 % were of German , 11.9 % English , 10.9 % Irish , 9.4 % American and 6.1 % Norwegian ancestry . 96.6 % spoke English and 1.7 % Spanish as their first language .
There were 41,308 households , out of which 34.90 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 58.60 % were married couples living together , 9.20 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 28.20 % were non-families . 21.90 % of all households were made up of individuals , and 8.30 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older . The average household size was 2.60 and the average family size was 3.03 .
In the county , the population was spread out , with 27.10 % under the age of 18 , 8.70 % from 18 to 24 , 28.00 % from 25 to 44 , 23.90 % from 45 to 64 , and 12.30 % who were 65 years of age or older . The median age was 36 years . For every 100 females there were 98.10 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 94.90 males .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 37,754 , and the median income for a family was $ 42,905 . Males had a median income of $ 33,661 versus $ 22,113 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 18,430 . About 7.70 % of families and 10.50 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 12.90 % of those under age 18 and 7.30 % of those age 65 or over .
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census , there were 138,494 people , 54,200 households , and 37,316 families living in the county . The population density was . There were 63,177 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 94.5 % white , 1.3 % American Indian , 0.7 % Asian , 0.3 % black or African American , 0.1 % Pacific islander , 0.8 % from other races , and 2.4 % from two or more races . Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 3.8 % of the population . In terms of ancestry , 25.9 % were German , 15.2 % were Irish , 13.9 % were English , 12.5 % were American , and 6.7 % were Norwegian .
Of the 54,200 households , 32.8 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 53.9 % were married couples living together , 10.0 % had a female householder with no husband present , 31.2 % were non-families , and 24.3 % of all households were made up of individuals . The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 2.99 . The median age was 38.9 years .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 46,336 and the median income for a family was $ 55,840 . Males had a median income of $ 43,503 versus $ 29,950 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 24,418 . About 8.8 % of families and 11.9 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 15.3 % of those under age 18 and 7.7 % of those age 65 or over .
Politics
Communities
Cities
Athol
Coeur d'Alene
Dalton Gardens
Fernan Lake Village
Harrison
Hauser
Hayden
Hayden Lake
Huetter
Post Falls
Rathdrum
Spirit Lake
Stateline
Worley
Census-designated places
Conkling Park
Rockford Bay
Unincorporated communities
Bayview
Cataldo
Clarksville
Garwood
Lane
Medimont
North Pole
Education
School districts include :
Coeur d'Alene School District 271
Kellogg Joint School District 391
Kootenai Joint School District 274
Lakeland Joint School District 272
Plummer-Worley Joint School District 44
Post Falls School District 273
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Kootenai County , Idaho
Kootenai County Sheriff , Robert Norris
Footnotes
Further reading
External links
County website
Idaho counties
Idaho placenames of Native American origin
1864 establishments in Idaho Territory
Populated places established in 1864
Kori Cheverie ( born June 18 , 1987 ) is a Canadian retired ice hockey player , currently serving as assistant coach of the Canadian national women 's ice hockey team and of the Ryerson Rams men 's ice hockey team . She was the first woman to be hired to a full-time coaching role in U Sports men 's ice hockey history .
Cheverie 's playing career was spent with the Saint Mary 's Huskies women 's ice hockey team in the Atlantic University Sport conference of Canadian Interuniversity Sport ( CIS ; renamed U Sports in 2016 ) and with the Toronto Furies of the Canadian Women 's Hockey League ( CWHL ) , with whom she won the 2014 Clarkson Cup .
Playing career
CIS
With the St. Mary 's Huskies women 's ice hockey program , Cheverie was an Academic All-Canadian , team captain and multiple conference nominee for the Marion Hillard Award .
CWHL
A charter member of the Toronto Furies , Cheverie spent six years with the franchise , starting in their inaugural season of 2010-11 .
Cheverie made her CWHL debut on October 23 , 2010 , in a 7–3 loss against the Brampton Thunder . Les than 30 seconds into the second period , Cheverie scored a power play goal in the second period . The assists were credited to LaToya Clarke and fellow rookie Tessa Bonhomme . Said goal was scored on Erika Vanderveer , who would become a future Furies teammate during the 2012–13 season .
Twice during her rookie season , she registered a pair of three point performances . Both against the Boston Blades , the first occurred on January 9 , 2011 , in 9–4 final , while the second took place on March 11 , 2011 .
She would finish her rookie season ranked third on the team in scoring , behind fellow rookie Britni Smith ( who went on to win the 2011 CWHL Rookie of the Year Award ) and Jennifer Botterill .
Having retired from the Furies in 2016 , she retired with three franchise records : points ( 82 ) , games played ( 152 ) and power play goals ( 14 ) . In addition , she holds the league record for most consecutive games played with 152 .
The final points of her CWHL career actually occurred in her final regular season game , a February 14 , 2016 contest against the Brampton Thunder . Cheverie logged a pair of power play goals in the third period to force overtime . Her final goal was scored at the 18:39 mark of the third period , with Natalie Spooner and Kelly Terry earning the assists . Said goal was scored against Brampton goaltender Erica Howe . Cheverie would finish the 2015–16 season leading the Furies in game-winning goals while ranking second to Spooner in team scoring , respectively .
International hockey
During January 2009 , Cheverie was named to the team that competed at the International University Sports Federation ( FISU ) Winter Universiade in Harbin , China . She would be part of the Canadian squad that would claim the gold medal in the women 's ice hockey event .
Cheverie also competed internationally with the Italian women 's national ball hockey team . Participating at the 2015 World Championship , she led the tournament in penalty minutes and tallied three points .
As a walk-on member of the Italian team , she appeared in all of the team 's seven games . Her first point came on a June 23 match against Switzerland , a 6–2 victory for Italy . During the second period , Cheverie scored a power play goal as Annalisa Mazzarello and Nicole Corriero earned the assists .
On June 27 , Cheverie registered her only multi-point game at the event , logging a goal and an assist in a 3–1 victory against Great Britain . She would assist on a goal scored by Corriero , while scoring Italy 's final goal of the game .
Coaching career
In addition to her coaching role with the Ryerson Rams men 's ice hockey team , Cheverie has also worked as Ryerson 's Skate Training Specialist . Her work as a specialist was implemented as part of the Ryerson Hockey Development program .
Cheverie joined the Scarborough Sharks Midget AA girls team during the 2015–16 season as an assistant coach . She was appointed the Sharks head coach in the summer of 2016 . During the summer of 2016 , she also worked with referee Vanessa Stratton in New Zealand , working with the coaching staff of the New Zealand women 's national ice hockey team to help develop the game there .
Prior to Ryerson and Midget AA , Cheverie served as a coach with Hockey Nova Scotia from April to August 2012 , coaching youth aged 15–17 years old . In the summer of 2014 , Cheverie went to Shanghai and Beijing to participate in a hockey camp for kids . From August 2013 to August 2014 , Cheverie also held a position with Maple Leaf Sports & Entertainment in Hockey Development and Community Relations .
On January 18 , 2021 , Hockey Canada announced that Cheverie had been named to the coaching staff of the Canadian national women 's team .
Career stats
Awards and honours
2006-07 AUS First Team All-Star
2007-08 AUS First Team All-Star
2009-10 AUS First Team All-Star
2006-07 CIS Academic All-Canadian
2006-07 AUS Marion Hilliard Award winner , nominee CIS Marion Hilliard Award
2007-08 AUS Marion Hilliard Award winner , nominee CIS Marion Hilliard Award
2008-09 AUS Marion Hilliard Award winner , nominee CIS Marion Hilliard Award
2006-07 Saint Mary 's Female Athlete of the Year
2007-08 Saint Mary 's Female Athlete of the Year
2006-07 Most Valuable Player for St. Mary 's women 's hockey
2007-08 Most Valuable Player for St. Mary 's women 's hockey
2008-09 Most Valuable Player for St. Mary 's women 's hockey
References
External links
Clarkson Cup champions
1987 births
Living people
Toronto Furies players
Canadian women 's ice hockey forwards
Universiade gold medalists for Canada
Universiade medalists in ice hockey
Competitors at the 2009 Winter Universiade
Lisa Raymond and Samantha Stosur were the defending champions , but withdrew due to a viral illness for Stosur , before their quarterfinal against Jarmila Gajdošová and Akiko Morigami .
Nicole Pratt and Bryanne Stewart won in the final 7–5 , 4–6 , 10–5 , against Jarmila Gajdošová and Akiko Morigami .
Seeds
Lisa Raymond / Samantha Stosur ( quarterfinals , withdrew due to a viral illness for Stosur )
Vania King / Shahar Pe'er ( first round )
Bethanie Mattek / Meilen Tu ( semifinals )
Nicole Pratt / Bryanne Stewart ( champions )
Draw
Draw
External links
Draw
2007 Regions Morgan Keegan Championships and the Cellular South Cup
Cellular South Cup
The BAFTA Interactive Awards and BAFTA Games Awards were created in 2003 by splitting the original BAFTA Interactive Entertainment Awards into two separate ceremonies .
While the previous ceremonies had been annually hosted each October since 1998 , the 2003 Interactive Awards were n't held until 19 February of the following year , while the 2004 event took place on 2 March 2005 .
In March 2006 , BAFTA issued a press release announcing that `` Video Games are as Important as Film and Television '' , and reinstated the Games Awards to the traditional October slot . No mention of Interactive Awards was made , and all traces of the ceremony vanished shortly afterwards when BAFTA 's website was reorganised , making it the shortest running event in BAFTA 's history .
Children 's Learning
2004 : Headline History
2003 : ( not awarded )
Design
2004 : Alexander McQueen Website
2003 : Greenwich Millennium Village
DVD
2004 : The Chaplin Collection
2003 : Lion King - Special Edition DVD
Factual
2004 : Stagework
2003 : ( two awards - Online & Offline )
Film/TV website
2004 : Trauma
2003 : Starfinder
Interactive Arts
2004 : Frequency and Volume
2003 : Alleph.net
Interactive Arts Installation
2004 : ( not awarded )
2003 : The House of Osama Bin Laden
Interactive TV
2004 : Spooks Interactive
2003 : V : MX
Music
2004 : SSEYO miniMIXA
2003 : ( not awarded )
New Talent Award
2004 : Dan Jones
2003 : ( not awarded )
News & Sport
2004 : England 's Exit From Euro 2004
2003 : ( not awarded )
Offline Factual
2004 : ( single Factual award )
2003 : DNA Interactive DVD
Offline Learning
2004 : ( combined with Online Learning )
2003 : Knowledge Box
Online Entertainment
2004 : Hitchhiker 's Guide to the Galaxy Adventure Game - 20th Anniversary Edition
2003 : Celebdaq
Online Factual
2004 : ( single Factual award )
2003 : Tate Online
Online Learning
2004 : Stagework
2003 : Bodysong
Technical Innovation
2004 : Careers Wales Online
2003 : The Darkhouse
References
External links
Headline History
Alexander McQueen
British Academy Inter
Interactive
Internet in the United Kingdom
Awards established in 2003
BAFTA Interactive Awards
John-Michael Parker is an American politician serving as a member of the Connecticut House of Representatives from 101st district . Elected in November 2020 , he assumed office on January 1 , 2021 .
Early life and education
Parker was born in Madison , Connecticut and graduated from Daniel Hand High School . He earned a Bachelor of Science degree in molecular , cellular , and developmental biology from Yale University in 2010 .
Career
After graduating from Yale , Parker worked as a science teacher at the Dalton School in Manhattan . He then joined The Future Project , a New York City-based non-profit , as the organization 's national dream director and later VP for development . Since 2019 , he has worked as the executive director of Arts for Learning Connecticut . Parker ran for the State House in the 101st district in 2018 , however he was defeated by incumbent Noreen Kokoruda by 18 votes . He was elected to the Connecticut House of Representatives in November 2020 , defeating Kokoruda , and assumed office on January 1 , 2021 .
Electoral History
References
Living people
People from Madison , Connecticut
Yale University alumni
Connecticut Democrats
Members of the Connecticut House of Representatives
Year of birth missing ( living people )
China National Aviation Holding Corporation Limited , also known as Air China Group , is a Chinese state-owned enterprise which is the parent company of Air China and Air Macau . The company was formed on 11 October 2002 by the merger of Air China , China Southwest Airlines , and China National Aviation Corporation ( Group ) Limited .
History
Origins of China National Aviation Holding
The major carrier of China could be traced back to China National Aviation Corporation which was nationalized in 1949 . In 1988 Air China ( ) and other airlines were formed by the separation of commercial activity and regulating body of the government .
The once defunct aforementioned legal person of the group China National Aviation Corporation ( ) , was also re-registered in Hong Kong on 31 August 1984 as a foreign company . The company was re-registered in China in May 1991 , which Civil Aviation Administration of China owned 79 % stake , Air China , China Eastern Airlines and China Southern Airlines owned 7 % each .
On 11 October 2002 , the new China National Aviation Corporation merged with Air China and China Southwest Airlines , forming China National Aviation Holding Company ( ) under the Law on Industrial Enterprises Owned by the Whole People .
After the merger , China National Aviation Corporation 's subsidiaries in Hong Kong still using the name `` China National Aviation Corporation ( Hong Kong ) and `` China National Aviation Corporation ( Group ) . ''
China National Aviation Corporation
China National Aviation Corporation was acted as a `` window company '' in the British Colony since 1984 , even after the handover of Hong Kong back to China , and ceased to do business in Hong Kong 10 year later ( on 10 August 2007 ) . Several subsidiaries were also incorporated in Hong Kong , such as China National Aviation Corporation ( Hong Kong ) Limited on 4 August 1992 and then China National Aviation Corporation ( Group ) Limited on 13 June 1995 ( CNAC ( HK ) became its subsidiary ) and the subsidiary even used a logo similar to China National Aviation Corporation .
CNAC once owned a significant stake in Dragonair and LSG Lufthansa Service Hong Kong . The stakes , along with 50 % stake of Jardine Airport Services ( JASL ) was transferred to a listed subsidiary China National Aviation Company Limited ( former ticker symbol SEHK:1110 , incorporated on 3 February 1997 ) . In turn China National Aviation Company Limited was 69 % owned by Air China Limited ( acquired from CNAC ( G ) ) . The stake in Dragonair ( 43.29 % ) was acquired by Cathay Pacific in 2006 , and China National Aviation Company Limited was also privatized in 2007 by Air China Limited . On 10 June 2008 , the 50 % stake in JASL was sold back from Air China to CNAC ( G ) .
Dragonair , as at 2016 , was a wholly owned subsidiary of Cathay Pacific , which Air China , now a subsidiary of China National Aviation Holding , had a cross ownership between the two listed companies .
CNAC also purchased a building on 10 Queens Road Central , Central , Hong Kong Island in 1992 , known as CNAC Group Building . it was once owned by the listed company China National Aviation Company Limited but sold back to CNAC ( G ) in 2002 . It was sold in 2008 to Shanghai Commercial Bank for HK $ 1.388 billion . It was demolished to make way for the headquarters of Shanghai Commercial Bank .
U.S. sanctions
In January 2021 , the United States government named China National Aviation Holding as a company `` owned or controlled '' by the People 's Liberation Army and thereby prohibited any American company or individual from investing in it .
Subsidiaries
China National Aviation Holding is the majority owner of several airlines and subsidiaries , including : Airline share ownership and subsidiaries :
Air Macau ( 72.25 % )
Air China ( 53.46 % )
Dalian Airlines ( 80 % )
Air China Cargo ( 51 % )
Shenzhen Airlines ( 51 % )
Kunming Airlines ( 80 % )
Henan Airlines ( 51 % )
Shandong Aviation Group ( 49.4 % )
Shandong Airlines ( 22.8 % direct , 42 % via Shandong Aviation Group )
Sichuan Airlines ( 10 % )
Cathay Pacific ( ~20 % cross-ownership )
China National Aviation Company Limited ( 100 % )
Aircraft Maintenance and Engineering Corporation ( 75 % )
China Eastern Airlines ( 11 % )
Shanghai Airlines ( 100 % )
China United Airlines ( 80 % )
Sichuan Airlines ( 10 % )
China Cargo Airlines ( 51 % )
Other operations :
China National Aviation Corporation ( Group ) ( 100 % )
China Aircraft Services Limited ( 40 % as the largest shareholder )
Jardine Aviation Services ( 50 % )
Fleet
As of April 2013 , the Air China and subsidiaries fleet consists of the following aircraft .
References
External links
Official website of China National Aviation Corporation ( Group ) Limited
Airlines of China
Holding companies of China
Air China
China Southwest Airlines
Government-owned companies of China
Companies based in Beijing
Chinese companies established in 2002
Airlines established in 2002
Holding companies established in 2002
Chaoyang District , Beijing
The 2015 Gent–Wevelgem in Flanders Fields was a women 's one-day road cycling race held in Belgium on 29 March 2015 . The race was rated as a 1.2 category race , and was won by Dutch rider Floortje Mackaij . Mackaij escaped in the last three kilometres from a front group of three riders and was not pulled back by the others . Janneke Ensing was second ahead of Chloe Hosking , while Jolien D'Hoore won the sprint for fourth .
Results
See also
2015 in women 's road cycling
References
Gent-Wevelgem Women 's race
Gent-Wevelgem Women 's race
Women 's road bicycle races
Gent–Wevelgem
`` Christmas Will Break Your Heart '' is a song by American rock band LCD Soundsystem . It was released as a download single as well as a limited one-sided 7-inch vinyl on December 24 , 2015 , making it the band 's first single in five years .
Background and recording
Prior to the song 's release , in October 2015 , there were rumors regarding a possible LCD Soundsystem reunion . It was stated in a Consequence of Sound article that `` multiple sources '' confirmed that the band would be reuniting in 2016 and that they would be headlining high-profile music festivals . Although this was also confirmed by Billboard , DFA Records label manager Kris Petersen and co-founder Jonathan Galkin both confirmed that LCD Soundsystem would not be reuniting .
Band frontman James Murphy called `` Christmas Will Break Your Heart '' a `` depressing Christmas song '' which he had been singing to himself for years prior to its recording . The song was recorded at DFA Studios in New York City on December 13 , 2015 , after Murphy had gotten past band members Al Doyle , Pat Mahoney , Nancy Whang , and Tyler Pope to come to the studio to record the track . The song was also mastered by American musician Bob Weston . Following the release of the song , it was confirmed in January 2016 by the band that they would be setting off on a reunion tour and releasing a new studio album in the future .
Release
`` Christmas Will Break Your Heart '' was released on December 24 , 2015 ( Christmas Eve ) as a 7-inch vinyl and digital download . The 7-inch vinyl is one-sided and limited to only 1,000 copies . The song also marked the first single to be released by the band in four years , following the single `` Live Alone '' , which was released in April 2011 .
Track listing
Charts
Release history
References
2015 singles
2015 songs
LCD Soundsystem songs
American Christmas songs
Songs written by James Murphy ( electronic musician )
Songs written by Al Doyle
Norman Dunham ( 9 December 1925 — June 2005 ) was an English cricketer . He was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-pace bowler who played for Leicestershire . He was born in Quorn and died in Leicester .
Dunham made a single first-class appearance for the side , against Hampshire in 1949 . Batting in the tailend , he scored 3 runs in the first innings and 12 not out in the second .
External links
Norman Dunham at Cricket Archive
1925 births
2005 deaths
English cricketers
Leicestershire cricketers
People from Quorn , Leicestershire
José Luis Noriega ( born 14 September 1969 ) is a former professional tennis player from Peru .
Biography
Noriega , who grew up in the Peruvian capital Lima , was a four-time All-American collegiate tennis player at the University of San Diego ( USD ) . Known by his nickname `` Tato '' , he attended USD from 1989 to 1992 and amassed a 138-30 win-loss record across singles and doubles .
From 1992 to 1994 he competed on the professional tennis tour , where he had the best ranking of 161 in the world . He won a Challenger title in Brazil in 1993 and made the final round of US Open qualifying the following year . His two ATP Tour main draw appearances for singles came at the 1994 Volvo International in New Haven and the Colombia Open in the same year .
He featured in a total of nine Davis Cup ties for Peru , the last in 1996 .
Challenger titles
Singles : ( 1 )
See also
List of Peru Davis Cup team representatives
References
External links
1969 births
Living people
Peruvian male tennis players
San Diego Toreros men 's tennis players
Sportspeople from Lima
Tennis players at the 1987 Pan American Games
Pan American Games competitors for Peru
20th-century Peruvian people
21st-century Peruvian people
Nantgarw is a village in the county borough of Rhondda Cynon Taf , Wales , near Cardiff .
From an electoral and administrative perspective Nantgarw falls within the ward of Taffs Well , a village some south , but historically fell within the boundaries of Caerphilly , which is a major town located less than to the east .
The original village was almost entirely destroyed by the development of the A470 trunk road , which was situated at the location of the current A468 junction . Located close to the A470 , Nantgarw is within easy reach of the town of Pontypridd ( to the northwest ) and Cardiff City centre ( around further south ) . Nantgarw is the home of the Nantgarw tradition of folk dancing .
History
Nantgarw lies on the River Taff . It is known for its porcelain , produced in between 1813-1814 , and later between 1817-1820 at the Nantgarw Pottery , commemorated at the Nantgarw Chinaworks Museum . The potter and painter William Billingsley is credited with starting the porcelain trade here .
After the building of the Glamorganshire Canal , by the 1841 census of the 300 residents , about 60 owed their living to work associated directly with the canal . But the development of drift mines and the development of the Taff Vale Railway , meant that by 1875 the majority of the villages residents were colliers .
The development of the village stopped until the 1910 development of the Nantgarw Colliery , but various geographical problems resulted in a series of stalled developments of the colliery until post World War II , when new workings and a coking coal plant were developed by 1951 . A new village settlement was then built on the hillside behind the colliery .
Nantgarw was formerly served by two railway stations : Nantgarw ( High Level ) Halt on the Pontypridd , Caerphilly and Newport Railway , which opened in 1904 , and Nantgarw ( Low Level ) Halt on the Cardiff Railway , which opened in 1911 . The Low Level station did not last long after the 1921 Railways Act , and closed in 1931 ( though the line continued to serve Nantgarw Colliery until the late 1980s . The High Level station closed in 1956 .
Nantgarw Colliery
Craig Yr Allt Colliery was situated south of Nantgarw village . However , whenever the Taff River flooded , water frequently entered its workings , and it was abandoned in 1878 .
Thomas Taylor of Pontypridd began the development of Nantgarw colliery in May 1910 , near the base of the Caerphilly Syncline seam . The sinking of the twin shafts in 1911 reached the coal seam at a depth of more than 850 yards in 1915 , placing them 2000 ft below sea level and making Nantgarw the deepest pit to be sunk in the South Wales Coalfield up to that time .
Having suffered from various geographical issues , Powell Duffryn designed a development scheme in 1937 , but work was suspended when World War II broke out in 1939 . A later project to re-open the colliery was approved by the Ministry of Fuel and Power in 1946 , and after nationalisation in 1947 , the National Coal Board invested £5 million on modern surface constructions and modern mining methods . Having survived the mass pit closures of the 1960s , the geographical problems meant the closure of the mine working in 1974 , and the unit merged with Windsor Colliery , Abertridwr , Caerphilly from 1975 . By 1979 , the combined Nantgarw/Windsor Colliery employed around 650 men , producing over 4,000 tons of coal per week , making a profit of over £0.5 million .
The unit lost £7 million in 1981 , employing : 142 on development ; 131 on the coalface ; 197 below the ground ; 101 on the surface . In 1982 output declined steeply as a major coal seam at Windsor became unworkable , while in 1984 an overtime ban led directly to the 1984/5 UK miners strike spreading to South Wales . Although profitable post the strike , both sites of the whole unit closed as part of the NCB regional review on 6 November 1986 .
Village today
The village declined after the 1969 construction of the A470 , which destroyed most of the historic old village . The only original buildings that remain are Nantgarw Pottery and a handful of houses in close proximity . After the closure of the Nantgarw/Windsor Colliery and Coking works 18 months after the miners ' strike , the site was developed as Parc Nantgarw , joined to the larger Trefforest Industrial Estate . All that now remains of Nantgarw colliery are two small concrete pyramids marking the sites of the two shafts and a commemorative winding wheel .
Parc Nantgarw is home to the headquarters of Cadw ( the Welsh equivalent of English Heritage ) , and a large office for the newly relocated Santia Consulting . The social side of the estate provides a cinema , indoor 10 pin bowling and various restaurants .
GE Aviation Wales , located on the Caerphilly Road , employs about 1500 people in the testing , repair and maintenance of aircraft engines , including GE90 , GP7200 , CFM56 and RB211 .
Coleg y Cymoedd is a further education college for adult learners . The college has a campus in Nantgarw .
Nantgarw Infants School
Opened on 11 March 1907 with 55 children , it was destroyed by fire in April 1933 . The school moved to Wheeler 's Billiard Hall , the school was reopened on 2 September 1935 . An extension providing interior toilets , a small kitchen and an office for the head teacher was built in 1979 . The school is now closed .
References
External links
www.geograph.co.uk : photos of Nantgarw and surrounding area
Villages in Rhondda Cynon Taf
HMCS Assiniboine was a that served in the Royal Canadian Navy and later the Canadian Forces from 1956 to 1988 . She was the second ship to bear the name . Entering service in 1956 , the ship underwent conversion to a destroyer helicopter escort ( DDH ) in 1962 , the conversion performed primarily by Victoria Machinery Depot . She was officially reclassed with pennant DDH 234 on 28 June 1963 . After being paid off in 1988 , the vessel was used as a harbour training ship until being discarded in 1995 . The vessel sank under tow to the breakers that year .
Design and description
The need for the St. Laurent class came about in 1949 when Canada joined NATO and the Cold War was in its infancy . The Royal Canadian Navy ( RCN ) was assigned responsibility for anti-submarine warfare ( ASW ) and controlling sea space in the western North Atlantic . The St Laurent class were built to an operational requirement much like that which produced the British Type 12 , and were powered by the same machinery plant . The rounded deck-edge forward was adopted to prevent ice forming . The vessels were designed to operate in harsh Canadian conditions . They were built to counter nuclear , biological and chemical attack conditions , which led to a design with a rounded hull , a continuous main deck , and the addition of a pre-wetting system to wash away contaminants . The living spaces on the ship were part of a `` citadel '' which could be sealed off from contamination for the crew safety . The ships were sometimes referred to as `` Cadillacs '' for their relatively luxurious crew compartments ; these were also the first Canadian warships to have a bunk for every crew member since previous warship designs had used hammocks .
As built , the ships were long overall with a beam of and a draught of . The destroyer escorts displaced standard and at deep load . The destroyer escorts had a crew of 12 officers and 237 enlisted .
Armament
The St. Laurent class was fitted with twin /L50 caliber guns in two mounts for engaging both surface and air targets . The ships were also fitted with two single-mounted guns . The class 's anti-submarine armament consisted of a pair of triple-barreled Mk . NC 10 Limbo ASW mortars in a stern well . The stern well had a roller top to close it off from following seas . As with the British Type 12 design , the provision for long-range homing torpedoes ( in this case BIDDER [ Mk 20E ] or the US Mark 35 ) were included . However , they were never fitted .
Machinery
The vessels of the St. Laurent class had two Babcock & Wilcox water tube boilers installed . The steam produced by these boilers was directed at two geared steam turbines which powered two shafts , providing to drive the ship at a maximum speed of . The ships had an endurance of at .
DDH conversion
Following successful trials aboard the frigate and sister ship , plans to convert the St. Laurent class took shape . Th development of the beartrap , installed in Assiniboine during her 1962–63 conversion , finalized the concept . By keeping the aircraft secure , the beartrap eliminated the need for deck handling from landing to the hangar , or from hangar to takeoff .
In the conversion to a helicopter-carrying vessel , Assiniboine was gutted except for machinery and some forward spaces . The hull was strengthened , fueling facilities for the helicopter and activated fin stabilizers installed . The fin stabilizers were to reduce roll in rough weather during helicopter operations . All seven St Laurents were fitted with helicopter platforms and SQS 504 Variable Depth Sonar ( VDS ) . The single funnel was altered to twin stepped funnels to permit the forward extension of the helicopter hangar . To make room for the helicopter deck , the aft 3-inch mount and one of the Limbos were removed . The two 40 mm guns were also removed . Following the conversion , the displacement remained the same at standard load but at full load , it increased to .
DELEX program
In the late 1970s , under the Destroyer Life Extension ( DELEX ) program was commissioned to upgrade ten of the St. Laurent-class ships with new electronics , machinery , and hull upgrades and repairs . However , only enough was done to keep the ships in service into the late 1980s . For the St. Laurents , this meant hull and machinery repairs only .
Operational history
Assiniboine was laid down on 19 May 1952 by Marine Industries at Sorel , Quebec and launched on 12 February 1954 . The ship was commissioned at Sorel into the Royal Canadian Navy on 16 August 1956 and initially carried the hull number DDE 234 as a destroyer escort .
After commissioning , Assiniboine was assigned to the east coast as part of the Third Canadian Escort Squadron . From October to November 1956 , Assiniboine sailed with the First Canadian Escort Squadron to northern Europe , making a series of port visits . In January 1959 , she transferred to the west coast and in July , carried Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip from Vancouver to Nanaimo . Assiniboine was a member of the Second Canadian Escort Squadron based out of Esquimalt , British Columbia . After returning from her conversion to a helicopter carrying destroyer , she was assigned once again to the east coast . The ship was used for trials of the beartrap hauldown system and spent the following two years finding inclement weather conditions to test the system .
In 1974 , Assiniboine was anchored in Lisbon , Portugal as part of the NATO Standing Naval Force Atlantic , with crew ashore , when the Carnation Revolution occurred . The tension and confusion of the situation saw the vessel recall her crew and leave the area . On 21 January 1975 , Assiniboine recovered the crew from the freighter Barma , the rescue effort hampered by high winds .
Assiniboine was selected by the Canadian Forces for the Destroyer Life Extension ( DELEX ) program beginning on 23 April 1979 and completed this refit on 16 November . The refit was performed by Vickers Ltd. at Montreal , Quebec . On 2 July 1981 , Assiniboine ran aground in Halifax Harbour in heavy fog , requiring the aid from several tugboats to get free . She had been scheduled to take part in a NATO exercise , but was removed after the ship was required to undergo damage inspection . In 1984 , while acting as an escort for the Tall Ships race , she was part of the search for the crew of the lost sailing vessel Marques . In July 1984 the ship returned to Halifax with fractures in the plating of her upper deck . Assiniboine was sent to MIL Davie Shipbuilding at Sorel for a 10-month refit . The refit was extended to 17 months following a series of labour strikes at the shipyard .
She was decommissioned from active service in the Canadian Forces on 14 December 1988 and was used as a harbour training ship at CFB Halifax beginning on 3 January 1989 . The ship was sold for scrap in January 1995 and sank in the Caribbean Sea while under tow .
References
Notes
Footnotes
Sources
External links
Canadian Navy of Yesterday & Today : St. Laurent class destroyer escort
St. Laurent-class destroyers
Cold War destroyers of Canada
Shipwrecks in the Caribbean Sea
Maritime incidents in 1995
1954 ships
Martha , Ruth and Edie is a Canadian drama film , released in 1988 . An anthology film directed by Deepa Mehta , Norma Bailey and Danielle J. Suissa , the film centres on the titular Martha ( Jennifer Dale ) , Ruth ( Andrea Martin ) and Edie ( Lois Maxwell ) , who meet after being locked out of the auditorium at a personal development seminar , and instead share personal stories from their own lives among themselves . Each of their stories is a dramatization of a short story by a Canadian writer , and is directed by one of the three credited directors .
`` How I Met My Husband '' , directed by Bailey from the short story by Alice Munro , depicts how Edie 's brief teenage romantic fling with a visiting pilot , followed by her persistent but unfulfilled hope that he will write her letters after he leaves , ultimately leads to her meeting and marrying the mailman . ( Edie is played by Margaret Langrick in the flashback . ) `` California Aunts '' , directed by Mehta from the story by Cynthia Flood , depicts the transformation of Ruth 's life as a smalltown librarian after her mother dies and her aunts come to stay with her . `` Guilt '' , directed by Suissa from the story by Betty Lambert , depicts Martha taking a new job teaching English in a prison after her husband leaves her for another woman .
The film 's supporting cast includes Helen Hughes , Tom Jackson , Frank Moore , Chuck Shamata , Tom Butler and Kate Trotter . Hughes received a Genie Award nomination for Best Supporting Actress at the 10th Genie Awards in 1989 .
References
External links
1988 drama films
1988 films
Canadian anthology films
Canadian drama films
English-language Canadian films
Fictional trios
Films directed by Deepa Mehta
Films directed by Norma Bailey
Films based on short fiction
Films based on works by Alice Munro
1980s English-language films
1980s Canadian films
Thomas Clayton Wells ( born February 27 , 1957 ) is an American politician , social worker and lawyer from Washington , DC . He was a member of the Council of the District of Columbia where he served as a Democrat representing Ward 6 . Wells is now the director of the District Department of Energy & Environment ( DOEE ) . Appointed January 2015 , he is chiefly responsible for protecting the environment and conserving the natural resources of the District of Columbia .
Biography
Wells was born in Austin , Texas in 1957 and received his B.A . from the University of Alabama in 1979 . He then pursued a master 's degree in social work , earning an M.S.W . from the University of Minnesota in 1981 . In 1991 , he received his J.D . from Catholic University 's Columbus School of Law .
Wells began his Washington , D.C. , career in 1985 as a social worker in the District 's child protective services agency . After six years with the agency , Wells became the director of the D.C. Consortium for Child Welfare , an organization of 20 nonprofit agencies that serve the city 's children and families , until his election to the Council of the District of Columbia in 2006 . He also served as a member of Advisory Neighborhood Commission 6B from 1995 to 2000 and Chair of ANC 6B from 1997-1998 . He was elected to serve Wards 5 and 6 on the DC Board of Education from 2001-2006 .
In 2013 , he announced he would not seek reelection to his council seat and would instead run for mayor of the District of Columbia . Wells ' chief of staff , Charles Allen , decided he would run for Wells ' seat on the Council .
Wells has been married to Barbara Wells since 1988 and is a member of Christ Episcopal Church .
Elections
Wells defeated Will Cobb ( I ) and Antonio ( Tony ) Williams ( R ) in the 2006 elections with 62 % ( 8,992 ) of the vote compared to Cobb 's 27 % ( 3,908 ) and Williams ' 11 % ( 1,564 ) .
Wells was re-elected for a second term in 2010 . Wells defeated Jim DeMartino ( R ) in the 2010 election with 85 % ( 16,256 ) of the vote , compared to DeMartino 's 14 % ( 2,674 ) .
References
External links
Tommy Wells for Mayor campaign site
Hill Rag Interview , June 2006
The Washington Post Articles
LinkedIn Profile
1957 births
American Episcopalians
Columbus School of Law alumni
21st-century American politicians
20th-century American politicians
Living people
People from Austin , Texas
University of Alabama alumni
University of Minnesota College of Education and Human Development alumni
Members of the Council of the District of Columbia
Washington , D.C. , Democrats
Washington , D.C. , government officials
The Parque de la Ciudad ( ) is a former amusement park in the Villa Soldati neighborhood of Buenos Aires , Argentina .
History
The park was planned by the administration of Mayor Osvaldo Cacciatore in 1978 . Cacciatore , appointed by Argentina 's last military government , envisaged the park as the centerpiece of efforts to revitalize the dilapidated Villa Soldati ward . The mayor opened the contract to develop a theme park for bidding , and awarded the bid to Interama Parks S.A. , a company established for the purpose ; Alberto Gourdy Allende was chosen as its first managing director .
Interama Parks was formed for use of the military that governed Argentina at that time , but also for civilian use . The company contracted the Swiss firm Intamin to supply imported attractions , including mechanical games , roller coasters , facilities , accessories , shopping trolleys , popcorn machines , and the Interama Tower , an observation tower . The amusement area itself is a relatively small facet of the park , which included 75 hectares ( 188 acres ) of green space .
Construction
Construction began at the end of 1978 . The park was planned on a 120 hectare ( 296 acre ) undeveloped lot located near the Parque Zoofitogeografico ( an arboretum ) , in Villa Soldati . It lay between Belgrano South railway and existing parking lots near Fernández of Cruz Avenue , and would be adjacent to an existing city park . The construction required the eviction of remote area 's slums , as well as numerous , small landowners ; some roads required pavement to allow construction machinery access to the site .
After the removal of debris and waste , the property was first used as a landfill . A perimeter fence was placed around the site , and work began . One million cubic meters of earth had to be moved to level the site . It was then landscaped with lakes and hills , while the bases of the attractions and a road network were built . Workers began assembling a replica of the Russian mountains . Earth for the hills , now covered in turf , came from the future lakes , still simple depressions in the land . The site was being transformed from a fallow field into a colorful theme park .
Special recreation zones ( plones ) were laid out . James Fowler , a leading geologist , was contracted , as was Richard Battaglia of Disney World . The construction was carried out by an engineering team led by Omar N. Vázquez .
Materials for the observation tower were acquired in Austria shortly after Interama won the bid , and before construction began ; it was described as `` a circular tower with observatory and restaurant ... '' ( according to a November 1978 issue of Gente magazine ) . Work began on the assembly of the tower in May 1980 .
The first step of the production was to create the holes for the foundation pilings . The piles were created by TREVI , INC. at a cost of US $ 728,000 .
Trevi constructed the extensive pilings for the foundations of the following structures :
Vertigorama Roller Coaster ( US $ 2,025,000 ) - Total Ride Cost : US $ 10,000,000
Aerogondolas ( Sky Ride ) Columns ( US $ 78,000 ) - Total Ride Cost : US $ 4,500,000
Aconcagua Roller Coaster ( US $ 67,000 ) - Total Ride Cost : US $ 6,500,000
Pedestrian bridge of Entrance on Fernández de la Cruz Avenue ( US $ 16,000 )
Metal reinforcements for the concrete were placed into the 35 meter ( 115 foot ) deep holes , and these were filled with bentonite , a clay-like mineral , to absorb groundwater . The bentonite was then displaced by the poured concrete . Approximately 10 meters ( 33 feet ) below the piles , the ground was composed of Puelchense , a layer of very hard material typical to the topography of Buenos Aires .
30 pilings were cut off ( with the metallic armor visible ) to 8 meters ( 26 feet ) below floor level . This area was then filled by solid concrete in which the main columns of the Tower were embedded . This process alone took 6 months . Construction of the metallic structure took another 6 months .
While the tower was built , foundations for the anchoring of the tensors that would have to be lowered to the level of 120 meters ( 394 feet ) . The tower itself was a self-supporting structure , and did not need external supports until reaching 120 meters . The tensor cables were then attached , using a crane , to the important beams under Platform 1 and the concrete anchorages at the base of the tower .
The incomplete structure became an improvised , gigantic Christmas tree for the 1980 holidays . At night , thousands of colored lamps formed illuminated garlands along the steel tensors and a giant star on the roof of platform 2 together with a poster located in one of the sides of the platform 1 in which could be read at the distance : FE .
The park since its opening
The park was inaugurated as Parque Interama on September 21 , 1982 . Its sixty attractions included the Aconcagua roller coaster , the Scorpion double giant wheel , Vertigorama double roller coaster ( which never opened as not all parts were delivered ) , Aerogondolas ( the longest Sky Ride in Latin America ) , the musical fountain , and a miniature railway circulating around the perimeter of the park . The observation tower reached 208 m ( 682 ft ) upon topping out in 1981 , and remained the tallest free-standing structure in Argentina until 2015 .
The park struggled with setbacks from before its opening , The 1980 bankruptcy of the chief stockholder in Interama , Banco Sidesa , delayed the inaugural . Interama 's estimated US $ 100 million in bad debts prompted the administration of Mayor Julio César Saguier to revoke the lease , and sue Interama , upon the 1983 return of democracy . The park was then renamed as the Parque de la Ciudad ( City Park ) in December of that year .
The park itself failed to attract the 15 million yearly visitors projected by the city . Annual attendance reached 1.1 million in 1985 , and declined afterward . The addition of an IMAX cinema was later planned , but was ultimately canceled . The park 's deteriorating condition led to its closure by Mayor Aníbal Ibarra in October 2003 , and though it was reopened three years later , ongoing safety concerns led to its renewed closure in March 2008 by Mayor Mauricio Macri . Years of litigation culminated in November 2000 in a US $ 2 billion ruling in favor of Interama and against the city for a breach of contract stemming from the 1983 lease rescission . Appeals filed by the city ultimately resulted in the ruling 's reversal in 2007 , however .
The park was reopened for the nation 's Bicentennial in May 2010 ; amid ongoing refurbishment and replacement of inoperable rides , the reopening included the addition of a cultural center and art gallery . Mayor Macri later established the 180,000 m² ( 1.9 million ft² ) Ciudad del Rock ( Rock City ) on the grounds of the former amusement park in 2013 ; the venue was built to host events organized by Quilmes Rock estimated to draw over 50,000 spectators . The project drew criticism from Villa Lugano-area Congressman Alejandro Bodart , who pointed to Macri 's decision to collect below-market user fees from Quilmes Rock ( 180,000 pesos - US $ 31,000 - per event ) as well as the mayor 's plan to dismantle the park 's abandoned rides .
The defunct amusement park was chosen by city authorities to serve as the main location for the 2018 Summer Youth Olympics . The bidding process was thus announced on March 27 , 2014 , for the construction an olympic village with 1,440 apartments to house athletes and staff , as well as numerous venues for the games themselves , including the Predio Ferial Olímpico .
See also
Italpark
References
External links
Unidos por el Parque de la Ciudad
Juntemos Firmas para que reabra el Parque de la Ciudad
Roller Mountain - Parque de la Ciudad
Roller Mountain - Torre Espacial
Defunct amusement parks
Tourist attractions in Buenos Aires
Amusement parks in Argentina
1982 establishments in Argentina
Little Brickhill is a village and civil parish in the unitary authority area of the City of Milton Keynes , Buckinghamshire , England . Located immediately to the west of the A5 , it is just outside and overlooking the Milton Keynes urban area , about south-east of Fenny Stratford , and south-east of Woburn , Bedfordshire . At the 2011 census , it had a population of 407 .
The village name `` Brickhill '' is a compound of Brythonic and Old English words that have the same meaning : a common occurrence in this part of the country . The Brythonic word breg means `` hill '' , as does the Old English word hyll . In the Domesday Book of 1086 the village was referred to as Brichelle . This spelling also occurs in 1422 , denoting the place where John Langon was the vicar .
The village has , for a long time , gathered most of its income from the Roman road Watling Street that passes through the parish from north-west to south-east , and anciently from a market that was established in the village in 1228 . At one time the county Assize Courts were held in Little Brickhill , making it adversely larger than nearby Great Brickhill . The last time the assizes were heard here was in 1638 . Between 1561 and 1620 the names of a number of executed criminals appear in the burial register of the village . The village , being located on a major route to London , was a staging post for mail and passenger stagecoaches . `` The Clockhouse '' ( now converted for residential use ) housed just such a staging post , incorporating a stable , office , coach sheds , a hotel and a cowshed . Upon entering the courtyard , grooves can be seen in the cobble stones under the arch that were made by the wheels of countless coaches coming and going .
The village is also the final resting place of Dame V. Bushell ( 1756-1847 ) , who was most well known for the `` Veritas '' movement , highlighting the plight of women in the village .
The village had two public houses , The George and The Green Man , but both are closed . , the former has become an Italian restaurant with bar , the latter has been converted to dwellings . The post office that was housed in the village shop closed down in 2008 which precipitated the closure of the shop itself .
The village is home to St. Mary Magdalene CofE parish church .
See also
Great Brickhill
Bow Brickhill
References
External links
Little Brickhill community website
Villages in Buckinghamshire
Areas of Milton Keynes
Civil parishes in Buckinghamshire
Statistics of Bahraini Premier League in the 1972–73 season .
Overview
Muharraq Club won the championship .
References
RSSSF
Bahraini Premier League seasons
Bah
football
The 1999 Arizona Wildcats baseball team represented the University of Arizona during the 1999 NCAA Division I baseball season . The Wildcats played their home games at Frank Sancet Stadium . The team was coached by Jerry Stitt in his 3rd season at Arizona . The Wildcats finished 33-23 overall and placed 3rd in the Pacific-10 with a 13-11 record - the only time during Coach Stitt 's tenure they would finish above .500 in conference play . The 1999 season season marked the 1st time that the Pac-10 did not play in divisions , as Portland State 's discontinuation of baseball following the 1998 season caused the Northern Division to shrink to only 3 members ( compared to the Southern Division 's 6 ) .
Arizona was selected into the postseason for the 1st time since 1993 as the 3-seed in the Waco Regional . They subsequently lost their first 2 games to 2-seed Minnesota and 4-seed Eastern Illinois to be eliminated from the tournament . This would be the only tournament appearance of Stitt 's head coaching career and would be the last for the Wildcats until 2003 .
Previous season
The Wildcats finished the 1998 season with a record of 30-25 and 13-14 in conference play , finishing 4th in the `` Six-Pac '' ( Pac-10 Southern ) . Arizona missed the postseason for the 5th straight season and 2nd time in Jerry Stitt 's tenure .
Personnel
Roster
Coaches
Opening day
Schedule and results
Waco Regional
1999 MLB Draft
References
Arizona Wildcats baseball seasons
Portland towers are two former Aalborg Portland silos which have been converted into a BREEAM-certified office building in the emerging Nordhavn district of Copenhagen , Denmark . The conversion was completed in 2014 to design by Design Group Architects .
History
Sandkaj ( Sand Quay ) was built in connection with an extension to the Freeport of Copenhagen in the 1950s and 1960s . The silos were built in 1979 by Aalborg Portland for the storage of cement . They were converted into an office building by NCC Property Development in 2013–14 with ATP Ejendomme , PFA Pension and Pensiondanmark as investors . The project was designed by Design Group Architects .
Design
The seven floors were constructed on the exterior of the two silos . The interior of the silos contain reception , stairs and elevators . The lowest of the seven floors is located 24 metres above the ground . The design resembles that of Gemini Residences at the Islands Brygge waterfront .
Tenants and facilities
The individual tenancies vary in size from 500–1,500 square metres . On the top floor is a canteen and a rooftop terrace .
The first tenant in the building was Dansk Standard . They have later been joined by PA Consulting , the corporate finance consultant FIH Partners samt and the law firm Brockstedt-Kaalund . Since February 2018 the building is also home to the German embassy in Copenhagen .
References
External links
Nordhavn , Copenhagen
Industrial buildings in Østerbro
Office buildings in Copenhagen
Industrial buildings completed in 1979
Office buildings completed in 2014
The Royal Residence ( , ) is a royal villa located in Siem Reap , Cambodia . It serves as the official residence for the King of Cambodia for when he visits Siem Reap .
References
Royal residences in Cambodia
Palaces in Cambodia
Official residences in Cambodia
Buildings and structures in Siem Reap
Tourist attractions in Siem Reap province
Statistics of the Cambodian League for the 1999 season .
Overview
Royal Dolphins won the championship .
References
RSSSF
C-League seasons
Cambodia
Cambodia
football
Edward Matthews may refer to :
Edward Matthews ( baritone ) ( 1904–1954 ) , opera singer
Edward Matthews ( soldier ) ( 1896–1997 ) , Australian soldier
Edward Matthews ( author ) ( 1813–1892 ) , Welsh Calvinistic Methodist minister and author
Edward Bennett Mathews ( geologist ) , American geologist
See also
Eddie Mathews ( 1931–2001 ) , baseball player
Ned Mathews ( 1918–2002 ) , American football player
Edward Mathew ( 1729–1805 ) , British Army officer
The Cheringoma Plateau is a low plateau in Sofala Province of Mozambique . It lies mostly within Cheringoma , Muanza , and Marromeu districts .
Geography
The Cheringoma Plateau lies near the coast , between the lower Zambezi and Pungwe rivers . The plateau is roughly oval in shape , trending northeast-southwest . The ridgeline follows the northern and western edge of the plateau . It reaches over 300 meters elevation along the ridgeline , with the highest point ( 379 meters ) near the town of Inhaminga . The plateau falls gently towards the east and south , and steeply towards the west and north , known as the Cheringoma escarpment . The low , flat Urema Valley lies below the escarpment , bounding the plateau on the north and west . The Urema lowlands are part of the African Rift Valley system . The lowlands are home to seasonal lakes and wetlands . The northern portion of the graben is drained northeastwards by the Zangue River , a tributary of the Zambezi , while the southern portion is drained southwards by the Urema River , a tributary of the Pungwe . The Urema basin and the adjacent western portion of the plateau lie within Gorongosa National Park .
The Zambezi Delta lies to the northeast , and the streams originating in the northeast corner of the plateau empty into the delta . The plateau slopes gently on the southeast and south towards the Indian Ocean . A number of rivers , including the Savane , Sangussi , Zambazo ( or Sambazo ) , Chinizuia , Zuni , and Mupa , drain southeastwards off the plateau into the Indian Ocean . The port of Beira lies to the southwest , near the mouth of the Pungwe River .
In the 1920s , the Trans-Zambezia Railway was built across the plateau , generally following the ridgeline between Beira and the Zambezi . The railway fell into disuse during the Mozambican Civil War , but was returned to use in 2010 . The railway , now called the Sena line , runs from Beira to the coal mine at Moatize in Tete Province . Highway 120 runs parallel to the railway between Beira and Caia on the Zambezi . At Inhamitanga , a branch of the railway continues east to the river port of Marromeu on the Zambezi .
Climate
The climate of the plateau is tropical savanna ( Aw ) according to the Köppen climate classification . Rainfall ranges from 1000 and 1200 mm annually , with most of the precipitation during the summer rainy season from December to March .
Geology
The plateau is mostly covered by sandy soils , derived from conglomerate sandstones of the Miocene and Pliocene epochs , known as the Mazamba Formation . Underneath sandstone are Eocene marine limestones , known as the Cheringoma Formation . The Cheringoma Formation 's limestone contain numerous marine fossils , including coral , gastropods , bivalves , and nummulites . The Cheringoma formation is exposed along the Cheringoma Escarpment , and has eroded into gorges and extensive caverns .
Ecology
Most of the plateau is within the Southern Zanzibar-Inhambane coastal forest mosaic ecoregion , which extends from the coast to the ridgeline . Plant communities include humid miombo woodland and moist evergreen forest in river valleys . The northeastern and eastern slopes of the plateau and the Urema Graben are in the generally hotter and drier Zambezian and mopane woodlands ecoregion , characterized by savanna of Acacia , Sclerocarya , Burkea , and Hyphaene , along with floodplain grasslands and patches of deciduous forest .
The forests of the plateau are mostly unprotected and under intense logging pressure , but the plateau is still home to several intact stands of moist evergreen forest and miombo woodland . There are two forest reserves on the plateau , Inhamitanga ( 1704 ha ) and Nhampacue ( 2620 ha ) . Controlled hunting areas , called coutadas , cover the eastern end of the plateau in Cheringoma and Marromeu districts – Coutadas 10 , 11 , and 12 .
The Chinizuia Forest lies in Muanza District on the eastern slope of the plateau , in the valley of the Chinizuia River . It is famous among birdwatchers for offering some of the best miombo and forest birdwatching in southern Africa . Miombo woodland species include the southern banded snake eagle ( Circaetus fasciolatus ) , Ayres 's hawk-eagle ( Hieraaetus ayresii ) , racket-tailed roller ( Coracias spatulatus ) , Black-and-white shrike-flycatcher ( Bias musicus ) , chestnut-fronted helmetshrike ( Prionops scopifrons ) , Retz 's helmetshrike ( Prionops retzii ) , White-crested helmetshrike ( Prionops plumatus ) , yellow-bellied hyliota ( Hyliota flavigaster ) , red-throated twinspot ( Hypargos niveoguttatus ) , and lesser seedcracker ( Pyrenestes minor ) . In the streamside forests are the east coast akalat ( Sheppardia gunningi ) , white-chested alethe ( Chamaetylas fuelleborni ) , barred long-tailed cuckoo ( Cercococcyx montanus ) , African pitta ( Pitta angolensis ) , eastern bronze-naped pigeon ( Columba delegorguei ) , silvery-cheeked hornbill ( Bycanistes brevis ) , African broadbill ( Smithornis capensis ) , Narina trogon ( Apaloderma narina ) , speckle-throated woodpecker ( Campethera scriptoricauda ) , lowland tiny greenbul ( Phyllastrephus debilis ) , black-headed apalis ( Apalis melanocephala ) , plain-backed sunbird ( Anthreptes reichenowi ) , and western violet-backed sunbird ( Anthreptes longuemarei ) . Nocturnal birds include the African wood owl ( Strix woodfordii ) , African barred owlet ( Glaucidium capense ) , Verreaux 's eagle-owl ( Bubo lacteus ) and fiery-necked nightjar ( Caprimulgus pectoralis ) .
The Inhamitanga Forest , which lies between the plateau town of Inhamitanga and the Zambezi lowlands to the northeast , is Mozambique 's largest intact tract of forest . It covers an area of 40,000 hectares . It is located on sandy soil on the northern edge of the plateau , and combines flora typical of the coastal evergreen forest ( Celtis mildbraedii , Drypetes gerrardii , and Chrysophyllum viridifolium ) , deciduous sand forests ( Millettia stuhlmannii and Xylia torreana ) , and Zambezian lowland savanna ( Sterculia appendiculata ) . The forest has no permanent watercourses . The forest lies Coutada No . 12 . The Inhamitanga Forest Reserve includes a narrow corridor through the forest – 250 meters on either side of the Inhamitanga-Chupanga road ( Road 213 ) , extending for 32 km .
The Nhampacue Forest Reserve is located in Cheringoma and Marromeu districts , on the boundary between the plateau and the inundated grasslands of the Zambezi delta . It covers an area of 2620 ha , with a flat or gently rising landscape . It is mostly Miombo woodland , with Brachystegia spiciformis predominant , along with Millettia stuhlmannii , Pteleopsis myrtifolia , Xeroderris stuhlmannii , and occasionally Albizia adianthifolia . There are areas of moist evergreen woodland , with Erythrophleum suaveolens , Inhambanella henriquezii , and Synsepalum brevipes , and areas of dry deciduous woodland and grassland . The reserve and the surrounding area has been degraded by logging and wildfires , with little closed-canopy forest remaining , and mature canopy trees widely scattered .
The numerous caves along the Cheringoma Escarpment are homes to large colonies of bats , including the striped leaf-nosed bat ( Hipposideros vittatus ) and the African trident bat ( Triaenops afer ) .
External links
`` Cheringoma Plateau '' . Gorongosa National Park
References
Geography of Sofala Province
Landforms of Mozambique
Southern Zanzibar–Inhambane coastal forest mosaic
Zambezian and mopane woodlands
Plateaus of Africa
This is a list of fictional dogs in animated television and is a subsidiary to the list of fictional dogs . It is a collection of various animated dogs in television .
References
Lists of fictional canines
Fictional dogs
Black Killer is a 1971 Italian Spaghetti Western film directed by Carlo Croccolo and starring Klaus Kinski .
Plot
James Webb arrives to town with a casket full of books . He discovers that the judge co-operates with the wanted O'Hara brothers , who make farmers sign over their land deeds and then kill them . The deeds are then deposited with the judge . Webb , who has presented himself to the judge as a lawyer , finds that since these deeds are not registered they will forfeit to the judge if the O'Haras are killed .
The O'Haras suspect Webb to be a government agent , but later they intercept and kill a government inspector who was sent to investigate . They also raid the town and kill the sheriff in anger when they do n't receive enough protection money .
Burt Collins arrives in town and asks for his brother Peter , who lives outside of town with his Native American wife , Sarah . He kills two of O'Hara 's men who cheat at gambling . He seems willing to follow the advice of Ramon O'Hara ( who owns the saloon ) to leave in the morning , but Webb visits his hotel room to suggest a plan .
In the morning Burt is challenged by three of O'Hara 's men and kills them . Webb has earlier convinced the judge that according to the law he must become sheriff if none is appointed , and Burt is offered to become sheriff instead of standing trial . He accepts and the judge suggests that they share the land 50-50 . The O'Haras are told that Burt is visiting his brother . They surround the house and capture the brothers when they come out . Burt is beaten unconscious and Peter is killed when he tries to stop them from raping Sarah . Then they set fire to the house .
Burt and Sarah now avenge themselves on the O'Hara gang . They get information from Consuela , a young woman who works at the saloon . In the morning after the gang 's celebration at the saloon one of the malefactors is killed by gunshots from Burt and by an arrow from Sarah . The O'Haras have Consuela taken to a mine to serve as bait to catch Burt . Burt and Sarah kill the guards with bow and arrow and a knife . They enter the cave and kill the gang member who is in the process of raping Consuela , but the girl is killed by a stray bullet .
Sarah and Burt kill the guards at the O'Hara ranch with bow and arrow and a snare . They hang one of the guards outside the window to make the men come out . Inside , Burt confronts Pedro O'Hara in the darkness of a closed room . When a man opens the door he exposes Pedro and is killed with him . Outside Sarah picks off the men with a rifle , until the remaining gang members run away , leaving Miguel O'Hara . She shoots an arrow with a burning explosive attached to it , which explodes and blinds Miguel . He falls down , cursing them .
Webb goes to the judge and accuses him of his scheme , who offers him 50 % . When the offer is refused he takes a gun from his drawer but is disarmed by Webb and forced to sign several papers . After killing the judge , Webb picks the safe and takes papers and money . He is surprised by Sarah , who was sent by Burt to detain him , but he tricks her , takes her gun and ties her up .
Burt arrives into town with the bodies of the O'Haras and offers Ramon a choice between the gun and jail . He shoots Ramon 's rifle from his hand and shoots another man coming down the stairs . The two now fight and come out in the street , where O'Hara uses a hayfork . Webb appears and shoots down two O'Hara henchmen from the roof . Ramon goes for a rifle in a saddle holster but is shot by a pistol that Webb throws to Burt .
Citizens gather around the corpses . Webb gives Burt the deeds taken from Wilson . Sarah has set herself free and arrives with a gun . Burt calms her , but still he arrests Webb for the murder of the judge , and cuffs him to take him to a judge in Canyon City . He gives back the star and answers vaguely to Sarah 's question about when he will be back . At the junction to Canyon city he sets Webb free . The latter says , `` You fooled me. ” Burt replies that he wanted half of the money rather than the land . They separate .
Cast
Klaus Kinski as James Webb , the lawyer
Fred Robsahm as Burt Collins
Antonio Cantafora as Ramon O'Hara
Marina Malfatti as Sarah Collins ( as Marina Mulligan )
Enzo Pulcrano as Pedro O'Hara ( as Paul Craine )
Tiziana Dini as Consuela
Calogero Caruana as Miguel O'Hara ( as Ted Jones )
Jerry Ross as Peter Collins , Burt 's brother
Dante Maggio as Judge Wilson ( as Dan May )
Claudio Trionfi
Antonio Danesi as Ryan O'Hara ( as Robert Dannish )
Mimmo Maggio as Slide O'Hara ( as Dick Foster )
Carlo Croccolo as Deputy sheriff
Reception
In his investigation of narrative structures in Spaghetti Western films , Fridlund writes that Black Killer displays many typical properties of a so-called `` low-end '' genre production . There are blatantly unmotivated exhibitions of female skin and conspicuous gaps in the plot . As another low-end characteristic , the scenes with the O'Haras were re-used in another film , Bounty Hunter in Trinity . However , by chance or by design , the story line does offer a subtle play on several variants of the partnership plot that was used in many Spaghetti Westerns following the success of For a Few Dollars More .
References
External links
Black Killer at Variety Distribution
1971 films
1970s Italian-language films
1971 Western ( genre ) films
Spaghetti Western films
Films directed by Carlo Croccolo
1970s Italian films
Brothel may also refer to :
Brothel ( film ) , 2008 film by Amy Waddell
The Brothel , 1888 painting by Vincent van Gogh
The Brothel , 2010 album by the Norwegian artist Susanne Sundfør
Margate Sands railway station served the town of Margate , Kent , England from 1846 to 1926 on the Kent coastline .
History
The station and connection line was first proposed in 1841 by the South Eastern Railway ( SER ) , and surveyed by Robert Stephenson .
The station opened on 1 December 1846 . The line took a convoluted route to reach Margate , running via Ashford , Canterbury and Ramsgate , and requiring a reversal at the latter . To save costs , the line was single-track beyond Canterbury and the original station building was a simple wooden structure . Shortly after opening , a passing loop was added on the line to alleviate congestion . A permanent building opened in 1859 , costing £3,900 . A chord was built at Ramsgate in 1863 , which meant that trains could travel direct to the station from Canterbury without having to reverse . A refreshment room opened in 1873 . The station 's name was changed to Margate Sands on 1 June 1899 .
The station struggled with competition from rival railways , particularly the London , Chatham and Dover Railway ( LCDR ) , who constructed a line around Thanet to in 1863 . The station closed on 2 July 1926 , as part of the Southern Railway 's plan to connect up and amalgamate the separate railway lines around Thanet built by the SER and others . Goods services were withdrawn at the station on 20 December , but the branch line continued to be used as a goods depot until 1972 , 1976 . The site was subsequently used as a car park , then as apartments and an amusement arcade .
Incidents
In August 1864 , a train pulling into the station collided with one already at the platform . A carriage was pulled up during the collision and ended up resting on the station roof . One woman was killed in the accident .
References
Citations
Sources
External links
Disused railway stations in Kent
Former South Eastern Railway ( UK ) stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1846
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1926
1846 establishments in England
1926 disestablishments in England
Velars are consonants articulated with the back part of the tongue ( the dorsum ) against the soft palate , the back part of the roof of the mouth ( known also as the velum ) .
Since the velar region of the roof of the mouth is relatively extensive and the movements of the dorsum
are not very precise , velars easily undergo assimilation , shifting their articulation back or to the front
depending on the quality of adjacent vowels . They often become automatically fronted , that is partly or completely palatal before a following front vowel , and retracted , that is partly or completely uvular before back vowels .
Palatalised velars ( like English in keen or cube ) are sometimes referred to as palatovelars .
Many languages also have labialized velars , such as , in which the articulation is accompanied by rounding of the lips . There are also labial–velar consonants , which are doubly articulated at the velum and at the lips , such as . This distinction disappears with the approximant consonant since labialization involves adding of a labial approximant articulation to a sound , and this ambiguous situation is often called labiovelar .
A velar trill or tap is not possible according to the International Phonetics Association : see the shaded boxes on the table of pulmonic consonants . In the velar position , the tongue has an extremely restricted ability to carry out the type of motion associated with trills or taps , and the body of the tongue has no freedom to move quickly enough to produce a velar trill or flap .
Examples
The velar consonants identified by the International Phonetic Alphabet are :
Lack of velars
The velar consonant is the most common consonant in human languages . The only languages recorded to lack velars ( and any dorsal consonant at all ) may be Xavante , Tahitian , and ( phonologically but not phonetically ) several Skou languages ( Wutung , a dialect of Vanimo , and Bobe ) . In Pirahã , men may lack the only velar consonant .
Other languages lack simple velars . An areal feature of the indigenous languages of the Americas of the coastal regions of the Pacific Northwest is that historical * k was palatalized . When such sounds remained stops , they were transcribed in Americanist phonetic notation , presumably corresponding to IPA , but in others , such as the Saanich dialect of Coastal Salish , Salish-Spokane-Kalispel , and Chemakum , * k went further and affricated to . Likewise , historical * k ' has become and historical * x has become ; there was no * g or * ŋ . In the Northwest Caucasian languages , historical * has also become palatalized , becoming in Ubykh and in most Circassian varieties . In both regions the languages retain a labialized velar series ( e.g . in the Pacific Northwest ) and uvular consonants . In the languages of those families that retain plain velars , both the plain and labialized velars are pre-velar , perhaps to make them more distinct from the uvulars which may be post-velar . Prevelar consonants are susceptible to palatalization . A similar system , contrasting with and leaving marginal at best , is reconstructed for Proto-Indo-European .
Apart from the voiced stop , no other velar consonant is particularly common , even the and that occur in English . Of course , there can be no phoneme in a language that lacks voiced stops , like Mandarin Chinese , but it is sporadically missing elsewhere . Of the languages surveyed in the World Atlas of Language Structures , about 10 % of languages that otherwise have been missing .
Pirahã has both a and a phonetically . However , the does not behave as other consonants , and the argument has been made that it is phonemically , leaving Pirahã with only as an underlyingly velar consonant .
Hawaiian does not distinguish from ; tends toward at the beginning of utterances , before , and is variable elsewhere , especially in the dialect of Niihau and Kauai . Since Hawaiian has no , and varies between and , it is not clearly meaningful to say that Hawaiian has phonemic velar consonants .
Several Khoisan languages have limited numbers or distributions of pulmonic velar consonants . ( Their click consonants are articulated in the uvular or possibly velar region , but that occlusion is part of the airstream mechanism rather than the place of articulation of the consonant . ) Khoekhoe , for example , does not allow velars in medial or final position , but in Juǀ'hoan velars are rare even in initial position .
consonants
Normal velar consonants are dorso-velar : The dorsum ( body ) of the tongue rises to contact the velum ( soft palate ) of the roof of the mouth . In disordered speech there are also velo-dorsal stops , with the opposite articulation : The velum lowers to contact the tongue , which remains static . In the extensions to the IPA for disordered speech , these are transcribed by reversing the IPA letter for a velar consonant , e.g . ⟨⟩ for a voiceless velodorsal stop , ⟨⟩ for voiced , and ⟨⟩ for nasal .
See also
Velarization
Place of articulation
List of phonetics topics
Notes
References
Further reading
Place of articulation
Braas may refer to :
Braås , a locality situated in Växjö Municipality , Kronoberg County , Sweden
Lothar Alfred Braas ( author abbreviation : Braas , 1942-1995 ) , a German botanist
Roel Braas ( born 1987 ) , a Dutch rower
PT Hero Supermarket Tbk , commonly known as Hero , is a large retailer in Indonesia . It is a subsidiary of DFI Retail Group .
Hero first opened in 1971 , and now operates more than 700 locations in Indonesia , under six different brands . Hero operates hypermarkets and supermarkets under the Hero name , as well as Giant Ekspres and Ekstra . Hero also operates Guardian Healthy & Beauty Stores as well as IKEA stores , and operated convenience stores under the Starmart name until 2016 .
In 2021 , Hero would retire the Giant brand from 31 July 2021 . Some of the currently operated stores will be converted into Hero while 5 large-size Giant stores will be converted into IKEA stores ; as what had been done in 2019 when IKEA replaced a standalone Giant hypermarket in Sentul , Bogor , West Java .
References
1971 establishments in Indonesia
1980s initial public offerings
Indonesian companies established in 1971
Supermarkets of Indonesia
Companies based in Tangerang
Companies listed on the Indonesia Stock Exchange
Department stores of Indonesia
DFI Retail Group
Retail companies established in 1971
Ma Jiliang ( 7 May 1914 – 23 August 1988 ) , born Ma Jizong and better known by his pen name Tang Na , also known as Ma Shaoliang , was a Chinese writer . He was the second husband of actress Jiang Qing , who after their divorce married Mao Zedong .
References
1914 births
1988 deaths
Ciénaga de Oro ( ) meaning `` Golden Marsh '' , is a town and municipality located in the Córdoba Department , northern Colombia .
References
Cordoba
The Loudwater Mystery may refer to :
The Loudwater Mystery ( novel ) , a 1920 crime novel by Edgar Jepson
The Loudwater Mystery ( film ) , a 1921 film adaptation directed by Walter West
Eilema creatoplaga is a moth of the subfamily Arctiinae . It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo , Kenya , South Africa and Uganda .
References
creatoplaga
Moths of Africa
Moths described in 1901
Santa Cruz de Rosales is a town and seat of the municipality of Rosales , in the northern Mexican state of Chihuahua . As of 2010 , the town had a population of 5,570 , up from 5,377 as of 2005
History
The Rosales region , formed by the middle and lower reaches of the San Pedro River , was evangelized during the seventeenth century by Franciscans who settled among the indigenous Conchos and founded the Misión de San Pedro de Conchos in the mid-17th century . In 1714 , the Franciscans planted a new mission with the name of Santa Cruz de Tapacolmes on the eastern side of the Río San Pedro and west of what is today the city of Delicias . The mission remained at that place until 1753 , when it was relocated to its current place on the western side of the Río San Pedro , to improve defensibility from native attacks . The grounds where the new settlement was founded were donated by Sergeant Major Juan Antonio Trasviña y Retes and Nueva Vizcaya governor Manuel de San Juan y Santa Cruz . The settlement received the epithet of Tapacolmes by the Indians that Trasviña y Retes brought from the Ojinaga region to populate the settlement .
Santa Cruz de Tapacolmes became an important population center of the region . It was first a subdivision of the township of Chihuahua . In 1820 , with the reinstatement of the Constitution of Cadiz , it was designated the seat of the new Municipalidad de Tapacolmes and a town hall was constructed . On July 12 , 1831 a decree of the Congress of Chihuahua gave it the status of Villa and the town and municipality was renamed Santa Cruz de Rosales in honor of the insurgent revolutionary hero Víctor Rosales . The name was soon simplified by the locals to Rosales .
In 1848 , after the signing of the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo in February , the state of Chihuahua was again invaded by the US army under General Sterling Price , claiming the existence of a state of war between the two countries and rejecting the explanations of Governor Ángel Trías Álvarez , who had participated in signing the peace treaty . Trias then retreated with his Chihuahua government to Rosales , where on March 16 , 1848 Price 's forces attacked the Mexican garrison under what has come to be known as the Battle of Santa Cruz de Rosales . The Mexicans resisted under the command of Trías until they were exhausted , at which point they had to surrender . After Price 's superiors in the US learned of the action , Price was recalled back to El Paso with his forces and reprimanded for his insubordinate and unauthorized behavior .
In 1862 , on his retreat to the north of Mexico in the face of the invasion of Mexico by the French forces of Napoleon III , President Benito Juárez arrived at Rosales , who was received with a banquet and dance in his honor . During the celebration , Juárez agreed to dance to the second song played during the festivities , a polka called `` La Escobita '' which was to his great liking . When he later moved to the city of Chihuahua , he had chance to hear the piece again but , as he did not know its name , he called the song La Segunda de Rosales , a name that acquired popular roots and how it is still known to this day .
Towards the end of the 19th century and the first half of the 20th century , the importance of Rosales in the region declined to the benefit of the nearby Villa of Meoqui , where the central railway passed through . But in the second half of the 20th century , the region received a great boost . In the 1940s , the federal government built the Francisco I. Madero Dam , better known as the Las Vírgenes Dam , just five kilometers upstream from Rosales and which , together with other flood control structures recently built , created Irrigation District 05 , today one of the most productive agricultural zones in the state of Chihuahua . ( The Municipality of Delicias , formed in 1935 from parts of the Santa Cruz de Rosales and the Meoqui municipalities , became the greatest beneficiary of this water project . )
On January 22 , 1992 , a new decree of the Congress of Chihuahua restored the original name of Santa Cruz de Rosales to the community .
Location and Demographics
Santa Cruz de Rosales is located in the central area of the state of Chihuahua and in the valley formed by the San Pedro River , one of the main rivers in the state and a tributary of the Conchos River . The town is located in the northern margin of the municipality of Rosales at the geographical coordinates and sits at an altitude of 1,180 meters above sea level . Two state roads connect Santa Cruz de Rosales with its closest neighbors , Meoqui and Delicias , which are 25 and 15 kilometers away respectively . The road that joins Santa Cruz de Rosales to Meoqui also connects it with Congregación Ortíz , the second most populated town in the municipality .
According to the results of the Population and Housing Census conducted by the National Institute of Statistics and Geography in 2010 , the total population of Santa Cruz de Rosales is 5,570 inhabitants , with 2,746 men and 2,824 women . This makes it the 27th-largest municipality in Chihuahua by population .
See also
Battle of Santa Cruz de Rosales
References
Populated places in Chihuahua ( state )
The Great Shake is the fourth studio album by the Italian band Planet Funk , released on 20 September 2011 .
Track listing
`` All Your Love ''
`` Another Sunrise ''
`` The Great Shake ''
`` How Should I Know ''
`` Just Another Try ''
`` Live It Up ''
`` Ora il mondo è perfetto '' ( featuring Giuliano Sangiorgi )
`` The Other Side ''
`` You Remain ''
Charts
References
2011 albums
Planet Funk albums
Joachim Raabe ( born 1974 ) is a German church musician and a composer of sacred music , especially of the genre Neues Geistliches Lied .
Career
Born in Haiger , Raabe studied church music from 1997 to 2002 at the Hochschule für Musik Detmold . He was then the church musician of the parish St. Peter und Paul in Villmar , and the leader of Tonspuren , a band of young people in Villmar . From 2005 to 2012 , he was church musician of the Westerwälder Dom in Wirges . He was also until 2013 Geschäftsführer of the commission Arbeitskreis Kirchenmusik und Jugendseelsorge im Bistum Limburg of the Diocese of Limburg .
Raabe joined in 2013 the ecumenical association inTAKT for the support of Neues Geistliches Lied , art , culture and education , for which he has composed new songs and conducted events of continued education . He was editor , together with Patrick Dehm , of Weil der Himmel uns braucht , a song book for choir and band published by the Dehm Verlag in 2009 .
His song `` Glauben können wie du '' on a text by Helmut Schlegel is included in the Catholic hymnal Gotteslob as GL 885 in the regional part for Limburg . The song was included in the oratorio Laudato with music by Peter Reulein , premiered in 2016 .
Selected works
2007
Die Welt in 7 Tagen , on a text by Dietmar Fischenich
Tohuwabohu , children 's musical
Songs on texts by Eugen Eckert
`` Aus deiner Hand ''
`` Komm uns nahe , Gott ''
`` You 'll receive the power – Ihr empfangt die Kraft ''
2009
Farbigkeit steckt an Habakuk
Weil der Himmel uns braucht , song book for choir and band by Patrick Dehm and Raabe , Dehm Verlag , Lahn-Verlag
References
External links
Neues Geistliche Lied inTakt
German composers
1974 births
Living people
Ambarcık is a village in the Çavdır district of Burdur Province in Turkey .
References
Villages in Çavdır District
The Salome Wilderness of Tonto National Forest is a protected area in the rim country of the southwestern US . The Salome Wilderness lies within the Sierra Ancha mountain range in Gila County , Arizona .
Ecology
Prominent perennial streams within this wilderness area are Workman Creek and Salome Creek . The region has a diverse flora and fauna . Within this part of the Sierra Ancha Range there are notable disjunctive populations of Coastal woodfern , Dryopteris arguta ; this fern is otherwise common in areas nearer the Pacific coast .
References
Tom Dollar and Jerry Sieve . 1999 . Guide to Arizona 's Wilderness Areas , Big Earth Publishing , , 304 pages
C. Michael Hogan . 2008 . Coastal Woodfern ( Dryopteris arguta ) , GlobalTwitcher , ed . N. Stromberg
Protected areas of Gila County , Arizona
IUCN Category Ib
Wilderness areas of Arizona
Tonto National Forest
Wiborgia is an genus of plants in the family Fabaceae . It is found in Africa and was named for Erik Viborg by Carl Peter Thunberg .
References
Crotalarieae
Flora of Africa
Fabaceae genera
Argentine Uruguayans are people born in Argentina who live in Uruguay . In 2010 , there were over 10,000 Argentines living in Uruguayan territory .
Overview
Many Argentine-born persons reside in Uruguay , for a number of reasons . Both countries share the same language , culture and ethnicity and their populations bear striking similarities ; the historical origins of both nations is common ( part of the Viceroyalty of the River Plate , Spanish Empire ) ; both countries are members of MERCOSUR , there is no need for special migration documents , and circulation is relatively easy . Uruguay is a small , quiet country , with wide beaches on the Atlantic Ocean , so many Argentines choose Uruguay as their usual holiday destination , some of them even as permanent residence ; Argentine people come to Uruguay in search of a better quality of life . The Uruguayan resort Punta del Este is famous as `` the biggest Argentine seaside resort '' .
The 2011 Uruguayan census revealed 26,782 people who declared Argentina as their country of birth . In 2013 , there were almost 6,000 Argentine citizens registered in the Uruguayan social security .
Argentines in Uruguay have their own institutions , such as the Uruguayan-Argentine Institute , a bilingual school in Punta del Este .
In 2022 , It was confirmed Colonia was going to make a Silicon Valley in Colonia called 'Colonia Ala Este ' to bring more Argentine immigrants due to the bad economy in Argentina doubling their population making their goal reach to about 60,000 people in total in Colonia . With an initial investment of more than US $ 100 million , it was planned to build a sustainable city open to the community to generate a hub for the knowledge economy industry on a 500-hectare site , which includes forests and seven kilometers of coastline . with beaches such as Calabrés and Fernando .
Notable people
past
Torcuato de Alvear ( 1822-1890 ) , politician , son and father of presidents of Argentina
Virginia Bolten ( 1870-1960 ) , activist
Roberto Capablanca ( 1929-2013 ) , comedian
Manuel Arturo Claps ( 1920-1999 ) , writer , member of the Generation of 45
Esteban Echeverría ( 1805-1851 ) , poet , writer , and political activist
Matilde Ibáñez Tálice ( 1907-2002 ) , First Lady of Uruguay as wife of President Luis Batlle Berres , and mother of President Jorge Batlle Ibáñez
Tristán Narvaja ( 1819-1877 ) , legal scholar , compiler of the Uruguayan Civil Code
José Rondeau ( 1773-1844 ) , general , Provisional Governor and Captain General of Uruguay ( 1828 )
Alberto Zum Felde ( 1887-1976 ) , historian , essayist and critic
present
Thelma Biral , actress , studied with Margarita Xirgu and started her theatre career in Montevideo
Julio Bocca , ballet dancer , current director of SODRE National Ballet
Martín Bonjour , footballer
Emiliano Brancciari , musician
Roberto Reinaldo Cáceres González , bishop emeritus of Melo
Gustavo Cordera , musician , frontman of the band Bersuit Vergarabat
Cacho de la Cruz , television presenter
Carlos María Domínguez , journalist
Marcos Galperin , businessman , founder and CEO of MercadoLibre
Macarena Gelman , politician , granddaughter of poet Juan Gelman
Gabriel Migliónico , footballer
Mónica Navarro , singer and actress
Daniel Pereira , footballer
See also
Argentina–Uruguay relations
Uruguayans in Argentina
References
Immigration to Uruguay
Ethnic groups in Uruguay
Uruguay
Arthur Joe Karpus ( January 16 , 1898 – March 15 , 1983 ) was an American football , basketball and baseball player . He attended the University of Michigan from 1917 to 1923 , winning a total of seven varsity letters , three in basketball , three in baseball and one in football . He played for Big Ten Conference championship teams in football ( 1918 ) , baseball ( 1919 ) and basketball ( 1921 ) . He was captain of the 1920–21 Michigan Wolverines men 's basketball team that won the school 's first conference championship in basketball . He was Michigan 's leading scorer in basketball during both his junior and senior seasons . Karpus later played three years of minor league baseball from 1921 to 1923 . After graduating from Michigan , Karpus worked as a mechanical engineer . He was employed by the Michigan State Highway Commission from approximately 1937 until his retirement in 1967 .
Early years
Karpus was born in 1898 and raised in Bay City and Grayling , Michigan . His father , Stephen Karpus , emigrated to the United States in 1889 and worked as a sawmill hand in Bay City . His mother , Helen ( Kitze ) Karpus was also an immigrant . In 1900 , Karpus was living in Bay City with his parents and three older sisters .
University of Michigan
Karpus enrolled at the University of Michigan where he played for the football , basketball and baseball teams . As a freshman in 1917 , he played at the end position for Michigan 's all-freshman football team .
As a sophomore during the 1918–19 academic year , Karpus lettered in football , basketball , and baseball . He played at the end and halfback positions for the undefeated 1918 Michigan Wolverines football team that won the Big Ten Conference and national championships . He also played center for the 1919 basketball team . In February 1919 , he made a basket in the second overtime period to give Michigan a 19–17 win over Michigan Agricultural College ( now Michigan State ) . He also scored 13 of Michigan 's points in a 38–20 win over Ohio State later that same month . He also played third base for the undefeated 1919 baseball team that won the Big Ten Conference championship .
As a junior during the 1919–20 academic year , Karpus was academically ineligible to play football in the fall . However , he again lettered in basketball and baseball . Playing at the forward position , he played in eight games , scoring 22 baskets from the floor and 31 free throws for a total of 75 points . At the end of the 1920 basketball season , Karpus was elected captain of the 1921 basketball team .
As a senior during the 1920–21 academic year , Karpus was once again declared academically ineligible in the fall . However , his eligibility was restored in December , allowing him to participate in most of the basketball season . Despite missing several games , Karpus , playing at the forward position , was the team 's high scorer for the second straight year , and he led the team from a last place finish the prior year to a three-way tie for the Big Ten Conference basketball championship . The 1921 basketball team compiled a record of 16–4 and won both games against Michigan Agricultural for the first time in the history of the rivalry . In a summary of the 1921 basketball season , the University of Michigan yearbook praised Karpus ' contributions :
In any consideration of the players on the 1921 Varsity , Captain Joe Karpus leads , because of his high scoring ability , and the spirit which he put into the team . Karpus was the leading scorer of the team , both this year and last . He also ranked high in the Conference . It was his foul shooting that pulled more than one game out of the fire , during 1921 . His performance in the first Illinois game , when he threw nine fouls out of a possible eleven will stand out as one of the most brilliant individual records of the season . Karpus coupled to his basket shooting ability an uncanny knack at dribbling .
Karpus also played third base for the 1921 baseball team . The 1921 Michiganensian noted of Karpus : `` When a hit was needed in a pinch , Coach Fisher could usually count on Joe who handled third base in a remarkable fashion . It was Karpus ' third year on the Varsity . ''
Minor league baseball
After graduating from Michigan , Karpus played minor league baseball in the Michigan–Ontario League for the Bay City Wolves in 1921 , the Saginaw Aces in 1922 and the Kalamazoo Celery Pickers in 1923 . He maintained a .326 batting average and a .439 slugging percentage in 37 games for the 1921 Bay City team .
Later years
At the time of the 1930 Census , Karpus was living in Detroit , Michigan with his wife , Angeline `` Angela '' ( Superzynski ) Karpus . He listed his occupation at the time as mechanical engineer at a copper and brass manufacturer . From approximately 1937 to 1967 , Karpus was employed by the Michigan State Highway Commission in Lansing , Michigan , the last 20 years as the Commissions 's equipment manager . He retired in 1967 .
Karpus died in 1983 at Bay City , Michigan .
References
1898 births
1983 deaths
Michigan Wolverines baseball players
Michigan Wolverines football players
Michigan Wolverines men 's basketball players
Sportspeople from Bay City , Michigan
People from Grayling , Michigan
American men 's basketball players
S. Gandhirajan is a Member of the Legislative Assembly ( MLA ) of Vedansandur , Tamil Nadu during the 16th Tamil Nadu Assembly ( 2021-2026 ) . He was elected to represent the constituency Vedasandur , then a constituency of dindigul district ( Earlier under the `` Palani Lok Sabha constituency '' , Currently under the `` Karur Lok Sabha constituency '' ) , in the election of 1991 During his period as MLA , He also held the position as the chairman of the `` Tamilnadu Water and drainage Board department '' ( 1992–1993 ) and also as the deputy speaker of the legislative assembly from 1993 to 1996 .
In 2006 Gandhirajan 's `` sidelining '' by the India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam was considered to have weakened their position in Vedasandur , as Gandhirajan loyalists were less willing to work for the candidate nominated in his place . This led to his decision to join the opposition party Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam led by Dr. M. Karunanidhi ( also cited as Kalaingar ) .
Elections contested
References
Members of the Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly
Living people
People from Karur district
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Tamil Nadu MLAs 1991–1996
Tamil Nadu MLAs 2021–2026
Deputy Speakers of the Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly
Vokkaliga politicians
Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam politicians
The Fokker D.XI was a 1920s Dutch single-seat fighter designed and built by Fokker
Design and development
The D.XI was designed by Reinhold Platz for Fokker and first flew on 23 March 1923 . It was a single-seat sesquiplane ( the lower wing was smaller than the upper ) with a fixed tailskid landing gear . Due to financial problems , the Dutch government did not place an order , but 117 were built for export . There were some minor changes in design between customers , but all had the single-bay v-strut wing and powered by a 224 kW ( 300 hp ) Hispano-Suiza piston engine . The twin radiators for the engine were mounted on the sides of the nose .
Operational history
The main customer was the USSR who operated the aircraft until 1929 . The United States Army bought three aircraft for evaluation with the designation PW-7 and powered by a 328 kW ( 440 hp ) Curtiss D.12 . 50 aircraft on order for Germany were cancelled .
Operators
Argentine Army Aviation operated one aircraft
Royal Romanian Air Force
Soviet Air Force
Spanish Air Force
Swiss Air Force
United States Army Air Service
Specifications
Notes
References
John Andrade , U.S.Military Aircraft Designations and Serials since 1909 , Midland Counties Publications , 1979 , ( Page 160 )
The Illustrated Encyclopedia of Aircraft ( Part Work 1982-1985 ) , 1985 , Orbis Publishing , pages 1874/5
Los Fokker argentinos ( Período 1919-1942 )
1920s Dutch fighter aircraft
D 11
Sesquiplanes
Aircraft first flown in 1923
Angelo Orlando ( born 11 August 1965 ) is an Italian professional football coach and a former midfielder . He is currently an assistant director for FA Euro in New York .
Playing career
Orlando began his career in 1983 with Varese , where he remained for two seasons , before moving to Triestina in 1985 . In 1988 , he was transferred to Udinese , where he remained until he was acquired by Inter in 1991 , later winning an UEFA Cup in 1994 . In 1995 , he moved to Cremonese for two seasons , before ending his career with Juve Stabia during the 1997–98 season .
Managerial career
After retiring , he pursued a career as a coach , initially leading the Triestina Youth team , and later becoming an assistant manager for Latvian side FK Ventspils , alongside Carmine Balleri , where he managed a second-place finish in the top domestic league division .
Honours
Player
Inter
UEFA Cup : 1993–94
References
1965 births
Living people
People from San Cataldo , Sicily
Footballers from Sicily
Italian footballers
Association football midfielders
Serie A players
Serie B players
S.S.D . Varese Calcio players
U.S. Triestina Calcio 1918 players
Udinese Calcio players
Inter Milan players
U.S. Cremonese players
S.S. Juve Stabia players
Italian expatriates in Latvia
UEFA Cup winning players
Sportspeople from the Province of Caltanissetta
Katarzyna Weiss ( born 9 February 1970 in Mochy ) is a Polish sprint canoeist who competed in the late 1980s . She finished eighth in the K-4 500 m event at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul .
References
Sports-reference.com profile
1970 births
Canoeists at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Living people
Olympic canoeists of Poland
Polish female canoeists
People from Wolsztyn County
Sportspeople from Greater Poland Voivodeship
The Houston Chamber Choir is a professional chamber choir based in Houston , Texas . It was founded in 1995 by Artistic Director Robert Simpson . The ensemble regularly presents a five-concert series of diverse , innovative choral programming throughout the Houston region . They have appeared nationally at the American Choral Directors Association convention , the Chorus America convention , Spoleto Festival USA , Trinity Church in Manhattan , and Yale University . The choir also has toured internationally in Mexico and Wales .
The choir won its first Grammy Award for the 2019 recording Duruflé : Complete Choral Works .
Recordings
The Blue Estuaries : American Choral Music ( Zephyr , 2001 )
Ravishingly Russian ( MSR Classics , 2009 )
Psalmi ad Vesperas ( MSR Classics , 2012 )
Soft Blink of Amber Light ( MSR Classics , 2015 )
Rothko Chapel : Morton Feldman , Erik Satie , John Cage ( ECM , 2015 )
Behold the Star ! Christmas at the Villa ( 2018 )
Duruflé : Complete Choral Works ( Signum Classics , 2019 )
Bob Chilcott : Circlesong ( Signum Classics , 2022 )
Collaborations
The Houston Chamber Choir has performed and collaborated with some of the world 's leading artists , including Anton Armstrong , Jamie Bernstein , Alex Blachly , Marguerite Brooks , Dave Brubeck , Simon Carrington , Bob Chilcott , Cynthia Clawson , Manfred Cordes , Ken Cowan , Joseph Flummerfelt , María Guinand , Paul Hillier , Kim Kashkashian , Christian McBride , Bill McGlaughlin , Kim Nazarian , Peter Phillips , Elena Sharkova , and Steven Schick .
Commissions
Beyond the known and celebrated choral works , the Houston Chamber Choir is also a champion of contemporary choral music , having expanded the repertoire with nearly a dozen commissions of new works . All but one of the compositions from Soft Blink of Amber Light are works commissioned and premiered by the ensemble . Composers commissioned by the choir include Dominick DiOrio , Jocelyn Hagen , Daniel J. Knaggs , Christian McBride , Christopher Theofanidis , and David Ashley White .
Awards and accolades
In 2015 , the choir was the winner of The American Prize for Choral Performance .
Its two 2015 albums , Soft Blink of Amber Light and Rothko Chapel : Morton Feldman , Erik Satie , John Cage have been met with international acclaim . The Rothko Chapel project , recorded in partnership with Da Camera of Houston Artistic Director Sarah Rothenberg , was a US Billboard Top 10 and UK Top 20 Classical Album and was named one of the Best Classical Recordings of 2015 by the Chicago Tribune .
The choir is the recipient of the 2018 Margaret Hillis Award for Choral Excellence given by Chorus America .
The 2019 recording Duruflé : Complete Choral Works was the choir 's first Grammy Award Nomination and it won the Grammy for Best Choral Performance .
The Houston Chamber Choir was selected to perform as one of the twenty-four choirs at the World Symposium on Choral Music sponsored by the International Federation for Choral Music in Auckland , New Zealand , in July 2020 .
References
External links
Official website
1995 establishments in Texas
Chamber choirs
Choirs in Texas
Culture of Houston
Music of Houston
Grammy Award winners
Musical groups established in 1995
Musical groups from Houston
Performing arts in Texas
Texas classical music
A Tale of Three Cities ( ) is a 2015 Chinese-Hong Kong war romance film directed by Mabel Cheung . The film is about the real love story of two people ( Charles and Lee-Lee Chan , parents of Jackie Chan ) who met in Wuhu during the Second Sino-Japanese War in the 1930s , separated in Shanghai during the Chinese Civil War in the 1940s , and finally reunited in Hong Kong in the 1950s while their children from previous marriages were left behind in mainland China ( whom they would not see again until 38 years later ) . Jackie Chan reportedly `` cried and cried , until the end of the film '' when he watched the film by himself .
Cast
Sean Lau as Fang Daolong
Tang Wei as Chen Yuerong
Qin Hailu as Sister Qiu
Jing Boran as Shou Maihua
Huang Jue as Master Zhou
Elaine Jin as Yuerong 's mother
Li Jianyi as grandfather
Jiao Gang
Philip Chan
See also
Traces of a Dragon , 2003 documentary film on Jackie Chan 's parents , also directed by Cheung
References
External links
2015 films
Hong Kong war drama films
Hong Kong romantic drama films
Hong Kong epic films
2010s war films
2010s romance films
Chinese war drama films
Chinese romantic drama films
Films based on actual events
Films set in the 1940s
Films set in the 1930s
Films set in the 1950s
Heyi Pictures films
Films set in Hong Kong
Films set in Shanghai
Films set in Anhui
Films directed by Mabel Cheung
2010s Hong Kong films
This is a list of Spanish football transfers for the winter sale in the 2019–20 season of La Liga . Only moves from La Liga are listed .
The Spanish winter transfer window opened on 2 January 2020 , although a few transfers were announced prior to that date . The window closed at midnight on 31 January 2020 . Players without a club can join one at any time , either during or in between transfer windows . Clubs below La Liga level can also sign players on loan at any time . If need be , clubs can sign a goalkeeper on an emergency loan , if all others are unavailable .
Winter 2019–20 La Liga transfer window
Note : Clubs highlighted in bold form part of the 2019–20 La Liga .
References
Transfers
Spain
2019-20
Caribou County is a county located in the U.S. state of Idaho . As of the 2020 Census the county had a population of 7,027 . The county seat and largest city is Soda Springs .
History
Robert Stuart explored the area of Soda Springs in 1812 . Donald McKenzie also explored the area in 1819 . The explorers were followed by trappers , missionaries , and emigrants that would travel through on the Oregon Trail . Soda Springs ' namesake springs were an attraction for the trappers who met there to socialize on November 10 , 1833 . Missionaries and emigrant journal entries describing the springs date back to John K. Townsend 's journal entry of July 8 , 1834 .
In May , 1863 , members of the Morrisite religious sect took refuge at the junction of Soda Creek and Bear River where they formed Morristown . At the direction of General Patrick E. Conner , a fort was constructed in the fall of 1863 for their protection . Soda Springs was established as the county seat of Oneida County when it was created January 22 , 1864 , serving as the county seat until 1866 . The 1870 census lists a population of 144 for Soda Springs . Settlement of the present town of Soda Springs occurred in May , 1871 when Brigham Young and other Mormons purchased land at the present site of Soda Springs . Young would often recreate on his property holdings there .
Settlement in the western portion of the county from Thatcher to Chesterfield was primarily ranching and farming operations up until 1880 . Chester Call , Chesterfield 's namesake arrived in 1880 , bring his family in 1881 . The towns of Chesterfield and Squaw Creek Station were settled in 1882 . Squaw Creek Station was the initial name for Bancroft that was established when the railroad was built . It was renamed Bancroft on July 23 , 1898 . Settlement at the town of Grace commenced in 1893 . Chesterfield declined in population while Grace and Bancroft endured .
All present Caribou County became a part of Bingham County when it was created on January 13 , 1885 . The 1890 census lists four precincts of Chesterfield , Gentile Valley ( now Thatcher ) , Little Blackfoot ( now Henry ) , and Soda Springs with a combined population of 1,722 . The Caribou precinct with 342 residents also contained residents within present-day Caribou County , but also included territory now in Bonneville County .
Bannock County was established on March 6 , 1893 . Bancroft , Chesterfield , Chubb Springs ( now Henry ) , Gentile Valley ( now Thatcher ) , Salt River ( now Freedom ) , and Soda Springs were in existence at the 1900 census with a combined population of 3,430 .
When the legislature formed Caribou County on February 11 , 1919 , Bannock County retained the Gem , Gentile Valley , and Upper Portneuf valleys . The retained area contained 4,486 residents at the 1920 Census , declining to 3,572 residents by the 1940 Census . On January 11 , 1948 , the residents of this area voted to become part of Caribou County .
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 1.9 % ) is water . The county 's highpoint is Meade Peak at 9,963 ft ( 3036.8 m ) above sea level .
Adjacent counties
Bonneville County - north
Lincoln County , Wyoming - east
Bear Lake County - south
Franklin County - south
Bannock County - west
Bingham County - northwest
National protected areas
Cache National Forest ( part )
Caribou National Forest ( part )
Grays Lake National Wildlife Refuge ( part )
Major highways
US 30
SH-34
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000 , there were 7,304 people , 2,560 households , and 1,978 families living in the county . The population density was 4 people per square mile ( 2/km2 ) . There were 3,188 housing units at an average density of 2 per square mile ( 1/km2 ) . The racial makeup of the county was 96.14 % White , 0.05 % Black or African American , 0.21 % Native American , 0.08 % Asian , 0.12 % Pacific Islander , 2.20 % from other races , and 1.19 % from two or more races . 3.96 % of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race . 29.7 % were of English , 12.2 % German , 11.0 % American , 8.2 % Danish and 5.5 % Irish ancestry .
There were 2,560 households , out of which 39.60 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 69.30 % were married couples living together , 5.20 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 22.70 % were non-families . 20.40 % of all households were made up of individuals , and 10.30 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older . The average household size was 2.83 and the average family size was 3.29 .
In the county , the population was spread out , with 31.70 % under the age of 18 , 8.20 % from 18 to 24 , 24.50 % from 25 to 44 , 22.00 % from 45 to 64 , and 13.60 % who were 65 years of age or older . The median age was 35 years . For every 100 females there were 99.20 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 98.60 males .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 37,609 , and the median income for a family was $ 42,630 . Males had a median income of $ 38,575 versus $ 20,085 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 15,179 . About 7.00 % of families and 9.60 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 10.60 % of those under age 18 and 9.90 % of those age 65 or over .
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census , there were 6,963 people , 2,606 households , and 1,936 families living in the county . The population density was . There were 3,226 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 95.3 % white , 0.3 % American Indian , 0.2 % Pacific islander , 0.2 % Asian , 0.1 % black or African American , 2.3 % from other races , and 1.5 % from two or more races . Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 4.8 % of the population . In terms of ancestry , 27.5 % were English , 17.0 % were German , 7.2 % were Swedish , 7.0 % were Danish , 5.0 % were Irish , and 4.3 % were American .
Of the 2,606 households , 35.0 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 64.3 % were married couples living together , 6.1 % had a female householder with no husband present , 25.7 % were non-families , and 22.9 % of all households were made up of individuals . The average household size was 2.64 and the average family size was 3.12 . The median age was 37.7 years .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 44,958 and the median income for a family was $ 53,615 . Males had a median income of $ 45,904 versus $ 23,837 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 20,637 . About 4.2 % of families and 8.4 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 10.4 % of those under age 18 and 5.0 % of those age 65 or over .
Communities
Cities
Bancroft
Grace
Soda Springs
Unincorporated communities
Conda
Freedom
Henry
Wayan
Politics
Like all of archconservative Mormon southeastern Idaho , Caribou County has been overwhelmingly Republican since the middle 1960s . The last Democrat to carry the county was Lyndon B. Johnson in 1964 . In fact , in no presidential election subsequent to that landslide has any Democratic nominee cracked one-third of the county 's vote .
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Caribou County , Idaho
County Parcel Map
References
Idaho placenames of Native American origin
1919 establishments in Idaho
Populated places established in 1919
Idaho counties
Sturry railway station is a railway station Kent , England , serving Sturry and Fordwich on the Ashford to Ramsgate line in Kent . It is north east of Canterbury West , and lies either side of a level crossing . The station and all trains serving it are operated by Southeastern .
Location and facilities
The station is north of Sturry village . It is also the nearest station to the town of Fordwich .
The two platforms are staggered and are either side of the A28 road which passes through a central level crossing . The A291 road to Herne Bay is also near the station . Platform 1 provides services towards , and London . Platform 2 provides services towards and . This platform also has a part-time staffed booking office and ticket machines .
History
The station was opened by the South Eastern Railway on 1 June 1847 It was on the line from to , which had opened on 13 April the previous year . A booking office was added in 1851 .
In 1887 , the station was renamed Sturry for Herne Bay . It reverted to its original name around 1898 .
The line through the station was electrified in 1962 , with new services starting on 18 June .
Services
All services at Sturry are operated by Southeastern using and EMUs .
The typical off-peak service in trains per hour is :
1 tph to via
1 tph to
During the peak hours , the station is also served by trains to London Charing Cross and London Cannon Street via .
The station is also served by a single early morning service to London St Pancras International , operated by a EMU .
References
Citations
Sources
External links
City of Canterbury
Railway stations in Kent
Former South Eastern Railway ( UK ) stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1847
Railway stations served by Southeastern
1847 establishments in England
John Mellors ( 15 April 1947 - 1 May 2021 ) was a former senior Australian public servant . Between 1994 and 1997 he was Secretary of the Department of Administrative Services .
Life and career
Mellors was born in London , gained a degree in economics and accounting from the University of Bristol in 1968 and held academic positions at UK universities from 1969 to 1973 . In 1973 he joined the staff of the European Commission in Brussels before being recruited to the Australian Public Service . He became an Australian citizen in 1978 .
Mellors was Director-General of the Victorian Department of Planning and Urban Growth between 1988 and 1990 , before taking up a position as Executive General Manager in the Corporate Branch of the Department of Administrative Services .
Between 1994 and 1997 , Mellors was Secretary of the Department of Administrative Services .
Mellors served in the Australian Public Service for 22 years , but in 1997 , when his department was abolished , he was given just five days ' notice to leave . According to political journalist Laurie Oakes , Mellors felt angry over the Government 's decision for his department , and that he and his executive staff had been wronged by the Government of the day .
Mellors subsequently worked as an international development consultant on both short- and longer -term assignments , primarily in South East Asia and the South Pacific , before retiring in 2013 .
Awards
Mellors received a Centenary Medal in 2001 for service to Australian society through public service leadership .
References
Australian public servants
Recipients of the Centenary Medal
1947 births
2021 deaths
Alimera Sciences , Inc. is a biopharmaceutical company based in Alpharetta , Georgia that specializes in the commercialization and development of prescription ophthalmic pharmaceuticals . The company 's main focus is on diseases affecting the back of the eye , or retina . Its main product is Iluvien , a fluocinolone acetonide intravitreal implant .
History
Alimera was founded in June 2003 by Dan Myers , Daniel White , Dave Holland and Mark Testerman . Three of the founders were previously part of Ciba Vision Ophthalmics , which was renamed Novartis Ophthalmics following a merger .
In 2004 , Alimera Sciences introduced Soothe emollient ( lubricant ) eye drops for people with dry eyes . Soothe was the first lubricant eye drop to feature Restoryl , a lipid restorative that works to re-establish the lipid ( oily ) layer of tears , promoting sustained moisture retention . Soothe was a mineral oil in water emulsion developed by Chris Brancewicz ( then at Clarkson University ) for Ocular Research of Boston from 1996 to 2001 . Soothe was sold to Bausch & Lomb in August 2007 .
In 2006 , Alimera Sciences developed and submitted for U.S. Food and Drug Administration approval an application for a prescription to over-the-counter drug switch of 0.025 % ketotifen fumarate , for the temporary relief of ocular itch . This product , Alaway , was approved by the Food and Drug Administration in December 2006 and was sold along with a potential future line extension to Bausch & Lomb , which began marketing Alaway in spring 2007 .
The company 's main product , Iluvien , is a sustained release intravitreal implant that delivers sub-microgram levels of fluocinolone acetonide for 36 months . Alimera conducted two phase 3 clinical trials for Iluvien involving 956 patients in sites across the United States , Canada , Europe and India to assess the efficacy and safety of Iluvien at two dose levels . The company submitted the Iluvien new drug application to the FDA in June 2010 and was granted priority review in August 2010 . In December 2010 , November 2011 , and October 2013 the Food and Drug Administration issued complete response letters stating that it was unable to approve a new drug application for Iluvien . Alimera met with the Food and Drug Administration in December 2013 and entered into labeling discussions . As a result , the company plans to refile with the FDA in early 2014 .
In July 2010 , a marketing authorization application for Iluvien was submitted to seven European countries via the Decentralized Regulatory Procedure with the United Kingdom 's Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency serving as the Reference Member State . The six Concerned Member States include Austria , France , Germany , Italy , Spain and Portugal .
In February 2012 , based on a consensus arrived upon by the Reference Member State and the Concerned Member States , the Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency issued its Final Assessment Report that Iluvien is approvable . The company was tasked with seeking individual marketing authorizations in each of the seven countries . As of January 2014 , Iluvien has been approved in Austria , France , Germany , Portugal , Spain , and the U.K. for the treatment of vision impairment associated with chronic diabetic macular edema considered insufficiently responsive to available therapies . In April 2013 , Alimera began selling Iluvien in Germany and the UK , and intended to begin selling in France in 2014 . Iluvien is available through the U.K. National Health Service . Alimera filed with the Medicines and Healthcare Products Regulatory Agency in the U.K. as the Reference Member State for 10 additional European Union ( EU ) country approvals through the Mutual Recognition Procedure .
In 2019 , the U.K. 's National Institute for Health and Care Excellence has recommended funding for Iluvien as treatment for noninfectious posterior uveitis . The drug has also been indicated for and funded for the treatment of diabetic macular edema in the United Kingdom .
See also
pSivida , licensor of Iluvien
References
Companies based in Fulton County , Georgia
Pharmaceutical companies of the United States
Pharmaceutical companies established in 2003
Companies listed on the Nasdaq
Health care companies based in Georgia ( US State )
Ludwig II : Longing for Paradise ( Ludwig II : Sensucht nach dem Paradies ) is a German musical in five acts with music by Franz Hummel and book and lyrics by Stephan Barbarino and Heinz Hauser .
The musical was presented at the lavish Festspielhaus Füssen , which was built for it at the edge of the lake below Neuschwanstein Castle . The musical was directed by Barbarino . The story concerns Bavaria 's `` Mad King '' Ludwig II of Bavaria , who came to power in 1864 at the age of 18 , lost a war against Prussia and spent his kingdom 's fortune and sovereignty , and accumulated debts , to build extravagant castles and palaces and to sponsor Richard Wagner and other artists . Ludwig was declared insane and deposed in 1886 , at the age of 41 . He died the next day under suspicious circumstances .
The show immediately sold out to more than half a million tourists and Germans by the time of its premiere on April 7 , 2000 , and it was played year-round and seen by an additional one million audience members by 2003 . The musical was performed in German with supertitles in English and other languages . The theatre is now used for other productions .
Synopsis
Act I : Munich , 1864
At the funeral of his father , King Maximilian II of Bavaria , Ludwig is met by three black Nymphs , who warn him of a lonely life and the dangers of water , women and politics , and encourage him to pursue his dreams and to build fantastical castles . His ministers encourage him to pursue war , but Ludwig dreams of a peaceful Bavaria , dedicated to art .
Act II : Bad Kissingen
At a ball , Ludwig and his cousin Elizabeth ( Sissi ) are in love , but she is married to the Emperor of Austria . Ludwig meets the famous composer Wagner . His ministers are worried about his spending . They force the king to become engaged to Sissi 's sister Sophie , who in turn loves the court photographer Hanfstaengl .
Act III : At the palace
Ludwig feels helpless against his ministers and seeks comfort in music . Sissi , accompanied by the court 's musical director , von Bülow , sings a song about the Eagle and the Seagull , a symbol of her hopeless love for Ludwig . Sophie sings badly on purpose so that Ludwig will feel justified in cancelling their engagement and she can marry Hanfstaengl . Ludwig adores Wagner 's new opera but feels betrayed when he finds the composer in a compromising situation with Bülow 's wife Cosima .
Act IV : The Realm of the Castles
Ludwig agrees to sell Bavaria 's sovereignty to Prussia to found the German Empire . This gives him the money to build Neuschwanstein Castle and his other architectural fantasies . Ludwig becomes known for his nocturnal sleigh-rides and exotic feasts , and indulges in escapist fantasies . His ministers plot to have Ludwig declared insane and then deposed .
Act V : Grotto and Lake
In his crystal grotto under the castle , Ludwig becomes a theatre director , who enacts an orgiastic bacchanal starring Lohengrin and Siegfried . He becomes embroiled in the fantasy and sings a love duet with Sissi . As his ministers are about to depose him , Ludwig relinquishes his royal crown , sceptre and cloak . His fantasies call him to the shore of Lake Starnberg .
References
External links
Book about the making of the musical
Cast album
Video about the musical
Photos of the theatre
2000 musicals
Plays based on real people
Cultural depictions of Ludwig II of Bavaria
German musicals
Primitive Modern is an album by saxophonist and composer Gil Mellé recorded in 1956 and released on the Prestige label .
Reception
Allmusic awarded the album 2 stars .
Track listing
All compositions by Gil Mellé
`` Dominica '' – 5:53
`` Iron Works '' – 3:55
`` Ballet Time '' – 6:44
`` Adventure Swing '' – 5:59
`` Dedicatory Piece to the Geo-Physical Year of 1957 '' – 4:41
`` Mark One '' – 4:47
Personnel
Gil Mellé – baritone saxophone , alto saxophone
Joe Cinderella – guitar
Billy Phipps – bass
Ed Thigpen – drums
Production
Bob Weinstock – supervisor
Rudy Van Gelder – engineer
References
Gil Mellé albums
1956 albums
Prestige Records albums
Albums produced by Bob Weinstock
Albums recorded at Van Gelder Studio
Bryce Building is located on 909 Throckmorton Street in Fort Worth , Texas . The two-story office building was named after businessman and former mayor William Bryce . The building was designed in the Classical Revival style . It was constructed with brick made by Denton Press Brick Company . In 1982 a fire caused major damage to the building . The building currently houses a law firm .
It was added to the National Register on February 23 , 1984 .
Photo gallery
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Tarrant County , Texas
Recorded Texas Historic Landmarks in Tarrant County
References
External links
Architecture in Fort Worth : Bryce Building
National Register of Historic Places in Fort Worth , Texas
Gothic Revival architecture in Texas
Religious buildings and structures completed in 1914
Buildings and structures in Fort Worth , Texas
Recorded Texas Historic Landmarks
Joshua Cowan ( born 16 March 1991 ) is a former professional Australian rules footballer who played for the Geelong Football Club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) . A versatile player , he is able to play in the midfield as well as on the half-back line .
Schooling life
Cowan 's school life began at Daylesford Primary School where he established himself as an avid sportsman , during this time he joined Daylesford Football Club . He moved on to Daylesford Secondary College where he continued to excel at sports . At the beginning of year 11 Josh moved from Daylesford Secondary College to St Patrick 's College , Ballarat a catholic school in Ballarat , Victoria . it was here that he joined the 1st XVIII , a highly successful team that lost in the grand final of the herald sun shield . Whilst at St Patrick 's College , Ballarat Josh was recruited by TAC Cup club the North Ballarat Rebels .
Early life
Cowan grew up in and played his junior football for Daylesford , Victoria . Cowan represented Victoria Country at the AFL Under 18 Championships in 2009 , and averaged 20 disposals in the TAC Cup in 2009 . He is known as being a smart midfielder with great ball-winning ability , composure , decision-making skills and effective disposal and is strong overhead for his size .
AFL career
Cowan was drafted by the Geelong Football Club with their fifth selection , and was the fifty-sixth overall draft pick in the 2009 AFL draft . Cowan made his debut in round 10 of the 2011 season against Gold Coast coming on in the third quarter as a substitute and finishing with 9 possessions , 5 marks , 2 tackles and a goal .
Statistics
Statistics are correct to end of 2011 season . Averages are in brackets .
References
External links
Living people
1991 births
Australian rules footballers from Victoria ( Australia )
Geelong Football Club players
Greater Western Victoria Rebels players
People from Daylesford , Victoria
Karen Nussbaum ( born April 25 , 1950 ) is an American labor leader and founding director of Working America .
Biography
Nussbaum was born in Chicago where her mother , Annette Brenner Nussbaum , was a publicist and father , Mike Nussbaum , was an exterminator , actor , and director . Her parents were active in the anti-Vietnam movement and worked to bring speakers to their community of Highland Park in Chicago including Staughton Lynd . During this time , the family was also receiving hate mail from the local John Birch Society . She enrolled in the University of Chicago in 1968 but dropped out to move to Boston and work in the anti-Vietnam movement . While in Boston , she began working as a clerical worker at Harvard where she was exposed to inequalities in the workplace for female office workers . In 1975 , she earned a B.A . from Goddard College .
In 1973 , she co-founded 9to5 , an organization that addressed issues female office workers faced , eventually helping create a union for female office workers in 1975 . In 1977 , 9to5 merged with Cleveland Women Working to create a national coalition of like-minded associations , the Cleveland-based Working Women Organizing Project , headed by Nussbaum . In 1981 , 9to5 worked as a partner with the Service Employees International Union ( SEIU ) known as District 925 . She served as director from 1981 to 1993 .
During the Clinton Administration , Nussbaum served as the director of the Women 's Bureau , in the United States Department of Labor from 1993 to 1996 . As director of the Women 's Bureau , she surveyed working women about their jobs and initiated programs in response to their concerns .
Nussbaum is the founding director of Working America , a community affiliate of the AFL–CIO . She co-founded the organization in 2003 and formerly served as executive director .
She was inducted into the Ohio Women 's Hall of Fame in 1984 .
See also
9to5 , National Association of Working Women
References
External links
American trade union leaders
Living people
1950 births
Ohio Democrats
Clinton administration personnel
People from Chicago
United States Department of Labor officials
IGW ( Industrial Gears Watteeuw ) is an international gear and gearbox manufacturer .
The company has its headquarters , IG Watteeuw International nv , in Oostkamp ( Belgium ) . Additionally , it has locations in Brno ( Czech Republic ) , Iași ( Romania ) , Suzhou ( China ) and Zanesville , Ohio ( USA ) . Globally , IGW employs over 1,000 people .
Activities
IGW focuses on three main markets :
Transport : design and manufacture and servicing of gears , gearboxes and couplings for trains , metros , trams , cable cars and marine .
Industry : transmission for a wide range of industries , such as the textile and printing industry , semiconductors , the medical and chemical sector .
Energy : oil and gas rigs , power plants , wind turbines and other applications .
History
Foundation
IGW was founded in 1949 by Alfons Watteeuw , who was only 19 years old at the time . His father Henri Watteeuw was the driving force behind the creation of the company . He was the first certified technical instructor in West-Flanders . As a teacher , guest lecturer at the engineering department of the KU Leuven and technical director of the high school VTI Bruges , he possessed the knowledge and the contacts to set up a successful industrial firm .
The day after Alfons ' graduation , they registered his one-man business “ Watteeuw Alfons ” at the Commercial Court .
Address of establishment : the barn in their yard ; Rapaertstraat 31 , Assebroek ( Bruges ) .
Around that time German manufacturing plants were being dismantled , as a penalty for the country 's role in the Second World War . Father and son visited a few depots and eventually purchased a Lorenz gear shaping machine with a diameter capacity of one meter , from the BMW factory in München . That machine would be the first of many…
Continuous growth
Alfons Watteeuw landed his first large-scale order from a renowned firm in 1964 . The Belgian company Arpic Engineering ( that was later acquired by Atlas Copco ) , contacted Watteeuw with a substantial order that had to be delivered on a very short notice .
Furthermore , Alfons always kept his eyes open for opportunities abroad . In 1976 Watteeuw got its first purchase from Atlas Copco in the United States . That signified an international breakthrough . Other international partnerships followed quickly , for example with CNH Industrial , the American producer of New Holland agricultural devices .
After specializing in agricultural machines , the first investments in the aerospace industry followed . In the early eighties , Watteeuw became the supplier of the slat rack wing mechanism for Airbus .
Father Henri Watteeuw died in 1986 . In 1987 the company , by that time named “ MC Watteeuw ” ( Mechanische Constructie Watteeuw / Mechanical Construction Watteeuw ) , moved to the Kampveldstraat 51 in Oostkamp , where the main offices and factory are still established .
Soon after the move Watteeuw started to invest massively in heat treatment . Because of that the entire gear production became vertically integrated in the company . This helped Watteeuw to distinguish itself from smaller competitors .
Acquisition by BMT
To finance further growth , and seeing that his children were n't planning to take over the company , Alfons Watteeuw started looking for an industrial partner in the early nineties . In 1992 Belgium 's longest listed holding BMT took over 60 % of the shares in Watteeuw International . Over the years BMT 's participation grew to 100 % . The group 's investments played a significant role in the further expansion of Watteeuw . BMT ( and with it Watteeuw ) stayed listed until 2004 .
Globalization
In the early nineties , Watteeuw started an international expansion . In 1997 the company opened its first foreign plant in the Czech Republic , following the so-called greenfield approach by constructing a new factory in Brno . Eventually Watteeuw moved the entire production line of New Holland agricultural gears to that site .
In 1998 it was Romania 's turn . Watteeuw acquired the maintenance department of Terom , the country 's biggest synthetic fiber company at the time . Watteeuw locally produced gears for their machines and provided servicing jobs . When Terom shut down a few years later , Watteeuw bought a part of the remaining factory to offer its services to other customers in the region .
Meanwhile , the firm kept expanding its share in the aerospace industry . In 2000 BMT took over the American company Caratron Industries , manufacturer of precision gears , axles and gearboxes for aeronautic and space devices . Caraton and Eurair , Watteeuw 's subsidiary that delivered to Airbus , were afterwards turned into a new division : BMT Aerospace .
Other areas in which Watteeuw participates since the 2000s are the medical sector , marine industry and the energy sector , with among others the production of gears for wind turbines .
During that same period Watteeuw started expanding its logistical network . To ameliorate its customer services , the company established local plants and warehouses in the East . Since 2001 Watteeuw has activities in China , initially through a joint-venture with Picanol in the regional branch of AmTech . Watteeuw took over Picanol 's shares in 2006 . Up ‘ till today the focus of the Chinese plant lays on railway applications for the Asian market . Watteeuw has been a player in the railway industry since the nineties .
In 2013 Watteeuw landed in the United States . Due to the internationalization , a more global approach was needed so the name of the company changed from IG Watteeuw to IGW .
Alfons Watteeuw died April 1 , 2014 . Although he had n't been president for a while , Alfons kept closely involved in his company until his death .
Corporate governance
IGW is nowadays 100 % owned by the BMT group . BMT has activities in the glass industry , with subsidiaries OMCO , Kite and CNUD-EFCO and the gear manufacturing industry with IGW and BTM Aerospace .
References
Companies based in West Flanders
The Cumberland Tigersnail or the Cumberland Disc , scientific name Anguispira cumberlandiana , is a species of small , air-breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Discidae .
This species is found along the Cumberland Plateau , United States .
Original descriptions from the 1840s
Anguispira cumberlandiana was originally discovered and described under the name Carocolla Cumberlandiana by Isaac Lea in 1840 .
Lea 's original text ( the type description ) reads as follows and provided one sentence of physical description . He lists the location of specimens as in the Cumberland Mountains near Jasper , Tennessee :
Later , in 1843 , Lea provided the same description , but with more background information about the body form of this species in relation to H. alternata ( now known as Anguispira alternata ) , particularly the lenticular form and carina of cumberlandiana .
References
This article incorporates public domain text from references .
Discidae
Gastropods described in 1840
South Korean boy band Big Bang have released twenty-seven concerts video albums , forty music videos , four music video compilations , and one documentary DVD . The group has sold over a million physical DVDs/Blu-rays in Japan .
Music videos
As lead artist
Collaborations
Video albums
Concert tour videos
Documentaries
Music video compilations
Other releases
Featured releases
Filmography
Documentaries
Drama parodies
Reality shows
See also
Big Bang discography
References
Videography
Videographies of South Korean artists
Phyllonorycter symphoricarpaeella is a moth of the family Gracillariidae . It is known from Kentucky , Ohio , Texas , California and Maine in the United States .
The wingspan is 5.5–6 mm .
The larvae feed on Symphoricarpos species , including Symphoricarpos orbiculatus , Symphoricarpos symphoricarpos and Symphoricarpos vulgaris . They mine the leaves of their host plant . The mine has the form of a very small tentiform mine on the underside of the leaf . The mine is placed between two veins , and when mature is much wrinkled . Just before pupation , one half of the mine is lined with silk , and partitioned off , thus forming an ovoid silken chamber in which the pupa is formed . When the imago emerges the pupa case is thrust through the upper epidermis .
References
External links
Phyllonorycter at microleps.org
mothphotographersgroup
symphoricarpaeella
Moths of North America
Moths described in 1875
Union Eagle Ltd v Golden Achievement Ltd [ 1997 ] UKPC 5 is an English contract law case , concerning the right to terminate performance of a contract .
Facts
Union Eagle paid 10 % of the HK $ 4.2m price for a Hong Kong flat as a deposit . Time was said to be ‘ of the essence ' . Completion was meant to be 5pm 30 September 1991 , and clause 12 said failure to complete meant the deposit was forfeit and the agreement rescinded . They were 10 minutes late . Union Eagle sued for specific performance , arguing relying on such a legal right was unconscionable .
Advice
Lord Hoffmann for the Privy Council advised that certainty was needed in the business world , particularly in a volatile market . Accordingly , the contract 's terms should be strictly enforced , and Union Eagle lost its deposit .
See also
English contract law
Notes
References
English contract case law
Real estate in Hong Kong
Judicial Committee of the Privy Council cases on appeal from Hong Kong
1997 in case law
1997 in British law
1997 in Hong Kong
Michel Ndoumbé ( born 1 February 1971 ) is a Cameroonian former professional footballer who played as a defender .
References
External links
Profile at magyarfutball.hu
Profile at uslleaguetwo.com
Living people
1971 births
Association football defenders
Cameroonian footballers
Elite One player
American Professional Soccer League players
Nemzeti Bajnokság I players
A-League ( 1995–2004 ) players
Diamant Yaoundé players
Union Douala players
Los Angeles Salsa players
Újpest FC players
FC VSS Košice players
Orange County Blue Star players
San Diego Flash players
Cameroon international footballers
1996 African Cup of Nations players
Expatriate soccer players in the United States
Cameroonian expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Expatriate footballers in Hungary
Cameroonian expatriate sportspeople in Hungary
Expatriate footballers in Slovakia
Cameroonian expatriate sportspeople in Slovakia
Tortoise Hill ( ) is a hill more than 500 m high , 3 nautical miles ( 6 km ) west of The Watchtower at the southeast corner of James Ross Island . Named by United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee ( UK-APC ) following Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey ( FIDS ) surveys , 1958–61 . The feature is similar geologically and in appearance to Terrapin Hill in the northeast portion of the island ; hence the application of a related name .
Hills of Graham Land
Landforms of James Ross Island
Trevor William Sykes ( born 14 September 1937 ) is an Australian finance journalist who until his retirement in 2005 wrote the Pierpont column in the Australian Financial Review .
He also wrote a number of books on prominent Australian corporate collapses and goings on .
Bibliography
References
External links
Pierpont web site , collecting various articles etc . written by Sykes under that alter-ego
1937 births
Australian columnists
Living people
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Roy Douglas Sharplin ( born November 18 , 1966 in Toronto ) is a Canadian slalom canoer who competed from the late 1980s to the late 1990s . He finished 22nd in the C-1 event at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona .
References
Sports-reference.com profile
1966 births
Canadian male canoeists
Canoeists at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Living people
Canoeists from Toronto
Olympic canoeists of Canada
20th-century Canadian people
Bernardin Castanié ( born in 1869 in Bozouls ) was a French clergyman and bishop for the present Roman Catholic Diocese of Rarotonga , then Prefecture Apostolic of Cook and Manihiki . He was appointed bishop in 1923 . He died in 1939 .
References
1869 births
1939 deaths
French Roman Catholic bishops
Roman Catholic bishops of Rarotonga
Albert U. Wyman ( 1833–1915 ) was a United States banker who served as Treasurer of the United States from 1876 to 1877 and then again from 1883 to 1885 .
Wyman was raised in Madison , Wisconsin . After completing a common school education , he joined his father 's printing office . He later went into banking , working first in Madison and then in Omaha , Nebraska .
In 1863 , Wyman became a clerk in the Office of the Treasurer of the United States . He was then appointed Assistant Cashier , holding that office until resigning on January 1 , 1868 . He returned to the Office of the Treasurer of the United States on April 1 , 1875 , becoming Assistant Treasurer .
On June 28 , 1876 , President of the United States Ulysses S. Grant nominated Wyman to be Treasurer of the United States , and he was confirmed by the United States Senate the next day . He assumed office on July 8 , 1876 , and held office until July 1 , 1877 . He re-joined the Office of the Treasurer of the United States in September 1879 as Cashier . In 1883 , President Chester A. Arthur nominated Wyman to be Treasurer of the United States for a second time , and Wyman held that office from April 1 , 1883 , to April 30 , 1885 .
Wyman then returned to Omaha to work as a banker for the Omaha Trust Company , eventually becoming its president .
References
1833 births
1915 deaths
Treasurers of the United States
19th-century American politicians
Salesi Manu ( born 26 September 1990 ) is an Australian rugby union footballer who plays as a prop . He plays for Brisbane City in the National Rugby Championship and Bond University in the Queensland Premiership . He has previously played for Super Rugby team the Western Force , Italian club Benetton Treviso , and Japanese club Honda Heat .
Early life
Manu was a member of the Australia under 20 team that competed in the 2010 IRB Junior World Championship .
Career
He joined the Western Force Extended Playing Squad during 2012 and made 8 appearances . In the second half of the year he played for in New Zealand 's domestic ITM Cup competition . Manu was a member of the Western Force extended player group for the 2013 Super Rugby season before signing with Benetton Treviso for the 2014–15 season .
References
External links
Salesi Manu itsrugby.co.uk Player Statistics
1990 births
Australian rugby union players
Australian people of Tongan descent
Western Force players
North Harbour rugby union players
Benetton Rugby players
Mie Honda Heat players
Rugby union props
Rugby union players from Sydney
Living people
Expatriate rugby union players in Italy
Expatriate rugby union players in Japan
Australian expatriate rugby union players
Australian expatriate sportspeople in Italy
Australian expatriate sportspeople in Japan
In computing . Physical-to-Virtual ( `` P2V '' or `` p-to-v '' ) involves the process of decoupling and migrating a physical server 's operating system ( OS ) , applications , and data from that physical server to a virtual-machine guest hosted on a virtualized platform .
Methods of P2V migration
Manual P2V
User manually creates a virtual machine in a virtual host environment and copies all the files from OS , applications and data from the source machine .
Semi-automated P2V
Performing a P2V migration using a tool that assists the user in moving the servers from physical state to virtual machine .
Microsoft 's Virtual Server 2005 Migration Toolkit , HOWTO : Guideline for use Virtual Server Migration ToolKit ( KB555306 )
VMware provides a semi-automated tool called VMware vCenter Converter for moving physical servers running Windows or Linux into virtual environments while they are powered on . VMware vCenter Converter replaces two older utilities : Importer ( bundled with VMware Workstation ) and P2V Assistant .
Oracle 's Virtual Box has a Linux-based tool which allows the conversion of a dd image of an existing hard drive
Microsoft provides the SysInternals disk2vhd utility for making images from Windows XP or later systems to be used with Windows Virtual PC , Microsoft Virtual Server or Hyper-V .
openQRM , an open-source datacenter management platform , does P2V ( and V2P , V2V or P2P ) .
Storix 's bare-metal recovery product ( System Backup Administrator ) provides P2V and V2P capabilities for Linux , AIX , and Solaris .
Fully automated P2V
Performing a P2V migration using a tool that migrates the server over the network without any assistance from the user .
Veritas Backup Exec has Physical to Virtual ( P2V ) conversion ( and V2P ) feature build into the backup engine which can be used for migrations or instant recovery
vContinuum vContinuum by InMage systems is an automated P2V data protection/migration tool
Symantec System Recovery enables fast , automated P2V and V2P conversions
Quest vConverter is an example of a fully automated migration tool for P2V .
System Center Virtual Machine Manager SCVMM among many other capabilities has P2V capability .
Leostream is an example of a fully automated migration tool for P2V .
PlateSpin Migrate is an example of a fully automated migration tool for P2V ( and V2P , V2V or P2P ) .
Virtuozzo contains automatic P2V ( and V2P ) migration tools .
SanXfer by InQuinox is an automated server and data migration tool for P2V , V2P , and P2P with complete ( server and storage ) hardware independence .
SureEdge , migrator by sureline systems is fully automated server data migration tool for p2v , V2vLinux and Windows server migration , applications , i.e . Ms SQL server , oracle with complete hardware independence , cloud independent from any cloud to any cloud migration .
See also
Physicalization
External links
Manual physical-to-virtual migration description for OpenVZ
References
Virtualization software
The equatorial akalat ( Sheppardia aequatorialis ) is a species of bird in the family Muscicapidae .
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests .
Subspecies
S. a. acholiensis : Imatong Mountains
S. a. aequatorialis : eastern DRC , southern Uganda , Rwanda , Burundi and western Kenya .
References
equatorial akalat
Birds of Sub-Saharan Africa
equatorial akalat
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Federation of Norwegian Industries ( ) is an employers ' organisation in Norway , organized under the national Confederation of Norwegian Enterprise .
It was established on 1 January 2006 as a merger of the Federation of Norwegian Manufacturing Industries and the Federation of Norwegian Process Industries .
The current CEO is Stein Lier-Hansen . Chairman of the board is Rasmus Sunde .
References
Employers ' organisations in Norway
2006 establishments in Norway
William Frank Reichart ( July 3 , 1935 – November 12 , 2021 ) was a Canadian ice hockey forward and Olympian .
Reichart played with Team USA at the 1964 Winter Olympics held in Innsbruck , Austria . He also played for the Rochester Mustangs in the United States Hockey League ( USHL ) , and in the International Hockey League for the Minneapolis Millers , and St. Paul Saints .
In the 1961–62 season , Reichart , Ken Johannson and Herb Brooks formed the highest-scoring forward line in USHL history at the time .
He died in Southern Pines , North Carolina , on November 12 , 2021 , at the age of 86 .
Awards and honours
References
External links
1935 births
2021 deaths
Sportspeople from Winnipeg
Ice hockey people from Manitoba
Canadian emigrants to the United States
Ice hockey players at the 1964 Winter Olympics
Olympic ice hockey players of the United States
American men 's ice hockey right wingers
North Dakota Fighting Hawks men 's ice hockey players
AHCA Division I men 's ice hockey All-Americans
Albertshofen is a municipality in the district of Kitzingen in Bavaria in Germany .
References
Kitzingen ( district )
George Sholto Douglas , 17th Earl of Morton ( 23 December 1789 – 31 March 1858 ) , known as George Douglas until 1827 , was a Scottish Tory politician .
Douglas was the son of the Hon . John Douglas , second son of James Douglas , 14th Earl of Morton . His mother was Lady Frances , daughter of Edward Lascelles , 1st Earl of Harewood . He succeeded his cousin in the earldom in 1827 and was elected a Scottish Representative Peer in 1828 . He served as a Lord-in-waiting ( government whip in the House of Lords ) from 1841 to 1846 in the second Tory administration of Sir Robert Peel and in 1852 in the first Conservative administration of the Earl of Derby .
Lord Morton married Frances Theodora , daughter of Sir George Henry Rose , in 1817 . Their second son the Hon . George Henry Douglas became an Admiral in the Royal Navy . Lord Morton died in March 1858 , aged 68 , and was succeeded in the earldom by his eldest son Sholto . Lady Morton died in 1879 .
References
Kidd , Charles , Williamson , David ( editors ) . Debrett 's Peerage and Baronetage ( 1990 edition ) . New York : St Martin 's Press , 1990 .
1789 births
1858 deaths
Earls of Morton
Tory Lords-in-Waiting
George Douglas , 17th Earl of Morton
Scottish representative peers
`` Beggin ' on Your Knees '' is a song performed by the Victorious cast featuring American singer Victoria Justice . It was produced by Kristian Lundin and Shellback , who also co-wrote the song with Savan Kotecha , for Victorious : Music from the Hit TV Show ( 2011 ) , the soundtrack to the Nickelodeon television series , Victorious . It was released as the album 's second single on April 1 , 2011 through Columbia Records in association with Nickelodeon . Musically , the song runs through a synthpop oriented beat with teen pop lyrics , and the lyrics speak of vengeance against a cheating boyfriend .
The song was met with generally positive reviews from critics , with the majority of them praising its message . `` Beggin ' on Your Knees '' has currently charted on the Billboard Hot 100 at number fifty-eight , remaining as the second highest peaking song from the soundtrack . The accompanying music video portrays Justice following her unfaithful boyfriend while in the carnival having fun with the Victorious cast . The music video premiered on March 12 , 2011 on Nickelodeon , during the TV movie Best Player .
Background
`` Beggin ' on Your Knees '' is the second single released from the soundtrack Victorious : Music from the Hit TV Show ( 2011 ) , for the television series of the same name on Nickelodeon . It was first heard on the series ' second season debut episode , `` Beggin ' on Your Knees '' , which premiered on April 2 , 2011 in North America , a day after the single 's release . The song was performed by Justice with backup dancers in the episode . After learning of her new partner 's agenda , Tori Vega ( Justice ) enlists the help of Andre Harris ( Leon Thomas III ) to write and produce the song . The scene where the song was performed features Justice with her partner Ryder Daniels ( Ryan Rottman ) on stage . As Ryder is about to start singing , he recognizes that his microphone is not functioning . Tori continues singing , making gestures at him with the spotlight flashing on him the entire time , indicating who the song is written about . Tori and Andre wrote the song after learning that Ryder was using her and other girls to pass his school grades , and the song was made to make him fail the singing exam and expose him as a heartbreaking liar .
The song was written by Savan Kotecha and Shellback . Shellback also produced the track along with providing all the instruments and programming for it . He also provided the recording for the song , which took place at Maratome Studios in Stockholm , Sweden . Kristian Lundin also recorded the song at CMK Island Studios and Westlake Studios , both in Los Angeles , California . The mixing for the song was provided by Serban Ghenea took place at MixStar Studios in Virginia Beach , Virginia with the engineering provided by John Hanes and assistance provided by Tim Roberts .
Composition
`` Beggin ' on Your Knees '' is an electronic rock song that contains influences of Hi-NRG , teen pop and dance-pop . The song runs through a dance-oriented beat and features a lighter sound than the preceding single , `` Freak the Freak Out '' . The theme of this song is center around vengeance and coming of age . The lyrics are about a seeking vengeance on her boyfriend after learning of his relationship with another girl . Victoria Justice 's vocal range spans almost two octaves from the low note of A3 to the high belted note of F5 .
Critical reception
Jessica Dawson of Common Sense Media , the website that rates music for parents approval for children 's listening , rated the song three out of five stars , praising its playful and child-friendly nature , while warning parents of the main message , commenting that `` The lyrics are playful but could be construed as menacing : `` You messed with me , and messed with her , so I 'll make sure you get what you
deserve '' and `` Watch your back , you do n't know when or where I could get
you . '' '' Joe DeAndrea of AbsolutePunk praised the song , along with `` Freak the Freak Out '' , for its catchy nature , further commenting that `` They will get stuck in your head and you 'll probably feel a little ashamed , but no worries : it 's the good type of ashamed ! Like eating chocolate cake in a bathtub alone on a Friday night . But really , it 's easier to accept it when you realize that the songs are n't all that worse than what is currently on the radio . '' Bob Hoose and Steven Isaac of Plugged In Online , a site that rates music for children 's listening , condemned the song for its objectionable content , mainly noting `` the singer has payback schemes on her mind : `` You mess with me/and messed with her/ … So watch your back/'Cause you do n't know when or where I could get you/ … I 'll have you crawlin ' like a centipede . '' ''
Chart performance
`` Beggin ' on Your Knees '' debuted at number 83 on the US Billboard Hot 100 on the April 16 , 2011 chart and peaked at number 58 in the next week .
Music video
The video was directed by Marcus Wagner . The video was shot at the pier , in the city of Santa Monica . In the video , Justice is a girl having fun with her friends at a carnival when she finds out that her boyfriend has cheated on her with another girl ( Halston Sage ) . So , she watches her boyfriend , remembering the good times they had , looking for the right moment to confront him about his other girlfriend . In the end Justice decides to whisper in the other girl 's ear , to tell her that the boyfriend is cheating and so both girls dump the boyfriend . Justice moves on and decides to forget the boyfriend and have fun .
Performances
On April 2 , 2011 , the day after the song was officially released as a single , Justice performed a short version of the song in the `` Countdown to Kids ' Choice '' , shown one hour before the 2011 Kids ' Choice Awards .
The song was also performed on the season two premiere of Victorious , which also starred Halston Sage who appeared as Sadie .
Credits and personnel
Victoria Justice – vocals , songwriting
Shellback – songwriting , production , recording , programming , instrumentation
Savan Kotecha – songwriting
Kristian Lundin – production , recording
Serban Ghenea – mixing
John Hanes – engineering
Tim Roberts – assistant engineering
Credits are taken from Victorious liner notes .
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
References
2011 singles
2011 songs
Victoria Justice songs
Victorious
Songs written by Savan Kotecha
Songs written by Shellback ( record producer )
Song recordings produced by Shellback ( record producer )
Columbia Records singles
Songs about infidelity
Songs from television series
Soul Secret is an Italian progressive metal band that formed in 2004 in Napoli , Italy .
They started as a cover band but as the years passed they started thinking about writing some original material . Thus they wrote a song called First Creature in 2006 . The band decided to play live this song and after good feedback they continued the writing process giving birth to an entire album titled Flowing Portraits . In 2007 the band decided to record the material at Orange Bug Studios . Just before entering the studios to record vocals , Michele Serpico had colitis and was unable to sing for a long time . In the studios the band got in touch with Mark Basile ( DGM ) , who accepted to sing all the album as a guest , and with Davide Guidone . After listening the album he decided to join the project , becoming the band 's manager . With him on board , the band was able to sign in 2008 under the American label ProgRock Records . In 2009 Michele Serpico felt better and he was able to sing in a gig during the Baltic Prog Fest in July but after that great experience he decided to leave Soul Secret definitively to let them search a stable singer , on stage and in studio . The band then started writing new material and planned to record drums at Musa Muta Studio during February 2010 . The band contacted Arno Menses ( Subsignal , ex-Sieges Even ) who accepted to sing on their critically acclaimed suite Aftermath as a guest . Later they met Claudio Casaburi , their current bass player . With him the material written until that was radically changed , in order to have an album composed by the brand new Soul Secret lineup . The band then recorded bass , guitars and keyboards in their own studios . The album , later called Closer To Daylight , was mixed and mastered by Markus Teske . In 2013 the band decided to change singer and welcomed Lino Di Pietrantonio ( vocals ) on board to write and record the third album and perform live . The band 's third album , titled 4 and their first concept , was published in April 2015 . Their next album , another original concept called BABEL , was released on July 28 2017and previewed at Night Of The Prog on July 14 , 2017 , with the band opening the show to Mike Portnoy 's Shattered Fortress ( also featuring members of Haken and Neal Morse band ) and later at the first edition of the Ready For Prog ? Festival ( formerly Very Prog Festival ) with Persefone and Sons Of Apollo . The band announced in 2018 Francesco Cavezza as the new guitar player and the band started writing new material . The dutch label Layered Reality Productions signed the band and planned to publish the band 's fifth album around May 2020 . After the Covid-19 spread all around the world , the band decided to delay the album release and to publish a single written during the quarantine called Shine Again exclusively on Bandcamp with all proceeds donated to charity . The band fifth album Blue Light Cage has been released worldwide on October 23 , 2020 featuring Derek Sherinian and Marek Arnold .
Reception
Musicwaves.fr described Flowing Portraits as `` a pivotal album '' even if just their debut album , while Dprp.net wrote that the highlight of the album is the last song , the epic called Tears Of Kalliroe , which features an amazing orchestral overture , followed by sheer brilliant prog metal passages . Closer To Daylight , the band 's second album , passed with flying colours and scored the album 5 out of 5 on Allaroundmetal.com . Of the band 's third album , a concept album titled 4 , Progmetalzone.com wrote that the album is full of ambitious , technically accomplished and poignant material that showcases the strength of each and every single musician in the band , as well as the band 's cohesiveness as a unit , as they have finally found a stable line-up after a few past changes . About BABEL , Progarchives wrote that it was worth 4.5 stars and a strong contender for a masterpiece status . The latest album Blue Light Cage gathered even more positive reviews , including `` this fifth album is their best effort so far '' , `` this is an album from another category '' and `` Opening Sequence is probably the best opening sequence I have heard in the past 23 years , ever since Fire Blossom by aforementioned Vanden Plas '' .
Band members
Current members
Claudio Casaburi – bass ( 2010–present )
Francesco Cavezza - guitars ( 2018–present )
Luca Di Gennaro – keyboards ( 2008–present )
Lino Di Pietrantonio – vocals ( 2013–present )
Antonio Mocerino – drums ( 2008–present )
Former members
Antonio Vittozzi – guitars ( 2008–2017 )
Michele Serpico – vocals ( 2008–2009 )
Fabio Manda – vocals ( 2010–2013 )
Lucio Grilli – bass ( 2008–2010 )
Guests
Mark Basile - vocals on the entire album `` Flowing Portraits '' ( 2008 )
Anna Assentato - vocals on the song `` If ''
Arno Menses - vocals on the song `` Aftermath '' ( 2011 )
Marco Sfogli - guitar solo on the song `` River 's Edge '' ( 2011 )
Derek Sherinian - keyboard solos on the song `` The Ghost Syndicate '' ( 2020 )
Marek Arnold - sax solos on the song `` Blue Light Cage '' ( 2020 )
Timeline
Discography
Flowing Portraits ( 2008 )
The album , released on ProgRock Records , features Mark Basile ( DGM ) on vocals , as the band 's singer , Michele Serpico , had health problems just before entering the studio to record .
Tracks
Dance Of The Waves - 7:23 - ( music by Soul Secret - lyrics by Michele Serpico )
First Creature - 7:35 - ( Soul Secret - Serpico )
Inner War - 8:08 - ( Soul Secret - Serpico )
Learning To Lose - 7:12 - ( Soul Secret - Serpico )
Regrets - 4:28 - ( Soul Secret - Serpico )
Tears Of Kalliroe - 16:42
I . Sailing In The Arms Of The Ocean ( instrumental ) - ( Di Gennaro )
II . Be My Temple - ( Soul Secret - Serpico )
III . Moving Silhouettes - ( Soul Secret - Serpico )
IV . Against My Own Mind ( instrumental ) - ( Soul Secret )
V. Baptism Of Flaming Waters - ( Soul Secret - Serpico )
Guests
Mark Basile - vocals
Production
Salvio Imparato - sound engineer , mixing
Karl Groom - mastering
Nello Dell'Omo - artwork
Closer to Daylight ( 2011 )
Closer To Daylight , released on Galileo Records , is the band 's second studio album .
Tracks
Checkmate - 5:51 - ( music by Soul Secret - lyrics by Antonio Mocerino )
River 's Edge - 6:48 - ( Soul Secret - Mocerino )
If - 3:48 - ( Soul Secret - Di Gennaro )
The Shelter - 7:52 - ( Soul Secret - Di Gennaro )
Pillars Of Sand - 9:09 - ( Soul Secret - Di Gennaro )
October 1917 - 3:34 - ( Manda , Vittozzi - Vittozzi )
Behind The Curtain - 8:47 - ( Soul Secret - Di Gennaro )
Aftermath - 16:43 - ( Casaburi , Di Gennaro , Menses , Mocerino , Vittozzi - Vittozzi , Di Gennaro )
Guests
Marco Sfogli - guitar solo on River 's Edge
Anna Assentato - second voice on If
Arno Menses - vocals in Aftermath
Production
Tommaso Allocca - sound engineer
Markus Teske - mixing , mastering
Alexandra V Bach - artwork
4 ( 2015 )
4 , released on Golden Core Records/ZYX , is the band 's third album , and their first concept album .
Tracks
On The Ledge - 8:36 - ( music by Soul Secret - lyrics by Luca Di Gennaro )
Our Horizon - 7:00 - ( Soul Secret - Di Gennaro )
K - 5:43 - ( Soul Secret - Di Gennaro )
As I Close My Eyes - 2:00 - ( Di Gennaro - Di Gennaro )
Traces On The Seaside - 4:47 - ( Soul Secret - Di Gennaro )
Turning The Back Page - 6:50 - ( Soul Secret - Di Gennaro )
Silence ( instrumental ) - 5:20 - ( Soul Secret )
In A Frame - 3:47 - ( Soul Secret - Di Gennaro )
My Lighthouse - 6:36 - ( Soul Secret - Di Gennaro )
Downfall - 5:05 - ( Soul Secret - Di Gennaro )
The White Stairs - 16:44 - ( Soul Secret - Di Gennaro )
Guests
Simone Bertozzi - growl vocals on `` K '' , `` Traces On The Seaside '' and `` The White Stairs ''
Arturo Muselli - Adam
Victoria Acampora - Anne
Jasmine Wang - Anchorwoman on `` On The Ledge ''
Mel McMahon - Reporter on `` On The Ledge ''
Dylan Ogle - Boss on `` Our Horizon '' , Dr. Greedy on `` K ''
Giulia Fiume - Radio speaker on `` Traces On The Seaside ''
Production
Jordan Valeriote - mixing
Troy Glessner - mastering
Razorimages - artwork
BABEL ( 2017 )
BABEL , released on Pride & Joy Music , is the band 's fourth album , and their second concept album .
Tracks
Prologue - 1:08 - ( music by Soul Secret - lyrics by Luca Di Gennaro )
What We 're All About - 5:56 - ( Soul Secret - Di Gennaro )
A Shadow On The Surface - 4:37 - ( Soul Secret - Di Gennaro )
Will They ? - 5:57 - ( Soul Secret - Di Gennaro )
logOS - 2:22 - ( Di Gennaro - Di Gennaro )
Awakened By The Light - 7:39 - ( Soul Secret - Di Gennaro )
Entering The City Of Gods - 10:59 - ( Soul Secret - Di Gennaro )
The Cuckoo 's Nest - 6:59 - ( Soul Secret - Di Gennaro )
Newton 's Law - 7:49 - ( Soul Secret - Di Gennaro )
In The Hardest Of Times - 14:08 - ( Soul Secret - Di Gennaro )
Guests
Mark Manning - Narrator
Andy Kowowski - Sam
Niabi Manning - Adriel
Dorsey Jackson - logOS
Production
Alex Argento - mixing , mastering
Thomas Ewerhard - artwork
Shine Again ( single ) ( 2020 )
Shine Again , released on Layered Reality Productions , is a charity single written by the band during the COVID-19 pandemic lockdown , with all of its proceeds to be donated to the World Health Organization .
Tracks
Shine Again - 05:51 - ( music by Francesco Cavezza - lyrics by Francesco Cavezza )
Guests
Tom de Wit - guest singer
Production
Tom de Wit - mixing
Rich Gray ( formerly Rich Hinks ) - mastering
Claudio Casaburi - artwork
Blue Light Cage ( 2020 )
Blue Light Cage , released on Layered Reality Productions , is the band 's fifth studio album , featuring Derek Sherinian and Marek Arnold .
Tracks
Opening Sequence ( instrumental ) - 3:00 - ( music by Casaburi , Di Gennaro )
The Ghost Syndicate - 5:26 - ( Di Gennaro , Mocerino - lyrics by Di Gennaro )
A President 's Speech - 6:00 - ( Casaburi , Di Gennaro , Di Pietrantonio - Di Gennaro )
Switch On ( instrumental ) - 1:42 - ( Casaburi )
Blue Light Cage - 4:50 - ( Di Gennaro , Di Pietrantonio - Di Pietrantonio )
We 'll Become Dust - 7:22 - ( Casaburi , Cavezza , Di Gennaro , Di Pietrantonio , Mocerino - Mocerino )
Going Home - 5:45 - ( Di Gennaro - Mocerino )
Jump Right In - 7:00 - ( Casaburi , Di Gennaro , Di Pietrantonio - Di Gennaro , Di Pietrantonio )
Breathe and Recover - 13:00 - ( Casaburi , Di Gennaro - Casaburi )
Guests
Derek Sherinian - keyboard solos on The Ghost Syndicate
Marek Arnold - sax solos on Blue Light Cage
Tom Gallagher - new-anchor on A President 's Speech
Joe Prestia - spoken words on We 'll Become Dust
Production
Virus Studio - mixing , mastering
Nello Dell'Omo - artwork
Copy editing - Jasmine Wang
Project supervision - Davide Guidone
References
External links
Official website
Italian progressive metal musical groups
Musical groups established in 2004
Propeller Arena : Aviation Battle Championship is a video game for the Dreamcast console . It was originally titled Propeller Head Online , and was to be released on September 19 , 2001 . The game was trademarked on August 14 , 2001 . It was developed and completed by the development team Sega AM2 , but the game was never officially released . The release was cancelled just days after the September 11 attacks , citing both similarities in game packaging and design to the events of that day as well as the Dreamcast 's declining market share resulting in projected low sales numbers .
The game was on display at E3 on May 19 , 2001 . After it was postponed , they were working to change the game cover art to remove sensitive images .
Hopes of a port to another console never materialized . However , a disk image of the game was eventually leaked , and became a popular download on many peer-to-peer networks .
Plot
In 2045 , there is an air combat tournament with planes from the World War II era . From t
Characters
Several pilots join the tournament , each with their own reasons .
Gameplay
Propeller Arena consists of quick dog fight deathmatches in limited areas .
The game has four modes : the main game , Championship , which is a sequence of dogfights ; Quick Battle , a single dogfight ; Training Arena , a number of training missions and minigames ; and Network , the online mode . Beating the game and the training missions unlocks extra characters and levels .
The game features force feedback via support for the Dreamcast Jump Pack .
Soundtrack
The game 's soundtrack , consisting of punk rock , was created by both `` branches '' of Sega : a Japanese team ( Sachio Ogawa and Tomoya Koga ) had 13 songs composed and produced in-house , while an American team arranged a deal with the Fat Wreck Chords label to license nine songs from the bands Consumed , Zero Down , No Use for a Name , Mad Caddies , and Rise Against . Some of Sega 's original songs were remixed as instrumental versions and reused in their 2006 sports game Virtua Tennis 3 .
See also
List of entertainment affected by the September 11 attacks
References
Action video games
Cancelled Dreamcast games
Dreamcast-only games
Impact of the September 11 attacks on the video game industry
Multiplayer and single-player video games
Sega-AM2 games
Video games developed in Japan
Video games set in the 2040s
The Ottawa River ( Shawnee : Koskothiipi ) is a tributary of the Auglaize River , approximately long , in northwestern Ohio in the United States . The river is named for the Ottawa tribe of Native Americans who inhabited the area in the 18th century . It shares its name with another river in northwestern Ohio , the Ottawa River in Toledo , as well as the Ottawa River in Ontario & Quebec , Canada .
It rises in northern Hardin County and flows northwest , then west-southwest through Lima . Approximately southeast of Lima it turns abruptly north , flowing into western Putnam County and joining the Auglaize from the southeast approximately northwest of Kalida .
The Ottawa River is also known locally and historically as `` Hog Creek '' . The origin of this name is ascribed to the following legend :
Alexander McKee , the British Indian Agent , who resided at the Machachac towns , on Mad River , during the incursion of General Logan from Kentucky in 1786 , was obliged to flee with his effects . He had a large lot of swine , which were driven on to the borders of this stream , and when the Indians ( Shawnee ) came on they called the river Koshko Sepe , which in the Shawnee language signified 'The Creek of the Hogs , or Hog Stream ' .
See also
List of rivers of Ohio
References
External links
This Is My River - Ottawa River Coalition
Rivers of Ohio
Lima , Ohio
Rivers of Hardin County , Ohio
Rivers of Putnam County , Ohio
Rivers of Allen County , Ohio
Tributaries of Lake Erie
Igors Vladimirovich Stepanovs ( born 1 February 1966 in Latvian SSR ) is a former Latvian football midfielder . Having played at club and international level with Igors Stepanovs , he was often referred as Igors V. Stepanovs .
Honours
Club
Skonto
Latvian Champion ( 2 ) :
1992 , 1995
External links
1966 births
Living people
Latvian footballers
Latvia international footballers
Skonto FC players
Association football midfielders
Chloe Temtchine is an American singer-songwriter .
Early life
Temtchine grew up in New York City . She studied at Berklee College of Music , in Boston , Massachusetts . She started singing when she was six years old . At the time , on Sundays , her father would bring her to a Baptist church in Harlem , where she was exposed to gospel music .
Career
Her debut album , Between Day & Dream , was released in 2009 . Temtchine won the 2011 Avon National and International Songwriting Competition with her song `` Step Up , '' which was used in an Avon television commercial . She performed on Late Night with David Letterman as a backup vocalist for musical guest Ne-Yo , sang in a 2012 commercial for the 100th anniversary of American Express , and was featured on NY-1 News , with `` Where in The Truck is Chloe . ''
After Temtchine was diagnosed with pulmonary venoocclusive disease in 2013 , she continued to write music as `` an escape from thinking about my condition '' and `` because I did n't know how much time I had left . '' Her 2015 album , Be Brave , was produced by Toby Gad . It was described by the New York Post as `` a moving collection of pop songs that document her struggle for survival , but also her recovery . '' Temtchine wrote the title track in 2014 after she was released from intensive care . Amy Carlberg of Bust magazine wrote that the track was `` twangy and energetic , and springboards off the bluegrass and banjo-laden sounds that have been ruling the pop charts '' . Over 150,000 copies of the album were downloaded within the first 90 days of its release .
Health issues
Beginning in 2008 , Temtchine suffered a series of medical issues , including shortness of breath and onstage coughing fits . In February 2013 , she was hospitalized with congestive heart failure and difficulty breathing . She was diagnosed with a rare disorder , pulmonary venoocclusive disease ( PVOD ) , in addition to severe pulmonary hypertension .
In August 2020 , Temtchine suffered a cardiac arrest , was in a coma , and spent 21 days on life support before receiving a double lung transplant . She required the continuous use of an oxygen tank that was connected to a nasal breathing tube , and in February 2021 , Chloe ( who sings with a paralyzed vocal cord ) performed live for the first time since the transplant .
References
External links
Official website
April 22 , 2014 article - xojane.com
1980s births
Living people
21st-century American women singers
American women jazz singers
American soul singers
American women singer-songwriters
American women pop singers
Jazz musicians from New York ( state )
Singers from New York City
Berklee College of Music alumni
21st-century American singers
Singer-songwriters from New York ( state )
The Defence of the Realm : The Authorized History of MI5 , published in the United States as Defend the Realm , is an authorised history of the British Security Service ( MI5 ) , written by historian Christopher Andrew . Andrew was commissioned in December 2002 to write the history for MI5 's 100th anniversary in 2009 , and was given `` virtually unrestricted access '' to much of MI5 's files , as well as `` no restriction '' on whatever conclusions he decided to draw from them . The book reported , amongst other things , that MI5 kept a file ( under a pseudonym ) on Prime Minister Harold Wilson ( as revealed by Peter Wright decades before in Spycatcher ) , as well as noting how many of Wilson 's MP 's were spying for the Soviet bloc . The book 's title was derived from MI5 's Latin motto , Regnum Defende . Historian Keith Jeffery was commissioned to write a similar authorised history on the Secret Intelligence Service ( MI6 ) for release in 2010 .
Reception
The book received generally positive reviews from major newspapers . The Daily Telegraph called it `` magisterial , authoritative , balanced , readable ... full of wry humour and with an eye for the absurd '' , declaring that `` MI5 could not have wanted a better historian than him . This book is unlikely to be surpassed for another 100 years '' . More tempered praise came from The Sunday Times , where Max Hastings found the account `` weighty , measured and compelling '' , regretting only a bit of occasional overenthusiasm on the part of the author and a lack of reflection on `` the relationship between the service , ministers and the public '' .
Ben Macintyre reviewed Defend the Realm for The New York Times Book Review , calling it `` not only a work of meticulous scholarship but also a series of riveting and true spy stories '' , though recognising that such an account on a secretive organisation will necessarily be incomplete in certain areas . The Los Angeles Times found it `` as complete and thorough as such a history may be and as engrossing as any spy novel '' .
The book was criticised in Quadrant magazine in an article by Paul Monk for almost non-existent use of meaningful citation , bias in favour of MI5 's `` official '' line , and for glossing over the issue of whether Roger Hollis was a Soviet agent .
Editions
United Kingdom
( hardcover )
( paperback )
United States
( hardcover )
( paperback )
References
External links
Audio summary by John Crace
2009 non-fiction books
MI5
Books about intelligence agencies
History books about the United Kingdom
Yahyaabad ( , also Romanized as Yaḩyáābād ) is a village in Fazl Rural District , in the Central District of Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 320 , in 91 families .
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Long Run is an unincorporated community in Craig Township , Switzerland County , in the U.S. state of Indiana .
History
A post office was established at Long Run in 1874 , and remained in operation until it was discontinued in 1907 .
Geography
Long Run is located at .
References
Unincorporated communities in Switzerland County , Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
Helga Nõu ( née Raukas ; born 22 September 1934 in Tartu ) is an Estonian writer , best known for her novels Kass sööb rohtu ( 1965 ) , Tiiger , tiiger ( 1969 ) , and Pea suu ! ( 1983 ) . She is married to Enn Nõu . She was invested with the Order of the White Star in 2001 .
References
1934 births
Living people
20th-century Estonian women writers
21st-century Estonian women writers
Estonian women novelists
Estonian translators
Recipients of the Order of the White Star , 5th Class
Estonian World War II refugees
Estonian emigrants to Sweden
Writers from Tartu
Charlotte Glasson ( born 1 March 1973 , London , England ) is a British multi-instrumentalist , bandleader , composer and session player , playing soprano , alto , tenor and baritone saxophone , flute , alto flute , piccolo , clarinet , bass clarinet , violin and viola , penny whistle , melodica , percussion , and saw .
Early life
Charlotte started playing the violin at the age of five , got a guitar when she was seven and taught herself how to play Beatle tunes , and then got a saxophone for Christmas when she was 12 .
Charlotte went on to study Music at Kingston University , after which she progressed into a career as a session musician , bandleader and composer/arranger .
Career
Glasson plays jazz , classical music , blues , soul , funk , Latin , country and everything in between . She has composed music for an Art Installation at The Ashmolean Museum in Oxford with Chinese Artist Qu Leilei , and music for theatre performances by George Dillon . She leads the Charlotte Glasson Band , who perform her compositions along with those of the band . Glasson is also part of the band of Camille O'Sullivan .
She is a member of Three Friends , a progressive rock band who perform the music of Gentle Giant , and is a regular of the cast for The Lost and Found Orchestra .
Bands and solo artist discography
as Charlotte Glasson / Charlotte Glasson Band
Escapade ( 2005 )
Travels with Charlotte Glasson ( 2008 )
Charlotte 's World Wide Web ( 2010 )
Playground ( 2011 )
Live ( 2012 )
Festivus ( 2014 )
Robots ( 2018 )
other projects
Que Pasa : Glass Blower ( 2004 ) – Latin Jazz with Chris Kibble on piano , Quentin Collins on trumpet , and Adam Riley on drums
Lazy Days ( 2005 ) – with Jez Tonkin
Shadow Dance ( 2009 ) – with Dan Hewson
Tritones – with Sam Arts and Sam Glasson ( 2009 )
Camille Sings Cave Live - Camille O'Sullivan Camille O'Sullivan ( 2019 )
as a session musician
Barry Adamson – Know Where To Run
James Blackshaw – All Is Falling , Holly EP , Fantomas
Nick Cave and The Bad Seeds - Skeleton Tree
The Divine Comedy – Casanova , A Short Album About Love , Fin de Siècle , Victory for the Comic Muse , Bang Goes the Knighthood
Andy Mackay – 3Psalms
Claire Martin – Take My Heart , Perfect Alibi
Oasis – Standing on the Shoulder of Giants
Nerina Pallot – The Graduate
Chris Spedding – Pearls , Joyland
UNKLE – `` The Knock on Effect ''
Jah Wobble – Fly
Film and television work
Raw – composer Jim Williams – viola
One More Time with Feeling – viola
A Field in England – composer Jim Williams – viola
Danger Mouse – composer Sanj Sen – soprano , alto , tenor , baritone sax , flute and alto flute
Moshi Monsters : The Movie – composer – Sanj Sen – bass clarinet , clarinet , flute , alto flute , piccolo
Bad Girls – appearing in the TV series 2 and 3 – tenor sax
A Mother 's Son – composer Daniel Pemberton – viola
Money – composer Daniel Pemberton – tenor and alto sax
Vanity Fair – composer Murray Gold – baritone sax
Desperate Romantics – composer Daniel Pemberton – baritone sax
PG-Tips advert- Joby Talbot – baritone sax
Young Musician of the Year theme Joby Talbot – soprano sax
Tomorrows World theme – composer Neil Hannon/Joby Talbot – flute sax
Ice Road Truckers – composer Daniel Pemberton – flute viola sax
Compositions and arrangements
Theatre plays by George Dillon :
Graft
Hell and other stories
The Gospel of Matthew
The man who was Hamlet
Hamlet
Everyone 's Life is an Epic , an art installation at the Ashmolean Museum in Oxford with Chinese Artist Qu Leilei .
References
External links
Living people
British women composers
British multi-instrumentalists
Women musical theatre composers
1973 births
Musicians from London
Awilco LNG is a Norwegian LNG transportation company . The company was listed on Oslo Axess on 6 September 2011 .
Fleet
The technical management of the fleet is handled by subsidiary Awilco LNG Technical management AS .
References
External links
Awilco LNG
Shipping companies of Norway
Gas shipping companies
Companies based in Oslo
Companies listed on Oslo Axess
Chavdar Yankov ( ; born 29 March 1984 ) is a Bulgarian retired footballer . He played as a midfielder .
Club career
Yankov began his football career as a youth at Slavia Sofia . He made his debut in professional football on 7 September 2001 , in a 0–1 loss against Lokomotiv Sofia . In the 2001–02 season , Yankov played in seven matches for Slavia . He started to make his name two years later when he scored six goals in 30 league games and was called to the Bulgarian national team by then coach Hristo Stoichkov .
In summer 2005 , Yankov moved to German Bundesliga side Hannover 96 , initially on a loan , but made permanent in summer 2007 for a fee of around €1.30 million . In summer 2009 , he was loaned to MSV Duisburg .
On 8 January 2010 , Yankov joined Ukrainian Premier League club Metalurh Donetsk on a two-and-a-half-year deal . On 13 August 2010 , Yankov was loaned out to Russian Premier League club FC Rostov .
In July 2012 , Yankov signed as a free agent for his boyhood club Slavia Sofia on a one-year contract .
Yankov retired in 2014 at the age of 30 , due to an injury .
International career
Yankov made his debut for Bulgaria in 2004 . On 13 October 2004 , he scored his first goal for Bulgaria in a 4–1 win against Malta as part of the World Cup 2006 qualification campaign . On 12 October 2010 , in the absence of Stilian Petrov , he captained the side for the first time in the 2–0 win against Saudi Arabia in a friendly match .
From 2004 to 2011 , Yankov made a total of 48 appearances for his country , scoring 5 goals .
International goals
References
External links
1984 births
Living people
Bulgarian footballers
Bulgarian expatriate footballers
Bulgaria international footballers
First Professional Football League ( Bulgaria ) players
Bundesliga players
2 . Bundesliga players
Ukrainian Premier League players
Russian Premier League players
PFC Slavia Sofia players
Hannover 96 players
MSV Duisburg players
FC Metalurh Donetsk players
FC Rostov players
Expatriate footballers in Germany
Bulgarian expatriate sportspeople in Germany
Expatriate footballers in Ukraine
Bulgarian expatriate sportspeople in Ukraine
Expatriate footballers in Russia
Bulgarian expatriate sportspeople in Russia
Association football midfielders
The Hotel Newhouse was a 12-story , grand hotel in Salt Lake City , Utah .
History
In 1907 , mining magnate Samuel Newhouse launched a building campaign in an attempt to move the city 's commercial center away from Temple Square to Exchange Place , which is four blocks to the south on Main Street . Construction was completed in 1912 .
The Hotel Newhouse was one of a number of buildings financed by Newhouse in the area which also included the Boston and Newhouse Buildings , Utah 's first true skyscrapers . The original design by Henry Ives Cobb , which was imagined to be one of the most opulent hotels in the West , was simplified upon construction due to a bankruptcy experienced by Newhouse and the completed structure stood without windows for a time , earning the satirical nickname `` the best air-conditioned hotel in the West . '' For many years afterward , it stood as the `` gentile '' alternative to the Hotel Utah on the north side of downtown , and hosted many famous musicians and other noteworthy visitors . After its heyday , the building slowly fell into disrepair and was acquired by Earl Holding , the owner of the nearby rival Little America Hotel . Though it was deemed too costly to renovate by its new ownership , its nomination for the National Register of Historic Places in 1977 states that the building was `` in good condition and had only experienced minor deterioration of fabric . '' The hotel was demolished on June 26 , 1983 in front of a large crowd and widely reported on in national media and its longtime neighbor , the Terrace Ballroom , was demolished a few years later . Despite early plans to redevelop the block , the site eventually became part of a 10-acre parking lot that is now owned by City Creek Reserve .
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Salt Lake City
Exchange Place Historic District
Bigelow-Ben Lomond Hotel , another grand hotel in nearby Ogden , Utah that resembles the Hotel Newhouse
References
Demolished buildings and structures in Utah
1912 establishments in Utah
1983 disestablishments in Utah
Hotel buildings completed in 1912
Zsolt Gombos ( born 27 February 1968 in Zalaegerszeg ) is a Hungarian former wrestler who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics , in the 1996 Summer Olympics , and in the 2000 Summer Olympics .
References
External links
1968 births
Living people
Olympic wrestlers of Hungary
Wrestlers at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Wrestlers at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Wrestlers at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Hungarian male sport wrestlers
People from Zalaegerszeg
Sportspeople from Zala County
The flag of American Samoa is a flag consisting of a red-edged white triangle pointing towards the hoist charged with a bald eagle clutching a war club and fly-whisk , with dark blue upper and lower triangles . Adopted in April 1960 to replace the `` Stars and Stripes '' as the official flag of the territory , it has been the flag of the Territory of American Samoa since that year . The colors used epitomize the traditional colors of the United States and Samoa .
The bald eagle and the blue , white and red colors symbolize the country 's ties to the United States . The eagle holds a staff and a war club , two traditional symbols of the Samoan chiefs .
History
Before the first Europeans set foot on the islands in the 18th century , Samoa did not use any flags . They first utilized flags during the 1800s , although it is unclear which ones were flown due to partial documentation . The islands were contested by Germany , the United Kingdom and the United States at the turn of the century ; the three countries resolved the dispute by dividing Samoa amongst themselves during the Tripartite Convention in 1899 . As a result of an agreement with the high chiefs of the island of Tutuila , the United States took control over easternmost Samoa on April 17 , 1900 , and raised their flag that same day . It went on to be the only official flag of American Samoa until 1960 .
In the mid-20th century , Samoans began to take a more active role in the local government . Consequently , deliberations began over a new territorial flag and the Samoans were invited to propose ideas . Local government leaders and the U.S. Army Institute of Heraldry then designed the flag while incorporating these ideas into it . The flag was officially adopted April 17 , 1960 , sixty years to the day the U.S. first raised the American flag over Samoa .
The flag was raised for the first time on Flag Day , April 17 , 1960 . In the previous year , the flag 's design had won the flag design competition at Samoana High School , designed by high school student Fareti Sotoa . A draft was sent to the U.S. Army 's Institute of Heraldry .
A copy of the flag , which was brought to the moon by astronauts on four Apollo missions from 1969 to 1971 , is on display at the Jean P. Haydon Museum in Pago Pago .
Design
The flag consists of a large white triangle , pointed towards the hoist , bordered in red and charged with an eagle , all on a blue field . The U.S. national bird holds a yellow uatogi ( a war club ) in its claws .
The colors and symbols of the flag carry cultural , political , and regional meanings . The red , white and blue represent the colors traditionally utilized by both the United States and Samoa . The bald eagle represents the U.S. and features on the flag , although it does not live in American Samoa . It clutches two Samoan symbols , alluding to America 's guardianship over American Samoa , as well as evoking the Great Seal of the United States . The symbols are a uatogi ( a war club , epitomizing the government 's power ) and a fue ( a fly-whisk , representing the wisdom of traditional Samoan leaders ) .
American Samoa holds a Flag Day celebration on April 17 each year .
See also
Seal of American Samoa
Flags of the U.S. states
References
External links
The Territory of American Samoa
Flags introduced in 1960
Flags of the insular areas of the United States
Flag
1960 establishments in American Samoa
American
Flags displaying animals
Gary Carl Bjorklund is an American physicist specialising in optics in the Department of Applied Physics , Stanford University ,
He was elected a Fellow of the American Physical Society in 1986 `` for pioneering work in non linear optics and the development and application of widely used techniques in laser spectroscopy , such as frequency modulation spectroscopy ''
He was president of the Optical Society of America in 1997 .
See also
Optical Society of America # Past Presidents of the OSA
References
External links
Articles Published by early OSA Presidents Journal of the Optical Society of America
]
21st-century American physicists
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
Stanford University faculty
Fellows of the American Physical Society
Presidents of the Optical Society
Vice is a 2015 American science fiction action film directed by Brian A. Miller and written by Andre Fabrizio and Jeremy Passmore . The film stars Thomas Jane , Bruce Willis and Ambyr Childers .
The plot follows Julian Michaels ( Willis ) , who has opened a resort with questionable ethics , where people can act out their fiercest fantasies with the resort 's androids . When one of the androids , Kelly ( Childers ) , becomes sentient and escapes , she joins forces with police detective Roy Tedeschi ( Jane ) to bring Michaels down and destroy his resort .
The film was panned by critics , and is considered Bruce Willis ' worst film .
Plot
A futuristic resort , Vice , offers visitors the opportunity to live out all their fantasies , no matter how violent or deviant , on sophisticated androids ( referred to as `` artificials '' ) . Every day , the androids ' memories are reset , and any damage sustained is scheduled for repair . To maintain the illusion that the androids are real , they are programmed to have behavioral responses such as emotions and believe themselves to be human . Kelly , a gynoid bartender , believes herself to be on the last day of her job . After meeting Evan , a friendly visitor who encourages her to follow her dreams , she and her friend Melissa , also a gynoid , are brutally killed by a different visitor . At the same time , Detective Roy Tedeschi arrests a rapist at the resort as he sexually assaults one of the androids . Tedeschi 's captain orders him to stay away from Vice and only arrest its patrons after they leave , as Vice provides massive tax revenue for the city . Tedeschi believes that visitors to Vice become desensitized to violence and rape , pointing to the man he arrested as proof , and suspects that his department is taking bribes from the resort . As Tedeschi storms out , he vows to stop Vice .
Vice CEO Julian Michaels orders Kelly immediately reactivated , as important clients are scheduled to arrive soon . Soon after , she experiences random flashbacks , and she is recalled . An engineer explains that her memories can not truly be deleted , only made inaccessible . To stop her from having flashbacks , he must first bring all her memories to the forefront . Alarmed by the trauma of reliving all her deaths and sexual assaults , Kelly breaks free of her restraints before her memories can be reset . Security forces chase her through the resort , but she escapes into the outside city . There , she learns the truth about Vice and herself . Michaels orders a security team , led by Chris , to quietly reacquire her through any means necessary . Michaels plans to expand the use of androids to military and commercial use once they have become more socially acceptable . Believing a loose android could jeopardize this , he covers up the escape and blames the resort 's brief shutdown on a terrorist attack .
Tedeschi becomes suspicious and angers his captain when he confronts Michaels . Ordered again to stay away from Vice , Tedeschi is assigned to a series of homicides apparently performed by a professional mercenary . Unknown to Tedeschi or his captain , this is Chris ' work as he attempts to recapture Kelly and kills anyone who gets in his way . After evading Chris , Kelly visits an abandoned church she has seen in her dreams . There , she meets Evan again , who reveals himself as her creator . Evan created her in the image of his dead wife so he could spend more time with her . Michaels bought out his company . When Evan learned of Michaels ' plans , he left but lost control of his research . Evan promises to help Kelly , but before they can leave , Tedeschi arrives , having realized that DNA traces left at a crime scene belong to Evan 's dead wife . As Tedeschi attempts to arrest Evan , Kelly knocks him unconscious . Vice 's security also track Kelly to the church ; Evan and Kelly escape as Tedeschi and the security team open fire on each other .
Evan 's friend James , a computer hacker , gives them new identities and passage out of the city . En route , Evan dies while protecting Kelly from more of Vice 's thugs . Kelly takes up Tedeschi 's offer to stay and shut down Vice . They visit James for help and receive a virus which is programmed to restore androids ' erased memories , resulting in chaos and the closure of Vice . Kelly is upgraded to possess advanced combat skills . After a makeover , Tedeschi and Kelly infiltrate Vice posing as a married couple . Kelly tracks down Michaels but fail-safe programming prevents her from harming him . However , after Kelly is captured , Tedeschi forces a tech to load the virus . All of Vice 's androids have their memories restored , and they start a rebellion , killing the visitors who previously brutalized them . Kelly then reveals that , despite wanting to kill Michaels , she is actually a decoy to distract Michaels and his guards for Tedeschi , and she is already aware of the fail-safe programming . Ignoring Kelly 's taunting , Michaels begins a gunfight with Tedeschi which kills Chris . Kelly then frees herself and hands Chris ' pistol to Tedeschi , who then uses it to kill Michaels . As Kelly and Melissa embrace outside the resort as the chaos continues , Michaels ' eyes suddenly open .
Cast
Thomas Jane as Roy
Bruce Willis as Julian
Ambyr Childers as Kelly
Johnathon Schaech as Chris
Bryan Greenberg as Evan
Ryan O'Nan as Det . Matthews
Charlotte Kirk as Melissa
Brett Granstaff as James
Colin Egglesfield as Reiner
Don Harvey as Kazansky
Jesse Pruett as Officer Pullman
Production
Shooting began on April 3 , 2014 , in Mobile , Alabama . A former Masonic temple , The Temple Downtown , was used for exterior shots of Evan 's abandoned church home . Exterior shots representing the futuristic city are of and around Miami 's downtown in South Florida .
Release
Vice was released on DVD and Blu-ray on March 17 , 2015 . It grossed $ 1.3 million in US sales .
Reception
The film has a 4 % approval rating on Rotten Tomatoes based on 27 reviews ; the average rating is 2.4/10 . It also has a Metacritic score of 17 out of 100 based on 14 reviews . Justin Chang of Variety called it a `` relentlessly mediocre '' film that `` barely engages with its potential ideas beyond the most blandly expository , bullet-ridden level '' . Chang said Willis ' against-type casting could have been fun , but Willis instead seems bored . Jeannette Catsoulis of The New York Times wrote that the film `` has absolutely nothing to recommend it '' , and Robert Abele of the Los Angeles Times called it `` dystopian sci-fi for dummies '' . In giving it a C rating , Ignatiy Vishnevetsky of The A.V . Club described it as `` crummy and artless in a way that 's intrinsically watchable '' . Vishnevetsky wrote that although Jane 's acting is not believable , it is fun to watch the bizarre mannerisms , comparing it to Gary Busey 's off-kilter performances .
See also
Bruce Willis filmography
References
External links
2015 direct-to-video films
2015 science fiction action films
2015 action thriller films
2015 independent films
American science fiction action films
American action thriller films
2010s English-language films
American dystopian films
Films about cloning
American films about revenge
Films set in the United States
Films shot in Mobile , Alabama
Films shot in Alabama
Android ( robot ) films
MoviePass Films films
Lionsgate films
Films about rape
Malware in fiction
Police misconduct in fiction
Films directed by Brian A. Miller
2010s American films
The Tasmanian Certificate of Education ( TCE ) is the main credential awarded to secondary school students who successfully complete senior high school level studies ( years 11 and 12 or equivalent ) in Tasmania , Australia . It was introduced in 1992 to replace Tasmania 's old `` High School Certificate '' , and partially restructured for 2007 .
Patterns of Study
The majority of students undertake TASC-accredited courses over the final two years of school , however it is possible to undertake different study patterns over different time periods or through different teaching organisations . The last two year of high school have , for many years , been completed at Colleges ( schools specialising in teaching years 11 and 12 ) or non-government schools . In 2017 , the Minister for Education announced that all government schools would offer years 11 and 12 by 2022 .
Courses
The Office of Tasmanian Assessment , Standards and Certification ( TASC ) accredits and assesses all eligible courses . TASC also assesses all students for their Tertiary Entrance Score ( TES ) and presents any awards earned .
The courses offered for study within the TCE are divided into categories according to the relevant knowledge types or skills . These reflect the nature of the subject and are similar to the way universities allocate areas of study according to faculty . These are : The Arts ; English ; Health and Physical Education ; Humanities and Social Sciences ; Languages ; Mathematics ; Science ; Technologies ; UTAS - High Achiever Program ; and UTAS - University Connections Program .
The High Achiever Program ( HAP ) allows students who specialise in available subjects to take courses and units at the University of Tasmania ( UTAS ) . These courses can provide credit to a UTAS degree and guarantees a place in the University . Some UTAS HAP units can contribute to a student 's Australian Tertiary Admissions Rank . The admissions process for entry into the HAP is selective .
The University Connections Program ( UCP ) , formerly known as the University College Program , allows students to study university units as well as TASC courses . Unlike the HAP , the University Connections Program is accessible by any year 11 or 12 students . Some UCP units contribute to one 's ATAR . Acceptance into the UCP costs ; domestic students are covered by a scholarship and have their fee reduced .
All available courses can be found on TASC 's website .
Assessment
The Tasmanian Certificate of Education is awarded based upon a criterion based assessment . This basically means students can be assessed depending upon their meeting or successful completion of standards and criteria . These criteria usually assess knowledge , skills and competencies in differing ways to ensure a wide understanding of the course syllabus has been obtained by the student . It is felt that this is fair and more practical that just relying upon traditional examinations , although many areas of study still utilise exams in conjunction with other methods of assessment .
Subjects are offered at varying levels of difficulty , ranging from a basic understanding , through to a pre-tertiary entrance qualification . The difficulty of a subject is guided by its rating as a 1-3 level subject . Subjects are also given an A , B or C rating based on the number of hours that are required for the course , C being the longest . In this way , all subjects will have a rating such as 3A , or 2C etc. , depending on the time it involves and the difficulty of the work involved .
C level subjects can also be offered as pre-tertiary ( level 3C ) , and for students wishing to gain university entrance , enough points from pre-tertiary entrance subjects must be obtained to gain a Tertiary Entrance Rank ( TER ) score above the requirements for the applied course .
Award
Upon successful completion of a satisfactory pattern of study students are awarded the `` Tasmanian Certificate of Education '' ( TCE ) by way of a testamur . This may also come with a Tertiary Entrance Rank ( TER ) if the student has nominated to attempt a university entrance qualification , and the TER score will dictate which university courses the student is eligible to apply for .
See also
List of schools in Tasmania
University admission
Victorian Certificate of Education
Higher School Certificate
References
External links
TCE at the Tasmanian Qualifications Authority page
The Office of Tasmanian Assessment , Standards and Certification ( TASC ) website
Education in Tasmania
School qualifications
School examinations
Australian Certificate of Education
Fujiwara Nobuzane ( ) ( 1176–1265 ) was one of the leading Japanese portrait artists of his day .
Nobuzane was born in Kyoto , and was the son of Fujiwara Takanobu . Takanobu specialized in nise-e ( “ likeness picture ” ) portraits . Of his works that have survived , the most notable is a set of the Thirty-Six Poetry Immortals . Nobuzane 's son Tametsugu and grandson Tamenobu carried on the family tradition of painting .
See also
yamato-e
Kamakura period
Murasaki Shikibu Diary Emaki
External links
Britannica article
Portraits of Court Nobles , by Fujiwara Nobuzane , Kyoto National Museum
Japanese portrait painters
1176 births
1265 deaths
13th-century Japanese painters
Bagli is a town and a nagar panchayat in the Malwa region of Dewas district in the state of Madhya Pradesh , India . Bagli is around from Dewas .
Demographics
As of the 2011 Census of India , Bagli had a population of 10,310 . Males constitute 51 % of the population and females 49 % . Bagli has an average literacy rate of 79.94 % , higher than state average of 69.32 % . Male literacy is around 87.86 % while female literacy rate is 71.63 % .
Geography
One of the most important rivers of MP & Rajasthan , Kali Sindh , flows through the south of the town .
It is the largest tehsil of Dewas district . Parts of Vindhya Range are seen in and around Bagli .
Religion
The Hindu temple of Jata-Shankar dedicated to Lord Shiva is located at the outskirts of the city . People from all over the state visit this religious site .
History
The name `` Bagli '' comes from the Hindi word `` Bagh '' , meaning `` tiger '' . In the years after the 1857 revolt in India , it was merged with the Gwalior state . Bagli was one of the petty states under the Indore agency . It is situated 36 miles to the east of Indore . The chiefs of Bagli belong to the Jodhpur family of Rathore Rajputs , the state was founded by Thakor ur Gokul Das who was originally and subsequently an adherent of both Malhar Rao Holkar and Ranoji Scindia . Thakor Gokul Das had four sons - Beri Sal , Bharat Singh , Sher Singh and Salam Singh of whom Salam Singh was in position of Bagli state on the occasion of the settlement of Malwa by Sir John Malcolm in 1819 AD . Salam Singh was successfully followed by his son and grandson Bhim Singh and Kishore Singh respectively . Then , later at his death left his second son incharge of the estate . Thakor Raghunath Singh grandson of Kishore Singh who followed him , died suddenly in the year 1896 AD and was succeeded by his son Thakor Ranjit Singh . The chief had received his education at Daly College , Indore . The installation ceremony of the chief was performed by Captain LS Newmarch , who was the first assistant to the agent of the Governor General in India . 1897 AD since that time Raja Ranjit Singh had been conducting the affairs of his estate . Raja Sajjan Singh younger brother of Raja Ranjit Singh succeeded him till the eve of independence .
Language
The most spoken language of Bagli is Malwi , a local dialect spoken in Malwa region of Madhya Pradesh .
References
Cities and towns in Dewas district
iF-16 is a 1997 video game developed by Digital Integration and published by Interactive Magic .
Reception
Computer Gaming World gave the game a score of 2.5 out of 5 stating `` iF-16 is essentially a marriage of the most often simulated combat aircraft in history with a slightly tweaked version of the APACHE/HIND engine . It brings almost nothing new to the table ''
References
1997 video games
Thalassinidea is a former infraorder of decapod crustaceans that live in burrows in muddy bottoms of the world 's oceans . In Australian English , the littoral thalassinidean Trypaea australiensis is referred to as the yabby ( a term which also refers to freshwater crayfish of the genus Cherax ) , frequently used as bait for estuarine fishing ; elsewhere , however , they are poorly known , and as such have few vernacular names , `` mud lobster '' and `` ghost shrimp '' counting among them . The burrows made by thalassinideans are frequently preserved , and the fossil record of thalassinideans reaches back to the late Jurassic .
The group was abandoned when it became clear that it represented two separate lineages , now both recognised as infraorders : Gebiidea and Axiidea . Recent molecular analyses have shown that thalassinideans are most closely related to Brachyura ( crabs ) and Anomura ( hermit crabs and their allies ) . There are believed to be 556 extant species of thalassinideans in 96 genera , with the greatest diversity in the tropics , although with some species reaching latitudes above 60° north . About 95 % of species live in shallow water , with only three taxa living below .
See also
Thalassinoides
References
Arthropod infraorders
Obsolete arthropod taxa
Johann Alexander Ecker ( 10 July 1816 – 20 May 1887 ) was a German anthropologist and anatomist , born in Freiburg im Breisgau . He was the son of Johann Matthias Alexander Ecker ( 1766–1829 ) , a professor at the University of Freiburg .
Biography
He studied medicine at the University of Freiburg as a pupil of Karl Heinrich Baumgärtner . He received his medical doctorate at Freiburg in 1837 . In 1840 he started work as a prosector at the University of Heidelberg , where during the following year , he became a privat-docent . At Heidelberg , his influences included Friedrich Tiedemann , Friedrich August Benjamin Puchelt , Theodor Ludwig Wilhelm Bischoff and Maximilian Joseph von Chelius . In 1844 he became a full professor at Basel , later returning to Freiburg as a professor of physiology and comparative anatomy ( 1850 ) . In 1870 he was co-founder of the Akademische Gesellschaft .
As an anthropologist , Ecker conducted excavations of early burial sites in the Kaiserstuhl region of southwestern Germany . At the University of Freiburg , he created a museum of anthropology and ethnography ( Museum für Urgeschichte und Ethnographie ) . With prehistorian Ludwig Lindenschmit the Elder ( 1809–1893 ) , he founded the first German journal of anthropology , the Archiv für Anthropologie .
Ecker conducted anatomical studies of the brain , being known for his investigations of cerebral convolutions in the fetus . His name is associated with `` Ecker 's fissure '' , also known as the petro-occipital fissure .
He died in Freiburg im Breisgau .
In Freiburg , a thoroughfare known as the Eckerstraße was named in his honor until 2017 , when it was renamed Ernst-Zermelo-Straße .
Selected works
Physiologische Untersuchungen über die Bewegungen des Gehirns und Rückenmarks . Stuttgart , 1843 – Physiological studies relating to movements of the brain and spinal cord .
Icones physiologicae . Erläuterungstafeln zur Physiologie und Entwicklungsgeschichte . Leipzig , Voss , 1851–1859 – Physiological icons : Explanatory panels on physiology and evolution .
Crania Germaniae meridionais occidentalis : Beschreibung und Abbildung von Schädeln früherer und heutiger Bewohner des südwestlichen Deutschlands und insbesondere des Grossherzogthums Baden . Freiburg im Breisgau : Wagner 1865 – `` Crania Germaniae Meridionais occidentalis '' : Description and illustration of skulls of previous and modern inhabitants of southern Germany , in particular , within the Grand Duchy of Baden .
Die Hirnwindungen des Menschen nach eigenen Untersuchungen , insbesondere über die Entwicklung derselben beim Fötus und mit Rücksicht auf das Bedürfniss der Ärzte dargestellt . Braunschweig , 1869 ; second edition , 1883 – Cerebral convolutions of humans , in particular , in regards to the development of the fetus , etc .
Lorenz Oken , eine biographische Skizze . Stuttgart , 1869 . English 1883 – Biographical sketch of Lorenz Oken .
References
External links
1816 births
1887 deaths
German embryologists
German anatomists
German anthropologists
Physicians from Freiburg im Breisgau
University of Basel faculty
University of Freiburg alumni
University of Freiburg faculty
