Katie Walker ( April 12 , 1969 ) is a British furniture designer well known for combining simple components in her work . Her designs combine the function of the object with a sculptural interpretation of its structure . She works with craft and volume manufacturers and produces specific one-off commissions from a variety of materials .
Education
She first studied Furniture and Related Product Design at London 's Ravensbourne College of Design and Communication and went on to study for an MA in Furniture Design at the Royal College of Art .
Notable work
As a furniture designer and business person ( she runs Katie Walker Furniture ) , Katie designs pieces for batch production and for one-off commissions . Most of these pieces are made by Katie Walker Furniture .
Selected commissions include :
1993 Public seating for National Heritage , Bushy Park , Teddington
1994 Boardroom , reception and terrace furniture for Parallel Media Group plc , London
1996 Boardroom table and chairs , Prince 's Trust headquarters , Regents Park
1998 Seating for Walsall Leather Museum
2000 Reception area seating , South East Arts , Tunbridge Wells
2000 Seating for Worcester City Art Gallery and Museum
2000,02 Public seating for Allied London Properties Ltd . The Swan shopping Centre , Leatherhead and St. Christophers Place , St. Albans
2002 Seating for Hove Museum & Art Gallery
2002 Altar , lectern and candlesticks for St. Nicholas ' church , Arundel
2004 Reception desk and retail display for Farnham Crafts Study Centre
Award-winning pieces include :
Ribbon Rocking Chair ( winner of the Wesley Barrell Craft Award and both the Wood Awards Furniture and Innovation Awards in 2006 )
Weight and See Mirror ( the original of which toured the UK with the `` One-Tree '' Exhibition )
Gallery seating ( holder of Guildmark 250 from the Worshipful Company of Furniture Makers )
Eyers Dining Group - a private commission
Exhibitions
1993 'Walk do n't Walk ' , street furniture exhibition at Liverpools ' 'Visionfest '
1994 The Hannah Peschar Sculpture Garden , Oxted , Surrey
1995 , 96 , 98 'Decorative Arts Today ' , Bonhams , London
1995,96,97,98,99,01 '100 % Design ' , London
1996,97 The Garden Gallery , Stockbridge , Hampshire
1996 'Living at Belsay ' , Belsay Hall , Northumberland
1996 , 97 'Design Resolutions ' , Royal Festival Hall , London
1997 'The Garden ' , The Harley Gallery , Worksop
1997 , 2002 , 2004 The Grace Barrand Design Centre , Nutfield , Surrey
1997 'Almost Edible ' Six Chapel Row Gallery , Bath
1998 The Hill House , Helensburgh , Scotland
1998 'Katie Walker Furniture ' Hove Museum & Art Gallery
1999 , 01 A Celebration of Craftsmanship , Cheltenham
2001/ 2002 'onetree ' : Royal Botanic Garden Edinburgh ; Tenants Hall , Tatton Park , Cheshire ; Bristol City Art Gallery ; the Geffrye Museum , London
2002 Chelsea Crafts Fair , London
2004 'New Member Focus ' , Contemporary Applied Arts , London
2006 Collect
2006 Origin
References
`` Walker 's Way '' - Country House , Issue 02 , April 2007
`` Going for bespoke '' - Rebecca Tanquerary , Sunday Times 11 March 2007
`` How to spend it , Skinny by Curvaceous '' - Sue Webster , Financial Times , 14 Jun 2002
`` Rock of Ages '' - Sudi Piggott , Fincancial Times , 26 May 2007 ,
International Design Yearbook , ed . Richard Sapper & Michael Horsham , Abbeville Press Inc. , 1998
`` The Guild Marks '' - Worshipful Company of Furniture Makers , 2005
`` One tree '' - Garry Olson , Peter Toaig , and Gary Olsen , Merrell Publishers Ltd 2001
`` Bespoke '' - A Source book of Furniture Designer Makers , Betty Norbury , 2007
Personal life
Katie is married and has two daughters . She lives in West Sussex , UK .
She is a Fellow of the Royal Society of Arts , A member of Design Nation and a member of Contemporary Applied Arts
External links
Katie Walker Furniture official site
Living people
1969 births
British furniture designers
Tee Pee Records is an American independent rock music record label in New York City , prominent for releasing music by Sleep , Witch , Graveyard , Earthless , High on Fire and the Brian Jonestown Massacre . It has housed many stoner rock bands .
Roster
Current artists
Ancestors
Assemble Head in Sunburst Sound
Burning Love
Carousel
Coliseum
Earthless
Graveyard
Hopewell
Imaad Wasif
Jason Simon of Dead Meadow
Joy
Karma to Burn
Naam
Nebula
Night Horse
Quest for Fire
Ruby the Hatchet
The Skull
Spindrift
The Warlocks
Whirr
Witch
Past artists
All Night
Annihilation Time
Bad Wizard
Black NASA
Boulder
The Brian Jonestown Massacre
Buzzkill
Chrome Locust
Cloudland Canyon
Core
Mark D
Drunk Horse
Eldopa
Entrance
The Everyones
Gonga
Hermano
High on Fire
The High Strung
Immortal Lee County Killers
The J.J. Paradise Players Club
Kadavar
Kalas
Kreisor
Leechmilk
Logical Nonsense
Lost Goat
The Lovetones
Maplewood
The Mystick Krewe of Clearlight
On Trial
Pay Neuter
Priestess
Raging Slab
Sixty Watt Shaman
Sleep
Sofa King Killer
Spirit Caravan
Teeth of the Hydra
Throttle
Titan
Tricky Woo
Ya Ho Wha 13
References
External links
Official site
Myspace
Record labels established in 1993
1993 establishments in New York City
Companies based in New York City
American independent record labels
Rock record labels
Heavy metal record labels
Psychedelic rock record labels
Pane di Altamura is a type of Italian naturally leavened bread made from remilled durum wheat semola from the Altamura area of the Provincia di Bari , in the Apulia region .
In 2003 Pane di Altamura was granted PDO status within Europe .
By law , it must be produced according to a range of strict conditions , including using particular varieties of durum wheat ( all locally produced ) , a certain specification of water , a consistent production method , and must also have a final crust that is at least 3 mm thick . The shape of the bread is not essential for a loaf to be certified , but there are some traditional shapes .
Official production zone consists of the Comuni of :
Altamura
Gravina in Puglia
Laterza
Matera
Poggiorsini
Santeramo in colle
Spinazzola
Minervino Murge
See also
Altamura
Altamura Man
Pulo di Altamura
Altamurana
References
Consorzio per la tutela del Pane di Altamura ( in Italian ) ( Accessed 18 July 2010 )
Italian breads
Cuisine of Apulia
Italian products with protected designation of origin
Thomas F. O'Neill ( 1890–1974 ) was an American art director .
Selected filmography
The Last Performance ( 1927 )
The Man Who Laughs ( 1928 )
Broadway ( 1929 )
The Unexpected Father ( 1932 )
Destry Rides Again ( 1932 )
Saturday 's Millions ( 1933 )
Gordon of Ghost City ( 1933 )
The Affair of Susan ( 1935 )
Storm Over the Andes ( 1935 )
References
Bibliography
Bradley , Edwin M. The First Hollywood Musicals : A Critical Filmography of 171 Features , 1927 through 1932 . McFarland , 2004 .
External links
1890 births
1974 deaths
American art directors
People from Brooklyn
In computer vision , the problem of object categorization from image search is the problem of training a classifier to recognize categories of objects , using only the images retrieved automatically with an Internet search engine . Ideally , automatic image collection would allow classifiers to be trained with nothing but the category names as input . This problem is closely related to that of content-based image retrieval ( CBIR ) , where the goal is to return better image search results rather than training a classifier for image recognition .
Traditionally , classifiers are trained using sets of images that are labeled by hand . Collecting such a set of images is often a very time-consuming and laborious process . The use of Internet search engines to automate the process of acquiring large sets of labeled images has been described as a potential way of greatly facilitating computer vision research .
Challenges
Unrelated images
One problem with using Internet image search results as a training set for a classifier is the high percentage of unrelated images within the results . It has been estimated that , when a search engine such as Google images is queried with the name of an object category ( such as airplane ? , up to 85 % of the returned images are unrelated to the category .
Intra-class variability
Another challenge posed by using Internet image search results as training sets for classifiers is that there is a high amount of variability within object categories , when compared with categories found in hand-labeled datasets such as Caltech 101 and Pascal . Images of objects can vary widely in a number of important factors , such as scale , pose , lighting , number of objects , and amount of occlusion .
pLSA approach
In a 2005 paper by Fergus et al. , pLSA ( probabilistic latent semantic analysis ) and extensions of this model were applied to the problem of object categorization from image search . pLSA was originally developed for document classification , but has since been applied to computer vision . It makes the assumption that images are documents that fit the bag of words model .
Model
Just as text documents are made up of words , each of which may be repeated within the document and across documents , images can be modeled as combinations of visual words . Just as the entire set of text words are defined by a dictionary , the entire set of visual words is defined in a codeword dictionary .
pLSA divides documents into topics as well . Just as knowing the topic ( s ) of an article allows you to make good guesses about the kinds of words that will appear in it , the distribution of words in an image is dependent on the underlying topics . The pLSA model tells us the probability of seeing each word given the category in terms of topics :
An important assumption made in this model is that and are conditionally independent given . Given a topic , the probability of a certain word appearing as part of that topic is independent of the rest of the image .
Training this model involves finding and that maximizes the likelihood of the observed words in each document . To do this , the expectation maximization algorithm is used , with the following objective function :
Application
ABS-pLSA
Absolute position pLSA ( ABS-pLSA ) attaches location information to each visual word by localizing it to one of X 揵ins ? in the image . Here , represents which of the bins the visual word falls into . The new equation is :
and can be solved for in a manner similar to the original pLSA problem , using the EM algorithm
A problem with this model is that it is not translation or scale invariant . Since the positions of the visual words are absolute , changing the size of the object in the image or moving it would have a significant impact on the spatial distribution of the visual words into different bins .
TSI-pLSA
Translation and scale invariant pLSA ( TSI-pLSA ) . This model extends pLSA by adding another latent variable , which describes the spatial location of the target object in an image . Now , the position of a visual word is given relative to this object location , rather than as an absolute position in the image . The new equation is :
Again , the parameters and can be solved using the EM algorithm . can be assumed to be a uniform distribution .
Implementation
Selecting words
Words in an image were selected using 4 different feature detectors :
Kadir–Brady saliency detector
Multi-scale Harris detector
Difference of Gaussians
Edge based operator , described in the study
Using these 4 detectors , approximately 700 features were detected per image . These features were then encoded as Scale-invariant feature transform descriptors , and vector quantized to match one of 350 words contained in a codebook . The codebook was precomputed from features extracted from a large number of images spanning numerous object categories .
Possible object locations
One important question in the TSI-pLSA model is how to determine the values that the random variable can take on . It is a 4-vector , whose components describe the object抯 centroid as well as x and y scales that define a bounding box around the object , so the space of possible values it can take on is enormous . To limit the number of possible object locations to a reasonable number , normal pLSA is first carried out on the set of images , and for each topic a Gaussian mixture model is fit over the visual words , weighted by . Up to Gaussians are tried ( allowing for multiple instances of an object in a single image ) , where is a constant .
Performance
The authors of the Fergus et al . paper compared performance of the three pLSA algorithms ( pLSA , ABS-pLSA , and TSI-pLSA ) on handpicked datasets and images returned from Google searches . Performance was measured as the error rate when classifying images in a test set as either containing the image or containing only background .
As expected , training directly on Google data gives higher error rates than training on prepared data. ? In about half of the object categories tested do ABS-pLSA and TSI-pLSA perform significantly better than regular pLSA , and in only 2 categories out of 7 does TSI-pLSA perform better than the other two models .
OPTIMOL
OPTIMOL ( automatic Online Picture collection via Incremental MOdel Learning ) approaches the problem of learning object categories from online image searches by addressing model learning and searching simultaneously . OPTIMOL is an iterative model that updates its model of the target object category while concurrently retrieving more relevant images .
General framework
OPTIMOL was presented as a general iterative framework that is independent of the specific model used for category learning . The algorithm is as follows :
Download a large set of images from the Internet by searching for a keyword
Initialize the dataset with seed images
While more images needed in the dataset :
Learn the model with most recently added dataset images
Classify downloaded images using the updated model
Add accepted images to the dataset
Note that only the most recently added images are used in each round of learning . This allows the algorithm to run on an arbitrarily large number of input images .
Model
The two categories ( target object and background ) are modeled as Hierarchical Dirichlet processes ( HDPs ) . As in the pLSA approach , it is assumed that the images can be described with the bag of words models . HDP models the distributions of an unspecified number of topics across images in a category , and across categories . The distribution of topics among images in a single category is modeled as a Dirichlet process ( a type of non-parametric probability distribution ) . To allow the sharing of topics across classes , each of these Dirichlet processes is modeled as a sample from another 損arent ? Dirichlet process . HDP was first described by Teh et al . in 2005 .
Implementation
Initialization
The dataset must be initialized , or seeded with an original batch of images which serve as good exemplars of the object category to be learned . These can be gathered automatically , using the first page or so of images returned by the search engine ( which tend to be better than the subsequent images ) . Alternatively , the initial images can be gathered by hand .
Model learning
To learn the various parameters of the HDP in an incremental manner , Gibbs sampling is used over the latent variables . It is carried out after each new set of images is incorporated into the dataset . Gibbs sampling involves repeatedly sampling from a set of random variables in order to approximate their distributions . Sampling involves generating a value for the random variable in question , based on the state of the other random variables on which it is dependent . Given sufficient samples , a reasonable approximation of the value can be achieved .
Classification
At each iteration , and can be obtained from model learned after the previous round of Gibbs sampling , where is a topic , is a category , and is a single visual word . The likelihood of an image being in a certain class , then , is :
This is computed for each new candidate image per iteration . The image is classified as belonging to the category with the highest likelihood .
Addition to the dataset and `` cache set ''
In order to qualify for incorporation into the dataset , however , an image must satisfy a stronger condition :
Where and are foreground ( object ) and background categories , respectively , and the ratio of constants describes the risk of accepting false positives and false negatives . They are adjusted automatically at every iteration , with the cost of a false positive set higher than that of a false negative . This ensures that a better dataset is collected .
Once an image is accepted by meeting the above criterion and incorporated into the dataset , however , it needs to meet another criterion before it is incorporated into the 揷ache set敆the set of images to be used for training . This set is intended to be a diverse subset of the set of accepted images . If the model were trained on all accepted images , it might become more and more highly specialized , only accepting images very similar to previous ones .
Performance
Performance of the OPTIMOL method is defined by three factors :
Ability to collect images : OPTIMOL , it is found , can automatically collect large numbers of good images from the web . The size of the OPTIMOL-retrieved image sets surpass that of large human-labeled image sets for the same categories , such as those found in Caltech 101 .
Classification accuracy : Classification accuracy was compared to the accuracy displayed by the classifier yielded by the pLSA methods discussed earlier . It was discovered that OPTIMOL achieved slightly higher accuracy , obtaining 74.8 % accuracy on 7 object categories , as compared to 72.0 % .
Comparison with batch learning : An important question to address is whether OPTIMOL 's incremental learning gives it an advantage over traditional batch learning methods , when everything else about the model is held constant . When the classifier learns incrementally , by selecting the next images based on what it learned from the previous ones , three important results are observed :
Incremental learning allows OPTIMOL to collect a better dataset
Incremental learning allows OPTIMOL to learn faster ( by discarding irrelevant images )
Incremental learning does not negatively affect the ROC curve of the classifier ; in fact , incremental learning yielded an improvement
Object categorization in content-based image retrieval
Typically , image searches only make use of text associated with images . The problem of content-based image retrieval is that of improving search results by taking into account visual information contained in the images themselves . Several CBIR methods make use of classifiers trained on image search results , to refine the search . In other words , object categorization from image search is one component of the system . OPTIMOL , for example , uses a classifier trained on images collected during previous iterations to select additional images for the returned dataset .
Examples of CBIR methods that model object categories from image search are :
Fergus et al. , 2004
Berg and Forsyth , 2006
Yanai and Barnard , 2006
References
See also
Probabilistic latent semantic analysis
Latent Dirichlet allocation
Machine learning
Bag of words model
Content-based image retrieval
Object recognition and categorization
Image search
Isabelle Barciulli ( born 21 April 1986 ) is an Italian rally driver and co-driver currently competing in the FIA E-Rally Regularity Cup . As a co-driver , she was the 2014 FIA Alternative Energies World Champion .
Biography
Barciulli made her debut in the FIA Alternative Energies Cup as a driver in 2012 paired with Francesca Olivoni . She finished in fifth place at the Hi-Tech Ecomobility Rally in Athens and sixth at the Ecorally San Marino – Città del Vaticano , ending the season in ninth place in the overall standings . In the same year , she participated as co-driver in the Campionato Italiano Energie Alternative alongside Guido Guerrini . In 2013 , she managed to score points both as a driver , finishing sixth with Olivoni at the Hi-Tech of Greece and at the Ecorally of San Marino and as a co-driver with Guerrini , having finished second in the Rally Eco Bulgaria . In the 2014 season , she became co-driver world champion as a result of four podiums obtained paired with Guerrini , having finished in second place at the Ecorally della Mendola , the Rally Eco Bulgaria and the Hi-Tech in Athens and third place at the Tesla Rally in Belgrade .
In other media
In 2015 , Barciulli made her film debut in Sergio Castellitto 's film You Ca n't Save Yourself Alone .
References
External links
1986 births
Living people
Italian rally drivers
Italian rally co-drivers
Sportspeople from Florence
FIA E-Rally Regularity Cup drivers
The NanoBook is an ultra-mobile PC reference design by VIA Technologies , Inc . It has a clamshell form factor , a 7-inch 800×480 touchscreen display , and a full-size keyboard . It weighs less than 850 g ( approximately 1.87 lb ) and has a claimed battery life of up to 4.5 hours . It is based on the VIA VX700 chipset , featuring the VIA UniChrome Pro II IGP integrated graphics and powered by the 1.2-GHz VIA C7-M ultra low voltage processor . It includes up to 1 GB DDR2 memory , a minimum 30-GB hard drive , 802.11g WiFi , Bluetooth and Ethernet support , as well as a 4-in-1 card reader , a DVI port and two USB 2.0 ports .
The company 's press release states that , `` [ t ] o provide users with additional flexibility when they are on the move , the VIA NanoBook also features a USB slot next to the screen that will enable the snap-in integration of a variety of World Time Clock/Calendar , GPS , VOIP , and broadband wireless modules . ''
The NanoBook is `` [ t ] argeted at aggressive consumer price points '' , and is expected to be available starting in the second half of 2007 through global OEMs and SIs .
Specification
Overview of the VIA NanoBook UMD reference design specification from VIA 's web site :
Processor : 1.2 GHz VIA C7-M ULV ( Ultra Low Voltage ) Processor
Chipset : VIA VX700 System Media Processor ( integrated North & South Bridge )
Memory : DDR2 SO-DIMM up to 1 GB
30-GB HDD
Display : 7-inch 800×480 touchscreen TFT LCD
Graphics : VIA UniChrome Pro II IGP Integrated 3D/2D Graphics with shared memory up to 64 MB
Audio : VIA Vinyl VT1708A HD Audio codec ; 2 speakers
Networking :
Ethernet : Realtek RTL8100CL 10/100 Mbit/s
Wireless LAN : Azure Wave 802.11b/g ( USB interface )
Bluetooth : Billionton ( USB interface )
I/O :
4-in-1 Card Reader
1× DVI-I port
2× Hi-Speed USB2.0 ports
1× RJ45 Ethernet port
Audio jacks :
1× Mic-in audio jack
1× Array Microphone jack
1× Headphone ( line out ) jack
Status Indicator : Power On ; Battery ; RF ( with power button ) ; HDD ; Caps Lock
Battery : 4 cells for up to 4.5 hours of battery life ( BatteryMark 2004 )
Dimensions : 230 mm ( W ) × 171 mm ( D ) × 29.4 mm ( H )
Weight : Under 850 g
Operating System Support : Supports Microsoft Windows XP , Windows Vista and all popular Linux distributions
Netbooks Nanobook-based
Apricot Picobook Pro
Aristo Pico 740
Astone UMPC CE-260
Belinea s.book 1
Blue Thunder BT260
Elonex Websurfer
Everex CloudBook
Everex Cloudbook CE1200V
Everex Cloudbook CE1201V
Everex Cloudbook SC1200T
Everex Cloudbook CE1200J
iDOT CE260
Packard Bell Easynote XS
Pioneer Dreambook Light CE26
Sungju TangoX Nano
Surcouf La Révolution
Sylvania g
Zyrex Ubud
See also
ASUS Eee PC
Palm Foleo
Ultra-Mobile PC
VIA OpenBook
References
External links
VIA NanoBook UMD Reference Design
VIA introduces NanoBook Ultra Mobile Device a $ 600 ultraportable laptop
Laptops
Ultra Mobile PC
VIA Technologies
Netbooks
The 1955 season of the Primera División Peruana , the top category of Peruvian football , was played by 10 teams . The national champions were Alianza Lima . Sporting Tabaco change its name to Sporting Cristal for 1956 .
Results
Standings
National title Play-off
External links
Peru 1955 season at RSSSF
Peruvian Football League News
Peru1
1955 in Peruvian football
Peruvian Primera División seasons
Henry D. Sheldon High School is a public high school in Eugene , Oregon , United States . The school 's nickname is the Irish . Sheldon is one of four traditional high schools in the Eugene School District .
History
Sheldon High School opened in the 1963-64 academic year as the third high school in the Eugene School District .
The school gets its name from Dr. Henry D. Sheldon ( 1874–1948 ) .
Athletics
Sheldon plays at the 6A level . The football team was named twenty-fourth in the nation by USA Today in 2002 and has won the most 6A high school championship appearances in the state of Oregon history .
State championships
Includes team championships .
Team sports , fall
Football : 2002 , 2007 , 2009 , 2012 , 2014
Boys ' soccer : 2002
Girls ' soccer : 2003 , 2004
Team sports , winter
Boys ' basketball : 1992
Cheerleading : 2004
Dance/drill : 2002 , 2008 , 2009 , 2017
Boys ' swimming : 1975 , 1986 , 1987 , 1988 , 1991 , 1993 , 1996 , 1999
Girls ' swimming : 1997 , 1998 , 2000
Team sports , spring
Boys ' track & field : 2009 , 2016
Girls ' track & field : 1968
Boys ' tennis : 1971 , 1972 , 2001
Girls ' tennis : 1993
Softball : 2019
Baseball : 2013 , 2015
Boys ' golf : 2005 , 2006
Girls ' golf : 2013
Student media
Newspaper
The Talisman is the student newspaper . It is published twice per term . It was given the Columbia Scholastic Press Association 's Silver Crown Award for high school newspapers in 1988 .
Radio
Sheldon is home to KRVM ( AM ) and KRVM ( FM ) , a public access radio station which includes student involvement .
Awards
Sheldon won the Oregonian Cup , an OSAA award for `` overall school excellence in academics , activities , athletics and sportsmanship , '' in the 2001-2002 and 2002–2003 school years .
In June 2010 , KGW and The Register-Guard reported that Sheldon had made Newsweeks annual list of the nation 's best public high schools of the year , ranking second best in Oregon and 665th in the nation .
Notable alumni
Jon Anderson - 1972 Summer Olympics runner , winner of 1973 Boston Marathon
Alex Brink - quarterback , Houston Texans , Canadian Football League
Greg Byrne - Athletic Director for the University of Alabama
Kameron Canaday - NFL player
Robert Anderson - Nonconformist ( 950+ notable achievements )
Todd Christensen - football player , Los Angeles Raiders
James Dutton - NASA astronaut pilot
Justin Herbert - NFL quarterback for the Los Angeles Chargers
Dave Hunt - House Speaker , Oregon House of Representatives
Jon Jaqua - football player , Washington Redskins
Mike Luckovich - editorial cartoonist for The Atlanta Journal-Constitution
Chris Miller - football player , Atlanta Falcons
Brent Primus - former Bellator MMA Lightweight Champion
Michael Walter - football player , San Francisco 49ers
Craig Wasson - actor
Taylor John Williams - singer on Season 7 of The Voice
References
External links
High schools in Lane County , Oregon
Education in Eugene , Oregon
Public high schools in Oregon
James Ronald Grant ( August 4 , 1894 – November 30 , 1985 ) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball who played briefly for the Philadelphia Phillies during the season . Listed at , 180 lb. , Grant batted right-handed and threw left-handed . He was born in Coalville , Iowa .
Grant , who played most of his career in the minor leagues , pitched from 1916 to 1923 for the Des Moines Boosters and Sioux City Packers of the defunct Western League before joining the Phillies . In two relief appearances for Philadelphia , Grant posted a 13.50 earned run average in 4.0 innings of work , giving up eight runs ( two unearned ) on 10 hits and four walks . He did not get a decision and was not credited with a save or a strikeout .
Following his majors stint , Grant pitched for the Waterloo Hawks ( 1926–1928 ) and Shreveport Sports ( 1930 ) , before returning to Des Moines ( now the Demons ) for three and a half seasons ( 1930–1933 ) . He collected a 106–61 record in ten minor league seasons .
Grant died in Des Moines , Iowa , at the age of 91 .
See also
1923 Philadelphia Phillies season
Sources
Retrosheet
Philadelphia Phillies players
Major League Baseball pitchers
Baseball players from Iowa
Des Moines Boosters players
Des Moines Demons players
Shreveport Sports players
Sioux City Packers players
Waterloo Hawks ( baseball ) players
1894 births
1985 deaths
is a train station in Kushima , Miyazaki Prefecture , Japan . It is operated by of JR Kyushu and is on the Nichinan Line .
Lines
The station is served by the Nichinan Line and is located 77.2 km from the starting point of the line at .
Layout
The station consists of two side platforms serving two tracks at grade . The station building is a simple concrete block structure which is unstaffed and serves only as a waiting room . Access to the opposite side platform is by means of a level crossing .
Adjacent stations
History
Japanese Government Railways ( JGR ) had opened the Shibushi Line from to Sueyoshi ( now closed ) in 1923 . By 1925 , the line had been extended eastwards to the east coast of Kyushu at . The line was then extended northwards in phases . The first major phase of expansion added 28.5 km of track and several stations , reaching Yowara , which opened as the new northern terminus on 15 April 1935 . Fukushima-Imamachi was one of the intermediate stations which opened on the same day . On 8 May 1963 , the route was designated the Nichinan Line . With the privatization of Japanese National Railways ( JNR ) , the successor of JGR , on 1 April 1987 , the station came under the control of JR Kyushu .
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2016 , the station was used by an average of 5 passengers ( boarding only ) per day .
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
Fukushima-Imamachi ( JR Kyushu )
Railway stations in Miyazaki Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1935
The Kalleshvara temple ( also spelt Kalleshwara or Kallesvara ) is located in the town of Ambali in Bellary district of Karnataka state , India . According to an Old Kannada inscription ( dated 1083 ) placed in the sabhamantapa ( lit , `` gathering hall '' ) , the temple was constructed during the reign of the Western Chalukya Empire King Vikramaditya VI ( also called Tribhuvana Malla ) . This temple is protected as a monument of national importance by the Archaeological Survey of India .
Temple plan
Art historian Adam Hardy categorizes the architectural style of the temple as `` 12th century , trans-Tungabhadra branch of the Lakkundi school , related to Kuruvatti ( Mallikarjuna temple ) with some non-mainstream affinities '' . The temple is a single shrine ( vimana ) construction with an adjoining hall ( mantapa ) . The basic building material is Soap stone . The original superstructure over the shrine is lost .
The temple which faces east comprises a sanctum ( garbhagriha ) , an antechamber ( or vestibule or antarala whose tower is called the sukhanasi ) that connects the sanctum to a gathering hall ( sabhamantapa ) which is preceded by a main hall ( mukhamantapa ) . The walls of the shrine and the sabhamantapa are articulated with projections and recesses creating niches which carry miniature decorative tower or turrets ( Aedicula ) in vesara style ( a fusion of south and north Indian styles ) . The doorjamb of the sanctum and antechamber are crafted with decorative motifs , and the lintel ( lalata ) depicts Gajalakshmi ( the Hindu goddess Lakshmi flanked by elephants on either side ) . The square bases of pillars in the sabhamantapa and mukhamantapa have the characteristic decoration with reliefs , depicting various Hindu deities such as Surya ( the sun god ) , Bhairava ( a version of the god Shiva ) and Durga .
See also
Kalleshwara Temple , Hire Hadagali
Kalleshvara Temple , Bagali
Notes
Gallery
References
Adam Hardy , Indian Temple Architecture : Form and Transformation : the Karṇāṭa Drāviḍa Tradition , 7th to 13th Centuries , Abhinav , 1995 , New Delhi , .
Hindu temples in Bellary district
11th-century Hindu temples
Syneresis cracks ( also known as subaqueous shrinkage cracks ) are a sedimentary structure developed by the shrinkage of sediment without desiccation – not to be confused with desiccation cracks . Syneresis is the expulsion of a liquid from a gel-like substance . Syneresis cracks are formed by the contraction of clay in response to changes in the salinity of a liquid surrounding a deposit . The cracks can occur , for example , in mudstones deposited between two beds of sandstone . The markings would have been formed subaqueously on the bedding surface and could resemble desiccation mudcracks , but are not continuous and vary in shape . They commonly occur in thin mudstones interbedded with sandstones , as positive relief on the bottom of the sandstone , or as negative relief on the top of the mudstone . Subaqueous shrinkage cracks can develop on and through a surface that has been continuously covered in water . Syneresis cracks in some shales and lime mudstones may initially be preserved as small cavities , which then usually fill with silt and sand from either the overlying or underlying beds and laminae .
Usually there is no pattern to the cracks , and they do not connect to form geometric shapes . Rather they are discontinuous and shaped in one of the following categories :
polygonal - a closed plane figure , having three or more , usually straight , sides .
sinuous - having many curves , bends , or turns .
spindle - thickest in the middle and tapering at both ends .
A cross-section of any of these would reveal that they are U- or V-shaped .
Desiccation v. syneresis
Some crack patterns resemble subaerial desiccation cracks ( mudcracks ) , which in turn has caused some confusion as to the differences between desiccation cracks and syneresis cracks .
Desiccation mudcracks are usually continuous , polygonal , and have U- or V- shaped cross-sections that would have been filled in with sediment from above . Syneresis cracks , however , are usually discontinuous , spindle or sinuous in shape , and have U- or V- shaped cross-sections that have been filled in with sediment from above or below .
Experimental work
Experimental investigation of subaqueously formed syneresis cracks has usually been carried out in one of two ways . One way to induce cracking was by sedimentation from a saline solution and a non-swelling clay . However , when freshwater was used , no cracking could be induced in non-swelling clays , although in mud containing as little as two percent swelling clay , cracking was easily induced when salinity changes were introduced to the surrounding water .
References
Sedimentary rocks
Sedimentary structures
Patterned grounds
From the Other Side of the Century : A New American Poetry , 1960–1990 is a poetry anthology published in 1994 . It was edited by American poet and publisher Douglas Messerli – under his own imprint Sun & Moon Press – and includes poets from both the U.S. and Canada .
It joined two other collections which appeared at that time : Paul Hoover 's Postmodern American Poetry ( Norton , 1994 ) and Eliot Weinberger 's American Poetry Since 1950 ( Marsilio , 1993 ) . All three perhaps seeking to be for that time what Donald Allen 's The New American Poetry ( Grove Press , 1960 ) was for the 1960s . Publishers Weekly noted that `` A strength of Messerli 's book : he offers space enough to each poet , so that readers can trace developing poetic concerns , beginning with the Objectivists – the anthology 's first poem is Charles Reznikoff 's 'Children , ' a Holocaust piece . ''
Messerli highlights 81 poets altogether and organizes the anthology by dividing the poets into four thematic `` gatherings '' :
( 1 ) cultural-mythic poets , including Louis Zukofsky , Charles Olson , Robert Duncan , and Allen Ginsberg
( 2 ) urban poets , including Barbara Guest , Frank O'Hara , John Ashbery , and Ted Berrigan
( 3 ) language poets , including Robert Creeley and Charles Bernstein
( 4 ) performance poets , including John Cage and Jerome Rothenberg
Poets included in From the Other Side of the Century anthology
Charles Reznikoff
Lorine Niedecker
Carl Rakosi
Louis Zukofsky
George Oppen
Charles Olson
Robert Duncan
Robin Blaser
Jack Spicer
Allen Ginsberg
Larry Eigner
Gilbert Sorrentino
John Wieners
Robert Kelly
Ronald Johnson
Rosmarie Waldrop
Kenneth Irby
Clarence Major
Susan Howe
Fanny Howe
bpNichol
Aaron Shurin
Dennis Phillips
Christopher Dewdney
Barbara Guest
James Schuyler
Frank O'Hara
John Ashbery
Joseph Ceravolo
Ted Berrigan
Charles North
Ron Padgett
Michael Brownstein
Lewis Warsh
Lorenzo Thomas
Marjorie Welish
John Godfrey
Alice Notley
Diane Ward
Robert Creeley
Hannah Weiner
David Bromige
Clark Coolidge
Lyn Hejinian
Robert Grenier
Ted Greenwald
Nick Piombino
Ray DiPalma
Michael Palmer
Michael Davidson
Bernadette Mayer
James Sherry
Ron Silliman
Rae Armantrout
Bob Perelman
Barrett Watten
Kit Robinson
Charles Bernstein
Alan Davies
Jean Day
John Cage
Jackson Mac Low
Kenward Elmslie
Jerome Rothenberg
David Antin
Amiri Baraka/Leroi Jones
Joan Retallack
John Taggart
Nicole Brossard
Mac Wellman
Douglas Messerli
Peter Inman
Steve McCaffery
Nathaniel Mackey
Leslie Scalapino
Bruce Andrews
Steve Benson
Abigail Child
Tina Darragh
Fiona Templeton
Carla Harryman
See also
1994 in poetry
1994 in literature
American poetry
Canadian poetry
List of poetry anthologies
References
External links
Whose New American Poetry ? : Anthologizing in the Nineties article by Marjorie Perloff
1994 poetry books
1994 anthologies
American poetry anthologies
20th-century American literature
Giovanni Francesco Nicolai , O.F.M . ( died 1737 ) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Vicar Apostolic of Houkouang ( 1696–1737 ) , Titular Archbishop of Myra ( 1712–1737 ) , and Titular Bishop of Berytus ( 1696–1712 ) .
Biography
Giovanni Francesco Nicolai was born in Leonessa , Italy and ordained a priest in the Order of Friars Minor .
When the Apostolic Vicariate of Nanking was elevated to a diocese , he was chosen by newly named Bishop Gregory Luo Wenzao as his assistant and successor ( on May 29 , 1688 , the Holy See had granted Wenzao the right to choose and nominate his successor ) . Upon Wenzao 's death on February 27 , 1691 , he served as administrator of the diocese .
On 20 October 1696 , he was appointed during the papacy of Pope Innocent XII as the first Vicar Apostolic of Houkouang ( the Apostolic Vicariate of Houkouang had been carved out of the Apostolic Vicariate of Fujian in the same year ) and Titular Bishop of Berytus .
On 7 March 1700 , he was consecrated bishop in Rome by Sperello Sperelli , Cardinal-Priest of San Giovanni a Porta Latina , with Odoardo Cibo , Titular Patriarch of Constantinople , and Domenico Belisario de Bellis , Bishop of Molfetta , serving as co-consecrators .
On 20 April 1712 , he was promoted during the papacy of Pope Clement XI as Titular Archbishop of Myra .
He served as Vicar Apostolic of Houkouang until his death on 27 December 1737 .
Episcopal succession
References
External links and other references
( for Chronology of Bishops )
( for Chronology of Bishops )
17th-century Roman Catholic bishops in China
18th-century Roman Catholic bishops in China
Bishops appointed by Pope Innocent XII
Bishops appointed by Pope Clement XI
1737 deaths
Franciscan bishops
Cabinet Kraft was the name of the government of the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia from July 2010 until June 2012 .
Its leader was Hannelore Kraft , elected and sworn in as Minister-President by the Landtag of North Rhine-Westphalia on 14 July 2010 . The following day she appointed and swore in her cabinet .
The government was a coalition government of the center-left Social Democratic Party of Germany and the Green party , who formed a minority government that was short of one seat from the absolute majority in the state parliament , the Landtag . The government failed to get its budget approved by the Parliament in 2012 , so the Parliament was dissolved . The subsequent election was won by the two governing parties who went on to form Cabinet Kraft II .
The following table shows cabinet members , who held the office of ministers of their respective portfolio except when denoted otherwise . Note that only the Ministers are members of the Cabinet . The Head of the Minister-President 's Office , as a Secretary of State , is not an official member of cabinet , but is invited as non-voting attendee .
Kraft I
2010 establishments in Germany
2012 disestablishments in Germany
Loutro ( ) ( Greek : `` Bath '' ) lies on the south coast of Chania regional unit in west Crete , between Chora Sfakion and Agia Roumeli , the exit to the Samaria Gorge . The whole area is known as Sfakia . The village got its name from the Greek word for `` bath , '' for the many ancient baths found in the area .
History
Loutro is the site of the ancient city of Phoenix ( Finikas ) , which was the port town of ancient Anopolis , and an important harbour in Hellenistic and Roman times . It later became the wintertime port of the town of Sfakia because of its natural protection during harsh weather . Today nothing remains of ancient Phoenix except the name preserved by the small village in the bay west of Loutro .
Later the Saracen pirates used Loutro as a lair from which to attack the ships sailing south of Crete . The Venetians managed to drive out the Saracens and fortified Loutro with a small fortress whose ruins are still visible today . Another fortress preserved in better condition in Loutro is evidence of the Turkish presence here .
Access
Loutro is accessible only by foot or by sea . Ferries run daily connecting Loutro to nearby towns and the exit-point of the Samaria Gorge .
Economy
Much of Loutro 's economy is based on tourism and fishing .
See also
Sfakia
References
External links
Loutro in Crete
Populated places in Chania ( regional unit )
, translated and also known as Battlefield of The Space Saucers and The Great Battle of the Flying Saucers , is a 1975 Japanese animated short film created by Go Nagai and produced by Toei Doga . It is also known as Space Disk War and was also released in Italy under the name UFO Robot Gattaiger-La grande battaglia dei dischi spaziali . It was originally shown along with the short film Great Mazinger tai Getter Robot G : Kuchu Daigekitotsu , also from Toei and Nagai . The film is considered the prototype for the future anime television series UFO Robot Grendizer , which premiered the same year .
Yaban Forces
The Yaban forces originate from a planet of the same name and primarily consist of green compact saucers that fire orange lasers , bladed discs , chains , and can morph into wingless dragons or tanks , blue saucers that fire missiles , and the main command ship called the Quinn Byrne . After the destruction of planet Fleed , one of the last survivors , Duke Fleed , stole an experimental giant robot named Gattaiger and fled to Earth where the Yaban attacked every major city . The Yaban forces eventually confront Duke Fleed and the Gattaiger near the end of the movie . Gattaiger 's powers include faster than light flight , Spider Spin ( a buzzsaw mode used by the Flying Tiger ) , Needle Shower ( needle missiles from the Flying Tiger ) , Space Thunder ( three lasers from each side of the Flying Tiger ) , and Thunder Focus ( combining all six beams into one ) . After the death of Duke 's fiancé , Telonna , he leaves Earth with the Gattaiger .
Staff
Original plan/Original work : Go Nagai , Dynamic Production
Original plan : Sacre Burn ( pen name of the producers group )
Director : Yugo Serikawa
Scenario : Shozo Uehara
Planning : Ken Ariga , Mineo Souda
Producer : Chiaki Imada
Animation director : Akira Sakano
Assistant director : Yoichi Kominato
Art director : Fumihiro Uchikawa
Music : Shunsuke Kikuchi
Theme songs lyrics : Kogo Hotomi
Theme songs performance : Isao Sasaki
Theme Song : `` Tatakae ! Uchu no Oja ''
Vice theme song : `` Moeru Ai no Hoshi ''
Cast : Isao Sasaki ( Duke Freed/Daisuke Umon ) , Noriko Ohara ( Telonna ) , Minori Matsushima ( Hikaru Makiba ) , Mari Shimizu ( Goro Makiba ) , Kenji Utsumi ( Blackey ) , Yasuo Hisamatsu ( Genzo Umon )
See also
UFO Robot Grendizer
External links
Space Disk War at Toei 's corporate website
Uchu Enban Daisenso at allcinema
Uchu Enban Daisenso at Animemorial
1975 anime films
1975 manga
Go Nagai
Anime short films
1970s animated short films
Kodansha manga
Akita Shoten manga
Toei Animation films
Films directed by Yûgo Serikawa
Bujakh ( ) may refer to :
Bujakh , West Azerbaijan
Ruseștii Noi is a commune in Ialoveni District , Moldova . It is composed of two villages , Ruseștii Noi and Ruseștii Vechi .
References
Communes of Ialoveni District
Johnstone `` Jock '' Richardson ( 2 April 1899 – 28 October 1994 ) was a New Zealand rugby union player . A loose forward , Richardson represented Otago and Southland at a provincial level , and was a member of the New Zealand national side , the All Blacks , from 1921 to 1925 . He played 42 matches for the All Blacks , 16 of them as captain , including seven internationals .
Following the death of Wiremu Heke in 1989 , Richardson was the oldest living All Black .
References
1899 births
1994 deaths
Rugby union players from Dunedin
New Zealand international rugby union players
Otago rugby union players
Southland rugby union players
Rugby union flankers
The following is a list of pilots and other aircrew who flew during the Battle of Britain , and were awarded the Battle of Britain Clasp to the 1939–45 Star by flying at least one authorised operational sortie with an eligible unit of the Royal Air Force or Fleet Air Arm during the period from 0001 hours on 10 July to 2359 hours 31 October 1940 .
History
In 1942 , the Air Ministry made the decision to compile a list from records of the names of pilots who had lost their lives as a result of the fighting during the Battle of Britain for the purpose of building a national memorial . This became the Battle of Britain Chapel at Westminster Abbey , which was unveiled by King George VI on 10 July 1947 . The Roll of Honour within the Chapel contains the names of 1,497 pilots and aircrew killed or mortally wounded during the Battle .
Nothing was done officially , however , to define the qualifications for the classification of a Battle of Britain airman until 9 November 1960 . AMO N850 , published by the Air Ministry , stated for the first time the requirements for the awarding of the Battle of Britain Star , and listed the 71 units which were deemed to have been under the control of RAF Fighter Command .
In 1955 Flt Lt John Holloway , a serving RAF officer , began a personal challenge to compile a complete list of `` The Few '' . After fourteen years of research Flt Lt Holloway had 2,946 names on the list . Of these airmen , 537 were killed during the Battle or later died of wounds received .
The Battle of Britain Memorial Trust , founded by Geoffrey Page , raised funds for the construction of the Battle of Britain Memorial at Capel-le-Ferne near Folkestone in Kent . The Memorial , unveiled by Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother on 9 July 1993 , shares the site with the Christopher Foxley-Norris Memorial Wall on which a complete list of `` The Few '' is engraved .
More recently , the Battle of Britain Monument on the Victoria Embankment in London was unveiled on 18 September 2005 by Charles , Prince of Wales and his wife Camilla , Duchess of Cornwall . The idea for the monument was conceived by the Battle of Britain Historical Society which then set about raising funds for its construction . The outside of the monument is lined with bronze plaques listing all the Allied airmen who took part in the Battle .
V
W
Y
Z
Notes on table
Ranks given are those held during the Battle of Britain , although a higher rank may have been achieved after the Battle .
All individuals listed in bold and highlighted in silver are believed to be still alive .
Aircrew listed as KIA , MIA , WIA or KIFA during the Battle of Britain are highlighted in blue .
The awards listed include those made during the Battle of Britain and during the remainder of World War II , as well as any made post-war .
In order to limit the numbers of footnotes which would otherwise be required , the symbol ‡ under `` Notes '' indicates several entries in the text of Ramsay 1989 , while the symbol † indicates that information on the circumstances under which an airman became a casualty during the Battle is included in the text of the book . Where more than one crew member of a multi place aircraft was involved this is included as a cross-reference under `` Notes ''
In addition to 2,353 British aircrew , the RAF Roll of Honour recognises 574 personnel from other countries ; namely :
Australia , Barbados , Belgium , Canada , Czechoslovakia , France , Ireland , Jamaica , Newfoundland , New Zealand , Poland , Rhodesia , South Africa and the United States .
Abbreviations
( CO ) after `` Sqn '' denotes Commanding Officer of that squadron , as per the RAF Fighter Command Order of Battle on 15 September 1940 , unless otherwise indicated .
( FAA ) after a rank denotes a member of the Fleet Air Arm rather than the RAF .
`` KIA '' - `` killed in action ''
`` KIFA '' - `` killed in flying accident '' , i.e . not during combat
`` MIA '' - `` missing in action '' .
`` WIA '' - `` wounded in action '' leading to death which , in some cases , may have occurred months later .
`` POW '' - `` prisoner of war '' .
For details of RAF rank abbreviations , see RAF Commissioned Officer Ranks and RAF Non-Commissioned Officer Ranks .
For details of FAA rank abbreviations , see FAA Commissioned Officer Ranks .
Nationalities
Awards
See also
Non-British personnel in the RAF during the Battle of Britain
List of World War II aces from the United Kingdom
List of World War II flying aces by country
List of World War II flying aces
List of RAF aircrew in the Battle of Britain ( A–C )
List of RAF aircrew in the Battle of Britain ( D–F )
List of RAF aircrew in the Battle of Britain ( G–K )
List of RAF aircrew in the Battle of Britain ( L–N )
List of RAF aircrew in the Battle of Britain ( O–R )
List of RAF aircrew in the Battle of Britain ( S–U )
Notes
Notes
Citations
Bibliography
Ramsay , Winston , ed . The Battle of Britain Then and Now Mk V. London : Battle of Britain Prints International Ltd , 1989. .
Ringlstetter , Herbert ( 2005 ) . Helmut Wick , An Illustrated Biography of the Luftwaffe Ace And Commander of Jagdgeschwader 2 During The Battle of Britain . Atglen , PA : Schiffer Publishing . .
Remembering the Battle of Britain
Robert Dixon , '607 Squadrons : A Shade of Blue ' . The History Press 2008 .
Robert Dixon , ' A Gathering of Eagles ' PublishBritannica 2004 ,
RAF aircrew
The Cane Pace is a harness horse race for standardbred pacers run annually since 1955 . The race was first run as the William H. Cane Futurity in 1955 at Yonkers Raceway in New York . In 1956 the race joined with the Little Brown Jug and the Messenger Stakes to become the first leg in the Triple Crown of Harness Racing for Pacers .
The Cane Pace of 2004 resulted in the only dead heat in the race 's history and one where the two horses had the same trainer and owner .
As of 2015 , the Cane Pace is run at the Meadowlands Racetrack in New Jersey as part of the undercard for the Hambletonian Stakes , the first leg of the Triple Crown of Harness Racing for Trotters .
Distances
2016–present : 1 1/8 miles ( 1810.5 metres , 9.5 furlongs ) ( If 12 horses start )
1963–present : 1 mile ( 1609.3 metres , 8 furlongs ) ( If no more than 11 horses start )
1955–1962 : 1 1/16 miles ( 1709.9 metres , 8.5 furlongs )
Locations
1955–1997 - Yonkers Raceway
1998–2010 - Freehold Raceway
2011 - Pocono Downs ( Originally scheduled for Tioga Downs but had to be moved due to flooding )
2012–2014 - Tioga Downs
2015–present - Meadowlands Racetrack
Records
Most wins by a driver
5 – John Campbell ( 1985 , 1989 , 1990 , 2002 , 2004 )
Most wins by a trainer
4 – Stanley Dancer ( 1970 , 1971 , 1973 , 1976 )
Stakes record
1:47 3/5 – Dealt A Winner ( 2015 )
Cane Pace winners
References
Yonkers Raceway
Meadowlands Racetrack
Harness races in the United States
Harness races for three-year-old pacers
Recurring sporting events established in 1955
Cane Pace winners
United States Triple Crown of Harness Racing
1955 establishments in New York ( state )
Nkyidwo Festival is an annual festival celebrated by the chiefs and peoples of Essumeja in the Bekwai District in the Ashanti Region of Ghana . It is usually celebrated in the last Monday in November or the first Monday in December .
Celebrations
There are performances of durbar by the traditional leaders and rituals at a place in the Asantemanso forest which was claimed to be the origin of the ancestral Asantes . The people invoke the gods for blessings , prosperity and protection .
Significance
It is celebrated to mark the appearance of the first seven Asante ancestors who were claimed to have come from a huge hole in the ground , marking the Ashanti origin . It was also claimed it happened on a Monday night and they were followed by a dog and a lion .
References
Festivals in Ghana
Palouse Mall ( originally Palouse Empire Mall ) is an enclosed shopping mall in the western United States , located in Moscow , Idaho . Opened in 1976 , the mall is anchored by Bed Bath & Beyond , Michael 's , Old Navy , Rite Aid , Ross Stores , Target , and WinCo Foods .
The site is on the western edge of the city , near the state border with Washington . It is fronted by Pullman Road , State Highway 8 , which becomes State Route 270 in Washington and connects to Pullman , the other chief city on the Palouse , west .
History
Grading of the property began in October 1974 ; the first stores to open at the site were , from the east end , Kmart , Rosauers , and Pay 'n Save ( now Rite Aid ) drugstore , all in 1976 . The mall had been in development and the land on which it was built was leased from the University of Idaho . The land was previously owned and farmed by the Mix family for several generations . Developer Earl D. McCarthy died and the ownership of the mall went to his children , Madeline Edgren and Mike McCarthy . The main enclosed portion of the mall opened that featuring J. C. Penney and The Bon Marché ( now Macy 's ) department stores . and Lamonts opened the following August .
Throughout the 1990s and into the early 2000s , the mall underwent several changes in anchor stores . Rosauers became Excell Foods
but was gone by 1992 , then Price Connection , which closed in 1995 . After closing in 1995 , the Kmart space was expanded by on its east end and converted to Waremart , now known as WinCo Foods . A year later , the mall structure itself underwent a renovation , held a grand re-opening in November 1997 , and dropped the `` Empire '' from its name . The J. C. Penney store closed in 1998 and became Troutman 's Emporium the same year .
An outparcel at the west end originally occupied by Ernst Home Centers became Office Depot and Hastings Entertainment in 1999 . Gottschalks purchased the Lamonts chain in 2000 . Emporium went out of business in 2003 and its space became Ross Stores two years later . Gottschalks closed in January 2007 and was torn down for Bed Bath & Beyond and Old Navy ; Macy 's closed in April 2016 . In 2016 , the Office Depot space became Staples while Hastings Entertainment went out of business . In 2017 , the Hastings Entertainment space became Marshalls .
In September 2020 , Target announced plans to open a store in the space vacated by Macy 's . The store opened in October 2021 .
References
External links
Shopping malls in Idaho
Shopping malls established in 1976
1976 establishments in Idaho
Buildings and structures in Moscow , Idaho
Tourist attractions in Latah County , Idaho
The Cherokee National Capitol , now the Cherokee Nation Courthouse , is a historic tribal government building in Tahlequah , Oklahoma . Completed in 1869 , it served as the capitol building of the Cherokee Nation from 1869 to 1907 , when Oklahoma became a state . It now serves as the site of the tribal supreme court and judicial branch . It was designated a National Historic Landmark in 1961 for its role in the Nation 's history .
History
The Cherokee Nation first established a republican form of government in 1820 , while still occupying their ancestral lands in the southeastern United States . The tribe was one of several forcibly relocated to what is now Oklahoma during the Trail of Tears of the 1830s . The Nation reestablished its government quickly , in 1838 , following the removal , with Tahlequah as its capital . In addition to establishing its courts and council , the Nation built seminaries for both male and female students , as education was highly valued .
Early government meetings of the Nation were held out in the open , with later meetings in log structures . A courthouse was built in the 1840s , but most of the city 's public buildings were destroyed during the American Civil War . This building was constructed from 1867-1869 , after peace had been restored to the region . The building 's style , a late interpretation of the Italianate , is unusual for Oklahoma . The architect was C. W. Goodlander . Originally it housed the nation 's court as well as other offices , and was used for tribal council meetings . It served the tribal government until 1907 , when the state of Oklahoma was established and the tribal government was abolished by an act of the United States Congress .
The capitol was designated a National Historic Landmark in 1961 . The building currently houses the judicial branch of the Cherokee Nation government . In 2013 , the nation began a restoration project to preserve the building 's original appearance , including roof repairs with historical-era shingles , new decking , new doors and windows , and adding a cupola to the roof . The project also includes adding a new back porch .
Description
The Cherokee Nation Courthouse stands in the center of Courthouse Square , bounded by East Delaware Street , South Water Avenue , East Keetoowah Street , and South Muskogee Avenue . It is a two-story masonry building with neoclassical Italianate style , built out of red brick and white-painted wooden trim . It is five bays wide and seven deep , with slightly projecting sections consisting of the center three bays on each side . Each of these is topped by a pedimented gable with a dentillated cornice . The wall bays are articulated by piers , and have segmented-arch windows on the ground floor and rounded-arch windows on the second . There are entrances on the east and west ends , the main entrance on the west side sheltered by a 20th-century brick vestibule .
See also
List of National Historic Landmarks in Oklahoma
National Register of Historic Places listings in Cherokee County , Oklahoma
References
External links
Cherokee Tribal Court web site
Cherokee National Capitol Building , 101-29 South Muskogee Avenue , Tahlequah , Cherokee , OK at the Historic American Buildings Survey ( HABS )
National Historic Landmarks in Oklahoma
Buildings and structures in Tahlequah , Oklahoma
Legislative buildings
Cherokee Nation ( 1794–1907 )
Native American history of Oklahoma
Neoclassical architecture in Oklahoma
Government buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Oklahoma
Historic American Buildings Survey in Oklahoma
National Register of Historic Places in Cherokee County , Oklahoma
Government buildings completed in 1869
1869 establishments in Indian Territory
The Auburn News and Granville Electorate Gazetteer was an English-language local newspaper published from 1903 to 1907 in Auburn , Sydney , Australia , circulating in Auburn , Rookwood , Silverwater , Newington , Clyde , Granville , Bankstown , Parramatta , in Sydney , as well as other metropolitan , interstate and overseas locations . The masthead proclaimed that the paper had `` No sect , creed or party but for the good of all . '' The paper primarily reported on social , community , sporting and local government activities in the Granville Electorate , including the towns of Auburn , Rookwood , Granville and Bankstown , and included local business and classified advertising .
History
The Auburn News and Granville Electorate Gazetteer was first published on Saturday , 23 May 1903 , as an eight-page quarto newspaper , published weekly on Saturdays by Bancroft & Co. , at their printing works in Auburn Road , Auburn . The paper was available at a cost of 1 penny .
From issue 18 , published on Saturday 19 September 1903 , The Auburn News and Granville Electorate Gazetteer was reduced to a four-page 16 column tabloid formats and the volume number changed from I to II .
In March 1904 , Bancroft & Co. moved their office , printing works and store to a larger premise , located next to Lang and Dawes real estate office in Auburn Road . Bancroft also advised readers of his intention to increase the number of columns in the newspaper from 16 to 32 , covering extra costs with increased subscriptions and advertising . The newspaper increased to an eight-page publication from issue Vol . III , No . 57 , dated Saturday , 18 June 1804 .
Bancroft & Co. secured a lease of the `` Town Hall Buildings '' in Auburn Road , Auburn , from the Auburn Borough Council . The company relocated there on Sunday 21 August 1904 , with the first issue of The Auburn News and Granville Electorate Gazetteer printed at the new premises being Vol . III , No . 67 , dated Saturday , 27 August 1904 .
From issue Vol . IV , No . 112 , dated Saturday , 8 July 1905 , The Auburn News and Granville Electorate Gazetteer was reduced to six pages ; and further reduced to a four-page publication from issue Vol . IV , No . 117 , dated Saturday , 12 August 1905 .
The Auburn News and Granville Electorate Gazetteer ceased publication around January 1907 , with the proprietor Mr J. H. Bancroft , writing to Auburn Municipal Council asking to be `` exonerated from further liability as a tenant of the council . '' Alderman Charles Dyer , Mayor of Auburn , reported at the council meeting of 14 January 1907 , that `` he had been told one morning that the whole of the ‘ Auburn News ' had disappeared in a cart , '' and that he had taken possession of the premises and the remaining fittings .
Availability
Hardcopy of The Auburn News and Granville Electorate Gazetteer , from issues Vol . II , No . 18 , dated Saturday , 19 September 1903 , through to Vol . IV , No . 134 , Saturday , 30 December 1905 , is held by the State Library of New South Wales in onsite storage at the State Reference Library .
Gosford Micrographics Pty Ltd filmed the surviving issues of The Auburn News and Granville Electorate Gazetteer , onto a single reel of microfilm in April 2000 . This microfilm can be viewed at the State Library of New South Wales , and the library services of Cumberland Council and the City of Parramatta Council .
All surviving issues of The Auburn News and Granville Electorate Gazetteer are available online via the National Library of Australia Trove digitised newspaper website .
See also
List of newspapers in Australia
List of defunct newspapers of Australia
List of newspapers in New South Wales
References
External links
Defunct newspapers published in Sydney
J. Kevin Dorsey is an American academic administrator and physician serving as interim president of the Southern Illinois University . Dorsey was previously the Dean , Provost and Professor of Internal Medicine of the Southern Illinois University School of Medicine .
Education
Dorsey earned his bachelor 's degree at Fairfield University in 1964 , and his doctoral degree in physiological chemistry at University of Wisconsin–Madison in 1968 . He was a postdoctoral fellow in biology at The Johns Hopkins University from 1970 to 1973 . After earning his medical degree at Southern Illinois University in 1978 , he completed his internal medicine residency and a two-year fellowship in rheumatology at the University of Iowa in Iowa City in 1981 and 1983 .
Career
Dorsey joined the Southern Illinois University at Carbondale faculty as assistant professor of chemistry and biochemistry in 1973 and then returned to earn his medical degree at Southern Illinois University in 1978 . After additional training , he rejoined the faculty in 1983 when he was named an assistant professor and coordinated clinical teaching activities for first-year medical students . In 1998 , Dorsey was named as associate provost for the southern region in Carbondale . For 15 years , he also was a rheumatologist with The Carbondale Clinic . The board of trustees at Southern Illinois University appointed Dorsey dean and provost of the School of Medicine on August 16 , 2002 . He was appointed interim president of the Southern Illinois University system on July 16 , 2018 .
Awards
In 1993 , Dorsey was the first Southern Illinois University School of Medicine graduate to be named a Distinguished Alumnus . Dorsey was awarded a John Templeton Spirituality in Medicine Curricular Award in 2000 .
References
External links
SIU School of Medicine Faculty Bio : J. Kevin Dorsey
University of Iowa College of Medicine Alumni Society Interview
Living people
Fairfield University alumni
University of Wisconsin–Madison alumni
Johns Hopkins University alumni
University of Iowa alumni
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Medical educators
Southern Illinois University faculty
The Ministry of Gender Equality , Child Development and Family Welfare is a cabinet-level division of the Government of Mauritius . , the Minister of Gender Equality and Family Welfare is Kalpana Devi Koonjoo-Shah .
Name
The department has been known under several different names , including :
Ministry of Gender Equality and Family Welfare
Ministry of Women 's Rights , Child Development and Family Welfare
Ministers
In 1991 , Sheilabai Bappoo began serving as Minister for Women 's Rights , Child Development and Family Welfare . She left the ministry in 1995 .
From September 2000 until July 2005 , Marie Arianne Navarre-Marie served as Minister of Women 's Rights , Child Development & Family Welfare .
The position was held by Bappoo as the Minister of Gender Equality , Child Development and Family Welfare from May 2010 until August 2011 , when she was succeeded by Maria Francesca Mireille Martin until December 2014 . Marie Aurore Marie-Joyce Perraud then served as minister until December 2016 .
The position was held by Fazila Jeewa-Daureeawoo from January 2017 until November that same year . She was succeeded by lawyer Roubina Jadoo-Jaunbocus , however , she was removed from the position in July 2018 after an inquiry accused her of meeting with jailed drug traffickers who were not her clients . Jeewa-Daureeawoo took up the position again , and remained Minister until November 2019 .
In November 2019 , Kalpana Devi Koonjoo-Shah was appointed Minister of Gender Equality and Family Welfare .
List of ministers
References
Gender equality ministries
Children , young people and families ministries
Government ministries of Mauritius
Ashdown Park is a biological Site of Special Scientific Interest ( SSSI ) south of Ashbury in Oxfordshire . The SSSI is part of the park of Ashdown House .
The park has been designated an SSSI because of the lichens on its many sarsen boulders . These are in parkland which is heavily grazed to ensure that the lichens , which have taken centuries to grow , do not become shaded . Noteworthy species include Aspicilia caesiocinerea , Buellia saxorum , Candelariella coralliza , Rinodina atrocinerea and Parmelia loxodes .
The park is owned by the National Trust and is open to the public .
References
Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Oxfordshire
Yolanda , the Black Corsair 's Daughter is a 1905 adventure novel written by Italian novelist Emilio Salgari . It is the third installment of The Black Corsair series , preceded by The Queen of the Caribbean and followed by Son of the Red Corsair .
Plot summary
Henry Morgan has taken the place of his mentor , the Black Corsair , as the foremost privateer in the Caribbean . He discovers that Yolanda , the daughter of the now deceased Black Corsair , has been imprisoned in Maracaibo by her half-uncle , the Count of Medina and Torres , an illegitimate son of Wan Guld who wants to appropriate his father 's estate , which had never been returned to Honorata , the Black Corsair 's wife . Morgan decides to rescue her out of gratitude towards her father , and eventually the two fall in love . After defeating the Count , the two get married as he 's appointed Governor of Jamaica .
Film adaptation
The novel was first adapted in 1920 by Vitale de Stefano as Jolanda , la figlia del corsaro nero . A second adaption was made in 1952 as Jolanda , the Daughter of the Black Corsair , directed by Mario Soldati . An animated cartoon series was also broadcast in 1999 .
See also
Novels in the Sandokan series :
The Mystery of the Black Jungle
The Tigers of Mompracem
The Pirates of Malaysia
The Two Tigers
The King of the Sea
Quest for a Throne
Novels in The Black Corsair series :
The Black Corsair
The Queen of the Caribbean
Yolanda , the Black Corsair 's Daughter
Son of the Red Corsair
The Captain Tempesta novels :
Captain Tempesta
The Lion of Damascus
1905 novels
Clarissa Selwynne ( 26 February 1886 – 13 June 1948 ) was a British stage and film actress . She settled in the United States , working in Hollywood where she appeared in around 100 films .
Partial filmography
Hearts in Exile ( 1915 )
The Master Hand ( 1915 )
The Masked Rider ( 1916 )
The Curse of Eve ( 1917 )
The Double Standard ( 1917 )
Princess Virtue ( 1917 )
Smashing Through ( 1918 )
The White Man 's Law ( 1918 )
The Talk of the Town ( 1918 )
The Black Gate ( 1919 )
Girls ( 1919 )
The Parisian Tigress ( 1919 )
The Scarlet Shadow ( 1919 )
Out of the Storm ( 1920 )
The Cup of Fury ( 1920 )
Society Secrets ( 1921 )
Queenie ( 1921 )
Straight from Paris ( 1921 )
The Lure of Jade ( 1921 )
Up and at 'Em ( 1922 )
You Ca n't Get Away with It ( 1923 )
The Brass Bottle ( 1923 )
Black Oxen ( 1923 )
Why Women Remarry ( 1923 )
One Glorious Night ( 1924 )
Secrets ( 1924 )
Beau Brummel ( 1924 )
Mademoiselle Midnight ( 1924 )
The Last Man on Earth ( 1924 )
We Moderns ( 1925 )
Broadway Lady ( 1925 )
Infatuation ( 1925 )
The Fate of a Flirt ( 1925 )
The Devil Dancer ( 1927 )
Quarantined Rivals ( 1927 )
Jazz Mad ( 1928 )
The Heart of a Follies Girl ( 1928 )
Sinner 's Parade ( 1928 )
My Man ( 1928 )
Confessions of a Wife ( 1928 )
Hard to Get ( 1929 )
The Isle of Lost Ships ( 1929 )
The Love Trap ( 1929 )
Lilies of the Field ( 1930 )
Slightly Married ( 1932 )
My Pal , the King ( 1932 )
Cynara ( 1932 )
Jane Eyre ( 1934 )
Melody of My Heart ( 1936 )
Everything Is Rhythm ( 1936 )
One Good Turn ( 1936 )
Sporting Love ( 1936 )
Everything in Life ( 1936 )
Call It a Day ( 1937 )
Women of Glamour ( 1937 )
References
Bibliography
Lynn Kear and James King . Evelyn Brent : The Life and Films of Hollywood 's Lady Crook . McFarland , 2009 .
External links
Clarissa Selwynne ( Kinotv )
1886 births
1948 deaths
British film actresses
British stage actresses
British emigrants to the United States
Actresses from London
The 1975 Australian Drivers ' Championship was a CAMS sanctioned Australian motor racing title open to Australian Formula 1 cars and Australian Formula 2 cars . The championship winner was awarded the 1975 CAMS `` Gold Star '' . The title , which was the nineteenth Australian Drivers ' Championship , was won by John McCormack driving an Elfin MR6 Repco-Holden .
Calendar
The championship was contested over a five-round series .
Points system
Championship points were awarded on a 9 , 6 , 4 , 3 , 2 , 1 basis to the first six placegetters at each round . Only holders of a current and valid full General Competition License issued by CAMS were eligible .
Championship results
Note : New Zealander Graeme Lawrence placed fourth in the Surfers Paradise round but was not eligible to score championship points .
Championship name
Contemporary publications used various names for the championship including Australian Formula 1 Championship , Australian Drivers ' Championship and Australian National Formula One Championship . CAMS uses the term Australian Drivers ' Championship in its historical documentation and this term has been used in this article .
References
Further reading
Jim Shepherd , A History Of Australian Motor Sport , 1980
The official 50-year history of the Australian Grand Prix , 1986
Australian Drivers ' Championship
Drivers ' Championship
Australian Formula 1
Formula 5000
The Rosedale Gang is the name used to refer to the group of individuals that advise Liberal Party of Canada leader Michael Ignatieff . The term pokes fun at the fact that many from this group were either born or have worked in Toronto prior to joining Ignatieff 's Ottawa team . Rosedale is a wealthy , old money neighbourhood in Toronto .
The term 'Rosedale Gang ' first appeared in a Toronto Star story which credited the term to an anonymous source within the Liberal party . This group has also been referred to as the 'Bloc Torontois ' .
Senior members
Ian Davey - former Chief of Staff to Leader of the Opposition Michael Ignatieff and son of Senator Keith Davey . Credited as one of the Liberals who ventured to Harvard and convinced Ignatieff to return to Canada . Prior to his political work , Davey has worked as an independent television producer in Toronto .
Dan Brock - Principal Secretary to the Opposition Leader , prior to joining Ignatieff 's office , Brock worked as a lawyer in a large Toronto firm .
Alfred Apps - President of the Liberal Party of Canada and the only member of the group who lives in Rosedale , described by Globe and Mail political affairs columnist Jane Taber as , `` a well-connected Bay Street lawyer and one of the Liberals responsible for plucking Michael Ignatieff from Harvard and bringing him back to Canada . ''
Jill Fairbrother - Communications Advisor to the Opposition Leader , has been with Ignatieff since his leadership and has frequently been quoted in the media as his spokesperson .
Rocco Rossi - National Director of the Liberal Party , Rossi is the former CEO of the Heart and Stroke Foundation and has been recruited by Ignatieff to turn around the Liberals ' fundraising efforts . Resigned in December 2009 to run for Mayor of Toronto .
Controversy
On September 28 , 2009 , Denis Coderre , the Liberal Member of Parliament for Bourassa , announced that he was resigning from his post as the Liberals ' Quebec Lieutenant . His resignation arose from a dispute between Ignatieff 's Toronto advisors and Coderre over the selection of former Cabinet Minister Martin Cauchon as a Liberal Candidate in an upcoming election .
References
Liberal Party of Canada
Antonio Maria Pacchioni ( baptised 5 July 1654 - 15 July 1738 ) of Modena was a Baroque composer , known for his polyphonic church music . He studied violin technique with Giovanni Maria Bononcini and musical composition with Padre A. Bendinelli . He received holy orders in 1677 , which enabled him to become maestro di cappella of the Duomo of Modena in 1694 . His oratorios were among the first to be heard publicly in Modena ( 1677 , 1678 ) ; of surviving compositions , two were on sacred subjects while a third ( 1682 ) concerned the quasi-legendary countess Matilda of Tuscany . His four-voice a cappella motets In monte Oliveti and Velum templi have been recorded .
Pacchioni also served as vice-maestro and then maestro di cappella at the ducal court of Rinaldo d'Este ( 1655–1737 ) .
Among his pupils was the violinist-composer Tomaso Antonio Vitali .
Notes
Italian Baroque composers
Italian male classical composers
1654 births
1738 deaths
17th-century Italian composers
Musicians from Modena
18th-century Italian composers
18th-century Italian male musicians
17th-century male musicians
The FreeSpace 2 Source Code Project is the project of a group of programmers maintaining and enhancing the game engine for the space combat simulator FreeSpace 2 , developed by Volition . The source code was released in 2002 , and is used by several projects . Most prominent among these are games based on the Babylon 5 and 2004 Battlestar Galactica universes .
History
Volition , the company responsible for developing the game FreeSpace 2 was bought by THQ in 2000 . With Interplay Entertainment holding the licenses for the FreeSpace series , Volition could not continue to develop the series . Without any viable use for the source code , Volition 's Dave Baranec released the source code for FreeSpace 2s game engine on 25 April 2002 . This allowed modders the possibility of modifying the game engine almost without limitations . However , because the source code is under a noncommercial license , it does not qualify as free and open source software .
To prevent a plethora of different versions of the game from appearing , a single `` umbrella '' project ( with the unified goal of enhancing the game ) under the name FreeSpace 2 Source Code Project was formed . Initially led by Edward `` Inquisitor '' Gardner , the team is currently led by Tyler `` DahBlount '' Blount . Previous leaders also include Ian `` Goober5000 '' Warfield , Taylor Richards , Cliff `` Chief1983 '' Gordon and Fabian `` The E '' Woltermann .
In addition , content update packs have been developed which take advantage of the upgraded game engine . These packs include higher-poly models and higher resolution textures . The end result of this project is to create a graphically superior ( and far more flexible ) game engine , while still retaining all of the gameplay elements that made FreeSpace 2 successful .
Notable projects
The primary project FS2 Open takes advantage of the upgraded engine for FreeSpace 2 . Most of the other projects are based on science-fiction television shows or movies . Diaspora : Shattered Armistice and the presumed-defunct Beyond the Red Line each tell a side story based on the humans and robotic Cylons of the 2004 Battlestar Galactica television series . Another science fiction television series based project is The Babylon Project , based on the critically acclaimed Babylon 5 . All three of these projects are implementing their own Newtonian flight physics . The demo of The Babylon Project was downloaded 100,000 times within two weeks of its announcement , and was reported on Apple.com and in France 's Joystick game magazine .
There are several projects to recreate established video games using the FS2 Open engine . These include Star Fox : Event Horizon for the Star Fox universe , and Wing Commander Saga for the Wing Commander universe .
Some notable original mods and campaigns have been created , such as Wings of Dawn which takes place in an anime-style world , and Blue Planet which offers a continuation of FreeSpace 2 , telling of a civil war between Earth and the GTVA . The FreeSpace Port , sometimes called FSPort , ports the original Descent : FreeSpaceThe Great War to the FreeSpace 2 and SCP engine with many graphical enhancements , and serves as a base for many mods set in the FreeSpace : Great War era , such as Shrouding the Light and Awakenings . Silent Threat : Reborn similarly ports the Silent Threat expansion for Descent : FreeSpace into the FreeSpace 2 SCP engine .
See also
Descent : FreeSpace – The Great War
Vega Strike
References
External links
Official FreeSpace Source Code Project website
FreeSpace
Windows games
Classic macOS games
MacOS games
Linux games
Multiplayer and single-player video games
Video game remaster mods
Christopher Tarver Robertson is a specialist in health law working at the intersection of law , philosophy and science . His research explores how the law affects decision making in domains of scientific uncertainty and misaligned incentives , which he calls `` institutional epistemology . '' Robertson is professor , N. Neal Pike Scholar , and Associate Dean at Boston University . He is affiliated faculty with the Petrie Flom Center for Health Care Policy , Bioethics and Biotechnology at Harvard Law School . His work includes tort law , bioethics , the First Amendment , and corruption in healthcare and politics . His legal practice has focused on complex litigation involving medical and scientific disputes .
Background and education
In 1997 , Robertson attended Southeast Missouri State University , obtaining a B.A . in Philosophy . During his senior year he interned for the White House Chief of Staff , Erskine Bowles . He went on to earn a Ph.D. in Philosophy at Washington University in St. Louis and taught Bio-Medical Ethics before attending Harvard Law School , earning his J.D. , in 2007 . In 2008 , he continued at Harvard Law as an Academic Fellow & Lecturer at the Petrie-Flom Center for Health Law Policy , Biotechnology , and Bioethics . Upon completing his fellowship , in 2010 , he became a tenure-track professor at the University of Arizona and was tenured as a full professor in 2015 . As a visitor , he has also taught at London School of Economics , New York University , and Harvard Law School .
Research and publications
Robertson has co-edited two books : Nudging Health : Behavioral Economics and Health Law ( 2016 , with Holly Fernandez Lynch and Glenn Cohen ) and Blinding as a Solution to Bias : Strengthening Biomedical Science , Forensic Science and Law ( 2016 , with Aaron Kesselheim ) . In 2019 , Harvard University Press published his monograph Exposed : Why Our Health Insurance is Incomplete and What Can be Done About It .
In addition to his books , Robertson has written articles for legal and healthcare journals including the New England Journal of Medicine ; Yale Journal of Health Policy , Law and Ethics , Journal of Legal Analysis , Journal of Law and Bioscience , Journal of Empirical Legal Studies , New York University Law Review , Cornell Law Review , and Journal of the American College of Radiology . He has given interviews , been published and cited in media outlets including CBS News , CNN , The Washington Post , The Wall Street Journal , and National Public Radio 's Marketplace .
Robertson has received research support from the Edmond J. Safra Center for Ethics at Harvard , the Greenwall Foundation , the National Institutes of Health and the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation .
References
1975 births
Living people
Harvard Law School alumni
Bioethicists
Southeast Missouri State University alumni
Washington University in St. Louis alumni
Boston University faculty
Until the industrial revolution , the current City Centre represented the full extent of the City of Dundee , Scotland . Now roughly encircled by the market gait dual carriageway , the city centre is now the main shopping and commercial district . Unlike the city centre of Glasgow , many of the city centre 's streets ( especially in the southern and eastern quarters ) are not built on a grid plan and in that way have more in common with the street plan of the Old Town of Edinburgh ( although most buildings in Dundee 's city centre date from the 19th century or later ) .
Areas
The modern city centre is still divided into the six medieval thoroughfares : the Seagait , Murraygait , Nethergait , Overgait , Wellgait and the Cowgait ( “ Gait ” being a Scots word for street ) which all remain today , although the `` Overgate '' and `` Wellgate '' are now enclosed shopping centres . Many of the medieval closes were demolished in the late 19th century to make way for larger and grander Victorian streets . However , the area to the north of the city centre between Meadowside , Ward Road , and the Market gait is mostly based on a grid system with wide avenues and crescents , due to much of this area being planned and designed in the Victorian era .
Cityscape
At the heart of the city centre is the City Square , home to two of Dundee 's principal cultural venues ; the Caird Hall , the Marryat Hall along with the City Chambers and other businesses . The multi-storey Tayside House , completed in 1976 to accommodate the then new Tayside Regional Council , and latterly the main headquarters of Dundee City Council , was located directly behind the City Square . It was demolished in 2013 as part of the redevelopment of the waterfront area , with the council HQ moving to Dundee House .
Offices
The offices of D. C. Thomson & Co. Ltd , Alliance Trust , the McManus Galleries , the High School of Dundee , University of Abertay Dundee the Barrack Street Natural History Museum , the Episcopal St Paul 's Cathedral , Dundee Central Library , Dundee 's main railway station and the headquarters of Tayside Police are all to be found in the city centre .
There is also a ten-story office building called City House located in the Overgate .
Statues
Many of Dundee 's public statues are scattered throughout the neighbourhood , subjects include Robert Burns , Queen Victoria , Admiral Duncan , the Strathmartine Dragon , James Carmichael , Desperate Dan and Minnie the Minx , there is also a plaque to William Wallace , on the supposed site where he began his war for independence by murdering the son of the English governor , sheriff or magistrate of Dundee after he had made a constant habit of bullying him and his family , although this local folk tale may or may not be true , it is known that that St Paul 's Cathedral , where the plaque is located is the site of Dundee 's old castle , which the army of Wallace and Andrew Moray laid siege to early in the Wars of Scottish Independence .
Developments
In 2000 , a major public consultation into the future of the waterfront was conducted to coincide with the partial redevelopment of the Seabraes area ( including the new Science Centre ) . A masterplan was developed , with infrastructure work being undertaken ( including strengthening of the railway tunnel ) in 2006 . In 2009 , one of the major elements of the redevelopment was undertaken : the realignment of the A92 Tay Road Bridge offramps . The opening of a new museum and gallery - V & A Dundee - was announced in 2010 . Removal of several key structures including Tayside House , the Hilton Hotel and Casino , the 1970s entrance buildings to the railway station , the Olympia Leisure Centre ( relocated to East Marketgait ) along with associated pedestrian over-bridges , was completed in 2013 . The project , as a whole , was expected to be completed by 2017 .
References
Areas of Dundee
Central business districts in the United Kingdom
Tupiza is a city in Potosí Department , Bolivia . It is located at an elevation of about 2850 m. The population is 25,709 ( 2012 estimate ) . Tupiza and its environs are characterized by dramatic red escarpments which jut ruggedly skyward from the coarse , gray terrain ; green agricultural land adjacent to the nearby Tupiza River provides welcome respite from the otherwise arid , thorny surroundings . The area quebradas are susceptible to flash flood runoff from sudden cloudbursts .
Tupiza is the capital of the Sud Chichas Province within the Potosí Department . It is accessible via bus from Villazón to the south ( and thereby both Argentina and Tarija ) and Potosí to the north , as well as via the north-south train which served the mining settlements and runs the same route . From Tupiza , various towns in the local mining districts are accessible , as is the Salar de Uyuni .
Legend has it that Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid met their end at the hands of the Bolivian army near Tupiza , concluding their notorious string of bank robbery raids . Various local outfitters provide horseback or jeep tours to the rumored site .
References
External links
Tupiza City , Nuestrapiza ( Spanish )
Tupiza profile ( English )
Tupiza pics , additional materials ( Spanish )
Populated places in Potosí Department
it : Tupiza
Operation Flounder was an operation carried out in World War II by the NEI . Eight men , all NEI , were put on shore at Ceram Island . Contact was lost . It later emerged that at least two had been executed .
References
Military operations involving the Netherlands
Military operations of World War II involving Australia
Michel Montignac ( 1944 – August 22 , 2010 ) was a French diet developer who originally created the Montignac diet to help himself lose weight , which he based on research that focuses on the glycemic index of foods , which affects the amount of glucose delivered to the blood after eating . The diet , which distinguishes between good and bad carbohydrates , became the basis for best-selling books and a chain of restaurants and stores promoting his diet regimen and was one of the theoretical predecessors of the South Beach Diet .
Background
Born in Angoulême , France in 1944 , Montignac had a family history of obesity , with his father weighing . He studied political science and worked as a human resources manager , ultimately working as the personnel manager in the 1970s for the European subsidiary of Abbott Laboratories , an American pharmaceutical firm . Using the research materials available to him there , and despite the lack of any formal medical training , he sought a way to counteract the effects of the daily business lunches he ate and came to the determination that the issue in weight loss was not how much you ate but what you consumed . By dividing carbohydrates into two categories , good ( including beans , leaf vegetables , lentils , whole grain wheat products , wild rice and dark chocolate ) and bad ( such as corn , potatoes , refined flour , white bread and white rice ) , Montignac 's research led him to conclude that eating bad carbs , those with a high glycemic index , raises the levels of glucose in the blood and results in weight gain by coaxing the pancreas to generate insulin , which ultimately leads to the conversion of excess glucose into body fat . In 1993 he told The New York Times that `` all traditional methods of dieting have amounted to a myth as big as Communism , and like Communism , they are destined to collapse '' . He tested the diet on himself and lost in three months .
Building on his own experiences and research , Montignac proposed that trying to lose weight by reducing caloric consumption was a `` scientific swindle '' and that weight could be controlled by monitoring and selecting the foods one ate . Montignac 's diet was based on the idea that reducing calories in one 's diet triggers a `` survival instinct '' that causes the body to store fat after losing pounds early in the diet . He self-published the book Dine Out and Lose Weight in 1986 aimed at business people who eat out often as part of their work and sold more than 500,000 copies . By the early 1990s , Montignac was opening a series of diet stores and restaurants that sold such items as beef , cheese , chocolate bars , foie gras that had been traditionally viewed as `` symbols of ruinous hedonism '' but that were promoted as part of Montignac 's diet method . His 1987 book Je Mange Donc Je Maigris ( translated in English as Eat Yourself Slim ... and Stay Slim ! ) was aimed at the general public and had reached sales of 16 million copies in 40 countries by 2005 .
A resident of Juvigny , Haute-Savoie , Montignac died of prostate cancer at age 66 on August 22 , 2010 , at a clinic in Annemasse . `` He is survived by his wife , Suzy ; their children , Joseph and Peter ; and by three children from his first marriage , Charles , Emeric and Sybille . The promotion of his method has been passed on to Suzy and Sybille . ''
See also
Raw veganism
References
1944 births
2010 deaths
Low-carbohydrate diet advocates
People from Angoulême
People from Haute-Savoie
John Smith ( 1657–1726 ) was an English barrister and judge .
Life
The son of Roger Smith of Frolesworth , Leicestershire , he was born on 6 January 1657 , and matriculated at Lincoln College , Oxford , on 12 September 1676 , at the age of 19 . He entered Gray 's Inn on 1 June 1678 , was called to the bar on 2 May 1684 , and , having been made serjeant-at-law on 30 October 1700 , was appointed a justice of the Court of Common Pleas in Ireland on 24 December 1700 . He was transferred to be a Baron of the Court of Exchequer in England on 24 June 1702 .
In the leading case Ashby v. White ( 1703 ) , arising out of the election , Smith gave his decision in opposition to the judgment of the majority of the court of queen 's bench , and concurred in the view expressed by Lord-chief-justice Sir John Holt . It was in favour of the plaintiff Ashby whose vote the returning officer , White ( the defendant ) , had declined to record . On appeal to the House of Lords , the judgment was reversed , and the opinion of Holt and Smith was confirmed .
In May 1708 Smith was selected to settle the Court of Exchequer in Scotland , after the union with England , and for that purpose was made Lord Chief Baron of the Exchequer in Scotland ; he kept ( though another baron was appointed ) his place in the English court , and receiving £500 a year in addition to his salary . He was re-sworn on the accession of George I as a baron of the English exchequer , although he performed none of the duties , and enjoyed both his English and his Scottish offices until his death on 24 June 1726 , at the age of 69 .
Legacy
Smith was a benefactor of his native village of Frolesworth . By his will , he founded and endowed a hospital for fourteen poor widows of the communion of the church of England , who were each to have £12 a year and a separate house .
Notes
Attribution
1657 births
1726 deaths
English barristers
Serjeants-at-law ( England )
18th-century English judges
The 2014 Channel O Music Video Awards took place on 29 November 2014 at the Nasrec Expo Centre in Soweto . Nominees were announced on 4 September . Cassper Nyovest , K.O and Davido led the nominations with 5 each . DJ Clock 's hit song `` Pluto '' , which features the singing trio Beatenberg , followed with 4 . AKA and Uhuru both received three nominations apiece . Cassper Nyovest and Diamond Platnumz both took home three awards apiece .
Performers
Davido
Cassper Nyovest
K.O
AKA
Kwesta
Patoranking
Bucie
Riky Rick
Lil Kesh
Olamide
DJ Dimplez
Winners and nominees
Male
Cassper Nyovest - `` Doc Shebeleza ''
Davido - `` Aye ''
Riky Rick featuring Okmalumkoolkat - Amantombazane
K.O featuring Kid X - `` Caracara ''
Sarkodie - `` Illuminati ''
Female
Tiwa Savage featuring Don Jazzy - `` Eminado ''
Thembi Seete - `` Thuntsha Lerole ''
Bucie featuring Heavy K - `` Easy To Love ''
Lizha James featuring Uhuru - `` Quem Ti Mandou ''
Seyi Shay - `` Irawo ''
Newcomer
Diamond Platnumz - `` Number One ''
Dream Team featuring Tamarsha , AKA and Big Nuz - Tsekede ( Remix )
Cassper Nyovest - `` Doc Shebeleza ''
Emmy Gee featuring AB Crazy and DJ Dimplez - `` Rands and Nairas ''
Patoranking featuring Tiwa Savage - `` Girlie O ( Remix ) ''
Duo/Group or Featuring
KCee featuring Wizkid - `` Pull Over ''
Uhuru featuring Oskido and Professor - `` Y-Tjukutja ''
DJ Clock featuring Beatenberg - `` Pluto ( I Remember ) ''
R2Bees featuring Wizkid - `` Slow Down ''
K.O featuring Kid X - `` Caracara ''
Dance
Busiswa featuring Oskido and Uhuru - `` Ngoku ''
Uhuru featuring Oskido and Professor - `` Y-Tjukutja ''
Davido - `` Skelewu ''
DJ Clock featuring Beatenberg - `` Pluto ( I Remember ) ''
P-Square - `` Personally ''
Ragga Dancehall
Buffalo Souljah - Turn Up
Orezi - Rihanna ''
Jesse Jagz featuring Wizkid - `` Bad Girl ''
Patoranking - Girlie O
Shatta Wale - `` Everybody Likes My Ting ''
Afro Pop
Diamond Platnumz - `` Number One ''
Davido - `` Aye ''
Mafikizolo featuring May D - `` Happiness ''
Flavour - `` Ada Ada ''
Iyanya - `` Jombolo ''
Kwaito
Uhuru featuring Oskido and Professor - `` Y-Tjukutja ''
Character featuring Mono T and Oskido - `` Inxeba Lendoda ''
Big Nuz featuring Khaya Mthethwa - `` Incwadi Yothando ''
DJ Vetkuk VS Mahoota - `` Khaba Lenja ''
DJ Cndo - `` Yamnandi Into ''
R & B
Donald - `` Crazy But Amazing ''
2Face featuring T-Pain - `` Rainbow ''
Jimmy Nevis featuring Kwesta - `` Balloon ''
GB Collective featuring Brian Temba and Reason - `` Chocolate Vanilla ''
Niyola - `` Toh Bad ''
Hip-hop
AKA - `` Congratulate ''
Cassper Nyovest - `` Doc Shebeleza ''
Khuli Chana featuring Da L.E.S and Magesh - `` Hape Le Hape 2.1 ''
Phyno - `` Alobam ''
K.O featuring Kid X - `` Caracara ''
Southern
Cassper Nyovest - `` Doc Shebeleza ''
DJ Clock featuring Beatenberg - Pluto ( I Remember )
AKA - `` Congratulate ''
Zeus - Psych
K.O featuring Kid X - `` Caracara ''
West
Olamide - `` Turn Up ''
R2Bees featuring Wizkid - `` Slow Down ''
Davido - `` Aye ''
Burna Boy featuring D'banj - `` Won Da Mo ''
Dr SID featuring Don Jazzy - `` Surulere ''
East
Diamond Platnumz - `` Number One ''
Sauti Sol - `` Nshike ''
Navio - `` No Holding Back ''
Eddy Kenzo - `` Sitya Loss ''
Elani - `` Kookoo ''
Video of the Year
Cassper Nyovest - `` Doc Shebeleza ''
Emmy Gee featuring AB Crazy and DJ Dimplez - `` Rands and Nairas ''
Davido - `` Aye ''
K.O featuring Kid X - `` Caracara ''
Burna Boy - `` Run My Race ''
Tiwa Savage featuring Don Jazzy - `` Eminado ''
Dr SID featuring Don Jazzy - `` Surulere ''
Riky Rick featuring Okmalumkoolkat - `` Amantombazane ''
Sarkodie - `` Illuminati ''
DJ Clock featuring Beatenberg - Pluto ( I Remember )
AKA - `` Congratulate ''
Diamond Platnumz - `` Number One ''
References
Channel O
Channel O
The AS-I is a highway in Asturias , Spain that connects Mieres and Gijón . It is also known as Autovía Minera because of its travel through the mining towns in Asturias like Mieres or Langreo , passing near La Camocha coal mine before finishing in Gijón .
The AS-I was made between 2000 and 2003 by the Government of the Principality of Asturias .
The last junctions opened were the Enlace de Ceares in Gijón , in 2007 , and the one in Pola de Siero .
Route
References
Transport in Asturias
Autopistas and autovías in Spain
John A. Roebling 's Sons Company , Trenton N.J. , Block 3 is the northern portion of the former Roebling manufacturing complex in Trenton , New Jersey . The buildings date from 1908–1929 and the site was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 22 , 2012 .
History
John A. Roebling , the designer of the Brooklyn Bridge , founded his steel wire manufacturing company on the site in 1849 . The location , on the western side of the Chambersburg , now a neighborhood of Trenton , was chosen for its location alongside the Delaware and Raritan Canal , since buried underneath Route 129 . The location also had easy access to the rail and port connections of the growing city . Under Roebling 's sons the business grew , with the Trenton complex ultimately becoming Trenton 's largest and most famous employer . The steel wire manufactured in block 3 was used for many famous bridges and projects , from the North Sea Mine Barrage in World War I to the Golden Gate Bridge during the Great Depression . The Roebling works made the greatest contribution to Trenton 's reputation as an industrial center , memorialized in the motto `` Trenton Makes , the World Takes '' on the Lower Trenton Bridge . The business was sold by the Roebling 's in 1953 and operations in Trenton stopped in 1974 . Building 101 was used for some time to store paper goods .
Block 3 suffered a number of fires in the 1910s , some attributed to arson due to worker unrest . The current buildings on the site date to expansions in 1908 , 1916–17 , and 1929 . There were seven buildings in the block , five of which are extant :
Redevelopment
The portion of the Roebling complex immediately to the south of block 3 has been rehabilitated as offices , a market , and a museum in the NRHP listed Roebling Machine Shop . Block 3 is adjacent to the Hamilton Avenue station of the River Line light rail line . It is also quite close to the Trenton Transit Center on the Northeast Corridor , the terminus of the River Line , providing easy rail access to New York City and Philadelphia . The CURE Insurance Arena , a 10,500-seat arena home to concerts and sporting events , is across the street . The Trenton Ferry Historic District lies to the west . Nearby landmarks include the Italian Peoples Bakery and the New Jersey State Prison .
All the buildings in block 3 are currently in disuse and have experienced significant decay . The block has been the subject of many redevelopment efforts and is currently slated for redevelopment as lofts , offices , commercial space , and a piazza for events . Funds have been raised to convert building 101 to the Wirerope lofts , with construction slated to begin in 2015 . It is expected that the renovation of the rest of the complex , including the construction of new buildings and a parking garage , will follow .
See also
Roebling Machine Shop
National Register of Historic Places listings in Mercer County , New Jersey
John A. Roebling
References
Buildings and structures in Trenton , New Jersey
Industrial buildings and structures on the National Register of Historic Places in New Jersey
National Register of Historic Places in Trenton , New Jersey
New Jersey Register of Historic Places
Wire and cable manufacturers
Roebling family
Xenopsis is a genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae , containing the following species :
Xenopsis akiyamai Volkovitsh , 2009
Xenopsis boschmai Thery , 1935
Xenopsis kubani Volkovitsh , 2009
Xenopsis laevis Saunders , 1867
Xenopsis pacholatkoi Volkovitsh , 2008
Xenopsis violaceocyanea Volkovitsh , 2008
Xenopsis woodleyi Volkovitsh , 2008
References
Buprestidae genera
Taxa named by Edward Saunders ( entomologist )
The Federation Council is a local government area located in the Riverina region of New South Wales , Australia . This area was formed in 2016 from the merger of the Corowa Shire with its neighbouring Urana Shire .
The council comprises an area of and covers the urban areas of Corowa and Mulwala and the surrounding cropping and pastoral region to the north . It is bounded to the south by the Murray River and the state of Victoria . At the time of its establishment the council had an estimated population of .
The inaugural mayor of Federation Council is Patrick Bourke from Urana , elected by his fellow councillors on 26 September 2017 .
Main towns and villages
In addition to the main urban centres of Corowa , Urana and Mulwala , localities in the area include Balldale , Boree Creek , Buraja , Coreen , Daysdale , Hopefield , Howlong , Lowesdale , Morundah , Oaklands , Rand , Rennie and Savernake .
Heritage listings
The Federation Council has a number of heritage-listed sites , including :
Corowa Courthouse
Corowa railway station
Corowa Flour Mill
Savernake Station
Urana Soldiers ' Memorial Hall
Demographics
Council
Federation Council comprise nine Councillors elected proportionally as a single ward . All Councillors are elected for a fixed four-year term of office .
The interim Administrator of the Federation Council was solicitor and former professional rugby league footballer Mike Eden , until elections were held on 9 September 2017
The most recent election was held on 9 September 2017 , and the makeup of the council is as follows :
History
The Federation Council was created by the Government of New South Wales as a result of an amalgamation of some local government bodies through a reform program between 2013 and 2016 . As part of the review , all New South Wales local government authorities were assessed by the NSW Independent Pricing and Regulatory Tribunal on their historical and projected demographic data , financial sustainability , and other measures including their impact on the State 's resources . This council deemed `` unfit '' were asked to nominate their preferred merger partner in order to achieve economies of scale . Corowa and Urana shires both nominated to merge with each other . In addition Lockhart Shire nominated Urana Shire as a preferred merger partner . In December 2015 , the Minister for Local Government Paul Toole proposed the amalgamation of all three Councils . All three Councils opposed the proposal and a group of residents in the town of Mulwala in Corowa Shire threatened to secede and join Berrigan Shire if the three-way merger went ahead . Corowa Shire put forward the alternate proposal being a merger of Corowa and Urana shires , despite objections from Urana Shire . The Minister accepted the Corowa and Urana merger proposal and the Federation Council was proclaimed on 12 May 2016 .
See also
Local government areas of New South Wales
References
External links
Local government areas of the Riverina
2016 establishments in Australia
Ecem Çırpan ( born 10 July 1996 ) is a Turkish volleyball player , model and beauty pageant titleholder born and raised in Bursa , Turkey . She was crowned Miss Turkey 2015 and represented her country at the Miss World 2015 pageant .
Life and career
Born and raised in Bursa , Turkey she currently resides in Istanbul , Turkey where she works as a model .
Pageantry
Miss Turkey 2015
Ecem won Miss Turkey 2015 and was crowned as Miss World Turkey . She represented her country in Miss World 2015 in Sanya , China but did not place .
References
External links
Miss Turkey official website
1996 births
Living people
Miss World 2015 delegates
People from Bursa
Turkish beauty pageant winners
Turkish female models
Turkish women 's volleyball players
In kabbalah , the divine soul ( ; nefesh ha'elokit ) is the source of good inclination , or yetzer tov , and Godly desires .
The divine soul is composed of the ten sefirot from the side of holiness , and garbs itself with three garments of holiness , namely Godly thought , speech and action associated with the 613 commandments of the Torah . Because its desire is to cleave to Godliness , it is usually in conflict with the nefesh habehamit , whose desire is initially for physical pleasures .
Reluctance of the soul to be born
In Pirkei Avot 4:22 it is stated :
Regarding this , Bartenura explains that the soul does not desire to leave the pure place where souls reside before coming down to earth . An angel forces it to leave its heavenly abode and enter the mother 's womb , after which an angel again forces it to come out and be born .
On the same passage , Rabbi Menachem Mendel Schneerson , the Lubavitcher Rebbe , notes that `` against your will you live '' seems to conflict with `` against your will you die . '' `` Against your will you live '' makes sense according to Bartenura , because the soul was on a much higher level before it came to this world ; at that time it was blissfully cleaving to Godliness . How , then , can it be said that `` against your will you die , '' when the soul returns to God ? He resolves it by explaining that the soul was convinced to descend when it was informed of the Divine Intention to `` make a dwelling for God in the lower realms . '' This can only be accomplished by studying Torah and performing mitzvot on earth . Despite being reluctant to leave the Heavens , its most powerful , core and essential desire is actually to cleave to God ; and because of that , it also yearns to cleave to and be in accord with the Divine Will . The soul therefore descends , in order to create the `` dwelling place in the nether realms '' and fulfill the Divine Will . Likewise , it is reluctant to die and leave the world , because the mitzvot can only be fulfilled while enclothed in a physical body .
Battle with the animal soul
In the Tanya
In the Tanya , Rabbi Shneur Zalman of Liadi stated that the nefesh ha'elokit is `` literally a part of God above . '' This is supported by quoting the morning prayer `` Elokai neshamah '' , which says `` the soul You gave me is pure . ... You blew it into me , '' then quoting a phrase of the Zohar that `` one who blows , blows from within him . '' This is taken to mean , `` from His innermost . ''
Unique to Jews
The Tanya also notes that this soul is unique to Jews alone . He cites various verses ( Exodus 4:22 : `` My firstborn son , Israel '' , Deuteronomy 14:1 : `` You are children to the your God '' ) showing that Jews are considered God 's children , and then links it to a mystical statement that `` a child is derived from the brain of his father . '' It then cites Maimonides ( Hilchot Yesodei HaTorah 2:10 ) who says , `` He is the Knowledge , and He is the Knower , '' thus proving that the Jewish Divine soul is derived from the Divine Thought , which is the same as God Himself .
Relation to human anatomy
The Tanya states that the nefesh ha'elokit resides primarily in the brain , from which it spreads throughout the body . It is also manifest , albeit to a lesser extent , in the right ventricle of the heart , from which it may take control of the left ventricle of the heart where the nefesh habehamit is primarily manifest .
Allegorical terms
Because the nefesh ha'elokit is derived from God Himself , it is commonly referred to as a `` prince '' or a `` princess '' in many allegories . The Parable of the Harlot and the Prince from the Zohar ( part II , 163a ) is one example . Another example is the Parable of the Princess and the Peasant .
See also
Animal soul
Soul
Spirit
Yetzer hara
References
Further reading
( This contains the full text of the Tanya translated into English , with English commentary translated from Yiddish . It also includes the original Hebrew text of the Tanya . )
Leibowitz , Aryeh . ( 2018 ) . The Neshama : A Study of the Human Soul . Feldheim Publishers .
Kabbalah
Hasidic thought
Kabbalistic words and phrases
Eryngium baldwinii is a biennial aromatic herb in the Eryngium genus . Its common name is Baldwin 's eryngo . It can grow to become a spread out groundcover with hazy appearing light blue flowers . It is named for Willliam Baldwin .
Ethnobotanist Dan Austin reports that it was used as breath freshener with aphrodisiac qualities and in an edible form was known as “ kissing comfits '' . It is in the Apiaceae family along with parsley , celery , and carrot . Several other species of Eryngium are related . It prefers lots of sun and moist to wet soil . It grows in much of Florida and parts of Georgia .
References
baldwinii
Glan-alaw is a village in the community of Tref Alaw , Ynys Môn , Wales , which is 139.4 miles ( 224.3 km ) from Cardiff and 222.1 miles ( 357.4 km ) from London .
References
See also
List of localities in Wales by population
Villages in Anglesey
CSLI may refer to :
Center for the Study of Language and Information , a part of Stanford University
Cell site location information , a component of mobile phone tracking
CubeSat Launch Initiative
Bartolotta is an Italian surname . Notable people with the surname include :
Angel Bartolotta ( born 1981 ) , American drummer
Camera Bartolotta ( born 1963 ) , American politician
Daniel Bartolotta ( born 1955 ) , Uruguayan footballer and manager
Jimmy Bartolotta ( born 1986 ) , American basketball player
Paul Bartolotta ( born 1961 ) , American chef and restaurateur
Steve Bartolotta ( born 1963 )
American Composer and Musician
Italian-language surnames
Space Cavern is a 1982 fixed shooter video game for the Atari 2600 developed and released by Games by Apollo . Players control a spaceship commander who has landed on a planet and must defend the ship against its hostile creatures . Games by Apollo founder Pat Roper was impressed by the game Demon Attack and tasked Apollo member Dan Oliver with making a game very similar to it .
Gameplay
In Space Cavern , players control the commander of an intergalactic spaceship that is traveling through a previously unknown area in space . The spaceship lands on a mysterious planet inhabited by creatures known as Electrosauri and Marsupods , who attempt to attack the crew of the ship .
The player character is situated at the bottom of the screen . Leftward and rightward movements of the joystick correspond to leftward and rightward movements of the character . Moving the joystick upward and downward induces the character to fire left and right respectively . Pressing the controller button results in the character firing upward . The player must shoot enemy creatures that come from the top and bottom before they shoot the player character . Enemy creatures fire beams that cause the player to lose a life whenever contact is made with the character . An extra life is awarded every 2,000 points ; points are earned by destroying enemies , with 115 or 165 points awarded for killing an Electrosaurus and 200 points for a Marsupod .
There are twenty-four gameplay variations included in Space Cavern ; all are playable by one or two players and activated by modifying the 2600 's difficulty switches . The variations differ in the number of enemies , their speed , the direction of their lasers , and the inclusion of Marsupods .
Development
Company founder Pat Roper had flown programmer Ed Salvo to a Consumer Electronics Show to show him the Imagic video game Demon Attack . Impressed with Imagic 's game , Roper decided he wanted to produce one similar to it . He told developer Dan Oliver what he wanted in the game without disclosing his inspiration . Space Cavern was released in 1982 . Game publisher Panda rereleased an identical version of Space Cavern under the name Space Canyon the following year , and an Atari 5200 port was started but not completed .
As development neared completion , mounting financial pressures came to a head and Games by Apollo found itself owing nearly $ 5 million , half of which debt belonged to its advertising agency Benton & Bowles . Games by Apollo faced growing pressure from Benton & Bowles to repay its debts , and a few months after Space Cavern release , on November 12 , 1982 , Games by Apollo filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy . Although Roper expected Apollo to `` return in smaller form '' , the company closed in 1983 after reorganization attempts failed .
Reception
Arcade Express magazine was positive about Space Cavern , praising the graphics of the player 's death , while criticizing the design of the enemies , and concluding by opining that the game was more suited to skilled players . In a review for Video magazine , Bill Kunkel and Arnie Katz did not agree whether Space Cavern control scheme was unnaturally `` cumbersome '' or `` an exciting departure from the expected '' . They wrote that the controls were `` at least a little controversial '' among arcade players . In a follow-up review for Electronic Games , Kunkel and Katz concluded that the game would entertain arcade players hundreds of times over but criticized the graphics of the enemies .
TV Gamer called the game too simple and not requiring much brainpower . Videogaming Illustrated compared the game positively to Phoenix , and believed that it was `` arguably the best space game on the market '' . The writer called it Apollo 's best game and noted its suitability for both young and experienced players .
Space Cavern was an honorable mention in the `` Best Action Video Game '' category at the 1983 Arkie Awards .
References
External links
Space Cavern at Atari Mania
Atari 2600 games
Atari 2600-only games
1982 video games
Fixed shooters
Video games developed in the United States
Video games set in outer space
Video games set on fictional planets
Games by Apollo
Multiplayer and single-player video games
Craig Dootson ( born 23 May 1979 ) is an English retired footballer and former goalkeeping coach .
Playing career
Preston North End
Dootson started out as a trainee at his home town club Preston North End in 1998 . Despite appearing in several youth games , Dootson was deemed surplus to requirements and told he would never be tall enough to make the grade and was released without ever making a senior appearance .
Bamber Bridge
Upon his release from Preston , Dootson had a brief trial with Morecambe but decided to sign for Bamber Bridge and made debut against Stalybridge Celtic on 31 October 1998 . Made 70 appearances with 30 wins and 18 cleansheets . It was his performances that started to get him noticed again and in 2000 Dootson made a move to Leigh RMI for an undisclosed fee .
Leigh RMI
Quickly established as `` The Railwaymen 's '' number one , Dootson made over 20 first team appearances before a serious knee injury forced him onto the sidelines . When Dootson returned to fitness he found himself unable to break into Leigh 's first team again and , despite a quick loan to Bradford Park Avenue , Dootson transferred to Stalybridge Celtic
Stalybridge Celtic
On 17 August 2002 , Stalybridge announced that they had captured the signature of Dootson . Over a period of three years , Dootson kept 37 clean sheets in 125 appearances . Dootson had numerous trials at professional clubs before agreeing terms with Bury .
Bury
It was only a matter of time before a league club took an interest in Dootson and in the close season of 2005 Bury signed Dootson on a free transfer . Dootson would make limited appearances for `` The Shakers '' and would go on to break his arm against Barnet and then be unable to claim a regular first team place on his return . Prior to his breakthrough into the 1st team he had a one-month loan to Conference North side Hinckley United in January 2006 . He was released by Bury at the end of the season .
Hyde United
As with other times in his career , Dootson did not have to wait long before being picked up by a club , Conference North side Hyde United moved to secure Dootson as their number 1 . Over the three seasons that Dootson spent at Ewen Fields , he made 125 appearances before being transferred to Conference North rivals Alfreton Town at the beginning of the 2009–10 season .
Alfreton Town
Dootson would spend half a season at the Impact Arena but would find it difficult to travel to derbyshire from chorley 3 times a week and formally requested a transfer . it looked like Conference North side Harrogate Town had won the race to sign Dootson but at the last minute Fleetwood town made an undisclosed offer and Dootson decided to join promotion chasing Fleetwood Town instead .
Fleetwood Town
Dootson joined Fleetwood on 10 November 2009 and helped them to second place in the Conference North , just behind Southport . Fleetwood won a close play-off final against Dootson 's old club Alfreton Town 2–1 although Dootson did not take part in this final due to an agreement between the clubs during his transfer .
With Fleetwood 's promotion and subsequent decision to go full-time , Dootson decided to remain part-time due to his profession working in the justice system . And although having another year on his deal he left the club in the post season .
Harrogate Town
It was announced on 2 June 2010 that Harrogate Town had , at the second time of asking , signed Dootson . He made several appearances for Harrogate and following a public argument with the Harrogate manager it was announced he would be rejoining Fleetwood on a three-month loan on 10 September 2010 .
Altrincham
After his three-month loan spell at Fleetwood , Dootson then went on to play for Altrincham then playing in the Conference National . Although he was unable to help them in their relegation battle as they were relegated at the end of the 2010–11 season .
Kendal Town
As of 14 June 2011 , Dootson announced via social networking site Facebook that he had signed for Kendal Town . He instantly found himself a regular first choice keeper . Dootson enjoyed three seasons at `` The Mintcakes '' before leaving to join big spending Warrington for a brief spell before returning to the Cumbria outfit .
Post playing career
Dootson had numerous coaching responsibilities . He started his coaching career at AFC Fylde before moving onto Salford City for three and a half years until the end of June 2018 .
Dootson has also coached at Leeds United and Tranmere Rovers .
On 31 January 2019 , Kendal Town appointed Steve Edmondson as their caretaker manager . He took Dootson with him as his assistant manager .
Dootson joined Liverpool F.C . Women as goalkeeping coach in April 2019 .
After a short break away from the game , Dootson returned to coaching at his home town team Chorley and was part of the famous FA Cup run which saw Chorley reach the 4th round .
References
External links
Living people
1979 births
Footballers from Preston , Lancashire
English footballers
Association football goalkeepers
Preston North End F.C . players
Bamber Bridge F.C . players
Leigh Genesis F.C . players
Bradford ( Park Avenue ) A.F.C . players
Stalybridge Celtic F.C . players
Bury F.C . players
Hinckley United F.C . players
Hyde United F.C . players
Alfreton Town F.C . players
Fleetwood Town F.C . players
Harrogate Town A.F.C . players
Altrincham F.C . players
Kendal Town F.C . players
Salford City F.C . players
Northern Premier League players
National League ( English football ) players
English Football League players
Salford City F.C . non-playing staff
The Society for the Promotion of Culture among the Jews of Russia ( Hebrew : Hevra Mefitsei Haskalah ; Russian : Obshchestva dlia Rasprostraneniia Prosveshcheniia Mezhdu Evreiami v Rossii , or OPE ; sometimes translated into English as `` Society for the Spread of Enlightenment among the Jews of Russia '' ) was an educational and civic association that promoted the acculturation of Russian Jews and their integration in the wider Russian society ; founded in 1863 , it remained active until 1926 or 1929 .
It was founded as a learned society in December 1863 , in Saint Petersburg , at that time the capital city of the Russian Empire , by prominent Russian Jews , including Joseph Yozel Günzburg , who became president ; his son Horace Günzburg , first vice-president ; Rabbi A. Neumann , second vice-president ; Leon Rosenthal , treasurer ; Abraham Brodski ; and I. Brodski . Lithuanian scholar Mattityahu Strashun was an honorary member .
The aim of the society as set forth in its constitution was as follows :
`` To promote culture among the Russian Jews and to infuse into them love therefor . To this end the society will endeavor to spread the knowledge of the Russian language among them ; it will publish and assist others in publishing useful works and journals in Russian , as well as in Hebrew , that will aid in carrying out the purposes of the society ; and it will , further , assist the young in devoting themselves to the pursuit of knowledge and of the sciences . ''
Branch societies
The idea of establishing such a society in Russia may have been suggested by the Alliance Israélite Universelle , which was founded in 1860 . The time was ripe for such an organization in Russia , inasmuch as the awakening of the Jews of that country to their cultural needs was in progress . There were , however , some drawbacks , on account of which the society was unable to carry out its program in its entirety . Its scope of activity was necessarily limited by the disabilities of the Russian Jews and there was , moreover , a lack of interest on the part of the intellectual Jews themselves , the greater number of whom strove to shake themselves free from everything Jewish . The society thus had to struggle on for some time and to satisfy its ambition with minor achievements . For several years the number of members was less than 250 , and in 1880 it was not quite 350 ; the annual income was less than 12,000 rubles . From that year onward , however , interest in the society increased . The anti-Jewish riots , on the one hand , and the restrictions imposed by the government , on the other , impelled Russian Jews to trust to self-help and to take thenceforth more interest in their own institutions . In the next year ( 1880 ) the society inaugurated a branch , with a special fund , for the promotion of agriculture and industry among Russian Jews . The number of members increased to 552 and its yearly income was more than doubled ( 28,246 rubles ) . But here , again , the attitude of the Russian government toward the Jews checked the society 's operations , the prohibition against Jews engaging in agriculture having become more stringent with the accession of Alexander III , thus defeating the object of the new agricultural section . In the other branches , however , the activity of the society was considerable , the report of its twentieth anniversary ( 1884 ) showing an expenditure from the foundation of the society of 78,788 rubles for the support of students at universities , academies , and industrial institutions , and for the maintenance of private and public schools ; in addition 35,556 rubles were expended in connection with useful publications issued by the society itself or on its initiative . At the same time , a greater interest in Hebrew literature began to manifest itself among the members , and a special fund for its promotion was voted in 1884 .
Chief lines of activity
The operations of the society have since extended far beyond Saint Petersburg . As early as 1865 a branch had been founded at Odessa , which issued and maintained the newspaper Den ( `` The Day '' ) . Other branches were later established at Moscow , Riga , and several other cities ; but the most effective work has been done by the Odessa branch . The chief lines of the society 's activity are the following :
Assistance of Jewish students at the Russian universities ;
Maintenance of general and industrial schools for Jewish children ;
Aid to Jewish libraries ;
Encouragement of Jewish authors and publication of works ( in Hebrew and Russian ) pertaining to Judaism , prizes being offered for the same ; and
Promotion of a knowledge of Jewish science by series of lectures , particularly in Saint Petersburg .
Unfortunately , the society has to struggle for existence . Its educational work is being rendered less important in proportion as education progresses among Russian Jews generally . Moreover , the society having been founded at a time when the idea of assimilation with the Russians was prevalent among the cultured Jews , and having , more or less , retained this spirit , it has now to face an internal conflict with the Jewish national tendencies that have recently been awakened in Russian Jewry , and with which many of the members of the society are strongly imbued .
References
Sources
Bibliography from the 1906 Jewish Encyclopedia
Leon Rosenthal , Toledot Ḥebrat Marbe Haskalah be-Yisrael , St. Petersburg , 1885–90 ;
Ha-Shaḥar , vi . 589 et seq. , vii . 337 et seq. , ix . 629-631 , xi . 60-63 ;
Ha-Shiloaḥ , vii . 557 ; viii . 91 , 369 ; ix . 275 , 366 et seq . ; x . 89 et seq . ; xii . 471 ; xiii . 280 ;
Ha-Maggid , 1864 , Nos . 25 , 26 , 28 , 30 ; 1865 , Nos . 24 , 26 ;
Keneset Yisrael , 1886 , pp . xxvii . et seq . ;
Ha-Dor , i. , Nos . 5 , 7 , 9 , 22 , 23 , 25.H . R. A. S. W .
Jewish Russian and Soviet history
Jewish educational organizations
Haskalah
Jewish organizations based in Russia
United States war plans may refer to :
United States color-coded war plans , potential U.S. strategies for a variety of hypothetical war scenarios developed during the 1920s and 1930s
United States war plans ( 1945–1950 )
Eoin Waide is an Irish Gaelic footballer who plays for Naomh Conaill and also , formerly , for the Donegal county team .
In 2005 , Waide played for his club in the final of the Donegal Senior Football Championship . He also played for his club in the final of the 2010 Donegal Senior Football Championship . He then played for his club in the final of the 2015 Donegal Senior Football Championship . His team won all three games .
He played for Donegal Boston in 2008 .
Waide captained Donegal in the final and scored three points as the team won their first Ulster minor title in 10 years at Croke Park in 2006 . In 2009 , he made substitute appearances for the Donegal senior team in the second halves of their championship victory over Galway at Markievicz Park and their defeat to Cork at Croke Park . He was injured in 2012 .
References
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
Donegal Boston Gaelic footballers
Donegal inter-county Gaelic footballers
Irish expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Naomh Conaill Gaelic footballers
The Hungarian Athletics Championships ( ) are an annual outdoor track and field competition organized and supervised by the Hungarian Athletics Association , which serves as the Hungarian national championships for the sport .
History
The history of competitive athletics in Hungary dates back to 1875 , when the Magyar Athletikai Club ( MAC ) was founded and organized the first public athletics event in the country . MAC continued to hold compeititons in the next decades , and with the growing popularity of the sport they were joined by newly founded clubs which had their own contests and gave out the Hungarian champion title . These , however , were not officially recognized national championships yet and the rules were also not standardized .
The turning point came in 1896 , when Hungary celebrated its millennium and as part of the Millenary Feast sports events of great dimensions were held in Budapest in the presence of Emperor Franz Joseph I , attracting over 5,000 athletes . The competition turned out to be a complete success , which gave a big boost to the athletics . A year later , on 21 March 1897 the Hungarian Athletics Association ( HAA ) was created and two races of the 1896 championship – the 100 yard and the 1 mile event – were approved as official competitions , making Alajos Szokolyi and František Horn the first Hungarian Athletics Championships winners , respectively . Adding long jump and shot put in 1897 , and 120 yard hurdles and 440 yards in 1901 to the events ' list , MAC continued to organize the championships until 1903 , subsequently taken over by the HAA .
Events
Men
100 m
200 m
400 m
800 m
1500 m
5000 m
10000 m
110 m hurdles
400 m hurdles
3000 m steeplechase
4 × 100 m relay
4 × 400 m relay
High jump
Pole vault
Long jump
Triple jump
Shot put
Discus throw
Hammer throw
Javelin throw
Women
100 m
200 m
400 m
800 m
1500 m
5000 m
10000 m
100 m hurdles
400 m hurdles
3000 m steeplechase
4 × 100 m relay
4 × 400 m relay
High jump
Pole vault
Long jump
Triple jump
Shot put
Discus throw
Hammer throw
Javelin throw
Venues
Championship records
Women
See also
Hungarian Athletics Association
Lists of Hungarian Athletics Championships champions
References
External links
Official website of the Hungarian Athletics Association ( in Hungarian )
List of Hungarian Athletics Championships winners ( men ) ( in Hungarian )
List of Hungarian Athletics Championships winners ( women ) ( in Hungarian )
Recurring sporting events established in 1896
1896 establishments in Hungary
National athletics competitions
Joseph Albert Lintner ( 8 February 1822 in Schoharie , New York – 5 May 1898 in Rome ) was an American entomologist . He held the position of State Entomologist from 1881 following the creation of this post by the federal government . He served until 1898 . Lintner wrote 900 scientific papers and 13 of the Report on the injurious and other insects of the State of New York on crop pests and injurious insects associated with agriculture . His collection is in the New York State Museum .
References
Anonym 1898 [ Lintner , J . A . ] Entomologist 's Monthly Magazine ( 3 ) 34
Anonym 1898 : [ Lintner , J . A . ] Entomologist 31 174-175
Howard , L. O . 1930 History of applied Entomology ( Somewhat Anecdotal Smiths . Miscell . Coll . 84 X+1-564 .
Mallis , A . 1971 American Entomologists . Rutgers Univ . Press New Brunswick 52–54 , Portrait .
Osborn , H. 1937 Fragments of Entomological History Including Some Personal Recollections of Men and Events . Columbus , Ohio , Published by the Author 1 1–394 , 47 Taf . nur Portr . ( Taf . 14 )
1822 births
1898 deaths
American entomologists
People from Schoharie , New York
Scientists from New York ( state )
The Memorial ossuary to fallen soldiers in 1912-1918 or Monument to soldiers of four faiths is a war memorial erected on September 23 , 1934 to soldiers who lost their lives during the Balkans and the First World War in Čačak , Serbia . Symbols of four religious communities are engraved on the monument : Orthodox , Catholic , Islamic and Jewish . It is a unique example of respect for soldiers of all nations and religions , both in war and in peace .
History
Between the two world wars , the ladies from Čačak , led by teacher Milica Obradović , founded the women 's section of the `` Association of Reserve Officers and Warriors '' - FIDAK ( ) on October 22 , 1928 .
At that time , still under the influence of dramatic events from the First World War , they pledged to fight for world peace , take care of war veterans and members of their families , arrange military cemeteries , and celebrate dates related to the First World War . The section paid special attention to finding the graves of soldiers of both warring parties who died in the wider region of the Čačak in the wars of 1912-1918 , and transferring their remains to a joint memorial ossuary .
At one point , they were faced with the fact that there were fallen soldiers of different nations and religions .
Above the ossuary , according to the idea of the Čačak engineer Isidor Janjić ( the father of the well known meteorologist Zaviša Janjić ) , the local stonecutter Francesco Berbelja of Italian origin , built a monument in the shape of an obelisk made of blue stone delivered from his quarry ( Francesco 's `` blue stone '' is still being exploited in Serbia
) .
On each side , made of granite , there are four different symbols : the Orthodox cross , the Catholic cross , the Islamic crescent and the Jewish Star of David .
The funeral ended on August 5 , 1934 , with the symbolic transfer of the remains of three soldiers . Along with Beethoven 's `` Posthumous March '' , the procession set off from the city towards the memorial ossuary . The monument was unveiled by the king 's envoy Oscar Casca , on September 23 , 1934 , in the presence of representatives of the embassies of France , England , Belgium , Italy , Germany , Bulgaria , Romania and Turkey , as well as priests of all four faiths .
The ossuary houses 652 remains of Serbian and 262 soldiers of Central Powers who died and were buried in Čačak region during the First World War .
A total of 914 remains housed in the ossuary .
In April 1941 , Germany and Italy launched an invasion of the Kingdom of Yugoslavia . In 1942 , the German occupation authorities in Čačak ordered the stonecutter Francesca Berbelja to remove religious symbols representing Judaism and the Islamic religion from the Memorial Ossuary .
By removing the Star of David and the crescent moon with the star , the Nazis tried to devalue and make meaningless the existence of the monument and its symbolism .
References
External links
Spomenik za sećanje i ponos - Vi ste svet
Monuments and memorials in Serbia
Serbia in World War I
Serbian military monuments and memorials
Čačak
World War I memorials
`` Angel '' is a song by British pop duo Eurythmics from their seventh studio album , We Too Are One ( 1989 ) . It was written by band members Annie Lennox and David A. Stewart and produced by Stewart and Jimmy Iovine . The song was released as the album 's fourth UK single in May 1990 , and would be the duo 's final single for almost a decade ( discounting the re-release of two older singles the following year ) . It was also released as the second single from the album in the United States .
Lennox said in an interview at the time that the song was inspired by the death of her aunt , as she sings about a woman who has killed herself and now has `` gone to meet her maker '' . The music video , directed by Sophie Muller , features the duo taking part in a seance and running through a burning house , and was not widely seen in the US ( not shown at all on MTV ) supposedly due to several scenes depicting the occult .
`` Angel '' peaked at number 23 on the UK Singles Chart , though failed to chart on the US Billboard Hot 100 .
Lennox re-recorded the song in 1997 for the Diana , Princess of Wales : Tribute album .
Track listings
CD single
`` Angel '' ( Album Version ) – 5:13
`` Missionary Man '' ( Acoustic ) – 3:45
`` Angel '' ( Choir Version ) – 5:48
7-inch single
A . `` Angel '' ( Album Version ) – 5:13
B . `` Angel '' ( Choir Version ) – 5:48
12-inch single
A . `` Angel '' ( Album Version ) – 5:13
B1 . `` Missionary Man '' ( Acoustic ) – 3:45
B2 . `` Angel '' ( Choir Version ) – 5:48
Charts
References
1989 songs
1990 singles
Eurythmics songs
Music videos directed by Sophie Muller
RCA Records singles
Song recordings produced by Jimmy Iovine
Songs written by Annie Lennox
Songs written by David A. Stewart
Alexander Hugo Bakker Korff ( 1824 in The Hague – 1882 in Leiden ) , was a 19th-century Dutch genre painter .
Biography
According to the RKD he was a pupil of the painters Cornelis Kruseman and Huib van Hove who became known for his `` Bakker Korffjes '' - genre pieces of ladies in caps in interiors , that he started painting in 1856 while he was living in Oegstgeest with his sisters as models . He was trained in the 1840s at the Koninklijke Academie van Beeldende Kunsten in the Hague and the Koninklijke Academie voor Schone Kunsten in Antwerp , where he followed lessons by Nicolaes de Keyser , among others . In 1870 he was awarded the title ridder in de Leopoldsorde after his works were presented at an exhibition in Brussels in 1869 , and he was a member of the Pulchri studio who later became board member of the Leids Schilder- en Tekengenootschap Ars Aemula Naturae , an artist collective that dates back to 1799 . His pupils were Dirk Leonardus Kooreman , Jan Hendrik van Rossum du Chattel , Elias Stark , Jan Jacob Zuidema Broos , and Mathilde Tonnet .
See also
Nicaise de Keyser
References
External links
Alexander Hugo Bakker Korff on Artnet
1824 births
1882 deaths
19th-century Dutch painters
Dutch male painters
Artists from The Hague
19th-century Dutch male artists
Corporate warfare is a form of information warfare in which attacks on companies by other companies take place . Such warfare may be part of economic warfare and cyberwarfare ; but can involve espionage , 'dirty ' PR tactics , or physical theft . The intention is largely to destabilise or sink the value of the opposing company for financial gain , or to steal trade secrets from them .
In fiction
In the science fiction genre of cyberpunk corporations guard their data and hire individuals to break into computer systems of their competitors . In the genre pioneered by William Gibson , power is largely in the hands of megacorporations which often maintain their own private armies and security forces and wage corporate warfare against each other .
Cyber
According to Schwartau in corporate information warfare companies are targeted , typically by their competitors . Such warfare may include methods of industrial espionage , spreading disinformation , leaking confidential information and damaging a company 's information systems .
Chris Rouland of the cybersecurity & cyberarms company Endgame , Inc. controversially advocated that private companies should be allowed to `` hack back '' against nations or criminals trying to steal their data . After a wave of high-profile attacks against US companies and government databases a panel of experts assembled by the George Washington University Center for Cyber and Homeland Security said policies should be eased to allow `` active defense '' measures to deter hackers and did not recommend hacking back `` because [ they ] do n't want the cure to be worse than the disease '' . Relevantly on the February 2017 RSA Conference Microsoft President Brad Smith stated that technology companies need to preserve trust and stability online by pledging neutrality in cyber conflict .
The dramatic increase in the use of the Internet for business purposes has exposed private entities to greater risks for cyber-attacks . Garcia and Horowitz propose a game theoretic approach which considers economic motivations for investment in Internet security and investigate a scenario in which firms plan for long-term security investment by considering the likelihood of cyber-attacks .
Botnets may be used to knock business competitors off line . They can be hired by corporations to disrupt the operation of competitors on the networks .
Low-grade corporate warfare is constantly being waged between technology giants by `` patent trolls , insider blogs and corporate talking points '' .
Supply chain attacks in corporate warfare can be called supply chain interdiction .
The term may also refer to the privatization of warfare mainly by the involvement of private military companies .
It has been speculated that the concept of `` non-international armed conflict within the meaning of Article 3 GC I to IV '' of the Fourth Geneva Convention would be wide enough to allow for covering `` a renaissance of corporate warfare '' .
Art
In 2016 a digital illustration series by the German Foreal design studio called `` Corporate Warfare '' visualized the power and impact of big brand corporations by branded torpedoes and atomic bombs . Dirk Schuster , cofounder of Foreal states that `` big corporations can have more power than governments , so we put them in a military context '' .
Sam Esmail , creator of the television series Mr . Robot , states that `` the next world war wo n't be fought with nukes , but with information , economics and corporate warfare .
See also
References
Cyberwarfare
Berkshire School is a private , co-ed boarding school for grades 9 through 12 located in Sheffield , Massachusetts , USA .
History
1907–1943 : Founding and early years
Berkshire School ( for boys ) was established in 1907 at the foot of Mount Everett , one of the highest mountains in Massachusetts , by Seaver Burton Buck , a Harvard graduate who had previously taught at Hackley School . Buck led the school until 1943 . His educational philosophy is reported as a `` Victorian disciplinarian [ who ] was sometimes subverted by a pixieish manner . '' It is also reported that during this period the school `` lacked the prestige of top-drawer prep schools . '' Despite this fact , when Albert Keep became headmaster in 1943 , the school instituted an Education with Wings program , which enabled students to gain a high school diploma and simultaneously prepare for World War II .
1943–1970 : Rapid growth
In 1943 , Delano de Windt , a 1911 graduate of the school , became headmaster . He was soon followed by John E. Godman in 1951 , who increased the school 's enrollment to 330 boys and expanded the faculty to 35 teachers . In 1964 , an arts and science wing was added to Berkshire Hall . In 1969 , Berkshire also enrolled nine girls as day students in what Godman described as `` an experiment '' in coeducation . This led to full-scale coeducation .
1971–1987 : Changes
At the beginning of the 1970s , Robert Minnerly took over as headmaster . Under his leadership , the school restructured its scholastic mission and added new programs in computer science , ethics , health , and environmental science . His successors built on these changes and added new programs of their own . Under James Moore ( 1979 - 1987 ) , Berkshire constructed a 35,000 square foot athletic center and renovated the gymnasium to house a modern library which today boasts 40,000 volumes .
1988–2003 : Dilemmas of a new decade
In 1991 , Richard Unsworth whose previous experience included being the headmaster at Northfield Mount Hermon School became headmaster . During Unsworth headmastership the school introduced co-curricular programs in Chinese and outdoor education though the school 's `` reputation for being lax about drugs '' remained an issue .
Whilst Unsworth incorporated drug-awareness and counseling programs after a series of drug-related incidents he resigned his post . The board of trustees turned to Paul Christopher ( 1996 - 2002 ) , an ethicist and previous head of philosophy at West Point , New York , as the next headmaster to address the renewed public embarrassment around drugs . Drug and alcohol use `` declined dramatically '' under Christopher . In June 2002 Christopher resigned as headmaster `` amidst sexual harassment allegations . ''
A year later , the board of trustees turned to Larry Piatelli ( 2003 ) , a Harvard graduate , to reverse the school 's decline . The Harvard Crimson described Piatelli as a `` strong leader '' and noted that Piatelli `` caused two administrators and two faculty members to follow him to the Berkshire school from their former positions at Albany Academy . ''
After being headmaster for only three and a half months , Piatelli died of a heart attack while playing hockey in Albany , New York , on October 19 , 2003 . Hawley Rogers , a Berkshire graduate , served as interim headmaster for six months .
2004–present : The Berkshire resurgence
Michael J. Maher became head of school in 2004 . During his tenure the school 's admissions applications doubled and the endowment rose to upwards of $ 110 million . The 2011 acceptance rate was 24 % .
In 2008 , the school 's main academic building was reopened after undergoing renovations . A year later , the Jackman L. Stewart Athletic Center was also completed . In 2011 , Berkshire added a new music center and renovated its performing arts facilities .
Maher resigned abruptly on April 22 , 2013 . He was replaced by the school 's former dean of academic affairs Pieter Mulder .
Sustainability
The school is reported as becoming 'green ' .
In 2008 , Berkshire won the Green Cup Challenge for reducing the school 's energy output by 21.05 % .
Interscholastic sports
The school offers 33 athletics .
Berkshire 's athletic teams compete with boarding schools and other private schools throughout New England , including Cushing Academy , Choate Rosemary Hall , Loomis Chaffee , Suffield Academy , Kent School , Pomfret School , South Kent School , The Gunnery , Tabor Academy , Taft School , Salisbury School , Millbrook School , Deerfield Academy , Albany Academy , Canterbury School , Brunswick School , Williston Northampton School , Trinity Pawling , Hotchkiss School , Avon Old Farms , Northfield Mount Hermon , and Forman School .
Campus
In a 2002 article the Boston Globe reported : `` At the foot of Mount Everett , on a serene stretch of woods and fields in an isolated corner of southwestern Massachusetts , sits the Berkshire School . Drive along Undermountain Road in Sheffield , turn up a maple-lined lane and over a little rocky bridge , and there it is : the heart of what must be one of the prettiest campuses in Massachusetts , or anywhere . ''
The school 's buildings are reported as `` tastefully proportioned ivy-covered buildings [ that ] flank manicured lawns . Rustic gray buildings tucked behind leafy copses house almost all of the 64 faculty members . Acres of pristine forest laced with trails rise behind the school . ''
Up the mountain is Guilder Pond , the highest fresh water pond in the state .
Campus facilities
Academic facilities
The Morgan/Bellas/Dixon Math and Science Center is the school 's 48,000-square-foot dedicated in 2012 housing math , science classroom/laboratories , and a teaching auditorium .
The Fine Arts Center opened 2014 in Berkshire Hall at 14,700-square-foot .
The Dixon Observatory which opened in 2000 , houses state-of-the-art equipment that gives students and teachers the opportunity to make detailed observations of both solar system bodies and deep space objects . In addition , the tracking mount and CCD camera allows students to conduct advanced astro-imaging of faint galaxies and nebulae .
Governing structure
In the 1980s the school 's board of trustees numbered 30 .
Notable alumni
Artists , poets , and writers
Stirling Dickinson - expatriate artist
William Matthews - poet and essayist
George Platt Lynes - fashion and commercial photographer
C. D. B. Bryan - author and journalist
Lincoln Kirstein - co-founder of the New York City Ballet
Michael Gutenplan - magician and mentalist
J. P. Davis - screenwriter and actor
E.V . Day - sculptor and installation artist
Kristin Baker - painter
Finance
Peter Kellogg - former CEO of Wall Street specialist firm Spear , Leeds & Kellogg
Industrialists
Harry Gale Nye , Jr. - industrialist , entrepreneur , and world champion sailor
John Hugh MacMillan - businessman
Media
Calvin Tomkins - author and art critic for The New Yorker magazine
Ryan Lizza - CNN contributor and the Washington correspondent for Esquire magazine
Chester Currier - newspaper and magazine columnist and nonfiction book author
Ryan Brandell - Blogger `` Barstool Chief '' of Barstool Sports Chicago . Co-host of Redline Radio Podcast and Sirus XM Barstool Chicago Radio .
Politics
Wynn Underwood - Former Associate Justice of the Vermont Supreme Court and former member of the Vermont House of Representatives
Scientists
William Standish Knowles - Nobel laureate in chemistry
Oliver L. Austin - ornithologist and zoologist
Sports
Conal Groom - Olympian in rowing
Jeff McLaughlin - Olympian in rowing
Kacey Bellamy - ice hockey defenseman
Kendall Coyne - ice hockey forward
Matt Sewell - Canadian football player
Kevan Miller - ice hockey defenseman
Zeiko Lewis - Bermudan soccer player
Jack Harrison - English soccer player
Kevin Rooney - ice hockey forward
Justin Donawa - Bermudan soccer player
Rebecca Russo - ice hockey forward
Jacob Shaffelburg - Canadian soccer player , Toronto FC ( MLS )
References
External links
Boarding School Review
Admissions Quest
The Association of Boarding Schools
Private high schools in Massachusetts
Boarding schools in Massachusetts
Educational institutions established in 1907
Schools in Berkshire County , Massachusetts
1907 establishments in Massachusetts
Namibia held two subnational elections in 2004 . Local Authority Council elections were held on 14 May 2004 . Regional Council elections were held from 29-30 November 2004 .
Results
Local Authority Councils
In the regions of Helao Nafidi and Outapi only the South West Africa People 's Organization ( SWAPO ) fielded any candidates , so no elections were held and all SWAPO candidates were declared elected .
Regional Councils
References
Local and regional elections in Namibia
2004 in Namibia
Namibia
May 2004 events in Africa
Heradi Rashidi ( born 24 July 1994 ) is a Swedish footballer who plays for Brommapojkarna . Previously mainly a right winger or forward , since 2016 he has mainly operated as left wing-back .
Club career
On 4 July 2018 , it was announced that AIK had acquired Rashidi from Dalkurd for an undisclosed fee .
On 15 July 2018 , Rashidi made his debut for AIK against GIF Sundsvall away . In the last minute of added time he scored the only goal of the game , a beautiful shot in the top left corner .
On 22 January 2021 , Rashidi signed for Armenian club Ararat-Armenia making seven appearances for them in all competitions before leaving the club in June 2021 when his contract was n't renewed .
On 14 February 2022 , Rashidi signed with Brommapojkarna in Superettan .
Career statistics
Club
Notes
Honours
AIK
Allsvenskan : 2018
References
1994 births
Living people
Democratic Republic of the Congo footballers
Swedish footballers
Democratic Republic of the Congo emigrants to Sweden
Association football midfielders
Djurgårdens IF Fotboll players
IFK Stockholm players
IFK Aspudden-Tellus players
Akropolis IF players
Dalkurd FF players
Syrianska FC players
AIK Fotboll players
FC Ararat-Armenia players
IF Brommapojkarna players
Ettan Fotboll players
Superettan players
Allsvenskan players
Armenian Premier League players
Swedish expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Armenia
Swedish expatriate sportspeople in Armenia
The fusibility of a material refers to the ease at which the material can be fused together , or to the temperature or amount of heat required to melt a material .
Materials such as solder require a relatively low melting point so that when heat is applied to a joint , the solder will melt before the materials being soldered together melt , i.e . high fusibility . On the other hand , firebricks used for furnace linings only melt at very high temperatures ( and then they retract , or decompose , or become fracture-prone ) and so have low fusibility . Perhaps refractory materials often have low fusibility .
Scientific methods
To find the fusibility of certain compounds/materials , there are 2 methods :
Heat test
The most common test used to determine fusibility is to join two pieces with a variable heat source , increasing the temperature or power used in steps , and testing bond strength for each step . If there is no step with good bond strength after joining , then fusibility is said to be low .
Ash fusibility test
In the context of coal analysis , ash fusibility values of the residual coal ash of a coal are often specified . The values are determined using an empirical method based on the geometrical changes upon heating to a relevant temperature , of a conical ash sample . The fusibility of the ash is of interest because it roughly indicates the properties of the clinker that will be produced during burning .
References
Chemical properties
Craig Hilary Walendy ( born July 11 , 1977 , in New Brunswick , New Jersey ) is a former professional American football fullback for the New York Giants in the National Football League . He played college football for the UCLA Bruins .
External links
Craig Walendy stats
1977 births
Living people
Sportspeople from New Brunswick , New Jersey
American football fullbacks
UCLA Bruins football players
New York Giants players
Juventus Football Club finished second in Serie A and regained the European Cup trophy after 11 years , winning the Champions League final against Ajax 4–2 on penalties in Rome . Juventus also won the Supercoppa Italiana in the late summer of 1995 , before going on to finish second in the league . Following the Champions League title , strikers Gianluca Vialli and Fabrizio Ravanelli were sold to Chelsea and Middlesbrough , respectively . The club also dropped Pietro Vierchowod , Paulo Sousa and Massimo Carrera . Instead , Juventus decided to sign playmaker Zinedine Zidane from Bordeaux , along with young striker Christian Vieri , who signed from Atalanta .
Players
Squad information
Squad at end of season
Left club during season
Competitions
Supercoppa Italiana
Serie A
League table
Results by round
Transfers
Matches
Coppa Italia
Second round
Eightfinals
UEFA Champions League
Group stage
Knockout phase
Quarter-finals
Semi-finals
Final
Statistics
Players statistics
Goalscorers
References
Juventus F.C . seasons
Juventus
UEFA Champions League-winning seasons
Absent Friends may refer to :
`` To absent friends '' , a traditional toast
Absent Friends ( band ) , an Australian band
Absent Friends ( album ) or the title song , by the Divine Comedy , 2004
Absent Friends ( play ) , by Alan Ayckbourn , 1974
`` Absent Friends '' ( Bugs ) , a television episode
`` Absent Friends '' ( Dad 's Army ) , a television episode
Absent Friends , a 2004 novel by S. J. Rozan
See also
`` Absent Friend '' , the Swedish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1965
Andrea Verga ( 20 May 1811 – 21 November 1895 ) was an Italian psychiatrist and neurologist . Verga is remembered for his pioneer work done in the study of the criminally insane , as well as his early research of acrophobia , a condition he personally suffered from .
Biography
Early life and education
Andrea Verga was born in Treviglio ( Bergamo ) on 30 May 1811 , to a modest family . He was the second son of Domitilla Carcano and Giosuè Verga , who worked as a conveyor from Treviglio to Milan . As a child , he did not attend elementary school , but due to his mother 's religious interest , he was initiated into ecclesiastical studies in the seminary . Consequently , he enrolled at the medical faculty of the University of Pavia , in November 1830 . During the earliest years , he was attracted to lessons of the anatomy teacher Bartolomeo Panizza , of whom in 1836 , after graduation , he became an assistant . In the same period , he participated with Giulio Carcano , Cesare Correnti , and other young patriots in the `` Strenna Il Presagio '' , in which he published the short story `` La Fatua '' ( 1836 ) . The love for poetry , the clear and flowing style , and the taste for the curious were characteristic traits of Verga . These stylistic features are remarkable also in his scientific writings , making him fully part of the Italian tradition of medical-literati . The years of assistantship in Pavia ( 1836–1842 ) were fundamental for him . Assisting Panizza deepened his knowledge about the study of human and pathological anatomy , physiology , comparative anatomy and experimental practice , devoting himself to the study of the nervous system . At the age of twenty-six , he went on an educational trip to German-speaking countries . He was also interested in Panizza 's study of comparative anatomy , therefore between 1839 and 1841 he spent long periods of time in Comacchio , studying the reproduction of eels .
At the beginning of Andrea Verga 's professional career
In 1842 , he moved to Milan , where he found employment in the private asylum Villa Antonini ( hospice of San Celso ) , of which in 1847 he was promoted to `` assistant director '' , then beginning his study of mental alienation . He also undertook the practice of general medicine , surgery , and anatomical exercises at the Ospedale Maggiore , collaborating with the new medical journal of Milan , founded by his friend Agostino Bertani and directed by Panizza . He participated in the congresses of Italian scientists . During the 1844 Milan convention , he participated in the Natural and civil news on the Lombardy of Carlo Cattaneo ( whose second volume never came out ) . He wrote his beliefs about the Stabilimenti Pei Pazzi , a matter he previously discussed in the Gazzetta Medica of Milan with the title of Historical notes on the establishments of the madmen in Lombardy . While adhering to the ideals of the `` Risorgimento '' , he did not take part in the Five Days of 1848 in the newly liberated Milan but was still appointed director of the public asylum of the Senavra by the provisional government . In 1849–1850 , following the closure of the University of Pavia , he taught human anatomy in the newly created school of medicine , surgery , and pharmacy in the Ospedale Maggiore . In the following summer of 1850 , he was sent by the same hospital to visit asylums in Switzerland and other European countries to study their organization and evaluate a reform of the Senavra . His experience as an asylum director convinced him more and more of the need to reorganize Italian asylums , transforming them into real tools for the treatment of insanity and into research and teaching centers for the nascent psychiatry , which still did not find space in universities .
Psychiatric appendix - Italian Archive
In 1852 he decided to enrich the Gazzetta Medica with a psychiatric appendix , which became the first Italian periodical expressly dedicated to this discipline . In this period he was appointed director of the Ospedale Maggiore , where he distinguished himself for the reforms of the medical-surgical service as a whole and for the promotion of anatomical-pathological studies .
In 1864 , Verga then transformed the psychiatric appendix into an independent journal , the Italian Archive for nervous diseases and more particularly for mental insanities , directing it together with friends and colleagues Cesare Castiglioni and Serafino Biffi .
A new role in Andrea Verga 's career
In 1865 he had to abandon his institutional work internal reorganization of the Ospedale Maggiore . However , a chair of the doctrine and clinic of mental alienation was established for him in the hospital . He managed to give lectures to doctors and psychiatric conferences open to the public . His fame as a teacher in the newborn medical branch of psychiatry had further approval with his new role as president of the Italian Freniary Society . An organization founded in Rome during the 11th Congress of Italian Scientists . He held the position until 1891 , when he was replaced by Biffi and appointed honorary president . In 1874 , at the Congress of the Society in Imola , the classification of mental illnesses proposed by him was approved , which made it possible to standardize the statistical surveys on the pathologies present in Italian asylums .
Political life
After having founded the Society of Patronage for the Mad Poor of the Province of Milan in 1874 , on 16 November 1876 , he was appointed senator , on the proposal of his friend Correnti and with the support of Prime Minister Agostino Depretis . In Parliament , he undertook to support the bill on asylums and alienated persons and to vote in 1888 for the abolition of the death penalty . Present in many of the political , cultural , and scientific institutions of Milan Verga was for a long time provincial councilor ( 1867–1889 ) , municipal councilor ( 1876–1889 ) , member of the Municipal Health Commission ( 1882–1888 ) , and in the matters of the Institute of Lombard of sciences , letters and arts , he was vice president from 1855 to 1857 and president in the years 1857–1858 and 1864–1865 . During a visit to the asylum in Siena in 1886 , he was injured by an inpatient in the left eye , causing the loss of his sight . Then when in 1892 the Italian Archive for Nervous Diseases merged into the Experimental Journal of Freniatria , founded in Reggio Emilia by Carlo Livi in 1875 , Verga , now in his eighties , passed the baton to Livi 's successor , Augusto Tamburini .
Last years of Andrea Verga 's life
In the last years of his life , he studied the physiology of old age and in 1895 founded a Relief Fund for poor alienists and their families . Andrea Verga died in Milan on 21 November 1895 .
Correspondence with colleagues and friends ( founded after death )
The correspondence with colleagues and friends is very rich , constituting a relevant testimony of the scientific and cultural environment of Milan in the second half of the nineteenth century . The correspondence also includes a significant number of letters addressed to Bartolomeo Panizza , and Natale Contini . Verga 's correspondents include numerous doctors , psychiatrists , naturalists and exponents of the scientific world of the nineteenth century , such as Agostino Bertani , Leonardo Bianchi , Serafino Biffi , Alexandre Brierre de Boismont , Gabriele Buccola , Carlo Cantoni , Filippo De Filippi , Camillo Golgi , Carlo Livi , Cesare Lombroso , Paolo Mantegazza , Scipion Pinel , Augusto Tamburini , Augusto Tebaldi , Tito Vignoli . There are also numerous intellectuals , writers and politicians , including Vittoria Aganoor , Raffaello Barber , Luigi Bodio , Cesare Cantù , Giulio Carcano , Cesare Correnti , Andrea Maffei , Tullo Massarani . The archive also includes a substantial core consisting of medical and scientific writings : notes , observations , manuscripts , drafts and other printed material , which testify the path of studies , the period of the assistantship at the chair of anatomy of the Faculty of Medicine of the University of Pavia and the subsequent career of the alienist as a doctor and psychiatrist .
The role of Verga in criminal asylum
Andrea Verga was one of the main character of the important discussion held in Aversa , 1877 , where were listed the main questions for the past and present psychiatry .
There is a need for a criminal asylum in Italy ? At the time the answer was `` yes '' but of course today it would be `` no '' .
Is an happier denomination feasible ? At the congress of Anversa was proposed the name `` Health and safety asylum '' but was than called `` Manicomio Giudiziario '' . Only in 1975 we arrived to the name O.P.G . ( `` Ospedale Psichiatrico Giudiziario '' ) .
What was the correct number of criminal asylum present in the territory ? There was n't a correct number but going on with time the number of asylum and beds in it started increasing rapidly .
What are the moral and material conditions of criminal asylum ? This one was the question whose answer remained very vague : they knew the aim but not how to achieve it respecting morality .
What are the procedures for admission and discharge of patients from asylums ? In Anversa was decided that the exit from the criminal asylum will be taken place on the basis of a judicial decision based on medical advice .
The Cholera map in the early 19th century
Before becoming a great psychiatrist , Andrea Verga had to face , as a recent graduate doctor , the first cholera epidemic that began to spread in Europe in 1830.The disease reached Italy in the summer of 1835 , spreading rapidly through Piedmont to all the states into which the peninsula was still divided . The whole Bergamo area was very affected by the infections and he paid particular attention to the treatment of cholera in the nearby towns of Arzago and Casirate . He was infected , but managed to survive and a few years later to undertake the career that led him to become the `` father of Italian psychiatry '' . The Verga archive contains various documents relating to cholera , such as this interesting map of the path that the epidemic made in the world from August 1817 to October 1830 .
Archive
Andrea Verga 's archive is kept in the Civic Historical Collections of the Municipality of Milan , from which it was purchased in 1992 on the antiques market , after a long period of stay with the heirs . As noted by Marco Soresina , the Verga archive is the result of `` successive stratifications '' : to the small group of papers written by Bartolomeo Panizza , many documentation has been added . Between 2004 and 2005 , a partial reordering of the material and a consistency list was carried out by Paola Zocchi . In July 2015 , the definitive reorganization and analytical inventorying intervention began , which is concluded in early March 2016 . The whole documentary complex consists of the papers of the psychiatrist Andrea Verga , relating to both his professional activity and his private life . The archive also contains over a hundred medical records and some psychiatric reports , relating to cases of mental alienation followed by Verga himself . Papers also testify to his interest in literature and poetic composition : odes , songs , sonnets , satires , short stories and epistles in verse , fables in Italian , Latin and dialect . In the archive papers there is also ample evidence of the strong emotional bond with his hometown , Treviglio .
Bibliography
Paola Zocchi : Andrea Verga - Treccani Biographic Dictionary , March 29th 2020
Massimo Aliverti : `` La psichiatria italiana tra Ottocento e Novecento : dal manicomio al territorio '' , October 6 , 2015 , Imola pp . 183–190
De Palma Ilaria : `` Andrea Verga Archive '' ( 1698-1908 ) , 2015 , Milane , pp . 4
Paola Bianchi , Nadia Carrisi , Giorgio Sassi , Paola Zocchi : `` Andrea Verga Archive '' - Aspi ( Archivio storico della psicologia italiana ) , March 30th 2016
Bill Long : `` The Development of `` Fear '' Terminology '' ( paragraph 6 , `` Acrophobia '' ) , February 16th 2007
V.P . Babini : `` Tra sapere e potere . La psichiatria italiana nella seconda metà dell'Ottocento '' , 1982 , Bologna
P. Zocchi : `` L'antico museo anatomico dell'ospedale Maggiore di Milano '' , 2005 , Milano , pp . 30–50
Luigi Agostino Casati , Domenico Farini : `` Parliamentary acts - in commemoration to Andrea Verga '' ( Italian Republican Senate site ) , November 22nd 1895 , Rome
P. Zocchi : `` Medicina e Risorgimento nel carteggio tra Andrea Verga ( 1811-1895 ) e Agostino Bertani ( 1812-1886 ) , 2017 , Milano
Wikipedia Archive
Bruno Civello , Luciano Cupelli , Carmine Marinucci , Ida Mercuri , Istituto e Museo di Storia della Scienza : `` Mille Anni di Scienza in Italia '' , 2001 , Rome - MURST
OCLC WorldCat identities : `` Andrea Verga publication timeline '' , 2021
Aspi , Bicocca-Milan University , Historical collections Palazzo Moriggia : Andrea Verga Archive , Milan
Notes
1811 births
1895 deaths
People from Treviglio
Italian psychiatrists
Seventh Avenue Express is the name of the following subway services in New York City :
Seventh Avenue Express-Lenox ( 3 )
Seventh Avenue Express-White Plains Road ( 2 )
Broadway-Seventh Avenue Express , former service between Van Cortlandt Park and Brooklyn
LaPorte County is a county located in the U.S. state of Indiana . As of 2010 , the population was 111,467 . The county seat is the city of La Porte , and the largest city is Michigan City . This county is part of the Northwest Indiana and Michiana regions of the Chicago metropolitan area . The LaPorte County Courthouse is located in the county seat of La Porte and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
History
LaPorte County was formed in 1832 . La porte means `` the door '' or `` the port '' in French . French travelers or explorers so named the area after discovering a natural opening in the dense forests that used to exist in this region , providing a gateway to lands further west .
From 1832 to 1835 LaPorte County had its boundaries and jurisdiction of the land west of it going all the way to the east border of Chicago in Cook County , IL ( land which is now Porter and Lake Counties ) .
Before European-American settlement , all of the land that forms modern-day LaPorte County , and adjacent Starke County to the south belonged to the Potawatomi Indian nation . These Indians were forcibly removed to Kansas by the United States government in 1838 , and many died on what survivors called the Trail of Death .
LaPorte County 's initial European-American settlers were Yankee migrants , that is to say they were from New England or were from upstate New York and had parents who were from New England , and were descended from the English Puritans who settled New England in the colonial era . They were part of a wave of New England settlers moving west into what was then the Northwest Territory after the completion of the Erie Canal through the Mohawk Valley of New York State .
These first settlers in LaPorte County specifically hailed from the Massachusetts towns of Granville , Boston , Bridgewater , West Bridgewater , Andover , Nantucket Island , and Hampshire County ; the Connecticut towns of Colchester , Wethersfield , Granby , and New Haven ; the New Hampshire towns of Bradford , Amherst and Goffstown ; the Vermont villages of Dorset , Albany and Fairfax ; many also came from Orange County , Vermont , Caledonia County , Vermont and Penobscot County , Maine . They were mainly members of the Congregational Church . As result of the Second Great Awakening , many became Baptists and many also converted to Pentecostalism and Methodism . When they arrived in what is now LaPorte County , there was nothing but virgin forest and prairie . The New England settlers cleared roads and brush , developed farms , constructed churches , erected government buildings , and established post routes . As a result of this migration , La Porte County was partially culturally continuous with early New England culture for many years .
But by 1850 , the three Eastern states that had contributed the most residents to LaPorte County were New York , Pennsylvania and Virginia , surpassing those migrants from New England . LaPorte County had the largest number of Southerners north of the Wabash Valley .
During the Civil War , the Louisville Journal noted that the 29th Indiana Regiment ( mustered out of LaPorte ) `` may almost be regarded as a Kentucky regiment for a large majority of its members are either natives or descendants of native Kentuckians '' . Three Union Camps reigned in LaPorte County helping the Union to Civil War victory .
When the county was initially proposed and organized , its boundaries did not extend as far south or east as they do today . A section of land north of the Kankakee River originally belonged to Starke County . However , residents living in that area had difficulty crossing the river in order to reach the rest of the county . It was necessary to travel some distance east to Lemon 's bridge , before making the journey south . Effectively isolated from the rest of Starke County , these residents asked that their land be annexed to LaPorte County , which was completed on January 28 , 1842 . Thereafter , the Kankakee River formed the southern boundary of the county . Finally , on January 10 , 1850 , some twenty sections of land were annexed from St. Joseph County to the east , giving LaPorte County the boundaries that essentially exist to this day .
Whether the correct spelling of the city and county is `` La Porte '' or `` LaPorte '' is disputed , although state law refers to `` LaPorte County . ''
LaPorte County is noted for being the place of the Belle Gunness serial murders . Gunness lived on a farm on the outskirts of the county .
Geography
According to the 2010 census , the county has a total area of , of which ( or 97.56 % ) is land and ( or 2.44 % ) is water . The highest point , at , is in southwestern Galena Township near County Roads East 600 North and North 150 East . The lowest point , at , is along the Lake Michigan shoreline .
Adjacent counties
Berrien County , Michigan ( North/Eastern Time Zone Border )
St. Joseph County ( East/Eastern Time Zone Border )
Starke County ( South )
Jasper County ( Southwest )
Porter County ( West )
National protected area
Indiana Dunes National Park – also in Lake and Porter counties
Major highways
U.S. Route 6
U.S. Route 12
U.S. Route 20
U.S. Route 30
U.S. Route 35
U.S. Route 421
State Road 2
State Road 4
State Road 8
State Road 39
State Road 104
State Road 212
Railroads
Canadian National Railway
Chesapeake and Indiana Railroad
Chicago , Fort Wayne and Eastern Railroad
Chicago South Shore and South Bend Railroad
CSX Transportation
Norfolk Southern Railway
South Shore Line ( commuter rail )
Municipalities
The municipalities in LaPorte County and their populations as of the 2010 Census :
Cities
Towns
Census-designated places
Unincorporated communities
Townships
LaPorte County contains 21 townships , more than any other county in the state . The townships , with their populations as of the 2010 Census , are :
Unincorporated towns
Lakeland
Education
K-12 schools
School districts include :
John Glenn School Corporation
La Porte Community School Corporation
Michigan City Area Schools
New Durham Township Metropolitan School District
New Prairie United School Corporation
South Central Community School Corporation
Tri-Township Consolidated School Corporation
Public libraries
The county is served by five different public library systems :
LaCrosse Public Library
LaPorte County Public Library has its main location in La Porte as well as the Coolspring , Fish Lake , Hanna , Kingsford Heights , Rolling Prairie and Union Mills branches .
Michigan City Public Library
Wanatah Public Library
Westville-New Durham Township Public Library has its main location in Westville .
Hospitals
La Porte Hospital , La Porte – 227 beds
Franciscan Health Michigan City , Michigan City – 310 beds
Climate and weather
In recent years , average temperatures in La Porte have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July , although a record low of was recorded in January 1977 and a record high of was recorded in June 1988 . Average monthly precipitation ranged from in February to in June .
Education
Public schools in LaPorte County are administered by seven different districts :
John Glenn School Corporation
LaPorte Community School Corporation
Metropolitan School District of New Durham Township
Michigan City Area Schools
New Prairie United School Corporation
South Central Community School Corporation
Tri-Township Consolidated School Corporation
Colleges and Universities
Ivy Tech Community College
Purdue University Northwest
Government
The county government is a constitutional body and is granted specific powers by the Constitution of Indiana , and by the Indiana Code .
County Council : The county council is the legislative branch of the county government and controls all the spending and revenue collection in the county . Representatives are elected from county districts . The council members serve four-year terms . They are responsible for setting salaries , the annual budget , and special spending . The council also has limited authority to impose local taxes , in the form of an income and property tax that is subject to state level approval , excise taxes , and service taxes .
Board of Commissioners : The executive body of the county is made of a board of commissioners . The commissioners are elected county-wide , in staggered terms , and each serves a four-year term . One of the commissioners , typically the most senior , serves as president . The commissioners are charged with executing the acts legislated by the council , collecting revenue , and managing the day-to-day functions of the county government .
Court : The county has five elected trial court judges . They include the LaPorte Circuit Court and Superior Courts one through four . The judges are elected to six-year terms on partisan ballots . Superior Courts three and four maintain small claims dockets . Decisions from any trial court may be appealed to the Indiana Court of Appeals . The Circuit Court and Superior court three are located in the city of La Porte ; Superior courts one , two and four are located in Michigan City .
County Officials : The county has several other elected offices , including sheriff , coroner , auditor , treasurer , recorder , surveyor , and circuit court clerk . Each of these elected officers serves a term of four years and oversees a different part of county government . Members elected to county government positions are required to declare party affiliations and to be residents of the county .
LaPorte County is split between Indiana 's 1st and Indiana 's 2nd congressional district and is represented by Jackie Walorski and Frank Mrvan in the United States Congress . It is also part of Indiana Senate districts 5 and 8 and Indiana House of Representatives districts 9 , 17 and 20 .
County elected officials :
Board of Commissioners :
Richard Mrozinski ( R , 1st )
Sheila Brillson Matias ( D , 2nd )
Joe Haney ( R , 3rd )
County Council :
Connie Gramarossa ( R )
Terry L. Garner ( R )
Michael Rosenbaum ( R )
Randall Novak ( D )
Earl Cunningham ( R )
Mike Mollenhauer ( D )
Mark Yagelski ( D )
Elected Officials :
Assessor : Michael R. Schultz ( D )
Auditor : Tim Stabosz ( R )
Clerk : Heather Stevens ( R )
Coroner : Lynn Swanson ( R )
Prosecutor : John Lake ( D )
Recorder : Elzbieta Bilderback ( R )
Sheriff : John T. Boyd ( R )
Surveyor : Anthony C. Hendricks ( D )
Treasurer : Joie Winski ( D )
Demographics
As of the 2010 United States Census , there were 111,467 people , 42,331 households , and 28,228 families residing in the county . The population density was . There were 48,448 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 84.1 % white , 10.8 % black or African American , 0.5 % Asian , 0.3 % American Indian , 2.0 % from other races , and 2.3 % from two or more races . Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 5.5 % of the population . In terms of ancestry , 30.7 % were German , 15.3 % were Irish , 11.5 % were Polish , 8.3 % were English , and 5.9 % were American .
Of the 42,331 households , 31.0 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 48.3 % were married couples living together , 12.8 % had a female householder with no husband present , 33.3 % were non-families , and 27.3 % of all households were made up of individuals . The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 3.00 . The median age was 39.6 years .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 47,697 and the median income for a family was $ 56,679 . Males had a median income of $ 45,537 versus $ 30,774 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 22,599 . About 9.9 % of families and 13.8 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 22.7 % of those under age 18 and 7.1 % of those age 65 or over .
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in LaPorte County , Indiana
Notes
References
External links
Access LaPorte County official community site
Greater LaPorte Chamber of Commerce
Healthy Communities of LaPorte County
Indiana counties
1832 establishments in Indiana
Populated places established in 1832
Northwest Indiana
`` Get Your Hands off My Woman '' is the debut single by the English rock band the Darkness . The song was released in February 2003 as the lead single from the group 's debut studio album , Permission to Land . Although the single went on to win a Metal Hammer `` Golden God '' award for best single , it has become the band 's lowest charting single worldwide . Credited to all four members of the group , the song supposedly reflected personal experiences of lead vocalist Justin Hawkins . `` Get Your Hands off My Woman '' became a sing-along favourite at concerts by the Darkness , in part due to its parodic obscenity . The song was covered by Ben Folds on his 2004 EP Super D .
Track listing
CD single
`` Get Your Hands Off My Woman '' - 3:18
`` The Best Of Me '' - 3:30
`` Get Your Hands Off My Woman '' ( Clean Radio Version ) - 3:07
7 '' Vinyl
`` Get Your Hands Off My Woman '' - 3:18
`` The Best Of Me '' - 3:30
Chart performance
External links
News story on the Darkness , including discussion of `` Get Your Hands off My Woman ''
Review of concert by the Darkness , including `` Get Your Hands off My Woman '' from New Times Broward-Palm Beach
References
2003 debut singles
The Darkness ( band ) songs
2003 songs
Songs written by Justin Hawkins
Songs written by Dan Hawkins ( musician )
Songs written by Ed Graham
Songs written by Frankie Poullain
Atlantic Records singles
The Prison of Migration ( ) is an artistic Albanian film that treats the real situation of the 1990s Albania . It shows the suffering of Albanians away from their country , and trying to stay away from foreign jails of ex-Yugoslavia .
References
1990 films
Albanian historical drama films
Albanian-language films
1990 drama films
1990s historical films
The Mentality of Apes by Wolfgang Köhler is a landmark work in ethology , cognitive psychology and the study of the anthropoid apes . In it the author , a leading gestalt psychologist , showed that chimpanzees could solve problems by insight . The importance of this work was to show there is no absolute dividing line between the human species and their nearest living relative , at least in this respect . It was also a marker in the struggle between behaviourism and cognitive psychology which continued for the following half century . Köhler 's observations and experiments were done on chimpanzees in captivity . Not until Jane Goodall 's work later in the century was the behaviour of chimpanzees in the wild studied in depth .
Publication
The book in English was preceded by important publications in German , which are listed in Henle , Mary 1971.The selected papers of Wolfgang Köhler . New York : Liveright , bibliography 438/9 . The book publications are as follows :
1917 . Intelligenzprüfungen an Anthropoiden . Berlin : Royal Prussian Society of Sciences .
1921 . Intelligenzprüfungen an Menschenaffen . Berlin : Springer ( called a 'second edition ' , but the first was a two-part whole issue journal publication 1918/19 ) .
1925 . The Mentality of Apes . Translated from the second revised edition by Ella Winter . London : Kegan Paul , Trench , Trubner . U.S. edition 1925 by Harcourt , Brace & World . Also included is a translation of Köhler 's long 1921 paper as Some contributions to the psychology of chimpanzees . Appendix , p281342 .
External links
Biology books
Psychology books
1925 non-fiction books
The Meteor class was a pair of two avisos built for the German Kaiserliche Marine ( Imperial Navy ) in the late-1880s and early 1890s . The class comprised two ships : and . Unlike earlier avisos built for the fleet , which were designed to fill a variety of roles , the Meteor class was intended to protect the fleet 's capital ships from torpedo boat attacks . They were armed with a battery of four quick-firing guns . Both vessels suffered from serious problems that rendered them unfit for service , namely poor seakeeping and excessive vibration of their propeller shafts . As a result , they saw little service , with Comets only periods in commission being to test what were unsuccessful attempts to correct the problems . Meteor had a somewhat more active career , serving with the fleet in 1893–1894 and then as a fishery protection ship in 1895–1896 , but she , too , spent most of her existence laid up . Both vessels were decommissioned in 1896 and struck from the naval register in 1911 . Meteor was then used as a barracks ship , while Comet became a storage hulk ; the two ships were broken up in 1919 and 1921 , respectively .
Design
The Imperial Navy began building small avisos in the 1880s to serve in the main fleet in German waters . These vessels were intended to support the battle line , as scouts for the fleet , as flotilla leaders for the fleet 's torpedo boats , and as a screen against enemy torpedo boats . Unlike the contemporary German unprotected cruisers , their designs emphasized offensive capability and high speed rather than a long cruising radius . In 1888 , the German naval command decided that future avisos should be focused solely on defense against hostile torpedo boats . Compared to the earlier s , the Meteor design was slightly smaller and displaced around 25 percent less than the earlier vessels . The primary alterations included a more powerful propulsion system , a new gun armament of quick-firing guns , and slightly thicker armor plating .
Meteor and Comet proved to be failures in service . They suffered from severe vibration and their small size rendered them poor sea boats ; these defects significantly curtailed their careers , and they spent most of their existence in reserve . The Meteor class was the second to last aviso design produced by the Imperial Navy , followed only by ; by the 1890s , German naval designers had taken the best characteristics of the avisos and the contemporary unprotected cruisers and combined them in the of light cruisers , the first vessels of that type of warship .
General characteristics and machinery
Meteor and Comet were long at the waterline and long overall . They had a beam of and a maximum draft of forward . Meteor displaced as designed and up to at full combat load , while Comet was slightly heavier , at and , respectively . Their hulls were constructed from transverse steel frames . Meteor was initially fitted with a single pole mainmast , while Comet had the pole mainmast along with a smaller mast further aft for wireless telegraphy . In 1901–1902 , Meteor was fitted with the second mast as well .
The Meteor-class ships had a crew of 7 officers and 108 enlisted men . The ships carried several smaller boats , including one yawl , one dinghy , and one cutter . They were poor sea boats ; they were very unstable in anything but calm weather . They also vibrated excessively due to severe cavitation , particularly at high speeds . Both ships were , however , very maneuverable vessels . Their metacentric height was .
Their propulsion system consisted of two vertical 3-cylinder triple expansion engines that drove a pair of wide , three-bladed screw propellers . Steam for the engines was provided by four coal-fired locomotive boilers that were trunked into two funnels on the centerline . The ships were equipped with a pair of electric generators with a combined output of at 67 volts . Steering was controlled by a single rudder .
The ships ' propulsion system varied slightly in performance . Meteors engines were rated at for a top speed of , though she exceeded both figures on sea trials , reaching a speed of . Comets engines were rated for and , which she did not exceed on her trials . Both ships had a range of approximately at .
Armament and armor
The ships were armed with four SK L/30 guns placed in single pivot mounts , two side-by-side forward , and two side-by-side aft . The guns were supplied with between 462 and 680 rounds of ammunition , and they had a range of . They also carried three torpedo tubes , one mounted submerged in the bow and the other two in deck-mounted launchers on the broadside . They were supplied with eight torpedoes . Both ships were protected with steel armor . They had a thick deck with thick sloped sides . The conning tower had thick plating on the sides , with a 15 mm thick roof .
Ships
Service history
After Meteor entered service , the problems with her design became apparent ; attempts to remedy the defects and sea trials to determine the efforts ' effectiveness occupied much of the ship 's first two years in service . This period also saw the ship take part in training exercises with the rest of the German fleet . By 1893 , Comet had also entered service , and she also underwent ultimately ineffective modifications following her initial trials . Meteor was employed as a fisheries protection vessel in 1895–1896 , though she proved unsuited to the task , owing to her small size , which limited the amount of coal she could store and thus the amount of time she could remain on patrol in Germany 's coastal waters . As a result , she was withdrawn from that service in late 1896 .
Comet never saw an extended period of active service ; her only periods in commission were to conduct trials after alterations were made to the ship . She , too , was laid up in 1896 ; both ships were reclassified as light cruisers in 1899 and then reduced to harbor guard ships in 1904 . Both were struck from the naval register in 1911 , with Meteor becoming a barracks ship in Kiel and Comet being converted into a storage hulk for naval mines . Meteor and Comet were sold for scrapping in 1919 and 1921 , respectively .
Notes
References
Rathskirchen is a municipality in the Donnersbergkreis district , in Rhineland-Palatinate , Germany .
References
Municipalities in Rhineland-Palatinate
Donnersbergkreis
Dar Bagh ( , also Romanized as Dar Bāgh ; also known as Darreh Bāgh and Deh Bāgh ) is a village in Madvarat Rural District , in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County , Kerman Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 74 , in 21 families .
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
What 's Up is an alternative weekly newspaper circulated every Wednesday in El Paso , Texas , Ciudad Juárez , México , and nearby Las Cruces , New Mexico . The publication is a member of the Alternative Weekly Network . What 's Up prints 30,000 issues and distributes every Wednesday at various locations throughout the region such as local restaurants , cafés , bars , youth centers and retail stores . What 's Up is also delivered with its sister publication El Paso Inc. , El Paso 's business newspaper , to home subscribers . What 's Up , encompassed by El Paso Inc. , is a member of the Better Business Bureau .
History
What 's Up is published by Investor Publications , Inc. , and was founded by Tom and Ellie Fenton and Debra Fraire . The publication promotes why El Paso is a great place to live and everything there is to do and see each week . Areas of content include food , cinema , theater , art , music , and nightlife in El Paso and the surrounding region .
What 's Up was originally published on Thursdays . The print timeline was moved to Wednesdays in order to give readers more time to use the paper to make weekend plans .
Special sections
What 's Up publishes several special issues annually to cover notable El Paso events , including the Sun Bowl football game and Amigo Airsho . What 's Up 's reader 's choice awards , the Best of the Best , also ends in a special issue after a nomination session and voting party every spring . In 2009 , What 's Up also launched What 's Up for Kids , an annual comic-book sized newspaper written for El Paso youth , ages 8 to 13 .
Syndicated content in What 's Up includes News of the Weird and ¡Ask a Mexican ! . Notable musician and native El Pasoan Jim Ward formerly wrote the column From The End Of This Pen , covering music , life , and El Paso itself .
References
External links
Official Website
Alternative Weekly Network
Alternative weekly newspapers published in the United States
Newspapers published in Texas
Mass media in El Paso , Texas
Publications established in 1999
1999 establishments in Texas
William H. Burnham ( 1855–1941 ) was an American educational psychologist , who was a major advocate for promoting good mental hygiene in the education system . He defined this as taking measures to prevent mental problems or disorders to help students learn more effectively .
Biography
William H. Burnham was born in Dunbarton , New Hampshire in 1855 . He received his bachelors ' degree from Harvard in 1882 , and his doctorate from Johns Hopkins in 1888 . He was then recruited by Stanley G. Hall to teach at Clark University , where he stayed until he retired in 1926 . Burnham and Hall worked closely with each other at both Johns Hopkins and Clark studying the education system and development of children .
America was recovering from the Civil War and was in the core of the second industrial revolution while Burnham was in school . During this time there was an increased demand for better education . People were upset and dissatisfied with how secondary schools and colleges were only focusing on producing diplomas and not ‘ capable men ' . As a result , there was a shift in education to focus on the individual development of the student and not just the information they were learning . Since this was Burnham 's area of expertise , he was inspired to study and observe this situation to help improve the education system . He wrote numerous books about how to improve the education system , and how the student as a whole should be the primary concern of teachers and the school .
Contributions
William H. Burnham observed how secondary schools and colleges were primarily concerned about the scholarship product of an individual , and not on how the individual was personally growing . He created guidelines and principles to create a new path of education . He wrote his notes , results , and conclusions into published books and articles . Some of these books are : The History of Education as a Professional Subject , Bibliographies on Educational Psychology , The Normal Mind , and The Group as a Stimulus of Mental Activity . Throughout these books , it is easy to understand that Burnham saw hygiene as a basic and necessary component of education . In these books explained how mental hygiene could be improved and how to achieve it so that all students are successful .
Burnham said that the first step to improvement in mental hygiene is to educate the teachers on the principles of mental health and how to teach it to children . He was determined to teach educators that their main goal should be to promote good mental hygiene in their students and not only focus on their education . Through a questionnaire he gave to students , teachers , and school administrators , Burnham found that teachers also suffered from poor mental health . He identified that the cause was a lack of knowledge and the fact that they had too many students in their classes . He concluded that a reduction in class size , proper training on mental hygiene , and additional time to give their attention to the subject would result in better mental health for both teachers and students .
Once the teachers were better equipped to teach and promote good mental hygiene in students , schools could then emphasize mental hygiene and implement actions to make it happen . In one of his books , The Hygiene of Home Study , Burnham states that giving children work to do at home hinders the child 's individual growth . He explains how home is a place where a child is supposed to explore and develop their individual personality , sending home assignments will result in poorer mental hygiene since they have inadequate time to develop and focus on themselves outside of school . He also highlighted how homework negatively effects performance of the work being done , which he mentions in The Hygiene of Home Study but goes into more detail in The Group as a Mental Stimulus . Burnham explains how studies have shown that individuals perform better when working in a group setting , compared to alone . This suggests that a student 's results from home study are inferior to the results achieved if completed in a classroom with peers .
Another issue Burnham addressed in his most cited book , The Normal Mind , was that to have good mental hygiene , one must have maximum freedom . He explains that everyone is born with good mental health and it is the environment they grow up in , along with their parent 's behavior , that can cause it to deteriorate . He recommends that society , and more specifically parents , should actually take a step back from their kids and let their children make decisions for themselves because control hinders development and good mental health . Leave children alone and stop trying to ‘ ruin ' childhood with adult problems and issues , instead allow them to develop naturally .
Lasting effects
Burnham was a major advocate and publicist for mental hygiene . He was a pioneer and huge supporter of mental hygiene , so his death was a major loss .
References
American psychologists
Johns Hopkins School of Medicine alumni
Clark University faculty
Harvard College alumni
1855 births
1941 deaths
People from Dunbarton , New Hampshire
Köniz Castle ( ) is a castle in the municipality of Köniz of the Canton of Bern in Switzerland . It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance .
History
The castle was originally built as a monastery and church for the college of Augustinian Canons . According to tradition , the church was established by the Burgundian monarchs Rudolph II and Bertha , which places the founding year between 922 and his death in 937 . Archeological excavations have found evidence of an early medieval church below the current structure . The oldest parts of the current building date from the 11th century and the college of Canons is first mentioned in 1208 . The Canons at Köniz were quite powerful and controlled extensive holdings . They had direct authority over five large parishes between the Aare and Sense rivers . The head of the Canons was also the dean over 29 additional parishes in the Diocese of Lausanne .
In 1226 King Henry and Emperor Frederick II gave Köniz to the Teutonic Knights as a Commandery . However , many local nobles and religious leaders objected to this sudden transfer . For almost twenty years the ownership of the monastery and its extensive landholdings and rights were tied up in courts . Finally in 1243 a bishop 's court ruled in favor of the Knights . The population of Bern boycotted services in Köniz for another ten years , until 1253 . During the 13th and 14th centuries the Commandery gained authority over the parish in Bern itself as well as other nearby parishes . The Commandery never had very many knights or lay brothers in residence , but most of the knights came from noble families in Switzerland .
In 1388 Bern acquired control over the county of Aarburgund , which included Köniz . This gave the Commandery religious control over Bern , while Bern had secular control over Köniz and the Commandery . For the next century , Bern struggled to regain religious authority over itself . The first step was beginning construction of the Bern Minster in 1421 . In 1485 they established the college of Canons of St. Vincent and separated from the Commandery .
In 1528 , Bern adopted the new faith of the Protestant Reformation and attempted to secularize the religious houses throughout the Canton . The Knights of the Commandery fled Köniz and refused the give up the rights to the building and their estates . In the following year , Bern annexed the Commandery buildings . However , in 1542 , the powerful Teutonic Order forced Bern to return the buildings in Köniz . They offered to sell it back to Bern in 1552 , but the city judged it too expensive . The Knights continued to collect rents from their lands , but lost their military and judicial authority .
In 1610 the main building was rebuilt and renovated . A west wing was added to the building in 1664 . A granary was added in 1724 . In 1729 , the Canton of Bern decided to buy the buildings from the Knights and converted it into a district administration building . The Canton completely renovated it in 1785-87 . Following the 1798 French invasion and the creation of the Helvetic Republic the district was dissolved and the building was used by several different institutions . It was an educational institution for boys from 1836–75 , then for girls from 1875-89 . In 1825 the west wing became the parsonage for the former monastery church . In 1890 it became an institution for the blind , which operated until 1919 . From 1925 until 1994 it was a girls ' home and school .
In 1994 it was sold to the community and part of it was converted into an artist 's space , art gallery and meeting center , known as the Kulturhof . In December 2011 the municipality voted to create the Schlosszone Köniz , a mixed use zone that includes the church , castle buildings , cemetery and green spaces . The Schlosszone will allow both businesses to develop in the area and help fund the restoration and maintenance of the historic buildings . Today the Swiss Reformed parish of Köniz uses the Commandery church as a parish church . The castle buildings house a restaurant , a music school , the Bern School Museum and the Kulturhof .
The commandery church
Portions of the nave were built in the Romanesque style in the 11th century , above an earlier church . In the 13th century the nave was extended and a bell tower was added on the north side . A new choir was added to the building in 1310 . In the 16th century the church was rebuilt in the late-Gothic style . New windows were added to the southern nave wall and the ceilings were redone . A strip painting showing three saints is still visible from that project . After the Protestant Reformation , much of the art and sculpture were removed from the building . At some point before the castle was sold to Bern in 1729 , the church choir was redone in the Baroque style . The entire building was renovated again in 1781-87 . During the renovation , an organ loft and a five-part organ case were added by Karl Josef Maria Bosshardt . In 1937 , Ernst Linck and Leo Steck added stained glass windows that represented the history of the church of Köniz . The most recent renovation was in 1981-83 .
List of the Komtur of Köniz
Heinrich , um 1241 , 1262
Burkard , 1256
Goezinus , 1263
Konrad von Fischerbach , 1268 , 1292
Burkard von Schwanden , 1275
Volpert , 1277
Heinrich von Blansingen , 1279
Werner Fasser , 1309 , 1319
Konrad Küchlin , 1310
Otto von Schliengen , 1312
Konrad von Sigolsheim , 1319-1322
Peter von Strassburg , 1325-1329
Konrad von Kramburg , 1331-1338
Ulrich von Dettingen , 1344
Hartmann von Ballwil , 1345-1346
Heinrich von Dettingen , 1348-1355
Mangold von Brandis , 1356
Roman von Kuchimeister , 1356
Werner von Brandis , 1357
Ulrich von Königsegg , 1357/1358
Franz Senno , 1364 , 1398
Vinzenz von Bubenberg , 1365-1368
Friedrich von Ebersberg , 1368
Günther von Strassburg , 1373-1376
Arnold Schaler , 1377-1379
Johann von Gerstungen , 1386-1388
Johann Böcklin , 1392
Henmann von Erlach , 1408-1414
Daniel von Schletten , 1418 , 1430
Hans von Neuenhausen , 1442-1444
Hans Truchsess von Rheinfelden , 1445-1451
Henmann von Erlach , 1452-1454
Rudolf von Rechberg , 1460 , 1476
Andreas Schmitt , 1462
Christoph Reich von Reichenstein , 1485 , 1500
Rudolf von Andlau , 1497
Rudolf von Friedingen , 1503-1519
Albrecht von Breitenlandenberg , 1519-1523
Hans Heinrich von Vogt von Altensumerau und Prasberg , 1523-1528
Gallery
See also
List of castles in Switzerland
References
External links
Castle Website
Pictures of Köniz Castle
Cultural property of national significance in the canton of Bern
Castles in the Canton of Bern
Köniz
Chishili ( ; Dargwa : ЧӀишили ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) in Dakhadayevsky District , Republic of Dagestan , Russia . The population was 551 as of 2010 .
Geography
Chishili is located 5 km southeast of Urkarakh ( the district 's administrative centre ) by road . Urkarakh and Buskri are the nearest rural localities .
Nationalities
Dargins live there .
References
Rural localities in Dakhadayevsky District
Ellam Chettante Ishtam Pole is a 2015 Indian Malayalam-language film directed by Haridas , featuring Manikandan Pattambi , Charulatha , Sasi Kalinga and Sunil Sugatha , It was produced by Dr Sudhakaran Nair and scripted by Haneefa Ambadi .
Cast
Manikandan Pattambi as Govindhan Kutty
Sunil sukhadha as Veluthambi
Kalinga Sasi
Balachandran Chullikkadu
Siddharth Shiva
E.A Rajendran
Hareesh Perumanna
Master Vivas
Vijyan Karanthoor
Charulatha
Sona Heiden
Lakshmi Sharma
Soniya
Yamini Bhaskar
Manka Mahesh
Manju
Sandra Shekhar
Manjusha Sajish
References
https : //www.imdb.com/title/tt4384386/reference
2010s Malayalam-language films
Note on spelling : `` While most Americans use `` er '' ( as per American spelling conventions ) , the majority of venues , performers and trade groups for live theatre use `` re . '' `` Theatre '' references the artform . `` Theater '' references the venue in which that artform is performed .
Theatre in Omaha has existed since the founding of the city in 1856 . Nationally notable actors have come from the city . There are active community theatres , and some theatres and acting companies have reached national prominence .
Theatres
Omaha is home to the Omaha Community Playhouse . It is the largest , one of the most famous , and one of the best-endowed community theaters in the United States . It produces its own season of plays and musicals . The city has a number of other long-standing theatres , including the Orpheum Theater and the Rose Theater . And The Sokol Auditorium are booked for dramatic performances or touring productions occasionally , as well . Other theatres in Omaha include the Blue Barn Theatre , Holland Performing Arts Center , Ralston Community Theatre , and Papillion-LaVista Community Theatre
The Magic Theatre has provided a space for experimental theatre in the city for more than 30 years . The John Beasley Theater & Workshop produces contemporary plays as well as providing many aspects of theater training in the Near North Side community . The Chanticleer Community Theater in neighboring Council Bluffs , Iowa also serves the greater metropolitan area . The Grande Olde Players Theater Company has been performing throughout the city for some time , as well . The Shelterbelt Theatre focuses on the development of original theatrical works and provides practical theater education to playwrights , performers , creative and technical staff .
Actors and actresses
These are actors who were either born in Omaha or lived there for an extensive period of time .
Craig Anton—actor , comedian
Adele Astaire—dancer , entertainer
Fred Astaire—dancer , actor
John Beasley—actor
Marlon Brando—actor
Montgomery Clift—actor
James M. Connor—actor
Nicholas D'Agosto—actor
Adam DeVine—actor , comedian
David Doyle—actor
Mary Doyle—actress
Henry Fonda—actor
Jane Fonda—actress
Peter Fonda—actor
Jorge Garcia—actor
Hallee Hirsh—actress
Jay Karnes-actor
Jaime King—actress , model
Chris Klein—actor
Swoosie Kurtz—actress
Dorothy McGuire—actress
Nick Nolte—actor
Alexander Payne—screenwriter/director
Anne Ramsey—actress
Andrew Rannells—actor
Gabrielle Union—actress
Julie Wilson—actress
Johnny Carson—talk show host/comedian
See also
Culture in Omaha , Nebraska
Theatres in Omaha ( category )
References
External links
Theatre Arts Guild - Omaha Metropolitan Area website .
Shelterbelt Theatre website .
John Beasley Theater & Workshop website
Theatres in Nebraska
Culture of Omaha , Nebraska
Omaha
Omaha
Shivanand Siddaramgouda Patil is an Indian politician from the state of Karnataka . He was also a minister in Second H. D. Kumaraswamy ministry .
Constituency
He represents the Basavana Bagevadi constituency .
References
External links
Karnataka Legislative Assembly
Living people
Karnataka MLAs 2018–2023
1964 births
Indian National Congress politicians from Karnataka
Gurudwara Paonta Sahib , is a noted Gurudwara in Paonta Sahib , District of Sirmaur , Himachal Pradesh .
This Gurdwara was built in memory of Guru Gobind Singh ji , the tenth guru of sikhs . The Gurdwara enjoys a high historic and religious importance among the followers of the Sikh religion world over . The Gurudwara have a palanquin `` Palki '' made of pure gold , donated by devotees .
Shri Talab Asthan and Shri Dastar Asthan are the vital places inside the Sikh shrine . Shri Talab Asthan is used for disbursing salaries and Shri Dastar Asthan is used for organizing the turban tying competitions . A legendary temple is also attached to the Gurudwara which is rebuilt recently in the vicinity of Gurudwara compound . Kavi Darbar , a prominent place near the Gurudwara is the venue for holding the poetry competitions . The weapons and pens used by Guru Gobind Singh Ji are displayed in a museum near the Paonta Sahib Gurudwara .
The Gurudwara is visited by tourists from different states . The site is situated on the bank of River Yamuna . This gurudwara serves langar ( parshada ) for all . The pure beauty of gurudwara signifies that God is one and we all are its children .
Another place of religious and historical importance is the Gurdwara built at Bhangani Sahib , about 1 km from Gurdwara Tir Garhi Sahib . With its proximity to the river Yamuna , the whole area presents a picturesque sight .
References
External links
Official website
Other website
Gurdwaras in Himachal Pradesh
Buildings and structures in Sirmaur district
Chime Financial , Inc. is an American financial technology company which provides fee-free mobile banking services that are provided by The Bancorp Bank or Stride Bank , N.A . Account-holders are issued Visa debit cards or credit cards and have access to an online banking system accessible through the company 's website or via its mobile apps . Chime earns the majority of its revenue from the collection of interchange fees .
Chime has no physical branches and does not charge monthly or overdraft fees , nor does it require an opening deposit or minimum balance to open a free checking account . As of February 2020 , Chime had 8 million account holders . Bank accounts that are provided via Chime 's partners are FDIC insured up to the standard maximum deposit insurance amount of $ 250,000 .
History
Chime was founded by Chris Britt ( CEO ) and Ryan King ( CTO ) in 2012 in San Francisco , California as an alternative to traditional banking with a mission of creating financial peace of mind . The company launched publicly on April 15 , 2014 on the Dr. Phil Show . As of 2020 , Chime has raised $ 1.5 billion in private funding .
In 2018 , Chime acquired Pinch , a startup focused on helping millennials and young adults build their credit scores by reporting on-time rent payments to credit bureaus . Pinch 's co-founders joined Chime 's team as a part of the acquisition .
On October 16 , 2019 , Chime experienced a service outage leaving users without access to their deposits . The issue was resolved the next day .
In January 2020 , Chime announced a partnership with the Dallas Mavericks as their jersey sponsor as a part of a multi-year deal .
In April 2020 , in response to the financial strain of the COVID-19 pandemic , Chime announced a pilot program to provide users who e-filed tax returns with the IRS a $ 1,200 advance on the Economic Stimulus Payment via SpotMe , Chime 's fee-free overdraft product . Chime later announced the successful processing of over $ 375,000,000 in stimulus payments 1 week ahead of the scheduled government disbursement date .
In May 2021 , the company agreed to stop using the term `` bank '' in marketing per complaints by the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation .
In February 2022 , Chime along with Meta Platforms sued 2 Nigerians accused of impersonating Chime on social media platforms .
In February 2022 , Chime announced it would delay its IPO until later in 2022 .
Account closures
In July 2021 , ProPublica published an article detailing Chime 's record of closing customer accounts without notice or explanation , sometimes refusing to return customer deposits . Chime has attributed the closures to the accidental byproduct of fraud prevention .
Funding
In August 2021 , Chime Financial raised $ 750 million in a series G funding round , led by investor Sequoia Capital Global Equities . This values the company at about $ 25 billion .
Products
Chime offers various fee-free banking products , including checking accounts with no minimum balance , an automated savings feature , and early wage access .
In September 2019 , Chime launched SpotMe , a fee-free overdraft service where customers can overdraw their accounts up to $ 100 without incurring an overdraft fee ; once the overdraft limit is reached , purchases will be declined but no traditional negative balance fees charged .
Chime launched Credit Builder in June 2020 , a credit card designed to help consumers build their credit history .
See also
Financial technology
Challenger bank
Payment card industry
References
Financial technology companies
American companies established in 2012
Financial services companies based in California
Financial services companies established in 2012
Companies based in San Francisco
Neobanks
Philip Livingston ( 1716–1778 ) was an American merchant and statesman , and a signer of the Declaration of Independence .
Philip Livingston may also refer to :
Philip Livingston ( 1686–1749 ) , New York City landowner
Philip Livingston ( RAF officer ) ( 1893−1982 ) , Canadian Royal Air Force officer
Philip Livingston Magnet Academy , a former school in Albany , New York
Saul Raphael ( also spelled Rafael ) Landau ( ; 1870–1943 ) was a Polish Jewish lawyer , journalist , publicist and Zionist activist .
Life
Landau was born in 1870 in Kraków .
Between 1893 and 1895 he lectured in Polish language and literature at the newly opened ( Israelite Theological School ) in Vienna . In February 1896 , he became acquainted with Theodor Herzl and became an enthusiastic colleague of his and for a short time one of his closest confidants . He took over the editing of the Zionist weekly Die Welt , which appeared for the first time on 4 June 1897 . At the same time , he became a correspondent for the London weekly Jewish Chronicle . After tensions developed between Landau and Herzl , he had to hand over the editorial management of Die Welt to in October 1897 . In May 1898 , Landau founded an independent socialist Zionist organization called `` Achwah '' ( ) and as its organ , the monthly Der jüdisch Arbeiter ( August 1898 to June 1899 ) . In 1907 , he began to publish the Neue National-Zeitung ( as a continuation of the Jüdisch Volksblatt ) until 1916 , when he was drafted into military service . From 1900 and after , he worked mainly as a lawyer . In 1938 , he emigrated to London and in 1941 to the United States .
He died on 16 July 1943 , in New York City .
Works
Sionizm , 1897 . ( in Polish )
Der Polenklub und seine Hausjuden : Grundlinien der jüdischen Volkspolitik in Österreich , 1907 . ( in German )
Sturm und Drang im Zionismus : Rückblicke eines Zionisten vor , mit und um Theodor Herzl , Vienna : 1937 ( in German ) – memoir , includes correspondence with Herzl
References
External links
1870 births
1943 deaths
20th-century memoirists
20th-century Austrian lawyers
Jews from Galicia ( Eastern Europe )
Jewish journalists
Zionist activists
Writers from Kraków
Jewish emigrants from Austria to the United Kingdom after the Anschluss
Naram ( ) in Iran may refer to :
Naram , Mazandaran
Naram , South Khorasan
Sex Workers Outreach Project-USA ( SWOP-USA ) is a national social justice network dedicated to the fundamental human rights of sex workers and their communities , focusing on ending violence and stigma through education and advocacy . The organization was founded by Robyn Few on August 13 , 2003 , and their first major action was to organize the first annual International Day to End Violence Against Sex Workers ( December 17 ) with the Green River Memorial for the victims of Gary Ridgway , the `` Green River Killer '' .
History
The original Sex Workers Outreach Project ( SWOP ) was founded in Australia and the United States ( US ) SWOP has developed into the largest sex worker rights organization in the country , with chapters active in Tucson , Arizona ; Michigan ; Chicago , Illinois ; Las Vegas , Nevada ; Los Angeles/UCLA , California ; Sacramento , California ; San Francisco , California ; Denver , Colorado ; New York City , New York ; Seattle , Washington ; New Orleans ; and Louisiana
Activities
In 2004 , SWOP spearheaded a voter ballot initiative to decriminalize prostitution in Berkeley , California . Other work focused on amending so-called `` protective '' legislation , like the Trafficking Victims Protection Act ( TVPA ) of 2000 ( and its reauthorization in 2005 with the new `` End Demand '' provisions ) , with the goal being to increase its efficacy in protecting trafficking victims , while decreasing the number of arrests of independent sex workers who have never been victims of human trafficking .
In April 2014 , SWOP-Chicago activists attended a rally at the JW Marriott hotel in Chicago , where Amnesty International USA held its Human Rights Conference . The activists addressed a protest by a group that included Attorney General Lisa Madigan , former sex workers and others opposed to Amnesty International USA 's discussion on the decriminalization of sex work . Donald Bierer , chairman of Amnesty USA 's Priority Subcommittee , stated to the media : `` We think it 's great that people are having that conversation publicly in Chicago . This is what democracy looks like . What we 're hearing from both of these groups will inform whatever Amnesty ultimately does and says about the human rights of those who are engaged in sex work . ''
SWOP-Chicago has provided a variety of resources over the years including a monthly sex worker support group , free legal services , a warm line , trainings for providers and social service agencies working , social and community engagement events , street outreach , and sex worker art shows .
SWOP Sacramento was established by Kristen DiAngelo and Stacey Swimme on June 27 , 2014 , and is dedicated to reducing harm , improving healthcare , and upholding both the civil and human rights of sex workers and their communities . Its focus is on ending violence and stigma through education and advocacy . It addresses the health and well-being of both trafficking victims and those engaged in survival sex .
In conjunction with Safer Alternatives through Networking and Education ( SANE ) , SWOP Sacramento conducted a needs assessment of sex workers in Sacramento . It found significant problems with homelessness , trafficking and survival sex by an underserved population . SWOP Sacramento has developed a program called Better Lives through Bundles that raises money to provide basic needs items for sex workers working on the street .
See also
Decriminalizing sex work
Prostitution and the law
Sex workers ' rights
References
External links
Main SWOP-USA website
SWOP-Chicago website
SWOP-New York website
SWOP-Sacramento website
SWOP Behind Bars
Civil liberties advocacy groups in the United States
Human rights organizations based in the United States
Organizations established in 2003
Political advocacy groups in the United States
Prostitution in the United States
Sex industry in the United States
Sex worker organizations in the United States
Social justice organizations
Post Office Hill ( ) is a prominent hill in Antarctica , 430 m , standing 4 nautical miles ( 7 km ) northwest of The Knoll and overlooking the Adelie penguin rookery of Cape Crozier , Ross Island . Mapped and so named by the New Zealand Geological Survey Antarctic Expedition ( NZGSAE ) , 1958–59 , because the ship Discovery , in January 1902 , left messages attached to a pole in a cairn of rocks in the rookery for the relief ship Morning .
References
Hills of Ross Island
The Journal of Research in Nursing is a bimonthly peer-reviewed nursing journal that covers the field of nursing . The editors-in-chief are Andree Le May ( University of Southampton ) and Ann McMahon . The journal was established in 1996 and is published by Sage Publications .
Abstracting and indexing
The journal is abstracted and indexed in Applied Social Sciences Index & Abstracts , British Nursing Index , and CINAHL .
External links
SAGE Publishing academic journals
English-language journals
General nursing journals
Bimonthly journals
Publications established in 1995
This is a list of defunct airlines of Belgium .
See also
List of airlines of Belgium
List of airports in Belgium
References
Belgium
Airlines
Airlines , defunct
Helen Rosaline Ashton Jordan ( 18 October 1891 – 27 June 1958 ) was a British novelist , literary biographer and physician .
Life
Helen Rosaline Ashton was born in Kensington , London , the daughter of Emma Burnie and Arthur Jacob Ashton , KC , Recorder of Manchester . Her brother was Sir Leigh Ashton , director of the Victoria and Albert Museum .
She wrote her first novel in 1913 , Pierrot In Town , . During World War I , she nursed as a VAD , and over the course of the war she wrote three novels .
After the war , Ashton studied medicine , qualifying from the London Hospital in 1921 and graduating M.B. , B.S . in 1922 . She was then a house physician at Great Ormond Street Hospital until she married Arthur Jordan , a barrister , in 1927 . After her marriage , Ashton retired from medicine but continued to write .
Over 43 years she published 26 books , which included several literary biographies , such as I Had A Sister ( written with Katharine Davies in 1937 - a study of Mary Lamb , Dorothy Wordsworth , Caroline Herschel and Cassandra Austen ) , William and Dorothy ( 1938 ) , and Parson Austen 's Daughter ( 1949 ) amongst others . Her first major fictional success was Doctor Serocold ( 1930 ) in which she was able to draw upon her medical knowledge . Also included amongst her fictional works were Bricks and Mortar ( 1932 ) , republished in 2004 by Persephone Books , and Yeoman 's Hospital ( 1944 ) , on which the 1951 film White Corridors was based .
She died at 66 , on 27 June 1958 in Lechlade .
References
External links
Author profile at Persephone Books
1891 births
1958 deaths
British women novelists
20th-century British novelists
20th-century British women writers
The Porch Fields is an area of medieval farmland outside Trim , Ireland with a medieval roadway that forms a National Monument .
Location
The Porch Fields are a green area in Trim , located on the north bank of the River Boyne , between the old town wall and Sheep Gate to the west and Newtown Abbey to the east .
History
The Porchfield lies between the Anglo‐Norman town of Trim founded c. 1180 and the rural borough of Newtown Trim founded c. 1220 . The two towns were connected through the open field via a medieval sunken lane road about 1 km ( ⅔ mile ) in length . The new burgesses were awarded of land each . They used ridge and furrow agriculture to grow crops , and each narrow strip was one perch ( 5 m / 16½ feet ) wide — this may is how the Porch Fields acquired their name . However , it could also derive from the French porte meaning `` door '' , referring to the Sheep Gate . The name `` Portual Field '' appears on a nineteenth-century map .
It is claimed that Oliver Cromwell 's troops made camp on the Porch Fields before the 1649 Siege of Drogheda .
References
National Monuments in County Meath
Trim , County Meath
The 2020 Hungarian Grand Prix ( officially known as the Formula 1 Aramco Magyar Nagydíj 2020 ) was a Formula One motor race held on 19 July 2020 at the Hungaroring in Mogyoród , Hungary . The race was the third round of the 2020 Formula One World Championship , the 36th running of the Hungarian Grand Prix and the 35th time the race had been run as a World Championship event since the inaugural season in . Lewis Hamilton was the defending race winner and the eventual winner of this Grand Prix , Hamilton 's second successive win of the 2020 season and his eighth at the Hungaroring .
Background
Impact of the COVID-19 pandemic
On the provisional 2020 calendar , published in 2019 , the Hungarian Grand Prix was pencilled in for 2 August . However , due to the COVID-19 pandemic , the FIA reshuffled the calendar . The Hungarian Grand Prix was moved to 19 July swapping places with the .
Prior to the race , concerns were raised regarding Hungary 's strict coronavirus restrictions , which include the threat of fines and imprisonment for personnel who do not comply . Further to this Scuderia Ferrari team principal Mattia Binotto revealed he had spoken about the need to follow the FIA 's own COVID-19 safety protocols to both of his drivers after both were found to have breached the rules on separate occasions during the first two race weekends in Austria with the threat of sporting sanctions ( including being removed from the event entry list ) by race stewards a possibility for further breaches . Binotto stated he expects the drivers to pay closer attention to these rules going forward .
Championship standings before the race
After the second round , the , Valtteri Bottas led the championship by 6 points from his teammate and defending champion Lewis Hamilton , with Lando Norris of McLaren a further 11 points behind in third place . In the Constructors ' Championship , defending champions Mercedes led the championship with 80 points , McLaren was in second with 39 points , with Red Bull Racing in third with 27 points . Racing Point was 4th with 22 points , with Scuderia Ferrari in 5th with 19 points following a double retirement for the team at the Styrian Grand Prix .
Entrants
The drivers and teams were the same as the season entry list with no additional stand-in drivers for the race . Robert Kubica took part in the first practice session for Alfa Romeo Racing in place of Kimi Räikkönen .
Tyre choices
The Hungarian Grand Prix used the C2 , C3 and C4 combination of tyres , the second , third , and fourth hardest compounds available . The same compound selection as was used in the first two races of the season at the Red Bull Ring .
Practice
The first practice session was topped by Lewis Hamilton and then Valtteri Bottas , both of Mercedes , followed by Sergio Pérez and then Lance Stroll , both of Racing Point . Pierre Gasly was unable to set a lap time due to issues with his power unit .
Second practice was run in the wet and ended with Sebastian Vettel fastest for Ferrari ahead of Bottas and McLaren 's Carlos Sainz Jr. , in a session where only 13 drivers set a time . The third practice session ended with Bottas the fastest ahead of Hamilton and Pérez .
Qualifying
The start of qualifying was marked by most of the cars immediately exiting the pit lane , as there was a chance of rain ( as it happened , the rain was very light , and there was no need for non-slick tyres ) . Characteristically , the grip on the Hungaroring circuit increased dramatically over the session , especially in Q1 . The five drivers knocked out in the session were Kevin Magnussen , Daniil Kvyat , Romain Grosjean , Antonio Giovinazzi and Kimi Raikkonen - the latter two both driving for Alfa Romeo and achieving the worst qualifying results this season for the team by locking out the back row of the grid with Giovianzzi qualifying 19th and Raikkonen 20th and last . The former world champion Raikkonen was also knocked out in Q1 for the fourth consecutive race , the first time in his career this had happened . Conversely , both Williams drivers ( George Russell and Nicholas Latifi ) managed to make it out of Q1 , the first time the team had achieved this since the 2018 Italian Grand Prix .
In Q2 , the five drivers knocked out were Daniel Ricciardo , Russell , Alexander Albon , Esteban Ocon and Latifi - for the latter , the highest grid placement at that time in his career . Albon , in his Red Bull Racing car , struggled with handling difficulties , and failed to reach Q3 . Although Pierre Gasly 's AlphaTauri ran out of power near the end of the session , his time set earlier would be enough to reach Q3 , where he would not complete a flying lap .
Lewis Hamilton took pole by over one-tenth of a second from his Mercedes teammate Valtteri Bottas , achieving the team 's first front-row lockout of the season . Racing Point managed to lock out the second row of the grid for the first time since their debut at the 2018 Belgian Grand Prix ; the team was delighted with third for Lance Stroll and fourth for Sergio Perez . Next came the two Ferraris of Sebastian Vettel and Charles Leclerc , with the team 's highest qualifying result of the season , and continuing Vettel 's record of qualifying fifth or higher at the circuit every year since 2008 . Like his teammate , Max Verstappen struggled in his Red Bull , and having been forecast prior to the race to be a possible contender for the win , only managed seventh , ahead of Lando Norris and Carlos Sainz Jr , both driving for McLaren with Gasly in tenth .
Qualifying classification
Race
Pre-race
Max Verstappen crashed on the way to the grid , damaging his front wing and suspension . His car was repaired prior to the formation lap and he started from his original grid position .
At the start of the formation lap all drivers but one were on the intermediate tyres with Magnussen on full wets . During the formation lap , both Haas cars entered the pits and swapped from intermediate and wet tyres to slicks .
The race started in damp conditions with further rain forecast during the race .
Race report
At the start of the race , Valtteri Bottas , starting second in his Mercedes , moved slightly before all five lights went out ; Bottas said afterwards that he had reacted to lights on his steering wheel rather than the actual lights . As the movement was so small , the sensors that determine a jumped start did not pick it up , and thus Bottas was not penalised by the stewards ; however , he had damaged his own launch and consequently lost four places on the first lap . With the track drying swiftly , drivers quickly came into the pits for slick tyres - as both Haas cars were already on the medium compound , they did not have to pit , and were in third and fourth by lap 8 . By lap 9 , polesitter Lewis Hamilton had already gained seven seconds on second placed Verstappen . Having already spun at turn one on lap 5 , Nicholas Latifi of Williams received a five-second time penalty for an unsafe release in the pits , where he almost collided with the McLaren of Carlos Sainz Jr .
On laps 9 and 10 , Bottas duelled with Charles Leclerc 's Ferrari for sixth place , eventually getting past at turn one , with Leclerc complaining about his soft compound tyres . On lap 13 , Sebastian Vettel in the other Ferrari lost eighth place to Alexander Albon of Red Bull , after running wide at Turn 12 . Pierre Gasly in his AlphaTauri retired on lap 15 , due to an engine problem that had affected him throughout the weekend . By lap 25 , the top 10 ran thus : Hamilton , Verstappen , Lance Stroll , Bottas , Kevin Magnussen , Romain Grosjean , Albon , Vettel , Sergio Pérez , and Daniel Ricciardo .
On lap 30 , Ferrari , betting on there being no rain , had Vettel pit for hard tyres . This became the view of all the teams in the next few laps , and all of the drivers pitted for new slick tyres . Three laps later , Leclerc was involved in another close fight , this time with Lando Norris for 13th . After Hamilton 's pit stop on lap 40 , his lead over Verstappen stood at over 20 seconds . This was enough time for him to pit near the end of the race onto soft tyres , so he could set the fastest lap of the race , a 1:16:627 . In the final few laps , Albon overtook Vettel for fifth place , and Sainz overtook the other Ferrari of Leclerc for tenth ( Sainz would later be promoted to ninth following a penalty for Magnussen ) . On the final lap , Bottas had a chance to overtake Verstappen for second place ; he was not , however , able to get past .
Post-race
Kevin Magnussen and Romain Grosjean each received a ten-second penalty for a breach of rules regarding formation lap radio messages instructing the drivers to pit and change tyres , which , in turn , contravened the rule that the driver `` must drive the car alone and unaided '' . The penalty dropped Magnussen from ninth to tenth , and Grosjean from fifteenth to sixteenth . Alexander Albon was also investigated by the stewards as it was believed that his team was illegally drying the track around his grid spot prior to the race , but was not punished as no evidence for the claims was found . Renault protested the results of the Racing Point team over the legality of their car for the second successive race . The FIA investigation into the matter continued .
Race classification
Notes
– Includes one point for fastest lap .
– Kevin Magnussen qualified 16th , but his place on the grid was left vacant as he came into the pits during the formation lap . He originally finished 9th , but received a ten-second time penalty for breaching rules regarding radio communications on the formation lap .
– Romain Grosjean qualified 18th , but his place on the grid was left vacant as he came into the pits during the formation lap . He originally finished 15th , but received a ten-second time penalty for breaching rules regarding radio communications on the formation lap .
Championship standings after the race
Drivers ' Championship standings
Constructors ' Championship standings
Note : Only the top five positions are included for both sets of standings , which are accurate as of final declaration of results .
See also
2020 Budapest Formula 2 round
2020 Budapest Formula 3 round
Notes
References
External links
Hungarian
Hungarian Grand Prix
Hungarian Grand Prix
Hungarian Grand Prix
Iliria College ( Iliria Royal University , Albanian : Kolegji Iliria ) is a private provider of higher education in Kosovo . The Iliria Kolleg Pristina began its activity in 2001 as a private institution which combines the Albanian educational tradition with contemporary concepts . The Iliria College is member of the Balkan Universities Network .
As of 2013 , it is accredited by the Kosovo Accreditation Agency to offer courses in computer science , business , and law .
Notes
References
External links
Official Website of Iliria College
Universities and colleges in Kosovo
Buildings and structures in Pristina
Education in Pristina
Greta `` Greet '' Mettina Hellemans ( born 25 May 1959 in Groningen ) is a former rower from the Netherlands , who won the silver medal in the Women 's Double Sculls at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles , California , partnering with her sister Nicolette .
At the same tournament Hellemans at her second Olympic appearance was also a member of the bronze winning team in the Women 's Eights , alongside Marieke van Drogenbroek , Lynda Cornet , Harriet van Ettekoven , Nicolette Hellemans , Martha Laurijsen , Catharina Neelissen , Anne Quist , and Wiljon Vaandrager .
References
Dutch Olympic Committee
1959 births
Living people
Dutch female rowers
Olympic rowers of the Netherlands
Rowers at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Rowers at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Olympic silver medalists for the Netherlands
Olympic bronze medalists for the Netherlands
Olympic medalists in rowing
Sportspeople from Groningen ( city )
Medalists at the 1984 Summer Olympics
20th-century Dutch women
21st-century Dutch women
Harold Arnold Ackerman ( February 15 , 1928 – December 2 , 2009 ) was a United States district judge of the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey .
Education and career
Ackerman was born in Newark , New Jersey and raised in nearby Irvington , where he graduated from Irvington High School before earning his undergraduate degree at Seton Hall University . He received a Bachelor of Laws from Rutgers Law School in 1951 . He engaged in the private practice of law in New Jersey from 1951 to 1954 . From 1955 to 1979 , he was a judge on various New Jersey courts - on the Compensation Court of the State of New Jersey ( 1955–1965 ) ; the Union County District Court ( to 1970 ) ; the Union County Court until ( to 1973 ) ; the Superior Court , Law Division ( to 1975 ) ; and the Superior Court , Chancery Division , General Equity ( to 1979 ) .
Federal judicial service
On September 28 , 1979 , Ackerman was nominated by President Jimmy Carter to a seat on the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey , vacated by Judge George H. Barlow . He was confirmed by the United States Senate on October 31 , 1979 , and received his commission on November 2 , 1979 . He assumed senior status on February 15 , 1994 , serving in that capacity until his death on December 2 , 2009 , at his home in West Orange , New Jersey .
See also
List of Jewish American jurists
References
Sources
External links
An oral history interview of Judge Ackerman was conducted by the Historical Society for the U.S. District Court of the District of New Jersey on December 26 , 2007 .
Rutgers School of Law–Newark alumni
1928 births
2009 deaths
Irvington High School ( New Jersey ) alumni
People from Irvington , New Jersey
People from West Orange , New Jersey
Rutgers University alumni
Seton Hall University alumni
Judges of the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey
United States district court judges appointed by Jimmy Carter
20th-century American judges
New Jersey state court judges
Politicians from Newark , New Jersey
New Jersey lawyers
Superior court judges in the United States
Lawyers from Newark , New Jersey
Genís Montolio Lafuente ( born 23 July 1996 ) , sometimes known simply as Genís , is a Spanish footballer who plays for FC Wil in the Swiss Challenge League as a right back .
Club career
Born in Barcelona , Catalonia , Montolio represented FC Barcelona , RCD Espanyol , UE Cornellà as a youth before joining Villarreal CF 's academy in 2012 . On 9 May 2015 , he scored the second goal for the Juvenil A team in a 3–2 routing of Espanyol in the final of Youth Champions Cup .
On 4 February 2017 , Montolio made his debut for the reserves by coming as a substitute for Carlos Martínez in a 4–1 victory against UE Llagostera . On 7 December 2017 , he made his first team debut for the senior team , playing the whole ninety minutes of a 1–0 defeat against Maccabi Tel Aviv F.C . in the UEFA Europa League .
On 30 January 2018 , Montolio moved to the B-side of RCD Espanyol . He signed for another reserve team on 31 August , joining Atlético Levante UD in the third division .
Career statistics
References
External links
1996 births
Living people
Footballers from Barcelona
Spanish footballers
Association football defenders
Segunda División B players
Tercera División players
Villarreal CF C players
Villarreal CF B players
Villarreal CF players
RCD Espanyol B footballers
Atlético Levante UD players
Deportivo Alavés B players
UE Olot players
FC Wil 1900 players
Swiss Challenge League players
Herman Reitzes ( 1903 – June 12 , 1987 ) was an American sportscaster . He was a radio announcer at WDEL from the 1920s to the 1950s and was the play-by-play commentator for the Delaware Fightin ' Blue Hens football , Wilmington Blue Rocks , and Wilmington Clippers . He was posthumously inducted into the Delaware Sports Museum and Hall of Fame in 1990 .
Biography
Reitzes was born in 1903 in New York . He was Jewish . He grew up in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , and attended Wilmington High School . Afterwards Reitzes played freshman and sophomore college football at Delaware College ( now known as the University of Delaware ) . He graduated from college in 1925 . In the 1925–26 school year , Reitzes served as football coach , men 's basketball coach , women 's basketball coach and a teacher at Millsboro High School . He also sold insurance .
In 1922 , Reitzes was hired by WDEL radio station . He first appeared on a nightly sports talk show . He later became the play-by-play announcer for the Delaware Fightin ' Blue Hens football team , for which he was best known . `` Those where the days when they ( Delaware ) used to play schools like Susquehanna , Lebanon Valley , Hampden–Sydney , and PMC ( Widener ) , '' he said . `` If they got 500 people it was a helluva crowd . '' He announced from a small tower , with only enough room for one person , that was constructed on two-by-fours . The Delaware stadium was located next to a railroad , and his announcing partner Dick Aydelotte said that `` Everytime a train went by , which was often , Herm would be drowned out . You could n't hear a thing . Sometimes when a long freight , like 100 cars would roll by . Herm would be off the air for quite a time . After the train passed , Herm would get back on , apologize to the listeners , and recount the action that had transpired while the freight train was going by . ''
In addition to announcing the University of Delaware football games , Reitzes was also the radio announcer for the Wilmington Clippers professional football team , the public address announcer for the Wilmington Blue Rocks in baseball , and the radio announcer for the annual P. S. Dupont–Wilmington High School Thanksgiving football game .
Reitzes was also well-known for his `` Sports Parade '' radio program , which aired daily from 6:05 to 6:15 p.m. , featuring `` everything from the national sports to the local sandlots . ''
Reitzes left announcing in the 1950s . Afterwards , he was a fan of P. S. Dupont High School basketball .
In 1983 , the Herm Reitzes Award was created , given to those who have `` outstanding contribution [ s ] to athletics and sports in Delaware . '' Reitzes was the first recipient .
Reitzes died on June 12 , 1987 , in Tilton Terrace , Delaware , from heart failure . He was 84 at the time of his death . He was posthumously inducted into the Delaware Sports Museum and Hall of Fame in 1990 .
References
External links
1903 births
1987 deaths
American sports announcers
American radio hosts
Delaware Fightin ' Blue Hens football players
High school football coaches in Delaware
High school basketball coaches in Delaware
People from New York ( state )
Wim Dooijewaard ( 7 October 1892 – 17 July 1980 ) was a Dutch painter . His work was part of the painting event in the art competition at the 1936 Summer Olympics .
References
1892 births
1980 deaths
20th-century Dutch painters
Dutch male painters
Olympic competitors in art competitions
Painters from Amsterdam
20th-century Dutch male artists
Tomáš Šmíd was the defending champion , but lost in the first round this year .
Libor Pimek won the title , defeating Gene Mayer 6–4 , 4–6 , 7–6 , 6–4 in the final .
Seeds
Tomáš Šmíd ( first round )
Gene Mayer ( final )
Brian Teacher ( first round )
Wojtek Fibak ( second round )
Mike Bauer ( first round )
Wally Masur ( first round )
Balázs Taróczy ( first round )
John Lloyd ( first round )
Draw
Final
Section 1
Section 2
External links
1984 BMW Open draw
Singles
Yasmin Abbasey is a Pakistani Judge , serving in the Sindh High Court . She is one of only two women serving on the court at this time . Justice Abbasey has previously served as a Judge in the lower courts . Since her elevation to the High Court , most of Justice Abbasey 's reported cases have been in Criminal Law , although she has extensive experience in Administrative Law , having served in Administrative Tribunals while serving as a puisne judge .
She was previously serving as Federal Law Secretary . Presently she is the Federal Ombudsman for Harassment of Women and Men at Work Place under the Harassment at Work Place Act , 2010 .
References
Living people
Pakistani women judges
1950 births
Angus Richard Dunlop ( born 17 March 1967 in Dublin , Ireland ) is a former Irish cricketer .
A right-handed batsman and off-spin bowler , he made his debut for the Ireland cricket team against the MCC in June 1990 and went on to play for them on 114 occasions in all , his last match coming in August 2000 against Scotland .
Of his matches for Ireland , eight had first-class status and 25 had List A status . In all matches for Ireland , he scored 3164 runs at an average of 29.30 , with a top score of 150 coming against Scotland in his final match . He took 36 wickets at an average of 35.22 , with his best bowling being 5/26 against Wales in July 1990 .
He represented Ireland in several international tournaments ; the ICC Trophy in 1994 and 1997 , the European Championship in 1996 , 1998 , when he was captain and 2000 . He also played , and was captain , in the ICC Emerging Nations tournament in 2000 .
He was considered an exceptional talent at club level in Ireland , scoring 1000 runs in a season three times in five years in Leinster club cricket , a feat no one else has surpassed .
References
1967 births
Living people
Cricketers from Dublin ( city )
Irish cricketers
Jerya ( ) may refer to :
Jaria
Jiria
Kim Jin-hyeon ( ; Hanja : 金鎭鉉 ; ; born 6 July 1987 ) is a South Korean professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Cerezo Osaka .
International career
Kim made 3 appearances for South Korea U-20 in the 2007 FIFA U-20 World Cup . He made his national team debut on 30 May 2012 in a friendly match against Spain .
Kim became the starting goalkeeper for the national team in the 2015 Asian Cup with the exception of the match against Kuwait . He kept a clean sheet throughout the tournament until the final against Australia , where he conceded two goals in a 2–1 defeat . He was later nominated for the Best Goalkeeper award in the tournament .
Kim has been the main goalkeeper for Cerezo Osaka since 2009 . In the 2017 J-League season , Cerezo Osaka won two cups and a third in the league and won the Asian Football Confederation ( AFC ) Champions League qualification .
In May 2018 he was named in South Korea 's preliminary 28-man squad for the 2018 FIFA World Cup in Russia .
Career statistics
Club
Updated to 29 May 2022 .
1Includes Japanese Super Cup and J1/J2 Playoffs .
International clean sheets
Results list South Korea 's goal tally first .
Honours
Club
Cerezo Osaka
J . League Cup : 2017
Emperor 's Cup : 2017
Japanese Super Cup : 2018
International
South Korea
EAFF East Asian Cup : 2017
AFC Asian Cup runner-up : 2015
References
External links
Profile at Cerezo Osaka
Kim Jin-hyeon at yahoo.co.jp
1987 births
Living people
Association football goalkeepers
South Korean footballers
South Korean expatriate footballers
2011 AFC Asian Cup players
2015 AFC Asian Cup players
J1 League players
J2 League players
Cerezo Osaka players
Expatriate footballers in Japan
South Korean expatriate sportspeople in Japan
2018 FIFA World Cup players
South Korea under-20 international footballers
South Korea international footballers
People from Suwon
2019 AFC Asian Cup players
Sportspeople from Gyeonggi Province
Gorzków may refer to the following places :
Gorzków , Bochnia County in Lesser Poland Voivodeship ( south Poland )
Gorzków , Wieliczka County in Lesser Poland Voivodeship ( south Poland )
Gorzków , Krasnystaw County in Lublin Voivodeship ( east Poland )
Gorzków , Kazimierza County in Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship ( south-central Poland )
Gorzków , Staszów County in Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship ( south-central Poland )
Charles M. Barras ( – ) was an American actor and playwright best known for writing the book of the hit musical play The Black Crook .
Early in his life , Barras trained as a carpenter and served for three years in the US Navy . In 1860 , he married danseuse and soubrette Sallie St. Clair . In 1861 , he was manager of Pike 's Opera House in Cincinnati , Ohio , when he earned acclaim for his performance of the title character in an adaptation of Molière 's The Imaginary Invalid .
Barras wrote The Black Crook ( 1866 ) as a standard melodrama , but the piece was transformed by producers Jarrett & Palmer , under an agreement with theatre manager William Wheatley , into a musical extravaganza . The spectacular success of The Black Crook earned Barras a fortune of some $ 250,000 ( about $ 5,000,000 today ) .
Barras built a country house on the Mianus River in Cos Cob , Connecticut , near its railroad station and was a weekly train passenger . On March 31 , 1873 , while the train was stopped on a trestle bridge , Barras jumped from the train , but instead of landing on the bridge , he fell through it to the rocks below and died .
References
Created via preloaddraft
1826 births
1873 deaths
American actors
American dramatists and playwrights
Accidental deaths from falls
Accidental deaths in Connecticut
Udaya Kumar P S is a Kannada film director and editor based in India , who started his career as an editor , working with Nagathihalli Chandrashekar and directed a movie Kaarmoda Saridu in the year 2019
Early life
Udaya Was born in Kudremukha of Chikmagalur district . Udaya Kumar PS was born on 3 May 1986 to Subramaniyam & Devika in Kudremukh a town in Karnataka . He completed college from St. Xavier Mangalore . Completed Film Editing from TV & Film Institute . Married to vathsala and is a full-time Film Director & Editor .
Career
As director
Udaya Kumar has directed his debut in the year 2019 . His first directorial Karmoda Saridu received a mixed response from the audience and critics . He has also made several short films and also won many awards with regard to the same .
As editor
Udaya Kumar started his career as an editor . He worked under the state award winner Srikanth of Ugram & KGF fame . during his work with Srikanth he has worked in famous Kannada movies like , Ishtakamya , India vs England , Khakii , Enendu hesaridali , Kaarmoda Saridu , Kirita , Vaasu pakka commercial . He has his own studio under the name of GStudio .
Filmography
References
Kannada film directors
Living people
Kannada-language lyricists
Indian male songwriters
Musicians from Bangalore
Film directors from Bangalore
21st-century Indian composers
Film producers from Bangalore
Screenwriters from Bangalore
Kannada screenwriters
21st-century male musicians
1986 births
`` Simply Jessie '' is a song by singer/actor Rex Smith , released as the second single from his third studio album Sooner or Later . The song is also featured in the 1979 made-for-television film of the same title starring Smith and Denise Miller . It was produced by Charles Calello and Stephen Lawrence , and written by Lawrence and Bruce Hart .
The song reached number 31 on the U.S . Billboard Adult Contemporary chart in August 1979 , with a total of 9 weeks on the chart .
A popular song in the Philippines , it has been covered by local singers Ogie Alcasid and Sharon Cuneta and sampled by rapper Genezide .
References
1979 songs
1979 singles
Rex Smith songs
Columbia Records singles
Songs written for films
Songs written by Bruce Hart ( songwriter )
Songs with music by Stephen J. Lawrence
Joséphine Mbarga-Bikié ( born 3 April 1979 ) is a Cameroonian long jumper .
Achievements
External links
1979 births
Living people
Cameroonian female long jumpers
Competitors at the 2005 Summer Universiade
Competitors at the 2003 Summer Universiade
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 2007 All-Africa Games
African Games competitors for Cameroon
Laura Mason ( 1957–2021 ) was a British food historian based in York . She studied home economics and food technology and published several books on cookery and its history .
Early life and education
Mason was born in Ilkley on 7 August 1957 and attended Ilkley Grammar School . Her father was a farmer and her mother a local historian . She took a foundation course at Bradford College of Art and a degree in home economics and a further degree in food technology at Leeds Polytechnic .
Career
In 1997 Mason co-authored The Taste of Britain with Catherine Brown , published by Harper-Collins with a foreword by Hugh Fearnley-Whittingstall .
She published Sugar-Plums and Sherbert : a Prehistory of Sweets in 1998 . As Alan Davidson 's research assistant she wrote many of the articles in The Oxford Companion to Food ( 1999 ) . She wrote several books for the National Trust : Farmhouse Cookery in 2005 , and Book of Crumbles and Book of Afternoon Tea both in 2018 , and Roasts in 2019 . Her other publications included Sweets and Candy ( 2019 ) and Pine , about pine trees , in 2013 .
Personal life
Mason lived in York after moving there in 1976 . She married Ian Tomlin , who died in 1982 , and in 2012 married Derek Johnson . She died of cancer on 2 February 2021 .
Selected publications
References
1957 births
2021 deaths
Food historians
British women historians
People from Ilkley
People from York
People educated at Ilkley Grammar School
The Lithgow Zig Zag is a heritage-listed former zig zag railway line built near Lithgow on the Great Western Line of New South Wales in Australia . The zig zag line operated between 1869 and 1910 , to overcome an otherwise insurmountable climb and descent on the western side of the Blue Mountains . It was designed by John Whitton and built from 1863 to 1869 by Patrick Higgins as contractor . It is also known as the Great Zig Zag Railway and Reserves and Zig Zag Railway . The property is owned by Department of Planning and Infrastructure ( State Government ) . It was added to the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 2 April 1999 .
Part of the railway line is now used by the Zig Zag Railway , a narrow gauge tourist railway .
History
Construction
The original plan by the Engineer-in-Charge of New South Wales Government Railways , John Whitton , had been to build a tunnel . However , this was beyond the resources of the Colonial Government at the time . The zig zag alternative still required several short tunnels and some viaducts . After consideration of several alternate routes the Great Western Railway was extended along the high ridge of the Darling Causeway from . The descent to the Lithgow Valley was originally proposed by means of a tunnel . In 1866 the tunnel was estimated to be about two miles in length and a figure of $ 800,000 was set down as the cost of its construction . However , due to the enormous cost , construction time and , as John Whitton , Engineer-in-Chief of the NSW Railways reported at the time , it would have been difficult to get a contractor to undertake such difficult work . As a result , John Whitton selected the zig zag method of ascent and descent .
On the eastern side of the range , the Lapstone Zig Zag , also designed under the supervision of John Whitton , opened near Glenbrook in 1867 . The Lapstone Zig Zag ascended Lapstone Hill on a gradient of 1:30 to 1:33 ( ~ 3 - 3.3 % ) , which contoured up the side of the range with comparatively light earthworks .
By contrast , the Lithgow Zig Zag railway , built between 1866 and 1869 , required much heavier engineering , including four large rock cuttings , three fine stone viaducts with semi-circular arches ( originally four were planned , but one was built as an embankment instead ) and a short tunnel ( three tunnels were planned , but two were daylighted during construction due to leaks , becoming two of the four cuttings mentioned above ) . In the descent of the middle road , the line dropped between the reversing points , being part of the descent from Clarence . The whole route had a ruling grade of 1:42 ( ~2.38 % ) .
John Whitton and his work have been underrated in Australian history , although they provided the operational foundation of the main railway lines in New South Wales . In international references Whitton is recognised as one of approximately twenty of the greatest railway civil engineers in the first century of world railway construction . The achievement of his crossings of the Great Divide was superlative at the time and in terms of British railway civil engineering was only exceeded by the difficult crossing of the Indian Ghats .
The contract to build the Great Zig Zag was awarded to Mr Patrick Higgins in May 1866 . It was for the Clarence to Wallerawang section of railway which consisted of seven stone viaducts , varying in height from , three tunnels and nearly one and a quarter million cubic yards of excavations , two-thirds through rock .
George Donald
George McGarvie Donald of Lithgow was a master stonemason and builder who helped create the city of Lithgow . Born in Paddington in 1846 , he was son of a Scottish stonemason , George Donald , senior . George senior had been encouraged to migrate to New South Wales by Governor Macquarie who wished him to assist with government building works . George junior did an apprenticeship as a stonemason under his father and uncle . After this he was engaged on railway construction projects in the district in the late 1860s . He worked on stone railway bridges at the Great Zig Zag and Marrangaroo , and married Marion Miles , daughter of one of the construction foremen . Following completion of the railway he moved to Hill End and worked on a range of construction projects . Among these was Hill End Methodist church , built of basalt rubble from the gold mines . It is now used as an Anglican church . After the failure of the deep lead gold boom of the 1870s George returned to the Lithgow valley and established a construction business with Thomas Crowe . In the early 1880s he constructed St.Mary 's Presbyterian church for Thomas Brown , built as a memorial to Brown 's wife , Mary . He also built Cooerwull Academy for Brown , and the Church of St. John the Evangelist at Wallerawang . Other projects included Lithgow Town Hall , Wallerawang Public School the Lithgow Oddfellows Hall and many residences . Donald and Crowe also built Mort 's freezing works . George Donald was extremely active in community affairs and had a great sense of social justice . He was founding member of the GUIOOF Lily of the Valley Lodge and the Good Templars Lodge . Popular among citizens he was elected the first mayor of Lithgow after establishment of the Municipality of Lithgow in 1889 . He held the seat of Hartley in the NSW Legislative Assembly jointly with Joseph Cook from 1891 .
Commercial operation and closure
On 19 October 1869 the first official train ran across the Lithgow Zig Zag to Bowenfels railway station , completing the route over the Blue Mountains . This event was heralded worldwide as an engineering marvel resulting in many organised sight-seeing parties from overseas to view it . According to NSW Planning Department documents , in international references , John Whitton is recognised as one of approximately twenty of the greatest railway civil engineers in the first century of world railway construction . The achievement of his crossings of the Great Divide was superlative at the time and in terms of British railway civil engineering was only exceeded by the difficult crossing of the Indian Ghats .
Praise for the Lithgow Zig Zag and the line across the mountains is , however , not universal . At least one critic has opined that , while both the Zig Zag and the subsequent Ten Tunnels Deviation were magnificent works of civil engineering , these projects were aiming to solve the wrong problem . The Zig Zag was required to bring the railway down into the Lithgow Valley . There was a trial survey made of an alternative route , which would have continued the line north-west from Clarence , on a gentler gradient along Clarence ridge , before turning to approach Wallerawang from the north through Lidsdale . Much of this route closely followed an earlier road survey made by Hamiliton Hume and , an assistant surveyor , Lieutenant George Bowen , in 1827 . Had such a route been followed , neither zigzag nor tunnels would have been needed but the line from Sydney would still have crossed the mountains , albeit not via Lithgow . It almost certainly would have cost less to build , and—due to gentler grades—could have carried longer and heavier trains . Even after the Zig Zag had been bypassed , banking engines were often needed to assist heavy freight trains over the mountains from Lithgow . Probably , political considerations and the concentration of coal mines and industry near Lithgow—at the time when the railway routes were decided—made a route via the Lithgow Valley inevitable , but it imposed constraints on rail traffic , some of which persist to the present day . Some freight trains now run via Parkes , Stockinbingal and the Main South line to Sydney , rather than use the line over the mountains .
Between 1869 and 1910 the railway was a major force in the development of western New South Wales . Eventually traffic became so dense , due to the growth of the railway system through the spread of settlement , together with the loss of time in working over the Great Zig Zag , that alternatives were considered . From the 1880s many inquiries and investigations were held including consideration of John Whitton 's original proposal for a two-mile tunnel .
The Lithgow Zig Zag operated between 1869 and 1910 . By then it had become an increasingly inefficient bottleneck owing to the growing traffic on the line between Lithgow and Sydney . The Top Points were also too short .
Two major accidents occurred in 1901 , in January a carriage was backed through the top wing buffer stops and in April a goods engine burst through the buffer stops located at the top `` wing '' and almost fell into the valley below .
To alleviate the congestion , until a new deviation opened , the `` top '' and `` bottom '' wings were improved . The `` top '' wing was abandoned and a new line constructed which involved a sharp curve , heavy rock excavations and earth fillings to a depth of . The `` bottom '' wing was lengthened without any re-location . However , accidents still continued to occur , as was seen on 8 December 1908 when a Sydney bound goods train stalled just beyond Clarence Tunnel . The train was divided into two but the bottom portion accidentally became a runaway and eventually crashed into the rock cutting of Top Points .
There were plans to replace the section of 1 in 42 from Lithgow to Bottom points with a second horseshoe curve-like longer deviation , or with a spiral , but as this section in the open air could be operated with bank engines , this second stage deviation was never carried out .
In 1908 , work began on the Ten Tunnels Deviation , a double tracked route with a ruling grade of 1:42 as far as the start of the ten tunnels and 1 in 90 through the ten tunnels . The Lithgow Zig Zag was eventually abandoned in 1910 , replaced by the Ten-Tunnels Deviation which is still in heavy use as the Main West line to the central-west of NSW and ultimately the trans-Australia line between Sydney and Perth . On 16 October 1910 the new deviation was opened for traffic and the Great Zig Zag closed .
Use following commercial operation
During World War II , the Clarence Tunnel on the Lithgow Zig Zag ( along with other tunnels on various lines ) were used to store chemical weapons for the Royal Australian Air Force . Principally mustard gas and phosgene , the chemical agents were housed in a variety of weapons from bombs to cylinders . The cache was disposed of after the war .
Preservation
In 1972 a cooperative formed to re-use the line using rolling stock sourced from inter-state . In 1975 the line re-opened as a tourist attraction , operating between Top and Bottom Points . The re-development extended to Mt Sinai halt in 1987 and on to Clarence in 1988 .
Description
The Great Zig Zag Railway consists of three sections : the `` top road '' , the `` middle road '' and the `` bottom road '' . Located on the `` top road '' is number one viaduct . The top points are located where `` top road '' and `` middle road '' join . Beyond this two `` T '' bridges and a stone arch are located at the entrance to the `` wing '' where the train terminated before proceeding to the `` middle road '' Located on the `` middle road '' is number one and number two viaduct and number one tunnel and a cutting which was originally proposed to be number two tunnel . At the end of `` middle road '' is the bottom `` wing '' . Engineered ledges hewn in the mountainside provide enough room for the railway line .
It has an Institute of Engineers ( Australia ) National Engineering Landmark plaque .
Condition
Physical condition is excellent . Archaeological potential is low .
Modifications and dates
Construction began in 1863 .
Line opened 1869 .
Railway line duplicated in 1880 .
New `` top '' and `` bottom '' wings opened in 1908 .
The Great Zig Zag Railway was closed in 1910 .
Heritage listing
As at 30 September 1997 , The Great Zig Zag Railway had a profound influence upon the development and economy of western New South Wales . At the time it was the greatest civil engineering work in Australia and was considered worldwide as an engineering marvel . It reflects the difficulty experienced in crossing the Blue Mountains and engineering compromises enforced by economics . The reserve is a fine scenic attraction and the sandstone escarpments and viaducts provide a dramatic juxtaposition to the urban development of nearby Lithgow .
Lithgow Zig Zag was listed on the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 2 April 1999 having satisfied the following criteria .
The place is important in demonstrating the course , or pattern , of cultural or natural history in New South Wales .
It is of historical significance because upon completion it triggered extensive development and had a profound influence on the economy of western New South Wales . It contributed to the economy of western New South Wales to such an extent that it could not handle the volume of traffic and had to be replaced .
The place is important in demonstrating aesthetic characteristics and/or a high degree of creative or technical achievement in New South Wales .
The reserve is a fine scenic attraction in itself , offering superb views of the rugged sandstone valleys and escarpments leading to the western plains . It serves to provide a dramatic juxtaposition to the urban development of nearby Lithgow suburbs . The three main viaducts are particularly pleasing structures .
The place has a strong or special association with a particular community or cultural group in New South Wales for social , cultural or spiritual reasons .
It reflects the difficulty experienced in crossing the Blue Mountains and engineering compromises enforced by economics .
The place has potential to yield information that will contribute to an understanding of the cultural or natural history of New South Wales .
At the time of building the Great Zig Zag Railway was regarded as the greatest civil engineering work in Australia at that time and attracted worldwide interest as an engineering marvel .
See also
Lithgow power station
Ten Tunnels Deviation
References
Bibliography
Attribution
Further reading
1869 establishments in Australia
1910 disestablishments
3 ft 6 in gauge railways in Australia
Articles incorporating text from the New South Wales State Heritage Register
Main Western railway line , New South Wales
New South Wales State Heritage Register
Lithgow , New South Wales
Rail infrastructure in New South Wales
Railway museums in Australia
Railways with Zig Zags
Sandstone bridges in Australia
Transport in the Blue Mountains ( New South Wales )
Works of John Whitton
Recipients of Engineers Australia engineering heritage markers
Project LISTEN ( Literacy Innovation that Speech Technology ENables ) was a 25-year research project at Carnegie Mellon University to improve children 's reading skills . Project LISTEN . The project created a computer-based Reading Tutor that listens to a child reading aloud , corrects errors , helps when the child is stuck or encounters a hard word , provides hints , assesses progress , and presents more advanced text when the child is ready . The Reading Tutor has been used daily by hundreds of children in field tests at schools in the United States , Canada , Ghana , and India . Thousands of hours of usage logged at multiple levels of detail , including millions of words read aloud , have been stored in a database that has been mined to improve the Tutor 's interactions with students . An extensive list of publications ( with abstracts ) can be found at Carnegie Mellon University .
Project LISTEN 's Reading Tutor is now being transformed into `` RoboTutor '' by Carnegie Mellon 's team competing in the Global Learning XPRIZE . The goal of the Global Learning XPRIZE is to develop open-source Android tablet apps , in both English and Swahili , that enables children in developing countries who have little or no access to schooling to teach themselves basic reading , writing and arithmetic without adult assistance .
RoboTutor is an integrated collection of intelligent tutors and educational games implemented on an Android tablet , and is now being field-tested in Tanzania .
History
Project LISTEN was led by ( now Emeritus ) Professor David 'Jack ' Mostow , who currently leads Carnegie Mellon 's `` RoboTutor '' team in the Global Learning XPRIZE competition . Project LISTEN was supported by the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency through DARPA Order 5167 , the National Science Foundation under ITR/IERI Grant No . IEC-0326153 , Grant No . REC-0326153 from the U.S. Department of Education 's Institute of Education Sciences and under Grants R305B070458 , R305A080157 and R305A080628 , and by the Heinz Endowments . Project LISTEN 's purpose was to develop , evaluate , and refine an intelligent tutor to listen to children read aloud , and help them learn to read .
As part of the research and testing , Project LISTEN 's Reading Tutor has been used with positive results by hundreds of children in the United States , Canada , and other countries . ( See Prototype Testing below . ) Results indicated that often the students whose initial proficiency was lowest benefited most from the Reading Tutor . Of particular interest was the strong performance of the Reading Tutor for English Language Learners .
Project Listen fits well into Carnegie Mellon University 's Simon Initiative , whose goal is to use learning science research to improve educational practice . As noted in the History of the Simon Initiative , `` The National Science Foundation included Project LISTEN 's speech recognition system as one of its top 50 innovations from 1950-2000 . ''
How it works
The goal of the Reading Tutor is to make the student experience of learning to read using it as effective or more effective than being tutored by a human coach - for example , as described at the Intervention Central website . A child selects an item from a menu listing texts from a source such the Weekly Reader or authored stories . The Reading Tutor listens to the child read aloud using Carnegie Mellon 's Sphinx – II Speech Recognizer to process and interpret the student 's oral reading . When the Reading Tutor notices a student misread a word , skip a word , get stuck , hesitate , or click for help , it responds with assistance modeled in part on expert reading teachers , adapted to the capabilities and limitations of technology .
The Reading Tutor dynamically updates its estimate of a student 's reading level and picks stories a bit harder ( or easier ) according to the estimated level ; this approach allows the Reading Tutor to aim for the zone of proximal development , that is , to expand the span of what a learner currently can do without help , toward what he or she can do with help .
The Tutor also scaffolds ( provides support for ) key processes in reading . It explains unfamiliar words and concepts by presenting short factoids ( that is , comparisons to other words ) . It can provide both spoken and graphical assistance when the student has a problem . The Tutor represents Visual speech using talking mouth video clips of phonemes . It assists word identification by previewing new words , reading hard words aloud , and giving rhyming and other hints .
Detailed data on the interactions is saved in a database , and data-mining has been used to improve the Reading Tutor and investigate research questions .
Prototype Testing
Project LISTEN trials demonstrated usability , user acceptance , effective assistance , and pre-to-post-test gains . A number of controlled studies extended over several months , with student use of 20 minutes per day . Use of the Reading Tutor produced higher comprehension gains than current methods . To ensure there was no third variable involved , different treatments were compared within the same classrooms , with randomized assignment of children to treatments , stratified by pretest scores . Valid and reliable measures ( Woodcock.1998 ) were used to measure gains between pre- and post-test . Data gathered during each trial was used to improve the efficacy of the tutor .
Various controlled studies were carried out as the Reading Tutor evolved , for example ,
Pilot Study ( 1996–97 )
Within-classroom comparison ( 1998 )
Comparison to human tutors ( 1999-2000 )
Equal-time comparison to Sustained Silent Reading ( 2000-2001 )
Since 2005 , researchers both within and outside Project LISTEN have conducted and published controlled studies of the Reading Tutor . ( See list in ) .
Awards
Project Listen has received global recognition and many awards :
1994 : Outstanding Paper Award at the Twelfth National Conference on Artificial Intelligence
1998 : Represented the Computing Research Association ( CRA ) at the Coalition for National Science Funding Exhibit ( CNSF ) for Congress
2000 : The National Science Foundation included Project LISTEN in its `` Nifty Fifty '' list of top 50 innovations from 1950-2000 .
2002 : Distinguished Finalist for the International Reading Association 's Outstanding Dissertation of the Year Award
2002 : Project LISTEN videos included in PBS series `` Reading Rockets ''
2008 : Best Paper Award at the 9th International Conference on Intelligent Tutoring Systems .
2008 : Best Paper Nominee at the 9th International Conference on Intelligent Tutoring Systems
2011 : Best Paper Nominee at the 15th International Conference on Artificial Intelligence in Education .
2012 : Best Paper Award at the 25th Florida Artificial Intelligence Research Society Conference ( FLAIRS-25 ) .
2012 : Best Student Paper Award at the 5th International Conference on Educational Data Mining
2013 : Finalist for Best Paper Award at the 16th International Conference on Artificial Intelligence in Education , Memphis , TN
See also
Intelligent tutoring system
Speech recognition
Artificial Intelligence
Educational data mining
Learning Sciences
References
External links
Project LISTEN Home Page http : //www.projectlisten.org/
Project LISTEN Publications https : //www.cs.cmu.edu/~listen/pubs.html
Carnegie Mellon University
Piaski Szlacheckie ( ; ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gorzków , within Krasnystaw County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland . It lies approximately south-west of Krasnystaw and south-east of the regional capital Lublin .
The village has an approximate population of 500 .
Notable residents
Antoni Patek ( 1812-1877 ) - watchmaker , founder of Patek Philippe & Co .
References
Piaski Szlacheckie
Branka Kuzeljević ( ) ( born July 26 , 1989 in Užice , SR Serbia , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a Serbian cross-country skier .
She represented Serbia and Montenegro at the 2006 Winter Olympics in Turin , Italy . At only 16 years of age , she was the youngest member of the Serbia and Montenegro Olympic team .
References
Olympic biography
1989 births
Living people
Serbian female cross-country skiers
Olympic cross-country skiers of Serbia and Montenegro
Cross-country skiers at the 2006 Winter Olympics
Sportspeople from Užice
Flyrock , or wild flyrock , is rock that is ejected from the blast site in a controlled explosion in mining operations . The term refers in particular to rock that flies beyond the blast site , causing injuries to people and damage to property . This is considered a significant issue in mining ; between 1994 and 2005 , 32 miners were injured by flyrock .
Flyrock can vary in mass from marble-sized to car-sized .
Accident data from the Mine Safety and Health Administration indicate that flyrock and lack of blast area security were the main causes of blasting-related injuries in surface mining . Fatal injuries due to lack of blast area security were caused mainly by failure to clear the blast area or inadequate access control to the blast area . Proper planning can reduce the incidence of flyrock .
See also
Stone damage , damage to vehicles from flying gravel and small stones in traffic
References
This incorporates public domain content from the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
Mine safety
Janet Shirley Koper ( July 22 , 1931 – December 18 , 1988 ) was a provincial level politician from Alberta , Canada . She served as a member of the Alberta Legislature from 1982 to 1988 sitting as a member of the governing Progressive Conservative caucus .
Political career
Koper started her career as an educator , principal , and later a superintendent for the Calgary Public School Board . She ran for a seat to the Alberta Legislature for the first time in the 1982 Alberta general election . She won handily defeating four other candidates to hold the Calgary-Foothills electoral district for the governing Progressive Conservative caucus . During her term as MLA , Janet sponsored three crucial bills : The Public Health Act , The Child Transportation Safety Act , and the Maintenance Enforcement Act .
She was re-elected with a reduced majority to her second term in the 1986 Alberta general election . She died of cancer while still holding office in 1988 .
References
External links
Legislative Assembly of Alberta Members Listing
1931 births
1988 deaths
Politicians from Calgary
Politicians from Edmonton
Progressive Conservative Association of Alberta MLAs
Women MLAs in Alberta
20th-century Canadian women politicians
Final standings of the 1971–72 Hungarian League season .
Final standings
Results
Statistical leaders
Top goalscorers
External links
IFFHS link
Nemzeti Bajnokság I season
1971–72 in Hungarian football
Hun
Scybalistodes prusalis is a moth in the family Crambidae . It was described by Herbert Druce in 1895 . It is found in Guerrero , Mexico .
References
Moths described in 1895
Glaphyriinae
Zotung people are one of the ethnic groups in Chin State in Myanmar also known as Burma . It is located in central and southern Chin State . Zotunges are a very distinct ethnic people in Burma . It is very difficult to get historical records of these ethnic people as they did n't have written languages for many years . However , their history can still be traced back as far as 900 AD since there are place names in traditional songs that reveal the time period they were composed . There are also local folk tale and legends . These people are from a Tibeto-Burman group and are familiar with all other Chin groups . They have their own written language which is unintelligible with other neighboring languages unless they learn it . These people called themselves `` Zo '' from the early times of their ancestors which can be traced back to 700 years ago . Neighboring tribes from the north and south called them Zo , and the Mara tribe from the west called them Azyu .
From 1933 , their language was recorded using the Roman alphabet . It was called `` Zoccaw '' ( Zo Script ) . Most of these people are farmers and prefer hunting animals for their meals like other Chin groups . In early history , the Zo Minphuins religion was known as Lawki or Sakhua . It was an animistic and pagan religion .
Traditions
Religion ( Beihnaw )
The Zotung believed in Pachia ( Pathian ) as the supreme God . They also believed evil entities , known as Khozi ( Khuazing ) , roamed around world . Khozis caused great mischief and would cause a person to be in a state of hnam . They appeased to the various Khozi through the high priests for their health , wealth , safety and the prosperity of the land through Khuarum services . However , they did not sacrifice to Pachia because he was believed to not cause harm or wickedness to humans . In recent years the believe in Khozi have slowly begun to vanished as more people convert to Christianity .
Death and Afterlife
The Zotung believed those that died as commoners went to Mitchi Khua , literally abode of the dead . Inside Mitchi Khua , there were two divisions . The first is Pucchi ( Pulthi ) where those that died a normal , non violent death went . Pucchi deaths were followed by village wide feasts and drinking . It was mourned by all the people and lasted 3 to 5 days . The other death is Sawchi ( Sarthi ) where those that died a violent , supernatural death or from a disease were categorized as . The relatives of the Sawchi were considered potentially dangerous and were avoided . The Sawchi corpse was immediately buried and no rites were performed . Only the closest of relatives were allowed to attend burial . When the Sawchi burial was over , the family killed a hen . They placed the blood of the hen and mixed in maize . They cried
Oh ! The sickness inside me , be cleansed from the blood of the cock and maize . Let the sun set you also .
Counting forth from that day , they stayed isolated for 7 days then were they considered clean .
On the other hand , those that died an honourable death such as through battle , through death rites or hosted a great festival went to Hotheng . Though Mitchi Khua is less desired , it was not a place for eternal punishment but simply a permanent place for the dead to reside . Hotheng was a place for the ones with great wealth and riches . They feasted eternally and enjoyed themselves .
Between the three human realms was Lunglei Mual or Lunglei Hill . This was the check point for all the deceased . There lived the goddess Sawnnung that ruled over the realms . She led the dead to their rightful place . But first Sawnnung took the dead to a lake known as Rih Tui to drink from the lake . The water from Rih Tui was special . It made all that drank from it forget about their previous life so that they live happily in their new realm .
When the western missionaries entered Zoram , these people converted to Christianity starting around the 1900s .
Clothing
The Zotungs wore clothes like other Zo groups . For daily life , the men wore Angi ( a cotton shirt ) , Boui ( a large shawl ) , or were wrapped in fur . For special occasions the men were clothed with feathers , Cawnnak Boui , colourful Bouis , and jewellery . Women wore the Burmese longyi either with traditional patterns or plain ones . They also wore Angi and Boui .
Zo literature or Zo ccaw
Although some people say that there is a legend saying that the first Chin script was written on leather or animal skin which was eaten away by a dog , there is no such kind of stories told by forefathers . Zoccaw ( Zo script/Zo alphabet ) was the first script introduced among these people using the `` Roman Alphabet '' in 1933 by Dr Siabawi Khua Ming who was one of the first persons to attend the mission school in Rezua opened in 1926 . He himself termed this newly introduced letters as Zoccaw . This was the first Mission School established in Zoram ( Zo land ) . Like many other ethnic languages , Zoccaw has been banned not to be taught officially in public school by the Myanmar government . For the Zo , Christian hymnals are the only resource available for self-study . However , most Zo people can read and write in Zoccaw .
Historical records are needed to confirm the identity of these people groups .
Natural disaster 2015
Zotung ( Chin ) people are heavily affected by natural disaster that hits the country on July 19 and August 3 , 2015 . 364 houses were destroyed and all paddy fields and crops were destroyed . All roads and bridges are stopped by landslides . Zotung Relief Committee is responding to the urgent needs of the people .
References
Ethnic groups in Myanmar
This article is a list of the suburbs that used to make up the City of Thuringowa in Queensland , Australia , before the March 2008 amalgamation , which saw the City of Townsville merge with Thuringowa to form the new city of Townsville . Also listed are the former suburbs that became part of Townsville due to other boundary changes that have taken place over the years . The suburbs are listed below in order of postcode and order of years the boundaries were changed :
2008
4815 ( Former Urban Thuringowa ) :
Condon ,
Granite Vale ,
Gumlow ,
Kelso ,
Pinnacles ,
Rasmussen .
4816 ( Former Rural Thuringowa ) :
Balgal Beach ,
Clemant ,
Crystal Creek ,
Mutarnee ,
Paluma ,
Rangewood ,
Rollingstone ,
Toomulla .
4817 ( Former Urban and Rural Thuringowa ) :
Alice River ,
Bohle Plains ,
Hervey range ,
Kirwan ,
Thuringowa Central ( The Former Thuringowa CBD ) .
4818 ( Former rural Thuringowa ) :
Beach Holm ,
Black River ,
Blue Hills ,
Bluewater ,
Bluewater Park ,
Bohle ,
Burdell ,
Bushland Beach ,
Deeragun ,
Jensen ,
Lynam ,
Mount Low ,
Saunders Beach ,
Shaw ,
Toolakea ,
Yabulu .
1994 ( Former rural Thuringowa ) :
Calcium ,
Toonpan ,
Woodstock ,
Majors Creek ,
Reid River .
1936 ( Former Urban Thuringowa ) :
Oonoonba ,
Stuart ,
Idalia .
1918 ( Former Urban Thuringowa ) :
Hermit Park ,
Hyde Park ,
Pimlico ,
Mundingburra ,
Aitkenvale ,
West End ,
Garbutt ,
Belgian Gardens .
1882 ( Formerly known as Ross Island )
South Townsville ,
Railway Estate .
Townsville
Thuringowa City
Patricia Heaton Parties is an American cooking television series that aired on Food Network . It was presented by actress Patricia Heaton , and it featured Heaton showcasing how to prepare different recipes for themed parties . The series debuted on October 24 , 2015 , and was initially supposed to air for only one season , but a second season began airing on June 11 , 2016 ; and concluded on August 13 , 2016 .
In 2016 , the series won a Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Culinary Program .
Episodes
Season 1 ( 2015 )
Season 2 ( 2016 )
Notes
References
External links
2010s American cooking television series
2015 American television series debuts
2016 American television series endings
Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Culinary Program winners
English-language television shows
Food Network original programming
Food reality television series
Television series by Relativity Media
16th SFFCC Awards
December 10 , 2017
Picture :
The Florida Project
Animated Feature :
Coco
Documentary :
Face Places
Foreign Language Picture :
BPM ( Beats per Minute )
The 16th San Francisco Film Critics Circle Awards , honoring the best in film for 2017 , were given on December 10 , 2017 .
Winners
These are the nominees for the 16th SFFCC Awards . Winners are listed at the top of each list :
Special awards
Special Citation Award for under-appreciated independent cinema
Brimstone & Glory
Columbus
The Other Kids
Marlon Riggs Award for courage & vision in the Bay Area film community
Peter Bratt
References
External links
The San Francisco Film Critics Circle
San Francisco Film Critics Circle Awards
2017 film awards
2017 in San Francisco
Beethoven ( foaled 2 April 2007 ) is an Irish-bred Thoroughbred racehorse best known for his upset victory in the 2009 Dewhurst Stakes . He was highly tried as a juvenile and ran prominently in several major races before winning the Dewhurst on his tenth appearance of the season at odds of 33/1 . As a three-year-old he won the Desmond Stakes and ended his year with a success in the Qatar Derby . He was based in Qatar for the rest of his racing career , making his last appearance in 2015 .
Background
Beethoven is a bay horse with a small white star bred in Ireland by Whisperview Trading Ltd , a breeding company owned by the trainer Aidan O'Brien . As a yearling the colt was consigned by the Carriganog Stud to the Goffs A Million sale in September 2008 and was bought for 260,000 euros by Hugo Merry Bloodstock on behalf of John Magnier 's Coolmore Stud organisation . The colt was sent into training with Aidan O'Brien at Ballydoyle . Like many Coolmore horses , the official details of Beethoven 's ownership changed from race to race ; he was sometimes listed as being the property of Michael Tabor , whilst on other occasions he was described as being owned by a partnership of Tabor , Derrick Smith and Susan Magnier .
Beethoven was from the first crop of foals sired by Oratorio a top-class performer over ten furlongs who won the Eclipse Stakes and the Irish Champion Stakes in 2005 . As a breeding stallion the best of his other offspring have included Military Attack , the Italian champion Biz the Nurse and the Golden Rose Stakes winner Manawanui . Beethoven was the first foal of his dam Queen Titi , a useful racemare who won the Listed Garnet Stakes at Naas Racecourse in 2005 . She was bred and owned by Anne-Marie O'Brien and trained by her husband Aidan . Queen Titi is a granddaughter of Luv Luvin ' , an American broodmare whose other descendants have included Henrythenavigator , Magician and the Irish 2000 Guineas winner Saffron Walden .
Racing career
2009 : two-year-old season
Beethoven began his racing career in a maiden race over six furlongs at York Racecourse in England on 14 May in which he started the 9/4 favourite but finished third of the ten runners behind No Hubris and Flying Statesman . At Naas Racecourse on 1 June he started odds-on favourite for a minor event and led for most of the way before being overtaken inside the final furlong and beaten a head into second place by the Ger Lyons-trained gelding Love Lockdown . Despite his defeats , Beethoven was then stepped up in class and distance for the Listed Chesham Stakes over seven furlongs at Royal Ascot on 20 June and started the 4/1 joint-favourite alongside his stablemate Emperor Claudius . He was in contention from the start but never looked likely to win and finished fourth , three and a quarter length behind the Richard Hannon Sr-trained Big Audio . In July he ran twice at the Curragh , finishing third to Walk On Bye in the Group Three Anglesey Stakes and fifth to his stablemate Alfred Nobel in the Group One Phoenix Stakes . On 6 August the colt was dropped back in class for a maiden race over six furlongs at Leopardstown Racecourse and started the 4/7 favourite in an eleven-runner field . Ridden as in three of his five previous starts by Johnny Murtagh , he took the lead after two furlongs and stayed on in the closing stages to win by a head form Clashnacree .
Beethoven ran twice at the Curragh in September , finishing third to Kingsfort when a 25/1 outsider for the Group One National Stakes and fourth ( of twenty ) when favourite for the Goffs A Million Sprint . On 4 October he was sent to France and was Ireland 's only representative in the Group One Prix Jean-Luc Lagardère over 1400 metres at Longchamp Racecourse . Starting at odds of 16/1 in a seven-runner field he was never able to challenge the leaders and finished sixth behind Siyouni . Thirteen days after his run in France Beethoven was one of fifteen colts to contest the Group One Dewhurst Stakes over seven furlongs at Newmarket Racecourse . Ridden by Ryan Moore he was part of a four-horse O'Brien entry which also included Steinbeck ( the choice of the stable jockey Johnny Murtagh ) , Fencing Master and Lord High Admiral and started a 33/1 outsider . The National Stakes runner-up Chabal started favourite ahead of Steinbeck and Xtension whilst the other runners included Silver Grecian ( Superlative Stakes ) , Dick Turpin ( Richmond Stakes ) and Buzzword ( Prix La Rochette ) . Equipped with a visor for the first time Beethoven was settled behind the leaders by Moore as Pure Champion set the early pace . After briefly looking to be outpaced a quarter of a mile from the finish he was switched to the right and began to make rapid progress approaching the final furlong . In a four-way `` blanket finish '' he gained the advantage with 50 yards to run and prevailed by a neck , a nose and a neck from Fencing Master , Xtension and Steinbeck . Aidan O'Brien said `` He 's a very tough horse and he 's been improving all the time . He 's been getting better with every run even if the figures do n't show that . During the week Joseph was riding him and said that there 's lots there , and to put a visor on him to sharpen him up '' .
On his final appearance of the year , Beethoven was sent to California to contest the Breeders ' Cup Juvenile over eight and a half furlongs on the synthetic Cushion Track at Santa Anita Park on 7 November . After racing towards the rear of the thirteen-runner field he made steady progress in the straight to finish sixth , less than three lengths behind the winner Vale of York .
2010 : three-year-old season
Beethoven had been expected to challenge for the 2000 Guineas but missed the race after a training setback . He did not appear as a three-year-old until June when he finished sixth of nine behind Canford Cliffs in the St James 's Palace Stakes at Royal Ascot . In the following month he was matched against older horses for the first time in the Sussex Stakes at Goodwood Racecourse and finished fourth behind Canford Cliffs , Rip Van Winkle and Premio Loco . On 12 August Beethoven was dropped in class for the Group Three Desmond Stakes over one mile at Leopardstown and started the 2/1 favourite with the best of his five opponents appearing to be the ( Blue Wind Stakes ) winner Akdarena . Ridden by Joseph O'Brien he tracked Akdarena before taking the lead a furlong and a half from the finish and winning `` comfortably '' by three quarters of a length from Dandy Boy . Joseph O'Brien , who was winning his first Group race , said `` He quickened up really well when I asked and it was a good performance . He ca n't have the ground fast enough , so it suited him well tonight '' .
In September Beethoven stepped back up to Group One class and finished fourth to Cape Blanco in the Irish Champion Stakes at Leopardstown and fourth in the Queen Elizabeth II Stakes at Ascot behind Poet 's Voice . After finishing sixth to Gitano Hernando at Dundalk Racecourse he was sent to the United States to contest his second Breeders ' Cup at Churchill Downs on 6 November . He started a 25/1 outsider for the Breeders ' Cup Mile and finished tenth of the eleven runners behind Goldikova . In December the colt was shipped to Sha Tin Racecourse for the Hong Kong Mile but made little impact as he finished unplaced behind Beauty Flash .
Shortly after his race in Hong Kong Beethoven was acquired by Mohammed Kazim Al Ansari & Sons and relocated to Qatar where he was trained by Ahmed Kobeissi . On his first appearance for his new connections Beethoven contested the Qatar Derby over ten furlongs at Doha on 23 December . Ridden by Seb Sanders he took the lead two and a half furlongs from the finish , went clear of the field and held off the late challenge of the French colt Lancelot to win by a neck .
2011 – 2015 : later career
Beethoven continued his racing career in Qatar . On his 2011 debut in the HH Heir Apparent Trophy at Doha on 27 January he produced a strong late finish to win by half a length from Miss Starlight with Lancelot and Joshua Tree in third and fourth . He failed to win in seven subsequent starts that year and was beaten in all eleven of his races as a five-year-old in 2012 . In 2013 he ran ten times , recording his only victory in a minor event at Doha in April . He was unplaced in both his starts in 2014 and in his only recorded race as an eight-year-old in 2015 .
Assessment
In the 2009 European Thoroughbred Rankings , Beethoven was given a rating of 117 , making him the eighth-best juvenile of the year , seven pounds behind the top-rated St Nicholas Abbey .
Pedigree
Beethoven was inbred 3 × 4 to Northern Dancer , meaning that this stallion appears in both the third and fourth generations of his pedigree .
References
2007 racehorse births
Racehorses bred in Ireland
Racehorses trained in Ireland
Racehorses trained in Qatar
Thoroughbred family 9-b
Comoros was scheduled to compete at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , from 7 September to 18 September 2016 .
Background
Comoros made its Paralympic debut at the 2012 Summer Paralympics four years prior in London . The 2016 Summer Paralympics were held from 7–18 September 2016 , a total of 4,328 athletes representing 159 National Paralympic Committees took part . The Comoros team failed to show up to the Games .
Disability classifications
Every participant at the Paralympics has their disability grouped into one of five disability categories ; amputation , the condition may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness ; cerebral palsy ; wheelchair athletes , there is often overlap between this and other categories ; visual impairment , including blindness ; Les autres , any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories , for example dwarfism or multiple sclerosis . Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications , dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition . Events are given a code , made of numbers and letters , describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing . Some sports , such as athletics , divide athletes by both the category and severity of their disabilities , other sports , for example swimming , group competitors from different categories together , the only separation being based on the severity of the disability .
Swimming
Men
See also
Comoros at the 2016 Summer Olympics
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
Paralympics
United Nations Security Council resolution 670 , adopted on 25 September 1990 , after recalling resolutions 660 ( 1990 ) , 661 ( 1990 ) , 662 ( 1990 ) , 664 ( 1990 ) , 665 ( 1990 ) , 666 ( 1990 ) and 667 ( 1990 ) on the topic of Iraq , the council condemned the continued Iraqi occupation of Kuwait , the violence against Kuwaiti citizens and its defiance of Security Council resolutions . It also noted the expulsion of Iraqi diplomats from several countries . As a consequence , the Council decided to impose further sanctions on Iraq , relating to civil aviation .
Acting under Chapter VII of the United Nations Charter , the council went on to call on all member states to strictly enforce international sanctions against Iraq , confirming that sanctions imposed in Resolution 661 ( 1990 ) also apply to aircraft , deciding that :
( a ) Member States should deny permission of aircraft to take off from their territory if it should take cargo to or from Iraq and occupied Kuwait , excluding medical and humanitarian aid , and resources for the United Nations Iran–Iraq Military Observer Group ;
( b ) Member States should deny permission to any aircraft destined for Iraq or Kuwait to overfly its territory , unless approved by the Security Council Committee , via inspection that it is not in violation of Resolution 661 , or is certified for use by the Military Observer Group ;
( c ) Member States should take necessary measures that all its aircraft comply with Resolution 661 and co-operate with one another in doing so ;
( d ) Member States should detain Iraqi ships entering their ports , unless for humanitarian purposes so as to safeguard human life .
It also reminded countries that , under Resolution 661 ( 1990 ) , to continue to freeze Iraqi assets while protecting those of the `` legitimate government of Kuwait '' and sanctioning Iraqi diplomats . Additionally , the Council called upon all Member States to co-operate with the Security Council Committee in providing information regarding the action taken by them to implement the provisions from the current resolution .
Finally , the Council warned that any state evading Resolution 661 ( 1990 ) may have measures taken against it , while also reminding Iraq of its obligations under the Fourth Geneva Convention .
Resolution 670 , the ninth to condemn Iraq for its invasion of Kuwait , was approved by 14 votes to one vote against , from Cuba , and no abstentions .
See also
Foreign relations of Iraq
Gulf War
Invasion of Kuwait
Iraq–Kuwait relations
Sanctions against Iraq
List of United Nations Security Council Resolutions 601 to 700 ( 1987–1991 )
References
External links
Text of the Resolution at undocs.org
0670
0670
Gulf War
1990 in Iraq
1990 in Kuwait
United Nations Security Council sanctions regimes
September 1990 events
Sanctions against Iraq
Rob De Mezieres is a South African writer and director . His first film , mockumentary Shooting Bokkie won first prize at the Festival Africano di Milano , and Best South African Feature Film at the 24th Durban International Film Festival in 2003 .
Films
Shooting Bokkie
Directed by : Rob de Mezieres , Adam Rist
Writing credits : Rob de Mezieres , John Fredericks
Produced by : Andrew Cassells
Movie Genre : Drama , Documentary
Released : 2003
Running Time : 74 minutes
Rating : 18VL
Synopsis
A South African filmmaker convinces a film crew to help him make a documentary about a 13-year-old assassin in the South African Cape Flats . Following the 13-year-old hitman ( a bokkie ) as he goes about his daily business , the audience gains unique insight into the lives of people living on the Cape Flats , living under conditions of poverty and violence , and the gangster culture that is prevalent there .
The mockumentary format of the film invites us to consider the ethics of filmmaking in a culture of violence . As Van der Vliet ( 2007 ) points out , it also calls into question the ethics that attend being an observer to violence .
This thought provoking film won first prize at the Festival Africano di Milano , and Best South African Feature Film at the 24th Durban International Film Festival Awards in 2003 .
Shooting Bokkie was originally released as an impactful short film . The Short won a Gold Award at the 1999 South African National Film and Video Association Awards .
The documentary was shot on minimal budget ( largely privately raised ) , and took five years to make . The difficulty De Mezieres and Rist encountered in raising a budget for this film , together with examples like Timothy Greene 's innovative solution to funding problems in the making of Boy called Twist , illustrate some of the challenges that face South African filmmakers in getting movies into production .
The short version of Shooting Bokkie can be viewed at
]
Filmography
2007 Editor Prey - The Making of
2004 Editor 'Home '
2003 Writer-Director-Editor Shooting Bokkie ( The Feature )
2001 Director-Editor Fudukazi 's Magic
2000 Editor Taming the Tugela
1999 Writer-Director-Editor Shooting Bokkie The Short
1993 Editor-Director Raptures of The Deep ( Gold Award , UNESCA )
References
http : //www.tvsa.co.za/showinfo.asp ? showid=999
https : //www.variety.com/review/VE1117920308.html ? categoryid=31 & cs=1
BFI.org
http : //imdb.com/title/tt1172539/
External links
Official site
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
South African film directors
Joe Derek King is a former professional American football player who played safety for five seasons for the Cincinnati Bengals , the Cleveland Browns , the Tampa Bay Buccaneers , and the Oakland Raiders . King is the cousin of former NFL player Roddrick Muckelroy .
Early years
King was born in Dallas , Texas and went to high school at South Oak Cliff High School where he played Quarterback . During a recruiting trip to Oklahoma State University–Stillwater , he decided to attend college there and play for Oklahoma State Cowboys football . While he envisioned playing Quarterback for them , he was moved to the position of Defensive back .
Music career
King is also a country music singer who performs in Texas and various other states . One of his original songs , `` Wide Open Places '' was included on the soundtrack for the motion picture , Sing For Their Supper that goes to support Street Music Week in Spokane , Washington .
King took a break from performing live , but has recently re-released his single , `` Down In Stillwater Oklahoma '' on streaming platforms .
In September of 2020 , Joe King recorded his EP entitled , `` Starting Over Again '' at the Studios At Fischer in Fischer , Texas . Benny McArthur , a longtime member of George Strait 's Ace In The Hole Band produced the project . Five songs were recorded for the EP . Those songs are Down In Stillwater Oklahoma , Drinkin ' Doubles , Have Another Beer , Running To Stay , and Starting Over Again .
Joe King released , `` Down In Stillwater Oklahoma '' as his debut single to radio on November 10 , 2020 . The song charted the next week on the Texas Regional Radio Report . It stayed on the Texas Regional Radio Report chart for 26 weeks and peaked at number 24 . King also released , `` Have Another Beer '' to digital streaming platforms in early 2021 , but did not release it to radio .
King released , `` Drinkin ' Doubles '' in September of 2021 to radio . Although the song did not climb as high as Down In Stillwater Oklahoma , it did hit the top 30 , peaking at number 27 on the Texas Regional Radio Report chart and maintained a presence on the Texas Regional Radio Report chart for 25 weeks .
References
External links
joekingband.com
1968 births
Living people
Players of American football from Dallas
American football safeties
Oklahoma State Cowboys football players
Cincinnati Bengals players
Cleveland Browns players
Tampa Bay Buccaneers players
Oakland Raiders players
Bob Malach ( born August 23 , 1954 ) is an American jazz saxophonist .
Malach learned several reed instruments in his youth , and played with Philadelphia soul bands such as The Stylistics and The O'Jays while still a teenager . He played in the big bands of Lin Biviano and Les Elgart in the mid-1970s , then moved to New York City in 1977 , where he met Alphonse Mouzon . He recorded with Mouzon and went on tour with him in Europe , leading to eventual collaborations with European jazz artists including George Gruntz , Chris Hinze , Joachim Kuhn , Didier Lockwood , Palle Mikkelborg , Michel Petrucciani , Aldo Romano , Bo Stief , and Jasper Va n't Hof .
In the US , Malach played extensively both in jazz circles and with pop , rock , and soul musicians . He worked with Stanley Clarke in the 1970s , and in the 1980s and 1990s played with , among others , Madonna , Horace Silver , Bob Mintzer , Robben Ford , Stevie Wonder , Steve Miller , Joe Zawinul , Mike Stern , Georgie Fame , Ben Sidran , Leni Stern , and Dave Weckl .
Discography
Some People ( MPS , 1980 )
Mood Swing ( Go Jazz , 1990 )
Dinner for Two with Jasper van 't Hof ( MA Music , 1990 )
The Prague Concert with Jasper van 't Hof ( P & J Music , 1992 )
The Searcher ( Go Jazz , 1995 )
After Hours ( Go Jazz , 1998 )
Conversations with Michel Petrucciani ( Go Jazz , 2000 )
Pseudopodia with Jasper van 't Hof ( In+Out , 2008 )
As sideman
Louis Bellson , Originals ( Stash , 1980 )
George Gruntz , First Prize ( Enja , 1989 )
Bill O'Connell , Latin Jazz Fantasy ( Random Chance , 2004 )
References
Mark Gilbert , `` Bob Malach '' . The New Grove Dictionary of Jazz . 2nd edition , ed . Barry Kernfeld .
1954 births
American jazz saxophonists
American male saxophonists
Living people
Musicians from Philadelphia
21st-century saxophonists
Jazz musicians from Pennsylvania
21st-century American male musicians
American male jazz musicians
Martin Wandel ( 15 April 1892 – 14 January 1943 ) was a German general in the Wehrmacht during World War II . He also a recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross of Nazi Germany . Wandel was killed on 14 January 1943 when his command post was overrun in part of the encirclement in the Battle of Stalingrad .
Awards
Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross on 23 November 1941 as Generalmajor and commander of 121 . Infanterie-Division
References
Citations
Bibliography
1892 births
1943 deaths
German military personnel of World War I
Prussian Army personnel
Recipients of the clasp to the Iron Cross , 1st class
Recipients of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross
German military personnel killed in World War II
Military personnel from Berlin
People from the Province of Brandenburg
Generals of the German Army ( Wehrmacht )
Generals of Artillery ( Wehrmacht )
Reichswehr personnel
Abdul-Hakim Rajab Elwaer ( born in 1967 in Tripoli , Libya ) is a Libyan diplomat , politician and development professional . He served in the Libyan government as Secretary ( Minister ) of Environment from 2004 to 2007 . He worked at the African Union Commission in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia as Director of Administration and Human Resources Management , as well as Director of Human Resources , Sciences & Technology from 2007 to 2014 . Currently , he is the official Spokesperson and the Director of Cooperation and Resource Mobilization Department of the Islamic Development Bank ( IsDB ) in Jeddah , Saudi Arabia . In this capacity , he is in charge of regional cooperation and integration , resource mobilization and partnership with regional and international organizations . In addition , he is the Ag . Director of Country Programs ( Sub-Saharan Africa ) and he served as Coordinator ( Ag . Vice President ) for Cooperation and Capacity Development at IsDB . In January 2017 , he was a strong candidate for the post of Deputy Chairperson of African Union Commission where he competed with the current DCP .
Under UNEP he served as the President of African Ministerial Conference on Environment ( AMCEN ) and under UNESCO , he served as Member of the Governing Board of the UNESCO International Institute for Capacity Building in Africa ( UNESCO-IICBA ) .
Early years
Hakim was born in Fashlom at the centre of the Libyan capital , Tripoli where he spent his childhood in a modest household . He is the third of six siblings . He developed a passion for service for humanity at a very tender age of 6 years when he became an active member of the Boy Scouts Association and other voluntary groups that shaped his networking capabilities and personality as a team player and a team leader . During his service with the Boy Scouts , he joined Sea Scouts group and developed talent skills for marines ' sports and adventures . He is a founding member of the Libyan Sailing Federation and a trained judge of the International Sailing Federation . He is a holder of Sailing/Yachting Ocean Skipper of the UK Royal Yachting Association . It is during his membership of these groups that Hakim developed interest for international affairs and development cooperation .
Hakim speaks Arabic , English and moderate French .
Education
Upon graduation in 1987 from the Environmental Technologies Studies Department , Higher Institute of Technology , University of Sebha in Libya , Hakim moved to Malta to study at UK Institute of Systems Analysts and Computer Programmers . He completed the institution 's courses , earning a Graduate Diploma in Systems Analysis and Computer Programming . He later obtained a Doctorate of philosophy in Environmental Sciences in 2000 from the University of Sheffield in the United Kingdom . He also followed several professional training courses , among others :
-Gestalt Organizations and Systems Development ( International Gestalt Center of Organizations and Systems Development – Cleveland , USA ) .
-Kaizen Continual Improvement ( Deloitte – Kenya ) .
-Parmenides Eidos Strategic Thinking ( Parmenides Foundation – Munich , Germany ) .
-Leadership Development Program ( Harvard University – Boston , USA ) .
-Environmental Management Systems ISO 14001 and Health and Safety Auditing Systems ISO 18001 ( University of Salford – Manchester , UK ) .
-Lead Auditor of Quality Management Systems ISO 9000:2000 ( SGS International , Switzerland ) .
-Advanced Resources and Projects Management ( UNESCO – Paris , France ) .
-Project Management , Supervision and Management Skills for Managers ( Libyan National Oil Corporation – Tripoli , Libya ) .
Impact of Hakim life journey on his beliefs .
Hakim has worked in different positions as a civil servant , as a university lecturer , as a minister and as a senior official in several inter-governmental organizations . Hakim exposure to different cultures and work environments make him who he is today . All these different roles and activities make him a strong believer in multicultural teamwork and an advocate for change with commitment to continuous improvement for the betterment of himself , the team , the organization and humanity .
References
http : //www.elwaerhakim.com/
https : //www.linkedin.com/in/abdul-hakim-elwaer-78077a53
https : //twitter.com/aelwaer
https : //www.facebook.com/El-Waer-Hakim-1816154575264641/ ? ref=page_internal
https : //javamylove.wordpress.com/2014/09/05/an-ode-to-the-stubborn-dr-hakim-elwaer/
http : //www.unidir.org/files/medias/pdfs/about-the-speakers-eng-0-536.pdf
http : //www.peaceau.org/uploads/au-libya-joint-communique-17jan12.pdf
http : //spacenews.com/35033europe-changes-tactics-in-push-for-space-code-of-conduct/
https : //books.google.com/books ? id=13826A7rgoAC & pg=PR13 & lpg=PR13 & dq=hakim+elwaer & source=bl & ots=ml2OZ0K_wv & sig=rxfqTH_nK2sp0s4pC7MtpbjiSEE & hl=en & sa=X & ved=0ahUKEwiTyer2t7LRAhUBsxQKHVp0AEM4ChDoAQgyMAg # v=onepage & q=hakim % 20elwaer & f=false
https : //books.google.com/books ? id=cBirmVPsYXcC & pg=PA544 & lpg=PA544 & dq=hakim+elwaer & source=bl & ots=JFxny7q5fh & sig=52RtCim74HhiefCak0PSe3QGlVk & hl=en & sa=X & ved=0ahUKEwiTyer2t7LRAhUBsxQKHVp0AEM4ChDoAQg3MAo # v=onepage & q=hakim % 20elwaer & f=false
http : //www.researchresearch.com/news/article/ ? articleId=1343716
https : //web.archive.org/web/20170202033134/http : //www.jkuat.ac.ke/pauisti/2013/07/visit-by-the-hrst-director/
http : //ec.europa.eu/avservices/photo/photoByReportage.cfm ? sitelang=en & ref=020577
http : //www.africa-eu-partnership.org/en/newsroom/all-news/science-and-technology-key-africas-socio-economic-advancement
1967 births
Libyan diplomats
Libyan politicians
Living people
Shear ( Walther Feyzioglu ) is a fictional character , a Marvel Comics superhero ( but not in the Marvel Universe ) , member of the Strikeforce : Morituri ( a series in its own mostly self-contained continuity ) . The character was created by Peter B. Gillis and Brent Anderson .
Publication history
Shear was created by writer Peter B. Gillis and artist Brent Anderson and debuted in Strikeforce : Morituri # 13 ( December 1987 ) . Shear remained in the regular cast of the book until his death in Strikeforce : Morituri # 25 .
Fictional character biography
Walther Feyzioglu was born in Germany , the son of Turkish immigrants . He grew to become an aggressive young man , partially because of the racism his family faced . In 2073 , he was working in a factory in İzmir , Turkey , when he applied to participate in the Morituri program , a scientific program which grants superhuman abilities to its recipients , to be used as Earth 's soldiers in its ongoing war against the invading alien race known as the Horde . However , the process also had a fatal side-effect : it inevitably claimed the lives of its recipients within a year , due to an unsolvable flaw .
Eager to fight the Horde , Feyzioglu applied for the process and was qualified as one of the few genetically eligible to undertake it . Thanks to the process , he developed the ability to disrupt molecular bonds from a meter away , for both inorganic and organic matter . Subsequently , he gained the codename `` Shear '' and became part of the third generation of Strikeforce : Morituri .
Shear proved to be extremely aggressive and bloodthirsty in battle . To demonstrate he had no mercy for his enemies , he started wearing a costume based on that of 20th-century comic book character Punisher , drawing parallels between Punisher 's lack of mercy towards enemies and his own . He also proved undisciplined and often defied his superiors , the Paedia World Government , feeling that the Morituri were exploited and used as expendable pawns . He also felt the team was used less frequently in battles than they should . Later , when one of the team members , Radian , was perceived as having gone traitorous , Shear killed him in retaliation .
Later , Yuri Pogorelich , Commander of the Morituri , decided to appoint Shear the new squad leader of Strikeforce : Morituri , a post he fiercely declined . Despite Shear 's wishes to the contrary , Pogorelich forced him to his new position , although the task was later given to another team member , Brava .
Death
At some point , during a battle in which the team were protecting a TV station from the attack of the Horde , one of the Morituri , Backhand , exploded due to the Morituri effect . As a result , Shear was injured in the head . Unbeknownst to him , he began developing a brain tumor . Suffering from headaches , he also began growing increasingly paranoid and began suffering persecution mania , believing that everyone was involved in a massive conspiracy whose purpose was to annihilate him . He also believed that new team member , Scanner , was intentionally giving him these headaches , since he began having them after Scanner joined . Finally , in a psychotic fit , Shear murdered Commander Pogorelich . The team engaged him , and , during a confrontation with Scanner , Shear fell to his death from the roof where they were fighting .
References
Comics characters introduced in 1987
Marvel Comics characters with superhuman strength
Marvel Comics male superheroes
Marvel Comics superheroes
Fictional German people
Strikeforce : Morituri
Ayse Romey is an American-born actress . She starred in two German-Turkish films , Mavi Surgun and Yasemin .
She and her mother Birsel obtained a provisional order to prohibit the sale of Maxim Biller 's novel `` Esra '' , which was later confirmed by the German Federal Court , because they claimed to have seen themselves reflected in characters in the book . This verdict caused an outcry in the German public regarding the freedom of the arts ( 2007 ) .
Awards
1989 : Bavarian Film Award `` Best Young Actress '' for Yasemin
1989 : Deutscher Filmpreis `` Best Actress '' for Yasemin
External links
American film actresses
Living people
American people of Turkish descent
German people of Turkish descent
American emigrants to Germany
Year of birth missing ( living people )
German film actresses
Kartir , the great and influential Sasanian priest , has left an inscription in Naqsh-e Rajab in the Chamgan mountain . The inscription is located about one kilometer away from the south of ancient Istakhr city , and about three kilometers away from the north of Takht-e Jamshid . In Naqsh-e Rajab , there are also some figures of Ardashir I and Shapur I. Kartir 's inscription is incised next to another inscription that shows Ahura Mazda appointing Ardashir I as the Shahanshah of Ērānshahr . Kartir is the only non-king person who was granted the right to have an inscription .
Kartir 's inscription contains 31 lines in Middle Persian and in the left side of it , a portrait of Kartir himself is incised . The text introduces Kartir and briefly describes his ascent ( Kardegān ) . Kartir also has two other inscriptions in Naqsh-e Rostam and Sarmashhad that describe his ascent in more detail . He wants the reader to follow the path of Ahura Mazda like him and briefly lists his deeds , like building fire temples and devoting property to other Mobads . He then lists his titles in the Sasanian court : `` mobad and herbad '' in the time of Shapour I , `` Kartir , the mobad of Hormozd '' in the time of Hormozd I and Bahram I , and `` Mobad Kartir whom Bahram and Hormozd saved his soul '' at the time of Bahram II . This part is described in more details in 3 other inscriptions he has left behind . At the end , he mentions a certain `` Bōxtag '' as his `` dabir '' ( scribe ) .
Unfortunately , the word `` Mowbadan Mowbed '' was vandalized in the inscription .
References
Sources
Sasanian inscriptions
3rd-century inscriptions
Rock reliefs in Iran
The second season of The Bachelorette , an ABC reality television series , premiered on January 14 , 2004 , featuring Meredith Phillips dating 25 men .
Phillips was rejected by Bob Guiney in the fourth season of The Bachelor , where she was the second runner-up . She ultimately chose Ian McKee , but they broke up in February 2005 .
Contestants
Call-Out Order
Episode 7 was a special `` Men Tell All '' episode .
The contestant was eliminated at the rose ceremony
The contestant won the competition
Meredith Phillips
Meredith Phillips is a make-up artist , model , and former contestant on the fourth season of ABC 's The Bachelor . After the show , she published Date Night Cookbook .
Episodes
References
2004 American television seasons
The Bachelorette ( American TV series ) seasons
Television shows filmed in California
Television shows filmed in New York ( state )
Television shows filmed in Texas
Francesco Benaglio ( c. 1432 - 1492 ) was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period .
His original name was Francesco di Pietro della Biada . 'Della Biada ' ( or ' a Blado ' ) means 'of the oats ' and was a reference to the profession of his father Pietro who was a grain merchant from Bergamo . Francesco moved with his family to Verona , where he is documented from 1456 until his death . He adopted his artist name Francesco Benaglio from a noble family then living in Bergamo .
The artist was active in Verona . His first known work is a triptych in the church of San Bernardino in Verona ( 1462-1463 ) . This was a prestigious commission and suggests he was already quite famous by that time . In 1475 , Benaglio and another painter by the name of Martino were jailed for four months for painting one night some obscene or defamatory frescoes on the facade of the Sagramorso family palace , apparently at the behest of enemies of the family .
A group of five Madonnas ascribed to the artist show an ostentatious use of perspective foreshortening together with an almost geometric rigidity in the drawing of the figures . The monumentality of the figures is further emphasized by the highly stylized landscapes in the background .
References
External links
15th-century Italian painters
Italian male painters
Painters from Verona
Renaissance painters
Fresco painters
Year of birth uncertain
1432 births
1492 deaths
Zarbofoot ( , also Romanized as `` Zarb-o-Foot '' or `` Zarb-o-Fūt '' , ) is an Iranian musical band who has been active since 2017 .
Professional activity
Zarbofoot was formed by Dariush Salehpour and Amir Mohammadi in the spring of 2017 , and was joined later by the other members including Reza Tajbakhsh .
The band comprises a spectrum of wind instruments and electronic music with a touch of jazz and impromptu performance . The themes of the band 's music are mostly worldwide and social .
Zarbofoot gave its debut concert on 1 December 2018 at Niavaran Cultural House on the occasion of World AIDS Day with the collaboration of the United Nations and UNAIDS in Iran , which was an electrojazz performance .
Band 's name
The name `` Zarbofoot '' ( zarb + -o- + foot ) is in fact an exaggerated Persian equivalent for the English words `` saxophone '' and `` beat '' .
Members
Zarbofoot has five main players :
Dariush Salehpur ( b . 1980 ) , electronic instruments
Reza Tajbakhsh ( b . 1981 ) , piano
Alireza Miragha ( b . 1979 ) , trumpet
Soroush Omoumi ( b . 1988 ) , flute and percussion
Amir Mohammadi ( b . 1986 ) , saxophone and clarinet
Collaborations
The band have collaborated with some famous singers , among them : Salar Aghili , Mohsen Yeganeh , Homayoun Shajarian , Farzad Farzin , and Benyamin Bahadori .
Works
Plastic Garden ( Album ) , released 14 November 2019
`` Walking in the Rain '' , electrojazz , 2017
`` Plastic garden '' , electrojazz , 2018
The album and both songs ' composer , arranger , and mixer is Dariush Salehpour .
See also
Dariush Salehpour
References and footnotes
External links
www.bia2.com Zarbofoot ( Persian )
www.bia2.com Plastic Garden by Zarbofoot ( Persian )
1978 births
Living people
Iranian songwriters
Iranian composers
Persian musicians
People from Rasht
Naryury Alexandra Pérez Reveron ( born 29 September 1992 ) is a Venezuelan weightlifter who competes in the +75 kg division from Yaracuy . She won bronze medals at the 2013 and 2014 Pan American Championships and a silver medal at the 2015 Pan American Games . She failed all clean and jerk attempts at the 2016 Olympics and hence did not finish . In 2015 , she was named Most Outstanding Athlete of the Year by the Institute of Sport Yaracuy and regional sports journalists .
Major results
References
External links
1992 births
Living people
Olympic weightlifters of Venezuela
Weightlifters at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Venezuelan female weightlifters
Pan American Games medalists in weightlifting
Pan American Games silver medalists for Venezuela
Weightlifters at the 2015 Pan American Games
South American Games bronze medalists for Venezuela
South American Games medalists in weightlifting
Competitors at the 2018 South American Games
Weightlifters at the 2019 Pan American Games
Medalists at the 2015 Pan American Games
Pan American Weightlifting Championships medalists
Weightlifters at the 2020 Summer Olympics
20th-century Venezuelan women
21st-century Venezuelan women
2010 Quetta Civil Hospital bombing occurred on 16 April 2010 in Quetta , Pakistan . Killing at least 12 people and injuring 47 people including Shia Hazara PPP Member of National Assembly Syed Nasir Ali Shah and his son . His guards were killed and injured . The killed two Hazara police officers .
The incident took place when they had arrived to condole the death of a Shia bank manager who was killed by unidentified gunmen earlier .
Background
Pakistan , which has a mostly Sunni population , has seen sectarian attacks against minorities including Shias , who account for about 15–25 % of Pakistan 's population , and are the followers of the Prophet 's progeny . Sunni militant groups like Lashkar-e-Jhangvi and Sipah-e-Sahaba Pakistan which operate freely in Pakistan have for years targeted minorities including Shias . Hazaras who are predominantly Shia have been killed since 1998 due to their distinct facial features . Sayed Nasir Ali Shah known to be the first ever Hazara elected as the member of National assembly was expected to visit the hospital .
References
Persecution of Hazara people
Terrorist incidents in Pakistan in 2010
Violence against Shia Muslims in Pakistan
The discontinuity effect is known as the markedly greater competitiveness displayed between different , interacting groups relative to the competitiveness displayed when individuals interact with other individuals . Given that group competition over scarce resources is believed to lead to group-level conflict ( see realistic group conflict theory ) , it has been asserted that the link between competition and conflict is also considerably more powerful between groups than between individuals . While individuals within a group may prefer to be cooperative , once they join together to make a collective unit , individual orientations favoring cooperation tend to be overshadowed by competitive orientations of the group .
The discontinuity between individuals and groups has been consistently replicated in laboratory settings , but are not confined to them . These effects emerge during sports activities , sessions of classes , and even when groups merge to plan or strategize ( Forsyth , 2010 ) .
Causes
The discontinuity effect is consistent , which suggests that it emerges due to a number of causes , which may ultimately combine to intensify inter-group conflict . These causes are greed , anonymity , fear , ingroup favoritism , and diffusion of responsibility .
Greed : First of all , when individuals congregate to form groups , they typically become more greedy . This change in disposition develops as group members realize and discover that they are in similar pursuit of maximizing group- level gains and are therefore in competition with other groups to achieve them . This social support then spurs the group members onto smaller levels of greed .
Fear : People tend to fear aggregations of individuals ( i.e. , groups ) more than they fear individuals in singularity . Groups are described as more abrasive , competitive , and aggressive , and also less agreeable , cooperative , and trustworthy . In extreme cases , this general distrust may lead to intergroup paranoia , which is the belief held by members of one group that they will be mistreated by members of a malevolent outgroup .
Ingroup favoritism : Group members may feel pressure to do what they can to maximize a group 's collective outcomes and maintain a sense of group duty . This is the sense that as being a part of ( or leader of ) a group is to do what increases group achievements , even if it comes at a cost to an outside group .
Diffusion of responsibility : This is a phenomenon whereby a person is less likely to take responsibility for an action or inaction while others are present , and it has been shown to contribute to the discontinuity effect . Individual group members may feel that others are either responsible for taking action , or have already done so , and therefore are not ultimately responsible for their actions within a group setting .
See also
Conflict resolution
Group conflict
References
Group processes
The United Office and Professional Workers of America ( UOPWA ) ( 1937–1950 ) was a CIO-affiliated union and one of the white-collar unions formed by the CPUSA-breakaway party of Lovestoneites .
History
Formation
The UOPWA of private sector clerical workers formed in 1937 when 23 white collar unions merged , including the Office Workers Union , and the Bookkeepers , Stenographers , and Accountants Union ( BS & AU ) . They also left the American Federation of Labor ( AFL ) for the Congress of Industrial Organizations ( CIO ) .
Activities
`` The UOPWA held an unusual position in the newly formed CIO . In a federation committed to industrial unionism , here was a union with elements of both craft and industrial structure . ''
`` The union included a substantial group of leftwing activists and sympathizers . '' In the 1930s-1940s , Communist-swayed unions in the CIO included UOPWA , International Fur and Leather Workers Union ( IFLWU ) ; the International Longshoremen 's and Warehousemen 's Union ( ILWU ) ; the United Electrical , Radio and Machine Workers of America ( UE ) ; the International Union of Mine , Mill , and Smelter Workers ( IUMUSW ) ; the United Packinghouse Workers of America ( UPWA ) ; the Food , Tobacco , Agricultural , and Allied Workers ( FTA ) ; the Farm Equipment Workers ( FE ) ; the United Public Workers ( UPW ) ; the American Communications Association ( ACA ) ; the International Fishermen and Allied Workers of America ( IFAWA ) ; and the National Union of Marine Cooks and Stewards ( NUMCS ) .
As early as 1938 , UOPWA leadership came under Communist domination , when they suspended Anne Gould , editor of the Progressive Office Worker , who took 500 members of UOPWA Local 16 out and joined the AFL 's Bookkeepers , Stenographers and Accountants Union . UOPWA 's office workers were principally employees of the ILGWU , the Workmen 's Circle , the League for Industrial Democracy , Union Health Center , Labor Committee for Palestine , the Non-Sectarian Anti-Nazi League , and the Workmen 's Sick and Death Benefit Fund .
In 1941 , Maxwell Copelof , a New York State government official and private arbitrator , represented Amalgamated Bank in Amalgamated Bank of New York vs. United Office and Professional Workers of America , Local 16 ( UOPWA ) on the issue of job assignment .
On November 3 , 1946 , UOPWA won a strike for higher wages against Merchants Bank of New York .
In 1947-1949 , UOPWA leadership refused to sign non-Communist affidavits as required by the 1947 Taft-Hartley Act . On November 25 , 1948 , Local 16 denounced CIO president Philip Murray for proposing dissolution of UOPWA 's national leadership due to `` Communist proclivities '' of Union 16 .
Dissolution
In 1949-1950 , the CIO expelled the UOPWA due to Communist domination .
Aftermath
Shortly after expulsion from the CIO , UOPWA merged with the Food , Tobacco and Agricultural Workers Union and the Distributive Workers Union ( formed by locals that had just left the Retail , Wholesale and Department Store Union ) to create the Distributive , Processing , and Office Workers of America ( DPOWA ) . Internal disputes and political pressures brought about DPOWA 's demise by 1954 , when it merged with the Retail , Wholesale and Department Store Union .
In April 1950 , insurance workers followed Allan Haywood under a new Insurance and Allied Workers Organizing Committee ; Richard T. Leonard succeeded Haywood . In 1953 , these insurance workers held a convention in Cleveland to form a new union , the Insurance Workers of America . The Insurance Agents ' successor eventually merged with the United Food and Commercial Workers .
Some Consumers Union members protested the change to the Distributive , Processing , and Office Workers of America and narrowly ( 66 to 57 votes ) won new membership under the Newspaper Guild of New York .
In 1969 , ten of the largest local unions ( representing 40,000 members ) belonging to the Retail , Wholesale and Department Store Union disaffiliated from that international union , formed a new union ( the National Council of Distributive Workers of America ) , and joined the Alliance for Labor Action . The Distributive Workers joined the United Auto Workers in 1979 .
Membership
UOPWA 's membership was largely female and included people with small manufacturers , insurance , banks ( e.g. , Bankers Trust ) , finance , and direct mail . It also included professional workers such as engineers as well as more than 300 members of the Consumers Union . Membership peaked in 1948 with 75,000 members in 100 locals in cities nationwide , though centered in New York City . Insurance workers alone included 40,000 people , of whom 90 % were insurance agents .
Members included Vicki Garvin ( 1915-2007 ) , a champion of African American and women 's rights who served as UOPWA 's research director and was also a member of the National Negro Congress ( 1945 ) and of the Communist Party USA ( 1947 ) .
Confusion with UPWA
UOPWA was not the same as the United Public Workers of America ( UPWA ) ( 1946–1952 ) , a fellow CIO member , also expelled from the CIO in 1950 .
Publications
`` Summary of the proceedings of the convention of the United Office and Professional Workers of America '' ( 1938 )
You Can Get It : How White Collar Workers Can Win Higher Pay by Lewis Merrill ( 1946 )
House We Built : UOPWA , How It Is Set Up , How It Is Run ( 1947 )
Career ( 1948 )
`` The Facts of Life : An Economic Report '' ( 1948 ) by Vicki Garvin
See also
Vicki Garvin
United Furniture Workers of America
United Public Workers of America
References
External links
Library of Congress - United Office and Professional Workers of America
History Matters - “ Susie Steno ” : A Union 's View of Clerical Workers ( 1937 )
Congress of Industrial Organizations - inventory of the Records of the Congress of Industrial Organizations at The American Catholic History Research Center and University Archives
1937 establishments in the United States
1954 disestablishments in the United States
Defunct trade unions in the United States
Trade unions established in 1937
Rory Smith may refer to :
Rory Smith ( journalist ) , journalist of The New York Times
Rory Smith ( lacrosse player ) ( born 1987 ) , Canadian professional lacrosse player
Le réveil du Z , written by Tome and drawn by Janry , is the thirty-seventh album of the Spirou et Fantasio series , and the fifth of the authors . The story was initially serialised in Spirou magazine before being released as a hardcover album in 1986 .
Story
In The Awakening of Z , after the extraordinary temporal adventure that they have just lived at the sides of Aurélien de Champignac , Spirou and Fantasio resume their journalistic activities . Fantasio is confronted with the skepticism of his new director of information , Kakeukh , who refuses to publish his article about the adventure . Being drunk , Fantasio is victim of an accident in the staircase of the Dupuis Editions , which obliges him to remain at the house with Spirou . The same evening , Snouffelaire appears in the house and it is suddenly transported to 2062 , the time of Aurélien .
They quickly discover , in company of So-Yah , the assistant of Aurélien , that the world is at the mercy of the descendant of Zorglub . Captured by Zorglhommes , they rejoin Aurélien but succeed in escaping before breaking the Zorgloge , the heart of Zorglub Jr 's power . Aurélien , grateful , returns them to their own time .
References
Tome publications in Spirou and Janry publications in Spirou BDoubliées
External links
Spirou official site album index
Spirou et Fantasio albums
Works originally published in Spirou ( magazine )
Literature first published in serial form
1986 books
1986 in comics
Fiction set in the 2060s
Comics set in the 21st century
Comics about time travel
Julia Mary Langdon ( born July 1946 ) is a British journalist and writer .
A political journalist since 1971 , she became a lobby correspondent in 1974 . Leaving The Guardian in 1984 , she was appointed political editor of the Daily Mirror , the first woman to hold the position on a national newspaper in the UK . Later , Langdon was a political editor of The Sunday Telegraph . Having children , however , was one of the reasons she left the parliamentary lobby in the 1990s .
Langdon has been a freelance writer since 1992 , and has written a biography of the Labour politician Mo Mowlam ( 2000 ) and is writing a biography of former Prime Minister Gordon Brown . She has also worked as a broadcaster for the BBC . She presented a programme on BBC Radio 4 about the recruitment of female spies , which featured an interview with Eliza Manningham-Buller former head of The Security Service . In the programme Langdon revealed that she had been approached at school to work for the secret services .
References
1946 births
Living people
British journalists
The Guardian journalists
Kamshoku ( , also Romanized as Kamshokū ) is a village in Madvarat Rural District , in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County , Kerman Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 20 , in 6 families .
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Stachytarpheta cayennensis is a species of flowering plant in the verbena family known by many English language common names , including blue snakeweed , Cayenne snakeweed , dark-blue snakeweed , bluetop , nettle-leaf porterweed , rattail , rough-leaf false vervain , blue rat 's tail , Brazilian tea , Cayenne vervain , false verbena , joee , nettleleaf velvetberry , and Cayenne porterweed . Names in other languages include honagasō ( Japanese ) , gervão-urticante ( Brazilian Portuguese ) , piche de gato , rabo de zorro ( Spanish ) , herbe á chenille , herbe bleue , queue de rat ( French ) , ōi or ōwī ( Hawaiian ) , sakura or ouchung ( Chuukese ) , and tiāki ( Māori ) . It is native to the Americas , from Mexico south through Central and South America to Argentina , as well as many islands of the Caribbean . It is known in many other parts of the world as an introduced species , including regions in Africa , India , Indonesia , Australia , Florida in the United States , and many Pacific Islands . Its distribution is now considered pantropical . In many places , such as New Caledonia , it has become an invasive species .
This plant is a perennial herb or shrub growing up to 2 or 2.5 meters tall . It has an upright , branching stem , sometimes with a woody base . The leaves are oppositely arranged . The blades are up to 8 to 10 centimeters long , oval in shape with sharply toothed edges , and rough-textured or wrinkly on the upper surfaces . The inflorescence is a very narrow spike up to 40 to 45 centimeters long covered in pointed bracts . Occasional flower corollas bloom from between the bracts . The flowers are deep purple-blue to lavender with pale centers , and white-flowered plants are known . The flowers last a single day before wilting . The plant was named for Cayenne , the capital of French Guiana .
In some places this plant is simply naturalized . It may be a casual weed , a `` garden thug '' , a crop pest , or an invasive species with effects on the local ecosystem . It is well-adapted to disturbed , cultivated , and wasted land . It grows in pastures , on cropland , and on roadsides . In grazed fields it propagates rapidly because livestock find it distasteful , avoid it , and selectively graze out the other vegetation . In rainy areas it can form thick beds , but it easily persists in dry areas .
In Florida , this Stachytarpheta is often confused with a closely related native species , S. jamaicensis . It has appealing flower displays that attract butterflies ; in its native range it was observed to attract 98 different species . It is mistakenly sold as the native ornamental , planted , and allowed to take hold . It then has the potential to become a noxious weed . Hybrids of the two species also occur when it is introduced . Intentional plantings for ornamental purposes are a common way that this plant spreads . It is also introduced when the seed is transported in garden waste , rainwater , fodder , and contaminated seed shipments , and on vehicles .
Methods of control include keeping the plants cut down or pulling them up , taking care to remove the large roots . Herbicides such as glyphosate are used .
This plant has some uses in traditional medicine . Several Latin American peoples recognize extracts of the plant as a treatment to ease the symptoms of malaria . The boiled juice or a tea made from the leaves or the whole plant is taken to relieve fever and other symptoms . It is also used for dysentery , pain , and liver disorders . A tea of the leaves is taken to help control diabetes in Peru and other areas . Laboratory tests indicate that the plant has anti-inflammatory properties .
References
cayennensis
Medicinal plants of North America
Medicinal plants of Central America
Medicinal plants of South America
Pantropical flora
Bloodsucking Cinema is a 2007 documentary film about vampire films and it has horror directors talking about the genre . It is an Anchor Bay Entertainment film and it aired on Starz ' Fear Fest .
References
External links
Video Business
2007 television films
2007 films
American television films
Canadian horror television films
Documentary films about films
Canadian vampire films
Documentary films about horror
2000s English-language films
2000s Canadian films
Wang Dan ( ; born January 17 , 1980 ) is an athlete from the People 's Republic of China . She competes in triathlon .
Wang competed at the first Olympic triathlon at the 2000 Summer Olympics . She took thirty-second place with a total time of 2:08:49.10 .
In the 2004 Summer Olympics , her rank diminished . From thirty-second to sixty-ninth , Wang dropped thirty-seven whole spots .
References
sports-reference
1980 births
Living people
Chinese female triathletes
Triathletes at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Olympic triathletes of China
20th-century Chinese women
21st-century Chinese women
The 2011 Elimination Chamber ( known as No Way Out in Germany ) was the second Elimination Chamber professional wrestling pay-per-view ( PPV ) event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) . It was held for wrestlers from the promotion 's Raw and SmackDown brand divisions . The event took place on February 20 , 2011 , at the Oracle Arena in Oakland , California . This was the last Elimination Chamber held under the first brand extension , which ended in August , but was reinstated in July 2016 .
The concept of the event was that the two main event matches occurred in the Elimination Chamber . The main event was Raw 's Elimination Chamber match , in which John Cena defeated CM Punk , John Morrison , R-Truth , Randy Orton , and Sheamus to become the number one contender for the WWE Championship at WrestleMania XXVII . In SmackDown 's Elimination Chamber match , Edge retained the World Heavyweight Championship against Big Show , Drew McIntyre , Kane , Rey Mysterio , and Wade Barrett . On the undercard , The Corre ( Justin Gabriel and Heath Slater ) defeated Santino Marella and Vladimir Kozlov to win the WWE Tag Team Championship , and The Miz retained the WWE Championship against Jerry Lawler .
The event received 212,000 buys , lower than the 287,000 buys that the previous year 's event received .
Production
Background
In 2010 , World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) held an event titled Elimination Chamber as a gimmick pay-per-view that replaced their previous event , No Way Out . The concept of the show was that the two main event matches were contested inside the Elimination Chamber , with Raw 's WWE Championship and SmackDown 's World Heavyweight Championship , respectively , at stake in each . The following year , WWE scheduled a second event to be held on February 20 , 2011 , at the Oracle Arena in Oakland , California , thus establishing Elimination Chamber as a recurring pay-per-view . It featured wrestlers from the Raw and SmackDown brands .
The Elimination Chamber name was chosen by a fan poll , however , the inaugural show was promoted as `` No Way Out '' in Germany as it was feared that the name `` Elimination Chamber '' may remind people of the gas chambers used during the Holocaust . For 2011 , it was renamed to `` No Escape '' for the German broadcast .
Storylines
The professional wrestling matches at Elimination Chamber featured professional wrestlers performing as characters in scripted events pre-determined by the hosting promotion , WWE . Storylines between the characters were produced on WWE 's weekly television shows Raw and SmackDown of the Raw and SmackDown brands—storyline divisions in which WWE assigned its employees to different programs .
After The Miz won the WWE Championship in November 2010 , Raw commentator Jerry Lawler was given what was billed as his first WWE Championship match , after criticizing Miz 's win by using his Money in the Bank briefcase while former champion Randy Orton was injured . He lost to Miz in a TLC match after his fellow commentator Michael Cole stopped Lawler from climbing the ladder . On the January 31 episode of Raw , the Raw general manager announced a Raw Rumble match , to determine the WWE Championship contender at Elimination Chamber , while the losing participants would be entered into an Elimination Chamber match to determine who will face the WWE Champion at WrestleMania XXVII . The participants were CM Punk , Randy Orton , King Sheamus , John Morrison , John Cena , Jerry Lawler , and R-Truth . Lawler last eliminated Sheamus to win the battle royal to earn himself the title match , while the other six contestants went on to participate in the Raw Elimination Chamber match .
At the Royal Rumble , Alberto Del Rio won the eponymous match to earn himself a World Championship match at WrestleMania . He subsequently announced he would wrestle for the World Heavyweight Championship , held at the time by Edge . Edge was then embroiled in a feud with Dolph Ziggler and his on-screen ex-wife Vickie Guerrero , who was also scripted to be dating Ziggler . The week before the Elimination Chamber Edge and Kelly Kelly defeated Ziggler and LayCool , causing Guerrero to fire Kelly Kelly . At the pay-per-view , Kelly Kelly was rehired by Teddy Long and attacked Vickie , but was stopped by Laycool , who in turn was stopped by Trish Stratus . On the final episode of SmackDown before the pay-per-view , acting general manager Guerrero stripped Edge of the championship and awarded it to Ziggler , only for Theodore Long , the real general manager , to give Edge a return match which he won . After this , Long fictitiously Kayfabe fired Ziggler leaving an open spot in the Elimination Chamber match ( which was subsequently filled by Big Show ) . The other participants were Kane , Rey Mysterio , Wade Barrett and Drew McIntyre . After that event , Edge and Kelly Kelly defeated Drew McIntyre and Vickie Guerrero thus making Theodore Long fire Vickie Guerrero as the official consultant of SmackDown .
Event
Preliminary matches
The event opened with Alberto Del Rio facing Intercontinental Champion Kofi Kingston . Del Rio forced Kingston to submit to the Cross Armbreaker to win the match .
Next was the Elimination Chamber match for the World Heavyweight Championship involving Edge , Rey Mysterio , Kane , Drew McIntyre , Big Show and Wade Barrett . Edge and Mysterio started the match . Barrett entered at # 3 , Kane entered at # 4 , McIntyre entered at # 5 and Big Show entered at # 6 . Barrett was eliminated by Big Show after a KO Punch . Big Show was eliminated by Kane after a Chokeslam . McIntyre was eliminated by Kane after a Chokeslam . Kane was eliminated by Edge after a Spear . Edge executed a Spear on Mysterio for a near-fall . Mysterio executed a 619 and a Slingshot Splash on Edge for a near-fall . Mysterio executed another 619 and leapt off the top rope but Edge performed a Spear on Mysterio in mid-air to eliminate him and retain the title . After the match , Alberto Del Rio attacked Edge but Christian returned and attacked Del Rio , ending the attack with a Killswitch .
After that , Santino Marella and Vladimir Kozlov defended the WWE Tag Team Championship against The Corre ( Heath Slater and Justin Gabriel ) . Gabriel performed a 450 Splash on Kozlov to win the title .
In the fourth match , The Miz faced Jerry Lawler for the WWE Championship . During the match , Lawler performed a Diving Fist Drop on Miz but Miz placed his foot on the bottom rope to void the pinfall . The Miz performed a Skull Crushing Finale on Lawler to retain the title .
Main event
The main event was an Elimination Chamber match for a WWE Championship match at Wrestlemania XXVII between CM Punk , Randy Orton , King Sheamus , John Morrison , John Cena and R-Truth . Sheamus and Morrison started the match while the other four men were locked inside pods . Orton entered at # 3 and Punk entered at # 4 but Punk 's pod would not open , allowing Orton to attack Punk . Punk was eliminated by Orton after an RKO but the Anonymous Raw General Manager announced that Punk would re-enter the match . Cena entered at # 4 and R-Truth entered at # 5 . R-Truth was eliminated by Sheamus after a Brogue Kick . Punk entered at # 6 and eliminated Orton after a GTS . Sheamus was eliminated by Morrison after a Crossbody from the top of the chamber . Morrison was eliminated by Punk after a GTS . Cena eliminated Punk after an Attitude Adjustment onto the chamber floor to win a WWE Championship match at Wrestlemania XXVII .
Aftermath
After becoming # 1 Contender to the WWE Championship , John Cena faced The Miz for the title at WrestleMania XXVII . The match ended in a double count-out but The Rock used his power as WrestleMania host to restart the match under no disqualifications and no count-outs . The Miz defeated Cena to retain the WWE Championship after The Rock hit Cena with a Rock Bottom . This would lead both Cena and The Rock to challenge each other to a match at WrestleMania XXVIII , which The Rock won .
After Elimination Chamber , Edge defended the World Heavyweight Championship against Alberto Del Rio at WrestleMania XXVII where Edge retained . On the April 11 episode of Raw , Edge retired from professional wrestling due to a legit neck injury and relinquished the World Heavyweight Championship on the April 15 episode of SmackDown , thus retiring as World Heavyweight Champion . Edge 's best friend Christian would go on to win the vacant title against Del Rio in a ladder match at Extreme Rules .
The 2011 event would be the final Elimination Chamber held during the first brand split , which ended in August . Additionally , in April , WWE ceased using the full name of `` World Wrestling Entertainment '' , with the `` WWE '' abbreviation becoming an orphaned initialism . After five years , the brand split was reinstated in mid-2016 , and the 2017 event was held exclusively for SmackDown .
Results
Elimination Chamber entrances and eliminations ( SmackDown )
Elimination Chamber entrances and eliminations ( Raw )
References
External links
Official Elimination Chamber website
2011 in California
2011
Events in Oakland , California
Professional wrestling in California
2011 WWE pay-per-view events
February 2011 events in the United States
es : WWE Elimination Chamber # 2011
Kessleria insubrica is a moth of the family Yponomeutidae . It is found in Italy .
The length of the forewings is 7.5–8 mm for males and 6.5-7.4 mm for females . The forewings are white with brown and ochre sprinkling . The hindwings are light grey . Adults are on wing from the beginning of June to the end of August .
The larvae feed on Saxifraga caesia . They live in a spinning ( a shelter like the web of a spider ) .
References
Moths described in 1993
Yponomeutidae
Endemic fauna of Italy
Moths of Europe
The ochre-browed thistletail ( Asthenes coryi ) is a species of bird in the family Furnariidae . It is endemic to western Venezuela .
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland .
References
ochre-browed thistletail
Birds of the Venezuelan Andes
Endemic birds of Venezuela
ochre-browed thistletail
Taxa named by Hans von Berlepsch
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Prys-Iorwerth is an area in the community of Llangristiolus , Ynys Môn , Wales , which is 131 miles ( 210.9 km ) from Cardiff and 215.3 miles ( 346.4 km ) from London .
References
See also
List of localities in Wales by population
Villages in Anglesey
Willi Titze ( 19 February 1890 – 30 August 1979 ) was a German painter . His work was part of the painting event in the art competition at the 1936 Summer Olympics .
References
1890 births
1979 deaths
20th-century German painters
20th-century German male artists
German male painters
Olympic competitors in art competitions
Painters from Hamburg
Idodyandole is an administrative ward in the Manyoni District of the Singida Region of Tanzania . In 2016 the Tanzania National Bureau of Statistics report there were 12,291 people in the ward , from 11,201 in 2012 .
References
Wards of Singida Region
Denis Shapovalov was the defending champion but chose to compete in the gentlemen 's singles instead . He lost to Jerzy Janowicz in the first round .
Alejandro Davidovich Fokina won the title , defeating Axel Geller in the final , 7–6 ( 7–2 ) , 6–3 .
Seeds
Draw
Finals
Top half
Section 1
Section 2
Bottom half
Section 3
Section 4
Qualifying
Seeds
Qualifiers
Draw
First qualifier
Second qualifier
Third qualifier
Fourth qualifier
Fifth qualifier
Sixth qualifier
Seventh qualifier
Eighth qualifier
References
Draw
External links
Boys ' Singles
Wimbledon Championship by year – Boys ' singles
The Dragon of Mordiford was said to reside just outside the Herefordshire village of Mordiford , at the confluence of the River Lugg and the River Wye .
From early life , the dragon , green in colour , was said to have loved a small girl named Maud who resided in Mordiford and had nurtured it from infancy . When it grew into adolescence and adulthood , she remained the only person safe from its reign . Only she could soothe it , by gently stroking its claws and cuddling with it . But it saw all other creatures in its territory , human or animal , as prey .
Early life
The legend explains that the dragon was found by a little girl from Mordiford , Maud , who had desperately wanted a pet . While wandering the forest adjacent to her village one day , Maud had found a small bright creature with a snout and small , translucent wings prowling around a small group of flowers . Excited by the creature , the girl took it home to show to her parents . Immediately her mother and father realized it was a wyvern and commanded Maud to take it back to where she had found it because it would cause trouble in the village . The indignant Maud pretended to obey but instead hid the infant dragon in a safe place in the forest . There she nurtured her `` pet '' with milk , playing with it and watching it try to fly . The dragon grew vastly each month , eventually taking on an emerald hue and developing thick , powerful wings .
Later life
In the legend , after reaching maturity , the dragon 's hunger could not be satisfied with milk anymore—it now had an enormous hunger for meat . Soon , it began to plague the local farms , killing their livestock , especially cows and sheep , and farmers were intolerant . These men tried to stop the beast by extermination , but it soon feasted upon them , finding human flesh delicious . Maud implored the beast during her visits afterward to stop its rampage . Still the beast , now fully mature , killed everything in its way except for Maud , its only friend .
The townspeople in the tale grew exhausted of the constant attacks from the dragon and desperate , sought help from the noblemen of Mordiford . A man from the local Garstone family set out in full armour to end the beast 's life forever , finding the beast nearly camouflaged into the forest 's many plants . The dragon almost instantly released a blast of fire , Garstone barely deflecting it . He aimed a lance at the wyvern 's throat , releasing it and fully penetrating through the dragon . Maud , insane with rage and grief , burst from the surrounding forest and came to mourn her past pet .
Aftermath
The story of the dragon remains part of Mordiford 's culture : it is continually mentioned in modern records of the town . From the time the dragon was said to have lived until 1811 , a portrait of the dragon appeared on the wall of the main church of the village . In 1811 , however , a vicar ordered it destroyed because dragons were considered `` a sign of the devil '' .
A reproduction of this painting of the dragon is displayed inside the church .
See also
The dragon and daughter
References
Sources
External links
Dragons of the Marches
St George and other dragon tales from Chambers ' Book of Days
Helps to Hereford history , civil and legendary , in an account of ... The Mordiford Dragon and other subjects by James Dacres Devlin - 1848
The Hereford guide : containing a concise history of the city by William Jenkins Rees - 1808
Picturesque views on the river Wye by Samuel Ireland - 1797
History from Marble by Thomas Dingley - 1868 ( images earlier - 1696 )
Hereford , cathedral and city : a handbook for the public buildings by Joseph Jones - 1858
Britannia by William Camden - 1695
Journey into South Wales : through the counties of ... Hereford in the year 1799 by George Lipscomb - 1802
Notes and Queries , compendium - 1865
European dragons
History of Herefordshire
English legendary creatures
The Preserving Welfare for Needs Not Weed Act ( ) is a bill that would prevent the use of electronic benefit transfer cards in businesses that sell marijuana .
The bill was introduced into the United States House of Representatives during the 113th United States Congress .
Background
Colorado and Washington both allow residents to buy marijuana legally .
Existing law bans the use of welfare funds at strip clubs , liquor stores , and casinos .
Provisions of the bill
This summary is based largely on the summary provided by the Congressional Research Service , a public domain source .
The Preserving Welfare for Needs Not Weed Act would amend part A ( Temporary Assistance for Needy Families ) ( TANF ) of title IV of the Social Security Act ( SSA ) to require a state receiving a TANF grant to maintain policies and practices necessary to prevent assistance under the TANF program from being used in any electronic benefit transfer ( via a card ) at any establishment that offers marijuana for sale .
Procedural history
The Preserving Welfare for Needs Not Weed Act was introduced into the United States House of Representatives on March 4 , 2014 by Rep. David G. Reichert ( R , WA-8 ) . The bill was referred to the United States House Committee on Ways and Means . On September 16 , 2014 , the House voted in a voice vote to pass the bill .
The 2018 JOBS bill included a “ Preserving Welfare for Needs not Weed ” provision .
Debate and discussion
An article on the passage of the bill that was published by ThinkProgress accused the bill of `` stigmatizing welfare recipients as druggies . '' The article described several studies into the drug usage of people on welfare , all of them finding that people on welfare use illegal drugs at a lower rate than the general population .
See also
List of bills in the 113th United States Congress
References
External links
Library of Congress - Thomas H.R . 4137
beta.congress.gov H.R . 4137
GovTrack.us H.R . 4137
OpenCongress.org H.R . 4137
WashingtonWatch.com H.R . 4137
Proposed legislation of the 113th United States Congress
Heraclides or Heracleides ( ) was a Macedonian painter , who was at first merely a marine painter of sea and ships , but afterwards acquired some distinction as a painter in encaustic . He lived in the time of Perseus , after whose fall he went to Athens ( 168 BC ) .
References
Dictionary of Greek and Roman Biography and Mythology : Heracleides.28
Pliny the Elder , Natural History , xxxv.135
Ancient Macedonian painters
Ancient Greek painters
Marine artists
2nd-century BC Macedonians
Ancient Macedonians in Athens
Schwarzenegger ( ) is a German surname that means person from Schwarzenegg , which is both a village in Switzerland ( currently split between the municipalities of Unterlangenegg and Oberlangenegg ) and a place in Land Salzburg in Austria . `` Schwarzen '' means `` black '' , and `` egg '' ( from the same root as the German word `` Ecke '' for `` corner '' ) refers to a ridge , e.g. , Eggli ( long ridge ) , Eggiman ( lives on a ridge ) , and Eggler ( farms on a ridge ) . Notable people with the surname include :
Arnold Schwarzenegger ( born 1947 ) , Austrian-American former bodybuilder , film actor , and politician
Christian Schwarzenegger ( born 1959 ) , Swiss academic and professor of criminal law at University of Zurich , second-cousin of Arnold Schwarzenegger
Gustav Schwarzenegger ( 1907–1972 ) , Austrian police chief , once married to Aurelia Jadrný ( 1922–1998 ) , father of Arnold Schwarzenegger
Katherine Schwarzenegger ( born 1989 ) , American author , daughter of Arnold Schwarzenegger
Patrick Schwarzenegger ( born 1993 ) , American entrepreneur , actor and model , son of Arnold Schwarzenegger
Patrick M. Knapp Schwarzenegger ( born 1968 ) , Austrian-American lawyer , son of Meinhard Schwarzenegger , nephew of Arnold Schwarzenegger
Afia Schwarzenegger ( born Valentina Nana Agyeiwaa in 1982 ) , Ghanaian media personality
References
German-language surnames
The Arthur O. Eve Higher Education Opportunity Program ( HEOP ) is a partnership between the State of New York and its independent colleges that provides scholarships to economically and educationally disadvantaged residents . It is mainly awarded to underrepresented minority students , such as African Americans and Hispanics .
HEOP is funded jointly by participating colleges and the New York State Arthur O. Eve Higher Education Opportunity Program , and supported , in part , by a grant from the New York State Education Department .
All HEOP students must be New York State residents ( including undocumented immigrants ) and must meet both financial and academic guidelines . The HEOP program was funded under Title V of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 and was approved by Governor Nelson Rockefeller of New York .
The program provides grants ranging from $ 40,000- $ 61,000 to more than 50 colleges to fund students admitted through HEOP .
In order to be eligible for the Higher Education Opportunity Program , a student must have been a New York State resident for 1 year , have a high school or equivalent state-approved diploma ( such as the Armed Forces ) , be academically disadvantaged ( meaning the student would not be admitted according to regular admission standards ) , be financially disadvantaged ( based on income cutoffs , varying by college ) , and demonstrate ambition to succeed .
Participating institutions
Alfred University
Bard College
Barnard College
Boricua College
Canisius College
Cazenovia College
Clarkson University
College of Mount Saint Vincent
College of Saint Rose
Columbia University ( Columbia College & School of Engineering and Applied Science )
Cornell University
Daemen College
Dowling College
D'Youville College
Five Towns College
Fordham University
Hamilton College
Hilbert College
Hobart and William Smith Colleges
Ithaca College
Keuka College
LeMoyne College
Long Island University ( Brooklyn and C.W . Post campuses )
Manhattan College
Marist College
Marymount Manhattan College
Medaille College
Mercy College
Mount Saint Mary College
Nazareth College
The New School
New York Institute of Technology ( Manhattan Center and Old Westbury campuses )
New York University
Niagara University
Nyack College
Paul Smith 's College
Pratt Institute
Rochester Institute of Technology
Russell Sage College
Sage College of Albany
St. Bonaventure University
St. John Fisher College
St. Lawrence University
St. Thomas Aquinas College
Siena College
Skidmore College
Syracuse University ( including continuing education )
Trocaire College
Union College
University of Rochester
Utica College
Vaughn College of Aeronautics & Technology
References
Scholarships in the United States
A business game is a simulation game which simulates a business .
The expression may also refer to one of the following .
Business simulation
Simulations and games in economics education
Training Simulation
Business simulation game , a type of videogames
Another name for the board game Mine a Million
Pont-Hwfa ( also Pont Hwfa ) is a village in the community of Caergybi , Ynys Môn , Wales , which is 140.8 miles ( 226.6 km ) from Cardiff and 227.5 miles ( 366.1 km ) from London .
References
See also
List of localities in Wales by population
Villages in Anglesey
Pambamarca ( alternate , Pimbamarca ) is an eroded stratovolcano in the Central Cordillera of the northern Ecuadorian Andes in Pichincha Province . it is northeast of Quito . The summit is at an elevation of .
The mountains of the Pambamarca in the Andean Highlands of Ecuador has many Pre-Columbian fortresses that predate the arrival of the Spanish in the region ; Pambamarca has the greatest concentration of these forts . The Pambamarca Fortress Complex has been studied with participation by many international organizations , universities , and the Government of Ecuador with the objective of exploring the cultural landscapes , its prehistoric , historic and contemporary cultures , particularly of Ecuador 's important Pre-Columbian cultural heritage . In 1998 , Pambamarca was placed on the tentative List of UNESCO World Heritage Sites .
History
The fortifications originated with the Inca Empire who conquered Ecuador easily , and established themselves at Quito . Noting that the local indigenous community settled in Pambamarca were docile , the Incas thought that they could move in and occupy the territories outside Quito . But they faced serious resistance , and the war lasted 17 years before the Incas could finally conquer the Ecuadorians in the 1500s , with the fall of the fortresses . Following this , the Incas built many fortresses and lived in them . Among the provinces to the north of Quito the pre-Hispanic fortresses are concentrated in the mountain range of Pambamarca .
Inferred from the Cayambe pottery in use in the region , archaeologist examining the area are of the opinion that Cayambe culture has prevailed `` as some peoples decided after many years of resistance and warfare to simply lay down their arms or become allies with the Inca . ''
After Spanish people invaded Ecuador and Peru , not only smallpox took a big toll on the local population of Inca but due to the superior gunpowder power of the invaders their last stronghold at Vilcabamba also fell in 1572 .
After the Spanish conquest of Ecuador the Spaniards built estates known as haciendas . The Cayambe were subjected to forced labour in these estates , working on wool processing and living in primitive homes .
Legend
According to a legend that relates to the period , Huayna Capac , ruler of the Incas with an ambitious plan of winning the Cayambe got muddled in a 17 years ' war even though they invaded with a large army . The Cayambes noted the large army of invaders had retreated to a large and strong fortress . When the Incas laid siege on the fort , the Cayambes ' were not cowed but gave a brave fight which eventually forced the Incas to lift the siege as they had lost many men in the fight .
However , the Incas finally defeated the Cayambes and forced them to retreat to the shores of the lake Yawarkucha . It is also said that the Incas cut the throats of their enemies and threw them into the lake , which turned red with blood , and thus the lake got the epithet `` Yawarkucha '' meaning `` blood lake '' . This aspect of the legend is to be confirmed by further explorations by archeologists examining the areas .
Geography
Jorge Juan y Santacilia and Louis Godin , on their voyage through South America to fix signals for surveys , arrived at the `` desert of Pambamarca '' in early September 1737 . A mountain of medium height in this desert is also named Pambarmarca . One of the largest group of fortresses ( on the hill which is called locally as pukaras ) seen in Ecuador was the Pambamarca Group located along a ridge running in a north–south direction . These military structures provided security to Quito fortress and other forts such as Jambimachi , Pambamarca , Pachha , Campana , Olachan Tablarumi , Achupallas , Guachala and Bravo .
Cloudbow
From the top of the Pambarmarca mountain , a strange weather phenomenon was noticed by Don Jorge Juan and Antonio de Ulloa and several other climbers who had gone there to establish signal posts for surveys . As the cloud covered hills became clear of the clouds and frost with the Sun rising , each person on the hill top started noticing his own image at distance of about 10 miles opposite to the Sun . In this image , the head of each one of them appeared ( individually ) within the centre of three concentric irises ( with colours coalescing with each other ) as if each one , individually , was seeing his mirror image ; these were perpendicular to the horizon . An arch in white colour was seen at a distance from the three irises , circumscribing them . The diameter of the central iris was initially measured as 5.5 degrees while the arch around the circles was 57 degrees in size . Initially , the arches were seen in oval shape and as the Sun rose above the horizon it changed to a perfect circular shape , like the disc of the Sun . The arches displayed red colour bordered by orange colour , followed by bright yellow becoming straw colour and finally into green . However , the outer arch was seen all through in red colour only . Similar arches were seen when the Moon was rising . Such a phenomenon was noticed by the survey team frequently on the mountains here . In the past , others had also observed this phenomenon and named it as the `` frostbow '' or `` cloudbow '' as the cloud vaporized with sun rise . They are also called it the White rainbows unlike the rainbows which formed after rains .
Culture
The Pambamarca Fortress Complex is a large installation of many Inca pucarás , located on the peaks and ridges of the extinct Pambamarca stratovolcano . During the current research by the Pambamarca Archaeological Project , the team uncovered pre-Inca fortresses at the base of Pambamarca . The existence of two types of forts and the recovery of many armaments is suggestive of a pre-Columbian borderland , which is an important and rare find in New World archaeology .
Another culture of special importance , which attracted the Incas to this region is that the mountains are located on the equatorial line . It is the unique feature not replicated anywhere else in the world and forms the dividing line for the culture . The mounds found here have been used by the local Indians as landmarks for solar and star position calculations .
Archeological finds
The Incan Forts discovered in the Pambamarca extinct volcano region are 20 , apart from two fortresses built by the Cayambe , the ethnic people of Ecuador . These fortresses have been identified as about 500 years old . According to the Director of the Archaeological Project these are inferred to represent border region between the fortresses built by the Ecuadorian people and the Inca . More fortresses are likely to be found in the entire northern region of Ecuador , which need further explorations .
The Inca forts located at about elevation on ridges were built with stones laid over plinths called ushnus . Archeologists have inferred that these forts were inhabited and people living in them were ready for fighting with stone slings kept ready for use .
The two Cayambe forts built with strong volcanic material known locally as cangahua are of large size which were inhabited . The forts were also well stocked with ammunition of two types-sling stones and bola stones .
References
External links
Photos
Pambamarca Archaeological Project website
Pambamarca Archaeological Project photos
Stratovolcanoes of Ecuador
Geography of Pichincha Province
Archaeological sites in Ecuador
Pleistocene stratovolcanoes
Marquis Raffaele Luigi De Ferrari , Prince of Lucedio , Duke of Galliera ( 6 July 1803 – 23 November 1876 ) was an Italian philanthropist and politician .
Raffaele was born at Genoa from an aristocratic family , he was a senator of the Kingdom of Sardinia and had the title of Duke of Galliera from 18 September 1838 at the behest of Pope Gregory XVI . The title was recognized by King Charles Albert of Sardinia on 18 July 1843 , he was also created Prince of Lucedio .
Raffaele made his economic fortune in Paris , where he lived most of the time .
Marriage and family
He married in 1828 to Maria Brignole-Sale ( 1811–1888 ) , daughter of Marquis Antoine Brignole-Sale and Marquise Arthemisa Negrone , of Genoa .
They had three children :
Livia ( 1828–1829 )
Andrea ( 1831–1847 )
Philipp ( 1850–1917 ) , an eccentric stamp collector , who at the death of his father , refused to inherit his fortune and the title of Duke to which he was entitled .
Duke of Galliera
His biographical profile as a politician and patron is traced in the memorial service made to the Senate on 27 December 1876 . In it he remembered how in 1837 he acquired by Prince Oscar , who later became King of Sweden , and his wife Josephine of Leuchtenberg ( daughter of Eugène de Beauharnais ) , all possessions which Emperor Napoleon I of France granted in 1812 .
Honours
Grand Officer of the Order of Saints Maurice and Lazarus , 13 January 1856 .
Grand Cordon of the Order of Saints Maurice and Lazarus , 3 August 1862 .
Knight of the Supreme Order of the Most Holy Annunciation , 8 December 1875 .
Grand Officer of the Order of the Crown of Italy
Notes and sources
|-
1803 births
1876 deaths
Nobility from Genoa
Raffaele
Politicians from Genoa
Italian expatriates in France
Members of the Senate of the Kingdom of Sardinia
Serbian Venezuelan is a Venezuelan citizen of Serbian descent or Serbia-born person who resides in Venezuela .
The Serbian population settled in the country consisted mainly of political emigrants , that arrived at Venezuela after the Second World War , due to disagreements with the then Yugoslav communist regime . The estimated population of Serbs-Venezuelans range between 1,000 - 2,000 .
In 1955 , they founded the Serbian Orthodox Christian Community in Caracas . Later they built the Serbian Orthodox Church in 1966 , where the consecration was attended by King Peter II of Yugoslavia . The Serbian Social Club of Aragua state was founded in 1965 by a group of immigrants arrived in the country from Yugoslavia in order to preserve and promote the customs , religion , culture and folklore of Serbia , with all the community based in the country without distinction of race or creed , sharing in the same space with the activities of the St. John the Baptist Church which belongs to the newly founded Serbian Orthodox Eparchy of Buenos Aires and South America .
Notable people
Vladica Popović ( born 1935 ) – Serbian-Venezuelan football manager and former footballer .
Miguel Socolovich ( born 1986 ) – Venezuelan baseball player .
Veruska Ljubisavljević ( born 1991 ) – Venezuelan model and beauty pageant titleholder .
See also
Croatian Venezuelan
European Venezuelan
Immigration to Venezuela
References
External links
Serbs in South America
Serbia Iglesia Ortodoxa en Venezuela-Српска Православна Црква у Венецуели
Club Serbio de Aragua
Serbian diaspora
European Venezuelan
Ethnic groups in Venezuela
Robert Short may refer to :
Bob Short ( 1917–1982 ) , American sports team owner and politician
Bobby Short ( 1924–2005 ) , American cabaret singer and pianist
Rob Short ( born 1972 ) , Canadian field hockey player
Robert Short ( East India Company officer ) ( 1783–1859 ) , British officer in the Honourable East India Company
Robert L. Short ( 1932–2009 ) , American clergyman and writer
Robert McCawley Short ( 1904–1932 ) , American aviator
Robert Quirk Short ( 1759–1827 ) , Church of England clergyman
Robert V. Short ( 1823–1908 ) , American politician in Oregon
Robert Short ( make-up artist ) , makeup and visual effects artist
Leander Paes and David Rikl were the defending champions but only Paes competed that year with Jonas Björkman .
Björkman and Paes lost in the final 6–2 , 4–6 , 6–4 against Mahesh Bhupathi and Fabrice Santoro .
Seeds
Mahesh Bhupathi / Fabrice Santoro ( champions )
Jonas Björkman / Leander Paes ( final )
Mark Knowles / Daniel Nestor ( first round )
Martin Damm / Cyril Suk ( first round )
Draw
References
2004 Dubai Tennis Championships Men 's Doubles Draw
2004 Dubai Tennis Championships
Doubles
Jord Engineers India is a public limited company incorporated in 1989 and listed on the Bombay Stock Exchange . It is based in Asoj , Gujarat and manufactures heat exchangers and finned tubes .
References
External links
Engineering companies of India
Ihor Della-Rossa ( born 25 April 1939 ) is a Ukrainian racewalker . He competed in the men 's 50 kilometres walk at the 1968 Summer Olympics , representing the Soviet Union .
References
1939 births
Living people
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Ukrainian male racewalkers
Olympic athletes of the Soviet Union
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Soviet male racewalkers
Juan de Dicastillo ( 28 December 1584 – 6 March 1653 ) was a Spanish Jesuit theologian . He was born in Naples . He entered the novitiate of the Society of Jesus in 1600 , and was professor of theology for twenty-five years at Toledo , Murcia , and Vienna . He died in Ingolstadt .
Works
In moral theology , Dicastillo followed the principles of probabilism . His principal works are :
`` De justitia et jure ceterisque virtutibus cardinalibus libriduo '' ( Antwerp , 1641 ) ;
`` De Sacramentis in genere disputationes scholastic et morales '' ( Antwerp , 1646–52 ) ;
`` Tractatus duo de juramento , perjurio , et adjuratione , necnon de censuris et poenis ecclesiasticis '' ( Antwerp , 1662 ) ;
`` Tractatus de incarnatione '' ( Antwerp , 1642 ) .
References
Attribution
The entry cites :
Hugo von Hurter , Nomenclator ;
Sommervogel , Bibliothèque de la c. de J. , III , col. 49 ;
Langhorst in Kirchenlexikon , s.v .
1584 births
1653 deaths
16th-century Neapolitan people
17th-century Spanish Jesuits
17th-century Spanish Roman Catholic theologians
University of Murcia faculty
University of Vienna faculty
Lewis Simon Banda ( born 16 September 1982 in Tshabalala ) is a Zimbabwean sprinter who specializes in the 400 metres .
His personal best time is 44.58 seconds , achieved in May 2004 in Tucson . This is the current Zimbabwean record . The same year he reached the semi-finals of the Olympic Games .
Competition record
External links
1982 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Bulawayo
Zimbabwean male sprinters
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Olympic athletes of Zimbabwe
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 2002 Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games competitors for Zimbabwe
African Games bronze medalists for Zimbabwe
African Games medalists in athletics ( track and field )
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 2007 All-Africa Games
This is a list of yearly Minnesota Intercollegiate Athletic Conference football standings .
Minnesota Intercollegiate Athletic Conference football standings
References
Standings
Scienceworks is a science museum in Melbourne , Australia . It is a venue of Museums Victoria which administers the cultural and scientific collections of the State of Victoria . It is located in the suburb of Spotswood .
Opened on 28 March 1992 , Scienceworks is housed in a purpose-built building `` styled along industrial lines '' near the historic Spotswood Pumping Station , constructed in 1897 , whose steam engines form an associated exhibit .
Displays and activities offered by the museum include hands-on experiments , demonstrations , and tours . The `` lightning room '' is a 120-seat auditorium that presents demonstrations about electricity , featuring a giant Tesla Coil , capable of generating two million volts of electricity , producing three metre lightning bolts . Melbourne Planetarium is housed on site .
Until late 2013 , the 1883 clock tower from Flinders Street station was also located at the museum . The clock had been moved to Princes Bridge stations in 1905 and Spencer Street station in 1911 , where it remained until sold into private ownership after the station redevelopment of 1967 . The clock restored with an electric movement is now located at the Southern Cross station .
References
External links
Scienceworks website
Museums in Melbourne
Technology museums in Australia
Science museums in Australia
Museums established in 1992
1992 establishments in Australia
Science and technology in Melbourne
Tourist attractions in Victoria ( Australia )
Buildings and structures in Victoria ( Australia )
Infinity is the debut album released by the Japanese band Vivid . This was released in two different versions : a limited CD+DVD edition , and a regular CD only edition . It is the band 's first studio album and first album after going major with EPIC Records . The regular edition came with an extra track , `` EVER '' . The song `` live your life '' was also used as a theme song for the multiplayer online role-playing game Dragon Nest .
Track listing
2012 debut albums
Stefan Vujanovski ( Brđani , Požega-Slavonia County , Habsburg monarchy , 1743 – Novi Sad , Habsburg Monarchy , 19 January 1829 ) was a Serbian education reformer and author of several textbooks . He was one of the most learned men of his time and a collaborator with other Serbian education reformers such as Teodor Janković-Mirijevski , Avram Mrazović , Vasilije Damjanović , Uroš Nestorović and others .
Biography
Vujanovski learned the elements of the sciences and in particular , the Latin language in Sremski Karlovci under the tutelage of Jovan Rajić , and then turned to the teaching profession . Soon , however , he gave up the teaching post which he held in Vukovar to fulfill his desire for scientific training in education . For this purpose , he studied at the Protestant Evangelical Lyceum in Pozun ( Bratislava ) , philosophy at the University of Sopron , then jurisprudence at the University of Vienna . At this time he met Metropolitan Vićentije Jovanović Vidak who eventually became his patron . After graduating , he undertook a journey on his own account to do research on the educational system in Germany , Poland and Russia . Both Stefan von Novaković and Josef von Kurzböck employed Serbian typesetters and proofreaders , mainly young , educated men who came to study in Vienna and who were proficient in Slavonic-Serbian . Among them were Gligorije Trlajić and Stefan Vujanovski who , after the death of Prince Dmitry Mikhailovich Golitsyn the Younger in Russia , returned to Vienna to find employment at the Serbian/Cyrillic court printing press . Later , he was appointed in 1777 as the Royal Director of the Greek-Oriental Normal Schools in the Zagreb school district to head the founding of Serbian school in Srem and Slavonia . Joseph II , Holy Roman Emperor himself showed interest in its founding and progress . In appreciation for Vujanovski 's meritorious activity as an education reformer and administrator he was ennobled in 1792 . He also acted as a court panel assessor of several counties . At Novi Sad , where he retired with a pension , he died at quite advanced years .
Works
He wrote a manual on the German language for his compatriots : Niemeckaja grammatica ; wrote a grammar of Old Church Slavonic , but the manuscript of this work , which came into the possession of Bishop Lukijan Mušicki , was not published . He also translated from Russian a short church history : Kratkaja cerkovnaja istoria ; and a handbook of arithmetic , which was reprinted often . Vujanovski used Meletius Smotrytsky 's popular work as a source for the compilation of the grammar he wrote for Serbian schools .
Pavel Jozef Šafařík had nothing but praise for Vujanovski when he described him as a knowledgeable , open-minded , competent and enthusiastic man for the education and common good of his peers to the end .
See also
Avram Mrazović
Teodor Janković Mirijevski
Uroš Nestorović
Dimitrie Eustatievici
References
Serbian educators
Serbian writers
1743 births
1829 deaths
Serbs of Croatia
Nangqian may refer to :
Nangqian County , in Qinghai , China
Nangqian Tibetan Foundation , Tibetan charitable organization
The Howell Downtown Historic District is a primarily commercial historic district located along five blocks of Grand River Avenue in the center of Howell , Michigan . It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987 .
History
Howell was first settled in 1833-34 . The village was platted in 1835 , and in 1836 became the county seat for Livingston County . The stretch along Grand River Avenue that is encompassed by this historic district has been the center of commercial activity since the 1830s . The buildings that are currently located in the district date from the 1870s . Disastrous fires in the district in 1887 and 1892 destroyed some of the earlier buildings , but replacement infill structures were quickly constructed .
Description
The Howell Downtown Historic District is located in the central business district of the city , and incorporates parts of nine city blocks as well as the courthouse square . The district encompasses about fourteen acres , and includes sixty building , of which forty-six contribute to the historic significance of the district . These buildings date from 1865 to the mid-twentieth century , and include Italianate , Gothic Revival , High Victorian , Richardsonian Romanesque , Neoclassical , Tudor Revival , Colonial Revival , and Art Deco architectural styles . The area is primarily commercial buildings of one and two stories in height , but also includes landmark public buildings such as the Livingston County Courthouse ( separately listed on the National Register of Historic Places ) , the Carnegie Library , and the First Presbyterian Church .
Significant buildings include :
First Presbyterian Church ( 323 West Grand River Avenue ) : The First Presbyterian Church , located at the west end of the district , was designed by Sidney Badgley in 1915 in a modified English Gothic style . It is constructed of gray coursed ashlar , and has a large square crenelated tower with pinnacles and an arched belfrey . Windows contain Gothic tracery . A contemporary wing adjoins the church .
Carnegie Library ( 314 West Grand River Avenue ) The Carnegie Librar is located across the street from the Presbyterian Church , and is located on a large lot in a park-like setting . It is a Neoclassical building , constructed in 1903-06 of local fieldstone and granite shaded gray , deep rose and white . A round cupola is atop the roof .
McPherson Oil Company ( 223 West Grand River ) : The former McPherson Oil Company has a large exterior brick chimney and Tudor Revival elements .
Opera House ( 123 West Grand River Avenue ) : The former Opera House is a three-story red brick building constructed in 1881 and designed by architect Almon C. Varney . The first floor contains storefronts , while the upper two floors contained a theater . In 1938 , a shiny black carrara glass storefront was installed .
McPherson Store ( 108-110 West Grand River ) : The former McPherson Store is a two-story High Victorian bichromatic brick building , decorated with distinctive polychrome tiles . It has a heavy cornice with small towers , and segmental arched , double sash windows with hood moldings containing a floral motif on the second floor . The building was constructed for blacksmith and merchant William P. McPherson , likely in the 1880s .
Jewett Block ( 101 East Grand River ) : Now the First National Bank , the former Jewett Block is a three-story Italianate brick building with arched windows and a heavy bracketed cornice . It was built in 1872-73 for drygoods merchants Jewett , Goodnow and Kickey . The First State Savings Bank occupied part of the building beginning in 1919 , and in 1946 it was purchased by the First National Bank .
Livingston County Courthouse ( 200 East Grand River Avenue ) : The Livingston County Courthouse is a three-story Richardsonian Romanesque building , designed by architect Albert E. French in 1889 . It is set back from the street on a parcel of land encompassing an entire block . It has a distinctive clock tower they can be seen from a great distance , seet atop a steeply pitched hip roof with gabled dormers .
Howell Theater ( 313-319 East Grand River Avenue ) : The Howell Theater is a two-story yellow brick building constructed in 1912 as the Temple Theater . The Art Deco marquee and entrance was added later .
Gallery
References
National Register of Historic Places in Livingston County , Michigan
Italianate architecture in Michigan
The Moraine View State Recreation Area is a state park operated by the Department of Natural Resources ( DNR ) of the U.S. state of Illinois . The 1,687 acre ( 6.7 km2 ) recreation area is located near Le Roy , Illinois .
The predecessor of Moraine View , the McLean County Conservation Area , traces its history to 1959 . The park was renamed Moraine View State Park in 1975 , then Moraine View State Recreation Area in 1995 . It is managed for active recreation , including camping , hiking , swimming , boating , hunting and fishing . Camping available includes Class A sites with electricity and nearby modern toilet and shower facilities , to group camps and primitive backpacking sites . Hunters use the park for whitetail deer , pheasant , and wild turkey .
Moraine View was one of eleven state parks slated to close indefinitely on November 1 , 2008 due to budget cuts by former Illinois governor Rod Blagojevich . It reopened to the public on February 26 , 2009 .
Dawson Lake
The centerpiece of Moraine View is the 158 acre ( 0.6 km2 ) Dawson Lake , an artificial reservoir built in 1962-1963 . Fish stocked in the lake by the DNR include largemouth bass , bluegill ( the state fish of Illinois ) , sunfish , bullhead , crappie , channel catfish , walleye , yellow perch and northern pike .
Geology
Moraine View State Recreation Area is located atop a moraine , a low , rolling ridge located where a vanished ice sheet dumped ground rock and till while melting . Moraines are common post-glacial geological features , and can be found throughout the U.S. Midwest . This moraine was produced by the Wisconsin glaciation , about 70,000 to 10,000 years before present .
Moraine View SRA is the headwaters for Salt Creek , a major tributary of the Sangamon River , one of the largest rivers in central Illinois . The northeastern face of the same moraine , outside the state recreation area , is the headwaters of the main stem of the Sangamon . Although Salt Creek and the main stem of the Sangamon arise on opposite sides of this moraine , they flow more than west before they meet again .
2008 closing
Moraine View State Recreation Area was one of eleven state parks slated to close indefinitely on November 1 , 2008 due to budget cuts by former Illinois governor Rod Blagojevich . After delay , which restored funding for some of the parks , a proposal to close seven state parks and a dozen state historic sites , including Moraine View , went ahead on November 30 , 2008 . After the Illinois Governor Blagojevich was impeached and removed from office , new governor Pat Quinn reopened the closed state parks in February .
References
External links
State of Illinois
Protected areas of McLean County , Illinois
State parks of Illinois
Protected areas established in 1959
Landforms of McLean County , Illinois
Reservoirs in Illinois
1959 establishments in Illinois
Matthew Kevin Thaiss ( born May 6 , 1995 ) is an American professional baseball catcher for the Los Angeles Angels of Major League Baseball ( MLB ) . He made his MLB debut in 2019 .
Amateur career
Thaiss attended Jackson Memorial High School in Jackson Township , New Jersey . During his career he batted .343 with 17 home runs and 70 runs batted in ( RBI ) . He was drafted by the Boston Red Sox in the 32nd round of the 2013 Major League Baseball draft , but did not sign and attended the University of Virginia where he played for the Virginia Cavaliers .
As a freshman at Virginia in 2014 , Thaiss played in 26 games with 16 starts at designated hitter . In 68 at-bats he hit .265 with seven RBIs . As a sophomore in 2015 , Thaiss started 67 of 68 games , batting .323/.413/.552 with ten home runs and 64 RBIs . He played for the Hyannis Harbor Hawks of the Cape Cod Baseball League in the summer of 2015 . In 2016 , Thaiss played 60 games and batted .375/.473/.578 along with ten home runs . This strong play at Virginia led to Thaiss being drafted in the first round of the 2016 MLB draft by the Los Angeles Angels with the 16th overall pick .
Professional career
Thaiss signed with the Angels and was assigned to the Orem Owlz . After batting .338 with two home runs and 12 RBIs in 15 games for Orem , he was promoted to the Burlington Bees , where he hit .276 with four home runs , 31 RBIs , and a .778 OPS in 52 games to end the season . He was ranked as the Angels ' top prospect at the end of the 2016 season . Thaiss spent 2017 with both the Inland Empire 66ers and the Mobile BayBears , posting a combined .274 batting average with nine home runs and 73 RBIs in 133 games , and 2018 with Mobile and the Salt Lake Bees , slashing .280/.335/.467 with 16 home runs and 76 RBIs in 125 games between both teams . He returned to Salt Lake to begin 2019 .
On July 3 , 2019 , the Angels selected Thaiss ' contract and promoted him to the major leagues . He made his major league debut that night , hitting a double in his first at-bat off of Ariel Jurado of the Texas Rangers . As he was a catcher before being drafted , he has converted into a first baseman and a third baseman after being drafted . On the season , Thaiss hit .211 with eight home runs in 53 games . In 2020 , Thaiss went 3-for-21 with one home run for a .143/.280/.286 batting line across eight games .
In 2021 , the Angels had Thaiss return to playing catcher .
References
External links
Virginia Cavaliers bio
1995 births
Living people
Jackson Memorial High School alumni
Sportspeople from Jackson Township , New Jersey
Baseball players from New Jersey
Major League Baseball first basemen
Los Angeles Angels players
Virginia Cavaliers baseball players
Hyannis Harbor Hawks players
Orem Owlz players
Burlington Bees players
Inland Empire 66ers of San Bernardino players
Mobile BayBears players
Scottsdale Scorpions players
Salt Lake Bees players
Tigres del Licey players
American expatriate baseball players in the Dominican Republic
Madison Mallards players
Daubréeite is a rare bismuth oxohalide mineral with formula . It is a creamy-white to yellow-brown , soft , earthy clay–like mineral which crystallizes in the tetragonal crystal system . It is a member of the matlockite group .
It was first described for an occurrence in the Constanicia mine , Tazna , Bolivia , in 1876 . It was named for French mineralogist Gabriel Auguste Daubrée ( 1814–1896 ) . At the Tanza location it occurs as a secondary mineral formed by the oxidation of native bismuth or bismuthinite . It occurs with clay minerals . In addition to its discovery location it has also been reported from the Tintic District in the East Tintic Mountains of Juab County , Utah ; in the Josephine Creek District of Josephine County , Oregon ; in the Manhattan District of Nye County , Nevada ; and the Rio Marina Mine on Elba , Italy .
References
Oxide minerals
Halide minerals
Bismuth minerals
Tetragonal minerals
Minerals in space group 129
Frederick Albert John Matthews ( 4 January 1913 - 14 May 1985 ) was the Archdeacon of Plymouth from 1962 to 1978 .
Matthews was educated at Devonport High School for Boys , Exeter College , Oxford and Wycliffe Hall , Oxford After a curacy at Stoke Damerel he was Vicar of Pinhoe from 1944 to 1961 ; and Rural Dean of Aylesbeare from 1957 to 1961 . He was Vicar of Plympton St Mary from 1961 to 1983 ; and a Prebendary of Exeter Cathedral from 1978 until his death .
References
1913 births
People educated at Devonport High School for Boys
Alumni of Exeter College , Oxford
Archdeacons of Plymouth
Alumni of Wycliffe Hall , Oxford
1985 deaths
The European qualifying for the 2015 FIFA Women 's World Cup was a women 's football tournament organized by UEFA . A record 46 entrants were competing for eight spots . For the first time Albania and Montenegro entered a senior competitive tournament . The first matches were held on 4 April 2013 .
Preliminary round
The eight lowest teams entered the tournament in the preliminary round were drawn into two groups of four . The two best placed teams in each group advanced to the next round where they competed among the other thirty-eight teams entered . The preliminary round was drawn on 18 December 2012 . Malta and Lithuania as hosts were the only seeded teams . Matches were played from 4 to 9 April 2013 .
Group A
Group B
Group stage
The group stage draw was made on 16 April 2013 . Teams played each other twice , once at home and once away . Matches were played from 20 September 2013 to 17 September 2014 . All seven group winners advanced directly to the final tournament , while the four runners-up with the best record against the sides first , third , fourth , and fifth in their groups advanced to play-off matches on 25/26 and 29/30 October and 22/23 and 26/27 November 2014 for the remaining berth .
Seeding
Seeding was based on results in three tournaments , the UEFA Women 's Euro 2009 qualifying , 2011 FIFA Women 's World Cup and the UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 qualifying , each with their qualification results included .
We report in bold the teams which actually qualified to the 2015 FIFA Women 's World Cup .
Tiebreakers
If two or more teams are equal on points on completion of the group matches , the following tie-breaking criteria are applied :
Higher number of points obtained in the matches played between the teams in question ;
Superior goal difference resulting from the matches played between the teams in question ;
Higher number of goals scored in the matches played between the teams in question ;
Higher number of goals scored away from home in the matches played between the teams in question ;
If , after having applied criteria 1 to 4 , teams still have an equal ranking , criteria 1 to 4 are reapplied exclusively to the matches between the teams in question to determine their final rankings . If this procedure does not lead to a decision , criteria 6 to 10 apply ;
Superior goal difference in all group matches ;
Higher number of goals scored in all group matches ;
Higher number of away goals scored in all group matches ;
Position in the UEFA national team coefficient ranking system ;
Group 1
Group 2
Group 3
Group 4
Group 5
Group 6
Group 7
Ranking of second-placed teams
Matches against the sixth-placed team in each group are not included in this ranking . As a result , eight matches played by each team counted for the purposes of the second-placed table .
The ranking of the runners-up is determined by the following parameters in this order :
Highest number of points
Goal difference
Highest number of goals scored
Highest number of away goals scored
Position in the UEFA national team coefficient ranking system ;
Play-offs
After conclusion of the group stage the four runners-up with the best record against the sides first , third , fourth and fifth in their groups played home and away matches , to determine the last place in the FIFA World Cup .
The draw was held on 23 September 2014 at 14:00 local time at Nyon , Switzerland .
In the play-off draw , teams are seeded according to their UEFA Women 's National Team Coefficient Ranking .
Semifinals
| }
Final
| }
References
External links
Women 's World Cup , UEFA.com
UEFA
UEFA
UEFA
Women 's World Cup qualification
Women 's World Cup qualification
2015
Caereinion ( fort of Einion ) was a medieval cantref in the Kingdom of Powys , or possibly it was a commote ( cwmwd ) within a cantref called Llŷs Wynaf . It was divided into the manors of Uwch Coed and Is Coed .
It lay towards the south of the kingdom , bordering with the commote of Mochnant Uwch Rhaeadr of the cantref of Mochnant and the cantref of Mechain to the north , the commotes of Ystrad Marchell and Llanerch Hudol in the cantref of Ystlyg to the east , the cantrefi of Cedewain to the south and Cyfeiliog to the west .
It roughly corresponds to the later hundred of Mathrafal .
Castle Caereinion , Caereinion Fechan , Llanfair Caereinion , Llanerfyl , Llangadfan , Llangyniew and part of Berriew are within the territory of this cantref .
References
Cantrefs
History of Powys
Yamoransa is a small town
near Cape Coast in the Central Region of Ghana It lies along the main international road that connects Kumasi-Cape Coast or ( Burkina Faso-Ivory Coast ) and Accra-Cape Coast or ( Togo-Ivory Coast ) . It is a developing community with different economic activities . Notable of these is the kenkey ( food prepared from corn ) and bread trades by most of the women of the community mostly around their main Lorry Station . The community has about 5 private and 3 public basic schools with 1 Private Senior High School and 1 Vocational School .
References
See also
Populated places in the Central Region ( Ghana )
11th Brigade may refer to :
Australia
11th Brigade ( Australia )
India
11th Cavalry Brigade ( British Indian Army )
11th Indian Cavalry Brigade
11th Indian Infantry Brigade
Japan
11th Brigade ( Japan )
Spain
XI International Brigade
United Kingdom
11th Armoured Brigade ( United Kingdom )
11th Infantry Brigade ( United Kingdom )
11th Mounted Brigade ( United Kingdom )
11th Signal Brigade ( United Kingdom )
XI Brigade , Royal Horse Artillery
United States
11th Infantry Brigade ( United States )
Polish National Committee ( ) was formed in Russian partition during World War I , and grouped Polish politicians who wanted to advance the Polish cause by supporting Russia in World War I . The Committee was recognized by the Entente , and was primarily opposed to Polish factions supporting the Central Powers ( in particular , Józef Piłsudski ) .
The Committee supported the creation of Blue Army under Józef Haller de Hallenburg in France .
Major activists : Roman Dmowski , Zygmunt Wielopolski .
In 1917 , after the Russian Revolution , the Committee was reorganized in France . See Polish National Committee ( 1917–19 ) .
See also
Ignacy Paderewski
External links
Henri Kowalski
References
1914 establishments in Poland
1917 disestablishments in Poland
Poland in World War I
Establishments in Congress Poland
Political history of Poland
National Democracy
Disestablishments in Congress Poland
The Kerman Fire Temple ( Persian : آتشکده کرمان ) is a Zoroastrian fire temple in Kerman , Iran . The structure is also the house to the only anthropology museum of Zoroastrians in the world .
History
The temple was built in 1924 during the reign of Reza Shah Pahlavi , and the fire contained in it was transferred from India to this place and is said to originate from Adur Farnbag , one of the three holiest fires in Sassnian times .
The idea to make the place a museum was first expressed in 1983 . In 2005 the museum was finally inaugurated . the museum contains a handwritten version of Gathas estimated to be at least 200 years old .
It was listed among the Iranian national heritage sites with the number 4190 on October 2 , 2001 .
See also
Fire Temple of Yazd
References
Fire temples
Fire temples in Iran
Religious buildings and structures in Iran
Zoroastrianism in Iran
Buildings and structures in Kerman Province
Anthropology museums
Tourist attractions in Kerman Province
National works of Iran
1924 establishments in Iran
The Second Cabinet of Lars Løkke Rasmussen was the Government of Denmark , in office between 28 June 2015 and 28 November 2016 , where Lars Løkke Rasmussen third cabinet took over .
It was a single-party minority government consisting of Venstre , the first since Anker Jørgensen V Cabinet in 1981-82 . It was supported by the Danish People 's Party , the Liberal Alliance and the Conservative People 's Party .
List of ministers
| }
References
Government of Denmark
Rasmussen , Lars Lokke 2
2015 establishments in Denmark
Cabinets established in 2015
2016 disestablishments in Denmark
Cabinets disestablished in 2016
Out of the Storm is a lost 1920 American silent drama film directed by William Parke , and starring Barbara Castleton , John Bowers , and Sidney Ainsworth . It is an adaptation of Gertrude Atherton 's 1910 novel Tower of Ivory .
Plot
As described in a film magazine , Margaret Hill ( Castleton ) , a singer in a disreputable cafe , attracts the attention of Al Levering ( Ainsworth ) , and he offers to have her voice cultivated . At the end of several years Levering is arrested for embezzlement , and confesses that he stole to give Margaret her chance . While he is serving his sentence Margaret finishes her musical education and tours England , where she meets John Ordham ( Bowers ) , who saved her from drowning in a shipwreck while en route to Europe . Levering escapes from jail and goes to London to claim his protege . To protect Ordham from the wrath of Levering , she tells the Englishman that Levering is her husband . Police pick up the trail of the ex-convict and while he is trying to make his escape he is killed . This leaves nothing in the way of the love between Margaret and Ordham .
Cast
Barbara Castleton as Margaret Hill
John Bowers as John Ordham
Sidney Ainsworth as Al Levering
Doris Pawn as Mabel Cutting
Elinor Hancock as Mrs . Cutting
Lawson Butt as Lord Bridgeminster
Ashton Dearholt as Walter Driscombe
Edythe Chapman as Lady Bridgeminster
Carrie Clark Ward as Teddy
Lincoln Stedman as Sir Reggie Blanchard
Clarissa Selwynne as Lady Rosamond
J. Ray Avery
Differences from the book
In the original text , Tower of Ivory ( 1910 ) by Gertrude Atherton , Margaret Hill and John Ordham would meet on a boat and fall in love . However , they become separated due to a shipwreck , and would reunite 5 years later by accident at Hill 's concert . Ordham would then approach Hill and ask for her hand in marriage . This is different from the film , in which Ordham would rescue Hill from the shipwreck , and that event would be the one that sparked their romantic relationship . The director likely made this change to decrease run-time and add a suspenseful sea rescue scene , which proved to be the right idea since that scene in particular was praised by critics .
Critical response
Out of the Storm ( 1920 ) received generally negative feedback from the audience . As the fourth movie out of eleven adapted from a novel , original text 's author Gertrude Atherton is certainly no stranger to adaptations onto the big screen . The plot was praised for its ability to “ hold one 's interest by reason of its melodramatic moments , which are punctuated by other scenes that lack reality ” , but the largest disappointment was certainly the performance that lead actress Castleton failed to deliver . Critics from the Exhibitors Herald described Castleton 's acting as “ unnatural and stilting ” , and was the “ most unnatural and unempathetic of the entire cast. ” They further stated that she “ plays it with too much restraint ” . This left audiences unsatisfied , considering castleton having “ a very good account of herself ” in other films . One redeeming factor from critics were that the shipwreck scene was “ one of the best shipwreck scenes ” to be produced at that time .
References
Bibliography
Goble , Alan . The Complete Index to Literary Sources in Film . Walter de Gruyter , 1999 .
External links
Atherton , Gertrude ( 1910 ) , Tower of Ivory , New York : The Macmillan Company , on the Internet Archive
1920 films
1920 drama films
1920s English-language films
American silent feature films
American black-and-white films
Silent American drama films
Films based on American novels
Films directed by William Parke
Lost American films
Films based on works by Gertrude Atherton
1920 lost films
Lost drama films
1920s American films
Garfield David Harrison ( born 1961 ) is one of four brothers to have played cricket for Ireland . Garfield was by far the most successful of the four , playing 118 times for Ireland between 1983 and 1997 , including twelve first-class matches against Scotland and 20 List A match .
He is one of only six players to have played more than 100 times for Ireland , behind only Kyle McCallan and Alan Lewis . He started his career as an opening bowler , but switched to off spin , becoming so good at this style of bowling that he took 9/113 against Scotland in 1990 , the best bowling figures in first-class cricket in the UK that year , the fourth best bowling figures in all cricket for Ireland and the second best for Ireland in first-class cricket .
Playing career
1980s
born 8 May 1961 in Lurgan , County Armagh , Northern Ireland Harrison first played for Ireland in June 1983 , playing two games against Worcestershire , closely followed by his List A debut against Sussex in the NatWest Trophy in June 1983 and his first-class debut in July against Scotland . He had a successful first-class debut , scoring 86 in the Irish first innings . He also played against Gloucestershire , the MCC and Wales during his first year in the Irish team .
He retained his place in the Ireland team in 1984 , playing against the MCC , Scotland , Surrey and the West Indies , though he played just once in 1985 against Scotland . He went on Ireland 's tour of Zimbabwe in early 1986 , playing two matches , but again played just once during the summer , again against Scotland .
He became a much more regular fixture in the Irish side in 1987 , playing ten times that year , five times in 1988 and nine times in 1989 , including internationals against Pakistan , Scotland and Wales .
1990s
The first year of the decade saw his finest hour in the Irish side . After playing two matches against New Zealand and Worcestershire and a match each against the MCC , Sussex and Wales he played a first-class match against Scotland in Edinburgh . The match was drawn , but Harrison took 9/113 in the only Scottish innings , the best bowling figures in UK first-class cricket that year .
1991 saw him tour Zimbabwe once again , with games against Middlesex , Scotland and the West Indies during the summer . 1992 saw games against the MCC , Middlesex and an England Amateur XI .
1993 was an important year for Irish cricket as they gained membership of the International Cricket Council and Harrison continued to retain his place in the Irish side . That year he played against Australia , Barbados , the Netherlands and Scotland in addition to playing in that year 's Triple Crown Tournament . In early 1994 , he was named in Ireland 's squad for the 1994 ICC Trophy , Ireland 's first appearance in the tournament . The summer saw him scored his first and only century for Ireland against Scotland , in addition to playing against Leicestershire , New Zealand , Northamptonshire and in the 1994 Triple Crown Tournament .
Ireland began to play much more in 1995 and 1996 , and Harrison played 24 times for them in those two years , including internationals against Scotland and the West Indies , several games against English county sides and the Triple Crown Tournament in 1995 and 1996 , and the European Championship in 1996. before playing his final first-class game against Scotland in August 1996 . His Ireland career finished in 1997 , playing in the ICC Trophy that year , his last match coming against Scotland on 10 April .
Post Ireland
In 2003 , he came out of retirement to play a match for the MCC against Ireland at Lord 's in August , scoring 29 and taking 1/37 .
Statistics
In all matches for Ireland , he scored 2765 runs at an average of 26.08 , scoring twelve half-centuries and one century . He took 140 wickets at an average of 33.67 , taking five wickets in an innings three times .
Family
Harrison came from a cricketing family . Three of his brothers ( Derryck , Jim and Roy ) all played for Ireland , as did his brother-in-law Eddie Bushe and his nephew Jonathan Bushe .
References
1961 births
Living people
Irish cricketers
People from Lurgan
Cricketers from Northern Ireland
Abquy ( , also Romanized as Ābqūy ) is a village in Mazul Rural District , in the Central District of Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 227 , in 59 families .
See also
List of cities , towns and villages in Razavi Khorasan Province
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Established the day after the Independence of Mali in 1961 , l'Ensemble instrumental national is an orchestra of traditional Malian music and song .
Its mission is to maintain and give value to the heritage of Malian forms of music and song .
Repertoire
Duga : ( Hymn of bravery )
Maliba : ( Glory to Mali )
Mamaya
Soweto ( a memory of Soweto )
Sogo : ( hymn for the hunters , symbols of honesty and bravery )
Soundiata : ( Mandingue Epic )
Dâ Monzon : ( Bambaran Epic )
Sosso : ( to encourage joy , happiness , and love )
Taara : ( homage to bravery )
Sécurité : ( homage to the army )
Janjo : ( homage to bravery )
Musolu : ( homage to women )
Cedo : ( homage to bravery )
Bamba Niaré : Jatigiya ( Hospitality )
Tours
1961 : Artistic tour in USSR
1964 : Animation Salon International de POCORA/Pris ( France )
1964 : Festival des Arts Nègres à Dakar ( Sénégal )
1977 : Festival Mondial des Arts Nègres ( FESTAC.77 )
1978 : Algeria
1979 : Festival in Guinea ( Conakry )
1979 : France , Germany , Switzerland , and the Netherlands
1980 : Niger
1983 : China , Korea , and USSR
1986 : Korea
1987 : Festival in Libya
1996 : Festival Republic of Congo-Brazzaville ( FESPAM )
1997 : New Orleans Jazz Festival ( USA ) and performance in New York
1999 : 4th Annual « Roots Festival à Banjul » ( Gambia )
2000 : Malian Fair in Paris
2000 : CAN at Accra ( Ghana )
2001 : Faire at the Gallery Fayette-Paris
2002 : Dakar ( Sénégal )
2003 : Night of solidarity and intégration ( Ouagadougou )
2003 : Folklife Festival in Washington , DC
Prizes
1963 : Medal for the Folklore of National Theater at Paris .
1966 : Gold medal ( first prize ) at the Festival of Black Arts at Dakar
1969 : Gold medal ( first prize ) at the Pan-African Arts Festival in Algier ( Algeria )
1995 : Gold medal of Melody at Johannesburg ( Fair Afro-Arabe )
Instruments
Kora
Balafon
Flute
N'Goni
N'Polon
Kamalen N'Goni
Dundun
Soku
Djembé
Discography
One Album , 33 Days
Epopée Mandingue
Epopée Bambara
Musolu
References
External links
A TV recording
Malian musical groups
Sitters is a municipality in the Donnersbergkreis district , in Rhineland-Palatinate , Germany .
References
Municipalities in Rhineland-Palatinate
Donnersbergkreis
The 2007 NHK Trophy was the final event of six in the 2007–08 ISU Grand Prix of Figure Skating , a senior-level international invitational competition series . It was held at the Sendai City Gymnasium in Sendai on November 28 – December 2 . Medals were awarded in the disciplines of men 's singles , ladies ' singles , pair skating , and ice dancing . Skaters earned points toward qualifying for the 2007–08 Grand Prix Final .
Results
Men
Ladies
Pairs
Ice dancing
External links
Official site
2007 NHK Trophy at ISU
Starting Orders and Results
Nhk Trophy , 2007
NHK Trophy
Carmel is a hamlet in Ynys Môn , Wales , located 8 miles east of Holyhead and 2 miles south-west of Llannerch-y-medd . It is served by the route 63 bus from Llannerch-y-medd to Bangor .
References
See also
List of localities in Wales by population
Villages in Anglesey
Pritchardia mitiaroana , the Mitiaro fan palm or Iniao is a species of palm tree that is native to the island of Mitiaro in the Cook Islands . It grows on karst limestone on the island 's makatea ( fossilised uplifted reef ) , and grows to a height of 10m .
While previously believed to only be found on Mitiaro , in 2007 several clusters of fan palms on the islands of Niau and Makatea in the Tuamotus in French Polynesia were classified as belonging to the same species . Rarotongan oral histories record that there was once a strong sea route between Nuia , the southern Cook Islands and the Marquesas , which could have seen the plant transported between the islands . In 2007 there were an estimated 1000 individuals on Nuia , and around 100 on Makatea . In 2019 there were 491 mature Iniao on Mitiaro .
References
External links
mitiaroana
Endemic flora of the Cook Islands
Mitiaro
Walter Trevelyan Thomson ( 30 April 1875 – 8 February 1928 ) was a British Liberal Member of Parliament , iron and steel merchant and soldier .
Family and education
Trevelyan Thomson ( he rarely used his first name of Walter ) was born in Stockton on Tees , the son of an iron founder and merchant . He was educated in the Quaker tradition at The Friends ' School , Ackworth in the West Riding of Yorkshire and Bootham School in York . He joined his father in business as iron and steel merchants in Albert Road , Middlesbrough . In 1907 he married Hilda Mary Tolley , the daughter of a minister of religion from London . They had one son and a daughter .
Retreat from Quakerism and the Great War
Thomson was a birthright Friend claiming Quaker connections back to the days of George Fox . In 1914 he seemed a model Quaker citizen but the Middlesbrough Society of Friends took a strong anti-war stand in 1914 on the basis of the traditional Quaker belief that no war can be defended and Thomson dissented from this position , tendering his resignation from the Society . Thomson was too old to join up at the start of the war but he helped the military by encouraging recruiting . While individuals joining the armed forces might be tolerated by the Quakers , a member of the religion actively encouraging others to enlist while still publicly holding a position in the Society was too much and the Quakers disowned him . Although his membership was later restored , he rejected his re-instatement and resigned from the Society of Friends . By 1917 the army had relaxed its age rules for volunteers so Thomson enlisted in the Royal Engineers . He served overseas reaching the rank of Sergeant but there was to be no reconciliation with the Society of Friends after the War ended .
Local politics
Thomson had become an established and respected Middlesbrough businessman and like so many other Victorian and Edwardian successes , he wished to serve his community and his ambition through politics . He was an elected member of Middlesbrough County Borough Council in 1904 and served until his death in 1928 . He was also a Justice of Peace .
Member of Parliament
Thomson graduated to Parliamentary politics at the end of the First World War . At the 1918 general election , the still serving Sergeant Thomson stood for election in Middlesbrough West . There is disagreement as to his party affiliation . In The Times House of Commons , 1919 he was described as a Coalition Liberal although it seems unlikely that he received the government coupon . He certainly had no Conservative opponent but he may have identified with the coalition because it had successfully prosecuted the war in which he had just served . In other sources he is described simply as a Liberal . He defeated his Labour opponent by 10,958 votes to 5,350 – a majority of 5,608 . At the 1922 general election Thomson faced a National Liberal candidate , i.e . one supporting the outgoing coalition prime minister David Lloyd George but again won comfortably by 16,811 votes to 7,422 - a majority of 9,389 . At the general election the following year Thomson again faced no Tory candidate and easily beat his Labour opponent by 16,837 votes to 7,413 – a majority of 9,424 .
The 1924 general election
Thomson held his seat in the 1924 election because he was one of only a few Liberal MPs to establish a considerable personal following with his local electorate and he was well known for his many Parliamentary interventions , questions to ministers and contributions to debate in the House of Commons . While the Liberal Party nationally was experiencing electoral meltdown , Thomson enjoyed the luxury of being returned unopposed . There was a rumour circulating after the election that Thomson was to be asked to stand down and cause a by-election in Middlesbrough to make way for a return to the Commons by H H Asquith , who had lost his seat at Paisley . Thomson certainly made a hasty trip down to London immediately after the election for political meetings but he denied he had been asked to stand aside and no such by-election ever took place . Asquith was made a peer in 1925 .
Political position
Thomson has been described by one historian as a 'right-wing Liberal who received prolonged Conservative support ' Despite this he did vote with the Labour Party in Parliament from time to time . Significantly these occasions included Labour 's vote of censure against the Tory administration of Stanley Baldwin in July 1925 and the Trades Union Bill in February 1927 with further support for Labour on the intimidation clauses of that Bill in May 1927 . He was also in agreement with Asquith 's support of the first Labour government of 1924 .
Thomson in December 1924 , was a founding member of the 'Radical Group ' of Liberal MPs . The Group was formed because Asquith had lost his seat and David Lloyd George had become chair of the Parliamentary Liberal Party in his place . Thomson had voted against Lloyd George for this post . The 'Radical Group ' did not think Lloyd George was reliable because of his past coalition with the Tories .
Death
Thomson died at nursing home in London aged 52 on 8 February 1928 having collapsed following a severe operation a week earlier . His health had been poor for a while . In November 1926 he had to decline the offer of being an assistant Liberal Whip for reasons of ill health and he underwent an operation in 1927 . Thomson was a personal friend of the Reverend P B Clayton who founded the organisation Toc H and Clayton took part in Thomson 's memorial service at St. Margaret 's Church , Westminster .
References
Liberal Party ( UK ) MPs for English constituencies
British Army personnel of World War I
English Quakers
People educated at Ackworth School
People educated at Bootham School
People disowned by the Quakers
People from Stockton-on-Tees
UK MPs 1918–1922
UK MPs 1922–1923
UK MPs 1923–1924
UK MPs 1924–1929
1875 births
1928 deaths
Cales Dale is a short valley towards the head of Lathkill Dale near Monyash , Derbyshire in the Peak District of England .
Cales Dale is included within Lathkill Dale as part of the Derbyshire Dales National Nature Reserve and is popular with tourists who visit for its natural environment and wildlife . Natural England manages the reserve which covers five separate dales of the White Peak ( Lathkill Dale , Cressbrook Dale , Hay Dale , Long Dale and Monk 's Dale ) . The Lathkill Dale Site of Special Scientific Interest ( SSSI ) includes Cales Dale and is known for its range of wildflower species ( including orchids and the rare Jacob 's ladder ) , butterflies , ancient woodland and the presence of birds of prey , dippers , woodpeckers and water voles . Most of Cales Dale is designated as Open Access Land under the Countryside and Rights of Way Act 2000 .
The Medieval settlement on the north western slopes of Cales Dale is a Scheduled Monument . The monument consists of earthwork remains from a settlement related to the neighbouring monastic grange at One Ash , which is mentioned in the Domesday Book of 1086 . In the late 12th century the Cistercian monks of Roche Abbey established the grange . The foundations of a building 20m long by 12m wide have been identified . Parts of a stone cross head , from the 10th or 11th century were found nearby and are now on display in Buxton Museum . One Ash Grange Farm 's farmhouse , barn and pigstyes are Grade II listed buildings .
Calling Low bowl barrow is a Bronze Age burial mound above the east side of Cales Dale and is a Scheduled Monument . It was excavated by Thomas Bateman in 1846 . He found a cist containing a human skeleton , a sandstone sphere and flint tools .
The Limestone Way long-distance footpath crosses Cales Dale near One Ash Grange Farm .
There are parking areas near Monyash at the top end of Lathkill Dale . There is also a car park at Moor Lane towards Youlgreave .
The 'Battle of Wits ' scene of the film The Princess Bride was shot at the foot of Cales Dale in 1986 .
References
Valleys of the Peak District
Valleys of Derbyshire
Derbyshire Dales
The 2021 Tour of Belgium ( known as the 2021 Baloise Belgium Tour for sponsorship purposes ) was the 90th edition of the Tour of Belgium road cycling stage race , which took place from 9 to 13 June 2021 . The category 2.Pro event formed a part of the 2021 UCI Europe Tour and the 2021 UCI ProSeries . After being upgraded from a category 2.HC event after the 2019 season , the race was set to feature in the inaugural edition of the UCI ProSeries , but after the cancellation of the 2020 edition , this edition was its UCI ProSeries debut .
Teams
Eight of the nineteen UCI WorldTeams , nine UCI ProTeams , and four UCI Continental teams made up the twenty-one teams that participated in the race . UCI WorldTeam were originally invited , but they withdrew due to a COVID-19 outbreak among their staff members . , with six riders , was the only team to not field a full squad of seven riders . Of the 146 riders who started the race , 137 finished .
UCI WorldTeams
( Withdrawn )
UCI ProTeams
UCI Continental Teams
Route
Stages
Stage 1
9 June 2021 — Beveren to Maarkedal ,
Stage 2
10 June 2021 — Knokke-Heist to Knokke-Heist , ( ITT )
Stage 3
11 June 2021 — Gingelom to Scherpenheuvel-Zichem ,
Stage 4
12 June 2021 — Hamoir to Hamoir ,
Stage 5
13 June 2021 — Turnhout to Beringen ,
Classification leadership table
On stage 2 , Jan-Willem van Schip , who was second in the combativity classification , wore the white jersey , because first placed Robbe Ghys wore the red jersey as the leader of the points classification .
On stage 3 , Gianni Marchand , who was third in the points classification , wore the red jersey , because first placed Remco Evenepoel wore the blue jersey as the leader of the general classification and second placed Robbe Ghys wore the white jersey as the leader of the combativity classification .
After stage 3 , Jan-Willem van Schip , who led the combativity classification , was disqualified by the UCI 's technical committee for having a handlebar set-up in contravention of UCI technical regulations , overruling an early decision by commissaires that allowed van Schip to use such handlebars . As a result , on stage 4 , Cédric Beullens , who is second in that classification , will wear the white jersey .
On stage 4 , Robbe Ghys , who was second in the points classification , wore the red jersey , because first placed Remco Evenepoel wore the blue jersey as the leader of the general classification .
Final classification standings
General classification
Points classification
Combativity classification
Team classification
References
External links
2021
Tour of Belgium
Tour of Belgium
Tour of Belgium
Tour of Belgium
Nidigattu is a suburb situated in Visakhapatnam City , India . The area is quite close to the Kapuluppada . this area is in Bheemunipatnam mandal
References
Neighbourhoods in Visakhapatnam
Dendrodoa grossularia is a species of tunicate or sea squirt in the family Styelidae , commonly known as the baked bean ascidian . It is native to the northeastern Atlantic Ocean where it is common in shallow water and on the lower shore in exposed rocky sites .
Description
Dendrodoa grossularia is sometimes known as the sea currant because of its small , red , globular form . It usually grows in aggregations , forming mats across the rock surface , but occasionally occurs as individual zooids . When crowded together , the zooids are cylindrical , tall and half as wide . Each individual has the two circular siphons near the apex , the buccal siphon being slightly larger than the exhalent siphon . The tunic is smooth , translucent and of fairly firm consistency , and the siphons tend to be a more intense colour than the rest of the tunic . Solitary individuals are smaller , depressed and unnoticeable . The tunic often has sand or silt deposited on it and sometimes supports epibionts . This species could be confused with Distomus variolosus or Stolonica socialis ; the former is smaller , never more than tall , while the latter is a colonial species with a creeping stolon , and is orange or orangish-brown .
Distribution and habitat
This species is widely distributed in the northeastern Atlantic Ocean . Its range includes the Baltic Sea , the English Channel , and northwestern France as far south as Quiberon , but it is absent from some localities and has a number of sub-populations . Coloni grows on rocks and boulders in areas with strong currents , and sometimes on the holdfasts of kelp , at depths from the lower shore down to a few metres . It favours shaded rocks , boulders , ledges and overhangs , and can form large populations in suitable habitats . Single zooids may be attached to stones or mollusc shells , alive or dead . At exceptionally low tides , it may be found under overhanging rocks on the lower shore . It is tolerant of low salinities and may be found in estuaries .
Ecology
Like all tunicates , Dendrodoa grossularia is a filter feeder , drawing water in through the buccal siphon and expelling it through the exhalent siphon . It is a non-simultaneous hermaphrodite . Sperm is emitted into the water column and drawn into other individuals , fertilising the ova in the body cavity . The embryos are brooded here , before being liberated into the water as tadpole-like larvae . After a short planktonic period , some settle onto the tunics of adult individuals .
References
Stolidobranchia
Animals described in 1846
Fauna of the Atlantic Ocean
KSNK ( channel 8 ) is a television station licensed to McCook , Nebraska , United States , affiliated with NBC and Telemundo . Owned by Nexstar Media Group , the station maintains an advertising sales office on US 36 in northwestern Oberlin , Kansas , and its transmitter is located along U.S. 36 in rural northwestern Decatur County .
KSNK is part of the Kansas State Network ( KSN ) , a regional network of five stations relaying programming from Wichita NBC affiliate KSNW ( channel 3 ) across central and western Kansas , as well as bordering counties in Nebraska and Oklahoma ; KSNK incorporates local advertising and news inserts aimed at areas of northwest Kansas and bordering counties in southwestern Nebraska within the Wichita–Hutchinson Plus television market . It is the only KSNW satellite to be licensed outside Kansas and also outside the Wichita market , although it covers the general Oberlin/Colby/Goodland area as well .
Although the station 's city of license is in Red Willow County , Nebraska , which is in the Lincoln–Hastings–Kearney market , its studio and transmitter are in Decatur County , Kansas , in the Wichita–Hutchinson market .
History
The station first signed on the air on November 28 , 1959 , as KOMC-TV ( for Oberlin-McCook ) , a satellite of Great Bend 's KCKT-TV , under the ownership of Central Kansas Television . KCKT , KOMC and KGLD-TV in Garden City formed the `` Tri-Circle Network , '' the NBC affiliate for central and western Kansas . In 1962 , after the Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) collapsed central and western Kansas into the Wichita market , Central Kansas Television purchased Wichita 's KARD-TV and merged it with KOMC , KCKT and KGLD . The Tri-Circle Network changed its name to the `` Kansas State Network '' a few years later , with KARD serving as the flagship of the new four-station regional network .
The station changed its call letters to KSNK on August 16 , 1982 , as part of an effort to help viewers think of the four stations as part of one large network . Around this time , the station 's city of license was relocated across the Kansas–Nebraska border from Oberlin to McCook , though the studios remained in Oberlin . In 1988 , the KSN stations were acquired by SJL Broadcast Management . The stations were then sold to Lee Enterprises in 1995 . Emmis Communications bought most of Lee Enterprises ' television properties in 2000 . Montecito Broadcast Group , a newly formed partnership between SJL and the private equity firm Blackstone Group , acquired the KSN stations from Emmis on January 27 , 2006 .
On July 24 , 2007 , Montecito announced the sale of its five stations ( KSNW , KHON-TV in Honolulu , KOIN in Portland , Oregon , and KSNT in Topeka , as well as satellites of KSNW and KHON ) to New Vision Television ; the sale was finalized on November 1 , 2007 . On May 7 , 2012 , the LIN TV Corporation announced that it would acquire the New Vision Television station group , including KSNW and its four satellite stations , for $ 330.4 million and the assumption of $ 12 million in debt ; the sale – which was approved by the FCC on October 2 and was completed 1½ weeks later on October 12 – marked a re-entry into Kansas for LIN , which briefly owned the license of KLBY ( channel 4 ) , a satellite of Wichita ABC affiliate KAKE-TV ( channel 10 ) , in 2000 , before selling them to Benedek Broadcasting shortly after the purchase was finalized .
On March 21 , 2014 , Media General announced that it would purchase LIN Media and its stations , including KSNW , in a $ 1.6 billion merger – giving the station its sixth owner since 2000 . Like the earlier acquisition of KSNW by LIN , this deal marked Media General 's re-entry to the market , as it previously owned KBSL-TV ( channel 10 ) , a satellite of KWCH-TV ( channel 12 ) , from 2000 to 2006 . The merger was completed on December 19 . On September 28 , 2015 , Nexstar Broadcasting Group announced it had offered to purchase Media General and its stations , including KSNW and its satellites . On January 27 , 2016 , Nexstar announced that it had reached an agreement to acquire Media General . The acquisition of KSNK and its other satellites by Nexstar reunited the stations with former satellite KSNF , whose ownership was split from the rest of the Kansas State Network in 1986 . The deal was approved by the FCC on January 11 , 2017 , and it was completed on January 17 , marking Nexstar 's first entry into the Wichita market .
Newscasts
Although KSNK originated its own newscasts for many years , the station 's local operations were progressively cut back from the mid-1980s onward . By the start of the 21st century , local news had been reduced to inserts in KSNW 's newscasts , and separate identifications had been largely eliminated .
Technical information
Subchannels
The station 's digital signal is multiplexed :
Analog-to-digital conversion
KSNK shut down its analog signal , over VHF channel 8 , on November 26 , 2008 . The station 's digital signal remained on its pre-transition VHF channel 12 . Through the use of PSIP , digital television receivers display the station 's virtual channel as its former VHF analog channel 8 .
References
External links
Television stations in Nebraska
NBC network affiliates
Telemundo network affiliates
Ion Television affiliates
True Crime Network affiliates
Television channels and stations established in 1959
Nexstar Media Group
1959 establishments in Nebraska
Electronic funk may refer to :
Synthfunk
Electrofunk
Minneapolis sound
Funktronica
Dance punk
Disambiguation pages
Yasnohirka ( ) is an urban-type settlement in Kramatorsk Raion in Donetsk Oblast of eastern Ukraine .
Demographics
Native language as of the Ukrainian Census of 2001 :
Ukrainian 61.36 %
Russian 38.05 %
Armenian 0.42 %
Belarusian 0.07 %
German 0.02 %
References
Urban-type settlements in Donetsk Oblast
Predrag Štromar ( ; born 13 January 1969 ) is a Croatian politician who served as Minister of Construction and Physical Planning and Deputy Prime Minister in the Government of Croatia from 2017 to 2020 . He previously served as president of the Croatian People 's Party from May to December 2020 .
Early life
Born in Vinica , Štromar attended secondary school in Varaždin . He graduated at the Zagreb Faculty of Economics and Business in 1993 .
Political career
As a Croatian People 's Party candidate , Štromar was elected as prefect of Varaždin County in the 2009 election . In the 2013 election , Štromar was re-elected , while following the 2017 election , Radimir Čačić succeeded him as prefect . From 2016 to 2017 , Štromar served as deputy president of the HNS , while between June and December 2017 , he served as acting party president .
On 9 June 2017 , Štromar was appointed as Minister of Construction and Spatial Planning and Deputy Prime Minister in the cabinet of prime minister Andrej Plenković . On 24 May 2020 , Štromar was elected as president of the HNS .
Personal life
Born in the village of Vinica based in Varaždin County , Štromar is married with two daughters . Apart from his native Croatian , he is fluent in English .
See also
Cabinet of Andrej Plenković
References
1969 births
Living people
Government ministers of Croatia
Croatian politicians
People from Varaždin County
Faculty of Economics and Business , University of Zagreb alumni
Representatives in the modern Croatian Parliament
Brigadier Basil John Andrew ( 15 October 1894 – 28 April 1941 ) was an officer in the Australian Army during both the First and Second World Wars . He was the Deputy Adjutant-General of I Australian Corps in Greece , before he died in Alexandria , Egypt , of a heart attack .
Early years
Andrew was born in Melbourne , Victoria , on 15 October 1894 , the son of John Arthur and Catherine Mary Andrew of Launceston , Tasmania . Educated at Scotch College , Launceston , upon graduation he entered the Royal Military College , Duntroon as an Australian Army officer cadet .
Military career
Andrew was commissioned as an officer after the outbreak of the First World War , and was attached to the 12th Battalion of the Australian Imperial Force for active service overseas . By the war 's end he had been promoted to captain .
Returning to Australia Andrew was stationed at Launceston , then Western Australia , South Australia and Victoria . With the outbreak of the Second World War , he served with the Australian Staff Corps .
Personal life
Andrew married Ethyl Kate Petterd . On 28 April 1941 , he died of a heart attack and was survived by his wife Ethyl and his son John .
References
External links
Australian War Memorial
Roll of Honour
First World War Embarkation Roll pdf
Photograph – 1918
Funeral : P08806.003 ; P08806.006 ; P08806.009 ; P08806.011 ; P08806.012 ; Alexandria , 29 April 1941
Grave , Alexandria ( Chatby ) Military Cemetery , findagrave.com
Brigadier Basil John Andrew , generals.dk
1894 births
1941 deaths
Australian brigadiers
Australian military personnel of World War I
Australian Army personnel of World War II
People from Launceston , Tasmania
Royal Military College , Duntroon graduates
Butler County ( county code BU ) is a county in the southern portion of the U.S. state of Kansas and is the largest county in the state by total area . As of the 2020 census , the county population was 67,380 . Its county seat is El Dorado and its most populous city is Andover .
History
Early history
For many millennia , the Great Plains of North America was inhabited by nomadic Native Americans . From the 16th century to 18th century , the Kingdom of France claimed ownership of large parts of North America . In 1762 , after the French and Indian War , France secretly ceded New France to Spain , per the Treaty of Fontainebleau . In 1802 , Spain returned most of the land to France , but keeping title to about 7,500 square miles .
In 1803 , most of the land for modern day Kansas was acquired by the United States from France as part of the 828,000 square mile Louisiana Purchase for 2.83 cents per acre . In 1848 , after the Mexican–American War , the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo with Spain brought into the United States all or part of land for ten future states , including southwest Kansas . In 1854 , the Kansas Territory was organized , then in 1861 Kansas became the 34th U.S. state .
19th century
In 1855 , Butler County was founded . It was named in honor of a U.S . Senator from South Carolina , Andrew Butler ( 1796–1857 ) , who was one of the authors of the Kansas-Nebraska Act of 1854 and a strong advocate of Kansas becoming a slave state .
In 1877 , the Florence , El Dorado , and Walnut Valley Railroad Company built a branch line from Florence to El Dorado , in 1881 it was extended to Douglass , and later to Arkansas City . The line was leased and operated by the Atchison , Topeka and Santa Fe Railway . The line from Florence to El Dorado was abandoned in 1942 . The original branch line connected Florence , Burns , De Graff , El Dorado , Augusta , Douglass , Rock , Akron , Winfield , Arkansas City .
In 1887 , the Chicago , Kansas and Nebraska Railway built a branch line north–south from Herington to Caldwell . This branch line connected Herington , Lost Springs , Lincolnville , Antelope , Marion , Aulne , Peabody , Elbing , Whitewater , Furley , Kechi , Wichita , Peck , Corbin , Wellington , Caldwell . By 1893 , this branch line was incrementally built to Fort Worth , Texas . This line is called the `` OKT '' . The Chicago , Kansas and Nebraska Railway was foreclosed in 1891 and was taken over by Chicago , Rock Island and Pacific Railway , which shut down in 1980 and reorganized as Oklahoma , Kansas and Texas Railroad , merged in 1988 with Missouri Pacific Railroad , and finally merged in 1997 with Union Pacific Railroad . Most locals still refer to this railroad as the `` Rock Island '' .
21st century
In 2010 , the Keystone-Cushing Pipeline ( Phase II ) was constructed north to south through Butler County ( near Potwin , Towanda , Augusta , Douglass ) , with much controversy over tax exemption and environmental concerns ( if a leak ever occurs ) . A pumping station named Burns was built 2 miles north of Potwin , and new power lines were built from a high-voltage line 0.3 mile east of De Graff .
In an unusual technical glitch , a farmstead about 4 miles northeast of Potwin became the default site of 600 million IP addresses ( due to their lack of fine granularity ) when the Massachusetts-based digital mapping company MaxMind changed the putative geographic center of the contiguous United States from 39.8333333 , -98.585522 to 38.0000 , -97.0000 .
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has an area of , of which is land and ( 1.2 % ) is water . It is the largest county by area in Kansas .
Adjacent counties
Chase County ( northeast )
Greenwood County ( east )
Elk County ( southeast )
Cowley County ( south )
Sumner County ( southwest )
Harvey County ( west )
Sedgwick County ( west )
Marion County ( northwest )
Major highways
Sources : National Atlas , U.S. Census Bureau
Interstate 35
U.S. Route 54
U.S. Route 77
Kansas Highway 96
Kansas Highway 177
Kansas Highway 196
Kansas Highway 254
Demographics
Butler County is part of the Wichita , KS Metropolitan Statistical Area .
2000 census
As of the U.S. Census in 2000 , 59,482 people , 21,527 households , and 16,059 families resided in the county . The population density was 42 people per square mile ( 16/km2 ) . There were 23,176 housing units at an average density of 16 per square mile ( 6/km2 ) . The county 's racial makeup was 94.94 % White , 1.38 % Black or African American , 0.91 % Native American , 0.40 % Asian , 0.03 % Pacific Islander , 0.66 % from other races , and 1.69 % two or more races . Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.25 % of the population .
There were 21,527 households , of which 37.90 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 62.60 % were married couples living together , 8.30 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 25.40 % were non-families . 21.90 % of all households were made up of individuals , and 9.40 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older . The average household size was 2.67 and the average family size was 3.13 .
In the county , the population was spread out , with 28.60 % under the age of 18 , 8.30 % from 18 to 24 , 28.80 % from 25 to 44 , 21.70 % from 45 to 64 , and 12.60 % who were 65 years of age or older . The median age was 36 years . For every 100 females , there were 100.90 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 98.80 males .
The county 's median household income was $ 45,474 , and the median family income was $ 53,632 . Males had a median income of $ 38,675 versus $ 26,109 for females . The county 's per capita income was $ 20,150 . About 5.40 % of families and 7.30 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 9.00 % of those under age 18 and 6.40 % of those age 65 or over .
Government
Presidential elections
Like of most of Kansas ' counties , Butler county is solidly Republican . In 2008 , John McCain carried the county by a nearly two-to-one margin over Barack Obama . Since 1992 , no Democratic candidate has received so much as forty percent of the county 's vote . The last Democratic candidate to carry the county was Jimmy Carter in 1976 .
Laws
Butler County was a prohibition , or `` dry '' , county until the Kansas Constitution was amended in 1986 and voters approved the sale of alcoholic liquor by the individual drink with a 30 % food sales requirement .
Education
College
Butler County Community College in El Dorado
Unified school districts
Bluestem USD 205
Remington USD 206
Circle USD 375
Andover USD 385
Rose Hill USD 394
Douglass USD 396
Augusta USD 402
El Dorado USD 490
Flinthills USD 492
School district office in neighboring county
Peabody–Burns USD 398
Central USD 462
Private schools
Berean Academy in Elbing
Communities
Cities
Andover
Augusta
Benton
Cassoday
Douglass
Elbing
El Dorado
Latham
Leon
Potwin
Rose Hill
Towanda
Whitewater
Unincorporated places
†This populated place is designated a Census-Designated Place ( CDP ) by the United States Census Bureau .
Beaumont†
Bois d'Arc
Brainerd
De Graff
Gordon
Haverhill
Keighley
Lorena
Midian
Pontiac
Rosalia†
Ghost towns
Aikman
Alki
Amador
Browntown
Chelsea ( now lies under El Dorado Lake )
Durachen
Frazier
Lorena
Magna City
Midian
Oil Hill
Oil Valley
Ophir
Plum Grove
Providence
Ramsey
Salter
Vanora
Wingate
Townships
Butler County is divided into twenty-nine townships . The cities of Augusta and El Dorado are considered governmentally independent and are excluded from the census figures for the townships . In the following table , the population center is the largest city ( or cities ) included in that township 's population total , if it is of a significant size .
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Butler County , Kansas
References
Further reading
History of Butler County , Kansas ; Vol P Mooney ; Standard Publishing ; 869 pages ; 1916 .
An Illustrated Hand Book , Compiled from the Official Statistics , Descriptive of Butler County , Kansas ; 66 pages ; T.B . Murdock ; 1887 .
Standard Atlas of Butler County , Kansas ; Geo . A. Ogle & Co ; 69 pages ; 1905 .
Standard Atlas of Butler County , Kansas ; Walter F. McGinnis & I.C . Thomas ; 59 pages ; 1885 .
External links
County
Butler County - Directory of Public Officials
Historical
Butler County GenWeb
Kansas State Historical Society
Maps
Butler County Maps : Current , Historic , KDOT
Kansas Highway Maps : Current , Historic , KDOT
Kansas Railroad Maps : Current , 1996 , 1915 , KDOT and Kansas Historical Society
Kansas counties
1855 establishments in Kansas Territory
Wichita , KS Metropolitan Statistical Area
Darwin was a coal mining town near Laredo in west central Webb County , Texas , United States at the confluence of the Rio Grande and Santo Tomas creek near the present day Colombia-Solidarity International Bridge . It was founded in 1882 after coal was found near the area . It was named after David Darwin Davis , the Cannel Coal Company owner . In 1914 , the town 's population grew to 800 and the Rio Grande and Eagle Pass Railroad was built to transport the coal extracted in nearby mines . By 1939 the mines were shut down and the population declined to 75 . Today , Darwin is a ghost town where all that remains is a cemetery .
References
Geography of Webb County , Texas
Ghost towns in South Texas
The white-bellied bush chat ( Saxicola gutturalis ) is a species of bird in the family Muscicapidae . It is found in Semau , Timor and Rote Island . Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and dry savanna . It is threatened by habitat loss .
References
External links
Xeno-canto : audio recordings of the white-bellied bush chat
white-bellied bush chat
Birds of Timor
white-bellied bush chat
Taxa named by Louis Jean Pierre Vieillot
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Matthew Lee or variants may refer to :
Matthew Lee ( lawyer ) , Chinese-American public interest lawyer
Matthew Lee ( sociologist ) , American sociologist
Gammer ( born 1985 ) , real name Matthew Lee , British DJ and producer
Matty Lee ( born 1998 ) , British diver
Matt Lee ( dancer ) , Australian dancer and actor
Matt Lee ( journalist ) , Associated Press reporter
Matt Lee ( wrestler ) ( born 1983 ) , Canadian professional wrestler
The following is a list of the monastic houses in Shropshire , England .
See also
List of monastic houses in England
List of monastic houses in Wales
Notes
References
Sources
Medieval sites in England
Houses in Shropshire
Shropshire
Shropshire
Lists of buildings and structures in Shropshire
Firminópolis is a municipality in eastern Goiás state , Brazil .
Location and connections
Distance to São Luís de Montes Belos : 9 km .
Highway connections with Goiânia are made by state highway BR-069 west from Goiânia , through Trindade , Santa Bárbara de Goiás , Turvânia , and then 19 kilometers west to Firminópolis . Neighboring municipalities are Turvânia , Aurilândia , and Turvânia .
Demographic data
Population growth rate 2000/2007 : 0.53 %
Urban population in 2007 : 8,212
Rural population in 2007 : 2,074
Economic data
The main economic activities were small transformation industries , goods and services , and agricultural production . There were 02 banking institutions : Banco do Brasil S.A. - Banco Itaú S.A. ( 08/2007 ) There was 01 dairy : Manoel Pereira Peixoto ( 05/2006 ) . The cattle herd had 55,0000 head ( 2006 ) and the main crops were rice , corn , soybeans , manioc , hearts of palm , and bananas .
Education and health
Literacy rate : 84.1 %
Infant mortality rate : 18.35 in 1,000 live births
Schools : 08 ( 2006 )
Students : 2,382
Hospitals : 03 ( 2007 ) with 69 beds .
MHDI : 0.744
State ranking : 91 ( out of 242 municipalities in 2002 )
National ranking : 2,039 ( out of 5,507 municipalities in 2002 )
For the complete list see frigoletto.com.br .
See also
List of municipalities in Goiás
Microregions of Goiás
References
Frigoletto
Distances to Goiânia
Municipalities in Goiás
Mount Low is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia . It was named in 1920 after the Canadian geologist and explorer A. P. Low
See also
List of peaks on the British Columbia–Alberta border
List of mountains in the Canadian Rockies
References
Three-thousanders of Alberta
Three-thousanders of British Columbia
Mountains of Banff National Park
Canadian Rockies
Sailing was added to the Summer Paralympic Games competition schedule at the 2000 Sydney Games . Australia has been represented since 2000 Games . In 2015 , the International Paralympic Committee announced that sailing would be one of two sports dropped from the summer Paralympic Games program at the 2020 Tokyo Games . The parent body for sailing internationally , World Sailing , has stated its intention to seek re-inclusion on the summer Paralympic program at the 2028 Games in Los Angeles .
Medal table
Summer Paralympic Games
2000
Australia represented in sailing by :
Men – Jamie Dunross , Graeme Martin , Michael McLean , Noel Robins , Peter Thompson
Coaches - Lachlan Gilbert ( 2.4mR ) , Paul Eldrid ( Sonar ) Officials - John Whitfield
Australia won the gold medal in the Sonar event and finished fourth in 2.4MR . It was the second placed nation in sailing .
2004
Australia represented in sailing :
Men - Jamie Dunross , Colin Harrison , Jeff Milligan , Peter Thompson
Coaches – Lachlan Gilbert ( Head ) , Geoff Chambers
Australia failed to win any medals in the two sailing events .
2008
Australia represented in sailing by :
Teams - Russell Boaden , Colin Harrison , Graeme Martin - 3-person keelboat Sonar ; Daniel Fitzgibbon , Rachel Cox - 2-person keelboat SKUD 18 ; 2.4mR ( single-handed ) - Aaron Hill
Coaches - Greg Omay ( Head Coach ) , Adrian Finglas Officials - Sarina Macpherson ( Section Manager ) , Linnea Korssell , Sue Crafer , Geoff Milligan , Timothy Lowe
Three of the team made their Paralympic debut . Australia won a silver and bronze medal .
2012
Australia represented in sailing :
Teams - Matthew Bugg ( Single person 2.4mR ) , Daniel Fitzgibbon and Liesl Tesch ( Two people Skud 18 ) , Colin Harrison , Stephen Churm , Jonathan Harris ( Three person Sonar )
Support staff – Administration – Sarah Karsten ( Section Manager ) , Peter Conde ( Support staff ) ; Coaches – Grant Alderson , Tim Lowe , Richard Scarr ; Physiotherapist – Sarah Ross , Technical Support – Adrian Finglas , Boat Technician – Jeffery Milligan ; Personal Care Attendant – Kumi Sasaki
Lisel Tesch attended her sixth Games but the first as sailor . She previously captained Australian women 's wheelchair basketball team to medals at previous Games . Tesch won her first Paralympic gold medal by combining with Daniel Fitzgibbon to win Two Person Keelboats .
2016
Australia represented in sailing :
Teams - Matthew Bugg ( Single person 2.4mR ) , Daniel Fitzgibbon and Liesl Tesch ( Two people Skud 18 ) , Colin Harrison , Russell Boaden , Jonathan Harris ( Three person Sonar ) .
Support staff - Coaches - Grant Alderson , Geoff Woolley , Richard Scarr ; Team Leader - Mark Robinson , Assistant Team Leader - Shellee Ferguson ; Boatmen - Andrew Lechte , Tim Lowe , Physiotherapist - Sarah Ross , Carer - Ryoko Yamaguchi .
Australia one three medals - two gold medals to Daniel Fitzgibbon / Liesl Tesch ( Two person Skud 18 ) and Colin Harrison / Russell Boaden / Jonathan Harris ( Three person Sonar ) and silver medal to Matthew Bugg ( Single person 2.4mR ) .
This was the last Games for sailing has been taken off the 2020 Tokyo Games program .
See also
Sailing at the Summer Paralympics
List of Australian Paralympic sailing medalists
Australia at the Paralympics
References
Paralympic sailors of Australia
Sailing at the Summer Paralympics
Australian Paralympic teams
Sailing in Australia
The Combined Charging System ( CCS ) is a standard for charging electric vehicles . It can use or connectors to provide power at up to . These two connectors are extensions of the IEC 62196 Type 1 and Type 2 connectors , with two additional direct current ( DC ) contacts to allow high-power DC fast charging .
The Combined Charging System allows AC charging using the Type 1 and Type 2 connector depending on the geographical region . Since 2014 the European Union has required the provision of or within the European electric vehicle charging network . This charging environment encompasses charging couplers , charging communication , charging stations , the electric vehicle and various functions for the charging process such as load balancing and charge authorization . In many remaining countries no standard is preferred yet , although in 2018 the CharIN organization recommended Type 2 and Combo 2 .
Electric vehicles or electric vehicle supply equipment ( EVSE ) are CCS-capable if they support either AC or DC charging according to the standards listed by the CCS . Automobile manufacturers that support CCS include BMW , Daimler , FCA , Ford , Jaguar , General Motors , Groupe PSA , Honda , Hyundai , Kia , Mazda , MG , Polestar , Renault , Rivian , Tesla , Mahindra , Tata Motors and Volkswagen Group .
In the United States , BMW and VW claimed in April 2016 that the East Coast and West Coast corridors had `` complete '' CCS networks . Competing charging systems for high-power DC charging include CHAdeMO ( Japanese ) , Guobiao recommended-standard 20234 ( Chinese ) , and Tesla Proprietary Connector ( TPC ) ( Tesla proprietary ) .
History
The revival of interest in electric cars spurred deployment of charging stations . Initially , these accessed the abundant AC mains electricity using a variety of plugs around the world . The standardization in IEC 62196 for higher-current charging connectors brought about various systems : Type 1 was used primarily in North America and Japan , and Type 2 variants elsewhere . For DC charging , the SAE and European Automobile Manufacturers Association ( ACEA ) made a plan to add common DC wires to the existing AC connector types such that there would be only one `` global envelope '' that fitted all DC charging stations .
The proposal for a `` Combined Charging System '' ( CCS ) was published at the 15th International VDI-Congress ( Association of German Engineers ) on 12 October 2011 in Baden-Baden . CCS defines a single connector pattern on the vehicle side that offers enough space for a Type 1 or Type 2 connector , along with space for a two-pin DC connector allowing charging at up to 200amps . Seven carmakers ( Audi , BMW , Daimler , Ford , General Motors , Porsche and Volkswagen ) agreed in late 2011 to introduce CCS in mid-2012 . In May 2012 , ACEA endorsed the standardization of the Combo 2 connector across the European Union . ACEA were joined later that month by the European Association of Automotive Suppliers ( CLEPA ) and The Union of the Electricity Industry ( EURELECTRIC ) . Also that month , prototype implementations for up to 100 kW were shown at EVS26 in Los Angeles . DC charging specifications in the IEC 62196-3 draft give a range up to 125 A at up to 850 V .
The seven automakers also agreed to use HomePlug GreenPHY as the communication protocol . The prototype for the matching plug was developed by Phoenix Contact with the goal to withstand 10,000 connect cycles . The standardization proposal was sent to the IEC in January 2011 . The request to use a PLC protocol for the Vehicle2Grid communication was made in September 2009 in a joint presentation of BMW , Daimler and VW at a California Air Resources Board ZEV Technology Symposium . This competed with the CAN bus proposal from Japan ( including CHAdeMO ) and China ( GB/T 20234.3 , a separate DC connector standard ) , and none of their car manufacturers has signed up to CCS . However , China had been involved in early stages of the development of the extra DC pins .
Volkswagen built the first public CCS quick-charge station providing 50 kW DC in Wolfsburg in June 2013 to test drive the VW E-Up that was to be delivered with a DC rapid charger connector for CCS . Two weeks later , BMW opened its first CCS rapid charge station to support the BMW i3 . Since at least the second EV World Summit in June 2013 , the CHAdeMO association , Volkswagen and Nissan all advocate multi-standard DC chargers , as the additional cost of a dual-protocol station is only 5 % .
In Germany , the Charging Interface Initiative e. V. ( CharIN ) was founded by carmakers and suppliers ( Audi , BMW , Daimler , Mennekes , Opel , Phoenix Contact , Porsche , TÜV SÜD and Volkswagen ) to promote the adoption of CCS . They noted in a press release that most cars can not charge faster than 50 kW , so that was the first common power output of CCS stations to be built during 2015 . The next step was the standardization of stations with 150 kW output that they showed in October 2015 , looking to a future system with 350 kW output . Volvo joined CharIN in 2016 ; Tesla in March 2016 ; Lucid Motors ( previously Atieva ) June 2016 ; Faraday Future June 2016 ; Toyota in March 2017 .
As part of the 2016 settlement of the Volkswagen emissions scandal , VW committed to spend US $ 2 billion in the United States over the following 10 years on CCS and other charging infrastructure through subsidiary company Electrify America . In this effort , charging stations will be built with up to 150 kW at community-based locations and with up to 350 kW at highway locations . Besides CCS , CHAdeMO charging stations were to be constructed .
In November 2016 , Ford , Mercedes , Audi , Porsche and BMW announced building a 350 kW ( up to 500 A and 920 V ) charge network ( IONITY ) with 400 stations in Europe , and priced at €200,000 ( $ 220,000 ) each .
Technical design
Versions of the specifications
The Combined Charging System is meant to develop with the needs of the customer . Version 1.0 covered the currently common features of AC and DC charging , and version 2.0 addressed the near to midterm future . The specifications and underlying standards for CCS 1.0 and CCS 2.0 are described for DC charging in Table 1 and for AC charging in Table 2 .
The automotive manufacturers supporting CCS committed themselves to migrate to CCS 2.0 in 2018 . Thus it is recommended for charging station manufacturers to also support CCS 2.0 from 2018 onwards .
The specifications of CCS 3.0 were not yet precisely defined . All features of previous versions shall be preserved to ensure backward compatibility . Potential additional features include :
Reverse power transfer
Inductive charging
Wireless charging communication
Bus charging with `` pantograph '' current collector
Charging communication
Unlike the connector and inlet , which depend on the geographical location , the charging communication is the same around the globe . Generally two types of communication can be differentiated .
Basic signaling ( BS ) is done using a pulse-width modulation ( PWM ) signal which is transferred over the control pilot ( CP ) contact according to IEC 61851-1 . This communication is used for safety-related functions , indicating for example if the connector is plugged in , before contacts are made live ( or energized ) and if both charging station and electric vehicle are ready for charging . AC charging is possible using the PWM signal only . In this case the charging station uses the duty cycle of the PWM to inform the onboard charger of the maximum available current at the charging station ( A pulse width of 5 % indicates that HLC shall be used ) .
High-level communication ( HLC ) is done by modulating a high-frequency signal over the CP contact ( also known as Power Line Communication or PLC ) to transfer more complex information , which may be used e.g . for DC charging or for other services such as `` plug and charge '' or load balancing . High-level communication is based on the standard DIN SPEC 70121 and the ISO/IEC 15118-series .
Load balancing
CCS differentiates between two methods of load balancing .
Reactive load balancing allows changing the energy flow from Electric Vehicle Supply Equipment ( EVSE ) to EV instantaneously to a specific limit .
Scheduled load balancing supports reactive load balancing and additionally a planning of the energy flow from EVSE to EV with e.g . different power limits and cost indicators over time . It may for example be used to optimize energy distribution in a smart grid .
Charging authorization modes
For charge authorization , generally two approaches are foreseen .
With `` plug and charge '' , the user plugs in their vehicle and an automated authentication and authorization process is started without any further user interaction . Payment is performed automatically .
With `` external payment '' , the user has to identify with an RFID card at the terminal , or conduct a payment with a payment card , before they can proceed with charging .
Vehicle coupler
The vehicle coupler is composed of the vehicle connector , which is mounted at the end of a flexible cable , and the vehicle inlet , the counterpart of the connector , which is located within the vehicle . The CCS couplers were based on the Type 1 coupler , the North American standard , and Type 2 coupler , the European standard , as described in IEC 62196-2 . One of the challenges of the Combined Charging System was to develop a vehicle inlet which is compatible with both the existing AC vehicle connectors and additional DC contacts . For both Type 1 and Type 2 this has been accomplished by extending the inlet with two additional DC contacts below the existing AC and communication contacts . The resulting new configurations are commonly known as Combo 1 and Combo 2 .
For the DC vehicle connector , the implementation varies slightly between Combo 1 and Combo 2 . In the case of Combo 1 the connector is extended by two DC contacts , while the Type 1 portion of the connector remains the same with the AC contacts ( L1 & N ) being unused . For Combo 2 the AC contacts ( L1 , L2 , L3 & N ) are completely removed from the connector and therefore the Type 2 portion of the connector has only three contacts remaining – two communication contacts and a protective earth . The vehicle inlet may retain AC contacts to allow non-CCS AC charging .
In both cases , communication and protective earth functions are covered by the original Type 1 or 2 portion of the connector . The Type 1 and Type 2 connectors are described in IEC 62196-2 , while the Combo 1 and Combo 2 connectors are described in IEC 62196-3 as Configurations EE and FF .
High-power charging
As vehicle couplers for DC charging according to IEC 62196-3:2014 Ed.1 allow DC charging only with currents up to 200 A , they do not sufficiently cover the needs of the future charging infrastructure . Consequently , a later edition of the standard supports currents of up to 500 A . Such high currents , however , either require large cable cross-sections , leading to heavy and stiff cables , or require cooling if thinner cables are desired . In addition , contact resistance leads to more heat dissipation . To cope with these technical issues , the standard IEC TS 62196-3-1 describes the requirements for high-power DC couplers including thermal sensing , cooling and silver-plating of contacts . CharIN are investigating versions over 2 MW for electric trucks , and equipment is being tested .
Global acceptance
The Combined Charging System is primarily driven by European and North American car manufacturers . Type 1 and Combo 1 chargers are primarily found in North and Central America , Korea and Taiwan , while Type 2 and Combo 2 can be found in North and South America , Europe , South Africa , Arabia , India , Singapore , Hong Kong , Taiwan , Oceania and Australia . For DC charging the competing standard GB/T 20234-2015 is used in China , while Japan uses CHAdeMO . In many remaining countries no standard is preferred yet , although CharIN recommended Type 2 and Combo 2 in 2018 . In the European Union , according to Directive 2014/94/EU all high-power DC charging points installed after November 18 , 2017 shall be equipped for interoperability purposes at least with Combo 2 connectors . However , this does not prohibit the provision of other charging points using e.g . CHAdeMO or AC Rapid .
References
External links
Charging Interface Initiative ( CharIN )
DC power connectors
Plug-in hybrid vehicle industry
Automotive standards
Charging stations
2011 introductions
Louis-Honoré Fréchette , ( November 16 , 1839 – May 31 , 1908 ) , was a Canadian poet , politician , playwright , and short story writer . For his prose , he would be the first Quebecois to receive the Prix Montyon from the Académie française , as well as the first Canadian to receive any honor of this kind from a European nation .
Early life and education
Born in Lévis , Lower Canada , from 1854 to 1860 Fréchette did his classical studies at the Séminaire de Québec , the Collège de Sainte-Anne-de-la-Pocatière and at the Séminaire de Nicolet . Fréchette first showed his rebelliousness when he studied at college . He later studied law at Université Laval .
Career
In 1864 , he opened a lawyer 's office in Lévis where he founded two newspapers : Le drapeau de Lévis and La Tribune de Levis . He exiled himself in Chicago where he wrote La voix d'un exilé . A number of plays which he wrote during that period were lost in the Great Chicago Fire .
Fréchette returned to Quebec in 1871 , where he was a Liberal candidate for Lévis in the provincial elections that year ; he was not elected . However , in 1874 he was elected Member of Parliament in Ottawa . He served in the House of Commons of Canada from 1874 to 1878 as the Liberal Party of Canada member from Lévis.He was not re-elected in 1878 . After that , he moved to Montreal where he began writing full-time , having inherited the wealth of his aunt when she died .
He was the first Quebecer to receive the Montyon Prize of the Académie française for his collection of poems Les Fleurs boréales , les oiseaux de neige ( 1879 ) .
In 1881 , he was given an honorary LLD by Queen 's College , Kingston . In that same year Fréchette would meet Mark Twain in Montreal , whose writing he had much admired ; indeed the two would remain friends , exchanging works and favorite books . In the following year Twain would toast Fréchette at an American welcoming banquet in Holyoke , joking about his regard for the translation of works that in his fictitious `` translation his [ Fréchette 's ] pathetic poems have naturally become humorous , his humorous poems have become sad . Anybody who knows even the rudiments of arithmetic will know that Monsieur Fréchette 's poems are now worth exactly twice as much as they were before . ''
In 1897 Fréchette was made a Companion of the Order of St Michael and St George . After his death in 1908 , he was entombed at the Notre Dame des Neiges Cemetery in Montreal .
Canada Post issued a postage stamp in his honour on July 7 , 1989 .
In 1991 , Louis Honoré Fréchette Public School , a French immersion , opened in Thornhill , Ontario .
Electoral record
Notable works
Poetry
La voix d'un exilé ( 1866 )
La découverte du Mississippi ( 1873 )
Pêle-mêle ( 1877 )
La Légende d'un peuple ( 1877 )
Poésies choisies ( 1879 )
Les Fleurs boréales , les oiseaux de neige ( 1879 )
Quebec ( 1887 )
Short stories
L'Iroquoise du lac Saint-Pierre ( 1861 )
Originaux et détraqués ( 1892 ) , based on real life characters
Les contes de Jos Violon
Christmas in French Canada ( 1899 )
Plays
Le retour de l'exilé ( 1880 )
Papineau ( 1880 )
La retour de l'exilé ( 1880 )
Félix Poutré ( 1892 )
Archives
There is a Louis-Honoré Fréchette fonds at Library and Archives Canada . Archival reference number is R8032 . There is also a Louis-Honoré Fréchette fonds at Bibliothèque et Archives nationales du Québec .
References
Bibliography
W. H. New , ed . Encyclopedia of Literature in Canada . Toronto : University of Toronto Press , 2002 : 395–97 .
External links
Notice biographique de Louis Fréchette at L'Île ( in French )
Louis-Honoré Fréchette 's entry in The Canadian Encyclopedia
1839 births
1908 deaths
19th-century Canadian poets
Canadian male poets
Canadian Companions of the Order of St Michael and St George
19th-century Canadian dramatists and playwrights
Writers from Quebec
Canadian poets in French
Liberal Party of Canada MPs
Members of the House of Commons of Canada from Quebec
Persons of National Historic Significance ( Canada )
Canadian dramatists and playwrights in French
Canadian male dramatists and playwrights
19th-century male writers
Université Laval alumni
Burials at Notre Dame des Neiges Cemetery
Sarıyer Belediyesi Spor Kulübü is the women 's volleyball club based in Istanbul , Turkey .
History
2012
After two undefeated seasons , claiming the championship from the League 3 and League 2 , Sariyer climbed to the Turkish First League .
Sarıyer won the First Bosphorus International Tournament , played in their home court as a pre-season tournament in late September , defeating the German team Alemannia Aachen .
Emel Çelikpazı was awarded the best server .
Current squad
Squad as of season 2021–22
Technical and managerial staff
Technical Team as of season 2020–21
Honours
Turkish championships ( 2 )
Turkish Women 's Volleyball League 2 :
Winners 2011–12
Turkish Women 's Volleyball League 3 :
Winners 2010–11
See also
See also Turkey women 's national volleyball team
References
External links
Turkish Volleyball Federation
Women 's volleyball teams in Turkey
Sport in Sarıyer
Tokenzone , Inc. ( known colloquially as Tokenzone ) is a company primarily known for inventing the concept of Non-fungible Tokens used primarily as digital collectibles on the Internet . Tokenzone was founded on January 21 , 2000 , by the Arias Brothers ( Isaac , Ricardo and Eduardo ) .
In November 2000 , Tokenzone founders filed the first patent application with the United States Patent and Trademark Office for a method and apparatus of collecting and trading items provides for receiving collectible items , trading the items with other collectors and interacting with the items . The items can typically be representative of trading cards including , for example , baseball cards , movie scenes , or in other instances , currencies . Various games can be built around the method including providing that the first player to collect all of the trading cards or Token instances will receive a reward . Multiple players can engage in the game using , for example , the Internet .
Tokenzone pioneered the concept of Digital Collectibles by developing a technology that centrally managed the creation , distribution and exchange of digital non-fungible tokens . Companies such as The Walt Disney Company , Time Warner , ViacomCBS , Mattel and The Coca-Cola Company were among the earliest adopters .
References
External links
Tokenzone Patent Application
Tokenzone website
Disney Tokenzone Program website
Harry Potter Magical Trading Cards website
American companies established in 2000
Companies based in White Plains , New York
Online companies of the United States
A GNU license or GNU General Public License ( GNU GPL ) , is a series of widely-used free software licenses that guarantee end users the freedom to run , study , share , and modify the software . Version 1 was released 25 February 1989 by Richard Stallman and its last version ( 3 ) was published on 29 June 2007 . Meanwhile it has originated other derivations to address problems related to free software availability and usage as seen in the articles below .
GNU License may refer to :
GNU General Public License
GNU Lesser General Public License
GNU Free Documentation License
GNU Affero General Public License
See also
This is a list of adult fiction books that topped The New York Times Fiction Best Seller list in 2019 , in the Combined Print & E-Book Fiction category .
The most frequent weekly best seller of the year was Where the Crawdads Sing by Delia Owens with 25 weeks at the top of the list .
See also
The New York Times Nonfiction Best Sellers of 2019
References
2019
.
2019 in the United States
Best
The 2021–22 Liga Leumit will be the 23rd season as second tier since its re-alignment in 1999 and the 80th season of second-tier football in Israel .
A total of sixteen teams will be contesting in the league , including twelve sides from the 2020-21 season , the two promoted teams from 2020–21 Liga Alef and the two relegated teams from 2020–21 Israeli Premier League .
Changes from 2020–21 season
Team changes
The following teams have changed division since the 2020–21 season .
To Liga Leumit
Promoted from Liga Alef
Hapoel Ashdod ( South Division )
Maccabi Bnei Reineh ( North Division )
Relegated from Premier League
Bnei Yehuda Tel Aviv
Hapoel Kfar Saba
From Liga Leumit
Promoted to Premier League
Hapoel Nof HaGalil
Hapoel Jerusalem
Relegated to Liga Alef
Hapoel Iksal
Hapoel Kfar Shalem
Overview
Stadions and locations
The club is playing their home games at a neutral venue because their own ground does not meet league requirements .
Standings
Results
Position by round
Promotion playoffs
Relegation playoffs
Promotion/Relegation playoff
The 14th-placed team faced 2021–22 Liga Alef promotion play-offs winner in a one game .
See also
Toto Cup Leumit
References
2021–22 in Israeli football leagues
Liga Leumit seasons
Isr
Cyclophora porata , the false mocha , is a moth of the family Geometridae . The species can be found in southern Europe and England to Denmark , southern Sweden and the Caucasus .
Description
The wingspan is . The fore wings are reddish , warm orange-brown , but the hind wings are clearly lighter in tone . The wings are covered with abundant grey scales , and both the front and hind wings have a clear centre spot consisting of a dark ring with a white centre . The grey scales give the wings a shining impression . The inner and outer cross-lines are broken into a row of separate black dots . The middle crossband is greyish and blends with the background colour of the wing without a clear boundary .
Biology
The moths fly in generations from May to June and from August to September in western Europe .
The caterpillars can be green or brownish yellow , and feed on oak and birch .
Similar species
Cyclophora porata is difficult to certainly distinguish from these congeners See Townsend et al .
Blair 's Mocha Cyclophora puppillaria ( Herrich-Schäffer , 1855 )
Jersey Mocha Cyclophora ruficiliaria
Maiden 's Blush Cyclophora punctaria ( Linnaeus , 1758 )
Clay Triple-lines Cyclophora linearia ( Hübner , 1799 )
References
External links
False mocha on UKmoths
Lepidoptera of Belgium
Lepiforum.de
Vlindernet.nl
Cyclophora ( moth )
Moths of Europe
Moths described in 1767
Taxa named by Carl Linnaeus
Life
Eitbar Hussain Bartar was born in Khairabad in April 1889 . He was a Tehsildar of lashkar ( Gwalior ) . He was also a great a philosopher , a poet , a religious scholar of Khairabad in India . After the retirement of majestate he writes many poets and nazms . He was a son of great Indian Urdu Poet Muztar Khairabadi , and his brothers is Jan Nisar Akhtar and Yadgar Hussain Nashtar . Nephews are Javed Akhtar poet , lyricist and scriptwriter in Bollywood , Salman Akhtar .
His sons are : -
Namdar Hussain ( Khanjar Khairabadi )
Barkarar hussain ( Sagar )
Shandar Hussain ( Arshi )
His grandsons are Farhan Akhtar , Mohammad Taheer Ahmad , Syed Urooj Ahmad , Syed Razdar Hussain ( Dilbar ) , Kabir Akhtar , Syed Suroor Ahmad , Syed Shaoor Ahmad , Syed Touseef Ahmad , Syed Zubair Ahmad , Musheer Ahmed and Dabeer Ahmad .
New Generation of Eitbar Hussain Bartar
His great-grand sons ( New Generation ) are Syed Vaqar Ahmad , Syed Masroor Ahmad Bilal Ahmad , Tawqeer Ahmed , Naved Ahmed , Owais Ahmed , Saood Ahmad , Mohammad Maaz Rizvi and Muawwaz Ahmad Rizvi .
References
Books of Muztar Khairabadi .
His own letter 's and his father Muztar Khairabadi .
http : //www.urdushayari.in/2011/11/muztar-khairabadi.html
Javed Akhtar
http : //urduadab4u.blogspot.in/2012/02/muztar-khairabadi-renowned-urdu-poet.html
20th-century Indian philosophers
1889 births
1974 deaths
The taekwondo competition at the 2015 Military World Games was held from 8–10 October 2015 at the KAFAC Indoor Sports Complex in Mungyeong .
Medal summary
Results :
Men 's events
Women 's events
References
External links
Official website
Military World Games
2015 Military World Games
2015
Pamela Anne Bowden ( 17 April 19258 April 2003 ( age 78 ) ) was an English contralto .
Bowden was born in Rochdale and was educated at Heywood Grammar School and the Royal Manchester College of Music . During World War II she was a Wren . In 1954 she won the Geneva International Music Competition . She made over 750 professional performances , retiring in 1979 . After this she taught at the London College of Music and was President of the Incorporated Society of Musicians .
She was also an eloquent advocate of the music of her contemporaries , singing and recording to advantage Tippett 's A Child Of Our Time , Britten 's ingenuous A Charm Of Lullabies , Lennox Berkeley 's tender Four Poems Of St Teresa Of Avila , and the role of Isabella in Bernard Hermann 's opera Wuthering Heights . Malcolm Arnold wrote his Five William Blake Songs with Bowden in mind .
Between 1954 and 1979 , when she retired , she gave more than 750 performances and/or broadcasts under the most distinguished conductors of the day , among them Josef Krips , Paul Sacher , Solti , Sargent , Boult , Mackerras and Boulez . The consistency of her contributions derived from her innate musicianship and innate sense of the appropriate style .
Bowden 's operatic appearances were limited to some with the English Opera Group and the role of Madame Larina in Tchaikovsky 's Eugene Onegin , at both Glyndebourne and Covent Garden . Her interpretation of that part , sympathetic and well-pointed as regards the text - she sang it in both Russian and English - showed what the stage lost through the infrequency of her excursions into opera .
In retirement , she had a fruitful career as a singing teacher , an administrator and adjudicator . As I recall from working with her on juries , her judgment was always judicious and assured . While searching for the best in any participant 's performance , she was also acute in her ability to put her finger on faults . She was also president of the Incorporated Society of Musicians .
She married the racing driver Derrick Edwards in 1960 . He died in 2000 : they had two children .
References
1925 births
2003 deaths
English contraltos
People educated at Heywood Grammar School
Alumni of the Royal Manchester College of Music
Academics of the University of West London
Winners of the Geneva International Music Competition
20th-century English women singers
20th-century English singers
Ekaterina Sokirianskaia ( ; December 19 , 1975 ) is a Russian human rights researcher , journalist , writer , professor of political science . Her researches dedicated mostly to the region of North Caucasus , where she worked at `` Memorial '' , non-governmental human rights center from 2003 to 2008 as researcher , and at the Grozny University , where she taught political science .
Biography
birthplace
Ekaterina Sokirianskaia was born in the City of Leningrad ( present day , Saint Petersburg ) on December 19 , 1975 .
Education
Studied in Foreign Languages Faculty at Herzen University , Philosophy and Political Science Faculty at the Saint Petersburg State University , had Russian degree of Candidate of Sciences for research `` Methodology and techniques of negotiation in resolving ethnopolitical conflicts '' ( 2002 ) . She has Doctor of Philosophy degree in political science from Central European University , Budapest .
Career
Ekaterina Sokirianskaia lived 17 years in North Caucasus , researching political situation . From 2003 to 2008 , Sokirianskaia was a team of the Memorial Center in Ingushetia and Chechnya , monitoring and researching human rights conditions and during war conflicts as well as Ossetian–Ingush Conflict , her projects were `` Database of missing residents of the Chechen Republic '' and `` Countering falsification of criminal cases in the framework of counter-terrorism operations in the North Caucasus '' . From 2004 to 2006 she taught in the History Faculty of the Grozny State University . From 2008 to 2011 , she was program curator at the Memorial Centers in Kabardino-Balkaria and Dagestan , researching situation with human rights violations , work at settlement of new offices of the Memorial in Nalchik and Makhachkala .
Ekaterina Sokirianskaia was a spokeswoman of International Crisis Group in Russia since November 2011 .
She cooperated with the Expert Council under the Commissioner for Human Rights in the Russian Federation as an expert ( about 2007 ) .
Publications ( selective , not complete list )
Sokirianskaia , E. 2005 , Forced migration in the Northern Caucasus : involving local stakeholders in the process of returning Ingush IDPs ( Policy Analyses ) ( p. 19 ) . Budapest : Central european university , center for policy studies ; Open society institute
Sokirianskaia , E. 2006 , Modern nation-building in the northern caucasus : Ingushetia 1992-2004 . In W. J. Burszta & T. Kamusella ( Eds . ) , Nationalisms across the globe : an overview of nationalisms in state-endowed and stateless nations . The world . Vol . 2 ( p. 469 ) . Poznań : School of Humanities and Journalism .
Sokirianskaia , E. , 2006 , Getting Back Home ? Towards Sustainable Return of Ingush Forced Migrants and Lasting Peace in Prigorodny District of North Ossetia ( Policy Analyses ) ( p. 49 ) . Budapest : Central european university , center for policy studies ; Open society institute
Sokirianskaia , E. 2010 , Governing Fragmented Societies : State-Building and Political Integration in Chechnya and Ingushetia ( 1991-2009 ) . Central Europe University , Budapest
Sokirianskaia , E. 2010 , Ideology and Conflict : Chechen Political Nationalism Prior to and During , Ten Years of War . In M. Gammer ( Ed . ) , Ethno-nationalism , Islam and the state in the Caucasus : post-Soviet disorder ( pp . 102–138 ) . London : Routledge
Sokirianskaia , E. 2013 , December 5 , Winter Games , Caucasian Misery . New York Times
Sokirianskaia , E. 2013 , December 7 , A Chill Wind in the Caucasus . New York Times , p. A21
Sokirianskaia , E. 2014 , State and Violence in Chechnya ( 1997–1999 ) . In A. Regamey , E. Sieca-Kozlowski , & A . Le Huérou ( Eds . ) , Chechnya at War and Beyond ( pp . 93–117 ) . New York : Routledge/Taylor & Francis
Sokirianskaia , E. 2015 , To the Islamic State and Back . Crisis Group
Sokirianskaia , E. 2016 , Russia 's North Caucasus Insurgency Widens as ISIS ' Foothold Grows . World Politics Review
Sokirianskaia , E. 2017 , March 22 , Vladimir Putin has one reliable set of allies : Russia 's iron ladies . Guardian
Sokirianskaia , E. 2017 , May 3 , Chechnya 's Anti-Gay Pogrom . New York Times
Sokirianskaia , E. 2017 , August 1 , Is Chechnya Taking Over Russia ? International New York Times
References
External links
Ekaterina Sokirianskaia , the International Crisis Group 's North Caucasus expert , speaking about field research `` The North Caucasus Insurgency and Syria : An Exported Jihad ? `` , also participated in discussion , Sufian Zhemukhov , Senior Research Associate , George Washington University , moderated by Olga Oliker , Russia and Eurasia Program , Center for Strategic and International Studies ( Center for Strategic & International Studies April 14 , 2016 , `` The North Caucasus Insurgency and Syria '' , YouTube , accessed September 2 , 2020 https : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=YcmnA7lJ_i4 & list=WL & index=115 & t=0s )
Women human rights activists
Women in the Chechen wars
Russian human rights activists
Memorial ( society )
1975 births
Living people
UFCU Disch–Falk Field is the baseball stadium of the University of Texas at Austin . It has been home to Texas Longhorns baseball since it opened on February 17 , 1975 , replacing Clark Field as the home of the Longhorns .
The stadium is named for former Longhorns coaches Billy Disch and Bibb Falk . Beginning August 1 , 2006 , the name of the stadium was changed to UFCU Disch–Falk Field , following a sponsorship deal with a local credit union , University Federal Credit Union .
Stadium History
February 17 , 1975 - The Longhorns swept a doubleheader from St. Mary 's , ( Texas ) 4-0 and 11-0 , in their first games on the new field
April 19 , 1975 - Stadium was dedicated as Disch-Falk Field prior to Texas ' doubleheader sweep of TCU ( 18-3 and 14-0 )
Summer 1979 - New AstroTurf was installed on the infield
May 19 , 1982 - The largest crowd ever to see a collegiate game at Disch-Falk Field – 8,000 fans – saw Texas defeat Oklahoma , 8-0 , during the NCAA Central Regional
Summer 1985 - New AstroTurf was installed on the entire field
Summer 1989 - A new computerized scoreboard was installed in left field
Winter 1995 - New AstroTurf was installed on the infield .
Winter 1996 - The computerized scoreboard was upgraded
Winter 1999 - New AstroTurf was installed on the entire field , the outfield fence was constructed and padded and the clubhouse and team areas were renovated
Spring 2005 - New scoreboard with Jumbotron is installed in left field
August 1 , 2006 - Stadium renamed UFCU Dicsh-Falk Field
Spring 2008 - Work completed on $ 25.8 million renovation of UFCU Disch–Falk Field
Fall 2009 - FieldTurf playing surface was installed
Spring 2012 - New videoboard installed in right field
Winter 2016 - New FieldTurf playing surface was installed and the fences in the gaps were moved closer
Winter 2019 - Replaced left field scoreboard with a new videoboard
Fall 2019 - Opened the 21,500-square-foot J. Dan Brown Family Player Development Center
Note : The entire playing surface , excluding the pitcher 's mound , is FieldTurf .
Attendance
In 2013 , the Longhorns ranked 6th among Division I baseball programs in attendance , averaging 5,793 per home game .
In 2012 , college baseball writer Eric Sorenson ranked the stadium as the fifth best big game atmosphere in Division I baseball .
Changes to Disch-Falk
2006-2008 Renovation
In July 2005 , the University announced an $ 18 million renovation project for Disch-Falk Field . Construction began in late 2006 . The Longhorns played their 2007 season at the stadium during the renovation , although a few early season games and the NCAA Regional Tournament were moved to the nearby Dell Diamond . Completed for the 2008 season , the renovated Disch-Falk field was designed by architectural firm DLR Group . The renovations included :
107 premium seats added increasing capacity to 6,756
17 new suites
lowering of the seating bowl six feet to field level
complete replacement of the seating bowl
expanded concourse
new team merchandise store
new full-service ticket office
expanded concessions and restrooms
enhanced media services spaces
new lighting and sound systems
new metal wall cladding and TPO roof
dugouts moved closer to the field
new bullpens
new weight training facility
new team training areas
new team meeting room
new coaches offices
replacement of AstroTurf surface with FieldTurf .
Scoreboard
Before the 2019 season the left field videoboard was completely replaced . The right field scoreboard was installed before the 2012 season .
Naming
October 12 , 2005 , the University announced a $ 13.1 million gift from University Federal Credit Union as the major gift in the campaign to finance the renovation of the ballpark . In connection with this gift , the name of the stadium changed to UFCU Disch–Falk Field on August 1 , 2006 .
Attendance records
Through June 3 , 2022
Gallery
See also
List of NCAA Division I baseball venues
References
External links
UFCU Disch-Falk Field information at TexasSports.com
Texas Step Up to the Plate Renovation Donation Campaign
Disch-Falk renovation and renaming announcement at TexasSports.com
DLR Group awarded expansion contract
DLR Group website
College baseball venues in the United States
Baseball venues in Austin , Texas
Texas Longhorns baseball venues
University of Texas at Austin campus
Southwest Conference Baseball Tournament venues
The Kazakh Ground Forces ( , ; ) is the land service branch of the Armed Forces of the Republic of Kazakhstan . It is one of the three uniformed military services , and is the most senior branch of the Kazakh military in order of precedence . The main tasks of the Ground Forces include the following : maintaining the readiness of troops to repel aggression , the armed defense of the territorial integrity and sovereignty of Kazakhstan , protecting the state and military facilities , peacekeeping missions . In its duties , it primarily engages in land warfare and combined arms operations , including armored and mechanized operations as well as airborne and air assault operations . It is headed by a chief military officer , the Commander of the Ground Forces who is also a member of the General Staff .
History
Soviet era
Many large units of the Turkestan Military District was redeployed from the Turkmen SSR to Eastern Kazakhstan back in the 1960s . Immediately prior to its dissolution , the 40th Army consisted of the 78th Tank Division , the 5202nd Base for Storage of Weapons and Equipment ( prior to 1989 , the 71st Motor Rifle Division ) , the 5203rd Storage Base in Ust-Kamenogorsk ( prior to 1989 , the 155th Motor Rifle Division ) , the 5204th Storage Bade at Karaganda ( prior to 1989 , the 203rd Zaporozhye Khingan Motor Rifle Division ) , the 69th Tank Division and the 10th Fortified Area . The 69th Tank Division and the 10th Fortified Area were both disbanded in 1992 .
The 57th Separate Airborne Brigade based in Aktogay , East Kazakhstan Region was the only unit of the Soviet Airborne Forces based in Kazakhstan .
Post-independence
The Kazakh Army was founded on 9 April 1993 , by the order of Defense Minister Sagadat Nurmagambetov . It followed the enacting of the law , `` On Defense and Armed Forces of the Republic of Kazakhstan '' , which is the legal basis for the Kazakh military structures . The former Soviet structure of troops was preserved , with the Kazakh Army being made up of the Soviet 32nd Army , which had been serving in the Kazakh Soviet Socialist Republic for many years before it came under Kazakh government control in May 1992 . That month , on the basis of the 5203rd Military Equipment Storage Base ( formerly the 155th Motorized Rifle Division ) , the 511th Motorized Rifle Regiment was re-formed with a deployment in the settlement . Georgievka , Semipalatinsk Region .
In the middle of the 1990s , the Kazakh Ground Forces included the 1st Army Corps ( HQ Semipalatinsk ) , the 68th Motor Rifle Division ( Sary-Ozek in the Kyzylorda Province ) , with 2 motor-rifle and one tank regiments , and the 78th Tank Division ( HQ Ayaguz ) . The IISS reported that as of 1 June 1995 Kazakh ground forces included a corps HQ ; a tank division ; an artillery brigade ; two motor-rifle divisions ( one training ) ; an artillery regiment ; an independent motor rifle regiment ; a multiple rocket launcher brigade with BM-21 and 9P140 `` Urugan , '' ; and an air assault brigade . While the 68th Division was called a motor-rifle formation , in equipment terms it had almost 300 tanks and about 500 armoured fighting vehicles . The 78th Tank Division had 350 tanks , 290 armoured fighting vehicles and 150 artillery pieces . The 210th Guards Training Center ( often called the Division of Guards by Kazakh sources ) , had 6,000 soldiers and officers and 220 tanks and 220 artillery pieces , so was a strengthened division . In 1997 , the 2nd Army Corps was created with headquarters in Almaty , under which all units and formations in the Almaty , Zhambyl and South Kazakhstan regions were transferred .
On 17 November 1997 , the General Purpose Forces were formed . In 2000 , on the basis of the 35th Guards Airborne Assault Brigade , the Mobile Forces of the Armed Forces were created , which in 2003 were renamed into Airmobile Forces as part of the Ground Forces . In 2015 , Airmobile Troops were renamed Air Assault Troops . Since 2002 , the ground forces have begun the transition to a brigade structure . In this regard , there was a process of disbandment of divisions and the creation of brigades on the basis of regiments .
Structure
Regional Commands
On July 6 , 2000 , military districts ( ) were created to control the ground forces :
Central Military District ( HQ Karaganda )
Eastern Military District ( HQ Semey )
Western Military District ( HQ Atyrau )
Southern Military District ( HQ Taraz )
The Eastern Military District was formed on the basis of the administration of the 1st Army Corps . The Directorate of the Southern Military District ( Military Unit 03858 ) was created in Taraz on 15 September 2000 , on the basis of the directorate of the 2nd Army Corps and the Directorate of the Ground Forces . On 7 May 2003 , the military districts were renamed into regional commands ( ) Currently , the ground forces include four regional commands :
Regional Command `` Astana '' ( HQ Karaganda )
Regional Command `` East '' ( HQ Semey )
Regional Command `` West '' ( HQ Atyrau )
Regional Command `` South '' ( HQ Taraz )
Each of the commands have the following general composition :
One mechanized division ( comprising three tank regiments and one artillery regiment )
One motor rifle division ( comprising one tank brigade , two motor rifle regiments , and one artillery regiment )
One training center with two motor rifle regiments
One motor rifle training regiment
One tank training regiment
One artillery regiment
Three independent motor rifle brigades
Two artillery brigades
One engineer brigade
Regional Command `` Astana ''
It is located within the administrative boundaries of Akmola , Karagandy Province , Kostanay Province and North Kazakhstan . The command acts as the Supreme Commander 's reserve . The District includes the following units :
7th Separate Motor Rifle Brigade at Karaganda
Reconnaissance Regiment at Aktas
401st Cannon Artillery Brigade at Ungurtas
402nd Rocket Artillery Brigade at Priozersk
403rd Anti-tank Artillery Brigade at Priozersk
Training Center for Combat Training of Junior Specialists and the Reserve at Spassk
Missile Forces and Artillery Training Center at Priozersk
The command has had the following commanders :
Major General Vladimir Shatsky ( April 2008– ? )
Colonel Mereke Kuchekbaev ( since 9 January 2020 )
Regional Command `` East ''
It is located within the administrative boundaries of East Kazakhstan and Pavlodar Province ( Families , Ust-Kamenogorsk , George , and Ayagoz Usharalsky Garrisons ) . The District has the following units :
3rd Mechanized Brigade ( formerly the 78th Tank Division ) at Ayaguz
3rd Separate Motor Rifle Brigade at Usharal ( Military Unit No.40398 , formed on the basis of a motor rifle regiment of the 155th Motor Rifle Division )
4th Mechanized Brigade at Novo-Akhmirovo , Ust-Kamenogorsk ( Military Unit No.27943 )
8th Mechanized Brigade at Semey
11th Tank Brigade at Ayagoz
34th Artillery Brigade at Usharal
101st Missile Brigade at Semey
102nd Rocket Artillery Brigade at Semey
103rd Cannon Artillery Brigade at Semey
Separate Reconnaissance Regiment at Semey
Separate Communications Brigade at Semey
Artillery Brigade
Air Defence Missile Brigade
Three Storage Bases
The command has had the following commanders :
Lieutenant General Nikolai Pospelov ( September 2008– ? )
Major General Asan Zhusupov ( since September 2019 )
Regional Command `` West ''
It is located within the administrative boundaries of the West Kazakhstan Province , Aktobe Province , Atyrau Province and Mangystau Province . The main task is ensuring the integrity of state borders , territorial integrity , sovereignty and economic interests of Kazakhstan in the Kazakh sector of the Caspian Sea . The District has the following units :
100th Artillery Brigade at Aktobe
Separate Motorized Rifle Battalion at Aktobe
390th Guards Naval Infantry Brigade at Aktau
Separate Reconnaissance Regiment at Atyrau
Separate Motorized Rifle Battalion at Beineu
Separate Motor Rifle Brigade
Artillery Brigade
The command has had the following commanders :
General Alimzhan Erniyazov ( November 6 , 2008 – July 28 , 2009 )
Major General Aldiyarov Nurlan Kapanovich ( May 6 , 2021 – June 9 , 2022 )
Major General Ospanov Daulet Ryskulbekovich ( June 9 , 2022 )
Regional Command `` South ''
It is located within the administrative boundaries of Almaty Province , Zhambyl Province , South Kazakhstan Province and Kyzylorda Province . The district 's main task is ensuring security in the south-eastern borders of the country . The District includes the following :
5th Mountain Rifle Brigade at Taraz
Separate Motor Rifle Battalion at Lugovoi
Separate Tank Battalion at Lugovoi
Separate Reconnaissance Battalion at Lugovoi
Separate Motor Rifle Battalion at Merke
6th Mechanized Brigade at Shymkent
Separate Mountain-Jaeger Regiment
40th Otar Military Base
12th Mechanized Brigade
54th Guards Artillery Brigade
23rd Engineer Brigade
Training Center of the Ground Forces named after Karasai Batyr
221st Separate Communications Brigade at Taraz
232nd Engineer Brigade at Kapchagai
The command has had the following commanders :
General Uali Elamanov ( 2003—2004 )
General Bakhtiyar Syzdykov ( 2004—2007 )
General Bulat Darbekov ( 2007—2008 )
General Alikhan Dzharbulov ( 2008– ? )
Major General Talgat Koibakov ( 2012–2016 )
Major General Marat Khusainov ( 2016–2019 )
Major General Kaidar Karakulov ( since 2019 )
Air Assault Forces
The Kazakh Air Assault Forces were formed by grouping the 35th Guards Air Assault Brigade ( which arrived from Germany in April 1991 , and was taken over by Kazakhstan in 1992 ) with new brigades formed from previous Soviet units . In October 2003 , the 36th Separate Air Assault Brigade was formed on the basis of the 2nd Motor Rifle Brigade . On the basis of Taldykorgan Motor Rifle Regiment , in April 2003 the 37th Separate Air Assault Brigade was formed . The 38th Air Assault Brigade is also known as the KAZBRIG Peacekeeping Brigade and was given its current name in 2007 .
The Airmobile Forces consists of the following units :
35th Guards Air Assault Brigade ( Kapshagai )
36th Air Assault Brigade ( Nur-Sultan )
37th Air Assault Brigade ( Taldykorgan )
38th Air Assault Brigade
Artillery and Missile Forces
The Artillery and Missile Forces of Kazakhstan was formed in 1992 on the basis of the headquarters of the Missile Forces and Artillery of the Central Asian Military District of the Soviet Armed Forces . At first , they were structurally part of the Special Forces of the Ministry of Defense , and then the General Purpose Forces . Since 2003 , they have operated as a separate branch of the military under the Ground Forces . Units and subunits are equipped with all the necessary types of missile and artillery systems of caliber from 82 to 300 mm .
The Department of Artillery has been operating at the Military Institute of the Ground Forces since 1993 , which annually graduates up to 60 officers-artillerymen . In 2014 , on the basis of the National University of Defense , the Department of Missile Forces and Artillery was created . Professional officers of this profile are also trained at the Mikhailovskaya Military Artillery Academy in St. Petersburg . Additionally , the forces are replenished by graduates of the military departments of the Karaganda State Technical University and the Almaty Satbayev University . In 1998 , at the Matybulak training ground , three Tochka-U tactical missiles were launched , the launch of the first rocket from which was then carried out by President Nazarbayev . In 2002 , at the Saryshagan training ground , operational-tactical exercises of the Rocket Forces and Artillery “ Shield of the Motherland ” were held .
The current commander is Colonel Askar Zholamanov . 19 November is celebrated as the Day of Missile Forces and Artillery .
Training
Military Institute
The Military Institute of the Kazakh Ground Forces ( / Құрлық әскерлерінің әскери институты ) is the main educational institute of the Ground Forces , and one of the leading Kazakh military academies . It has many notable alumni , including Lieutenant General Murat Maikeyev , Colonel General Saken Zhasuzakov and Major General Abibilla Kudayberdiev .
Junior Specialist Training
The training of junior specialists of rank and file in military accounting specialties for the Ground Forces is carried out in the following training centers :
Training Center for Junior Specialists of the Kazakh Ground Forces named for Karasai Batyr – Jambyl Region
Training Center for Combat Training of Junior Specialists and the Reserve of the Ground Forces – Spassk , Karaganda
Training Center of the Missile Forces and Artillery – Priozersk , Karaganda
Cadet Corps
The Cadet Corps named after Shoqan Walikhanov is an institution of the ministry of defense was formed on 1 July 1996 as a secondary school that prepared Kazakh youth for service in the military . A month after its formation , the corps had 96 enlisted cadets , most of whom came from the Alma-Ata Higher All-Arms Command School . On its first graduation day in 1999 , the corps received its own battle flag by the then head of the corps , Colonel Kuangaliev and defense minister Mukhtar Altynbayev . The corps is currently based in the city of Shchuchinsk in the Akmola Region .
Foreign education
Some of Kazakhstan 's officers have trained at the United States Military Academy at West Point .
Equipment
Small arms
Vehicles
References
Military of Kazakhstan
Armies by country
Military units and formations established in 1993
Telpino ( ) is a rural locality ( a village ) in Vozhbalskoye Rural Settlement , Totemsky District , Vologda Oblast , Russia . The population was 11 as of 2002 .
Geography
Telpino is located 47 km west of Totma ( the district 's administrative centre ) by road . Panovo is the nearest rural locality .
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Norton Lewis Lichtenwalner ( June 1 , 1889 – May 3 , 1960 ) was a Democratic member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania .
Early life and education
Norton L. Lichtenwalner was born in Allentown , Pennsylvania to Fred H. and Jennie ( Seiple ) Lichtenwalner . He graduated from Allentown High School ( now known as William Allen High School ) in 1905 and Bethlehem Preparatory School in 1906 . He attended Lehigh University in Bethlehem , Pennsylvania .
Career
In 1908 , Lichtenwalner moved to New York City , where he was employed by E. Naumburg & Co. , a banking company . He returned to Allentown in 1915 , where he worked in the retail furniture business until 1922 , and then in automobile retail industry until 1933 . During World War I , Lichtenwalner enlisted as a seaman in the U.S. Navy Reserve .
Lichtenwalner was elected as a Democrat to the Seventy-second Congress . He lost his reelection bid in 1932 and then became State director for the Pennsylvania National Emergency Council from 1935 to 1941 and State director of Office of Government Reports in 1941 and 1942 . In 1949 , he was elected to the Allentown City Council , where he served for one term . In 1955 , he was elected treasurer of Lehigh County , Pennsylvania for one term .
Death
He died in Allentown on May 3 , 1960 and is buried in Fairview Cemetery in Allentown .
Sources
The Political Graveyard
References
1889 births
1960 deaths
Lehigh University alumni
Pennsylvania city council members
Politicians from Allentown , Pennsylvania
William Allen High School alumni
American military personnel of World War I
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Pennsylvania
20th-century American politicians
Nigel Alexander Dodds , Baron Dodds of Duncairn , ( born 20 August 1958 ) , is a British unionist politician who has been the Leader of the Democratic Unionist Party ( DUP ) in the House of Lords since 2021 , and was the deputy leader of the DUP from 2008 to 2021 .
Born in Derry and raised in County Fermanagh , Dodds originally practised as a barrister , and became Member of Parliament for the Belfast North constituency at the 2001 UK general election and served in that role until he was defeated by John Finucane of Sinn Féin in 2019 .
Dodds has served in the past as a member of the Northern Ireland Assembly , and as Minister of Finance in the Northern Ireland Executive . In July 2020 , he was nominated for a peerage in the House of Lords and announced in September 2020 that he would take the title Lord Dodds of Duncairn . He has been Lord Mayor of Belfast twice , and served as General Secretary of the DUP from 1993 to 2008 .
Early life and career
Nigel Dodds was born in Derry , Northern Ireland . His father Joe was a long-standing Democratic Unionist Party ( DUP ) member of Fermanagh District Council until his death in 2008 .
Raised in County Fermanagh , he was educated at Portora Royal School in Enniskillen , County Fermanagh , and studied law at St John 's College , Cambridge , from which he graduated with a first-class degree , and where he won the university scholarship , McMahan studentship and Winfield Prize for Law . Upon graduation , he returned to Northern Ireland and , after studying at the Institute of Professional Legal Studies at Queen 's University of Belfast , was called to the Bar of Northern Ireland . After working as a barrister , he worked at the Secretariat of the European Parliament from 1984 to 1996 .
Politics
Dodds entered municipal politics in the 1981 local elections when he stood unsuccessfully for the Enniskillen part of Fermanagh District Council . Four years later in 1985 , he was elected to Belfast City Council for the religiously and socially mixed Castle electoral area in the north of the city .
He attracted controversy when he and then DUP leader Ian Paisley attended a wake for Ulster Volunteer Force ( UVF ) leader John Bingham .
Dodds soon rose to prominence in the party . He was elected for two one-year terms as Lord Mayor of Belfast in June 1988 when he became the youngest ever Lord Mayor of Belfast aged 29 and June 1992 which was only surpassed when Niall Ó Donnghaile was elected as Lord Mayor in 2011 at the age of 25 . In the same year , Dodds stood unsuccessfully for the East Antrim constituency in the Westminster election . He was elected to the Northern Ireland Forum in 1996 , and topped the poll in Belfast North in all three elections to the reconstituted Northern Ireland Assembly in 1998 , 2003 and 2007 . He was awarded the OBE in 1997 for services to local government .
North Belfast had historically been strong territory for the DUP , Johnny McQuade representing the constituency in the British House of Commons from 1979 to 1983 . The DUP stood down in favour of the Ulster Unionist Party in Westminster elections in the late 1980s and 1990s , in order to avoid splitting the unionist vote . Then , in 2001 , Dodds challenged sitting Ulster Unionist Party ( UUP ) MP Cecil Walker , despite the danger of losing the mixed constituency to an Irish nationalist . Dodds won just over 40 % of the overall vote and with that a 6,387 majority over Sinn Féin 's Gerry Kelly , with the incumbent Walker being pushed into fourth place .
Dodds was Minister of Social Development in the Northern Ireland Executive from 21 November 1999 but resigned on 27 July 2000 , then served again from 24 October 2001 , when the devolved institutions were restored , until he was dismissed from office on 11 October 2002 , shortly before the Executive and the Northern Ireland Assembly were collapsed by the UUP .
Dodds is vice-chair of the Party Parliamentary Flag Group .
Dodds became Deputy Leader of the Democratic Unionist Party ( DUP ) in June 2008 . He was appointed to the Privy Council of the United Kingdom on 9 June 2010 , when he entered Westminster after the general election as the new party leader in parliament .
In April 2009 , after a leaked report showing MPs ' expenses , Dodds had the highest expenses of any MP in Northern Ireland , ranking him 13th highest of all UK MPs .
In a 2012 Westminster debate on the issue of governance in association football , Dodds highlighted that footballers born in Northern Ireland often opt to play for the Republic of Ireland national football team instead , saying `` action needs to be taken to stop the haemorrhaging of talent from Northern Ireland '' .
Paramilitary attack
His constituency office was targeted by the Continuity IRA in 2003 when a viable improvised explosive device was left outside the office . The bomb was defused by British Army explosive experts .
12 July 2013 injury
At the Twelfth of July 2013 Orange order parades , Dodds was knocked unconscious at Woodvale Avenue in the Greater Shankill area of North Belfast by a brick thrown by fellow Ulster loyalists rioting against Police Service of Northern Ireland roadblocks . The violence broke out following the decision by the Parades Commission to bar Orangemen from walking past the Irish republican Ardoyne area . Dodds had been expelled from the House of Commons chamber for using unparliamentary language by Speaker John Bercow on 10 July 2013 , after Dodds had refused to withdraw his accusation that the Conservative Secretary of State for Northern Ireland Theresa Villiers was being `` deliberately deceptive '' in answering questions about her powers in respect of what he called the `` outrageous '' Parades Commission ruling .
2017 onwards
Dodds said that the 2017 general election had `` done more to maximise our influence '' as it led to the DUP supporting a Conservative minority government . Arlene Foster together with Dodds set up the 'confidence-and-supply deal ' with the Conservative Government ; but relations with Theresa May have not always been smooth . Dodds opposed any attempts from the Republic of Ireland for 'annexation ' of the north , and rejected the Brussels `` Backstop option '' , stating it was tantamount to a surrender of sovereignty .
In January 2018 , the Renewable Heat Incentive scandal made Dodds even more important to the government in Westminster , because the collapse of the Executive for the first time since 2002 , was met with a deal for an extra £1 billion in funding for Northern Ireland . In June 2018 , Dodds stated that `` anything that would diminish the Union of the United Kingdom would be a clear red line for us . ''
In March 2019 , Dodds was one of 21 MPs who voted against LGBT inclusive sex and relationship education in English schools .
He was defeated at the 2019 United Kingdom general election , losing his seat to Sinn Féin 's John Finucane .
House of Lords
Dodds was nominated for a life peerage in the 2019 Dissolution Honours and created Baron Dodds of Duncairn on 18 September 2020 . He made his maiden speech in the House of Lords on 3 November 2020 .
On 4 May 2021 , Dodds announced that he would not seek re-election as deputy leader .
Personal life
Dodds is married to DUP politician Diane Dodds ; they have two sons and one daughter , and live in Banbridge , County Down .
References
External links
Nigel Dodds OBE MP official constituency website
1958 births
Living people
Alumni of St John 's College , Cambridge
Alumni of Queen 's University Belfast
Barristers from Northern Ireland
People educated at Portora Royal School
Politicians from Derry ( city )
Lord Mayors of Belfast
Members of Fermanagh District Council
Members of Belfast City Council
Members of the Bar of Northern Ireland
Members of the Northern Ireland Forum
Ministers of the Northern Ireland Executive ( since 1999 )
Ministers of Finance and Personnel of Northern Ireland
Democratic Unionist Party MLAs
Northern Ireland MLAs 1998–2003
Northern Ireland MLAs 2003–2007
Northern Ireland MLAs 2007–2011
Officers of the Order of the British Empire
Democratic Unionist Party MPs
Democratic Unionist Party life peers
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for Belfast constituencies ( since 1922 )
Members of the Privy Council of the United Kingdom
UK MPs 2001–2005
UK MPs 2005–2010
UK MPs 2010–2015
UK MPs 2015–2017
UK MPs 2017–2019
Presbyterians from Northern Ireland
Life peers created by Elizabeth II
The 2007 Winnipeg Blue Bombers season was the 50th season for the team in the Canadian Football League and their 75th overall . They attempted to win their 11th Grey Cup championship , but they lost in the Grey Cup game against the Saskatchewan Roughriders .
Offseason
CFL Draft
Regular season
Season standings
Season schedule
Roster
Playoffs
East Semi-Final
Date and time : Sunday , November 11 , 2:00 PM Central Standard TimeVenue : Canad Inns Stadium , Winnipeg , Manitoba
East Final
Date and time : Sunday , November 18 , 1:00 PM Central Standard TimeVenue : Rogers Centre , Toronto , Ontario
Grey Cup
Date and time : Sunday , November 25 , 5:30 PM Central Standard TimeVenue : Rogers Centre , Toronto , Ontario
References
External links
Winnipeg Blue Bombers
Winnipeg Blue Bombers seasons
`` All in the Family '' is the twenty-first episode of the paranormal drama television series Supernaturals season 11 , and the 239th overall . The episode was written by co-executive producers Eugenie Ross-Leming & Brad Buckner and directed by Thomas J. Wright . It was first broadcast on May 11 , 2016 on The CW . In the episode , Sam and Dean set to find Lucifer/Castiel as he continues being tortured by Amara while God has a new strategy as Metatron finds a new Prophet . The title is a reference to the hit TV show All in the Family .
The episode received critical acclaim , with critics commenting on Metatron 's choice and the new Prophet .
Plot
Picking up where the previous episode left , Sam ( Jared Padalecki ) and Dean ( Jensen Ackles ) are astounded to find Chuck ( Rob Benedict ) . He then transports them to the bunker where He invokes the spirit of Kevin Tran ( Osric Chau ) and then sends him to Heaven . Now realizing Chuck is God , Sam is a bit excited but Dean is mad at Him for having abandoned humanity when they were in trouble though Chuck tells him to stop shifting his issues with his father on Him . Meanwhile , Amara ( Emily Swallow ) continues torturing Lucifer/Castiel ( Misha Collins ) as a way to lure God .
Amara appears to Dean in an hallucination to show him Lucifer 's health state . That night , another fog attacks a town called Lewis in Oklahoma and kills everyone in the town , except for a professor named Donatello Redfield ( Keith Szarabajka ) . Metatron ( Curtis Armstrong ) is informed by this in a bar and notices Sam and Dean during a report of Hope Springs . He contacts Sam and Dean to find Donatello . When they interrogate him , Donatello reveals he suffered visions ( the same Kevin showed when he was chosen as a Prophet ) , and they come to realize that Donatello is a Prophet .
Metatron then shows Sam and Dean God 's autobiography , which is in fact a suicide note as he will sacrifice himself battling Amara . Dean confronts him on this choice as God tells them that he will be protecting his creations this way before stating if he failed , Sam and Dean will take over . Dean then tells him he should n't sacrifice himself , as God considers it .
While Sam , Metatron and Donatello rescue Lucifer from Amara 's hideout , Dean tries to distract her . Eventually , she discovers Dean has met God and that they 're planning on freeing Lucifer from her . Metatron stays behind and tries to hold back Amara but she 's too powerful for his cast and he is imploded into nothingness . She catches Sam , Lucifer and Donatello while trying to free and tries to kill them , when they 're transported by God to the Bunker .
God and Lucifer finally meet face to face for the first time in millennia and God heals Lucifer 's wounds . Sam and Dean send Donatello back home and Dean states to Sam that Amara has plans for him .
Reception
Viewers
The episode was watched by 1.75 million viewers with a 0.7/2 share among adults aged 18 to 49 . This was a 13 % increase in viewership from the previous episode , which was watched by 1.54 million viewers . This means that 0.7 percent of all households with televisions watched the episode , while 2 percent of all households watching television at that time watched it . Supernatural ranked as the second most watched program on The CW in the day , behind Arrow .
Critical reviews
`` All in the Family '' received critical acclaim . Matt Fowler of IGN gave the episode a `` great '' 8.3 out of 10 and wrote in his verdict , `` 'All in the Family ' seemed to work , in the end , getting everyone ( who survived ) on the same page regarding the Darkness . It was n't a flat episode , but it also was n't the most thrilling . Once again , Chuck had to snap his fingers and save our heroes in the end , which helped demonstrate how formidable Amara is . Though Chuck 's fickleness about most everything makes him more of a wild card than an ally . ''
Sean McKenna from TV Fanatic , gave a 4.2-star rating out of 5 , stating : `` If anything , this hour had its moving parts , but it was a stepping stone toward getting to that big match . I 'm invested and intrigued by what 's to come , but I just hope there 's some solid payoff when all is said and done . ''
Bridget LaMonica from Den of Geek , gave a perfect 5-star rating out of 5 , stating : `` God , Lucifer and Amara , oh my ! This episode took off right where the last left off , with Dean and Sam staring in shock at the former Prophet Chuck . His credibility was accounted for by bringing Kevin forward , and sending him on his way to Heaven . Be still , my heart . ''
Samantha Highfill of EW wrote , `` Ever since the apocalypse story line in seasons 4 and 5 , I 've hoped and , quite fittingly , prayed that this show would eventually get back around to one of the things it does best : using religion to tell its story . And one could make the argument that this season uses it more than any other , considering the official introduction of God . Regardless , this week 's episode was yet another reminder of why those stories work so well for this show . Because if this show specializes in family drama , there 's no better family drama than that of God , his sister , and all of his children . ''
MaryAnn Sleasman of TV.com wrote , `` Well , they ca n't all be mind-blowing , mythology-smashing , head-canon-confirming buckets of awesome . 'All in the Family ' was a textbook example of the perils of mediocrity . Had it not aired on the coattails of last week 's OMFG 'Do n't Call Me Shurley , ' 'All in the Family ' would have — could have - landed a spot as one of the stronger episodes of the season and been a welcome return to the dominant storyline . Do n't get me wrong : 'All in the Family ' was not a bad episode by any means . It 's just that compared to the episode that preceded it , 'All in the Family ' was , well , kind of boring . ''
References
External links
Supernatural ( season 11 ) episodes
2016 American television episodes
Fiction about the Devil
Television episodes set in Oklahoma
The Platt Building is a 1927 highrise at 834 South Broadway in Downtown Los Angeles . The Gothic Revival design was by architects Walker & Eisen . The firm also designed The Beverly Wilshire Hotel on Wilshire Boulevard in Beverly Hills .
The building was originally the headquarters of the Platt Music Corporation .
The Platt Building is one of the Anjac Fashion Buildings , and the National Register of Historic Places nomination form for the Broadway Theater and Commercial District uses this name to designate the building . Anjac is a portmanteau of the names Annette and Jack Needleman , real estate owners who in 1964 began buying properties in the Fashion District and surrounding area .
References
External links
1920s architecture in the United States
1927 establishments in California
Buildings and structures in Downtown Los Angeles
Commercial buildings in Los Angeles
Office buildings completed in 1927
Skyscraper office buildings in Los Angeles
The 2011–12 Australian Women 's Twenty20 Cup was the third formal season of the Australian Women 's Twenty20 Cup , which was the premier domestic women 's Twenty20 cricket competition in Australia prior to the inception of the Women 's Big Bash League in 2015 . The tournament started on 21 October 2011 and finished on 12 January 2012 . Defending champions Victorian Spirit won the tournament for the third time after finishing second in the group stage and beating New South Wales Breakers in the final . This marked the Breakers ' third final loss in as many tournaments , each time after topping the ladder .
Ladder
Fixtures
Final
Statistics
Highest totals
Most runs
Most wickets
References
External links
Series home at ESPNcricinfo
Australian Women 's Twenty20 Cup seasons
Australian Women 's Twenty20 Cup
Anthony J . `` Tony '' Peraica ( born April 14 , 1957 ) is an American politician from Chicago , Illinois . He was the Cook County Commissioner for the 16th district , and was the unsuccessful Republican nominee for Cook County treasurer in 1998 , for president of the Cook County Board of Commissioners in 2006 , and for Cook County state 's attorney in 2008 .
Life
Peraica was born in Croatia in 1957 , and was orphaned at the age of 11 . He came to the United States when he was 13 . He lived in Bridgeport , Chicago with his aunt and uncle . He attended the University of Illinois at Chicago , where he earned his B.A . in political science . He went on to earn his J.D . from the John Marshall Law School . He was admitted to the Illinois Bar in 1984 , and continues to work as a lawyer in private practice at Anthony J. Peraica & Associates .
In 1994 , Peraica was the Democratic nominee for the 16th district election to the Cook County Board of Commissioners , losing to Republican Allan C. Carr .
In 1998 , Peraica switched parties and was the Republican nominee for Cook County Treasurer , this time losing an open race to Democrat Maria Pappas .
As an underdog candidate , he was elected to the Cook County Board of Commissioners in 2002 as a Republican .
Peraica served as the Lyons Township Republican Committeeman from 2002 to December 31 , 2012 .
In 2006 , Peraica secured the Republican nomination for board president . Democrat Forrest Claypool challenged incumbent John Stroger in the Democratic primary . Stroger fell ill in the days leading up the primary , but defeated Claypool narrowly . Stroger withdrew from the general election , and the Democratic Party selected his son , Todd Stroger , to take his place on the ballot . Peraica ran a strong campaign in the heavily Democratic county , but ultimately lost in a close race to the younger Stroger . Peraica did , however , secure reelection to the county board .
In November 2008 , Peraica lost the race for Cook County State 's Attorney to Anita Alvarez , who was backed by the Chicago Democratic Party , in November 2008 's general election . In 2010 Republican Primary election , Peraica defeated his opponent 75 % to 25 % . In the 2010 election for the Cook County 16th District Commissioner , he was arrested for tearing up signs of his Democratic opponent Jeffery Tobolski in McCook .
On November 2 , 2010 , Peraica lost his bid for reelection to Democrat Jeffery Tobolski , garnering 42.3 of the vote to Tobolski 's 50.6 % .
On December 4 , 2012 , Peraica was found guilty of criminal damage to property for defacing the former rival 's campaign signs prior to the 2010 election , and he was sentenced to four months of court supervision .
During the 2016 Republican Party presidential primaries , Peraica served on the Illinois leadership team of the presidential campaign of Senator Ted Cruz .
Peraica , his wife Nilofar Peraica , and their children Marko and Anisa live in Riverside .
References
1957 births
Living people
Yugoslav emigrants to the United States
American people of Croatian descent
Members of the Cook County Board of Commissioners
Politicians from Chicago
University of Illinois Chicago alumni
Illinois Republicans
Illinois Democrats
Tajikistan sent a delegation to compete in the 2002 Winter Olympics in Salt Lake City , United States , held 8–24 February 2002 . This was Tajikistan 's first time participating in a Winter Olympic Games . The country sent one representative , alpine skier Andrey Drygin . He failed to finish either of his events .
Background
The National Olympic Committee of the Republic of Tajikistan ( NOC ) was first recognized by the International Olympic Committee ( IOC ) in 1993 , and Tajikistan made its Olympic debut at the 1996 Atlanta Summer Olympics . The nation was making its Winter Olympic Games debut in these Salt Lake City Games . The country sent one representative , alpine skier Andrey Drygin . Gafar Mirzoyev , the president of the NOC , was selected as the flag bearer for the opening ceremony .
Alpine skiing
Andrey Drygin was 24 years old at the time of the Salt Lake City Olympics . In the super-G held on 16 February , he failed to finish the single run race . On 21 February , in the giant slalom , he finished the first run in a time of 1 minute and 22.01 seconds , which put him in a tie for 68th place . However , he failed to complete the second run , and therefore unclassified for the event . Drygin would later go on to represent Tajikistan twice more , at the 2006 Winter Olympics and the 2010 Winter Olympics .
References
Nations at the 2002 Winter Olympics
2002
2002 in Tajikistani sport
Ognon Lock is a double chamber lock on the Canal du Midi in the Aude region of Languedoc , France . The adjacent locks are Pechlaurier Lock 2726 metres to the east and Homps Lock 689 metres to the west .
See also
Locks on the Canal du Midi
Locks on the Canal du Midi
Adinath Temple , located on the summit of Mainak Hill on Maheshkhali Island off the coast of Cox 's Bazar , Bangladesh , is dedicated to the Hindu God , Shiva , who is worshipped as Adinath . The temple is famous for the annual fair held at the foot of Mainak Hill in the month of Phalgun as per the Bengali calendar . The fair , which lasts 13 days , draws thousands of Hindus from across Bangladesh .
Gallery
References
Further reading
Shiva temples
Hindu temples in Cox 's Bazar District
A leaky transform fault is a transform fault with volcanic activity along a significant portion of its length producing new crust . In addition to the regular strike-slip motion observed at transform boundaries , an oblique extensional component is present , resulting in motion of the plates that is not parallel to the plate boundary . This opens the fault , allowing melt to break through and cool on the ocean floor , producing new crust . This extensional component can come from a slight shift in the position of a plate 's Euler Pole . In order to accommodate oblique motion along the plate boundary , these leaky transform faults can break up into a series of small transforms linked by short segments of spreading ridges . These new transforms will follow small circles centred on the new Euler Pole .
Case studies
The Western Limassol Forest Complex , an ophiolite assemblage on the island of Cyprus dated to the Late Cretaceous , is believed to have come from a leaky , left-lateral transform fault about wide . Structural deformation of dykes in the ophiolite complex indicate injection into a shearing environment ; they trend N-S but are cut by E-W trending shear zones . These intrusions are likely syn-tectonic , as they both pass through and are cut by the shear zones .
The Emerald Fracture Zone ( EMZ ) , located on the boundary of the Antarctic and Pacific plates to the south of New Zealand , is an ideal location to study extensional transform faults . The EMZ is proximal to the Euler Pole for Antarctic plate rotation about the Pacific , producing large effects on the boundary between the two plates as the pole migrated and relative plate velocities changed . Two main plate boundary reorganizations are evident in the EMZ , linked by large tectonic events . One at 30 My , potentially linked to the collision of India and Asia at 35 My , and a second at 6 My , potentially linked to the collision of the Ontong Java Plateau with the Melanesian arc at 10 My .
Petrology
While the petrology of leaky transform faults has not been studied extensively , some detailed petrologic work has been done on the Siqueiros transform fault in the Eastern Pacific between the Pacific and Cocos plates . This region is host to young volcanic sites producing picritic basalt . These basalts have slight chemical variations from the typical mid-ocean ridge basalts found in the area ; they are more primitive ( higher MgO values ) and are more depleted in incompatible elements .
References
Structural geology
Plate tectonics
Carolina Moraes Parra ( born 16 November 1978 , São Paulo , Brazil ) is a guitarist and drummer for the Brazilian indie-electro band CSS . She joined CSS at the Tim Festival gig in 2004 .
Besides CSS , she has played in many other bands including Ultrasom , Caxabaxa and Verafisher .
References
1978 births
Living people
Brazilian women guitarists
Brazilian drummers
Musicians from São Paulo
Women drummers
Women in electronic music
CSS ( band ) members
21st-century women musicians
21st-century guitarists
21st-century drummers
21st-century women guitarists
Eolampra gorgia is a fossil species of beetles in the family Buprestidae , the only species in the genus Eolampra .
Its average body measurement is 31.4 x 11.4 and age range is 15.97 to 11.608 Ma .
References
Monotypic Buprestidae genera
The 1959–60 Kansas Jayhawks men 's basketball team represented the University of Kansas during the 1959–60 college men 's basketball season .
Roster
Wayne Hightower
Bill Bridges
Jerry Gardner
Al Donaghue
Bob Hickman
Dee Ketchum
Butch Myers
Al Correll
Jim Hoffman
Dick Gisel
Bill Goetze
Bill Elstun
Larry Sterlin
Ken Hensley
Howard Parker
Pete Woodward
Schedule
References
Kansas Jayhawks men 's basketball seasons
Kansas
Kansas
Kansas
Kansas
The music of Lebanon has a long history . Beirut , the capital city of Lebanon , has long been known , especially in a period immediately following World War II , for its art and intellectualism . Several singers emerged in this period , among the most famous Fairuz , Sabah , Wadih El Safi , Nasri Shamseddine , Melhem Barakat , Majida El Roumi , Ahmad Kaabour , Marcel Khalife ( activist folk singer and oud player ) , and Ziad Rahbani , who—in addition to being an engaged singer-songwriter and music composer—was also a popular playwright . Lydia Canaan was hailed by the media as the first rock star of the Middle East .
During the fifteen-year civil war , most of the Lebanese music stars moved to Cairo or Paris , with a large music scene in Beirut only returning after 1992 . Modern pop stars include Najwa Karam , Diana Haddad , Nawal Al Zoghbi , Elissa , Ragheb Alama , Walid Toufic , Wael Kfoury , Fares Karam , Amal Hijazi , Nancy Ajram , Melhem Zein , Fadel Shaker , Assi El Helani , Myriam Fares , and Yara .
The annual Fête de la Musique , held in late June , brings the whole country out for organized and spontaneous underground concerts .
Influence of international popular music in Lebanon
Rock is very popular in Lebanon . During the Lebanese Civil War , rock , hard rock , and heavy metal were very popular . Bands like Deep Purple , Black Sabbath , Led Zeppelin , Rolling Stones , Iron Maiden , and Scorpions were extremely popular . In 1978 , Rolling Stones booked a concert in Lebanon which was sold out in five hours . The concert was canceled , causing many Lebanese rock fans to burn tires on roads , blocking it of anger .
During the Lebanese Civil War , Lydia Canaan 's initial performances under the stage name Angel were historically unprecedented on more than one front ; her career began with her risking her life to perform amidst enemy military attacks , her concerts literally being held in vicinities of Lebanon which were simultaneously being bombed . According to Arabian Woman magazine : `` As ... A girl who grew up in the midst of a bloody civil war ... Canaan was breaking down seemingly insurmountable barriers ... She rocked the establishment '' . As noted by The Gulf Today : `` It is incredible that amidst the state of civil war that existed in Lebanon at that time , when most people had no idea if they would see another day , she managed to keep her ambitions alive '' . Society magazine attests : `` In a small country that was ripped by war , there was this young girl making a difference '' . Concerning Canaan 's first concert as Angel , The Gulf Today writes : `` The first show produced a phenomenal reaction '' . Society magazine states : `` Tickets were sold out but more teenagers stormed in to see the young Angel perform ... To accommodate the crowd , the concert organizers had to stamp on each fan 's hand as they ran out of tickets . It was ... Her first success '' .
The underground music scene became vibrant in Lebanon after the end of the civil war in 1990 , spearheaded by the rock-pop duo Soap Kills . Various rock and alternative rock bands such as Adonis , Meen and Mashrou ' Leila are also gaining in popularity . New indie artists such as IJK ( singer songwriter ) are also increasingly recording in the West and releasing materials in English .
Lebanese record labels
Baidaphon is a Lebanese record company , established by the Baida family in the 20th century .
It was founded in Berlin , where Michel Baida alongside his two cousins Butrus , Jibran , and Farajallah , a Lebanese recording artist , had sealed a business deal with a German company .
Baidaphon recordings were made in Berlin and were then marketed and sold in Beirut . With the help of European engineers , the label began recording in Lebanon in 1907 . By the mid-20s Baidaphon had offices across the Arab world , becoming a Middle Eastern record company . Mail-order businesses , located in Berlin , sold items to European markets and reached North and South American markets as well . In the early 1930s , the partners split apart after the death of Butrus Baida . The Egyptian singer and composer Mohammed Abdel Wahab became the new partner and helped transform the Egyptian branch of the company , by naming it “ Cairophone Records ” in the 1940s . Meanwhile , Baidaphon had expanded its influence in the Levant and North African regions .
Forward Music is an independent record label , established in 2001 , by Carol Mansour and Ghazi Abdel Baki . It is based in Lebanon and specializes in World Music . Their goal is to gather young artists from The Middle East in hopes of finding new and creative musical dialects by combining the rich musical past of the Arab world with contemporary influences . “ Al Muwashahat ” , one of Forward Music 's project , received the BBC Awards for world music back in 2007 .
Instruments of Lebanon
Lute ( Oud/ud )
The lute is a word which comes from the Spanish laud , which came from the Arabic word for the instrument , al-ud ( meaning the branch of a tree ) . The lute is shaped like a half pear with a short fretted neck .
Mijwiz
The mijwiz , which literally means `` double '' in Arabic , is a very popular instrument used in Lebanese music . It is a type of reed clarinet . It is played by breathing smoothly through a circular aperture at the end and by moving the fingers over the holes down the front of the tube in order to create the different notes . The minjjayrah is similar to the mijwiz , an open ended reed flute played in the same style . It is very popular among mountain villagers of Lebanon .
Tablah
The tablah is a small hand-drum , also known as the durbakke . Most tablahs are beautifully decorated , some with wood , tile or bone inlay , etched metal , or paintings in designs typical of the Near East . One of the most commonly played percussion instrument , the tablah is a membranophone of goat or fish skin stretched over a vase-shaped drum with a wide neck . Usually made of earthenware or metal , it is placed either under the left arm or between the legs and struck in the middle for the strong beats and on the edge for the sharp in-between beats .
Daf
The daf , also known as the rikk , is a popular instrument corresponding to the tambourine . It consists of a round frame , covered on one side with goat or fish skin . Pairs of metal discs are set into the frame to produce the jingle when struck by the hand . The sounds of this percussion instrument sets the rhythm of a lot of Arab music , particularly in classical performances .
Buzuq
The origin of the word buzuq is debated but boils down to Turkish & Persian . The buzuq , which is an essential instrument in the Rahbani repertoire , is a hybrid instrument that is not classified among the classical instruments of Arab music or among those of Turkish music . However , this instrument may be looked upon as a larger and deeper-toned relative of the Turkish saz , to which it could be compared in the same way that the viola is compared to the violin in Western music . Before the Rahbanis popularized the use of this instrument , the buzaq had been associated with the gypsy music of Lebanon . A long-necked fretted string instrument , the buzuq is furnished with two metal strings which are played with a plectrum . Famous Lebanese players of this instrument are Zaki Nassif , Philemon Wehbe , The Rahbani Brothers , Romeo Lahoud , Walid Gholmieh , and Boghos Gelalian .
Qanun
The qanun , kanun , ganoun or kanoon is a string instrument played either solo , or more often as part of an ensemble . Qanun is played on the lap while sitting or squatting , or sometimes on trestle support , by plucking the strings with two tortoise-shell picks ( one for each hand ) or with fingernails , and has a standard range of three and a half octaves from A2 to E6 that can be extended down to F2 and up to G6 in the case of Arabic designs
See also
Culture of Lebanon
Popular culture of Lebanon
Chalga
Pop-folk
Arabic music
Arabic pop music
Mizrahi music
Laiko
Coma Dance Festival
References
Notes
Badley , Bill and Zein al Jundi . `` Europe Meets Asia '' . 2000 . In Broughton , Simon and Ellingham , Mark with McConnachie , James and Duane , Orla ( Ed . ) , World Music , Vol . 1 : Africa , Europe and the Middle East , pp 391–395 . Rough Guides Ltd , Penguin Books .
External links
The Official Lebanese Top 20 . Compiled by Ipsos .
Baidaphon ( Lebanon ) .
Baidaphon .
Baidaphon Records is a Lebanese label .
Baidaphon . Source by Discogs
Cairophon .
The House Of Arab World Music .
World Music from Lebanon . Written by Ghazi Abdel Baki
Forward Music . Last edited on 27 April 2020
Lebanese music
Democratic Rally may refer to :
Democratic Rally , a political party in Cyprus
Democratic Rally ( Senegal ) , a political party in Senegal
Democratic Rally of the Tahitian People , a former political party in French Polynesia
African Democratic Rally , a former political party in French West Africa and French Equatorial Africa
Central African Democratic Rally , a political party in the Central African Republic
Dahomey Democratic Rally , a former political party in Dahomey
Martinican Democratic Rally , a political party in Martinique
Oceanian Democratic Rally , a political party in New Caledonia
See also
National Democratic Rally ( disambiguation )
Democratic Coalition ( disambiguation )
Democratic Party ( disambiguation )
Democrat Party ( disambiguation )
is a former professional tennis player from Japan .
Biography
Kuki , a right-hander , played collegiate tennis in the United States for UCLA . He had an unbeaten season in 1969 , with a 13–0 record .
He was first picked for the Japan Davis Cup team in the 1971 tournament .
His best performance in a Grand Slam tournament came at the 1971 French Open when he had wins over Phil Dent and Petre Mărmureanu , before losing a five-set third round match to Bob Lutz .
In April 1976 he had the most prolific period of his career when he finished runner-up in a further two Grand Prix tournaments , both in Spain . He lost to Paolo Bertolucci in the final at Barcelona , then to Buster Mottram in Palma , Majorca .
A regular Davis Cup competitor for Japan in the 1970s , Kuki played the last of his nine ties for the Japanese team in 1978 . He played a total of 17 singles matches , of which he won 11 .
In the 1980s he was coach of Etsuko Inoue , a player on the women 's circuit .
Grand Prix career finals
Singles : 2 ( 0–2 )
See also
List of Japan Davis Cup team representatives
References
External links
1945 births
Living people
Japanese male tennis players
UCLA Bruins men 's tennis players
People from Yokkaichi
Effiduase is a town in the New Juaben Municipal District of the Eastern Region of Ghana .
References
See also
Populated places in the Eastern Region ( Ghana )
Sverker Arnolsson ( 1908-1959 ) was a Swedish Historian and humanist .
He was one of the most important Historians and Hispanists of the 20th century . He was born in Sundsvall , February the 17th 1908 , and died in Gotemburg , November the 10th 1959 . He started his career interested in Swedish military History but quickly got interested in the History of the Spanish Empire . He is most recognized for his work regarding the Spanish Black Legend .
Bio
Arnoldsson got his PhD from Gotemburg University in 1937 . His thesis , Svensk-fransk krigs- och fresdapolitik i Tyskland 1634-1636 ( `` The policy of war and peace Swedish-German in Germany 1634-1636 '' . Gotemburg , 1937 ) , was based around the Thirty Years War . Initially , his main interest was Swedish History , but through his thesis work he got fascinated with the Spanish Empire .
Arnolsson was particularly interested in written expressions of history , such as archives , poems , and propaganda . His interest in Hispanic culture was mainly focussed on culture and literature . He is one of the authors that explored the Spanish Black Legend .
In 1937 he got a position as assistant professor . He won a Rockefeller scholarship to study in the Argentinian , Mexican , and USA 's National Archives . This work was followed by various studies in Spain and Portugal in 1954 and 1958 .
His work during that time got him special recognition in Europe . In 1958 he was invited to Spain as a special Speaker during the celebration of the IV centenary of the death of Charles V .
He became member of the National Academy of History of Buenos Aires .
Publications
Svensk-fransk krigs- och fresdapolitik i Tyskland 1634-1636 ( “ The policy of war and peace Swedish-German in Germany 1634-1636 ” . Gotemburg , 1937 )
Krigspropagandan i Sverige före trettioåriga kriget ( “ Political propaganda política in Sweden prior to the Thirty Years War in Acta Universitatis Gotoburgensis , XLVII , Gotemburg , 1941 ) .
Johan III : s litterära själprotarair ( “ The Literary Self-Portrait of John III , in Studier tillägnade Curt Weibull , Gotemburg , 1946 ) .
“ Svarta Legenden ” ( “ The Black Legend ” , Göteborgs Morgonpost , 1947 )
“ Nicolás Guillén – svart skald från Cuba ” ( “ N . G. – black poet of Cuba ” . Göteborgs Morgonpost , 1948 ) .
“ Den spanska erövringen av Amerika i eftervärldens dom ” ( “ The Spanish Conquest in America according to the judgement of Posterity-leftovers of The Black legend . Svensk Tidskrift , XI , nr . 6 , Estocolm , 1953 ) .
“ Några intryck från spanskamerikanska arkiv och biblioteket ” ( “ Some thoughts from archives and libraries of Spain and Hispano-America ” , Arkiv , smahälle och forskning . Estocolm , 1953 ) .
San Martín y sus contemporáneos suecos ” , ( `` San Marín and his Swedish contemporanies . '' Tribute from the National Academy of History in the Centenary of his Death , 1850-1950 . Tomo I. Buenos IAres , 1951 )
“ La historiografía moderna en Suecia ” , ( `` Modern historiography in Sweden '' in Boletín de la Academia Nacional de la Historia ( XXV . Buenos Aires , 1951 ) .
Translations
He translated to Swedish various books of Latin American Poetry , such as Pablo Neruda´s and Romeo Murga´s poems , in Götheborgske Spionen ( 12 , nr . 3 , Gotemburgo , 1947 ) ; poems by Jaime Torres Bodet and Nicolás Guillén , in Ord y Bild ( 59 , nr . 4 , Estocolmo 1950 ) ; poems by César Vallejo , in Svenska Dagbladet ( 1951 ) , and by Fernán Silva Valdés , in Götheborgske Spionen ( 1952 ) .
He is the author of an anthology of Latin American poetry translated to Swedish : Hettan spränger natten ( “ The heat that scratches the night ” . Estocolm . Gebers , 1956 ) .
References
1908 births
1959 deaths
People from Sundsvall
20th-century Swedish historians
Swedish humanists
Elmer Frank Straub was a state adjutant general for Indiana from 1933 until 1941 , and again from 1941 until 1942 .
Straub attended Indiana University until 1917 . That July , he enlisted at Fort Benjamin Harrison , and was assigned to Battery A , 150th Field Artillery Regiment . That September , the regiment departed Fort Harrison for Europe as part of the 42nd Infantry Division , and Straub was promoted to corporal . He kept a diary during World War I , which he later published as a book , which concluded with `` I am free of the army now and I certainly hope that I ever shall be . ''
In 1933 , Colonel Straub was sworn in as the 38th Adjutant General of the Indiana National Guard . He served in this position until 1941 . He was succeeded by James D. Friday in 1941 , but then returned as Adjutant General from 1941 to 1942 , to aid in the mobilization of Indiana for World War II . He was called to active duty and served on General Eisenhower 's staff during the war .
In 1948 , The Netherlands accepted Straub into the Order of Orange-Nassau .
References
Sources
Adjutants General of Indiana
Indiana National Guard personnel
Indiana University Bloomington alumni
Alcamo Wine is produced under the DOC classification of Alcamo , Sicily . It is located in the province of Palermo about 30 km . south-west of the city of Palermo and just east of Trapani province .
In July 1972 , the Alcamo DOC was applied to the wines produced in the nine different towns in the vicinity of Alcamo : Calatafimi , Castellammare del Golfo , Gibellina , Balestrate , Camporeale , Monreale , Partinico , San Cipirello and San Giuseppe Jato . Initially , Alcamo exclusively applied to the white wines produced in the region . It is now also used for the red and rose wines produced in the region ( following Local Wine Law 99 ) .
Grape varieties used for Alcamo wines
Red Wines - Nero d'Avola , as well as the non-native Cabernet Sauvignon , Merlot and Syrah
White Wines - Grillo , Catarratto , Inzolia , Grecanino and the non-native Sauvignon Blanc , and Chardonnay
Alcamo wine producers
28 producers sell wine under the Alcamo DOC :
References
Italian wines
Israel participated in the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2012 which took place on 1 December 2012 , in Amsterdam , The Netherlands , and thus , made its debut at the Junior Eurovision Song Contest . The Israeli broadcaster Israel Broadcasting Authority ( IBA ) was responsible for organising their entry for the contest , and they chose the kids band Kids.il performing the song `` Let The Music Win '' to represent Israel in its first competition .
Artist and song information
Kids.il
Kids.il is an Israeli music group consisting of six child singers . Their song entry , `` Let The Music Win '' was Israel 's first entry in the whole competition . It is composed and written by Ohad Hitman . It was the sixth song in the night of the competition , following Russia and preceding Albania . ending in 8th place with 68 points in a field of 12 competing countries .
Group members are :
Adel Korshov was born on .
Adi Mesilati was born on .
Bar Zemach was born on .
Daniel Pruzansky was born on .
Libi Panker was born on .
Tali Sorokin was born on .
Adi Bity ( ; born )
Let the Music Win
At Junior Eurovision
Kids.il performed sixth in the night of the competition , following Russia and preceding Albania . At the close of the voting it had received 68 points , placing 8th in a field of 12 competing countries .
Voting
Notes
References
Junior Eurovision Song Contest
Israel
Junior 2012
Max Vatanen ( born 26 September 1990 ) is a Finnish rally driver . He made his WRC debut in 2014 Rally de Portugal driving a Ford Fiesta R2 . His father is Ari Vatanen .
Results
WRC results
Drive DMACK Cup results
References
External links
Profile at eWRC-results.com
1990 births
Living people
Finnish rally drivers
World Rally Championship drivers
Kin punishment is the practice of punishing the family members of someone accused of a crime , either in place of or in addition to the perpetrator . It refers to the principle of a family sharing responsibility for a crime committed by one of its members , and is a form of collective punishment .
Kin punishment has been used by authoritarian states as a form of extortion , harassment , or persecution . Countries that have practiced kin punishment include pre-Christian European cultures , Nazi Germany , the Soviet Union , and non-Western cultures including China , Japan , and North Korea .
Traditional examples
Europe
Traditional Irish law required the payment of a tribute ( Éraic ) in reparation for murder or other major crimes . In the case of homicide , if the attacker fled , the fine had to be paid by the tribe to which he belonged .
In medieval Welsh law , the kin of an offender was liable to make compensation for his wrongful act . This penalty ( called Galanas ) was generally limited to murder .
The medieval Polish Główszczyzna fine functioned similarly to the Anglo-Saxon and Scandinavian weregild .
Arabia
Traditional Arab society , which is clan-based , strongly adheres to the concept of collective responsibility . Bedouins recognize two main forms of penalty for a crime against a member . These are blood revenge , referred to as Qisas ( قصا , `` revenge '' ) and blood money , Diyya ( دية , `` blood money '' / '' ransom '' ) . In cases of severe crimes such as murder and rape , blood revenge is the proscribed punishment . If a murder occurs , clansmen of the victim have the right to kill the murderer or one of his male clansmen with impunity . Certain crimes are liable for multiple acts of revenge , for example , the murder of women and children is avenged fourfold . Crimes considered treacherous , such as the murder of a guest , are also avenged fourfold .
Alternatively , a crime punishable by blood revenge can be commuted to a severe fine if the family of the offended party agrees to it . Blood money is paid jointly by the clan of the offending member to the clan of the victimized member . Bedouins differentiate between crimes in which the group must pay as a standing obligation without reimbursement from the perpetrator of the offense , and crimes where the latter must reimburse them . Crimes where the clan is obligated to pay a joint fee without any reimbursement are murder , violent assault , or insults and other offenses committed during a violent conflict . The collective payment of fines for such crimes is viewed as a justified contribution to the welfare of the injured party , rather than a penalty to the perpetrator . Other offenses given a blood-price are crimes against property and crimes against honor . Concepts based on the Arabian laws of blood revenge and blood money are found in Islamic Sharia law , and are thus variously adhered to in Islamic states .
China
China historically adhered to the concept of liability among blood relatives . During the Qin and Han dynasties , families were subject to various punishments according to the punishment of the offending member . When the offense was punishable by death by severing the body at the waist , the offender 's parents , siblings , spouse , and children were executed . When the offense was punishable by death and public display of the body , the offender 's family was subject to imprisonment with hard labor . When the offender 's sentence was exile , their kin was exiled along with them . The most severe punishment , given for capital offenses , was the Nine familial exterminations ( zú zhū ( 族誅 ) , literally `` family execution '' , and miè zú ( 灭族/滅族 ) ) , implemented by tyrannical rulers . This punishment entailed the execution of all the close and extended kin of the individual , categorized into nine groups : four generations of the paternal line , three from the maternal line , and two from the wife 's . In the case of Confucian scholar Fang Xiaoru , his students and peers were uniquely included as a tenth group .
Modern examples
Communist states
In the Soviet Union , during Joseph Stalin 's 1930s Great Purge , many thousands of people were imprisoned to Gulag as `` relatives of the enemies of the people '' , using the Repression of Family Members of Traitors of the Motherland clause as a basis . One well-known example was Anna Larina , the wife of Nikolai Bukharin , who was imprisoned after her husband was accused of treason . The NKVD Order No . 00689 , signed in 1938 , rolled back some of the more extreme measures , as such that only spouses who were informed of their partner 's political activities were arrested .
Similar practices took place in the People 's Republic of China during the Cultural Revolution of the 1960s . A prominent example is Deng Pufang , who was arrested and tortured by the Red Guards when his father , Deng Xiaoping , was purged by Mao Zedong .
Numerous testimonies of North Korean defectors confirm the practice of kin punishment ( 연좌제 , yeonjwaje literally `` association system '' ) in North Korea , under which three generations of a political offender 's family can be summarily imprisoned or executed . Such punishment is based on internal Worker 's Party protocols and lies outside of the formal legal system . Relatives are not told why they fell under suspicion and the punishment extends to children born in prison . The association system was introduced with the North Korean state 's founding in 1948 , having previously existed under the Joseon kingdom .
Historical and Nazi Germany
In traditional Germanic law , the law of Germanic peoples ( before the widespread adoption of Roman canon law ) accepted that the clan of a criminal was liable for offenses committed by one of its members . In Nazi Germany , this concept was revived so that the relatives of persons accused of crimes against the state , including desertion , were held responsible for those crimes .
Israel
The Israeli government 's use of home demolition within territories occupied in 1967 was condemned as collective punishment on account that the homes of terrorists are often family homes . As a result of internal and international pressure against the practice an appeals process against demolition was established in 1989 , and consequently the number of demolitions declined . However , in subsequent periods of violence the house demolition policy has been frequently employed as a deterrent against terrorism . In an effort to stop suicide bombings during the Second Intifada , the Supreme Court of Israel in July 2002 accepted the legality of expelling family members of terrorists from the West Bank to the Gaza Strip if they were found to have abetted the terrorist 's activities . They argued that it was not a general deterrent because it limited the use of expulsion to cases where `` that person , by his own deeds , constitutes a danger to security of the state . '' Expulsion to Gaza was discontinued after Israel 's unilateral disengagement from the Gaza Strip .
See also
Blood vengeance
Cycle of violence
References
Collective punishment
Kinship and descent
Euphorbia leucocephala , with many common names including little Christmas flower , white lace euphorbia , snow bush , snow flake , snows of Kilimanjaro and white Christmas bush is a species of plant in the family Euphorbiaceae . It is endemic to Mexico and Mesoamerica .
References
External links
leucocephala
Flora of Mexico
Flora of Central America
Taxa named by Johannes Paulus Lotsy
Vostřák is a Czech surname . Notable people with the surname include :
Pavel Vostřák ( born 1972 ) , Czech ice hockey player
Zbyněk Vostřák ( 1920–1985 ) , Czech composer
Czech-language surnames
Surnames of Czech origin
The 1936 International Lawn Tennis Challenge was the 31st edition of what is now known as the Davis Cup . Due to the low number of competing South American teams , the North & Central America and South America Zones were scrapped and the Americas played in one unified zone . From this edition , the Qualifying Round system of the Europe Zone was scrapped . 19 teams entered the Europe Zone ( including Argentina , the only South American team to enter ) , while 4 teams entered the Americas Zone .
Australia defeated the United States in the Americas Zone final , while in the Europe Zone final Germany defeated Yugoslavia . The Australians then defeated Germany in the Inter-Zonal play-off , but would fall to Great Britain in the Challenge Round . The final was played at the England Club Centre Court in Wimbledon , London , England on 25–28 July .
America Zone
Draw
Final
United States vs. Australia
Europe Zone
Draw
Final
Yugoslavia vs. Germany
Inter-Zonal Final
Australia vs. Germany
Challenge Round
Great Britain vs. Australia
See also
1936 Wightman Cup
References
External links
Davis Cup official website
Davis Cups by year
International Lawn Tennis Challenge
International Lawn Tennis Challenge
International Lawn Tennis Challenge
International Lawn Tennis Challenge
Ludwik Szymon Gutakowski of the Gutak coat of arms ( 28 October 1738 - 1 December 1811 in Warsaw ) was the second Prime Minister of Poland , and the President of the Council of State and of the Cabinet .
He was educated at the Collegium Nobilium in Warsaw , an elite boarding school . He was a chamberlain to both Augustus III and to Stanisław August Poniatowski because his family had supported the latterking 's election , but this was only an honorary position . In the 1770s , he participated in diplomatic excursion to Saint Petersburg and to London . In 1778 , he became a member of the Permanent Council and in the following year briefly stood in for Ignacy Potocki as the Marshal when he was unavailable . He was an envoy at the Four-Year Sejm , at which he supported the Constitution of 3 May . Later , however , he participated in the Russian-led Confederation of Targowica , which was opposed to the Constitution . As part of the anti-Russian Kościuszko Uprising , he was a member of the Supreme National Council . In November 1806 , he was chosen to greet Joachim Murat upon his arrival in Warsaw .
With Teresa Sobolewska , he had one son , Wacław Gutakowski , born 7 March 1790 , an adjutant of Aleksandr I , and through his marriage to Józefa Grudzińska , sister of Joanna Grudzińska , the brother-in-law of his brother the Grand Duke Constantine Pavlovich .
In 1780 , he was given the Order of St. Stanislaus .
References
1738 births
1811 deaths
People from Trakai Voivodeship
Clan of Gutak
18th-century Polish–Lithuanian politicians
19th-century Polish politicians
Targowica confederates
Sanjit Saha ( born 4 November 1997 ) is a Bangladeshi cricketer who plays for Rangpur Division . He made his first-class debut on 8 February 2015 in the National Cricket League . In December 2015 he was named in Bangladesh 's squad for the 2016 Under-19 Cricket World Cup .
In October 2018 , he was named in the squad for the Comilla Victorians team , following the draft for the 2018–19 Bangladesh Premier League . He made his Twenty20 debut for the Comilla Victorians in the 2018–19 Bangladesh Premier League on 2 February 2019 . In November 2019 , he was selected to play for the Rangpur Rangers in the 2019–20 Bangladesh Premier League .
References
External links
1997 births
Living people
Bangladeshi cricketers
Comilla Victorians cricketers
Rangpur Division cricketers
Brothers Union cricketers
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Strawberry generation ( ; or ) is a Chinese-language neologism used in Taiwan for Taiwanese people born from 1990s onwards who `` bruise easily '' like strawberries – meaning they can not withstand social pressure or work hard like their parents ' generation ; the term refers to people who are insubordinate , spoiled , selfish , arrogant , and sluggish in work .
The term arises from the perception that members of this generation have grown up being overprotected by their parents and in an environment of stability , in a similar manner to how strawberries are grown in protected greenhouses and command a higher price compared to other fruits . The term gained prominence in the Taiwanese press , as it could be a way to designate a rising demographic or psychographic in terms of consumer behavior .
Ironic usage
In an ironic reference to the term , a 2008 student-led political movement in Taiwan started the Wild Strawberries Movement . This movement was in response to the visit of China 's Association for Relations Across the Taiwan Strait ( ARATS ) chairman Chen Yunlin to the island . Police actions on protests aimed at Chen suppressed the display of Taiwan 's national flag and the playing of Taiwanese songs . This prompted a group of 400 students in Taipei , Taiwan , to begin a sit-in in front of the Executive Yuan in protest of Taiwan 's Parade and Assembly Law ( ) .
See also
Helicopter parent
Kyoiku mama
Snowflake ( slang )
Kiasi
References
External links
Chinese words and phrases
Cultural generations
Economy of Taiwan
Demographics of Taiwan
Neologisms
Taiwanese culture
Edmund Buchner ( 22 October 1923 , Ittling near Straubing – 27 August 2011 ) was a German ancient historian and former President of the German Archaeological Institute ( Deutschen Archäologischen Instituts , or DAI ) .
He graduated in 1953 from the University of Erlangen , with a thesis on the Panegyrikos of Isocrates and then became assistant to the newly appointed to Erlangen Helmut Berve . As Berve was Director of the Commission for Ancient History and Epigraphy ( Kommission für Alte Geschichte und Epigraphik , or AEK ) in Munich from 1960 , Buchner followed him as a research assistant From 1969 until 1979 , Buchner was a professor and director of the AEK , which belonged to what is now the DAI , and from 1980 to 1988 the DAI 's president .
Buchner is known primarily for his research on the solarium Augusti , the sundial erected by the Roman emperor Augustus on the Field of Mars in Rome .
Works
Der Panegyrikos des Isokrates . Eine historisch-philologische Untersuchung . Steiner , Wiesbaden 1958 .
Die Sonnenuhr des Augustus . Zabern , Mainz 1982 , .
Neues zur Sonnenuhr des Augustus . In : Nürnberger Blätter zur Archäologie , Heft 10 ( 1993/94 ) , S. 77–84 .
Ein Kanal für Obelisken . Neues vom Mausoleum des Augustus in Rom . In : Antike Welt 27 ( 1996 ) , H. 3 , S. 161–168 .
References
1923 births
2011 deaths
Archaeologists from Bavaria
German classical scholars
Commander Crosses of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany
University of Erlangen-Nuremberg alumni
Margaret Alexander Edwards ( October 23 , 1902 – April 19 , 1988 ) was an American educator and librarian who was at the forefront of the movement for young adult services in the 20th century . She is the namesake of the Margaret Edwards Award for young adult literature .
Early life
Margaret Edwards was born in the small farming community of Childress , Texas . She first learned to read using a Wine of Cardui calendar her mother received from a local druggist and she gained further practice by reading passages from a King James Version of the Bible with her sister and her mother on a nightly basis . As a teenager , she attended Trinity University , in Waxahachie , Texas , gaining the education and skills necessary to become a Latin teacher after graduating in 1922 . After teaching in Texas for several years , she moved to New York City where she attended Columbia University . In 1928 , she received a master 's degree in Latin . After almost 10 years of working in libraries , she went on to receive her library degree from Columbia University in 1941 .
Career
Enoch Pratt Free Library
In 1932 , Margaret Edwards was hired by Joseph L. Wheeler , director of the Enoch Pratt Free Library in Baltimore , Maryland , to begin training as a librarian 's assistant . At that time , library services for young adults were already taking root in other parts of the country , with women like Jean Roos and Mabel Williams heading up the movement . At Enoch Pratt , Edwards 's first position , under the direct supervision of Pauline McCauley , involved handling the small collection of young adult fiction tucked away at the back of the Popular materials section . It was there she realized that she needed to have a better knowledge of literature herself if she wanted to cultivate the minds of young people , and she began to read avidly . As she began to develop herself as a reader , she took steps toward building upon the existing collection of young adult titles and , by 1940 , she had established YA sections in each of the library 's branches with the assistance of input from high school students who frequented the library .
Edwards was equally devoted to the betterment of the service provided by librarians to young adults as she was to the organization of the collections . She felt that to be an adequate YA librarian , one “ must read widely and constantly to be able to recommend with assurance books for the slow , the gifted , those with special interests and those with no interests. ” Thus , she established a training regimen in which all of her assistants were required to read ten titles from Books for the Teen Age , a list put together by the New York Public Library . Once the initial picks were completed , there would be individual conferences in which the selections were discussed and an assignment of ten more would be implemented . The cycle would repeat until the assistant had read a number of books that satisfied to her standards .
Book talks
Edwards was determined to instill in young people the “ importance of their public library , its reading resources , and the approachability of its staff. ” One way of doing so was to take her work outside the library and into the schools , using “ book talks ” as a means of relaying the message to high school students . Though she did not invent book talks , she and other young adult staff members tailored them so as to provide each class of students they visited with lists , called Speaking Books , and allowed students to ask questions and openly discuss titles from the list . Though she encountered several obstacles , foremost among them actually being allowed into the schools , her persistence paid off . The book talks were largely successful over the course of time until both public and private schools all over Baltimore were requesting and receiving book talks .
Book wagon
Beginning in the summer of 1943 , Margaret Edwards endeavored to bring books to the masses by creating her own version of a book mobile . She packed up a horse-drawn cart with books from the library , and drove the cart to the economically depressed areas of Baltimore . The book wagon was an instant success . She found that those who frequented the cart had an interest in books , especially books that could be applied to facets of their everyday lives , but might not otherwise partake in the services offered by a brick and mortar library because they had neither the time nor inclination to get to one . Edwards continued running the book wagon during summers until 1945 .
American Library Association
Along with her work at Enoch Pratt , Margaret Edwards was actively involved with the American Library Association . She took her first position as the Secretary of the Young People 's Reading Roundtable of the ALA in 1935 and would be named its chairperson in 1940 . She also participated in several committees , including serving as chairperson to the BookList committee in 1938 and 1948 and becoming a member of the ALA Committee on Standards for Work with Young Adults in Public Libraries in 1960 .
The Fair Garden and the Swarm of Beasts
In 1969 , Margaret Edwards ' book , titled The Fair Garden and the Swarm of Beasts , was published . In its pages , she recounted important experiences from her life and career and how they pertained to shaping her world view . She also revealed many of her philosophies about young adults , including what their literary needs were , and how to approach them in the practice of librarianship . Reprints of the book were issued in 1974 , in 1994 , and in 2002 .
Awards and honors
By 1957 , Margaret Edwards ' work with the youth of the community had caught the attention of the ALA and she was presented with the Grolier Award .
After her death in 1988 , she was further honored , when the Young Adult Library Services Association ( YALSA ) instituted an award in her name . The Margaret A. Edwards Award is presented annually to an author whose body of work has made a “ significant and lasting contribution to young adult literature . ”
Margaret A. Edwards Trust
Part of Edwards ' estate was used to form a trust to help in the continuance of work that would directly benefit young people . The trust was used to fund reprints of her book in 1994 and in 2002 through the ALA . The trust committee also “ conferred recognition grants on fifty libraries with outstanding programs for young adults ” which led to the publication of Excellence of Library Service to Young Adults : The Nation 's Top Programs . The Alex Awards , presented by YALSA annually to 10 outstanding works of young adult literature and named after Edwards , are another project funded by the trust .
References
External links
The Author Corner - Margaret A. Edwards
GoogleBooks Preview of The Fair Garden and the Swarm of Beasts
Margaeret A. Edwards Award ALA Page
20th-century American educators
American librarians
American women librarians
1902 births
1988 deaths
People from Childress , Texas
Trinity University ( Texas ) alumni
Columbia University School of Library Service alumni
People from Baltimore
American Library Association people
Educators from Texas
20th-century American women educators
Yesterday Is Now is the debut studio album by Australian singer David Campbell . The album was released in February 1997 by Polydor Records . The album includes the studio recording of `` Heaven Knows '' from Only Heaven Knows for which he was nominated for Best Musical Theatre Performer at the 1995 Mo Awards .
Review
Amazon editor David Horiuchi said : `` Rising cabaret star David Campbell made his U.S. recording debut with Yesterday Is Now , mixing familiar standards ( `` Come Rain or Come Shine '' ) with wistful nostalgia ( `` On Such a Night as This , '' `` Whatever Happened to Melody ? '' ) and gems from contemporary songwriters . Campbell 's warm voice is a delight to listen to , and his understanding of lyrics belies his years . He also explores his roots with his `` Australian Musical Medley '' .
Track listing
`` Whatever Happened to Melody ! '' ( Ray Jessel / Cynthia Thompson ) - 3:23
`` Help Is on the Way '' - 3:05
`` Errol Flynn '' ( Gordon Hunt / Amanda McBroom ) - 3:57
`` I Have Dreamed '' / '' Out of My Dreams '' ( Oscar Hammerstein / Richard Rodgers ) - 3:56
`` Only Heaven Knows '' ( Alex Harding ) - 3:13
`` Rock-A-Bye Your Baby With a Dixie Melody '' ( Sam M. Lewis / Jean Schwartz / Joe Young ) - 3:32
`` Come Rain or Come Shine '' ( Harold Arlen / Johnny Mercer ) - 5:01
`` Broadway Baby '' ( Stephen Sondheim ) - 3:26
`` Alexander 's Ragtime Band '' ( Irving Berlin ) - 3:07
`` Australian Musical Medley '' ( Albert Arlen / Nancy Brown / Lloyd Thomson ) - 5:26
`` A Kid Inside '' ( Craig Carnelia ) - 3:34
`` Mr. Tanner '' ( Harry Chapin ) - 5:06
`` On Such a Night as This '' ( Marshall Barer / Hugh Martin ) - 2:39
`` Til Tomorrow '' / '' The Promise ( I 'll Never Say Goodbye ) '' ( Alan Bergman / Marilyn Bergman / Jerry Bock / Sheldon Harnick / David Shire ) - 4:23
Release history
External links
`` Yesterday is Now '' by David Campbell at Discogs
References
1997 debut albums
David Campbell ( Australian musician ) albums
Covers albums
Polydor Records albums
Brethren is an Australian hip hop duo from Sydney formed in 1989 . The group comprises Matthew Peet a.k.a . `` Mistery '' and Claude Rodriguez a.k.a . Wizdm . They have released two albums , two EPs and a number of singles and collaborations . They have performed live locally , notably at festivals including The Big Day Out , Livid and Blackstump Music Festival .
Career
Mistery and Wizdm first met in 1989 at the Heavenly Taste Pizza shop in Sydney , where Mistery was working at the time . They realised they had mutual interests in Hip-Hop , B-Boying and spirituality and decided to form Brethren .
Brethren got their first big break in the hip hop scene courtesy of Sereck from the Australian hip hop group Def Wish Cast . Sereck secured a spot for Brethren at a Kinselas Jams gig , organised by Scott Wolf and Code Blue from ( then ) Sound Unlimited
From then on they started performing at underground gigs on a regular basis and also started running workshops at youth centres and community events throughout Sydney .
In 1992 , they appeared on the debut album Knights of the Underground Table by Def Wish Cast . This album was the first full length Australian hip hop album .
Brethren recorded their first four-song demo on cassette in 1992 . The recording was very popular and circulated quickly throughout the grassroots industry .
The demo came to the attention of TV show Simon Townsend 's Wonder World who offered to make a video clip for their song `` Crusin '' . The clip went on to be played on TV shows – rage , Channel 3 and Channel 31 ( Australia ) . It was also a crucial part of a locally produced production Spooky Tricks that sold internationally .
The demo also came to the attention of a subsidiary of Mushroom Records called MDS who backed Brethren so that they could release their first CD ; the Big Brother EP in 1996 . This resulted in Brethren becoming one of the first commercially signed hip hop groups in Australia .
In August 1996 , Brethren performed tracks from their Big Brother album at Bomb Australia 's B-Boy Kingdom 2 – a hip hop jam in Brisbane , alongside Warcry ( Gold Coast ) .
In 1996 , while Mistery was touring overseas , Wizdm recorded and produced his first solo album Words of Wizdm .
In 1997 Brethren released the single `` Slingshot '' which received airplay on Triple J and featured on the compilation Homebrews 2 .
In 1998 they appeared in the first Australian hip hop documentary Basic Equipment which was broadcast on ABC TV during the government supported youth culture themed Loud Festival . The film was made by Paul Fenech ( creator of SBS ' Pizza series ) and narrated by Sereck from Def Wish Cast . The film featured a range of prominent artists in the Sydney hip hop scene .
In 2000 Brethren joined the label Mustard Records and launched a compilation project In Da Midst , which featured 18 tracks from emerging artists from Australia and New Zealand . The project coincided with a national tour that saw Brethren team up with acclaimed US hip-hop artist , Vex Da Vortex , from the group BoogieMonsters .
In 2004 Brethren released their first full-length album Beyond Underground . The album was produced by Wizdm , and included guest appearances by some Australian hip-hop artists ; Morganics , Sereck , Sleeping Monk , Hoodsta , Mass Mc and DJs Nic Toth , Diggz , Flagrant and Nino Brown .
The album was the first ever Australian hip-hop concept album and took 3 years to complete . Each track on the album depicted a part of an original sci-fi story written by Brethren , with inspiration drawn from films such as Journey to the Center of the Earth , War of the Worlds , and Mad Max . The album was released with a limited edition full size comic book , with illustrations by Mistery , which depicted the story line from each track .
Since the group 's formation , Mistery and Wizdm have been heavily involved in promoting MCing , Graff and Breaking to teenagers and up and coming artists in the hip hop scene . Maya Jupiter , another Australian hip hop artist and ex-radio broadcaster has publicly acknowledged the support of Mistery in her early career .
Current projects
Brethren continue to support a range of community organisations through workshops and mentoring programs , and act as ambassadors for programs such as Musicians Making A Difference . According to Wizdm `` We feel that giving something positive back to the community is very important to us because when we were young there was nothing like what we have now , youth centres and underage shows etc ... we want to show young people what they are capable of . ''
Since 2006 Mistery has led a Christian hip hop movement Krosswerdz known colloquially as the `` hip-hop church '' . Krosswerdz runs creative arts programs for young people , collaboration projects for artists in the gospel music and hip hop scene , as well as monthly faith-based services . Wizdm continues to work as a beat-producer and mentor for many Australian emcees .
For the past few years both Wizdm and Mistery have been working on individual solo albums , Unrelenting , and Way of the Warrior as well as a 20-year Brethren anniversary album Bastion . All three LPs are expected to be released in 2009 through Krosswerdz Recordings .
Discography
Brother releases
Albums
Beyond Underground – Mustard Records ( 2004 )
Bastion – Krosswerdz Recordings ( 20 November 2009 )
EPs
Brethren ( 1992 ) Cassette
Big Brother – MDS ( 1994 )
Singles
`` Slingshot '' – MDS ( 1995 )
Contributions
Compilation albums
MY MY ( 1994 ) ( songs : `` Checkin the neck '' , `` Brotherhood '' )
Homebrews 2 ( 1998 ) ( song : '' Slingshot '' )
Basic Equipment ( 1998 ) ( song : `` Flow '' ) Vinyl record
The Aussie Hip Hop Army ( 2003 ) ( song : `` Overflow '' )
The Four Elements Effect ( 1999 ) ( song : `` Sydney represents '' )
In Da Midst ( 2000 ) ( songs : '' In Da Midst '' , `` Rhyme Travellers '' , `` The late 80s '' )
In Da Midst Headcleaner Vol 1 ( 2000 ) ( song : '' On a mission '' )
Hip Hops A Place of Peace ( 2001 ) ( song : `` The Vision '' )
Culture of Kings V2 ( 2002 ) ( song : `` Versustyle '' )
Battle of the year ( 2003 ) ( commentary about BBoying )
Scratching Dreams ( 2004 ) ( song : `` On a Mission '' )
1994–2004 – Creative Vibes ( 2004 ) ( song : `` Intercepta '' )
In Da Midst Headcleaner Vol 2 ( 2005 )
Hip Hop Show ( 2005 ) ( song : `` Man Machine '' )
Australian Hip Hop ( 2005 ) ( songs : `` Deep Within '' , `` Intercepta '' , `` Bear Witness '' )
Guest appearances
Knights of the Underground Table – Def Wish Cast ( song : `` Saga Iron Fest '' )
Soulkeepers – Infiltration ( 2000 ) ( song : `` Time Crisis '' )
Storm Troop – The Invasion ( 2005 ) ( songs : `` Combinations '' , `` Unorthodox '' )
Fonke Knomaads – Cleopatra 's Bath Milk ( 2008 ) ( song : `` How did we get here '' )
Production credits ( Wizdm )
Evicted from the Projects ( community project )
The sun will still come out tomorrow – Jobi One ( includes Wizdm guest vocals ) ( 2000 ) Album
It is what it is – Oakbridge ( 2009 ) Album
References
Australian hip hop groups
New South Wales musical groups
Musical groups established in 1989
Troy Township is one of the nineteen townships of Wood County , Ohio , United States . The 2010 census found 3,870 people in the township , 2,858 of whom lived in the unincorporated portions of the township .
Geography
Located in the northeastern part of the county , it borders the following townships :
Lake Township - north
Clay Township , Ottawa County - northeast
Woodville Township , Sandusky County - east
Freedom Township - south
Webster Township - southwest
Perrysburg Township - northwest
The village of Luckey is located in southwestern Troy Township , and the unincorporated communities of Lemoyne and Stony Ridge lie in the township 's north and northwest respectively .
Name and history
Troy Township was established in 1834 . It is one of seven Troy Townships statewide .
Government
The township is governed by a three-member board of trustees , who are elected in November of odd-numbered years to a four-year term beginning on the following January 1 . Two are elected in the year after the presidential election and one is elected in the year before it . There is also an elected township fiscal officer , who serves a four-year term beginning on April 1 of the year after the election , which is held in November of the year before the presidential election . Vacancies in the fiscal officership or on the board of trustees is filled by the remaining trustees .
References
External links
County website
Townships in Wood County , Ohio
Townships in Ohio
Olivier Morel ( born 3 August 1972 ) is a French former professional tennis player .
Morel was a wildcard pairing , with Guillaume Marx , in the 1997 French Open men 's doubles main draw . The pair were beaten in the first round by seventh seeds Rick Leach and Jonathan Stark .
In 2002 he made his ATP Tour main draw debut in doubles at the TD Waterhouse Cup on Long Island .
Morel , now a New York-based tennis coach , has previously served as a tour coach of players including Mischa Zverev and Sergei Bubka . He is a former hitting partner of Ana Ivanovic .
ATP Challenger/ITF Futures finals
Doubles : 5 ( 2–3 )
References
External links
( has a duplicate profile as `` Olivier Moral '' )
1972 births
Living people
French male tennis players
French tennis coaches
Kafr ad-Dik ( ) is a Palestinian town located 9.5 kilometers west of Salfit in the Salfit Governorate , in the northern West Bank and eight kilometers east of the Green Line . According to the Palestinian Central Bureau of Statistics ( PCBS ) , the town had a population of 4,453 in 2007 .
Approximately 70 % of the families in Kafr ad-Dik are dependent on agriculture as the main source of income , while the remaining 30 % work in the private and public sectors . The unemployment rate in the town is 60 % .
The town 's total land area consists of 15,228 dunams of which 578 dunams are built-up . However , 119 of those dunums is located outside Kafr ad-Dik 's jurisdiction . There are five Israeli settlements built on 1,448 dunams of Kafr ad-Dik 's land and the population of the settlers is 2,062 . As a result of the Interim Agreement on the West Bank and the Gaza Strip , the Palestinian National Authority controls the civil affairs of 1,953 dunums of Kafr ad-Dik 's land ( Area B ) , while 13,275 dunams are classified as Area C , which is under full Israeli control .
Location
Kafr ad Dik located west of Salfit . It is bordered by Bruqin to the east , Bani Zaid to the south , Rafat and Deir Ballut to the west , and Biddya and Sarta to the north .
History
It has been suggested that this is the place mentioned in Crusader sources under the name of Caphaer ; a village connected with the Casale Santa Maria . In 1175 , Crusader sources mentions a former cistern-keeper of the village .
The coat of arms the Mamluk Sultan Qaitbay ( 1468-1496 C.E . ) have been found in a mosque in the village .
Ottoman era
It has been suggested that this village is the Kafr Bani Hamid of the 1596 Ottoman tax records .
In 1838 it was noted as a village el-Kufr , part of the Jurat Merda district , south of Nablus .
In 1870 Victor Guérin found here very considerable remains . They included two birkets cut in the rock , one 15 paces long by 12 broad , the other not quite so large ; about 30 cisterns and 20 tombs cut in the rock , some with sepulchral chambers , their walls pierced with loculi , others simple graves , either intended for a single body or having right and left vaulted tombs with arcosolia . These graves were formerly covered with stone slabs . There were also several lintels , decorated with the rectangular cartouche , on either side of which were triangles , and in the middle a cross . There are four mosques , built with stones and columns belonging to a Christian church . There is also a square tower , measuring 7 paces on each side . It is lit by loopholes , and is covered with immense slabs forming a roof , and supported by vaulted arcades . Within it is a cistern . On the lintel is a cross with equal branches inserted in a circle near four semicircles , which lie in a four-leaved rose . This tower formed part of a larger building , now destroyed .
Guérin noticed houses which were constructed from red and white stone masonry , as in Deir Ghassaneh and Beit Rima .
In 1882 , the PEF 's Survey of Western Palestine described the village as being `` of moderate size on the hillside , and an ancient site , having rock-cut tombs to the east . ''
British Mandate era
In the 1922 census of Palestine conducted by the British Mandate authorities , Kufr al-Dik had a population of 487 , all Muslim , increasing in the 1931 census to 665 , still all Muslim , in 139 houses .
In the 1945 statistics the population was 870 , all Muslims , while the total land area was 15,308 dunams , according to an official land and population survey . Of this , 2,075 were used for plantations and irrigable land , 2,603 for cereals , while 58 dunams were classified as built-up areas .
Jordanian era
In the wake of the 1948 Arab–Israeli War , and after the 1949 Armistice Agreements , Kafr ad-Dik came under Jordanian rule . It was annexed by Jordan in 1950 .
In 1961 , the population was 1,365 .
1967-present
Since the Six-Day War in 1967 , Kafr ad-Dik has been under Israeli occupation .
After the 1995 accords , 14.5 % of village land was classified as Area B , the remaining 85.5 % as Area C. Israel has confiscated land from Kafr ad-Dik for Israeli settlements numerous times , including :
594 dunams for Pedu'el ,
300 dunams for Alei Zahav ,
144 dunams for Har Alei Zahav , and
246 dunams for an industrial zone , near Pedu'el .
After an Israeli court approved the expropriation of 3,000 dunams ( 750 acres ) of private Palestinian land in Kafr ad-Dik 's Thahir Subih neighborhood , bulldozers were called in and reportedly uprooted dozens of olive trees and fruit trees while leveling over 10,000 dunams ( 2,500 acres ) . The Israel Civil Administration spokesperson said the works related to a state-backed plan to develop the area 's agriculture . In Israel 's view , the spokesperson added , these are Israeli state lands .
References
Bibliography
External links
Welcome To Kafr al-Dik
Kufr ad-Dik , IWPS
Survey of Western Palestine , Map 14 : IAA , Wikimedia commons
Kafr Ad Dik Town ( Fact Sheet ) , Applied Research Institute–Jerusalem ( ARIJ )
Kafr ad Dik Town Profile , ARIJ
Kafr ad Dik aerial photo , ARIJ
Kfar Ad Dik and Deir Ballut in Salfit Governorate receive New Land confiscation Order 10 , January , 2007 , POICA
More of Bruqin 's and Kafr Ad dik 's land are targeted by the Segregation Wall 05 , March , 2007 , POICA
House Demolitions warnings in Kafr ad Dik village 07 , May , 2007 , POICA
The Israeli Occupation Forces re-closes Kafr ad Dik main entrance 05 , February , 2010 , POICA
Colonial Expansion amplified on Lands of Kafr ad Dik village 03 , December , 2010 , POICA
Expansions in Eli Zahav and Bedouil Colonies in Kafr ad Dik 05 , July , 2011 , POICA
Demolishing 22 Structures in Kafr ad Dik town - Salfit Governorate 06 , October , 2011 , POICA
Demolition Orders in Kafr ad Dik- Salfit Governorate 11 , October , 2011 , POICA
Blocking Kafr ad Dik Entrance 28 , January , 2012 , POICA
Demolishing Cisterns and Sheds in Kafr ad Dik 19 , April , 2012 , POICA
Kafr ad-Dik
Towns in Salfit Governorate
Salfit Governorate
Municipalities of West Bank
Municipalities of the State of Palestine
Walter Bennett Scates ( January 18 , 1808 – October 26 , 1886 ) was an American lawyer and jurist .
Born in South Boston , Virginia , Scates moved with his parents to a farm near Hopkinsville , Kentucky and then learned the printer 's trade in Nashville , Tennessee . He studied law in Louisville , Kentucky and then moved to West Frankfort , Illinois where he practiced law . Scates served as county surveyor and state 's attorney pro temp . In 1836 , Scates served as Illinois Attorney General and then as Illinois Circuit Court judge . In 1841 , Scates was elected to the Illinois Supreme Court and served until 1847 . Scates served as a delegate to the 1848 Illinois Constitutional Convention . From 1852 until 1857 , Scates again served in the Illinois Supreme Court and was chief justice in 1855 .
During the American Civil War , Scates served as a staff officer in the Union Army . He ended the war as major and was brevetted brigadier general . President Abraham Lincoln nominated Scates to be Governor of the New Mexico Territory but Scates turned down the nomination . He was collector of customs for the Port of Chicago , Illinois from 1866 to 1869 and continued to practice law in Chicago , Illinois . Scates died in Evanston , Illinois .
Notes
1808 births
1886 deaths
Politicians from Chicago
People from West Frankfort , Illinois
People from South Boston , Virginia
People of Illinois in the American Civil War
Illinois state court judges
Chief Justices of the Illinois Supreme Court
Illinois Attorneys General
People from Hopkinsville , Kentucky
Union Army officers
19th-century American judges
Justices of the Illinois Supreme Court
Mohamed Mohyeldin ( born 1 October 1991 ) is an Egyptian judoka . At the 2016 Summer Olympics he competed in the Men 's -73kg .
References
External links
1992 births
Living people
Olympic judoka of Egypt
Judoka at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Egyptian male judoka
African Games gold medalists for Egypt
African Games medalists in judo
Mediterranean Games bronze medalists for Egypt
Mediterranean Games medalists in judo
Competitors at the 2015 African Games
Competitors at the 2018 Mediterranean Games
20th-century Egyptian people
21st-century Egyptian people
Metro State Prison , previously the Metro Correctional Institution , is a former Georgia Department of Corrections prison for women in unincorporated southern DeKalb County , Georgia , near Atlanta . Female death row inmates ( UDS , `` under death sentence '' ) were held in the Metro State Prison . The prison had room for 779 prisoners . It was closed in 2011 .
History
Metro State opened in 1980 as a men 's prison . In 1993 the male prisoners were moved out of Metro and were replaced with prisoners from the Georgia Women 's Correctional Institution . The prison planned to move the 700 male prisoners at Metro to other prisons . The swap was scheduled for completion on July 1 , 1993 . As the transfer occurred the prison was the only co-ed prison in the State of Georgia . Georgia DOC officials said that the gender swap occurred because many female prisoners were from Greater Atlanta and the proximity would provide more opportunities for family members to visit them . In addition , the location allowed female prisoners to have more access to psychological and medical services available in Greater Atlanta . Lynn Cook of the Atlanta Journal-Constitution said `` [ t ] he swap also made to get the female inmates out of a culture at Georgia Women 's Correctional Institution that had allowed officers and other workers at the prison to engage in sexual relationships with inmates . ''
In 2011 the State of Georgia closed the prison . The women were moved to Lee Arrendale State Prison and Pulaski State Prison . Georgia DOC officials declined to state when the agency began moving the prisoners or when the move had been completed , citing security concerns . The inmates and employees had been cleared out of the prison by Friday April 1 , 2011 . Brian Owens , the Commissioner , stated in 2011 to members of the Georgia Legislature that the number of women coming into the Georgia DOC system had declined even though the overall prison population had increased . In January 2011 Owens said that a private prison company may have expressed an interest in buying the prison . In April 2011 a spokesperson for the Georgia DOC said that the state had no plans for the facility . At the time of the closure the prison had 319 employees . The state offered them transfers to other prisons .
After renovation , the facility reopened in 2018 as the Metro Reentry Facility .
Notable prisoners
Non-death row
Lynn Turner ( died in prison )
Death row
Kelly Gissendaner
References
External links
`` Metro State Prison '' - Georgia Department of Corrections ( Archive )
Quinn , Christopher . `` State to close Metro State Prison ; penal reform on state agenda . '' Atlanta Journal-Constitution . Wednesday January 19 , 2011 .
Buildings and structures in DeKalb County , Georgia
Defunct prisons in Georgia ( U.S. state )
Capital punishment in Georgia ( U.S. state )
Women 's prisons in Georgia ( U.S. state )
1980 establishments in Georgia ( U.S. state )
2011 disestablishments in Georgia ( U.S. state )
Senator Morris may refer to :
Members of the Australian Senate
John Morris ( Australian politician ) ( 1936–2013 ) , Australian Senator for New South Wales from 1985 to 1990
Kenneth Morris ( politician ) ( 1903–1978 ) , Australian Senator for Queensland from 1963 to 1968
Members of the Jamaican Senate
Floyd Morris ( born 1969 ) , Jamaican Senator from 1998 to 2016
Members of the United States Senate
Gouverneur Morris ( 1752–1816 ) , U.S . Senator from New York from 1800 to 1803
Robert Morris ( financier ) ( 1734–1806 ) , U.S . Senator from Pennsylvania from 1789 to 1795
Thomas Morris ( Ohio politician ) ( 1776–1844 ) , U.S . Senator from Ohio from 1833 to 1839
United States state senate members
Bill Morris ( Illinois politician ) ( fl . 1970s–1980s ) , Illinois State Senate
Calvary Morris ( 1798–1871 ) , Ohio State Senate
Earle Morris Jr. ( 1928–2011 ) , South Carolina State Senate
Harvey R. Morris ( 1807–1886 ) , New York State Senate
Lewis Morris ( 1726–1798 ) , New York State Senate
Lorenzo Morris ( 1817–1903 ) , New York State Senate
Luzon B. Morris ( 1827–1895 ) , Connecticut State Senate
Mathias Morris ( 1787–1839 ) , Pennsylvania State Senate
Oscar Morris ( 1876–1939 ) , Wisconsin State Senate
Richard Morris ( New York judge ) ( 1730–1810 ) , New York State Senate
Stephen Morris ( politician ) ( born 1946 ) , Kansas State Senate
Thomas Morris ( Wisconsin politician ) ( 1861–1928 ) , Wisconsin State Senate
Nuathoranee Samchaivisetsuk ( เหนือธรณี สามชัยวิเศษสุก ) is a Thai Muay Thai fighter .
Biography
Thanachon Suksai grew up in the Si Muang Mai district , Ubon Ratchathani Province where he started Muay Thai at the age of 9 with his uncle and his older brother at a local boxing camp in his hometown . He was fighting under the name Beerthai Sit.Jaboon before changing to Rakhangphet . After graduating from high school , he used the name Nuathoranee Samchaivisetsuk for his debut at Lumpinee Stadium .
When Nuathoranee was still fighting in Ubon Ratchathani he started to enter the ring wearing a Batman mask with his cornerman dressed as Spider-Man . The idea was to attract the youth of the area to his camp and make a name among boxing fans . Nuathoranee still uses the mask for his entrances in Bangkok stadiums earning him the nickname `` Batman '' .
On November 30 , 2019 Nuathoranee rematched Sakachainoi M.U.Den who previously beat him . Nuathoranee dominated the fight to a unanimous decision win , capturing the vacant Lumpinee Stadium lightweight title in the process .
Nuathoranee went undefeated throughout 2020 and was part of the 5 fighters shortlisted for the Thailand Sports Authority Fighter of the Year award .
On March 7 , 2021 Nuathoranee defeated Thanonchai Fairtex by unanimous decision at the Channel 7 Stadium for the vacant lightweight title .
Titles and accomplishments
Lumpinee Stadium
2019 Lumpinee Stadium 135 lbs Champion
Channel 7 Stadium
2020 Channel 7 Stadium Fighter of the Year
2021 Channel 7 Stadium 135 lbs Champion
Fight record
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 2022-09-17|| Win ||align=left| Thanonchai Fairtex || Ruamponkon Samui + Kiatpetch Samui Fight , Petchbuncha Stadium || Koh Samui , Thailand || TKO ( Doctor stoppage ) ||4 ||
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 2022-08-22|| Win ||align=left| Rungsaengtawan Sor.Parat || Ruamponkon Samui + Kiatpetch Samui Fight , Petchbuncha Stadium || Koh Samui , Thailand || Decision ||5 ||3:00
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 2022-05-07|| Win ||align=left| Nakrob Fairtex || Fairtex , Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok , Thailand || KO ( High kick ) || 1 || 0:28
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 2022-03-27|| Win ||align=left| Nakrob Fairtex || Kiatpetch , Channel 7 Stadium || Bangkok , Thailand || Decision ( Split ) ||5 ||3:00
|-
! style=background : white colspan=9 |
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 2022-01-02|| Win ||align=left| Nakrob Fairtex || Kiatpetch , Channel 7 Stadium || Bangkok , Thailand || Decision ( Unanimous ) || 5||3:00
|-
! style=background : white colspan=9 |
|- style= '' background : # fbb ; ''
| 2021-11-26|| Loss ||align=left| Petchdam Petchyindee Academy || Muay Thai Moradok Kon Thai + Rajadamnern Super Fight|| Buriram Province , Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 2021-10-31|| Win ||align=left| Mongkolkaew Sor.Sommai || Channel 7 Stadium || Bangkok , Thailand || Decision || 5|| 3:00
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 2021-03-07|| Win ||align=left| Thanonchai Fairtex || Kiatpetch , Channel 7 Stadium || Bangkok , Thailand || Decision ( Unanimous ) || 5|| 3:00
|-
! style=background : white colspan=9 |
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 2020-12-06|| Win ||align=left| Songkom Bangkokalaiyon || Channel 7 Stadium || Bangkok , Thailand || Decision || 5|| 3:00
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 2020-10-18|| Win ||align=left| Rungsaengtawan Sor.Parat || Channel 7 Stadium || Bangkok , Thailand || Decision || 5|| 3:00
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 2020-09-13|| Win ||align=left| Sibsaen Tor.JaroenthongPhuket|| Channel 7 Stadium || Bangkok , Thailand || Decision || 5|| 3:00
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 2020-07-19|| Win ||align=left| Songkom Bangkokalaiyon|| Or.Tor.Gor.3 Stadium || Nonthaburi Province , Thailand || Decision || 5|| 3:00
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 2020-02-09|| Win ||align=left| Rungsaengtawan Sor.Parat|| Channel 7 Stadium || Bangkok , Thailand || Decision || 5|| 3:00
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 2019-11-30|| Win ||align=left| Sakchainoi M.U.Den || Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok , Thailand || Decision ( Unanimous ) || 5|| 3:00
|-
! style=background : white colspan=9 |
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 2019-10-26|| Win ||align=left| Jomhod Chor.Ketweena|| Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok , Thailand || KO ( Knee to the body ) || 3||
|- style= '' background : # fbb ; ''
| 2019-09-15|| Loss ||align=left| Tapaokaew Singmawynn || Samui Festival + Kiatpetch || Ko Samui , Thailand || Decision || 5|| 3:00
|-
! style=background : white colspan=9 |
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 2019-08-03|| Win ||align=left| Yod ET Tded99|| Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok , Thailand || Decision || 5|| 3:00
|- style= '' background : # fbb ; ''
| 2019-01-13|| Loss ||align=left| Sakchainoi M.U.Den || Channel 7 Stadium || Bangkok , Thailand || TKO ( Shoulder injury ) || 3||
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 2018-12-17|| Win ||align=left| Chai Sor.Jor.Toi Padrew|| Sor.Sommai , Rajadamnern Stadium || Bangkok , Thailand || Decision || 5|| 3:00
|- style= '' background : # fbb ; ''
| 2018-04-21|| Loss ||align=left| Komawut FA Group || Omnoi Stadium || Bangkok , Thailand || Decision || 5|| 3:00
|- style= '' background : # fbb ; ''
| 2018-03-18|| Loss ||align=left| Komawut FA Group || Blue Arena || Samut Prakan , Thailand || Decision || 5|| 3:00
|- style= '' background : # fbb ; ''
| 2018-02-02|| Loss ||align=left| Yamin Sor Jor.Wichitpaedriew || Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok , Thailand || Decision || 5|| 3:00
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 2017-11-15|| Win ||align=left| Chai Sor.Jor.Toi Padrew|| Tor.Chaiwat , Rajadamnern Stadium || Bangkok , Thailand || Decision || 5|| 3:00
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 2017-08-27|| Win ||align=left| Fahsatan Sit.Watcharachai || Rangsit Stadium || Rangsit , Thailand || Decision || 5|| 3:00
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 2017-07-23|| Win ||align=left| Raksurin Kesagym || Rangsit Stadium || Rangsit , Thailand || KO ( Right Elbow ) || 3||
|- style= '' background : # c5d2ea ; ''
| 2017-06-25|| Draw||align=left| Samingyok Lukchumphon|| Rangsit Stadium || Rangsit , Thailand || Decision || 5|| 3:00
|- style= '' background : # fbb ; ''
| 2017-04-29|| Loss ||align=left| Petchpikhat Kor Klanbut || Rangsit Stadium || Rangsit , Thailand || Decision || 5||3:00
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 2017-03-26|| Win ||align=left| Jaruadsuk Kor.Kampanat|| Rangsit Stadium || Rangsit , Thailand || KO ( Knees to the body ) || 2||
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 2017-03-05|| Win ||align=left| Chalamsuk Nitisamui || Rangsit Stadium || Rangsit , Thailand || Decision || 5|| 3:00
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 2017-01-29|| Win ||align=left| Chalamsuk Nitisamui || Rajadamnern Stadium || Bangkok , Thailand || TKO ( Punches ) || 2||
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 2017-01-07|| Win ||align=left| Phetphadung Phetsimuen || Thanakorn Stadium || Nakhon Pathom Province , Thailand || TKO ( Kicks ) || 2||
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 2016-08-06|| Win ||align=left| Ruenthai Dabpong || Thanakorn Stadium || Nakhon Pathom Province , Thailand || KO ( Knee to the body ) || 4||
|- style= '' background : # fbb ; ''
| 2016-05-07|| Loss ||align=left| Dennapho Sor.Thanyalak || Rangsit Stadium || Rangsit , Thailand || Decision || 5|| 3:00
|- style= '' background : # fbb ; ''
| 2016-05-01|| Loss ||align=left| Phetsamui Lukjaoporongtom Kromsappasamit || Muay Dee Vithithai , Rangsit Stadium || Rangsit , Thailand || Decision || 5|| 3:00
|- style= '' background : # fbb ; ''
| 2016-01-02 || Loss ||align=left| Rodtang Jitmuangnon || MAX Muay Thai || Pattaya , Thailand || KO ( Punches ) || 2 ||
|-
| colspan=9 | Legend :
References
Nuathoranee Samchaivisetsuk
1995 births
Living people
Nuathoranee Samchaivisetsuk
Xanagrams is an educational game that is a cross between a crossword puzzle and Scrabble . It was given away for free with the Amstrad CPC 464 and was a popular game . There are 3 difficulty level to the game , from middle school aged to adults . A game can consist of 1-5 words and the player is given a jumble of letters to sort out to form the correct words .
References
1984 video games
Amstrad CPC games
Amstrad CPC-only games
Educational video games
Video games developed in the United Kingdom
Mandimba District is a district of Niassa Province in north-western Mozambique . The principal town is Mandimba .
Further reading
District profile ( PDF )
Districts in Niassa Province
Chain Reaction , also known as The Strangeurs , was an American rock band from Yonkers , New York . They had two singles and were most notable for having lead singer Steven Tallarico ( later known as Steven Tyler ) . They started off as the Strangers , until finding a group who already had that name , switching to The Strangeurs as a result . After a line-up change they changed their name to Chain Reaction .
Chain Reaction performed in concert as the opening act for such groups as The Beach Boys , The Byrds and The Yardbirds . The band 's 1966 song `` When I Needed You '' appeared on Aerosmith 's 1991 compilation box set album Pandora 's Box .
The Strangeurs line-up
Steven Tallarico - drums/vocals
Peter Stahl - guitar
Alan Strohmayer - bass
Don Solomon - keyboards/vocals
Barry Shapiro - drums
Chain Reaction line-up
Steve Tally ( Steven Tallarico ) - lead vocals , harmonica , percussion
Peter Stahl - guitar
Alan Strohmayer - bass
Don Sloan ( Don Solomon ) - keyboards
Barry Shore ( Barry Shapiro ) - drums
Singles
`` The Sun '' / `` When I Needed You '' ( B. Shapiro - S. Tallarico - D. Solomon - A. Strohmayer - P. Stahl ) 1966
`` You Should Have Been Here Yesterday '' / `` Ever Lovin ' Man '' ( Don Sloan - Peter Stahl ) 1968
See also
Aerosmith
References
External links
http : //www.rockthisway.de/chainreaction.htm
http : //www.aerosmith.com/
Aerosmith
Hard rock musical groups from New York ( state )
Sri Maha Prathyangira Devi Temple is located in the area of Sholinganallur , Chennai , India , adjacent to the beach of Bay of Bengal . The Temple sits on the banks of the Buckingham Canal . This is a magnificent temple built for Goddess Prathyangira , in her incarnation of Shri Maha Prathyangira Devi . She is considered to be a powerful repellent of the influences generated by witchcraft , and is said to have the power to punish Adharma . This is one of the few temples of Prathyangira and the only temple for Shri Maha Prathyangira Devi , the Shanta form .
The Temple
Other Gods who are also shrined in the renowned temple are Goddess Varahi , Goddess Neela Saraswathi , Lord Sarabheswara , Lord Ganesha , Lord Muruga , Lord Panjamukha Anjaneya , Lord Agni , Goddess Kaalikaambal , Lord Ayyapa , Lord Saniswara , Lord Narasimha , Lord Rahu and Ketu , Lord ( Guruvayoorappan ) and Lord Shiva .
Timing : 8 am - 12 pm and 4 pm - 7:45 pm on weekdays ,
Sunday from 8 am - 1 pm and 4 pm to 8:30 pm ( Only on Ammavasai ) .
Poojas offered
Abishegam and Archana are a regulation here . Special poojas are offered every Sundays .
Homas performed in the temple .
Homas are performed in the temple on special occasions only and it is conducted for free and any-one can participate , there is no agent or pre-booking for homam in this temple within India or in any other countries but there are scammers who pretend as agent for homams but they are no way related to this temple , homam are performed for public welfare and it is free to all .
Location
The temple is located close to the junction and halfway down the link road of East Coast Road and Old Mahabalipuram Road .
References
External links
Official website
Devi temples in India
Hindu temples in Chennai
Luis Felipe Navas de León is a Puerto Rican politician from the New Progressive Party ( PNP ) . He served as member of the Senate of Puerto Rico from 1993 to 2001 .
Navas was elected to the Senate of Puerto Rico in the 1992 general election . He represented the District of Humacao . Navas was reelected at the 1996 general election .
Earned a Juris Doctor from the Interamerican University of Puerto Rico School of Law .
Navas ran for a third term at the 2000 general elections , but was defeated by the candidates of the PPD . After that , he has worked as a Legal Advisor for the Senate .
In 2012 , while working as Director of the Office of Technical Evaluations of the Senate , Navas was appointed as alternate member of the Board for the Special Independent Attorney General ( or FEI ) .
See also
21st Senate of Puerto Rico
References
Interamerican University of Puerto Rico alumni
Living people
People from Aguas Buenas , Puerto Rico
Members of the Senate of Puerto Rico
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Marco Polo Junior Versus the Red Dragon ( also known as Marco Polo Junior or The Red Red Dragon in the United States ) is a 1972 Australian animated musical adventure film directed by Eric Porter , written by Sheldon Moldoff , and was the country 's first animated feature film .
The two sequence directors were Porter 's animation director Cam Ford ( who had previously worked on the Beatles ' Yellow Submarine ) and Peter Gardiner . The film was later re-edited and combined with new sequences to become Marco Polo : Return to Xanadu in 2001 .
Plot
Young Marco , a descendant of Marco Polo , and his companion Sandy the Seagull set off on a journey to the mythical kingdom of Xanadu , to help Princess Shining Moon defeat the evil magician the Red Dragon .
1972 voice cast
Bobby Rydell as Marco Polo Junior
Arnold Stang as the Delicate Dinosaur
Corie Sims as Princess Shining Moon
Kevin Golsby as the Red Dragon
Larry Best as the Guru
Gordon Hammet
Lionel G. Wilson
Arthur Anderson
Merril E. Joels
Sam Gray
Marco Polo : Return to Xanadu voice cast
Nicholas Gonzales as Marco Polo Junior
Tony Pope as Foo-Ling , Babu , and Reginald the Seagull
Elea Bartling as Princess Ming Yu and Maiden on Pirate Ship
John Matthew as the Delicate Dinosaur and Marco Polo the Explorer
John C. Hyke as Malgor the Vulture and Sailing Ship Captain
Michael Kostroff as Kubla Khan and Lo Fat
Paul Ainsley as Wong Wei
Robert Kramer as Helmsman , Voice of the Flame , and Grandpa
Alan Altshuld as Pangu , Mr. Giovanni , and Marriage Priest
Tim Bryon Owen as Space Station Captain , First Mate , and Kubla Khan 's Servant
Tony Pope , Robert Kramer , Cheddy Hart , John C. Hyke , and Chris Holter as Additional Voices
Production
The film was conceived by Sheldon Moldoff , who made the film as a co-production with Eric Porter in Australia . $ 60,000 of the budget was provided by the Australian Film Development Corporation . Preliminary story board work was done in the U.S. , but most of the film was done in Australia .
Over 70 artists were involved in the film . Sequence directors were Cam Ford and Peter Gardner , and animators were Paul McAdam , Yvonne Pearsall , Dick Dunne , Gairdon Cooke , Richard Jones , Gerry Grabner , Stan Walker , Cynthia Leech , Peter Luschwitz , Kevin Roper and children 's illustrator Kilmeny Niland . Background work was by Graham Liney and Yvonne Perrin , sister of Disney 's Sleeping Beauty background stylist Eyvind Earle . Production took place from mid 1970 until May 1972 .
Only one voice , that of the Red Dragon , was provided by an Australian ; actor and comedian Kevin Golsby .
Release
Shortly before the film 's release in December 1972 , an Australian/American cartoon special about the original Marco Polo screened on Australian television , prompting the film 's distributors to make the title longer to avoid confusion . However , commercial results were poor , largely due to insufficient promotion by the U.S. distributors , although it did reasonably well in Australia and Europe . The low returns from the film persuaded Porter to undertake sub-contracted TV series work from America 's Hanna-Barbera ( The Amazing Chan and the Chan Clan , Super Friends , plus several one-off animated TV specials ) , but a subsequent financial recession in 1975 finally saw Porter shutting down his animation studio .
Three books were published using art work from the film .
The film 's title was changed to The Magic Medallion for its 1976 release on television .
The movie had its widest American exposure over the HBO and Showtime premium cable networks in 1983 and 1984 respectively , and later the film got an extremely hard-to-find VHS from Family Home Entertainment . The movie was later included on BCI Eclipse 's Advantage Collection DVD set .
In 2015 , the National Film and Sound Archive of Australia released a restored print of the movie on DVD to celebrate the centenary of Australian animation .
Marco Polo : Return to Xanadu
Many years later , the story was re-edited and extended by scriptwriter ( and original co-producer ) Sheldon Moldoff , in collaboration with Ron Merk and , with additional footage , certain name changes like the Red Dragon to Foo-Ling , and added subplots , was released as Marco Polo : Return to Xanadu ( 2002 ) by Tooniversal Company . Lightyear Video and Warner Home Video handled the VHS/DVD release . The resulting version is generally considered to be vastly inferior to the original . Lionsgate Films has made this version of the movie available for video-on-demand .
References
External links
Marco Polo Junior Versus the Red Dragon at Oz Movies
1972 films
1972 animated films
Australian animated feature films
1970s Australian animated films
1970s English-language films
is a Japanese publishing company focused on adult material , such as adult magazines and hentai manga . It also publishes yaoi titles , such as Kirepapa . The company was established in 1985 as .
Core Magazine owns a bookstore chain .
History
In July 2002 , a special issue of Bubka magazine featured unauthorized childhood photos of several female idols , including Norika Fujiwara , Kyoko Fukada , and Natsumi Abe . A suit was started against Core Magazine for privacy violation .
It 2009 it was the top ero-manga publisher in Japan , with 76 titles , beating Akane Shinsha , which only had 65 .
In July 2013 , the head editor , Akira Ota , and the two staff members were arrested for having their manga shown partially uncensored . They pled guilty in December 2013 and apologized for their irresponsibility .
In September 2017 , Komiflo announced in collaboration with Core Magazine that its titles would be available for streaming . Starting with Hotmilk , this expanded to include MegaStore in 2018 .
Magazines published
, a monthly magazine , which replaced in 2007 .
, bakunyū manga magazine
, a monthly magazine , which replaced in 2010
drap , yaoi magazine
Video games ( eroge ) magazines
G-type
Voice-type
See also
La Satanica—Japanese manga anthology
References
External links
Official Core Magazine website
1985 establishments in Japan
Book publishing companies in Tokyo
Comic book publishing companies in Tokyo
Magazine publishing companies in Tokyo
Manga distributors
Publishing companies established in 1985
Hentai companies
Adult magazine publishing companies
Gors is an area in the community of Trearddur , Ynys Môn , Wales , which is 140.8 miles ( 226.6 km ) from Cardiff and 227.9 miles ( 366.8 km ) from London .
References
See also
List of localities in Wales by population
Villages in Anglesey
This table shows an overview of the protected heritage sites in the Walloon town Graven , or Grez-Doiceau . This list is part of Belgium 's national heritage .
| }
See also
Lists of protected heritage sites in Walloon Brabant
Grez-Doiceau
References
Belgian heritage register : Direction générale opérationnelle - Aménagement du territoire , Logement , Patrimoine et Energie ( DG4 )
www.dglive.be
Grez-Doiceau
Grez-Doiceau
Daniel Sikorski ( born 2 November 1987 ) is an Austrian footballer who plays as a striker for Aris Limassol . Besides Austria , he has played in Germany , Switzerland , Russia , Romania , Cyprus , and Spain .
Club career
Sikorski was born in Warsaw , Poland . After spending his youth career at SV Waidhofen and SKN St. Pölten in Austria , he joined the reserve team of Bayern Munich in 2005 . In August 2007 , Sikorski trained with the Bayern Munich first-team squad . On 12 March 2010 , Sikorski announced that he will leave Bayern Munich at the end of the 2009–10 season .
On 23 June 2010 , he signed a two-year contract with Polish Ekstraklasa club Górnik Zabrze . After a successful season in Zabrze , on 8 June 2011 he was signed by his hometown club Polonia Warsaw , where he received a four-year contract . After one season , Sikorski moved to Wisła Kraków .
International career
Sikorski played for Austria U-19 , U-20 and U-21 national teams . He represented the country at the 2006 UEFA European Under-19 Football Championship .
Personal life
Sikorski was born in Poland , but shortly afterwards he moved with his parents to Waidhofen an der Thaya , Austria . His father Witold was also a professional footballer , who spent playing eight years for Legia Warsaw and for numerous other clubs in Poland , Sweden and Austria . Sikorski holds both Austrian and Polish citizenship .
Career statistics
References
External links
Living people
1987 births
Footballers from Warsaw
Association football forwards
Austrian footballers
Austrian expatriate footballers
Polish footballers
Polish emigrants to Austria
FC Bayern Munich II players
Górnik Zabrze players
Polonia Warsaw players
Wisła Kraków players
FC St. Gallen players
SV Ried players
FC Khimki players
CS Gaz Metan Mediaș players
Pafos FC players
Nea Salamis Famagusta FC players
CD Guijuelo footballers
Aris Limassol FC players
Regionalliga players
3 . Liga players
Ekstraklasa players
Swiss Super League players
Austrian Football Bundesliga players
Russian First League players
Liga I players
Cypriot First Division players
Cypriot Second Division players
Segunda División B players
Expatriate footballers in Germany
Expatriate footballers in Poland
Expatriate footballers in Switzerland
Expatriate footballers in Romania
Expatriate footballers in Russia
Expatriate footballers in Cyprus
Expatriate footballers in Spain
Austria youth international footballers
Austria under-21 international footballers
Bensonville is the capital city of Montserrado County , Liberia . As of the 2008 national census , its population stood at 4,089 . Bensonville is located away from the national capital , Monrovia , which is also located in Montserrado County . It is a commercial center for the surrounding agricultural area .
It was the birthplace of William R. Tolbert , Jr. , the 20th president of Liberia . Before he was killed in a coup in 1980 , Tolbert had planned to make Bensonville the country 's new capital city .
Prior to the Liberian Civil War , Bensonville 's industrial activity included producing milled rice , sawn wood , soap , plastics , paints , furniture and fixtures , cement blocks , oils , processed fish , and confections .
References
Populated places in Liberia
Populated places established by Americo-Liberians
Montserrado County
County capitals in Liberia
Vandeikya is a local government area in Nigeria .
Vandeikya Local Government Council is located between latitude 7°5 ' and 7°15 ' north of the Equator and Longitude 9° and 9°6 ' east of Greenwich . It has a landmass of 183,939 square metres ( 0.7 sq miles ) with a population of well over 80,288 .
Vandeikya is in the South Eastern part of Benue State and shares boundaries with Obudu and Bekwara in Cross River State to the East , Ushongo to the North and Konshisha LGA to the West . There are twelve administrative council wards .
Vandeikya LGA was carved out of Gboko LGC in 1976 . The indigenous community is the Tiv people who speak the Tiv language . The Vandeikya people are a hospitable group and are predominantly Christians with a few traditionalists .
Vandeikya Local Government area is dominated by undulating terrain with much of the area being below 183 m ( 600 ft ) above the sea level . Surface drainage is generally good with almost all the rivers being seasonal , notably river Aya and river Be .
The climate is tropical sub humid with the mean annual rainfall of between 1,200 and 2,000 mm ( 47 '' and 79 '' ) averaging seven months in the year , while the mean annual temperature is 32.5 °C ( 90 °F ) . The wet season is from April to October or November while the dry season is November to March .
Agriculture is the mainstay of the people ; with arable land for sheep , goats and cattle rearing . Over 80 % of the population are directly engaged in the peasant farming of virtually all major food crops , with concentration on rice , sweet potatoes , cassava , sorghum , citrus , spices , pepper , groundnut and bambara nuts . The LGA is endowed with mineral deposits such as barites , kaoline and iron ores .
Being principally farmers , the major commercial engagements of the people in the area revolve around agricultural products . Presently , there are no major industries in the area ; however there are many small scale cottage industries like rice milling , block making and furniture works and others . The settlement pattern is dispersed with thatched round houses .
References
Local Government Areas in Benue State
Populated places in Benue State
Plog may refer to :
Anthony Plog ( born 1947 ) , American conductor
Jobst Plog , director ( 1991–2008 ) of the broadcaster Norddeutscher Rundfunk
Stephen Plog ( fl . 1980–1997 ) , American archaeologist and anthropologist
Plog Island , an Antarctic island in Prydz Bay
A verb for the noun plogging which is jogging and picking up litter
LifeType , a blogging platform , originally developed under the name pLog
plog , a Unix command related to the Point-to-Point Protocol daemon
Plog , a photo delivery system worked on by scientist Rich Gossweiler
Plough , in Swedish and Norwegian
The Monastery of the Most Holy Mother of God ( ) , also known as Petkovača ( Петковача ) , is a defunct Serbian Orthodox monastery , currently in ruins , built by Serbian Grand Prince Stefan Nemanja sometime between 1159 and 1168 . The monastery is located on a plateau between the Kosanica and Toplica rivers , and near the entrance of Kuršumlija .
History
The order in which Stefan Nemanja built the monasteries in Kuršumlija is a subject of debate . According to his son and biographer , Stefan the First-Crowned , the monastery was built between 1159 and 1168 , as a result of a meeting with the Byzantine Emperor Manuel Komnenos . It was placed at the site of an early Byzantine basilica , which dated from the time of Justinian 's restoration . Others think that the St. Nicolas Church was the first monastery in the series to be built . These monasteries were of a similar construction ; they were called `` the White Churches '' because of the way in which the sun reflected off of their leaden roofs , and that is possibly why that area is today called Bela Crkva ( `` White Church '' ) .
The monastery was first built as a nunnery . Stefan Nemanja 's wife was one of its first caretakers , and during the course of her supervision , she became a nun . After her death , she became a saint under the name Saint Anastasia . Some of the famous women who came here included Agripina of the Balšić family and Ottoman consort Mara Branković , the daughter of Serbian Despot Đurađ Branković ( r. 1427—1456 ) , married to Sultan Murad II ( r. 1421–44 ; 1446–51 ) . After her husband died , Mara was given Toplica as a gift by her step-son Mehmed II . In 1451 , Mara went to Kuršumlija and became a nun in the Holy Mother of God Church .
From the second half of the 15th century onwards , there are almost no sources mentioning the monastery . The research of Olga Zirojević indicates that based on annual income , the monastery was only active between 1455 and 1530 , and in 1661 , traveling Turkish writer Evliya Çelebi made mention of an abandoned church in the area . In the 18th century , according to a legend , the church was torn down and used to build `` Isak 's Mill '' . A century later , Austrian painter and traveling writer Felix Kanitz recorded that very little remained of the structure .
Today , the monastery is in ruins , but it remains an important cultural monument . It is protected by the government of Serbia .
Architecture
Speculations can be made from the remains of the church as to its original appearance . The church apparently had different architectural traits from other churches in Serbia , even though it belongs to the Raška style chronologically . The base of the church has a triconch shape , and on the eastern side is an altar apse which is triangular on the outside and round on the inside , unlike traditional Serbian side apses , which are semicircular in shape both outside and inside . The altar itself is separated from the nave with two columns . There is no iconostasis . The nave was covered with a dome , but nothing of the dome remains today . The narthex , rebuilt in the 14th century , was the same width as the nave , with two rectangular rooms on the north and south sides . Excavations in 1951 showed that on the western side of the church were two towers without doors . The church was at first built out of bricks , then in the 12th century with a combination of bricks and cut stone . Finally , two centuries later , it was rebuilt with processed pieces of sandstone . On the outside , it was decorated with stone sculptures of natural scenes . South of the church were monastic quarters and a welt .
Art
Today the church is ruined , and no art remains inside . However , as stated above , Austrian painter and travelling writer Felix Kanitz recorded the richness of the beautiful frescoes inside .
References
Kuršumlija
Medieval Serbian Orthodox monasteries
Serbian Orthodox church buildings in Serbia
12th-century Serbian Orthodox church buildings
Nemanjić dynasty endowments
Ruins in Serbia
Cultural Monuments of Exceptional Importance ( Serbia )
Former churches in Serbia
Langenberg Wildlife Park ( ) is a zoo situated in the municipality of Langnau am Albis in the Sihl Valley to the south of the city of Zürich in Switzerland . The wildlife park now forms part of the Zürich Wilderness Park .
The park was founded in 1869 by the Zürich city forester Carl Anton Ludwig von Orelli , making it the oldest Swiss wildlife park . In 2009 , the management of the Langenberg Wildlife Park was combined with that of the nearby Sihlwald forest , to form the Zürich Wilderness Park .
Langenberg is home to 16 native or formerly native animals such as bears , beavers , elk , hare , lynxes , wild boar , and wolves . In 2012 , European bison and Przewalski 's horse were introduced to the park .
The wildlife park can be reached via the Wildpark-Höfli railway station , served by service S4 of the Zurich S-Bahn .
References
External links
Pages on the wildlife park from the Wildnispark Zürich web site ( in German )
Langnau am Albis
Zoos established in 1869
Zoos in Switzerland
1869 establishments in Switzerland
Articles needing infobox zoo
Wildlife parks
The Rossi Model 972 is a stainless-steel , 6-shot , double-action revolver , chambered in .357 Magnum . It was manufactured by Rossi Firearms of Brazil .
References
External links
Listing on Rossi site
Owner 's Manual
Rossi Firearms
Revolvers of Brazil
Passion Flower Hotel ( also known as Leidenschaftliche Blümchen , also known as Boarding School ) is a 1978 coming of age comedy film directed by André Farwagi . It is a liberal adaptation of the 1962 novel Passion Flower Hotel and stars Nastassja Kinski as one of the schoolgirls , in her third feature film .
Plot
Summer of 1956 . Curious American girl Deborah Collins ( Kinski ) arrives at the St. Clara 's Boarding School in Switzerland . The school headmistress wants to use Deborah as a tool to discipline the other girls but she is revealed to be more experienced and daring in sexual matters . The girls now plot to lose their virginity with the boys in the private school across the lake . After Deborah finally has sex with Frederick Sinclair ( Sundquist ) in a romantic setting , she is expelled and the other girls feel that everything will be so sad and boring without her . She informs the headmistress that she will tell everyone that the school is run by disreputable teachers if she expels the other girls . She departs on a train after kissing Frederick goodbye .
Cast
Nastassja Kinski - Deborah Collins
Gerry Sundquist - Frederick Irving Benjamin Sinclair
Stefano D'Amato - Plumpudding
Gabriele Blum - Cordelia
Sean Chapman - Rodney
Veronique Delbourg - Marie Louise
Nigel Graves - Carlos
Marion Kracht - Jane
Carolin Ohrner - Gabi
Fabiana Udenio - Gina
Kurt Raab - Fletcher
References
External links
1978 films
1978 comedy films
1970s coming-of-age comedy films
German coming-of-age comedy films
German teen films
1970s German-language films
West German films
Films about virginity
Films set in Switzerland
Films set in 1956
Films based on British novels
Films set in schools
Boarding school films
Films scored by Francis Lai
1970s German films
Kökez is a village in the Burdur district of Burdur Province in Turkey .
References
Villages in Burdur District
The Gerber is an open-faced sandwich made in St. Louis , Missouri . The Gerber consists of a half section of Italian or French bread , spread with garlic butter and topped with ham and Provel cheese ( the original sandwich was made with provolone ) , seasoned with a sprinkling of paprika and then toasted .
The `` Gerber Special '' was first made by the local family-owned Ruma 's Deli , and named after their customer and next-store-neighbor , Dick Gerber . Mr. Gerber owned a tire store next to Ruma 's Deli in the Covington Manor strip center , and the Rumas would allow him to create his own sandwich in their kitchen for a small fee . Dee and Tom Ruma were so impressed with the sandwich he concocted one day that they added the sandwich to the menu in 1973 . The sandwich has been duplicated by many other St. Louis restaurants .
See also
St. Louis cuisine
Garlic bread
Open sandwich
Croque-monsieur
Ham and cheese sandwich
Panino
Zapiekanka
List of American sandwiches
List of sandwiches
References
American sandwiches
Cheese sandwiches
Cuisine of St. Louis
Italian-American cuisine
Cuisine of the Midwestern United States
Pork sandwiches
Open-faced sandwiches
The province of Kurdistan ( also known as Ardalan ; ) was a western province of Safavid Iran , whose size varied throughout its existence due to political and military developments .
History
In 1508 , the local rulers of Kurdistan acknowledged the suzerainty of the Safavids .
Kurdistan was one of the five velayats of the Safavid realm , and was ruled by a vali ( viceroy ) , who was nearly an independent governor . The valis generally belonged to prominent local families , and were officially chosen by the shah as a compromise of regional autonomy . Nevertheless , they ruled in a hereditary manner . In rare occasions a vali was appointed to a velayat he had no connection to . This could possibly cause issues , such as in the 1680s Kurdistan , where a non-Kurdish vali chosen by Shah Soleyman ( ) was chased out by the locals . The position of vali of Kurdistan was held by the Ardalan dynasty , the leading power amongst the Kurdish confederations . Avaliable records suggest that before the 17th-century , the Safavids rarely intervened in the succession of the Ardalan governors . However , they did occasionally support one claimant against another .
The size of Kurdistan and autonomy of the Ardalan valis decreased after the Iranian–Ottoman Treaty of Zohab in 1639 . The western half of Kurdistan was ceded to the Ottomans , which included Shahrezur , Qaradagh , Qezelja , Sarutchek , Kirkuk , Rawandez , Emayideh , Koy , Harir and the western portion of Avraman . The extent of Kurdistan was thus now restricted to that of Sanandaj , Marivan , eastern Avraman , Baneh , Saqqeh , Javanrud , and some of the Jaf confederacy . This also led to the downfall of the Kurdish principalities of Shahrezur and Dinavar .
Near the collapse of the Safavid state , Kurdistan was composed of the following administrative jurisdictions ( also referred to as subordinate governorships ) : Avraman , Baneh , Bakhtiyari , Javanrud , Khorkhoreh , and Lorestan-e Feyli .
List of governors
This is a list of the known figures who governed Kurdistan or parts of it . Beglerbeg , hakem and vali were all administrative titles designating the governor .
References
Sources
Kurdistan
16th century in Iran
17th century in Iran
18th century in Iran
Kurdistan
History of Kurdistan Province
Trefor is a hamlet in the community of Bodffordd , Anglesey , Wales , which is 136 miles ( 218.9 km ) from Cardiff and 219.6 miles ( 353.4 km ) from London .
References
See also
List of localities in Wales by population
Villages in Anglesey
Hamlets in Wales
The Volkswagen Westfalia Camper was a conversion of the Volkswagen Type 2 , and then , the Volkswagen Type 2 ( T3 ) , sold from the early 1950s to 2003 . Volkswagen subcontracted the modifications to the company Westfalia-Werke in Rheda-Wiedenbrück .
Types
Early Volkswagen split-windshield Kombis were built between 1950 and 1967 . Production of Volkswagen camper variants continued to 2003 , and was based on the Kombi , then the Vanagon , then the LT Mk 1 , then the Transporter . Other coachbuilders , including Dormobile , EZ Camper , ASI/Riviera , Holdsworth , Danbury Motorcaravans , and VW Sun-Dial , also built campers based on the Transporter .
Models
Between 1951 and August 1958 , approximately 1,000 Camper Box conversions were made by Westfalia , official builder of Volkswagen camper conversions . In August 1958 , the SO ( , German for `` special model '' ) models were introduced .
Westfalia special models included the SO-23 , -33 -34 , -35 , -42 , -44 , and -45 .
Westfalia Campers were available from Volkswagen dealers worldwide and were also delivered via the Tourist Delivery Program — whereby a customer would pick up their new van in Germany , drive it in Europe , then VW would ship it to the customer 's home . Many Volkswagen Campers were purchased by American servicemen and sent home in the 1950s and 1960s .
From 1979 until 1992 Westfalia Vanagon were built , also called VW Campmobile .
Standard equipment
Various foldout seat arrangements for sleeping
Birch plywood interior panels
Laminated plywood cabinetry for storage
Ice box or cold-box
Sink ( some models )
Water storage and pump
Electrical hookups
Curtains
Screened jalousie ( Venetian blind ) windows
Laminated folding table
Optional equipment
Attached `` pop up '' tops with canvas/screen sides
Awnings and side tents
A portable chemical toilet
A camping stove
Various camping equipment
Child sleeping cot in driver cab
Storage box which matches interior panels .
Rear swing table
Small map table mounted on dash
Automatic Transmission ( beginning in the 1970s )
Air conditioning ( dealer installed ) ( from 1954 )
Awnings and side tents
A number of tent and side awning designs were available as extra-cost additions . Collectors often have difficulty determining whether one of these options was specifically available from and for Westfalia models , or were developed and sold by other camper conversion vendors such as ASI/Riviera and Sundial . ASI built camper tops for the VW Vanagon out of Seattle , WA . They were used on US and Canadian imported VW 's only .
SO-22 `` camping box '' Period ( 1952–58 ) . During this period no tent per se was available from Westfalia , but one could obtain a striped canvas awning that stretched almost the length of the vehicle , and extended about six feet out to the side . The awning frame seems to be similar to that of the SO-23 period large tent described below . This earliest of Westfalia tents is shown on the cover of the July , 1955 issue of Popular Mechanics and in a 1956 brochure that describes it as `` a large , colorful side awning . ''
SO-23 deluxe camper ( 1958–1965 ) . Two tent options were available during this period . One was similar to the 1952–1958 awning , with the addition of removable side curtains , and the other was a small vestibule or foyer that only covered the side door area . These had no names other than `` large tent '' and `` small tent , '' and the larger one seems to have been available with and without a bathroom as described below .
The small tent , available in either red/white or blue/gray stripes , was less popular and thus is less often seen today . It consists of a single piece of heavy canvas , with a strip of vinyl along the bottom acting as a reinforcement and splash guard . It fits over the side-door opening ( and has a gap for one leg of the roof rack ) as a sort of foyer or vestibule . It 's big enough for two adults to stand inside , but little else , and was probably intended as a means of getting in and out of the camper in cold or wet weather .
The stripes are about four inches wide . The tent itself is about four feet wide by three feet deep , and inside headroom is well over six feet . A long white zipper runs up the middle of the front , while the back is open and contoured to fit the bus . The frame consists of four metal poles which fit into pockets inside the top of the tent and lock together to form a square . Legs on two of the poles fit into brackets which were bolted to the camper 's roof . Two additional poles dogleg into the top frame and have small chain-hooks to hold the doors open . The lower ends of these poles fit into holes in the jack supports . Rubber grommets help protect the paint on the doors and the jack points . The lower edge of the tent is secured to the ground with about a dozen metal stakes . Each stake is about six inches long and is formed from hardened 1/4 '' rods with a loop at one end . Two storage bags made of ( usually matching ) canvas with leather straps are supplied for the tent and poles .
The large tent , probably a revision of the SO-22 awning model , has also been called the `` privy tent '' because most models seen today have a bathroom in the rear side wall . This is a zippered , metre-square room that sticks out toward the back , and is held up by telescoping poles and guy ropes . Open grommets are placed near the top for ventilation .
This tent is most often seen in a yellow/blue-grey stripe , but were also available in red/white , orange/blue , orange/white , and green/white . The tent 's frame mounts to brackets on the roof and bumpers . The front bumper mount is a flat plate of steel bent into an open S or Z shape . Tent poles are steel , either black or grey , around 2 cm in diameter , and there are fourteen sections that must be assembled to create a rectangular , peaked awning with support rods leading to the bumpers . Once the awning has been set up , curtains can be attached to the three outer sides ( with Tenax lift-the-dot fasteners ) to achieve a weatherproof - though windowless and floorless - portable shelter . Leather straps secure the sidewalls to the support poles , and stakes hold the bottom edges down as with the small tent . An additional set of poles and stakes were available to permit the outer flap to be extended horizontally as a second awning , resulting in a large shaded space on the side of the bus .
The framed tent ( 1965–1967 ) . This is the largest and most colorful of the Westfalia side tents . It 's different from the earlier small and large awning-based tents in two important ways : the addition of large , screened windows on the side curtains , and a free-standing frame that allows the tent to be left at the campsite while the bus is driven away for groceries or side trips . The tent also has a rear door that can be zipped closed at such times . Both front and rear flaps can be rolled up and held open by cloth ties or ( on later models ) straps with lift-the-dot fasteners .
This is the final Westfalia tent produced for the Split-windshield bus and is arguably the most collectible version ; its tents alone , in good condition , have been sold for well over US $ 1,000 .
Early bay-window tent . When Volkswagen transitioned to the bay-window or breadloaf model with large , single curved windshield and sliding side door , the Westfalia camper was modified to include an angled poptop . This design provided space for a large child 's cot overhead , and on later models , the poptop was further enlarged to fit a full bed large enough for two adults .
The add-on side tent underwent a complete redesign . The new model ( referred to in publicity materials as an Add-a-Room tent or a Motent ) superficially resembles the late Split-windshield 's framed tent in general shape and colors , but is otherwise quite different . For one , the tent 's frame is now external , with the canvas supported by elastic loops and plastic hooks , somewhat like a shower curtain . Instead of a single opening front panel , there is a zippered screen door in the middle of the front ( side away from the bus ) with a small awning flap that can be lowered for wind and rain protection . This tent also features a waterproof floor , and the attachment method on the vehicle side results in a securely closable shelter ( i.e. , no more gap below the bus floor ) .
Other WV tents : Various websites ( see links in References section ) provide information about other Westfalia ( and otherwise VW-supplied ) tents , as well as aftermarket tents supplied by other manufacturers , in the Vanagon and Transporter/Eurovan periods ( 1980 to present ) .
Identification
M-Codes are used to identify the vehicle factory options . Beginning in 1958 , a metal plate was riveted to the back of the right front seat . The plate lists the date of manufacture , and various options that were incorporated into the vehicle .
The information included the date of manufacture , the option codes , the export destination , model number and paint finish ( typically a durable finish referred to as Nitro-Lacquer ) , the paint color codes and the VIN or serial number .
M-Code plate
This plate is located behind the front right rear seat on Volkswagen Buses through 1976 . In 1977 , the location was moved to sit atop the air duct on the left side , just above the fuse panel .
Options
Many factory and aftermarket options exist for these campers . Owners of Camping Vans and many Volkswagen clubs manage websites detailing these vehicles and their accessories .
The Volkswagen Camper has become something of an icon in British and American culture , as a symbol of hippy and surf culture that grew in the mid-to-late 1960s .
See also
Bedford Dormobile
Volkswagen California
References
External links
The Westfalia Joker
Pictures of the former Westfalia Museum in Rheda Wiedenbrück
Westfalia.org - A resource for Westfalia camper-van owners and enthusiasts since 1995
Camping equipment
Westfalia Campers
Recreational vehicle manufacturers
SMS Adler was a gunboat of the Imperial German Navy . She was launched 3 November 1883 in the Imperial shipyard in Kiel . On 5 September 1888 , she shelled Manono Island and Apolima , Samoa , which were strongholds of Malietoa 's forces . She was wrecked together with the German gunboat , the German corvette , the United States Navy gunboat , the U.S. Navy screw steamer , and the U.S. Navy sloop-of-war on 16 March 1889 in a hurricane at Apia , Samoa , during the Samoan crisis . Twenty crew members lost their lives .
Propulsion
4-cylinder double-expansion steam engine
Coal-fired boilers
Speed :
Armament
5 × built-up guns
5 × revolver guns
References
Bibliography
Erich Gröner , Panzerschiffe , Linienschiffe , Schlachtschiffe , Flugzeugträger , Kreuzer , Kanonenboote = Die deutschen Kriegsschiffe , 1815-1945 Vol.I , Bernard & Graefe , 1982 , , pp . 166–167
Further reading
See also
1889 Apia cyclone
Gunboats of the Imperial German Navy
Shipwrecks of Samoa
History of Samoa
Maritime incidents in 1889
1883 ships
Ships built in Kiel
Gunboats of Germany
The smoky-fronted tody-flycatcher ( Poecilotriccus fumifrons ) is a species of bird in the family Tyrannidae , and one of twelve in the genus Poecilotriccus . It is found in Brazil , French Guiana , and Suriname . Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests .
References
smoky-fronted tody-flycatcher
Birds of the Guianas
Birds of Brazil
smoky-fronted tody-flycatcher
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Czech Republic has qualified send athletes to the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , from 7 September to 18 September 2016 .
Funding
One source of funding and support for the Czech Republic 's Paralympic efforts through to the Rio Games is a local partnership with Allianz .
Disability classifications
Every participant at the Paralympics has their disability grouped into one of five disability categories ; amputation , the condition may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness ; cerebral palsy ; wheelchair athletes , there is often overlap between this and other categories ; visual impairment , including blindness ; Les autres , any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories , for example dwarfism or multiple sclerosis . Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications , dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition . Events are given a code , made of numbers and letters , describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing . Some sports , such as athletics , divide athletes by both the category and severity of their disabilities , other sports , for example swimming , group competitors from different categories together , the only separation being based on the severity of the disability .
Archery
David Drahoninsky earned Czech Republic a spot at the Rio Games following his performance at the 2015 World Archery Para Championships . He qualified the country after winning the W1 men 's competition . He will go to Rio as the reigning silver medalist and after having won gold at the 2008 Games
Cycling
With one pathway for qualification being one highest ranked NPCs on the UCI Para-Cycling male and female Nations Ranking Lists on 31 December 2014 , the Czech Republic qualified for the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio , assuming they continued to meet all other eligibility requirements .
Equestrian
The country earned an individual slot via the Para Equestrian Individual Ranking List Allocation method .
Sailing
One pathway for qualifying for Rio involved having a boat have top seven finish at the 2015 Combined World Championships in a medal event where the country had nor already qualified through via the 2014 IFDS Sailing World Championships . Austria qualified for the 2016 Games under these criteria in the 2.4m event with a fourteenth-place finish overall and the fourth country who had not qualified via the 2014 Championships . The boat was crewed by Daniel Bina .
Swimming
The top two finishers in each Rio medal event at the 2015 IPC Swimming World Championships earned a qualifying spot for their country for Rio . Bela Trebinova earned the Czech Republic a spot after winning silver in the Women 's 50m Backstroke S5 .
See also
Czech Republic at the 2016 Summer Olympics
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
2016 in Czech sport
Dragon Age : Deception is a three-issue heroic fantasy comic book limited series published by Dark Horse Comics and released between January and March 2020 . The series was co-written by Nunzio DeFilippis and Christina Weir , with artwork by Fernando Heinz Furukawa . The series takes place after the events of the 2017 miniseries Dragon Age : Knight Errant and features appearances from its protagonists , Ser Aaron Hawthorne and Vaea , as well as Dorian Pavus , a major character from Dragon Age : Inquisition . Deception follows a con artist named Olivia Pryde , who crosses paths with another con artist in the Tevinter city of Ventus , which is on the brink of war .
The series has received a generally positive reception from critics , who praised the overall quality of the artwork , character writing , and narrative .
Plot
The story opens with Olivia Pryde , a failed actress turned con artist , as she prepares her disguise as a Magister in Ventus , a city in the Tevinter Imperium . At a tavern , she targets Calix , a young man she believes to be the scion of the reclusive Magister Qintara , only to discover that he is also a con-artist like herself albeit with less experience . Following a confrontation , Olivia and Calix agree to cooperate in targeting a pair of siblings , Francesca and Florian Invidus , but their competitiveness undermines their ruse and forces them to flee from the Invidus ' guards . The pair , along with Olivia 's pet Mabari hound Autumn , run into Ser Aaron , a former lover and mark of Olivia who offers them protection from their pursuers by his friend , the Magister Dorian Pavus . In exchange , Aaron secures their cooperation to assist his squire Vaea to break into the Qintara estate and retrieve the red lyrium that was previously stolen from the city-state of Kirkwall during the events of Knight Errant , as Ventus is on the verge of an invasion by the Qunari .
Publication
The Knight Errant series was first announced by Dark Horse Comics on June 29 , 2018 , along with a preview of the comic 's first cover . Like , Knight Errant , Deception features new lead characters who have not appeared in previous media . Polygon offered a preview of the comic 's first six pages , interior art , and story .
Deception is the second Dragon Age comic book series by the same creative team as Knight Errant , which consists of husband and wife writing team Nunzio DeFilippis and Christina Weir , artist by Fernando Heinz Furukawa , colorist Michael Atiyeh , and cover artist Sachin Teng . DeFilippis is the Chair of the New York Film Academy ( NYFA ) Los Angeles Screenwriting Department and Dean of Faculty , while Weir is an instructor at NYFA . Though the writers regularly produce fictional writings through their creator-owned books , they have since become regular collaborators to the Dragon Age media franchise , beginning with Knight Errant . Prior to the commencement of their work on Deception , the writers were instructed by BioWare 's Dragon Age writing team on how the story world would progress going forward , and decided to seed a major piece of emerging lore in its story to advance BioWare 's creative direction and shape the franchise 's overarching narrative .
Describing Dragon Age as an established universe with `` its own history , characters , and fan-base '' , the writers had the opportunity to utilize their own central characters alongside fan-favorite characters like Dorian Pavus , who play a small but important role in the plot of Deception .
The writers noted during an interview that it was easier to write for Knight Errant compared to Deception , as the former consists of five issues , which allowed the writers more space to properly develop story arcs . The writers described their creative process as painting on a bigger canvas made up of the franchise 's individual mini-series as components for their storytelling , a `` long quest '' which began with Knight Errant .
Release
The Deception mini-series consist of three issues , all of which have been released digitally on Dark Horse 's official website . All three issues were collected and released as a trade paperback graphic novel , pending release on March , 2019 .
Reception
The series as a whole holds a score of 8.3 out of 10 on comics review aggregator Comic Book Roundup , indicating generally favorable reviews , based on 8 reviews by critics of individual issues . Caitlin Rosberg from Paste Magazine praised the return of the same creative team from Knight Errant , as in her view it `` builds confidence that the story will be as sharp , engaging and fun as they do so again '' .
Rollin Bishop from Comicbook.com positively reviewed all three issues of Deception and suggested that it may have been the best Dragon Age comic book series to date . He observed that Deception drew elements from previous series in a manner that feels natural , while offering newer perspectives , questions and implications , although the first issue 's initial premise of con artists was thin in his view . Bishop found that its second issue demonstrated that the series was the fastest among previous Dragon Age comic book series when transitioning between plot points to reach the mystery at the plot 's core , and that it successfully plays off established characters with new ones . Bishop felt that the conclusion of the series by its third issue demonstrated that a three-issue arc was the appropriate length , praising each panel 's pacing , the overall plot , and the manner in which the characters could engage the reader .
Multiversity Comics praised the series for its characters and dialogue . Both Rowan Grover and Laura Merrill from Multiversity Comics lauded Olivia Pryde as a good leading character for Deception . Grover liked how she is set up as an relatable and strong character by the writers of Deception . Merrill in particular liked how Deception `` elegantly walks the line between comedy and tragedy with a complicated hero '' , and felt that the writers convincingly constructed a good example of a deeply flawed anti-hero archetype who achieves redemption in the end . When summarizing the Dragon Age comic series from the 2010 's , Merrill considered Deception to be one of the best , primarily due to its depiction of its doomed protagonist , Olivia Pryde , as a female protagonist with agency who could keep readers absorbed and engaged in her actions .
The series ' artwork and its attention to detail has received unanimous praise from commentators . Describing artist Fernando Heinz Furukawa 's style as `` Arthur Adams vibes with a little bit of Shonen manga mixed in '' , Grover lauded the `` nicely detailed art that is expressive and human , yet fluid and fast-paced at the same time '' , praised Furukawa 's skill at crafting `` capable dynamic facial expressions '' to complement the dialogue . Rosberg thought Furukawa managed to bring new life to established Dragon Age characters . Grover praised the color work by Mike Atiyeh for its `` fresh , bright palette '' , which gives a `` coastal and fresh feel '' to Deception . Sachin Teng 's cover art for the first two issues of the series was praised by Steven Foxe from Paste . Bishop is particularly impressed with Teng 's work , and remarked that the first issue 's `` cover alone might be worth the price '' .
Sequel
Deception is followed by Dragon Age : Blue Wraith with the same creative team . Blue Wraith continues the overarching narrative and character arcs introduced in Knight Errant and Deception , and also incorporates returning characters from Dragon Age II and Dragon Age : Magekiller .
Sources
External links
Dragon Age : Deception on the official Dark Horse website
Comics based on video games
Fantasy comics
Deception
Works based on Electronic Arts video games
The Skawahlook First Nation , formerly the Tait Indian Band is a band government of the Sto : lo people whose reserves and communities are located in the Upper Fraser Valley region of British Columbia , Canada , near the community of Ruby Creek , which is at the eastern end of the District of Kent . It is a member government of the Sto : lo Nation tribal council , one of two tribal councils of the Sto : lo . Total registered population of the band is 75 people , 59 of them living off-reserve .
Indian Reserves
Indian Reserves under the jurisdiction of the Skawahlook First Nation are :
Pekw'Xe : yles ( Peckquaylis ) 10.30 ha . ( in Mission , shared with 20 other bands )
Ruby Creek Indian Reserve No . 2 , 16.60 ha .
Skawahlook Indian Reserve No . 1 , 58.30 ha .
References
Sto : lo governments
First Nations governments in the Lower Mainland
Ozyory ( ) , also spelled Ozery , is the name of several inhabited localities in Russia .
Ozyory , Moscow Oblast , a town in Moscow Oblast , administratively incorporated as a town under oblast jurisdiction
Ozery , Tver Oblast , a village in Zharkovsky District of Tver Oblast
See also
Aziory , Populated places in Belarus , whose Russian-language name is Ozyory
Mouth Moods is the third mashup album by American musician and comedian Neil Cicierega released in 2017 . Like his previous mashup albums Mouth Sounds and Mouth Silence , its source material is primarily Top 40 hits from the late 20th and early 21st centuries . Samples from Smash Mouth 's `` All Star '' return , after being absent outside of Easter eggs in Mouth Silence . A fourth installment to the Mouth series , Mouth Dreams , was released in 2020 .
Reception
Mouth Moods was praised for being `` just as compelling '' as its predecessors , as well as for its usage of various songs in pop culture history , as well as its `` enhanced orchestral scope '' over the previous two albums .
The album includes the innuendo-filled track `` Bustin '' , based on the Ray Parker Jr. song `` Ghostbusters '' , which became a viral hit . The publication OC Weekly stated that it was `` [ a ] bsolutely brilliant how an entirely new track can be created from the original elements while still containing its fun vibe . '' As of June 19 , 2022 , the album has over 1,580,000 listens on SoundCloud .
Track listing
Outtakes
On February 23 , 2017 , Cicierega released five outtakes from Mouth Moods through YouTube .
On September 18 , 2017 , Cicierega posted two additional outtakes , `` Who '' and `` Party Rangers '' .
References
External links
Mouth Moods on Internet Archive
Mashup albums
Smash Mouth
2017 mixtape albums
2017 remix albums
Barenaked Ladies
Neil Cicierega remix albums
British S-class submarine may refer to :
British S-class submarine ( 1914 ) , three submarines launched in 1914–1915 and transferred to the Italian Navy in 1915
British S-class submarine ( 1931 ) , sixty-two submarines launched in the 1930s and 1940s
Barf Riz ( , also Romanized as Barf Rīz ) is a village in Fazl Rural District , in the Central District of Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 26 , in 13 families .
See also
List of cities , towns and villages in Razavi Khorasan Province
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Michela Cava ( born March 26 , 1994 ) is a Canadian ice hockey player , currently playing in the Zhenskaya Hockey League ( ZhHL ) with the KRS Vanke Rays .
Playing career
Along with goaltender Danika Ranger , Cava is one of only two players to have won a gold medal at the Esso Cup , Canada 's National Female Midget Championship and the U18 Canadian women 's nationals . Cava was the first , winning the Esso Cup with the Thunder Bay Queens in 2010 and with Team Ontario Red at the 2011 nationals .
NCAA
At the NCAA level , Cava spent her first two seasons with the University of Connecticut Huskies . Prior to her junior season , she transferred to the University of Minnesota Duluth to join the Minnesota Duluth Bulldogs women 's ice hockey program . In her final NCAA season , she recorded 38 points in 37 contests , including 12 multi-point games .
Professional
Cava was selected by the Toronto Furies in the third round of the 2016 CWHL Draft . She made her debut on October 14 against the Boston Blades . Cava recorded a five-game scoring streak , starting on October 30 and lasting until November 20 . She was selected to compete in the 2017 CWHL All-Star Game .
After just one year in Toronto , Cava left the league to move to Sweden , signing with Modo Hockey in the SDHL . She would score 55 points in 36 games in her first season in Sweden , leading Modo in points and finishing 5th in the league in scoring . The next year , she would score 64 points , finishing the season as the SDHL 's leading scorer .
In 2019 , Cava left Modo to sign with Brynäs in Gävle , seeking a new challenge and wanting to move to a bigger city . She would score 45 points in 36 games for Brynäs , finishing fourth in club scoring , as the club advanced to the SDHL semi-finals for the first time in seven years . She would sign with Luleå ahead of the 2020–21 SDHL season .
On October 6 , 2021 , Cava signed with the Toronto Six of the Premier Hockey Federation .
Career statistics
Sources :
Awards and honours
Most Valuable Player at the 2012 Esso Cup
CWHL First Star of the Game ( October 16 , 2016 )
CWHL Second Star of the Game ( October 30 , 2016 )
SDHL Top-scorer , 2018-19 season
References
1994 births
Living people
Canadian women 's ice hockey players
Ice hockey people from Ontario
Sportspeople from Thunder Bay
Shenzhen KRS Vanke Rays players
Luleå HF/MSSK players
Brynäs IF Dam players
Modo Hockey Dam players
Toronto Furies players
Minnesota Duluth Bulldogs women 's ice hockey players
UConn Huskies women 's ice hockey players
Canadian expatriate ice hockey players in Russia
Canadian expatriate ice hockey players in Sweden
Canadian expatriate ice hockey players in the United States
Marie Steichen ( died September 2006 ) was a Democratic politician from Woonsocket , South Dakota , who gained fame for winning a local election two months after dying of cancer . In the general election of November 7 , 2006 she defeated , by a vote of 100 to 64 , the incumbent Republican candidate Merlin Feistner for the post of commissioner of Jerauld County in the U.S. state of South Dakota .
This was the first time she had stood for election for political office . She and her husband Harold lived on a farm south of Lane , South Dakota . In the primary election , she had defeated Rick Easton of Wessington Springs by just one vote , 22–21 .
See also
Mel Carnahan
References
Year of birth missing
2006 deaths
Deaths from cancer in South Dakota
Women in South Dakota politics
People from Jerauld County , South Dakota
South Dakota Democrats
21st-century American politicians
21st-century American women politicians
People from Woonsocket , South Dakota
Bessie Turner is an English singer , songwriter and musician from Suffolk .
Beginnings
Turner was raised in Eye , Suffolk , where she attended Hartismere School . She was given her first guitar by her grandfather when she was 11 years old and began performing her own songs live when she was 18 .
2017–present
In 2017 , Turner began working with musician Benjamin Ward and producer George Perks , recording music for the first time at The Crypt Studios in London . She released her debut single `` Big Sleep '' in April 2017 on Do n't Try Records . Shortly after its online release , the song was picked up by BBC 's Introducing in Suffolk , making its way onto Huw Stephens ' show on BBC Radio 1 and Tom Robinson 's BBC 6 Music Mixtape . A live session for BBC Introducing was aired a week after the singles release , which led to Turner 's invitation to play the Latitude Festival 2017 .
Turner 's second single , `` Words You Say '' , received its radio premiere from Jo Whiley on BBC Radio 2 in September 2017 . The single went on to be played by various DJ 's across BBC Radio 1 , BBC Radio 2 , and BBC Radio 6 Music . In December 2017 , Turner and her band performed a live session at BBC Maida Vale Studios for Jo Wiley 's BBC Radio 2 show .
Turner 's third single , `` In My Room '' , and debut EP `` 22:22 '' , were released in April 2018 on Do n't Try Records . Turner and her band performed their own run of headline shows in the UK and mainland Europe , as well as selected dates with Baxter Dury . Summer 2018 saw Turner headline the BBC Introducing Stage at both Latitude Festival and Reading and Leeds . In July 2018 she appeared live on BBC Radio 2 's The Zoe Ball Show .
Turner 's fourth single , `` Nino '' , was released in October 2018 . It was a collaborative release between Do n't Try and Lab Records , with a limited edition run of 7 '' vinyls available via Do n't Try 's website .
In 2021 , Turner released the first single from the Rushing EP , `` Rushing '' on her new label Luna Sky Recordings .
In June 2022 Turner released a new song called “ It Was Nothing ” which was described by Jana Jade Williams for When The Horn Blows as “ jam-packed with drilling percussion , angelic vocals , and soft harmonies. ” Turner noted “ It 's about the loss of friendships and me trying to find peace and reason in a situation . ”
Discography
EP 's
2018 : 22:22
2021 : Themed Nights
Singles
2018 : Nino
2019 : Down 2
2020 : Stones
2020 : Donkey
2021 : Rushing
2021 : Stranger Things
2021 : Opaque
2022 : It Was Nothing
References
External links
English women singer-songwriters
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
People from Eye , Suffolk
Roger Heim ( February 12 , 1900 – September 17 , 1979 ) was a French botanist specialising in mycology and tropical phytopathology . He was known for his studies describing the anatomy of the mushroom hymenium , the systematics and phylogeny of higher fungi ( especially the related genera Lactarius and Russula , the Russulales and Secotium ) , the mycology of tropical fungi such as Termitomyces , as well as ethnomycological work on hallucinogenic fungi , like Psilocybe and Stropharia . In his career , he published over 560 articles , scientific reviews , and major works in fields like botany , chemistry , education , forestry , horticulture , liberal arts , medicine and zoology .
Career
After his secondary education at the Chaptal high school , his father , who was a state railway engineer , pushed him to join the Central School of Arts and Manufactures ( `` Centrale '' ) , one of the oldest and most prestigious engineering schools in France . At the same time he attended the cryptogamy laboratory of the National Museum of Natural History , he entered Centrale in 1920 and followed a course in chemical engineering , certainly because this path would enable him , once he had obtained his diploma , to take up the biology course . He became secretary of the Botanical Society of France in 1922 , and graduated from the Ecole Centrale in 1923 . Once his father 's requirements were met , he returned to his original vocation and obtained a degree in natural sciences in 1924 . He then became curator at the Institut botanique du Lautaret . From 1926 onwards , he was in charge of a series of botanical missions that would take him throughout Europe and Africa .
After a stint at the Pasteur Institute , Roger Heim became assistant to Professor Louis Mangin , holder of the chair of cryptogamy at the National Museum of Natural History , and in 1931 he defended a doctoral thesis on the Inocybe genus . In 1933 , he was appointed deputy director of the National Museum of Natural History cryptogamy laboratory . In 1936 , he created the Revue de mycologie . President of the Society of Plant Pathology and Agricultural Entomology of France in 1936 , he was appointed Secretary of the National Committee for the Protection of Nature in the Overseas Territories of France in 1938 . He developed an interest in tropical mycology , tropical plant pathology and termite mound fungi in Black Africa .
When the Second World War broke out , Roger Heim joined the resistance . Denounced , he was deported to the Buchenwald concentration camp in Germany , then to the Mauthausen concentration camp and then to the Gusen concentration camp in Austria , where he endured fourteen months of cruelty . He went on to become the director of the French National Museum of Natural History , a post he held from 1951 to 1965 . He involved the Museum in the conservation of nature , as he was a precursor about the environmental concern while , at this time , most of the biologists only cared about science but not about the biodiversity loss . In this period of time , he presided the 8th International Botanical Congress held in Paris in 1954 . He was President of IUCN , the International Union for Conservation of Nature , from 1954 to 1958 .
Among the many awards Heim received in his lifetime , he was a Grand Officier de la Légion d'Honneur and Commandeur de l'Ordre des Arts et des Lettres .
Heim studied with ethnomycologist R. Gordon Wasson in Mexico , where he collected and identified various species of family Strophariaceae and genus Psilocybe . Heim was able to later cultivate most of the hallucinogenic mushroom in his laboratory . Albert Hofmann at Sandoz Laboratories in Basle , Switzerland , later isolated and characterized the compounds psilocybin and psilocin .
He was also a member of the French Académie d'agriculture and the Académie d'architecture .
He was awarded the Darwin-Wallace Medal in 1958 and appointed an Honorary Member of the Mycological Society of America in 1973 .
Major publications
1931 . Le genre Inocybe , Encycl . Mycol . 1 . 432 p .
1938 . Les Lactario-Russulés du domaine oriental de Madagascar . 196 p .
1947 . La sombre route ( Souvenir des Camps de Concentration Nazis ) . 280 p .
1948 . Les Champignons . Tableaux d'un Monde Étrange . 143 p .
1952 . Destruction et Protection de la Nature . 224 p .
1955 . Un Naturaliste Autour du Monde . 207 p .
1957 . Les Champignons d'Europe , vol . 1 . 327 p
vol . 2 . 572 p .
1969 . 2nd ed . as one vol. , 680 p .
1958 . ( with R. Gordon Wasson ) . Les champignons hallucinogènes du Mexique . Paris : Editions du Museum National d'Histoire Naturelle .
1963 . Les Champignons Toxiques et Hallucinogènes . Paris : Boubée & Cie. 320 p .
2nd rev . ed in 1978 . Société des Éditions Boubée . 270 p .
1973 . L'angoisse de l'an 2000 . 398 p .
1977 . Termites et Champignons : Les champignons termitophiles d'Afrique Noire et d'Asie méridionale . 207 p .
Articles on psychotropic mushrooms
Heim R , Brack A , Kobel H , Hofmann A , Cailleux R. ( 1958 ) . Déterminisme de la formation des carpophores et des sclèrotes dans la culture du Psilocybe mexicana Heim , Agaric hallucinogène du Mexique , et mise en évidence de la psilocybine et de la psilocin . Compt . rend . Acad . Sc . 246 : 1346-1351 .
Heim R , Hofmann A . ( 1958 ) . Isolement de la Psilocybine à partir du Stropharia cubensis Earle et d'autres espèces de champignons hallucinogènes mexicains appartenant au genre Psilocybe . Compt . rend . Acad . sc . 247 : 557-561 .
Delay J , Pichot P , Lempérière T , Nicolas-Charles P , Heim R. ( 1958 ) . Effets psycho-physiologiques de la Psilocybine . Comptes rendus des séances de l'Académie des Sciences . 247 : 1235-1238 .
Hofmann A , Heim R , Brack A , Kobel H. ( 1958 ) . Psilocybin ein psychotroper Wirkstoff aus dem mexikanischen Rauschpilz . Rev . Mycologie . 22 : 17-21 .
Hofmann A , Heim R , Brack A , Kobel H. ( 1958 ) . La Psilocybine , Principe Actif Psychotrope Extrait Du Champignon Hallucinogène : Psilocybe mexicana Heim . Les champignons hallucinogènes du Mexique . p. 255-257 .
Heim R , Brack A , Kobel H , Hofmann A , Cailleux R. ( 1958 ) . Déterminisme de la formation des carpophores et des sclérotes dans la culture du Psilocybe mexicana Heim , Agaric hallucinogène du Mexique , et mise en évidence de la psilocybine et de la psilocine . Rev . Mycologie . 22 : 9-16 .
Heim R , Brack A , Kobel H , Hofmann A , Cailleux R. ( 1958 ) . Déterminisme de la formation des carpophores , et éventuellement des sclérotes , dans les cultures des agarics hallucinogènes du Mexique et mise en évidence de la psilocybine et de la psilocine . Let champignons hallucinogènes du Mexique . p. 247-254 .
Heim R , Hofmann A . ( 1958 ) . Isolement de la psilocybine à partir du Stropharia cubensis Earler et d'autres espèces de champignons hallucinogènes mexicains appartenant au genre Psilocybe . Rev . Mycologie . 22 : 24-28 .
Hofmann A , Heim R , Brack A , Kobel H , Frey A , Ott H , Petrzilka T , Troxler F. ( 1959 ) . Psilocybin und Psilocin , zwei psychotrope Wirkstoffe aus mexikanischen Rauschpilzen . Helv . chim . Acta . 42 : 1557-1572 .
Ola ' h , G-M , Heim RM . ( 1968 ) . Etude Chimiotaxinomique sur les Panaeolus . Recherches sur la présence des corps indoliques psychotropes dans ces champignons ” . Comptes Rendus Acad . Sc . 267 : 1369-1372 .
References
External links
French language encyclopaedia referenced at corresponding article on French Wikipedia
1900 births
1979 deaths
Presidents of the International Union for Conservation of Nature
20th-century French botanists
Tavakkolabad ( , also Romanized as Tavakkolābād ) is a village in Khursand Rural District , in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County , Kerman Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 69 , in 18 families .
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
The Northumbrian Small Pipes Society was founded in 1893 , by members of the Society of Antiquaries of Newcastle upon Tyne to promote interest in , and playing of Northumbrian smallpipes , and their music . As it only continued in existence for seven years , it is now regarded primarily as a short-lived precursor to the Northumbrian Pipers ' Society . However , despite its short life , it played a significant role , publishing the first tutor for the instrument , J. W. Fenwick 's Instruction Book for the Northumbrian Small-Pipes ( 1896 ) , holding regular meetings , and organising annual competitions . In 1894 and 1896-7 , the society published Transactions , as well as publishing an account of their Annual Meeting of 1897 . As well as Members , who paid an annual 5s . subscription , there was a category of Honorary Playing Members . Since the society 's records include the names and addresses of all members , of either kind , they have listed the names and addresses for 37 known pipers . Two articles in the Newcastle Courant , in April 1900 , gave an account of their Annual General Meeting , at the Literary and Philosophical Society , and referred to the society as flourishing , with 200 members , of whom almost half were pipers . Officers were elected for the following year ; however there is no subsequent record of any formal activity of the society , such as meetings or competitions . In 1906 , when the Cloughs played for King Edward VII at Alnwick Castle , an account of this in the Berwickshire News stated that the Northumbrian Small Pipes Society had done some good work in reviving interest , but that 'seven winters had passed without it giving any signs of life ' . This suggests that the society had been largely inactive for some time before its final AGM .
The same week as the final meeting , a group of pipers , including Henry Clough and Richard Mowat , organised a gathering of pipers and their friends at The Black Horse in Monkseaton , showing that pipers themselves had begun to organise events in parallel to the society ; the 1900 meeting was chaired by Walter Corder , secretary of the NSPS . This was the second such meeting , the first having been the previous May . These events were described as 'annual ' , but there are no subsequent newspaper accounts of these until an informal gathering there in 1906 .
Historical context
The late 19th century in Northumberland was a period of growing interest in Northumbrian music in general , and the music of the Northumbrian smallpipes in particular . In the 1850s , the Society of Antiquaries had started to collect tune and song manuscripts , and their Ancient Melodies Committee continued its work over the subsequent years . In the 1870s , that Society organised annual piping competitions , both to encourage pipers , and to reward the ablest among them . In 1882 , the Northumbrian Minstrelsy was published , placing some of their researches before a wider public , and the second part of this book was devoted specifically to smallpipe tunes . So by 1893 , the intellectual climate was ripe for the foundation of a society specifically devoted to the Northumbrian Smallpipes themselves .
Membership
A large group of the 26 Committee members , only one of whom , J. W. Fenwick , was an Honorary Playing Member , were related to one another , being members of the extended group of Foster , Spence , Corder , and Watson families ; a significant group of these were close neighbours in or near Rosella Place , a short Georgian terrace in North Shields . This Quaker family were descendants of Robert Foster , a close friend of Thomas Bewick . Although there is no direct evidence , it is very likely that Robert would have heard the piping of Thomas 's son Robert Bewick , and the family 's interest in piping , apparent across several generations , may well date from this time .
One significant member was the artist Joseph Crawhall II ( 1821–1896 ) , who had a deep interest in the culture and music of Northumberland , and had published A Beuk o ' Newcassell Sangs in 1888 . He had compiled a tunebook for the use of pipers , containing tunes copied from the William Vickers manuscript , as well as tunes from oral tradition , some otherwise unknown . Parts of this are now on the FARNE archive . He corresponded with his friend and collaborator , the illustrator Charles Keene , who was also a Northumbrian piper - letters surviving from Keene to Crawhall confirm that both of them had had dealings with James Reid , the son of Robert Reid , whose business he continued . In one of these letters , Keene refers to seeing the pipes of Tommy Hair , on sale in Reid 's shop in December 1873 .
Another committee member was Charles James Spence . He was a banker and a serious amateur artist , and an active member of the Society of Antiquaries of Newcastle upon Tyne , being their Curator of Museums from 1890-1905 . He owned a rare , possibly unique , set of six-drone pipes by Reid , and an illustration of these is the frontispiece of Fenwick 's tutor . It is not known whether his interest in these was as an antiquarian , or as a player , but he is not listed as a playing member , suggesting he did not consider himself to be a serious piper . Alternatively , it may be that as a man of some means , he felt obliged to pay the subscription .
He designed the medal which was awarded to first prize winners in the society 's annual competitions , and the artwork illustrating the society 's Transactions . In its lifetime the society awarded two pipers its Gold Medal ; one was Richard Mowat , and the other was Henry Clough .
A cousin of his , Robert Spence Watson had had a strong interest in piping more than a decade earlier , and had donated the Spence Watson trophy , then worth £25 , for the series of competitions organised by the Society of Antiquaries in Newcastle Town Hall . This was won outright by Old Tom Clough after three victories , in 1879 . Robert 's daughter Mary Spence Watson , herself an amateur piper , who had learned from Richard Mowat , corresponded with Old Tom 's grandson Tom Clough . That trophy is now
in the Morpeth Chantry Bagpipe Museum .
The president of the society was Richard Welford . In 1896 he delivered a lecture to the society on 'The Waits of Newcastle upon Tyne ' . As the last of the Waits was John Peacock , Welford must have had at least some interest in Northumbrian pipes . After Fenwick 's death , he acquired Fenwick 's collection of manuscript music , which still survives , and includes many unusual variants of traditional pipe tunes , some with attributions to named pipers , including Peacock and Robert Reid .
Why was the society so short-lived ?
The reasons for the society 's short life are not documented . However , it is clear that with a committee of 26 , only one of whom was an honorary playing member , and only 37 honorary playing members across the lifetime of the society , never more than 35 at any time , it may well be that pipers felt that the work of the society was not really about the living tradition of the instrument as it was currently played , so much as an antiquarian interest in preserving an instrument falsely perceived as being on the point of extinction .
Such attitudes were certainly current when the Northumbrian Pipers ' Society was founded , 30 years later , and it is known from Tom Clough 's letters that Tom , and perhaps also his father Henry , were initially cautious and even suspicious . Henry was elected by the NPS as one of the vice-presidents , though he did not play a very active role . Certainly the newer Society had much more involvement from pipers themselves ; Tom himself acted as a Competition judge in the first three years , though he declined to be a vice-president , stating that doing the work properly would require more of his time than he could spare . It is more likely that his personal disagreements with G.V.B . Charlton , the first president of the new society , played a large role in this decision . Another piper who played a major part in the NPS early on was Richard Mowat , its chairman from 1933 until his death . In the same year , Tom was also elected as a vice-president , as Billy Pigg had been in 1930 . The newer society , as its name suggests , thus had far more involvement from pipers themselves than its short-lived predecessor , and this difference may explain why it survived , while the NSPS did not .
References
English folk music
English folklore
Arts organizations established in 1893
Bagpipe societies
Daniel Bernhardt ( born 1965 ) is a Swiss actor .
Daniel Bernhardt also refer to :
Daniel Bernhardt ( footballer ) ( born 1985 ) , German footballer
Daniel Bernhardt ( ice hockey ) ( born 1996 ) , Swedish ice hockey player
Lake Tahoe Airport is a public airport three miles southwest of South Lake Tahoe , in El Dorado County , California . It covers and has one runway ; it is sometimes called Tahoe Valley Airport .
History
The airport in the Sierra Nevada just south of Lake Tahoe opened in 1959 with a 5900-ft runway . Beginning in 1962 it had a few airline flights : the first were on Futura Airlines , an intrastate airline , and on Paradise Airlines , both flying Lockheed L-049 Constellations . Paradise ceased operations after a fatal accident in the mountains near Lake Tahoe and Pacific Air Lines arrived in 1964 with Fairchild F-27s . That summer , Lake Tahoe was a stop on an F-27 `` milk run '' : flight 771 Reno-Lake Tahoe-Sacramento-San Francisco-San Jose-Fresno-Bakersfield-Los Angeles-San Diego . In 1966 Pacific started the first jet service to Lake Tahoe , Boeing 727-100s flying Los Angeles ( LAX ) -San Jose-Lake Tahoe . A 1966 Pacific Air Lines route map depicted nonstop 727 service to San Francisco ( SFO ) and Reno . This 727 service lasted less than a year , and Lake Tahoe did not see scheduled jets again until 1983 ; scheduled airline jet flights were banned by the local government after Pacific ended its 727 flights . Pacific Air Lines and successors Air West and Hughes Airwest continued F-27 flights until 1973 .
Holiday Airlines served Lake Tahoe with Lockheed L-188 Electras in the 1960s and early 1970s , followed by Pacific Southwest Airlines ( PSA ) and Air California ( later AirCal ) Electras starting in 1975 . Sierra Pacific Airlines , a commuter air carrier , served the airport in the mid 1960s with flights to San Francisco , San Jose , Oakland and Monterey . Skymark Airlines , a predecessor of Golden West Airlines ( which later served the airport as well ) , flew de Havilland Canada DHC-6 Twin Otters in the late 1960s nonstop to Sacramento and Fresno and direct to Oakland , San Jose and Monterey . Valley Airlines , another commuter airline , was serving the airport in 1969 with nonstop flights to Reno , San Francisco , San Jose and Stockton .
PSA dropped Lake Tahoe in 1979 , as did Air California a few months later . The replacements were Aspen Airways and Cal Sierra Airlines , both flying Convair 580s , and Air Pacific ( United States ) and successor Golden Gate Airlines as well as Golden West Airlines with all three airlines operating de Havilland Canada DHC-7 Dash 7s . Pacific Coast Airlines ( formerly Apollo Airways ) served the airport with Handley Page Jetstreams while Gulf Air Transport , McCulloch International Airlines and Nomads Travel Club nonscheduled gambling charters all used Electras . Other turboprop operators were Royal American Airways with the Vickers Viscount , Sierra Expressway with the BAe Jetstream 31 and Alpha Air operating as Trans World Express for TWA with the Beechcraft 1900C .
According to the Official Airline Guide , six regional and commuter airlines were serving Lake Tahoe in spring 1981 including Air Sierra , Aspen Airways , Cal Sierra Airlines , Golden Gate Airlines , Golden West Airlines and Great Sierra Airlines with a combined total of up to 24 flights a day . The April 1 , 1981 OAG edition lists nonstop flights from Burbank , Fresno , Los Angeles , Oakland , Orange County , Reno , San Diego , San Francisco , San Jose and Truckee , CA .
Jet service resumed in 1983 with AirCal McDonnell Douglas MD-80s and later Boeing 737-300s . AirCal flew nonstop to Los Angeles , San Francisco and San Jose , CA and direct to Burbank and Orange County . In 1987 a daily AirCal 737-300 flight was scheduled direct to Chicago O'Hare Airport via San Francisco and Orange County . American Airlines acquired AirCal in 1987 and continued to serve Lake Tahoe with the former AirCal 737-300s but soon switched its service to regional partner American Eagle which operated Saab 340s and Fairchild Swearingen Metroliners to the airport in the 1990s . American was the only major airline to serve Lake Tahoe . In late 1989 American and code sharing affiliate American Eagle were the only airlines at Lake Tahoe , American with Boeing 737-200s and American Eagle with Metro IIIs . At one point Reno Air flew McDonnell Douglas MD-80s and MD-87s nonstop to Los Angeles ; other jets included BAC One-Elevens and Convair 990s on nonscheduled casino charters . The four engine Convair 990 jet operated by Denver Ports of Call airlines could land at the airport but could not depart from Lake Tahoe with a full load of passengers , so departing passengers were bused to the Reno airport and boarded the 990 there .
In 1999 Casino Express Airlines operating as Tahoe Air started low fare Boeing 737-200 service nonstop to San Jose and Los Angeles ( LAX ) . Allegiant Air flew McDonnell Douglas DC-9 nonstops to Burbank , Fresno , Las Vegas and Long Beach in 1999-2000 . Tahoe Air ceased operations later in 1999 while Allegiant ended all service in 2000 and later became a low fare air carrier that is still in business . Lake Tahoe has not had scheduled passenger flights since , and the area is now served by Reno-Tahoe International Airport and Sacramento International Airport .
Due to budget cuts in 2001 , the FAA ceased funding on-site weather observers who had also served as the airport 's air traffic controllers . Unable to find replacement funding , the South Lake Tahoe city council voted to close the airport 's Air Traffic Control Tower on October 1 , 2004 . Despite the tower 's closure , the airport continues to serve general aviation traffic using self-announce procedures for uncontrolled airports .
Beginning in 2006 , the airport 's former commercial airline terminal building was renovated and converted into a new city hall and administrative services office for the City of South Lake Tahoe . Relocating to airport land allowed the city to counter rising lease costs at its old location in the Al Tahoe neighborhood . Renovations were completed and the new city hall opened in 2007 .
Facilities
FBO services ( e.g . fuel and ground support ) are provided by Mountain West Aviation .
Attached to the former airline terminal building , the Flight Deck Sports Bar & Grill provides a public restaurant overlooking the airport 's runway .
Former airline service
Airlines in bold served Lake Tahoe with mainline jets . All of the following destinations were served nonstop or direct .
Air California / AirCal : Burbank , Chicago , Los Angeles , Oakland , Orange County , San Francisco , San Jose
Air Pacific ( United States ) : Stockton , San Francisco
Air Sierra : Fresno , Mammoth Lakes
Allegiant Air : Burbank , Fresno , Las Vegas , Long Beach
Alpha Air ( TWA Express code share with Beechcraft 1900Cs ) : Los Angeles , Mammoth Lakes , Orange County , Palm Springs , San Francisco
American Airlines : Los Angeles , San Diego , San Francisco , San Jose
American Eagle ( Wings West Airlines ) : Los Angeles , San Francisco , San Jose
Aspen Airways : Burbank , Los Angeles , San Francisco , San Jose
Cal Sierra Airlines : Burbank , San Diego
Futura Airlines : Oakland
Golden Gate Airlines : Reno , San Francisco
Golden West Airlines : Los Angeles , Ontario , Orange County , San Diego , San Francisco
Great Sierra Airlines : Fresno , Oakland , Reno , San Jose , Truckee
Hawthorne Nevada Airlines : Hawthorne , NV
Holiday Airlines : Burbank , Long Beach , Los Angeles , Oakland , San Diego , San Jose
Pacific Air Lines / Air West / Hughes Airwest : Los Angeles , Reno , Sacramento , San Francisco , San Jose and other California cities
Pacific Coast Airlines : San Francisco , San Jose , Santa Barbara
Pacific Southwest Airlines ( PSA ) : Burbank , Long Beach , Los Angeles , Oakland , Ontario , San Diego , San Francisco
Paradise Airlines : Oakland , San Jose
Reno Air : Los Angeles
Royal American Airways : Las Vegas , Oakland
Sierra Expressway : Oakland
Sierra Pacific Airlines : Monterey , Oakland , San Francisco , San Jose ( this mid 1960s commuter air carrier is not to be confused with Sierra Pacific Airlines which was a separate airline that operated in California in the 1970s )
Skymark Airlines : Fresno , Monterey , Oakland , Sacramento , San Jose
Tahoe Air : Los Angeles , San Jose
Valley Airlines : Reno , San Francisco , San Jose , Stockton
Yosemite Airlines : Columbia , CA , Monterey , San Francisco
References
Lake Tahoe Airport ( its web site )
Departed Flights ( old airline timetables )
External links
Airports in El Dorado County , California
Kenneth E. Tyler , AO ( born December 13 , 1931 ) is a master printmaker , publisher , arts educator and a prominent figure in the American post-war revival of fine art , limited edition printmaking . Tyler established leading print workshops and publishing houses on both West and East coasts of the United States and made several innovations in printmaking technology . His technical expertise and willingness to experiment on a bold scale drew many famous and influential artists to his workshops , among them Frank Stella , Helen Frankenthaler , Roy Lichtenstein , David Hockney , Robert Rauschenberg , Anthony Caro and Jasper Johns . Ken Tyler remains active as an educator and promoter of fine art printmaking , and mentor of a younger generation of printers through his various training and collecting institutions in Singapore , Japan , Australia and the US . The largest collection of prints produced at Tyler 's successive workshops is currently held by the National Gallery of Australia .
Early life and education
Ken Tyler was born in East Chicago , Indiana in 1931 . His father was Romanian and his mother Hungarian , and his parents both emigrated as young children to the United States . There Tyler 's father ( whose family name was Tyira , converted to Tyler in the US ) worked in the Indiana steel mills from 12 years of age and also learned the trade of a stonemason . This background gave Tyler an early appreciation of the need for technical excellence .
Encouraged by his school music teacher , Tyler developed an interest in the visual arts and subsequently studied at the School of the Art Institute of Chicago , from 1950 to 1951 . Coming from a family of modest means , Tyler sought paid employment throughout his student years . From 1951 to 1952 , he studied liberal arts at Indiana University , which , according to Tyler , consisted of `` one semester at the campus in Bloomington , Indiana and one semester at Gary , Indiana extension while I worked full time in the Gary steel mill and attended evening classes at the extension '' . Originally Tyler had planned further studies at the Sorbonne in Paris . It was during the Korean War , and while applying for his passport in September 1952 , he was drafted for military service . After undergoing basic training , he excelled as an officer candidate and won the opportunity to return to college , where he was given the title of ‘ Regimental Staff Artist ' , maintained an active private painting studio and also edited the Officer Corps newspaper .
Tyler studied further following his time in the army , earning a bachelor 's in art education from the School of the Art Institute of Chicago in 1957 . Tyler then studied lithography under Garo Antreasian at the John Herron School of Art ( now Herron School of Art and Design ) in Indiana , graduating with a Master of Art Education in 1963 .
Tamarind Lithography Workshop
In 1963 , Tyler received a Ford Foundation Grant to study printing at the Tamarind Lithography Workshop in Los Angeles . This workshop , co-founded by June Wayne and Clinton Adams , was established in 1960 with the intention of reviving the ‘ dying ' art of lithography . Here Tyler worked under technical director Irwin Hollander and also later studied under the French master printer Marcel Durassier . Durassier , who was noted for his technical skill , had worked at the French lithography workshop , Mourlot Frères , with some of the great artists of the School of Paris , including Pablo Picasso and Joan Miró . Here Tyler acquired a broad technical skills base through research and practice , and from 1964-5 was appointed Technical Director of the Workshop . It was in this role that Tyler had his first major collaboration with Josef Albers , an artist who became , in Tyler 's words , `` the catalyst of my career . ''
Gemini Ltd. and Gemini G.E.L .
In 1965 , Ken Tyler established his own print atelier , Gemini Ltd. , at 8221 Melrose Avenue in Los Angeles with his former wife Kay Tyler . From this modest workshop was born Gemini G.E.L . ( Graphic Editions Ltd. ) . The following year Tyler , with the backing of his partners , Sidney Felsen and Stanley Grinstein , began to develop this print and publishing workshop into a large and influential organisation that attracted American artists including Josef Albers , Jasper Johns and Robert Rauschenberg . The clean , crisp look and flawless finish of many Gemini G.E.L . prints , as well as Tyler 's apparent preference for collaborating with well-established artists , was criticized by some commentators . Participants in the 1971 Gemini G.E.L . exhibition Technics and Creativity , for example , were accused of commercialism and too great an emphasis on technique . These criticisms tended to ignore Tyler 's use of many complex , time-consuming traditional methods , which he often combined with less orthodox printing processes . Works such as Robert Rauschenberg 's iconic Booster ( 1967 ) , which was an experimental and labor-intensive `` hybrid '' of lithography and screen printing , exemplify this approach . Tyler 's work with well-known artists also created the economic and technically innovative foundation for lesser known artists to print and be published through Gemini G.E.L .
Tyler Workshop Ltd. and Tyler Graphics Ltd .
In 1973 , after selling his collection of printer 's proofs and drawings to the National Gallery of Australia , Tyler parted ways with Gemini G.E.L . to seek new direction on the East Coast of America . There he established Tyler Workshop Ltd. in Bedford Village , New York . The following year this workshop became Tyler Graphics Ltd. , and in 1987 expanded its premises to Mount Kisco , New York .
Over its twenty-five year history , Tyler Graphics Ltd. saw collaborations with artists as diverse as Josef Albers , Anni Albers , Claes Oldenburg , Masami Teraoka , Ellsworth Kelly , Nancy Graves , Anthony Caro , Robert Motherwell , James Rosenquist , Joan Mitchell , and more . Certain artists in Tyler 's stable , such as David Hockney , Frank Stella and Roy Lichtenstein , continued to work with him over several decades and through many stylistic progressions .
When Tyler made the `` difficult decision '' to retire from printing in January 2000 , he had built up a massive operation that was staffed by highly trained specialists and serviced by state-of-the-art printing technology . Print production has ceased at Tyler Graphics Ltd. , following the establishment of The Singapore Tyler Print Institute in 2001 .
Contributions to print technology
Ken Tyler has had a formative influence on the art and science of printmaking for close to five decades . His contributions to printing technology were driven by his industrial background and his recognition that `` most traditional [ printmaking ] methods , as well as some recent practices of the hand-printing crafts , were not compatible with the images of major contemporary artists . As a collaborator I left the ranks of this revival to aid the major artist in his search for new graphic expression and new work environments . '' Tyler became renowned for printing works on paper that were massive in size and required the co-ordination of complicated mixed media and multiple printing matrices ( Frank Stella 's The Fountain , for example , measures over 2 metres x over 7 metres , used hundreds of plates and was printed on a specially constructed press ) . Tyler also custom-designed paper and equipment to his own specifications ; built his own paper mill , which contributed to a resurgence in the use of handmade papers among printmakers ; and travelled to Japan to investigate traditional printing and papermaking methods .
In 1965 , Tyler designed the first of several hydraulic lithographic presses , and two years later he received a federal arts funding grant from the National Endowment for the Arts for research and development into paper , embossing and three-dimensional works . In 1978 Tyler patented and registered Tycore , a rigid archival honeycomb paper panel , and a decade later , from 1988–90 , he designed and constructed a computer-controlled , power-driven combination lithography and etching press with a five-by-ten foot printing bed .
To ensure that the workshop 's momentum continued , Tyler encouraged artists to return for additional projects using a variety of methods and materials , maintaining that `` you could n't just keep inviting [ artists ] back to make a lithograph or inviting them back to make a silk screen . You [ had ] to keep giving them something new to chew on '' . According to Tyler , it was sufficient to offer the option to work on a large scale . He also wanted to present artists with the opportunity to work with handmade paper . This began with a project with Robert Rauschenberg in 1985-94 , who explored handmade papermaking in his series Pages and fuses at the paper mill in Ambert in France . A further collaboration using handmade paper occurred between Tyler and David Hockney , who produced a series of paper pulp works in 1978 . Later , Frank Stella explored the notion of papermaking further in his Moby Dick Domes series , notable for their technical complexity and their three-dimensional nature . After years of research to work out ways of making shaped paper , Tyler developed a vacuum method to produce the required sculptural form .
In a later collaboration between Stella and Tyler , The Fountain ‘ mural ' print ( 1992 ) exemplifies Tyler 's ability to offer mixed media prints on a grand scale . The Fountain measures over 2 metres x by 7 metres , and three woodblocks and 105 intaglio plates were employed to produce the sixty-seven coloured print Stella required in his original collage composition . Tyler once commented , `` My choice of wood-block was made based on the large size of the print . Both Frank and I knew we were going to use some of the existing metal plates from the Moby Dick prints series . It was determined that the black image would be printed from the woodblock and the colors would be from metal insert plates '' . Very large triple ply washi ( Kozo fibre ) papers were created especially for this ambitious project , as was a custom-built printing press .
Following his retirement from printing , Ken Tyler remains committed to making use of the latest technologies . Work is currently underway on Tyler 's personal inventory site , and he has also commissioned comprehensive virtual archives of Tyler material at such institutions as the National Gallery of Australia .
Collections
Tyler 's legacy will continue through his contributions to many international collections , both of artworks and archival material . In the United Kingdom , the Tate Gallery holds a significant collection of prints focusing on the latter half of Tyler 's career . In the United States , the National Gallery of Art in Washington , DC , has a comprehensive Gemini G.E.L . collection and has also produced an online catalogue raisonné . Other major collections of Tyler prints include those at the Walker Art Center in Minneapolis , USA ; the Center for Contemporary Graphic Art in Fukushima , Japan ; and the Singapore Art Museum . The latter collection was acquired with the assistance of the Singapore government , who in 2002 also supported the establishment of the Singapore Tyler Print Institute . The Institute contains all the original printing presses and equipment shipped from Tyler 's workshops in America , including a 100 tonne hydraulic platen press . In Canberra , Australia , the National Gallery of Australia holds a collection of over 7000 Tyler works , as well as an archive of related film , sound and photographic material .
Honours
Honorary Officer of the Order of Australia - For service to the Arts , particularly through the Kenneth Tyler Collection at the National Gallery of Australia and through philanthropy .
Notes
References
Kenneth Tyler Printmaking Collection Online at the National Gallery of Australia
Kinsman , Jane ( 2015 ) . Workshop : The Kenneth Tyler Collection . National Gallery of Australia , Canberra .
Abbeville Press ( 1987 ) . Tyler Graphics : the Extended Images . New York .
Armstrong , Elizabeth & Gilmour , Pat ( 1987 ) . Tyler Graphics : catalogue raisonné 1974–1985 . Walker Art Center , Minneapolis .
Center for Contemporary Graphic Art & Tyler Graphics Archive Collection ( 1998 ) . Frank Stella and Kenneth Tyler : A Unique 30-Year Collaboration . Fukishima , Japan .
Donson , Theodore B ( 1977 ) . Prints and the Print Market . Thomas Y. Crowell , New York .
Gilmour , Pat ( 1986 ) . Ken Tyler - Master Printer , and the American Print Renaissance . National Gallery of Australia , Canberra .
Gilmour , Pat ( ed . ) ( 1992 ) . Innovation in Collaborative Printmaking : Kenneth Tyler 1963–1992 . Yokohoma Museum of Art , Yokohoma .
Goldman , Judith ( 1977 ) . Art Off the Picture Press : Tyler Graphics Ltd .. The Emily Lowe Gallery , Hofstra University .
Heland Wetterling Gallery ( 1989 ) . Ken Tyler , 25 Glorious Years . Stockholm .
Online Gemini G.E.L . Catalogue Raisonné , National Gallery of Art , Washington : http : //www.nga.gov/gemini/
Museum of Modern Art ( 1991 ) . Seven Master Printmakers : Innovation in the Eighties . New York .
Kinsman , Jane ( 2002 ) . The Art of Collaboration : The Big Americans . National Gallery of Australia , Canberra .
Tate Gallery ( 2004 ) . Print Matters : the Kenneth E. Tyler Gift . Tate Publishing , London .
External links
Kenneth Tyler Printmaking Collection Online at the National Gallery of Australia
Beyond Print : Kenneth Tyler Printmaking Collection A blog documenting `` the living history of the Kenneth Tyler printmaking workshops ''
1931 births
American printmakers
American people of Romanian descent
Herron School of Art and Design alumni
Living people
School of the Art Institute of Chicago alumni
American lithographers
Ilisavani Jegesa is a Fijian rugby league international footballer who plays as a centre for Nabua Broncos and Kaiviti Silktails . He stays with his family in Nabua . He dropped out from school when he was in class six . `` Joining the Fiji Bati to the world cup is really an honour , '' he said . He also represents Nabua in 7 's and XV .
Playing career
Born in Rakiraki , a district in the Kadavu Province of Fiji , Jegesa started his career as a rugby union player . He later switched to rugby league , playing for the City Storm before moving to Nabua Broncos .
Representative career
He was named in the Fiji squad for the 2013 Rugby League World Cup .
Personal life
Jegesa is the cousin of Nemani Suguturaga , who was selected in Fiji 's squad for the 2008 Rugby League World Cup .
References
1988 births
Fijian rugby league players
Fiji national rugby league team players
Kaiviti Silktails players
Rugby league centres
Living people
People from Kadavu Province
I-Taukei Fijian people
Clement Sze-Kit Cheng ( ) is a Hong Kong-Canadian screenwriter , film director , and visual effects art director .
Early life
Born in Hong Kong , Cheng moved to Canada with his family as a child . In 1997 , he returned to Hong Kong to witness the transfer of its sovereignty to China , and decided to stay .
Film career
At the 29th Hong Kong Film Awards , Cheng and Derek Kwok won the Hong Kong Film Award for Best Director conjointly . Despite never having personally practiced any martial arts , Cheng co-wrote and co-directed Gallants , a martial arts film , with Kwok . The actors Cheng and Kwok chose for the film were primarily people who had acted in the 1970s and 1980s Hong Kong cinema . The film had its Canadian premiere at the 2010 Fantasia Festival , and Cheng was in attendance . He also attended the film 's United Kingdom premiere at the 2011 Terracotta Far East Film Festival . At the 30th Hong Kong Film Awards , Gallants was announced to have won the Hong Kong Film Award for Best Film , at which point Cheng jumped from his seat and began hugging the film 's cast members . Cheng was in charge of the visual effects for contemporary fantasy film Rest on Your Shoulder and costume drama The Great Magician .
Filmography
References
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Canadian screenwriters
Hong Kong emigrants to Canada
Visual effects supervisors
Hong Kong film directors
Hong Kong screenwriters
Dormah Kola ( , also Romanized as Dormah Kolā ; also known as Dormah Kolā-ye Bālā ) is a village in Bala Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District , in the Central District of Amol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 275 , in 76 families .
References
Populated places in Amol County
Spiroplasma kunkelii is a species of Mollicutes , which are small bacteria that all share a common cell wall-less feature . They are characterized by helical and spherical morphology , they actually have the ability to be spherical or helical depending on the circumstances . The cells movement is bound by a membrane . The cell size ranges from 0.15 to 0.20 micrometers .
Morphology
Spiroplasma kunkelii is a helical prokaryote that does not have a cell wall . The helical shape of S. kunkelii allows for the bacterium to be motile through flexional and rotational motility . The cell sizes are approximately 0.15-0.2 µm in diameter and 2.0 15 µm in length . The elongated shape of S. kunkelii aids in nutrient import . The helical shape is thought to be the result of the cytoskeletal protein fibril . Though it has been observed that with environmental changes S. kunkelii can change into a coccoid shape . The ends of the helical shape have a tapered end and blunt or rounded tips . The tip structure exposes adhesins that are used to attach to cells .
Genome and phylogeny
Initial phylogeny of S. kunkelii was established according to biochemical and phenotypic characteristics . These methods provided a general phylogeny , but large gaps in knowledge were made apparent when considering the possibility of horizontal gene transfer . The genome has some unique identities , the chromosomal structure if circular and plasmids are currently not found on the chromosome . The chromosome CR2-3X is the major chromosome that has been focused on the most . There are 27 genes located on that chromosome , 23 of those genes are involved in chromosome partitioning , DNA replication , transcription , and translation . The small genomes of Spiroplasmas is close to the minimal complement necessary for life and pathogenesis . Their ability to survive in specific niches gives in sight to unique ability of microorganisms to be able to evolve pathogenesis while experiencing severe genome reductions . Due to the nature of bacteria and their abilities to transfer genetic material through horizontal gene transfer , phylogenies and genome histories are difficult to define . Studies mostly focus on the analysis of the 16S rRNA gene to define relations and build phylogenic trees . However , to confirm the connections made from 16S rRNA analysis studies have started to analyze the housekeeping genes within S. kunkelii .
Full analysis of the S. kunkelii genome have been done and the complete results have been posted to the GenBank . Studies have shown that Spiroplasma citri , Spiroplasma phoencium and Spiroplasma melliferum genomes bare the closest relations to S. kunkelii .
Pathology
Spiroplasma kunkelii is an insect pathogen , it is transferred to other organisms by insects and it uses the host insect vector to multiply , but it is also important to note that some of the hosts are within the plants . Although they are transferred by insects , Spiroplasma kunkelii need plants in order to survive and grow . Spiroplasma kunkelii have a mutualistic relationship between arthropods and plants . Hosts include Zea mays , Zea mexicana and Zea perennis .
Metabolism
Spiroplasma kunkelii have simple metabolism . They tend to grow well between 35-38 C and around the normal temperature of the human body . Spiroplasma kunkelii uses the host insect vector for multiplication , but it uses plants for survival .
Little research has been done regarding the metabolism of S. kunkelii in detail . From the genetic relations many of the characteristics of their metabolism have been inferred from the Spiroplasma family and their close relative S. citri . Spiroplasma are chemoorganoheterotrophs due to their consumption of organic carbon and their parasitic lifestyle . S. kunkelii utilizes the Embden-Meyerhof-Parnas pathway . Studies have found that S. kunkelii lack cytidine , dCMP deaminases , transaldolase and deoxyribose 5-phosphate aldolase enzymes .
Corn stunt disease
The common name of Spiroplasma kunkelii is corn stunt spiroplasma , as it is known to cause corn stunt disease . It is considered a significant economic risk . Corn stunt disease results in smaller corn husks and loose or missing kernels . The corn industry is a billion-dollar industry that is already being threatened by global warming and the introduction of S. kunkelii increases the loss possible in the industry . S. kunkelii is spreading and has been found in south eastern United states . Though cases of S. kunkelii are taken very seriously , due to it being a vector borne pathogen , it is able to be transferred between plants while only requiring one infected insect . Studies are on going to find proper resistance to this pathogen and will be progressing along with the disease .
References
Mycoplasmataceae
Bacteria described in 1986
Vicky Smith is an English table tennis player .
Vicky was number 1 in England in the under 18 girls in 2012 and she has been part of the England National Team since she was 14 .
Vicky started playing at 4 years old as her father created a small table tennis club at the local community centre . The first tournament Vicky remembers playing was the Plymouth Primary Schools event for under 11s , where she won aged 6 . She had won the Home International Singles , received Gold in the School Games where she had the privilege to compete in the 2012 Olympic venue , and received Bronze in the World Schools in Italy .
Vicky was picked to play in the European Youths in Austria in 2012 .
During the 2012 London Olympics , Vicky was the first torch bearer of the Olympic torch at the starting location in Land 's End on 19 May 2012 .
She stopped playing in international tournaments after 2012 to focus on her education but has remained in the top 20 of the English women 's rankings and was selected by England Schools to compete in the 2014 Home Internationals , winning both singles and doubles titles . She has continued to represent YHL in the Premier Division of the Women 's British League with Yolanda King and Rachel Trevorrow , winning the title in 2016-17 .
Education
Vicky completed her study of Medicine at the University of East Anglia in 2019 .
Junior results
References
Vicky Smith to make England Under-18 table tennis debut in Poland
English female table tennis players
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Alumni of the University of East Anglia
Marie Felicity Angel ( 1923–2010 ) was a British illustrator and calligrapher known for her book illustrations .
Biography
Angel was born in London and educated at Coloma Convent Girls ' School . Throughout World War II she attended the Croydon School of Arts and Crafts and after the war studied at the Royal College of Art design school until 1948 . Her work as a freelance illustrator led to a commission from Harvard College Library to produce a number of illustrated bestiaries which in turn led to Angel working on a number of children 's books , for both American and British publishers . She also wrote and illustrated books on the techniques of calligraphy and a volume of flower illustrations . Works by Angel have been shown at the Royal Academy in London and the Society of Designer Craftsmen and in solo exhibitions in America . Both the Victoria and Albert Museum in London and Harvard Library hold examples of her work . The Hunt Institute has a number of her botanical watercolours .
Books illustrated
We Went Looking by Aileen Fisher , 1968 , Crowell
The Twenty-third Psalm , 1970 Crowell
My Cat Has Eyes of Sapphire Blue by Aileen Fisher , 1973 , Crowell
Two Poems by Emily Dickinson
The Tale of the Faithful Dove by Beatrix Potter , 1971 , Warne
The Tale of Tuppenny by Beatrix Potter , 1973 , Warne
Tucky the Hunter by J. Dickey , 1979 , Crown .
Books written and illustrated
The Art of Calligraphy , 1978 , Robert Hale
Bird , Beast and Flower , 1980 , Chatto & Windus
A Bestiary , 1964 , Harvard College Library
A New Bestiary , 1968 , Harvard College Library
An Animated Alphabet , Harvard College Library
Painting for Calligraphy , 1984 , Overlook Press
An Alphabet of Garden Flowers , 1987 , Pelham .
References
1923 births
2010 deaths
20th-century English painters
20th-century English women artists
20th-century English women writers
21st-century English painters
21st-century English women artists
21st-century English women writers
Artists from London
Alumni of Croydon College
Alumni of the Royal College of Art
English illustrators
English women painters
Women calligraphers
Shapur I 's Ka'ba-ye Zartosht inscription ( shortened as Shapur-KZ , ŠKZ , SKZ ) , also referred to as The Great Inscription of Shapur I , and Res Gestae Divi Saporis ( RGDS ) , is a trilingual inscription made during the reign of the Sasanian king Shapur I ( 240–270 ) after his victories over the Romans . The inscription is carved on the Ka'ba-ye Zartosht , a stone quadrangular and stepped structure located in Naqsh-e Rustam , an ancient necropolis located northwest of Persepolis , in today 's Fars Province , Iran . The inscription dates to c. 262 .
Content
The inscription is written in Middle Persian , Parthian , and Greek , containing 35 , 30 , and 70 lines , respectively . The Middle Persian variant is partially damaged , while the Greek and Parthian versions are better preserved , although they are not exactly the same as the Middle Persian text . In this inscription , Shapur introduces himself , mentions his genealogy , enumerates the provinces of his empire , describes his campaigns against the Roman Empire and talks about the fire temples he built . The inscription is considered the most important inscription from the Sasanian era .
The relevant passage enumerating the territories part of Shapur I 's empire :
In the inscription , Shapur I mention his victories over Gordian III , Philip the Arab and Valerian . He relates that Gordian departed from Antioch and was killed in a decisive battle at Misiche in 242/4 on the border of Sasanian-ruled Mesopotamia . Shapur mentions that Misiche was subsequently renamed Misiche-Peroz-Shapur , which translates as `` Misiche- ( where ) -Shapur-is-victorious '' . In relation to Philip the Arab ; Shapur mentions that negotiations in 244 resulted in Philip being forced to pay 500,000 denarii to the Sasanians . In addition , the Romans promised that they would surrender Armenia to Shapur . However , Shapur relates that the Philip the Arab did n't keep his promise and tried to reinvade Armenia . As a result , another battle was fought in 252-256 at Barbalissos , against a 60,000-strong Roman army . Shapur was victorious , and he mentions that he captured 36 Roman cities . Shapur also mentions his major victory at the Battle of Edessa , which resulted in Valerian being captured by the Sasanian ruler , `` along with the Praefectus Praetorio , senators , and chiefs of the army '' . He furthermore relates that Roman captives were settled in the province of Pars ( i.e . Persis ) . The Oxford Dictionary of Late Antiquity notes that this particular part of the inscription , where Shapur mentions the capture of Valerian and his deeds in general , is reminiscent of the `` Persian epic tradition '' .
In the following part of the inscription , Shapur mentions the Zoroastrian sacred fires he established under his rule to honor each member of the royal family . He also mentions detail of `` sacrifices and ceremonies '' . The final part of the inscription contains valuable content about the Sasanian administration as well as the courtiers and nobles during the lifetimes of Papak , Ardashir I in addition to Shapur I himself .
See also
Behistun inscription
List of Sasanian inscriptions
References
Sources
Full English translation of the inscription in
External links
`` The Inscription Of Shapur I At Naqsh-E Rustam In Fars '' , Warren Soward ( English translation )
`` The trilingual inscription of Šābuhr at “ Kaaba i Zardušt ” ( ŠKZ ) '' ( transcription of full text with English translation )
`` Third Century Iran : Sapor and Kartir '' , Martin Sprengling ( letter-by-letter transliteration of full text with English translation )
Sasanian inscriptions
Naqsh-e Rustam
Shapur I
3rd-century documents
3rd-century inscriptions
Parthian language
Greek inscriptions
Latin words and phrases
Hoa Cam Concrete JSC ( CTCP Bê tông Hoà Cầm ; HASTC : HCC ) is a construction materials company in Vietnam , specializing in the manufacture and distribution of concrete , cement , sand and stone . It has participated in major construction projects including hydropower plants , electricity transmission networks and office buildings . Hoa Cam is located in Da Nang and its main markets are Da Nang Province , Quảng Nam Province and Dung Quat Economic Zone of the South Central Coast region . It is listed on the Hanoi Securities Trading Center .
See also
Gravel
Gravel pit
Sand mining
List of companies in Vietnam
References
See External links .
External links
Hoa Cam Concrete official site
Google finance , Hoa Cam Concrete JSC
Companies listed on the Hanoi Stock Exchange
Cement companies of Vietnam
Vietnamese brands
Da Nang
Maria Anna Katharina Rutowska ( 1706–1746 ) was a Polish noblewoman .
She was the illegitimate daughter of Polish king Augustus II the Strong and his mistress , the Turk Fatima or Fatime , later renamed Maria Anna von Spiegel .
Life
Katharina was the second child of the liaison between Augustus II and Fatima ; her older brother , Frederick Augustus , was born four years before .
Shortly after the birth of Frederick Augustus , the King married Maria Anna with his chamberman Johann Georg ( von ) Spiegel , but she remained as his mistress . Katharina was born during this marriage and legally used the name Maria Anna Katharina von Spiegel during her first years of life .
In 1715 her stepfather Johann Georg of Spiegel died ; her mother Fatima survived him by only five years .
Augustus II took the guardianship of his children , but only recognized and legitimized both in 1724 and were granted the title of Count and Countess Rutowska .
The now Countess Rutowska was married off by her father on 1 October 1724. with the Polish nobleman Count Michał Bieliński . The marriage was an immediate failure and after eight unhappy years , in early 1732 , they divorced .
In 1737 she re-married , this time , a Sabaudian aristocrat in Saxon service , Count Claude Marie de Bellegarde et d'Entremont ( 1700-1755 ) . From this marriage she has two children : one son , Mauritz de Bellegarde ( 1743-1792 ) , general-lieutenant in service of Saxe , and one daughter , Frédérique Augusta Marie de Bellegarde , named after her maternal grandparents , who married François Sébastien de Chevron-Villette , called the Comte de Villette , on 27 April 1779 . The marriage was childless .
References
Maria Anna Katharina
Illegitimate children of Augustus the Strong
18th-century Polish women
1706 births
1752 deaths
Polish people of Turkish descent
Several steamships have borne the name Flynderborg , after the fortress in Denmark :
was a 1,387-ton cargo ship launched on 26 September 1901 , by Helsingør Værft , Helsingør , Denmark . Torpedoed and sunk on 21 October 1917 .
was a 1,417-ton cargo ship launched on 17 June 1919 , by Helsingør Værft , Helsingør , Denmark . Wrecked on 13 March 1930 .
was a 1,999-ton passenger/cargo ship launched on 29 April 1930 , by W. Gray & Co Ltd , West Hartlepool , England . Torpedoed and sunk on 3 November 1941
was a 2,342-ton passenger/cargo ship launched on 29 July 1949 , by W. Gray & Co Ltd , West Hartlepool , England . Scrapped in 1972 .
References
Ship names
Bitter Lake is a small lake in northwest Seattle , Washington , USA .
The lake covers , with a mean depth of and a maximum depth of . Until 1913 , a sawmill was located at its southwest corner . Tannic acid from logs dumped into the lake gave its water a bitter taste and the lake itself a name . The Duwamish called the lake `` Blackcaps on the Sides '' ( Lushootseed : cHálqWadee ) , denoting the blackcap ( Rubus leucodermis ) plants that grew along the shores .
It is a glacial lake with its basin having been dug 15,000 years ago by the Puget Lobe of the Cordilleran Ice Sheet , which also created Lake Washington , Union , Green , and Haller Lakes .
The Seattle-to-Everett Interurban streetcar reached the lake in 1906 , and the Bitter Lake neighborhood was annexed by Seattle in 1954 .
The lake is situated between Greenwood Avenue North to the west , Linden Avenue North to the east , North 137th Street to the north , and North 130th Street to the south . Bitter Lake drains through a piped outlet at its southeast end that eventually flows into Lake Union .
References
Landforms of Seattle
Bitter
Lakes of King County , Washington
The women 's 100 metres hurdles event at the 1975 Pan American Games was held in Mexico City on 18 and 19 October .
Medalists
Results
Heats
Wind : Heat 1 : 0.0 m/s , Heat 2 : 0.0 m/s , Heat 3 : 0.0 m/s
Final
Wind : -0.3 m/s
References
Athletics at the 1975 Pan American Games
1975
Raymond Johansen ( born 14 February 1961 ) is a Norwegian politician for the Labour Party who has been Governing Mayor of Oslo since 2015 .
Early life and education
Johansen was born in Oslo and was a plumber by trade .
Career
Early career
Originally a member of the Socialist Left Party , he chaired their youth wing Socialist Youth from 1986 to 1988 and was a member of the central party board from 1986 to 1991 . He chaired the local party chapter in Oslo from 1990 to 1991 , and was city commissioner ( byråd ) of the environment and transport in the city government of Oslo from 1991 to 1995 . He was not re-elected in 1995 , and left the Socialist Left Party .
He then worked in the Norwegian Agency for Development Cooperation from 1996 to 2000 and was secretary general of the Norwegian Refugee Council from 2002 to 2005 . In 2002 he briefly worked at the Norwegian embassy in Asmara . During the first and second cabinet Stoltenberg he was State Secretary in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs .
On 18 March 2007 , Johansen met with members of the newly elected Hamas unity government and announced that Norway would resume economic aid . He also expressed hope that other European states would follow their lead .
Labour Party Secretary
On 21 April 2009 , he was elected as Party Secretary of the Labour Party on its national convention , following the footsteps of his uncle , Thorbjørn Berntsen . The position is traditionally both powerful and influential . He was sometimes mentioned in party circles as a possible candidate to succeed party leader Jens Stoltenberg , but did not forward his candidacy and Stoltenberg was subsequently succeeded by Jonas Gahr Støre .
Governing Mayor of Oslo
Following the 2015 local elections he became governing mayor of Oslo , leading a coalition with the Socialist Left Party and the Green Party .
On 30 April 2018 , Johansen took part in a Dagsrevyen debate with the Minister of Justice , Tor Mikkel Wara , regarding immigration in Oslo . Wara notably blamed gang criminality on the increase of immigration in the capital . Wara further added that gang issues was attributed to ethnic and cultural issues , and that it was the reason for why it was important to stop immigration in Oslo . Johansen defended the city 's handling of immigration , citing increase in borough spending and the strengthening of kindergartens and better opportunities to learn Norwegian .
Johansen was re-elected following the 2019 local elections , and presented his new city commissioners on 23 October .
In June 2021 , following a motion of no confidence against City Commissioner for Transport and the Environment Lan Marie Berg , Johansen put forward the cabinet question in Oslo 's city council , which was supported by the opposition parties . He expressed that he wanted to continue a coalition with the Socialist Left and Green Party should he continue to lead the council cabinet .
On 21 June , mayor of Oslo Marianne Borgen gave Johansen the green light to form a new city council cabinet , after the opposition , led by the Conservative Party , failed to seek enough support for a Conservative led cabinet .
Johansen presented his second cabinet on 24 June , with the only change being Sirin Hellvin Stav who succeeded Lan Marie Berg as commissioner for transport and the environment .
In early January 2022 , he criticised the government for being unclear its handling of COVID-19 . He also asked the health services to document hospitalisations and hospitals ' capacity ; and that municipalities should be in charge of measures themselves , including the temporary halt on alcohol beverages .
Personal life
He is married to Christin Kristoffersen and have two children , and resides in Oslo . From 1999 to 2001 he was a member of the board of Vålerenga Fotball .
References
1961 births
Living people
Socialist Left Party ( Norway ) politicians
Labour Party ( Norway ) politicians
Politicians from Oslo
Norwegian state secretaries
Plumbers
The 1955 Los Angeles State Diablos football team represented Los Angeles State College—now known as California State University , Los Angeles—as a member of the California Collegiate Athletic Association ( CCAA ) during the 1955 college football season . Led by fifth-year head coach Leonard Adams , Los Angeles State compiled an overall record of 3–6 with a mark of 0–1 in conference play , placing fourth in the CCAA . The Diablos played home games at Snyder Stadium in Los Angeles .
Schedule
Notes
References
Los Angeles State
Cal State Los Angeles Diablos football seasons
Los Angeles State Diablos football
The Thelon Wildlife Sanctuary , at , over twice the area of Belgium , is the largest wildlife refuge in Canada . It is located in northern Canada 's Arctic region , north of the tree line , straddling the Northwest Territories and Nunavut , halfway between Baker Lake and Yellowknife , and bordered on the north between the Baillie River on the west and the Consul River at the east by the Back River . It is the namesake of the Thelon River , whose river valley is resplendent with boreal forest biological diversity , hence its identification as a `` Biological Site of Universal Importance '' by the International Biological Program ( IBP ) in the 1960s .
Established in 1927 as the Thelon Game Sanctuary to conserve muskox populations , its original size was . It was expanded in 1956 to its present size , and is home to the most northernly known moose above the tree line . In addition , the wildlife sanctuary is home to barren-ground caribou ( Beverly and Bathurst herds ) , Arctic wolf , Arctic fox , wolverine , Arctic squirrel ( sicsic ) , barren ground grizzly bear and waterfowl .
The `` Thelon Oasis '' is a section of the wildlife sanctuary along the Thelon River valley between Warden Grove ( the Thelon 's confluence with Hanbury River ) and Hornby Point . Even though it is north of the Arctic tree line , the area supports thick white spruce tree groves , raspberry , currant , and columbine plants , along with tall alluvial dwarf willow thickets and tag alder . Scientists believe the causes of this unusual proliferation of plants more common to subarctic areas include favorable fine-textured soils and climatic oasis effect , higher summer temperatures due to northward elevation fall and the absence of large lakes .
The wildlife sanctuary is also the ancestral home of Akilinirmiut , Inuit of the Akiliniq , a hilly area by the shores of Beverly Lake ( Tipjalik ) . While there are many lakes within the Thelon Wildlife Sanctuary , Beverly Lake is notable as the widening of the Thelon River at its northeastern border within the wildlife sanctuary , and the end of the spruce tree groves .
The wildlife sanctuary teems with game but is a hunting free zone , with support from the Inuit of Baker Lake .
A study of the history of the sanctuary would do well to include studying British explorer John Hornby ( 1880–1927 ) .
References
Videography
LaRose , John . The Place Where God Began The Thelon Wildlife Sanctuary , a Northern Oasis . [ Ottawa , Ont . ] : Summerhill Entertainment , 2000 .
External links
Official web site
Map1 , Map2
Historical Timeline of the Northwest Territories 1928 - William Hoare and the Thelon Game Sanctuary , Prince of Wales Northern Heritage Centre
South Slave Region
Parks in Kivalliq Region
Parks in the Northwest Territories
Wildlife sanctuaries of Nunavut
Protected areas established in 1927
1927 establishments in the Northwest Territories
The 1987 Big East men 's basketball tournament took place at Madison Square Garden in New York City , from March 5 to March 8 , 1987 . Its winner received the Big East Conference 's automatic bid to the 1987 NCAA Tournament . It is a single-elimination tournament with four rounds . Georgetown had the best regular season conference record and received the # 1 seed .
Georgetown defeated Syracuse in the championship game 69–59 , to claim its fifth Big East Tournament championship .
Bracket
Games
Final
Awards
Most Valuable Player : Reggie Williams , Georgetown
All Tournament Team
Billy Donovan , Providence
Sherman Douglas , Syracuse
Jerome Lane , Pittsburgh
Rony Seikaly , Syracuse
Reggie Williams , Georgetown
References
External links
Tournament
Big East men 's basketball tournament
Basketball in New York City
College sports in New York City
Sports competitions in New York City
Sports in Manhattan
Big East men 's basketball tournament
Big East men 's basketball tournament
1980s in Manhattan
Madison Square Garden
Robin Kovacs ( born 16 November 1996 ) is a Swedish professional ice hockey forward for Lausanne HC of the Swiss Hockey League ( NL ) . He was drafted 62nd overall by the New York Rangers in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft .
Playing career
He made his Elitserien debut playing with AIK during the 2012–13 Elitserien season . Kovacs , who is of Hungarian descent , was seen as one of the top twenty international skaters for the 2015 NHL Entry Draft according to the NHL Central Scouting Bureau .
Kovacs played in four games with Rögle BK in the Swedish Hockey League ( SHL ) during the 2015–16 season . After being loaned for the majority of the campaign back with AIK , Kovacs signed a three-year , entry-level contract with the New York Rangers on 18 July 2016 .
In his first North American season in 2016–17 , Kovacs struggled to adapt offensively in playing with the Rangers American Hockey League affiliate , the Hartford Wolf Pack . He appeared in 72 of 76 games with the Wolf Pack totalling just 2 goals and 12 points . Having endured a troubling off-season in Sweden ( see Personal life ) , and under performing in at the Rangers 2017 training camp , Kovacs failed to play in a pre-season game as he was amongst the first roster cuts reassigned to Hartford on 19 September 2017 . On 1 October 2017 , Kovacs was placed on unconditional waivers in order to terminate the remainder of his contract with the Rangers and return to Sweden . On 7 October 2017 , he signed a two-year deal with Luleå HF of the Swedish Hockey League ( SHL ) . In April 2022 he signed a tree-year contract with Lausanne HC in Switzerland .
Personal life
Kovacs has a neuropsychiatric disability , with ADHD and dyslexia . He has credited the conditions in helping progress his professional career .
Kovacs was found guilty and later fined for reckless driving in a fatal traffic accident involving a friend , in June 2017 .
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
International
References
External links
1996 births
AIK IF players
Hartford Wolf Pack players
Living people
Luleå HF players
New York Rangers draft picks
Rögle BK players
Swedish ice hockey right wingers
Ice hockey people from Stockholm
Taungchiyin is a village in Banmauk Township , Katha District , in the Sagaing Region of northern-central Burma .
References
External links
Maplandia World Gazetteer
Populated places in Katha District
Banmauk Township
The Firebird Debute is a German single-place paraglider that was designed and produced by Firebird Sky Sports AG of Füssen in the mid-2000s . It is now out of production .
Design and development
The aircraft was designed as an advanced and competition glider . The models are each named for their relative size .
Variants
Debute L
Large-sized model for heavier pilots . Its span wing has a wing area of , 69 cells and the aspect ratio is 5.98:1 . The pilot weight range is . The glider model is DHV 2-3 certified .
Specifications ( Debute L )
References
Debute
Paragliders
Wilfred Frank Curtis ( 24 February 1923 – 25 May 2005 ) was an Anglican priest .
He was born on 24 February 1923 and educated at Foster 's School in Sherborne and Bishop Wordsworth 's School in Salisbury . After service with the Royal Artillery in the Second World War , he completed his studies at King 's College London . He was ordained in 1952 and became curate of High Wycombe . He was with the Church Missionary Society from 1955 to 1974 when he became provost of Sheffield .
He retired in 1988 and died on 25 May 2005 .
References
1923 births
People educated at Foster 's School
People educated at Bishop Wordsworth 's School
Alumni of the Theological Department of King 's College London
Associates of King 's College
20th-century English Anglican priests
Royal Artillery officers
Provosts and Deans of Sheffield
2005 deaths
British Army personnel of World War II
Anthony Harvey ( born 25 May 1973 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with St Kilda in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) and Norwood in the South Australian National Football League ( SANFL ) .
Harvey comes from a famous sporting family with his grandfather Merv Harvey and granduncle Neil Harvey both being Australian Test cricket representatives . His brother Robert is St Kilda 's games record holder .
A midfielder , Harvey was recruited to St Kilda from Frankston and his four AFL appearances consisted of just one win , against Fitzroy at Waverley Park . His best performance came in the last of those games , when he kicked his only career goal and managed 23 disposals against that year 's Grand Final runners-up Geelong .
The next chapter of his football career was spent in South Australia where he played for Norwood , which he captained to the 1997 premiership when regular skipper Garry McIntosh was unavailable due to a suspension . Harvey again captained Norwood for part of the 1998 season , the same year which he won his club 's 'Best and Fairest ' . After McIntosh retired he was appointed to the captaincy full-time in 1999 , a role he would keep through to the end of the 2001 season . His stint included the losing SANFL Grand Final team of 1999 .
See also
Harvey family
References
Holmesby , Russell and Main , Jim ( 2007 ) . The Encyclopedia of AFL Footballers . 7th ed . Melbourne : Bas Publishing .
1973 births
Living people
Australian rules footballers from Victoria ( Australia )
St Kilda Football Club players
Norwood Football Club players
Frankston Football Club players
Anthony
National Highway 3 or National Road No.3 ( 10003 ) is one of the national highways of Cambodia . With a length of , it connects the capital of Phnom Penh with Veal Renh . The road underwent significant refurbishment in 2008 and forms part of an international `` North-South economic corridor '' from Kunming in China to Bangkok in Thailand .
References
Roads in Cambodia
Katherine E. Stange is a Canadian-American mathematician and an associate professor of mathematics at the University of Colorado Boulder . She is a number theorist specializing in topics in arithmetic geometry .
Education and career
Stange earned her PhD in mathematics from Brown University in 2008 under the supervision of Joseph H. Silverman . She was a National Science Foundation ( NSF ) Postdoctoral Fellow and Junior Lecturer at Harvard University from 2008 to 2009 . She also held postdoctoral fellowships at Simon Fraser University , Pacific Institute for the Mathematical Sciences , and the University of British Columbia ( 2009–2011 ) and Stanford University ( 2011–2012 ) . In 2012 , Stange joined the faculty at the University of Colorado Boulder as an assistant professor . She was promoted to associate professor with indefinite tenure effective August 2018 .
Stange has been active in Women in Numbers , the prototype for the Association for Women in Mathematics ' Research Collaboration Networks for Women . She was co-organizer and proceedings co-editor of Directions in Number Theory : Proceedings of the 2014 WIN3 Workshop and a project leader for Women in Numbers 4 . Stange served on the American Mathematical Society Committee on Women in Mathematics ( CoWIM ) from 2019–2020 .
Recognition
The Mathematical Association of America presented Stange and Lionel Levine the 2013 Paul R. Halmos - Lester R. Ford Award for outstanding paper in The American Mathematical Monthly for their paper How to make the most of a shared meal : plan the last bite first .
Stange was elected a Fellow of the Association for Women in Mathematics in the Class of 2021 `` for leadership in the Women in Numbers Network by creating its website ( the first of its kind ) , mentoring early-career researchers , organizing conferences , editing its proceedings volumes , and chairing its steering committee ; and for service on AWM committees , including support of other research networks '' . She was named a 2021 Simons Fellow in Mathematics .
References
External links
Katherine E. Stange 's Author Profile on MathSciNet
American women mathematicians
University of Colorado Boulder faculty
Number theorists
Arithmetic geometers
Living people
Fellows of the Association for Women in Mathematics
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Canadian mathematicians
21st-century American mathematicians
21st-century Canadian mathematicians
20th-century American mathematicians
20th-century Canadian mathematicians
Brown University alumni
University of Waterloo alumni
20th-century American women
21st-century American women
Lillian Boraks-Nemetz was born in Warsaw , Poland , where she survived the Holocaust as a child , escaped the Warsaw Ghetto and lived in Polish villages under a false identity . She has a master 's degree in Comparative Literature and teaches Creative Writing at the University of British Columbia 's Writing Centre . She is the author of numerous books , including Ghost Children , a collection of poetry , and
The Old Brown Suitcase , a young adult novel .
References
External links
Official website
Holocaust survivor tackles trauma and family 's past in new novel
Holocaust Survivors Share Their Memories of Destroyed Childhoods
Living people
1933 births
Canadian women novelists
Jewish Canadian writers
Ramadi Barrage is a two-section diversion dam on the Euphrates River adjacent ( west ) of Ramadi , Iraq . The main purpose of the northern barrage is to slow or stop water if needed , allowing it to be diverted through the southern barrage into a canal . The canal feeds water into Lake Habbaniyah to the southeast .
The intent was to use water stored by the Ramadi Barrage and the Samarra Barrage for irrigation . However , evaporation on Lakes Habbaniyah and Tharthar led to reduced storage and high salinity , conditions unsuitable for irrigation .
References
Dams in Iraq
Dams on the Euphrates River
1955 establishments in Iraq
Barrages ( dam )
Dams completed in 1955
Crossings of the Euphrates
Brodzica is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hrubieszów , within Hrubieszów County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine . It lies approximately south-west of Hrubieszów and south-east of the regional capital Lublin .
The village has a population of 353 .
References
Brodzica
The level-index ( LI ) representation of numbers , and its algorithms for arithmetic operations , were introduced by Charles Clenshaw and Frank Olver in 1984 .
The symmetric form of the LI system and its arithmetic operations were presented by Clenshaw and Peter Turner in 1987 .
Michael Anuta , Daniel Lozier , Nicolas Schabanel and Turner developed the algorithm for symmetric level-index ( SLI ) arithmetic , and a parallel implementation of it . There has been extensive work on developing the SLI arithmetic algorithms and extending them to complex and vector arithmetic operations .
Definition
The idea of the level-index system is to represent a non-negative real number as
where and the process of exponentiation is performed times , with . and are the level and index of respectively . is the LI image of . For example ,
so its LI image is
The symmetric form is used to allow negative exponents , if the magnitude of is less than 1 . One takes or and stores it ( after substituting +1 for 0 for the reciprocal sign since for the LI image is and uniquely defines and we can do away without a third state and use only one bit for the two states −1 and +1 ) as the reciprocal sign . Mathematically , this is equivalent to taking the reciprocal ( multiplicative inverse ) of a small magnitude number , and then finding the SLI image for the reciprocal . Using one bit for the reciprocal sign enables the representation of extremely small numbers .
A sign bit may also be used to allow negative numbers . One takes sgn ( X ) and stores it ( after substituting +1 for 0 for the sign since for the LI image is and uniquely defines and we can do away without a third state and use only one bit for the two states −1 and +1 ) as the sign . Mathematically , this is equivalent to taking the inverse ( additive inverse ) of a negative number , and then finding the SLI image for the inverse . Using one bit for the sign enables the representation of negative numbers .
The mapping function is called the generalized logarithm function . It is defined as
and it maps onto itself monotonically and so it is invertible on this interval . The inverse , the generalized exponential function , is defined by
The density of values represented by has no discontinuities as we go from level to ( a very desirable property ) since :
The generalized logarithm function is closely related to the iterated logarithm used in computer science analysis of algorithms .
Formally , we can define the SLI representation for an arbitrary real ( not 0 or 1 ) as
where is the sign ( additive inversion or not ) of and is the reciprocal sign ( multiplicative inversion or not ) as in the following equations :
whereas for = 0 or 1 , we have :
For example ,
and its SLI representation is
See also
Tetration
Floating point ( FP )
Tapered floating point ( TFP )
Logarithmic number system ( LNS )
Level ( logarithmic quantity )
References
Further reading
. Also reprinted in :
External links
sli-c-library ( hosted by Google Code ) , `` C++ Implementation of Symmetric Level-Index Arithmetic '' .
Computer arithmetic
Llanidloes War Memorial Hospital ( ) is a health facility in Eastgate Street , Llanidloes , Powys , Wales . It is managed by the Powys Teaching Health Board .
History
The facility was commissioned to commemorate the lives of the local service personnel who had died in the First World War and opened as the Llanidloes and District War Memorial Hospital in 1920 . During the 1930s funds were raised for the hospital through the annual Rose Queen Carnival in the town . It joined the National Health Service in 1948 .
In 2006 , the local health board announced that it was planning to make cuts which would result in the downgrading or closure of hospital : the Save Llanidloes Hospital Action Group was formed in response .
References
Further reading
Hospitals in Powys
Hospitals established in 1920
1920 establishments in Wales
Hospital buildings completed in 1920
NHS hospitals in Wales
Powys Teaching Health Board
Laetitia Bataille is a French journalist and author , specializing in equestrianism . She received classical riding instruction and has practised dressage , show jumping , eventing , carriage driving , horse breeding and long-distance trekking . She was well known as a long distance trekking rider , achieving with her husband Jacques Bataille several long trips on horseback . She is a certified Equestrian Tourism Guide ( GTE ) . She taught riding ( especially sidesaddle ) in Paris at the Etrier Riding School for several years .
Publications
Laetitia Bataille has written thousands of articles issued in various equestrian magazines . She is also the author of 14 books or booklets on horses . In 2009 , she launched her own horse magazine , Cheval Savoir ( “ horse knowledge ” ) published on the Internet with articles in both French and English .
Races équines de France , France Agricole Éditions , Paris , 2008
Les poneys : races et élevage , France Agricole Éditions , Paris , 2007 ,
La monture pour enfants : Choix , préparation , entretien , 2006
Le lusitanien , 2004
La mule poitevine , 2004
L'équitation , Aedis , 2003
Le pure race espagnole , 2002
Le cheval , Aedis , 2002
Cheval : problèmes et solutions , 2001
J'élève mes poneys , Maloine , 1994
Choix du cheval de randonnée , Equilivres , 1993
À bon port , en bon état , Prest édit , 1984
References
Living people
French female equestrians
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Antanas Venclova ( 7 January 1906 – 28 June 1971 ) was a Soviet and Lithuanian politician , poet , journalist and translator .
Early life
Born in Trempiniai in Suwałki Governorate , Venclova studied Lithuanian , Russian and French at the Vytautas Magnus University in Kaunas . In 1936 , he visited the Soviet Union , becoming fascinated with the Soviet system and its culture . Before the outbreak of World War II , he worked as a teacher and was the editor of the procommunist journals Trečias frontas ( Third Front ) and Prošvaistė .
Politician
Following the Soviet occupation of Lithuania in 1940 , he was briefly appointed as Minister of Education of the Lithuanian SSR . He was elected as a representative to the `` People 's Seimas '' and went to Moscow as part of the delegation requesting that Lithuania be incorporated into the Soviet Union . After the German invasion of the Soviet Union in 1941 , he retreated with the Red Army and remained in Soviet Russia during the Nazi occupation , returning to Lithuania in 1944 .
In the following years , he faithfully served the Soviet government .
In 1947 , he received the Stalin Prize . Venclova wrote the original words for the anthem of the Lithuanian SSR and translated the lyrics of the Soviet anthem into Lithuanian . After Joseph Stalin 's death , the second stanza of the Lithuanian anthem 's lyrics was changed by Vacys Reimeris to remove any mention of Stalin . Between 1954 and 1959 , Venclova was Chairman of the Lithuanian Writer 's Union . He died in Vilnius in 1971 .
Family
His son , the poet Tomas Venclova , was a prominent dissident .
References
1906 births
1971 deaths
20th-century Lithuanian writers
20th-century poets
20th-century translators
People from Kalvarija Municipality
People from Suwałki Governorate
Communist Party of Lithuania politicians
First convocation members of the Supreme Soviet of the Soviet Union
Second convocation members of the Supreme Soviet of the Soviet Union
Third convocation members of the Supreme Soviet of the Soviet Union
Fourth convocation members of the Supreme Soviet of the Soviet Union
Fifth convocation members of the Supreme Soviet of the Soviet Union
Members of the Supreme Soviet of the Lithuanian Soviet Socialist Republic
Ministers of Education of Lithuania
Vytautas Magnus University alumni
Stalin Prize winners
Recipients of the Order of Lenin
Recipients of the Order of the Red Banner of Labour
Socialist realism writers
Translators of Alexander Pushkin
Lithuanian literary critics
Lithuanian male poets
Lithuanian translators
Soviet male poets
Soviet politicians
Soviet propagandists
Soviet translators
Burials at Antakalnis Cemetery
Ferne House is a country house in the parish of Donhead St Andrew in Wiltshire , England , owned by Viscount Rothermere .
There has been a settlement on the site since 1225 AD . The current house , known as Ferne Park and the third to occupy the site , was designed by the 2005 Driehaus Prize winner Quinlan Terry in 2001 . The estate grounds straddle Donhead St Andrew and Berwick St John parishes .
Mesolithic , Neolithic and Bronze Age artefacts were found in the vicinity of the house during 1988 archaeological fieldwork .
First house
The first Ferne House was the manor house of the de Ferne family : Philip de Ferne is recorded as living there in 1225 . From the Ferne family , in 1450 it passed to the Brockway family , and in 1561 to William Grove of Shaftesbury . By 1809 the house had become so dilapidated that it was demolished .
The 18th-century gatepiers to the park remain ; they are Grade II listed structures .
Second house
The second Ferne House was built by Thomas Grove , `` on an enlarged scale in the year 1811 on the site of the old structure … in an elevated situation , commanding a pleasing view of the surrounding country '' . The house is mentioned in surviving diaries of his daughters Charlotte and Harriet ; an 1850 photograph of it is reproduced in The Grove Diaries .
This house was remodelled some time after 1850 and assumed a square ground-plan . In 1902 the house passed out of the ownership of the Grove family when it was sold to A. H. Charlesworth , who further enlarged it the following year .
The house was bought in 1914 by Alfred Douglas-Hamilton , 13th Duke of Hamilton , who also bought nearby Ashcombe House around the same time . During World War II the house was used as an animal sanctuary by his wife Nina , co-founder in 1906 of the Animal Defence and Anti-Vivisection Society with Lizzy Lind af Hageby . She used the sanctuary to enable well-off London families to evacuate their pets to safety . The house remained in the Hamilton family 's possession until the estate was bequeathed by the Duchess to the Animal Defence and Anti-Vivisection Society , for the purpose of maintaining the sanctuary . Nikolaus Pevsner briefly described the house in his 1963 edition of Wiltshire in The Buildings of England series ( incorrectly listed in the parish of Berwick St John ) .
A clause in the Duchess 's will stated that it should remain as an animal sanctuary in perpetuity , but the restrictions she laid down were so stringent , according to The Observer , that the house was unsaleable , and as a result it was demolished in 1965 . The animal sanctuary moved to Chard , Somerset , where it still operates ; in 1985 the Animal Defence Trust still owned the property , including the still-standing stable block and lodges .
In 1991 , the Ferne Estate was sold at auction for £1,040,000 . The buyer was Francis Dineley , whose father had made money from arms manufacturing .
Third house
Sometime after 1991 the estate – described as `` run down '' – was bought by the 4th Viscount Rothermere and his wife .
In 2001 the third and present Ferne House ( known as Ferne Park ) was built to the design of the architect Quinlan Terry , in Palladian style and at a reported cost of £40m . The north front is a simplified copy of Came House , Dorset . The house won the award for Best Modern Classical House from the Georgian Group in 2003 , and in 2013 two cuboid wings were added , providing a dining room and library .
A summerhouse in the grounds , called the New Pavilion and also designed by Terry , won the 2008 Georgian Group award for a New Building in the Classical Tradition .
See also
Grove baronets
Ferne Animal Sanctuary
References
Further reading
Hawkins , Desmond , 1995 , The Grove Diaries : The Rise and Fall of an English Family , 1809-1925 University of Delaware Press
Hoare , Sir Richard Colt , 1829 , The Modern History of South Wiltshire Volume 4 , part 1 : the Hundred of Dunworth , by James Everard , Baron Arundell and Sir R.C . Hoare . London : J.B. Nichols and Son , 55–56 .
Watkin , David , 2006 , Radical Classicism : The Architecture of Quinlan Terry Rizzoli , p 206–217 , .
External links
Image of second house on the Lost Heritage website , archived in 2008
Images of the third house – Quinlan Terry Architects
Grade II listed buildings in Wiltshire
Country houses in Wiltshire
Grade II listed houses
Buildings by Quinlan Terry
Houses completed in 2001
New Classical architecture
Erguel Castle ( ) is a ruined castle in the municipality of Sonvilier in the canton of Bern in Switzerland . It is the best preserved castle ruin in the French-speaking Bernese Jura .
History
During the 11th century , the Lords of Erguel , or Arguel , moved from Franche-Comté and settled in the village of Sonvilier . Exactly when they built Erguel Castle on a hill south-east of the village is unknown , but in 1178 and 1184 Heinrich von Erguël was mentioned ruling over the region . The knights of Erguel owned land in the surrounding valley and held the vogt office over the church at Saint-Imier . The family kept the castle , the surrounding land and the lordship until 1264 when Otto von Erguel , who at the time lived in Basel , ceded them to the Prince-Bishop of Basel . In return the bishop granted him lands in Alsace .
The bishop appointed a bailiff for the castle , but administered the extended lands out of Biel . The castle was the southernmost point in the episcopal dominion . Under Bishop Heinrich of Isny ( 1275-1286 ) the castle was strengthened and expanded . The currently visible parts of the castle probably all date to this construction period . It can be assumed that the visible parts of the plant today to go back to that time .
In 1368 Bishop Johann of Venningen went to war against Bern . Troops from Bern and Biel attacked , captured and burned Erguel Castle . It must have been rebuilt , since in 1417 there was a castellan at the castle . Later , it was used as a prison for several decades . In 1617 Bishop Wilhelm Rinck of Baldenstein repaired the castle and stationed a garrison there to protect his land against the city of Biel . During the Thirty Years War , in 1636 , it was used as housing and storage for Swedish troops .
In 1750 , the diocese decided to lease the half-ruined castle . However , the lease contained the condition that the dilapidated building must be well maintained and they were unable to find a tenant . Four years later , the diocese decided to just abandon it and let the castle collapse . The castle estates were awarded to the municipality of La Ferrière in 1767 and acquired in 1847 by the municipality of Sonvilier .
During the 19th and 20th centuries there were several archeological digs and attempts to preserve the site . The first excavations were carried out on the castle grounds in 1884 . The walls were repaired in 1929-1931 and 1964-1965 . The most recent complete renovation of the ruins was in 1997-1998 .
Castle site
The castle is a long , narrow structure that runs east-west on an exposed hilltop south of Sonvilier . The castle gate house is on the eastern side of site and is still visible . A large , round bergfried is south and west of the gate house . The tower has thick walls at the base and was probably about tall though only part of the tower still exists . The living quarters and court stretch west of the gate house and bergfried . Portions of the walls of the chapel , stable and kitchens in the living quarters still exist . A map from 1617 indicated that there was a semi-circular tower as the western end of the castle , but no trace of the tower still exists .
See also
List of castles in Switzerland
Erguel
References
External links
Castles in the Canton of Bern
Ruined castles in Switzerland
Web Sudoku is an online sudoku website which was rated as one of the best 50 fun and games website by Time . It was founded by Gideon Greenspan and Rachel Lee . The website was rated as the 7265th the best website in the world by Jonathan Harchick in his book The World 's Best Websites . Greenspan claimed that about three million people play on the site , adding that the numbers `` are still growing very rapidly from week to week '' . He added that some of the players solve dozens of puzzles every day .
References
Internet properties established in 2005
Sudoku
Hudson Almshouse , also known as the Hudson Lunatic Asylum , Hudson Orphan and Relief Association , and Hudson Area Association Library , is a historic almshouse located at Hudson , Columbia County , New York . It was built about 1818 , with a substantial rear addition built between about 1884 and 1889 . It consists of a three-story central section with two-story flanking wings constructed of dressed limestone . Originally built as an almshouse , it subsequently served as a mental health asylum , female academy , private home , and from 1959 to 2016 , the local association library .
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2008 .
References
External links
Hudson Area Library website
Government buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in New York ( state )
Federal architecture in New York ( state )
Government buildings completed in 1818
Buildings and structures in Columbia County , New York
National Register of Historic Places in Columbia County , New York
John Royer `` Jack '' Garman ( September 11 , 1944 – September 20 , 2016 ) was a computer engineer , former senior NASA executive and noted key figure of the Apollo 11 lunar landing . As a young specialist on duty during the final descent stage on 20 July 1969 he dealt with a series of computer alarms which could have caused the mission to be aborted .
Early life
Garman was born September 11 , 1944 , in Oak Park , Illinois , and attended the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor . He graduated in 1966 with a Bachelor of Science degree in Engineering Physics and a specialty in Computing .
NASA career
In 1966 , at age 21 , Garman was hired by NASA . He chose to specialize in onboard computing and was assigned to the Apollo Guidance Program Section where he worked with MIT , supervising the design and testing of the Apollo Guidance Computer .
During the Apollo missions Garman worked in a support role , advising flight controllers in Mission Control on the operation of spacecraft computer systems . A few months before the Apollo 11 mission he suggested that simulation supervisors at Mission Control test how flight controllers might react to a computer error code . Guidance officer Steve Bales responded to the simulated error by calling an abort , which was found to be a needless reaction for that particular code .
Gene Kranz told Garman : ' I want you to study and write down every possible program alarm whether they can happen or not . ' Garman made a handwritten list of every computer alarm code that could occur along with the correct reaction to each of them and put it under the plexiglass on his desk .
1202
A design oversight with the Apollo Lunar Module Eagle 's rendezvous radar led to a near-abort during the Apollo 11 landing , according to engineer Don Eyles .
The radar 's Coupling Data Units ( CDU ) , which provided the interface between the radar 's hardware and the LM 's onboard guidance computer , were powered by a 28-volt 800 Hz power supply , and a separate 28-volt 800 Hz power supply sent energy to the radar 's Attitude , Translation , and Control assembly ( ATCA ) ( which physically oriented the Lunar Module ) . The two power supplies were supposed to operate in phase lock with each other . However , likely due to inexact language in the LM 's design documentation , the system was constructed such that while the two power supplies would always operate at the same frequency and in a fixed phase relationship , no provision was made to ensure the two supplies were aligned and putting out the same phase at the same time .
When the LM 's rendezvous radar ( which tracked the still-orbiting Command/Service Module ( CSM ) ) was powered up during Apollo 11 's descent ( a step designed to lessen the crew 's workload in case of an abort ) , the radar 's CDUs were energized and took stock of the state of the attached ATCA assembly . By chance , the power-up happened at a moment when the CDU 's 800 Hz power supply happened to produce energy that was n't phase aligned with the ATCA 's power ( a power-up a fraction of a second earlier or later would have resulted in aligned phases and no problems ) . The CDUs used their 800 Hz power as a reference signal for interpreting the ATCA 's position and orientation , and because the signals from the ATCA were out of phase , this produced readings that were far out of range from what the CDUs expected .
This in turn caused the CDUs to issue interrupts to the guidance computer—12,800 interrupts per second , which consumed about 15 % of the computer 's available compute time . As the rest of the landing tasks were consuming about 85 % of the computer 's time , the computer ran out of time to process all of its queued jobs in a single cycle . As scheduled jobs in the computer failed to complete in time , the programs competed for core set memory and vector accumulator registers ; eventually , one and then the other were exhausted , and the LM 's guidance computer began sounding program alarms and resetting .
The first was a `` 1202 '' alarm , indicating an executive overflow and an exhaustion of core sets . Several seconds after the first alarm Neil Armstrong , with some concern apparent in his voice , said , `` Give us a reading on the 1202 program alarm . '' Meanwhile , given his knowledge of the computer systems , Garman had already advised Steve Bales that the computer could be relied upon to function adequately so long as the alarms did not become continuous . Bales , who as guidance officer had to quickly decide whether to abort the mission over these alarms , trusted Garman 's judgment and informed flight director Kranz . Within seconds this decision was relayed through CAPCOM to the astronauts and the flight continued .
There were several additional alarms of the same type ( both 1202 and also 1201 , which indicated a vector accumulator area exhaustion ) , and then the crew was able to stop them from recurring by changing the landing procedure slightly to reduce the computer 's tasks . Apollo 11 went on to land successfully and Garman received an award from NASA for his role in the mission . Bales later recalled , `` Quite frankly , Jack , who had these things memorized said , 'that 's okay ' , before I could even remember which group it was in. ” Garman 's quick reactions and in-depth knowledge led others on his team to give him the nickname `` Gar-Flash '' .
IT and senior management
After the Apollo program , Garman and center director Chris Kraft collaborated in the then-new Spacecraft Software Division where Garman worked on Space Shuttle software , including the Flight Computer Operating System ( FCOS ) and the high-level programming language HAL/S . From 1986 through 1988 he worked at NASA Headquarters in Washington , D.C. as director of information systems services in the Space Station Program Office . Returning to Johnson Space Center in 1988 he held various senior positions in information systems , finally serving as Chief Information Officer of Johnson Space Center from 1994 through 2000 .
Later career
In 2000 , Garman left NASA and became a part of the OAO Corporation . Two years later OAO was bought by Lockheed Martin and Garman became Lockheed Martin 's technical director of NASA services , in charge of technical support for the company 's contractual activities with NASA .
Personal life
For his service to the program , Garman was honored with numerous NASA awards , including two exceptional service medals . In 1970 , Garman was part of the Apollo 13 team awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom by President Richard Nixon .
Garman was married to the former Susan Hallmark of Los Angeles ; they had two daughters . Garman died near Houston , Texas , of bone marrow cancer on September 20 , 2016 , at the age of 72 .
See also
Margaret Hamilton
References
External links
John R. Garman : Biography
John R. Garman Biographical Data Sheet
Console Audio of Apollo 11 landing
Oral Histories
1944 births
2016 deaths
NASA people
Apollo 11
University of Michigan College of Engineering alumni
People from Oak Park , Illinois
Deaths from cancer in Texas
Place of death missing
George Grier Kirkpatrick Jr. ( December 24 , 1938 – February 5 , 2003 ) was an American politician from Florida who served as a member of the Florida Senate from 1980 to 2000 .
Kirkpatrick was born in Gainesville , Florida . During his tenure in the Florida Senate , he authored the Solid Waste Management Act of 1988 , which established recycling programs statewide . He was the executive director of the Independent Colleges and Universities of Florida .
Kirkpatrick died on February 5 , 2003 , in Tallahassee .
References
External links
|-
1938 births
2003 deaths
People from Gainesville , Florida
Florida state senators
20th-century American politicians
Count Ivan Ivanovich Tolstoy ( 1858—1916 ) was an Imperial Russian politician .
Life
His father was Russian diplomat Ivan Matveyevich Tolstoy . His brother was Dmitry Ivanovich Tolstoy ( 1860-1941 ) , who was director of the Hermitage in Saint Petersburg .
He served as Vice President of the Russian Imperial Academy of Arts while Grand Duke Vladimir Alexandrovich was Academy President . He later served as Imperial Minister of Education in the Witte Government .
References
Out of My Past : The Memoirs of Count Kokovtsov Edited by H.H . Fisher and translated by Laura Matveev ; Stanford University Press , 1935 .
The Memoirs of Count Witte Edited and translated by Sydney Harcave ; Sharpe Press , 1990 .
External links
1857 births
1919 deaths
Russian monarchists
Education ministers of Russia
Ivan Ivanovich
Burials at Nikolskoe Cemetery
Scrope Howe , 1st Viscount Howe ( November 1648 – 26 January 1713 ) of Langar Hall , Nottinghamshire was an English politician . He was the Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Nottinghamshire from 1673 to 1685 and January 1689 to 1691 , and from 1710 to 1713 .
Life
He was born the eldest son of John Grobham Howe and educated at Christ Church , Oxford where he was awarded M.A . on 8 September 1665 . His father was the MP for Gloucestershire . His brothers were John Grobham Howe , Charles Howe and Emanuel Scrope Howe . He was knighted on 11 March 1663 ,
From March 1673 to July 1698 he sat in parliament as M.P . for Nottinghamshire . Howe was an uncompromising whig . On 5 December 1678 he carried up the impeachment of William Howard , 1st Viscount Stafford . In June 1680 Howe , Lord Russell , and others met together with a view to deliver a presentment to the grand jury of Middlesex against the Duke of York for being a papist , but the judges had notice and dismissed the jury before the presentment could be made . On 23 January 1685 he appeared before the king 's bench and pleaded not guilty to an allegation of speaking against the Duke of York . Howe made a humble submission , and on the following day the indictment was withdrawn .
He took a part in bringing about the Glorious Revolution , and with the Earl of Devonshire at Nottingham declared for William of Orange in November 1688 . In 1693 he was made surveyor-general of the roads , and in the same year was appointed , in succession to Elias Ashmole , comptroller of the accounts of the excise , an office which he appears to have afterwards sold to Edward Pauncfort .
On 16 May 1701 , Howe was created Viscount Howe and Baron Glenawley in the Irish peerage , which did not entitle him to enter the House of Lords . In fact he represented Nottinghamshire again in the Parliament of Great Britain from 1710 to his death .
He died in 1713 and was succeeded by his eldest surviving son , Emanuel Scrope Howe , 2nd Viscount Howe .
Family
In 1674 , he married Lady Anne Manners , the daughter of John Manners , 8th Earl of Rutland . They had three children :
John Howe , died young
Hon . Anabella Howe ( 1674–1720 ) , married George Golding of Poslingford in 1706
Margaret Howe , married Capt . Mugg
In 1698 , he married Hon . Juliana Alington ( d. 10 September 1747 ) , the daughter of William Alington , 3rd Baron Alington , by whom he had four children :
Emanuel Howe , 2nd Viscount Howe ( 1700–1735 )
Hon . Mary Howe ( d. 12 September 1749 ) , married first Thomas Herbert , 8th Earl of Pembroke and second Hon . John Mordaunt
Hon . Judith Howe ( d. 2 July 1780 ) , married Thomas Page of Battlesden , son of Sir Gregory Page , 1st Baronet
Hon . Anne Howe , married Col. Charles Mordaunt , son of Hon . Lewis Mordaunt and grandson of John Mordaunt , 1st Viscount Mordaunt
References
Attribution
1648 births
1713 deaths
People from Nottinghamshire
Alumni of Christ Church , Oxford
Viscounts in the Peerage of Ireland
Peers of Ireland created by William III
English MPs 1661–1679
English MPs 1679
English MPs 1680–1681
English MPs 1689–1690
English MPs 1690–1695
English MPs 1695–1698
Members of the Parliament of Great Britain for English constituencies
British MPs 1710–1713
Knights Bachelor
Gurley Precision Instruments , or GPI , is an ISO-9001 certified U.S. manufacturing company based in Troy , New York .
History
Gurley Enterprise was established by William Gurley and Lewis E. Gurley in 1845 , brothers who were both alumni of Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute . In 1885 Gurley started making Hydrologic equipment and in the early 1900s acquired many new fields including paper testing equipment and thermometers . During World War II Gurley won the Army-Navy ‘ E ' Award for their contribution to the war effort . In the 1950s the company started producing optical encoders . During the Cold war era , Gurley manufactured gyroscopes , sextants , star trackers , theodolites , angle dividers , optical positioning systems , and various other precision guidance devices for guided missiles and for space launch vehicles . Teledyne Corporation acquired W. & L. E. Gurley in 1968 . In 1993 Gurley was sold again and became Gurley Precision Instruments .
The W. & L. E. Gurley Building in Troy was named a National Historic Landmark in 1983 .
Units of measurement
GPI has been responsible for the creation of two commonly used units of measure . These units were so named due to the association with the devices used for their measurement .
Porosity
The Gurley second or Gurley unit is a unit that describes air permeability as a function of the time required for a specified amount of air to pass through a specified area of a separator under a specified pressure . Specifically , it is defined as the number of seconds required for 100 cubic centimeters ( 1 deciliter ) of air to pass through 1.0 square inch of a given material at a pressure differential of 4.88 inches of water ( 0.176 psi ) ( ISO 5636-5:2003 ) .
Stiffness
The Gurley unit is a measure of the stiffness of a material . Since the measurement device holds a piece of material vertically and tests the force required to deflect the material a given amount . One Gurley unit is equivalent to one milligram of force
, however the Gurley unit also implies measurement with this apparatus . A related unit , the Taber , is highly correlated but uses a different apparatus ( manufactured by Taber Industries ) for performing measurements .
References
GPI homepage
A Dictionary of Units of Measurement
Relation between Taber and Gurley
Troy , New York
Manufacturing companies based in New York ( state )
Shelby Ann Fero ( born October 27 , 1993 ) is an American writer and comedian .
Early life
Fero was born at Stanford Hospital on October 27 , 1993 . After graduating from Menlo-Atherton High School , she attended the USC School of Cinematic Arts before leaving to pursue a career in comedy .
Career
Shelby Fero is an American comedian best known for her popular tweets . She has written for Cracked and HelloGiggles . Fero has done stand-up at Magic Bag ( Eliza Skinner 's and DC Pierson 's stand-up showcase in Los Angeles ) . She appeared on a live version of WTF with Marc Maron , and has been a panelist several times on National Public Radio 's Wait Wait ... Do n't Tell Me show . She played Denise ( mispronounced as Dee-nice ) in Key & Peele 's viral `` Substitute Teacher '' sketch . In 2016 , she won an Emmy Award for Outstanding Short Form Animated Program .
Filmography
Film
2013 Froyo Robbery ( Short )
2014 DeAndre Jordan 's Amazing Charles Barkley Impression ( Short )
2014 The Live Read of Space Jam with Blake Griffin ( Short )
Television
Other Space
Money from Strangers
@ midnight
Chozen
Robot Chicken
Brad Neely 's Harg Nallin Sclopio Peepio
Disney 's 3x5 Live
Idiotest Season 3 , episode 18 ( 2016 )
'' Loiter Squad Season 3
See also
List of Wait Wait ... Do n't Tell Me ! episodes ( 2016 )
List of Wait Wait ... Do n't Tell Me ! episodes ( 2014 )
Hey Girl ( TV series )
List of WTF with Marc Maron episodes
List of Comedy Bang ! Bang ! episodes
References
External links
1993 births
American women comedians
American women screenwriters
People from Santa Clara , California
Living people
USC School of Cinematic Arts alumni
Comedians from California
Primetime Emmy Award winners
Screenwriters from California
21st-century American comedians
21st-century American screenwriters
21st-century American women writers
Suasa is a monotypic butterfly genus in the family Lycaenidae erected by Lionel de Nicéville in 1890 . Its only species , Suasa lisides , the red imperial , was first described by William Chapman Hewitson in 1863 . It is a small butterfly found in India .
See also
List of butterflies of India ( Lycaenidae )
References
External links
With images .
Butterflies of Asia
Monotypic butterfly genera
Iolaini
Taxa named by Lionel de Nicéville
Lycaenidae genera
This is a list of villages in Bidupur block , Vaishali district , Bihar state , India .
See also
List of villages in Vaishali district
References
Lists of villages in Vaishali district
Bidupur
Heidi Skjerve ( born 24 July 1979 in Rennebu , Norway ) is a Norwegian jazz musician ( singer ) and composer .
Career
Skjerve is a skilled , experienced and versatile jazz singer with a background of Jazz and music technology studies on the Jazz program at Trondheim Musikkonservatorium ( 1998–2002 ) , including studies at Kungliga Musikhögskolan in Stockholm .
She collaborated within the Trondheim Voices for several years , as well as appearing as soloist with the
Trondheim Jazz Orchestra , participated within the Swedish improvisation ensemble `` Northern Alliance '' ( 2001 ) , participated in The Sources of Christmas ( 2002 ) and on Spill ( 2002 ) with traditional folk musicians `` Flukt '' , and contributed to the Barramundi/Lina Langendorf Quartet , and Ståle Storløkken 's `` S. Møller '' Blokk 80 ( 2002 ) .
She has led her own quartet including Kjetil Eide ( piano ) , Ole Morten Vågan ( bass ) Truls Rønning ( drums ) , performing at the Vossajazz ( 2002 ) . With her own quintet , she has released two albums , comprising Espen Reinertsen ( saxophone ) , Erlend Slettevoll ( piano ) , Roger Arntzen ( bass ) , and Truls Rønning ( drums ) . In recent years she has developed her artistic expression in improvisation at the intersection of jazz and folk music . Her project to smelt folk Trøndelag with jazz and an exciting musical expression , while helping to promote and preserve the peculiar folk song treasure .
Honors
Geir Digerne 's memorial award 2008
Discography
2006 : Coming Home ( Curling Legs ) , with her own compositions performed by her own quintet
2008 : Morning News of the Woods ( Curling Legs ) , with her own quintet , with contributions from Thom Hell and Nidaros Strykekvartett .
2012 : Vegen Åt Deg ( Øra Fonogram ) , with her own quartet , including John Pål Inderberg , Vigleik Storaas and Trygve Waldemar Fiske
References
External links
Norwegian women jazz singers
Norwegian jazz composers
Norwegian University of Science and Technology alumni
Musicians from Rennebu
1979 births
Living people
20th-century Norwegian women singers
21st-century Norwegian women singers
Trondheim Jazz Orchestra members
Trondheim Voices members
Fletchers Lake is a suburban community of the Halifax Regional Municipality in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia .
References
Explore HRM
Communities in Halifax , Nova Scotia
General Service Areas in Nova Scotia
The Heights of Guan are a historical name given to a series of hills extending in a ridge along western Long Island in New York State . The ridge extends in an east-northeast direction across the modern-day New York City boroughs of Brooklyn and Queens , with hills varying in height from . The southern slope of the ridge has a relatively steep drop and the northern slope is more gradual . Further to the south is an outwash plain bordered by the Atlantic Ocean . Geologically , the ridge is part of the Harbor Hill Moraine formed 13,000 to 12,000 years ago during the Wisconsin glaciation .
Guan is a variant of Gowanus .
The Heights of Guan played a strategic role during the Battle of Brooklyn , early in the American Revolutionary War . The ridge formed a natural defensive line against an attacking force from the south due to the steepness of the southern slope and the heavily wooded terrain covered in dense brush . There were four passes through the Heights of Guan :
Gowanus Pass : Where 7,000 troops under General James Grant attacked 2,000 troops under Lord Stirling after the initial skirmish of the battle at the Red Lion Inn .
Flatbush Pass ( Battle Pass ) : Where the Flatbush Road cut through the pass . The Americans had chopped down a large oak tree called the Dongan Oak to block the road and the pass at a location which is in today 's Prospect Park .
Bedford Pass : The troops defending this pass retreated toward the Battle Pass after being outflanked . Today the location of the pass is a small street known as Clove Road .
Jamaica Pass : The lightly guarded pass on the Jamaica road that the British used to outflank the Americans after capturing four American horsemen on guard . Howe forced William Howard , owner of Howard 's Tavern located on the Jamaica Road to the south of the Heights of Guan , and his fourteen-year-old son , to show him the way to an old Rockaway Indian trail , called the Rockaway Path , which skirted the pass itself . It is in today 's Evergreen Cemetery .
In the decades after the war , population growth in the Heights was not as rapid as in other nearby rural areas . Roads were improved , however , and with urban sprawl after the mid-19th century various railroads crossed the Heights including the South Brooklyn Railway . Prospect Reservoir and Ridgewood Reservoir were built on the Heights to serve the water needs of the growing City of Brooklyn , and Eastern Parkway later ran along the ridgeline between them . Park Slope and Crown Heights became prosperous suburban commuter towns .
External links
Historical Marker Database , Evergreen Cemetery , Rockaway Path
References
New York ( state ) in the American Revolution
18th century in Brooklyn
1776 in New York ( state )
Landforms of Brooklyn
is an independent Japanese professional wrestling promotion . The promotion was founded by and is owned by puroresu legend Genichiro Tenryu , who has owned and operated it since its creation in 2010 . The Tenryu project is the successor to Tenryu 's WAR promotion that ran from 1992 until 2000 as well as Tenryu 's Super World of Sports ( SWS ) that existed from 1990 until 1992 . The Tenryu project have very few wrestlers under full-time contract and acts as a booking office for those under contract . For their shows they work with other Japanese wrestling promotions or hire freelance wrestlers to compete . After Tenryu 's in-ring retirement match , Tenryu Project stopped running shows . After 5 years since Tenryu 's retirement , a special Anniversary show was held in 2020 titled `` Kakumei Densho '' . Tenryu Project was re-esthablished with a tour in 2021 titled `` Survive the Revolution '' .
Roster
Notable guests/alumni
Genichiro Tenryu
Kengo Mashimo
Kuuga
Mitsunobu Kikuzawa
Nosawa Rongai
Ryuichi Kawakami
Taru
Championships and accomplishments
Current championships
As of , , Tenryu Project has three recognized championships , all revived from WAR .
Notable shows
First Show
The first show ever held under the `` Tenryu Project '' banner took place on April 19 , 2010 in the Shinjuku Face arena in Tokyo , Japan .
Genichiro Tenryu Retirement ~ Revolution Final Tour
Genichiro Tenryu started his retirement tour with a show at the Shin-Kiba 1st Ring arena on March 6 , 2015 .
Genichiro Tenryu Retirement ~ Revolution Final Tour in Shinjuku
This event took place on April 3 , 2015 .
Genichiro Tenryu Retirement ~ Revolution Final Tour in Korakuen
This event took place at the Korakuen Hall on September 2 , 2015 .
Genichiro Tenryu Retirement ~ Revolution Final
November 15 , 2015 at Ryōgoku Kokugikan , Tokyo . Last card of the promotion before the 2020 revival .
See also
WAR
Super World of Sports
References
External links
Tenryu Project
Tenryu Project in Youtube ( New )
Tenryu Project in Youtube ( Old )
Japanese professional wrestling promotions
2010 establishments in Japan
Tenryu Project
Maru Pradesh ( मरुप्रदेश ) is a geographical region and a proposed desert state in North West India , to be carved out from the state of Rajasthan . The proposed state consists of Barmer district , Jaisalmer district , Bikaner district , Churu district , Ganganagar district , Hanumangarh district , Jhunjhunu district , Jodhpur district , Nagaur district , Pali district , Jalore district , Sirohi district and Sikar district . The largest landmass of India , Rajasthan , which is larger in area than 110 countries of the world , is divided into two parts by the Aravalli Range , one side of which is Thar Desert , known as Maru Pradesh .
Deshnoke will be developed as the capital of the region .
History of the desert movement
When Rajasthan was being formed , Jodhpur and Bikaner State strongly opposed the merger of Rajasthan and both these states were in favor of creating a desert state . It is even said in the history that the then ruler of Jodhpur , Hanwant Singh , went to the first Lok Sabha wearing a black turban in protest against the merger into Rajasthan .
Then in 1953 , Mr. Pratap Singh , former Minister of Bikaner State , protested against the merger of Rajasthan and creating Bikaner for desert . He called Bikaner Bandh .
In 1956 , when new states were formed , many memoranda were also given and the government ignored the international border citing security . From time to time , voices in different parts used to arise for Marupradesh .
Former MP Swami Keshavanand not only voiced his opinion , but also wrote in his book , Marubhoomi Seva that the entire development of this desert will happen only when this desert becomes a separate state .
In the immediate period , Gumanmal Lodha started this movement in Jodhpur , and then became an MP from Pali District
In 1998 , Former Maharaja Gajsingh of Jodhpur also said that this desert will be developed by becoming a desert .
Amrit Nahata , MP from Barmer , the author Dilsukh Rai Chaudhary Sikar , Chandra Prakash Deora of Jodhpur , former foreign minister Jaswant Singh , and others also voiced protests .
When the then Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee created three new states in the year 2000 , Bhairon Singh Shekhawat wrote a letter saying that for the development of the entire Rajasthan and the internal security of the country , two parts of the state were gone done .
In 2014 Sona Ram , a former MP from Barmer , also raised the demand for the development of the desert . Similarly , Congress leader Rameshwar Lal Dudi , Bhadra former MLA Suresh Chaudhary , MP and RLP leader Hanuman Beniwal have also expressed support for Marupradesh .
Demographics
As per the Census 2011 data , total population of the proposed state is 28,132,949 .
Religions
Languages
References
Proposed states and union territories of India
The Hospital General Universitario Gregorio Marañón is a public general hospital located at the neighborhood of Ibiza in Madrid , Spain , part of the hospital network of the Servicio Madrileño de Salud ( SERMAS ) .
It is one of the healthcare institutions associated to the Complutense University of Madrid ( UCM ) for the purpose of clinical internship .
History
A project of Martín José Marcide , it was built on the landplot delimited by the streets of Doctor Esquerdo , Doctor Castelo , Ibiza and Máiquez formerly occupied by the Hospital de San Juan de Dios . It was an enterprise of the provincial diputación ; the Provincial Hospital of Madrid/General Hospital of Madrid ( an institution with more than four centuries of history ) moved to the new facilities . It was inaugurated by Francisco Franco on 18 July 1968 under the name Ciudad Sanitaria Provincial Francisco Franco . Years after the death of the dictator it was renamed , making a reference to Gregorio Marañón , renowned physician . The hospital complex comprises more than 20 buildings .
It is a reference center in the fields of cardiology and oncology . It particularly stands out at heart transplantation in children . As of 2017 , it has 1,671 beds and 45 operating rooms .
See also
List of hospitals in Spain
References
Bibliography
Gregorio Maranzzon
Buildings and structures in Ibiza neighborhood , Madrid
Eleonor Hultin ( born 9 August 1963 ) is a Swedish former footballer who played as a forward for GAIS and Jitex BK of the Swedish Championship . She won two editions of the Årets Fotbollstjej Award , the forerunner of the Diamantbollen , in 1987 and 1989 , and was Damallsvenskan top scorer in 1989 . She won 24 caps and scored six goals for the Sweden women 's national football team .
Club career
In 1987 , while playing for the Gothenburg club GAIS , Hultin was named Swedish Women 's Footballer of the Year . After transferring to Jitex BK based in nearby Mölndal , she won the award again in 1989 . Her 25 goals that season made her the top goal scorer and helped Jitex secure the 1989 Damallsvenskan title .
International career
Hultin made her debut for Sweden women 's national football team in the 1984 European Competition for Women 's Football qualifying series , as a substitute in a 5–0 win over Iceland in Ronneby on 24 August 1983 . She scored her first goal in Sweden 's next fixture , a 2–1 win over rivals Norway in Elverum on 24 September 1983 .
Sweden had a strong team during Hultin 's national team career and , although she amassed a record in her 24 appearances , she was not selected for the final stages of Sweden 's victorious 1984 European Competition for Women 's Football campaign . She did participate in the squads which finished second in 1987 and third in 1989 , and she featured in the 2–0 friendly win over England at Wembley Stadium in May 1989 . Her final appearance was in February 1991 , prior to the 1991 FIFA Women 's World Cup in November .
References
External links
Eleonor Hultin at Swedish Football Association ( SvFF )
Swedish women 's footballers
Sweden women 's international footballers
Living people
1963 births
Women 's association football forwards
Jitex BK players
Damallsvenskan players
Mudula ( also known as Sigezo ) is a town in southeastern Ethiopia . Located in the Kembata Tembaro Zone of the Southern Nations , Nationalities and Peoples Region , this town has a latitude and longitude of with an elevation of 2100 meters above sea level . It is the largest town in Tembaro woreda .
In 1997 the teachers of the Mudula school found a new way to address the high female drop-out rate . They formed a Girls ' Advisory Committee which noted when girls dropped out of school , visiting their homes and trying to persuade their parents to send the girls back to school . The approach was highly successful , and is now being followed by many other schools financed by the USAID Community Schools Grants Program .
Many in the area are malnourished , and are susceptible to Malaria . In July 2003 World Vision began malaria control in their therapeutic feeding center ( TFC ) in Mudula . The TFC has reported that of the total admission of 153 severely malnourished children , 142 had proven cases of malaria . 225 parents were also treated for malaria . World Vision is providing training and insecticide treated nets for all children discharged from the TFC .
Based on figures from the Central Statistical Agency in 2005 , Mudula has an estimated total population of 5,195 of whom 2,511 are men and 2,684 are women . The 1994 national census reported this town had a total population of 2,867 , of whom 1,390 were men and 1,477 were women .
References
Populated places in the Southern Nations , Nationalities , and Peoples ' Region
The Boca is a left tributary of the river Siret in Romania . It flows into the Siret near Miclăușeni . Its length is and its basin size is .
References
Rivers of Romania
Rivers of Iași County
Malavika Mohanan ( born 4 August 1993 ) is an Indian actress who works predominantly in Malayalam and Tamil films . The daughter of cinematographer K. U. Mohanan , she made her acting debut in the Malayalam film Pattam Pole ( 2013 ) . She gained praise for her starring role in Majid Majidi 's Hindi film Beyond the Clouds ( 2017 ) . She has since played the leading lady in the Malayalam thriller film The Great Father ( 2017 ) , and the Tamil action films Petta ( 2019 ) and Master ( 2021 ) .
Early life
Malavika Mohanan was born 4 August 1993 and is the daughter of cinematographer K. U. Mohanan . She was born in the town of Payyanur in Kannur district of Kerala and grew up in Mumbai .
Career
2013–2017 : Early work
Mohanan completed a degree in Mass Media at Wilson College , Mumbai , hoping to emulate her father as a cinematographer or as a director . Post her graduation , while she was contemplating taking up higher studies , she accompanied her father to a commercial shoot for a fairness cream , starring veteran Malayalam actor Mammootty . The actor subsequently enquired about Mohanan 's interest in acting , before offering her a role opposite his son , Dulquer Salmaan , in an upcoming Malayalam film . Mohanan took time to consider the proposal before passing an audition and accepting terms to star in Pattam Pole ( 2013 ) , and gradually learned about the process of acting as the shoot progressed . Owing to the original costume designer 's illness , Mohanan also worked as her own designer for the project . The romantic drama film , which narrated the relationship between a Tamil Brahmin youth and a Christian girl , received mixed reviews and did not perform well at the box office . A critic from Rediff.com noted that Mohanan 's `` peppy girl act is far from being perfect but shows promise '' , while the Times of India 's reviewers suggested that she did a `` decent job '' . During the period , she continued having an interest in fashion , setting up an Indian ethnic fusion clothing brand called `` The Scarlet Window '' .
Her second film , Nirnayakam ( 2015 ) , Mohanan portrayed as a ballet dancer , won good reviews but also met with a tepid response commercially . Another film during the period , Naale opposite Fahadh Faasil , saw her portray a tribal girl but was later dropped midway through production . In 2016 , Mohanan worked on her first Kannada film , Naanu Mattu Varalakshmi ( 2016 ) opposite a debutant actor , Prithvi . Despite having a low-key release at the box office , the film won good reviews with Mohanan 's portrayal of the titular role of Varalakshmi being praised by critics . She then featured in the role of a police officer in the crime thriller The Great Father ( 2017 ) , where she starred alongside an ensemble cast including Mammootty , Arya and Sneha . The film opened to positive reviews and performed well at the box office .
2017–present : Beyond the Clouds and beyond
Mohanan 's breakthrough as an actress came through her role as Tara , a poor girl from Mumbai 's Dhobi Ghat area , in Majid Majidi 's drama film , Beyond the Clouds ( 2017 ) . Following her successful audition , Majidi selected her ahead of renowned actresses Deepika Padukone and Kangana Ranaut for the role , which saw her portray the older sister of debutant Ishaan Khatter . She expressed her delight at working with Majidi so early in her career , especially considering that she regularly had to study and write essays on his films during her undergraduate course . For the film , Mohanan lost eight kilograms in fifteen days to film for a jail sequence , and opted not to wash her hair for several days on end to get the look of the slum dweller correct . The film was screened across several international festivals , before being released worldwide in April 2018 . Mohanan won positive reviews for her portrayal , with Filmfare 's critic stating `` Malavika Mohanan is a natural in front of the camera '' . A reviewer from The Times of India stated she was `` captivating in her honest portrayal '' and `` skilfully walks the fine line between passionate and melodramatic '' , while The Hollywood Reporter called her `` solid '' .
In mid-2018 , she signed on to appear in a role in Karthik Subbaraj 's Petta ( 2019 ) , which would feature her alongside an ensemble cast including Rajinikanth , Vijay Sethupathi and Nawazuddin Siddiqui . For the film , which marked her first project in the Tamil language , Mohanan hired a Tamil-speaking tutor to help her practice her lines . She then went on to appear in the Tamil action thriller film Master ( 2021 ) alongside Vijay , in which she played the role of Charulatha , a college lecturer . The film was a huge commercial success , and became the highest-grossing film in her career .
In 2022 , her first release was Maaran , opposite Dhanush . The film opt a theatrical release , with released via directly on Disney+Hotstar , with received negative reviews from critics and audience . She is currently shootings for her upcoming Hindi film Yudhra opposite Siddhant Chaturvedi . The latter is scheduled to release in Summer 2022 .
Filmography
Film
Web series
Awards & nominations
References
External links
1993 births
21st-century Indian actresses
Actresses from Kerala
Actresses in Malayalam cinema
Actresses in Kannada cinema
Actresses in Hindi cinema
Actresses in Tamil cinema
Indian film actresses
Living people
People from Kannur district
Actresses from Mumbai
Italy competed at the 2018 Mediterranean Games in Tarragona , Spain from 22 June to 1 July 2018 .
Medals
Medalists
Updated to 29 June ( 122 medals ) .
Archery
Artistic Gymnastics
Athletics
Badminton
Basketball
Bowls
Boxing
Cycling
Equestrian
Fencing
Football
Golf
Judo
Karate
Rhythmic gymnastics
Rowing
Sailing
Shooting
Swimming
Triathlon
Volleyball
Waterski
Weightlifting
Wrestling
See also
Italy at the Mediterranean Games
References
External links
Italy National Team Medal Table at CONI website
Nations at the 2018 Mediterranean Games
2018
2018 in Italian sport
The Cetruminantia are a clade made up of the Cetancodontamorpha ( or Whippomorpha ) and their closest living relatives , the Ruminantia .
Cetruminantia 's placement within Artiodactyla can be represented in the following cladogram :
Classification
Order Artiodactyla ( even-toed ungulates )
Tylopoda ( camelids )
Artiofabula ( ruminants , pigs , peccaries , whales , and dolphins )
Suina ( pigs and peccaries )
Cetruminantia ( ruminants , whales , and dolphins )
Suborder Ruminantia ( antelope , buffalo , cattle , goats , sheep , deer , giraffes , and chevrotains )
Family Antilocapridae ( pronghorn )
Family Bovidae , 135 species ( antelope , bison , buffalo , cattle , goats , and sheep )
Family Cervidae , 55~94 species ( deer , elk , and moose )
Family Giraffidae , 2 species ( giraffes , okapis )
Family Moschidae , 4~7 species ( musk deer )
Family Tragulidae , 6~10 species ( chevrotains , or mouse deer )
Suborder Whippomorpha ( aquatic or semi-aquatic even-toed ungulates )
Infraorder Acodonta
Family Hippopotamidae , 2 species ( hippopotamuses )
Infraorder Cetacea ( whales , dolphins , and porpoises )
Mysticeti ( baleen whales )
Family Balaenidae , 2~4 species ( right whales and bowhead whales )
Family Balaenopteridae , 6~9 species ( rorquals )
Family Eschrichtiidae , 1 species ( gray whale )
Family Neobalaenidae , 1 species ( pygmy right whale )
Odontoceti ( toothed whales , dolphins , and porpoises )
Superfamily Delphinoidea ( dolphins , arctic whales , porpoises , and relatives )
Family Delphinidae , 38 species ( dolphins , killer whales , and relatives )
Family Monodontidae , 2 species ( beluga and narwhal )
Family Phocoenidae , 6 species ( porpoises )
Superfamily Physeteroidea ( sperm whales )
Family Kogiidae , 2 species ( pygmy and dwarf sperm whales )
Family Physeteridae , 1 species ( common sperm whale )
Superfamily Ziphoidea ( beaked whales )
Family Ziphidae , 22 species ( modern beaked whales )
Superfamily Platanistoidea ( river dolphins )
Family Iniidae , 1~3 species ( South American river dolphin ( s ) )
Family Lipotidae , 1 species ( baiji or Chinese river dolphin )
Family Platanistidae , 1~2 species ( Asian river dolphin ( s ) )
Family Pontoporiidae , 1 species ( La Plata dolphin )
References
Artiofabula
Phylogenetics
Andrej Borisovich Arbuzov ( ) ( born 30 June 1967 in Protvino , USSR ) is a Russian theoretical physicist . His scientific interests include quantum field theory , elementary particle physics , and cosmology . He is affiliated with the Joint Institute for Nuclear Research as a group leader in the Bogoliubov Laboratory of Theoretical Physics . He is a Doctor of Sciences in physical-mathematical sciences ( 2011 ) , professor of the Russian Academy of Sciences ( 2016 ) .
Biography
Andrej Arbuzov was born in Protvino , Moscow region on 30 June 1967 . His father is Boris Arbuzov .
Education
Graduated from the Lomonosov Moscow State University , the Faculty of Physics ( 1992 ) .
Scientific and academic degrees
Candidate of sciences degree in physical-mathematical sciences with the theoretical physics specialty was received from the Joint Institute for Nuclear Research ( 1996 ) under the guidance of professor Eduard Kuraev .
Doctor of Sciences degree in physical-mathematical sciences with the theoretical physics specialty was defended at the Institute for Nuclear Research ( INR RAS ) ( 2011 ) .
Academic rank : professor of the Russian Academy of Sciences ( 2016 ) .
Career
1992—1998 work in the Bogoliubov Laboratory of Theoretical Physics , Joint Institute for Nuclear Research , Dubna , Russia .
1999—2000 postdoctoral researcher at the University of Turin , Turin , Italy .
2001—2002 postdoctoral researcher at the University of Alberta , Edmonton , Canada .
Since 2002 work in the Bogoliubov Laboratory of Theoretical Physics , Joint Institute for Nuclear Research , Dubna , Russia .
2012—2017 worked as a Deputy director of the Bogoliubov Laboratory of Theoretical Physics , Joint Institute for Nuclear Research .
Professor at the Dubna State University .
Secretary of the `` Physics of Elementary Particles and Atomic Nuclei '' journal editorial board .
Member of the `` MDPI Universe journal '' advisory board .
Scientific achievements
Scientific interests of A . B. Arbuzov include quantum field theory , phenomenology of the Standard Model of particle physics , radiative corrections , and Cosmology . He contributed to the development of theoretical methods for high-precision description of particle interactions . His results were used in the data analysis of many experiments at colliders including HERA , VEPP-2000 , LEP , and LHC .
Scientific publications
In the inSPIRE database
In the Scopus database
In the Google Scholar database
References
External links
Personal page on the Joint Institute for Nuclear Research site
Personal profile in the inSPIRE database
Personal profile in the Scopus database
Personal profile in ORCID
Personal page on the All-Russian Mathematical Portal `` Math-Net.ru '' ( in Russian )
Profile in database Russian Science Citation Index ( in Russian )
1967 births
Theoretical physicists
20th-century Russian physicists
21st-century Russian physicists
Moscow State University alumni
Living people
Russian professors
Scientists from Moscow
The Carlow Crusaders were a rugby league team based in Carlow , Ireland . They played in the Irish Elite League . They played home games at Oak Park , Carlow . The Crusaders were forced to play most of their games in Cill Dara RFC , Kildare as Oak Park is owned & used by Carlow RFC .
The Carlow Crusaders were embroiled in controversy when they opted to pull out of the 2011 All Ireland Final against the Treaty City Titans . They have yet to explain publicly their reasons for the action but has since been found guilty of bringing the game into disrepute by an independent panel . This decision has left many wondering if Carlow will take part in any further rugby league competitions . They are currently in the process of appealing the charge .
Honours
Irish Elite League ( 1 ) : 2008
Former players
Ross Barbour
See also
Rugby League Ireland
2008 establishments in Ireland
Defunct rugby league teams in Ireland
Irish rugby league teams
Rugby clubs established in 2008
Sport in Carlow ( town )
Sports clubs in County Carlow
The 1996–97 WHL season was the 31st season for the Western Hockey League . Eighteen teams completed a 72-game season . The Lethbridge Hurricanes won the President 's Cup .
League notes
The Edmonton Ice joined the WHL as its 18th franchise , playing in the Central Division .
The Swift Current Broncos moved to the East Division .
Regular season
Final standings
Scoring leaders
Note : GP = Games played ; G = Goals ; A = Assists ; Pts = Points ; PIM = Penalties in minutes
Goaltending leaders
Note : GP = Games played ; Min = Minutes played ; W = Wins ; L = Losses ; T = Ties ; GA = Goals against ; SO = Total shutouts ; SV % = Save percentage ; GAA = Goals against average
1997 WHL Playoffs
Top eight teams in the Eastern Conference ( East and Central divisions ) qualified for playoffs
Top six teams in the Western Conference ( division ) qualified for the playoffs
Conference Quarterfinals
Eastern Conference
Western Conference
Conference semifinals
Conference finals
WHL Championship
All-Star game
On January 22 , the Western Conference defeated the Eastern Conference 7–5 at Spokane , Washington before a WHL record crowd of 10,455 .
WHL awards
All-Star Teams
See also
1997 Memorial Cup
1997 NHL Entry Draft
1996 in sports
1997 in sports
References
whl.ca
2005–06 WHL Guide
Western Hockey League seasons
WHL
WHL
The Kalakai Sanctuary is an ancient structure located on a small plateau in the Biyen River valley of the Dzungar Alatau , near the China–Kazakhstan border .
Description
The Kalakai Sanctuary was built from boulders of various sizes to form a circle in diameter . There is a large boulder in the centre of the sanctuary that is believed to have been deposited when an ancient glacier receded . Within the circle , several large stones have been placed to resemble a sundial , pointing to the four cardinal directions . The monument dates to the first millennium BC . Some suggest it may be older , referencing images painted on the central boulder resembling Bronze Age cave paintings . However , no reliable evidence has been found to support this claim and the paintings , as well as the sanctuary , are believed to have been made by the nomadic Saka peoples . Mounds built by the Saka have also been found nearby , but they are believed to be unrelated .
The paintings on the central boulder feature mountain sheep with curved horns . The development of the sanctuary is believed to coincide with the formation of the Saka tribal unions and their transition to a state with a hereditary ruler .
Scientists believe that the sanctuary may have been used as a clock and calendar , which is why it is referred to as `` The Observatory '' . In ancient times , the sanctuary may have been used to calculate the time of day , equinoxes and the arrival of new seasons .
References
Святилище Калакай - ( 5 декабря 2016 ) . Дата обращения 26 августа 2019 .
Джунгарский Алатау
Geography of Kazakhstan
Nicola Eisenschmid ( born 10 September 1996 ) is a German ice hockey player and member of the German national team , playing in the Swedish Women 's Hockey League ( SDHL ) with Djurgårdens IF Hockey Dam .
She represented Germany at the IIHF Women 's World Championships in 2015 , 2017 , 2019 , 2021 , and 2022 .
Her older brother , Markus Eisenschmid , and older sister , Tanja Eisenschmid , are also German national team ice hockey players .
References
External links
1996 births
Living people
Djurgårdens IF Hockey Dam players
German expatriate ice hockey people
German expatriate sportspeople in Sweden
German ice hockey right wingers
German women 's ice hockey forwards
People from Marktoberdorf
Sportspeople from Swabia ( Bavaria )
Fuchsia Swing Song is the debut album by American saxophonist Sam Rivers recorded in 1964 and released on the Blue Note label . The album was reissued on CD in 1995 , and again in 2003 as part of the `` Connoisseur Series '' ( limited edition series ) including four alternate takes as bonus tracks .
Reception
The Allmusic review by Thom Jurek awarded the album 4½ stars and stated `` By the time of his debut , Rivers had been deep under the influence of Coltrane and [ Ornette ] Coleman , but was n't willing to give up the blues just yet . Hence the sound on Fuchsia Swing Song is one of an artist who is at once very self-assured , and in transition ... This is a highly recommended date . Rivers never played quite like this again '' .
Track listing
All compositions by Sam Rivers .
`` Fuchsia Swing Song '' – 6:03
`` Downstairs Blues Upstairs '' – 5:33
`` Cyclic Episode '' – 6:57
`` Luminous Monolith '' – 6:31
`` Beatrice '' – 6:13
`` Ellipsis '' – 7:43
Bonus tracks on CD reissue :
`` Luminous Monolith '' [ Alternate Take ] – 6:39
`` Downstairs Blues Upstairs '' [ First Alternate Take ] – 8:09
`` Downstairs Blues Upstairs '' [ Second Alternate Take ] – 7:47
`` Downstairs Blues Upstairs '' [ Third Alternate Take ] – 7:49
Personnel
Sam Rivers – tenor saxophone
Jaki Byard – piano
Ron Carter – bass
Tony Williams – drums
References
Blue Note Records albums
Sam Rivers albums
1965 debut albums
Albums recorded at Van Gelder Studio
Albums produced by Alfred Lion
Onde 2000 is a motorcycle racing team previously competing in the 125 cc road racing Grand Prix world championship . The team withdrew from MotoGP after 8 races in the 2009 season due to financial difficulties .
In 2009 , the team competed in 6 races under the name Grupo Francisco Hernando Ducati Team and using a Ducati Desmosedici motorcycle .
History
2008
The team was officially launched early in 2008 , running two bikes in the 125 cc Grand Prix category . The team entered two KTM motorcycles , ridden by Pablo Nieto and Raffaele de Rosa .
2009
Onde 2000 stepped up to the MotoGP class in 2009 with the Spanish rider Sete Gibernau riding a Ducati Desmosedici . however financial problems restricted them to 6 rounds ending with the US GP with the best result of 11th at the Spanish Grand Prix .
References
External links
Onde 2000 Team Official website
Motorcycle racing teams
Motorcycle racing teams established in 2008
2008 establishments in Spain
Motorcycle racing teams disestablished in 2009
2009 disestablishments in Spain
FC Gonio ( ) is a Georgian association football club based in Gonio , the southern settlement of Batumi . They currently compete in Regionuli Liga , the fifth tier of the national league system .
History
The club was established in April 2021 and included in Regionuli Liga West Group tournament for the upcoming season . After two initial wins Gonio sustained two straight defeats under manager Giorgi Zoidze and afterwards stayed in midtable . In early July , after Phase 1 was completed , a new head coach was appointed . Irakli Gogichaishvili had previously trained Liga 4 side Betlemi Keda .
Overall , during the season the team recorded six victories with a large margin , including 8-0 in October .
Seasons
Stadium
The team 's home ground is the Central stadium , although several games of the 2021 season were also held at different avenues such as in Keda and Akhalsopeli near Khelvachauri .
Name
The town of Gonio is located at a historic place famous for its Roman-era fortress .
References
External Links
Page in Facebook
Gonio Batumi
Batumi
2021 establishments in Georgia ( country )
The Encyclopedia Magica is a four-volume series of accessories for the 2nd edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game , published in 1994–1995 .
Contents
Encyclopedia Magica is a four-volume set that aims to cover every magic item in existence in the AD & D world , from Abacus of Calculation to Zwieback of Zymurgy . The series lists all of the AD & D magical items from two decades of TSR products—every boxed set , accessory , and magazine article . The books total more than 1500 pages across the four volumes , and are bound in a plastic jacket . Entries for the series were culled from the Dungeon Master 's Guide , the Basic and Expert Sets , modules and campaign settings , and Dragon and other magazines .
The fourth volume contains an index to the entire set , and a complete magic item random determination table , and includes some of the most numerous categories with entries on swords , staves , and wands . There was `` no attempt to correct rule imbalances , edit entries , or even match game mechanics to one particular edition of the game '' .
Publication history
Encyclopedia Magica was a result of compilation and development by Dale `` slade '' Henson , and was published by TSR . Encyclopedia Magica Volume One was released in 1994 , while Encyclopedia Magica Volume Two was printed in February 1995 , Encyclopedia Magica Volume Three was printed in May 1995 , and Encyclopedia Magica Volume Four was printed in November 1995 . Development and editing was by Doug Stewart . Interior black and white art for the series was by Arnie Swekel , while the four volumes featured interior color art variously by Gerald Brom , Clyde Caldwell , Jeff Easley , Fred Fields , Tim Hildebrandt , Jennell Jaquays , John and Laura Lakey , Roger Loveless , Keith Parkinson , Roger Raupp , and Robh Ruppel .
`` The credits acknowledge James M. Ward , 'for laughing when he heard slade had this project ' '' .
Reception
In Dragon magazine # 218 ( June 1995 ) , Rick Swan stated that these reference books possess `` a diligence on the part of the researchers that borders on the superhuman '' . He said the series `` A must for Dungeon Masters who want to spruce up their campaigns , and for every TSR contributor who longs to see his masterpiece immortalized in an upscale format . ''
Cliff Ramshaw reviewed Encyclopedia Magica Volume Four for Arcane magazine , rating it a 4 out of 10 overall . He wrote that it was Mostly for completists and that the items presented in the fourth volume were often silly .
The Encyclopedia Magica , Volume 1 won the Origins Award for Best Roleplaying Supplement of 1994 .
Reviews
Pyramid # 15
Rollespilsmagasinet Fønix ( Danish ) ( Issue 8 - May/June 1995 )
Notes
References
Dungeons & Dragons sourcebooks
Origins Award winners
Bijeljina municipality , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina , is divided into following subdivisions :
Amajlije • Balatun • Banjica • Batar • Batković • Bijeljina • Bjeloševac • Brijesnica • Brodac Donji • Brodac Gornji • Bukovica Donja • Bukovica Gornja • Crnjelovo Donje • Crnjelovo Gornje • Čađavica Donja • Čađavica Gornja • Čađavica Srednja • Čardačine • Čengić • Ćipirovine • Dazdarevo • Dragaljevac Donji • Dragaljevac Gornji • Dragaljevac Srednji • Dvorovi • Glavičice • Glavičorak • Glogovac • Gojsovac • Golo Brdo • Hase • Janja • Johovac • Kacevac • Kojčinovac • Kovanluk • Kriva Bara • Ljeljenča • Ljeskovac • Magnojević Donji • Magnojević Gornji • Magnojević Srednji • Međaši • Modran • Novo Naselje • Novo Selo • Obrijež • Ostojićevo • Patkovača • Piperci • Popovi • Dijelovi • Pučile • Ruhotina • Suho Polje • Triješnica • Trnjaci • Velika Obarska • Velino Selo • Vršani • Zagoni
Bijeljina Municipal subdivisions
USA-168 , also known as GPS IIR-9 and GPS SVN-45 , is an American navigation satellite which forms part of the Global Positioning System . It was the ninth Block IIR GPS satellite to be launched , out of thirteen in the original configuration , and twenty one overall . It was built by Lockheed Martin , using the AS-4000 satellite bus .
USA-168 was launched at 22:09:01 UTC on 31 March 2003 , atop a Delta II carrier rocket , flight number D297 , flying in the 7925-9.5 configuration . The launch took place from Space Launch Complex 17A at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station , and placed USA-168 into a transfer orbit . The satellite raised itself into medium Earth orbit using a Star-37FM apogee motor .
By 3 April 2003 , USA-168 was in an orbit with a perigee of , an apogee of , a period of 720.64 minutes , and 54.9 degrees of inclination to the equator . It is used to broadcast the PRN 21 signal , and operates in slot 3 of plane D of the GPS constellation . The satellite has a mass of , and a design life of 10 years . As of 2012 it remains in service .
References
Spacecraft launched in 2003
GPS satellites
USA satellites
Stenoma aggregata is a moth of the family Depressariidae . It is found in French Guiana .
The wingspan is about 19 mm . The forewings are greyish ochreous , faintly brownish tinged and with a series of three black dots from beneath the costa near the base to above the dorsum at two-fifths , the first and third large . The stigmata are black , the first discal large , the others small , the plical obliquely beyond the first discal , an additional small dot obliquely before and above the first discal . There is a large black dot beneath the costa before the middle , where an irregular series of small indistinct blackish dots runs beyond the cell almost to the dorsal extremity of the following . A strongly curved series of small blackish dots is found from three-fourths of the costa to the dorsum before the tornus , sinuate inwards towards the costa . There is also a marginal series of small black dots around the apex and termen . The hindwings are light grey .
References
Moths described in 1916
Stenoma
Taxa named by Edward Meyrick
Branchiostoma lanceolatum , the European lancelet or Mediterranean amphioxus , is a lancelet in the subphylum Cephalochordata . It is a marine invertebrate with a notochord but no backbone and is used as a model organism to study the evolutionary development of vertebrates .
Anatomy
Branchiostoma lanceolatum has an elongated body , flattened laterally and pointed at both ends . A stiffening rod of tightly packed cells , the notochord , extends the whole length of the body . Unlike vertebrates , the notochord persists in the adult , in form of simple dorsal neural tube slightly thickened in the anterior part ( the cerebral vesicle ) . Above it is a nerve cord with a single frontal eye . The mouth is on the underside of the body and is surrounded by a tuft of 20 or 30 cirri or slender sensory appendages . The gut runs just below the notochord from the mouth to the anus , in front of the tail . There is a flap-like , vertical fin surrounding the pointed tail . Gas exchange takes place as water passes through gill slits in the mid region , and segmented gonads lie just behind these . The animal is pearly white and semi-transparent which enables the internal organs to be seen from outside . Its appearance is similar to a `` primitive fish '' . It can grow up to 6 cm ( 2.5 in ) long .
Distribution and habitat
Branchiostoma lanceolatum is found in shallow seas in the north-east Atlantic Ocean , from 67°N in Norway south to the Mediterranean Sea and east to the Black Sea . Its range has expanded through the Suez Canal to the northerly parts of the Indian Ocean and the coasts of East Africa . It burrows in soft substrates such as sand , gravel and shell fragments and is quite particular as to the size of the particles . It occurs from the low tide mark down to about 40 metres ( 130 ft ) .
Biology
In the North Sea , breeding takes place in June and July . The mature adult Branchiostoma lanceolatum , aged 2 to 3 years , congregate in masses on the sea floor . Individuals are either male or female and spawn once a year . The eggs are laid and fertilisation takes place externally . The early larval stages take place in the substrate but a little later , the larvae become pelagic . They are elongated and flattened laterally and have a swollen region around the gill slits . These slits number 6 to 19 , the number increasing as the larva passes through its various stages . The larvae have a vertical daily migration . Each evening they rise to near the surface of the sea and in the morning they sink through the water column , feeding on phytoplankton , copepods and detritus as they descend . While in these surface waters they drift with the current . The larval stage lasts for up to 200 days .
Research
The mitochondrial genome of Branchiostoma lanceolatum has been sequenced , and the species serves as a model organism for studying the development of vertebrates . The way the coding genes and the two rRNA genes are organised is the same as the organisational method used by the sea lamprey ( Petromyzon marinus ) . These data , among others , suggest a close relationship between Branchiostoma lanceolatum and the vertebrates .
Adults can be induced to spawn in the laboratory with a thermal shock several times per year . Metamorphosis in the lab takes place in 1 to 3 months . Since 2015 , a merged effort from different labs working on this species , the Amphiencode consortium , provides a centralized platform on which genomic data is publicly accessible .
References
Cephalochordata
Animals described in 1774
Taxa named by Peter Simon Pallas
Phtheochroa amphibola is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae . It is found in Puebla , Mexico .
References
Moths described in 1994
Phtheochroa
The Simpang Lima Gumul Monument ( ) or commonly abbreviated as SLG is a monument at Kediri , East Java in Indonesia . The monument resembles the Arc de Triomphe of Paris , France . Construction of SLG began in 2003 and was inaugurated in 2008 . The building is located at Tugurejo Village , Ngasem district of Kediri Regency , precisely at the center of the meeting of five roads ( Lima means five ) that lead to Gampengrejo , Pagu , Pare , Pesantren and Plosoklaten .
The specicific reason for building Gumul Kediri Simpang Lima Monument is unknown . In some sources , it was inspired by Jongko Jojoboyo , the king of the 12th century Kediri Kingdom who wanted to unite five regions in Kediri Regency . Aside from being an icon , SLG is currently also a center of the new economy and trade of Kediri Regency .
Building characteristics
The monument has a land area of 37 hectares . The building of the monument has floor area 804 square meters and a height of 25 meters consisting of 6 floors , and is lined with 3 stairs 3 meters high from the ground floor . The number and height of the monument reflect the date , month and year of the anniversary of Kediri Regency , namely March 25 , 804 AD . On the side of the monument carved reliefs that depict the history of Kediri to the arts and culture that exist today . In one corner of the monument there is a statue ( statue ) of Ganesha , one of the gods that is widely worshiped by Hindus with the title of the God of Knowledge and Intelligence , the Protector God , the Rejection God , the God of Wisdom .
The Simpang Lima Gumul Monument is located in a strategic area and is equipped with a variety of public facilities , such as convention hall , multipurpose building , regional bank , intercity bus terminal and MPU ( General Passenger Car ) , temporary markets ( open at certain times ) Saturday and Sunday and recreational facilities such as Gumul Paradise Island Water Park . Inside the monument building there are spaces for meetings in the main building and auditorium in the upper floor which are roof-like ( dome ) roofed , multipurpose room in the basement ( basement ) , and minimarkets that sell various souvenirs in downstairs . The building also has three underground access roads to go to the monument .
References
Kediri Regency
Monuments and memorials in Indonesia
Tourist attractions in East Java
Monumental columns in Indonesia
Senator Edmunds may refer to :
Edward Perrin Edmunds ( 1925–1967 ) , Maine State Senate
George F. Edmunds ( 1828–1919 ) , U.S . Senator from Vermont
James M. Edmunds ( 1810–1879 ) , Michigan State Senate
Paul C. Edmunds ( 1836–1899 ) , Virginia State Senate
Jocelyn Noel Christine Malan Playfair ( 21 August 1904 – May 1997 ) was a British novelist .
She was born in Lucknow , British India , the daughter of Lieutenant-Colonel Noel Malan . Both of her parents were of French Huguenot descent . The year she was born ( 1904 ) , her father accompanied Francis Younghusband on the Younghusband Expedition to Tibet .
She married Ian Playfair in 1930 , who was in the Royal Engineers and later was appointed the rank of Major-General . After the birth of their two sons , the couple returned to Britain in the late 1930s . She wrote ten books between 1939 and 1952 .
She died in Hounslow , London , in May 1997 .
Bibliography
Murder without Mystery ( 1939 )
Storm in a Village ( 1940 )
Eastern Week-End ( 1940 )
The Mill ( 1942 )
A House in the Country ( 1944 ) , republished by Persephone Books in 2002 ( )
Men Without Armour ( 1946 )
The Desirable Residence ( 1947 )
The Fire and the Rose ( 1948 )
A Man called Miranda ( 1949 )
The Nettlebed ( 1952 )
References
Links
Information on A House in the Country
Author Profile at Persephone Books
Jocelyn Playfair at WorldCat
1904 births
1997 deaths
Date of death missing
Writers from Lucknow
British women novelists
20th-century British women writers
20th-century British novelists
British people in colonial India
The Lovers ( VI ) is the sixth trump or Major Arcana card in most traditional Tarot decks . It is used in game playing as well as in divination .
Interpretation
According to A.E . Waite 's 1910 book Pictorial Key to the Tarot , the Lovers card carries several divinatory associations :
6 . THE LOVERS.—Attraction , love , beauty , trials overcome . Reversed : Failure , foolish designs . Another account speaks of marriage frustrated and contrarieties of all kinds .
In some traditions , the Lovers represent relationships and choices . Its appearance in a spread indicates some decision about an existing relationship , a temptation of the heart , or a choice of potential partners . Often an aspect of the Querent 's life will have to be sacrificed ; a bachelor ( ette ) 's lifestyle may be sacrificed and a relationship gained ( or vice versa ) , or one potential partner may be chosen while another is turned down . Whatever the choice , it should not be made lightly , as the ramifications will be lasting .
The Lovers are associated with the star sign Gemini , and indeed is also known as The Twins in some decks . Other associations are with Air , Mercury , and the Hebrew letter ז ( Zayin ) .
In the Rider Waite deck , the imagery for this card is changed significantly from the traditional depiction . Instead of a couple receiving a blessing from a noble or cleric , the Rider–Waite deck depicts Adam and Eve in the Garden of Eden . By reducing the number of human beings depicted in the card from three to two , Waite was able to reinforce its correspondence with Gemini . The Rider–Waite card also includes the Tree of the knowledge of good and evil with a serpent wrapped around its trunk . The symbolism of no return from making bad decisions , and the consequences of innocence lost , would be more widely understood from this imagery .
In popular culture
In the 1973 film Live and Let Die ( film ) , the character Solitaire repeatedly finds this card ( card deck designed by Fergus Hall ) and interprets that she is destined to be in love with James Bond .
JoJo 's Bizarre Adventure : Stardust Crusaders uses Tarot cards to name character 's Stands . One of the Stand 's name is Steely Dan 's The Lovers , which is named after The Lovers card .
References
External links
The symbolism of The Lovers - how to interpret this card
Major Arcana
Armstrong is an abandonware open source news publishing platform jointly developed by nonprofit online news organizations The Texas Tribune and The Bay Citizen with the assistance of a grant by the Knight Foundation . The core of the content management system 's functionality was used by The Texas Tribune and The Bay Citizen since 2009 , and it was released to the public in 2011 . The Nieman Journalism Lab has described the project as `` A Wordpress for news orgs . '' The grant for Armstrong 's development expired in 2012 , and by 2017 the software 's homepage had not been updated since 2014 ; the website was parked and the most recent commits to its GitHub repository had been made in 2013 .
Armstrong was designed primarily to simplify the publishing process for other nonprofit news organizations by giving them the option of a CMS specifically created for news . Focuses of the system include media management , search engine optimization , integration with social media , and development of revenue streams . Higinio Maycotte , CTO of The Texas Tribune , said that `` literally hundreds of media companies around the globe have expressed interest in moving to Armstrong . ''
The project to release Armstrong as an open source CMS was fueled by a $ 975,000 grant from the Knight Foundation , which is devoted to media innovation , to The Texas Tribune and The Bay Citizen . The grant was announced at SXSW Interactive in March 2011 .
Armstrong is written in Django , an open source framework for web applications in the Python programming language .
External links
Armstrong 's GitHub page
Armstrong 's GoogleGroups discussion page
References
Content management systems
The olivaceous flatbill ( Rhynchocyclus olivaceus ) is a species of bird in the family Tyrannidae .
It is found in Bolivia , Brazil , Colombia , Ecuador , French Guiana , Guyana , Panama , Peru , Suriname , and Venezuela . Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and subtropical or tropical swamps .
References
olivaceous flatbill
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of the Atlantic Forest
Birds of Colombia
Birds of the Guianas
Birds of Panama
Birds of Venezuela
olivaceous flatbill
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
SuperCobra can refer to :
Bell AH-1 SuperCobra , American helicopter gunship
Evektor VUT100 SuperCobra , Czech light aircraft
The 7th season of Nouvelle Star premiered on February 24 , 2009 , on M6 . Soan Faya was declared the winner on June 9 , 2009 , beating out runner-up Leïla Aissaoui .
Changes & Early Process
Virginie Guilhaume became the new host of Nouvelle Star , succeeding previous host Virginie Efira . Philippe Manœuvre , André Manoukian , Lio , and Sinclair reprised their roles as judges on the show . The show also adopted a new opening title sequence , similar to that of American Idol .
Auditions were held from October 13 to December 6 , 2008 , in Marseille , Lille , Toulouse , Rennes , Lyon and Paris .
Contestants
Top 10 Finalists
Soan Faya ( 27 ) - Winner
Leïla Aissaoui ( 18 ) - Runner-up
Camélia Jordana ( 16 )
Thomas Bonneau ( 17 )
Dalé ( 24 )
Damien Vanni ( 29 )
Lary Lambert ( 20 )
Mahdi Jaggae ( 27 )
Mélissa Reffas ( 18 )
Yoann Pigny ( 21 )
NOTE : Lary selected as the 10th finalist by the jury .
Semifinalists ( Top 15 )
Antoine Vignette ( 25 )
Charlotte Robin ( 21 )
Maria Paz ( 21 )
Mickaël Frémeaux ( 25 )
Yasmina ( 17 )
Eliminations - Top 10
Semifinalists
The jury selected fifteen contestants to move onto the live semifinal round , which aired April 7 . At the end of the show , nine contestants were voted through to the top ten by the public . The jury then selected one contestant from the bottom six to advance to the finals .
Soan Faya was the winner of this season .
Advancing to the Top 10 ( Public Vote ) - Dalé • Camélia Jordana • Damien • Mahdi • Leïla • Soan • Mélissa • Thomas • Yoann
Jury 's Choice - Lary
Finalists
Soan Faya
Soan Faya - 27 years old , auditioned in Paris .
Leïla Aissaoui
Leïla Aissaoui - 18 years old , auditioned in Rennes .
Camélia-Jordana
Camélia Jordana - 16 years old , auditioned in Marseille .
Thomas Bonneau
Thomas Bonneau - 17 years old , auditioned in Toulouse .
Dalé
Dalé - 24 years old , auditioned in Lyon .
Damien Vanni
Damien Vanni - 29 years old , auditioned in Lyon .
Lary Lambert
Lary Lambert - 20 years old , auditioned in Paris .
Mahdi Jaggae
Mahdi Jaggae - 27 years old , auditioned in Marseille .
Mélissa Reffas
Mélissa Reffas - 18 years old , auditioned in Lille .
Yoann Pigny
Yoann Pigny - 21 years old , auditioned in Paris .
Elimination chart
< center >
External links
Official Site
Season 07
2009 French television seasons
The Old Barracks is a former military installation in Burton Road , Lincoln . It is a Grade II listed building .
History
The `` old barracks '' in Lincoln were designed by Henry Goddard for the North Lincoln Militia and completed in 1857 . In 1873 a system of recruiting areas based on counties was instituted under the Cardwell Reforms and the barracks became the depot for the two battalions of the 10th ( North Lincolnshire ) Regiment of Foot . The regiment moved to the `` new barracks '' further north on Burton Road in 1880 .
The building was vacant until 1901 when it became the headquarters of the Lincolnshire Yeomanry . The regiment was mobilised at the old barracks in August 1914 before being deployed to Salonika . The building remained the headquarters of the Lincolnshire Yeomanry until it was disbanded in 1920 . It then became the headquarters of the 60th Field Regiment , Royal Artillery , a Territorial Army unit , in 1922 . The regiment was mobilised at the old barracks in September 1939 before being deployed to France with the British Expeditionary Force . The regiment was disbanded at the end of the war without ever returning to the barracks .
After the war the building was used by the 49th ( East Midlands ) Armoured Workshop Royal Electrical and Mechanical Engineers and then by the 70th Communication Zone Workshop Royal Electrical and Mechanical Engineers before being vacated in 1963 . The old barracks became home to the Museum of Lincolnshire Life in July 1969 .
References
Drill halls in England
Buildings and structures in Lincoln , England
Grade II listed buildings in Lincolnshire
Grade II listed museum buildings
The Bryn Mawr Historic District ( pronounced from Welsh for `` big hill '' ) is on the lakefront of the Edgewater neighborhood of far-north Chicago , Illinois . It extends along Bryn Mawr Avenue between Broadway and Sheridan Road . Its most prominent features are the Belle Shore Apartment Hotel , Bryn Mawr Apartment Hotel , Edgewater Beach Apartments , Edgewater Presbyterian Church , Manor House , and the northernmost area of Lincoln Park .
Old fashioned green lanterns and lamp posts , reminiscent of Chicago in the 1920s and 1930s , line the Bryn Mawr Historic District streets , adorned with green banners and gold lettering proudly proclaiming the neighborhood 's historic significance . It was declared a historic district by the Chicago City Council due to the presence of several Chicago Landmark sites .
Bryn Mawr Avenue was named in the 1880s by Edgewater developer John Lewis Cochran after Bryn Mawr station on the Main Line north of Philadelphia . Bryn Mawr is Welsh for Big Hill .
Landmarks
Bryn Mawr & Belle Shore Apartment Hotels
Built between 1928 and 1929 , this pair of detailed buildings are symbolic of the rapid growth and expansion of Chicago in the 1920s and the commercial development of Bryn Mawr Avenue and the surrounding community . Situated across the street from each another , the buildings both feature extensive and lavish use of decorative terracotta . The 12-story Bryn Mawr is dressed in white terracotta designed in a late Gothic Revival style , while the 8-story Belle Shore is clad in rich green and cream terracotta and features Egyptian-like Art Deco designs .
Designated a Chicago Landmark on November 6 , 2002 .
Manor House
The 1907 Manor House residential complex was built by John Edmund Oldaker Pridmore in the Tudor Revival style . It features two symmetrical wings , each with a large turret . The building is listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
Edgewater Beach Apartments
This structure , dating to 1928 , is the extension wing of a lavish hotel complex , the Edgewater Beach Hotel . Although once popular with celebrities and the elite , the extension of the Lake Shore Drive cut the hotel from the beach and led to its demolition . The building is listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
The Renaissance
This 17-story building is built in a Renaissance Revival style and was sold as apartment dwelling for the well-to-do .
The building is listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
References
External links
Memories of the Edgewater Beach Hotel
Historic districts in Chicago
North Side , Chicago
Chicago Landmarks
Buildings and structures on the National Register of Historic Places in Chicago
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Illinois
1897 establishments in Illinois
Wiremu Rika Heke ( 3 October 1894 – 30 November 1989 ) was a New Zealand rugby union player . A loose forward , Heke represented North Auckland at a provincial level , and was a member of the New Zealand national side , the All Blacks , on their 1929 tour of Australia . He played six matches for the All Blacks including three internationals .
Following the death of Beethoven Algar two days before his own death , Heke briefly held the distinction of being the oldest living All Black .
References
1894 births
1989 deaths
People from the Northland Region
New Zealand rugby union players
New Zealand international rugby union players
Northland rugby union players
Rugby union flankers
Māori All Blacks players
Rugby union players from Rotorua
Edgar Frank Salmon , D.D . ( 1884-1979 ) was Dean of Ottawa from 1932
Salmon was educated at the Church Missionary Society College , Islington . He was ordained in 1908 and began his career at Elmvale , Ontario . After that he served at Cookstown and Galetta . He came to Christ Church Cathedral , Ottawa in 1921 serving as a curate until 1926 , and then as its rector until 1932 and then as dean until 1938 . He was then the Rector of Holy Trinity , Philadelphia from 1938 to 1951 .
Notes
Alumni of the Church Missionary Society College , Islington
Deans of Ottawa
20th-century Canadian Anglican priests
Bremen is an unincorporated community in Randolph County , Illinois , United States . Bremen is located on Illinois Route 150 , northeast of Chester .
History
A post office called Bremen was established in 1856 , and remained in operation until being discontinued in 1906 . The community was named after Bremen , Germany .
References
Unincorporated communities in Randolph County , Illinois
Unincorporated communities in Illinois
Lawrence Dutton ( born 9 May 1954 ) is an American violist , and a member of the Emerson String Quartet . He earned a bachelor 's and master 's degree from the Juilliard School where he studied with Lillian Fuchs .
He is on the faculty of the State University of New York at Stony Brook , the Robert McDuffie Center for Strings , and at the Manhattan School of Music . Dutton is married to violinist Elizabeth Lim-Dutton .
References
1954 births
Living people
American classical violists
Juilliard School alumni
Manhattan School of Music faculty
Musicians from New York City
Classical musicians from New York ( state )
Honner Force was the name given to an ad hoc composite Australian Army force of approximately 500 men under the command of Lieutenant Colonel Ralph Honner , which served in the New Guinea campaign in 1942 in World War II .
It was formed on 11 September 1942 , under 7th Australian Division Operational Instruction Number 10 and drew manpower from the 36th , 55th Battalion and 49th Battalions , which each provided approximately a company , plus a detachment from 2/6th Independent Company . The force was sent out by the New Guinea Force via Laloki–Goldie River to cut the enemy line of communications between Menari and Nauro . Consisting mainly of eighteen- and nineteen-year-old militiamen who were barely trained and ill-equipped , Honner Force found it difficult to traverse the muddy tracks and dense jungle , however , by 19 September they had reached the vicinity of Omaramara . The majority of the men were exhausted from the march , and the aerial re-supply that had been planned for them did not eventuate . As such they were unable to move beyond the limits of which ground supply could reach them . As the strategic situation around Kokoda had stabilised by then , it was decided that the force was in no condition to conduct offensive operations and they were subsequently disbanded shortly after with the men returning to their parent units without having seen action .
Notes
References
AWM52 : 8/3/75/2 - 36th Australian Infantry Battalion War Diary , May–September 1942
AWM52 : 8/3/88/6 - 49th Australian Infantry Battalion War Diary , April–September 1942
AWM52 : 8/3/91/7 - 55th Australian Infantry Battalion War Diary , September–December 1942
Trigellis-Smith , Syd . ( 1992 ) . The Purple Devils : A History of the 2/6th Australian Commando Squadron . Published by the 2/6th Commando Squadron Association : Melbourne .
Military units and formations of Australia in World War II
Ad hoc units and formations of Australia
Military units and formations established in 1942
Military units and formations disestablished in 1942
The FA WSL Spring Series was an interim edition of the FA WSL between the sixth and seventh full seasons . The Spring Series ran from February to May 2017 to bridge the gap from the 2016 FA WSL season which ran from March to September as a summer tournament , and the 2017–18 season which started in September 2017 .
While the 2017–18 season planned to feature 21 clubs , the Spring Series contained 20 . Notts County Ladies F.C . folded two days before they were due to play their first Spring Series game , leaving 19 teams in total . Teams played each other once , with no promotion or relegation before the full 2017–18 season . WSL 2 began in February , while WSL 1 started in April .
Teams
WSL 1
WSL 2
WSL 1
Ten teams were due to compete in this season . Notts County Ladies announced it was folding and withdrew from the league two days before their first scheduled fixture .
Table
Results
Top goalscorers
WSL 2
Ten teams competed in this season . Brighton & Hove Albion was promoted after beating Sporting Club Albion in the 2015–16 FA Women 's Premier League Championship play-off . Following the closure of Notts County Ladies in April 2017 , one team was promoted at the end of the Spring Series to the WSL1 for the 2017–18 season , based on an evaluation by the FA of applicant clubs ' business plans , budget , youth development , facilities and on-pitch performance .
Table
Results
Top goalscorers
References
2017
1
2016–17 domestic women 's association football leagues
The Haas Center for Public Service , formerly the Stanford Public Service Center , is the public service center on the campus of Stanford University in Stanford , California .
The Haas Center houses many student organizations and projects , including the Stanford Volunteer Network , Stanford in Government and the Ravenswood-Stanford Tutoring Program . Haas Center programs place more than 2,000 students annually in community service projects .
The mission of the center is to `` connect academic study with community and public service to strengthen communities and develop effective public leaders . The Center aspires to develop aware , engaged and thoughtful citizens who contribute to the realization of a more just and humane world . ''
History
In 1984 , the original Public Service Center was established by Stanford University President Donald Kennedy . The original Center was located in Owen House .
In 1989 , the Public Service Center was renamed the Haas Center for Public Service after $ 5 million contribution by the Haas family to the center 's endowment . The Haas family are descendants of Walter A. Haas , former President of Levi Strauss & Co .
In 1993 , construction was completed on a new $ 3.3 million facility . All public service offices were moved from Owen House to the new , three-story building , where they are still located today .
References
Further reading
External links
Official website of Haas Center for Public Service at Stanford University
Stanford University places
Stanford University
School buildings completed in 1993
1993 establishments in California
Atheris hispida is a venomous viper species endemic to Central Africa . It is known for its extremely keeled dorsal scales that give it a bristly appearance . No subspecies are currently recognized . Common names include rough-scaled bush viper , spiny bush viper , hairy bush viper , and more .
Description
The males of this species grow to maximum total length of : body , tail . Females grow to a maximum total length of . The males are surprisingly long and slender compared to the females .
The head has a short snout , more so in males than in females . The eyes are large and surrounded by 9–16 circumorbital scales . The orbits ( eyes ) are separated by 7–9 scales . The nostril is like a slit and separated from the eye by two scales . The eye and the supralabials are separated by a single row of scales . The supralabials number 7-10 , of which the fourth is enlarged . The body is covered with elongated , heavily keeled dorsal scales that give this animal a unique 'shaggy ' look , almost bristly in appearance . The scales around the head and neck are the longest , decreasing posteriorly . Midbody , the dorsal scales are in 15–19 rows . There are 149–166 ventral scales and 35–64 subcaudals . The anal scale is single .
Common Names
Rough-scaled bush viper , spiny bush viper
hairy bush viper , rough-scaled tree viper , African hairy bush viper , hairy viper .
Geographic range
Central and East Africa : northern and eastern DR Congo , southwestern Uganda , west Kenya , and northwestern Tanzania . The type locality given is `` Lutunguru , Kivu '' ( DR Congo ) .
More specifically , Spawls & Branch ( 1995 ) describe the distribution as isolated populations in Kivu and Orientale Provinces in DR Congo , southeastern Ruwenzori in Uganda and the Kakamega Forest in western Kenya .
Behavior
Capable of climbing reeds and stalks , this species is often found basking on top of flowers and terminal leaves . Mostly nocturnal .
Feeding
Feeds on mammals , frogs , lizards , and sometimes birds . Sometimes hunts for mammalian prey on the ground .
Reproduction
Females give birth to up to 12 young at a time . Newborns are about in total length .
Venom
Not much is known about their venom except that it is mainly neurotoxic . Besides the neurotoxins , they also carry cytotoxins and fasciculins . Toxicity of individual specimens within the same species and subspecies can vary greatly based on several factors , including geographical region . Even the weather and altitude can influence toxicity ( Ernst and Zug et al . 1996 ) . A bite can be fatal to humans without access to proper first aid and subsequent antivenom treatment . Until recently , their venom has often been regarded as less toxic than that of many other species , perhaps because bites are uncommon , but this turned out not to be the case . There are now a number of reports of bites that have led to severe hemorrhaging of internal organs .
References
Further reading
Laurent RF . 1955 . Diagnoses preliminaires des quelques Serpents venimeux . Rev . Zool . Bot . Afr . ( Revue de zoologie et de botanique africaines ) 51 : 127–139 . ( Atheris hispida , p . 138 . )
hispida
Snakes of Africa
Reptiles of the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Reptiles of Kenya
Reptiles of Tanzania
Reptiles of Uganda
Taxa named by Raymond Laurent
Reptiles described in 1955
Jojo Burger Tempest is a double album by the British band Working for a Nuclear Free City . Released in 2010 , the album is the band 's third album , and the second to be released in the U.S . The album contains one disc of 17 individual songs and one of a single 33-minute suite .
Response
Critical response
Critical response to the album was mixed . Marc Hogan of Pitchfork commented that the album is `` a lot to take in , but with its blend of live drumming , textural guitars , skittering electronics , and wistful harmonies , it 's worth braving Jojo 's , uh , storm '' . Robert Cooke of Drowned in Sound noted that `` the hour-long main section of Jojo Burger Tempest is too hollow to be of much merit '' . Spin magazine 's Jon Young described the music as `` hopscotching through styles with fidgety glee '' .
Track listing
Disc One
`` Do a Stunt '' – 2:44
`` Silent Times '' – 3:18
`` Autoblue '' – 3:30
`` Alphaville '' – 4:39
`` Pachinko '' – 3:36
`` Faster Daniel Faster '' – 3:01
`` A Black Square With Four Yellow Stars '' – 2:03
`` Black Rivers '' – 3:50
`` Float Bridges '' – 3:07
`` The King and June '' – 2:06
`` B.A.R.R.Y . '' – 4:05
`` Little Lenin '' – 3:36
`` Inokashira Park '' – 2:42
`` Low '' – 3:45
`` Burning Drum '' – 3:11
`` Brown Owl '' - 3:31
`` Buildings '' - 2:16
Disc Two
`` The Jojo Burger Tempest '' – 33:26
References
2010 albums
Working for a Nuclear Free City albums
Thelephora palmata ( commonly known as the stinking earthfan or the fetid false coral ) is a species of clavarioid fungus in the family Thelephoraceae . The fruit bodies are leathery and coral-like , with branches that are narrow at the base before widening out like a fan and splitting into numerous flattened prongs . The wedge-like tips are whitish when young , but darken as the fungus matures . The common names of the fungus refers to its pungent odor , likened to fetid garlic . A widely distributed but uncommon species , it is found in Asia , Australia , Europe , North America , and South America , where it fruits on the ground in both coniferous and mixed forest .
Taxonomy
The species was first described in 1772 by Italian naturalist Giovanni Antonio Scopoli , as Clavaria palmata . Elias Fries transferred it to the genus Thelephora in 1821 . The species has several synonyms , resulting from several generic transfers in its taxonomic history , including Ramaria by Johan Theodor Holmskjold in 1790 , Merisma by Christian Hendrik Persoon in 1822 , and Phylacteria by Narcisse Théophile Patouillard in 1887 . Other historical synonyms are Merisma foetidum , published by Christian Hendrik Persoon in 1797 , and Pier Andrea Saccardo 's 1888 Clavaria schaefferi . Persoon also published a species with the name Thelephora palmata in 1822 , but because the name was already in use , it is an illegitimate homonym ; this species is now known as Thelephora anthocephala .
Despite its coral-like appearance , Thelephora palmata is closely related to some fungi with a distinctly bracket-like appearance , such as T. terrestris and T. caryophyllea . The specific epithet palmata is derived from Latin , and means `` having the shape of a hand '' . It is known by the common names `` stinking earthfan '' and `` fetid false coral '' . Samuel Frederick Gray called it the `` stinking branch-ear '' in his 1821 work A Natural Arrangement of British Plants .
Description
The fruit body of T. palmata is a coral-like tuft that is repeatedly branched from a central stalk , reaching dimensions of tall . The branches of the fruit body end in spoon- to fan-shaped tips that are frequently fringed or grooved . The branches of the fruit body are initially whitish in color , but gradually turn gray to lilac-brown in maturity ; the tips , however , remain whitish , or paler than the lower parts . The flesh is tough and leathery . The hymenium ( fertile , spore-bearing tissue ) is amphigenous , that is , it occurs on all surfaces of the fruit body .
The odor of the fruit body is quite unpleasant , resembling fetid garlic , `` old cabbage water '' , or `` overripe cheese '' . It has been called `` a candidate for stinkiest fungus in the forest '' . The unpleasant odor intensifies after drying . Fruit bodies are not edible .
In deposit , the spores are purple-brown to brown . Viewed with a microscopic , the spores appear purple , angular with lobes , and warted , with fine spines measuring 0.5–1.5 µm long ; the overall dimensions of the elliptic spores are 8–12 by 7–9 µm . They contain one or two oil drops . The basidia ( spore-bearing cells ) measure 70–100 by 9–12 µm , and have sterigmata that are 2–4 µm thick by 7–12 µm long . The flesh stains deep blue when a drop of potassium hydroxide solution is applied . The fungus contains the pigment thelephoric acid .
Thelephora anthocephala is somewhat similar in appearance , but can be distinguished by branches that taper upward , branch tips that are flattened ( instead of spoon-like ) , and the lack of a fetid odor . The North American species T. vialis has smaller spores and a more variable color . Darker Ramaria species are distinguished by their non-leathery flesh texture and pointy branch tips .
Habitat and distribution
Thelephora palmata is an ectomycorrhizal species , forming mutualistic associations with conifers . Fruit bodies grow singly , scattered , or in groups on the ground in both coniferous and mixed forest and grassy fields . A preference has been noted for moist ground , and locations along woodland paths . An uncommon species , fruit bodies can be difficult to see because they blend well into their surroundings .
The species is found in Asia ( including China , Iran , Japan , Siberia Turkey , and Vietnam ) , Europe , North America , and South America ( Brazil and Colombia ) . It has also been recorded from Australia and Fiji . Fruit bodies are consumed by the springtail species Ceratophysella denisana .
Uses
Fruit bodies of Thelephora palmata can be used for mushroom dyeing . Depending on the mordant used , colors ranging from blackish brown to dark grayish green to greenish brown can be obtained from the dyeing process ; without a mordant , a light-brown color is produced .
References
External links
palmata
Inedible fungi
Fungi of Asia
Fungi of Australia
Fungi of Europe
Fungi of North America
Fungi of South America
Fungi of Colombia
Fungi described in 1772
Taxa named by Giovanni Antonio Scopoli
Jill Adams ( 29 October 1932 - 28 July 2016 ) was a South African artist who has specialised in natural history illustrations . She was born in Durban in 1932 , but lived for part of her life in Kimberley , where , on the staff of the McGregor Museum , she worked in close association with leading biologist , Dr Richard Liversidge . Adams died on 28 July 2016 in Somerset West .
Notable work
Flowering Plants
Adams worked from 1974 to 1983 in the art department at the McGregor Museum in Kimberley . During this period she published her illustrated Flowering Plants of the Northern Cape ( 1976 )
She subsequently achieved public renown for her paintings of Aloes .
The birds around us
Adams subsequently collaborated with ornithologist Richard Liversidge making their book , The birds around us : birds of the Southern African region ( 1990 ) . Liversidge points out in a note `` To the reader '' that `` this is certainly the first book on Southern African birds which has attempted to illustrate all the more common species in flight . Often a bird in flight is all that you will see . '' This work resulted in new observations being made with respect the Hoopoe where male and female have different flight patterns , with indications that a reclassification might need to be made for Hoopoes into `` more than their present number of species . ''
The illustrations produced for The birds around us have been described as `` the product of her outstanding draughtsmanship , coupled with a keen sense of observation and knowledge of the `` natural pose '' of birds . '' In order to keep the collection in the Northern Cape , the original paintings were purchased by the Gant family and donated to the McGregor Museum in 1991 .
Other works
Earlier , in 1983 , Adams was commissioned by Heritage Porcelain to contribute to a series of six plates in a Collectors ' edition , Best loved birds of Southern Africa to mark the centenary of the birth of Austin Roberts , South African ornithologist ( 1883–1948 ) . The series includes the Cape Robin , Cossyphya caffra .
References
External links
Website with some of her birds of the Western Cape
Some of her watercolours
1932 births
2016 deaths
Artists from Durban
People from Kimberley , Northern Cape
South African artists
Scientific illustrators
Men Yang ( ; born 20 February 1991 in Luoyang ) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for China League One side Suzhou Dongwu .
Club career
His father is former footballer Men Wenfeng and he would start his football career with the Chengdu Blades youth team before going abroad where he joined Hungary football club Ferencváros . He would be promoted to the Ferencváros senior team in the 2009–10 Nemzeti Bajnokság I league season . The club did not extend his contract and Men Yang returned to China where on 25 March 2011 he joined top-tier club Changchun Yatai for the start of the 2011 Chinese Super League campaign . Under Head coach Shen Xiangfu he would make his debut in a league game on 21 August 2011 against Jiangsu Sainty F.C . in a 1–0 victory .
The following season he would join newly promoted team Guangzhou R & F on 11 February 2012 . He would make his first appearance on 7 October 2012 against his former club Changchun Yatai in a league game that ended in a 2–1 defeat . After the game Men Yang struggled to establish himself within the team and did not represent the senior throughout the whole of the next season . To gain some playing time he was loaned out to third tier football club Yinchuan Helanshan for the 2014 China League Two campaigns .
In March 2016 Men Yang transferred to third tier football club Lijiang Jiayunhao on a free transfer . In his debut season with the club they would go on to win the division title and promotion to the second tier at the end of the 2016 China League Two campaigns . In the next league campaign he was unable to ensure the clubs survival within the league and they were relegated at the end of the 2017 China League One campaign .
He would join third tier club Shenzhen Ledman for the 2018 China League Two league seasons , however they disbanded at the end of the campaign . He would be free to join Zibo Cuju for the 2019 China League Two seasons . His following season with the club would see them come runners-up and gain promotion into the second tier .
Career statistics
.
Honours
Club
Lijiang Jiayunhao
China League Two : 2016
References
External links
Player profile at sodasoccer.com
Yang on Ferencvarosi Torna Club Official Website
1991 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Luoyang
Chinese footballers
Chinese expatriate footballers
Footballers from Henan
Association football forwards
Ferencvárosi TC footballers
Changchun Yatai F.C . players
Yunnan Flying Tigers F.C . players
Guangzhou City F.C . players
Nemzeti Bajnokság I players
Chinese Super League players
China League One player
Expatriate footballers in Hungary
Minchinbury was an electoral district of the Legislative Assembly in the Australian state of New South Wales from 1988 to 1991 , which included the suburb of Minchinbury . Its only member was Anne Cohen , a member of the Liberal Party . It was replaced by Badgerys Creek .
Members for Minchinbury
Election results
1988
References
Former electoral districts of New South Wales
Constituencies established in 1988
1988 establishments in Australia
Constituencies disestablished in 1991
1991 disestablishments in Australia
Kalanchoe manginii , beach bells , is a species of flowering plant in the family Crassulaceae , native to Madagascar . It is an evergreen succulent perennial growing to tall and wide , with arching branches of rounded , glossy leaves , and urn-shaped salmon-red flowers in spring . As the minimum temperature for growth is , in temperate regions this plant must be grown under glass as a houseplant .
This plant has gained the Royal Horticultural Society 's Award of Garden Merit .
Gallery
References
House plants
manginii
Endemic flora of Madagascar
The following human polls make up the 2021 NCAA Division I men 's baseball rankings . The USAToday/ESPN Coaches Poll is voted on by a panel of 31 Division I baseball coaches . The Baseball America poll is voted on by staff members of the Baseball America magazine . These polls , along with the Perfect Game USA poll , rank the top 25 teams nationally . Collegiate Baseball and the National Collegiate Baseball Writers Association rank the top 30 teams nationally .
Legend
ESPN/USA Today Coaches Poll
Baseball America
Source :
Collegiate Baseball
The Preseason poll ranked the top 50 teams in the nation . Teams not listed above are : 31. ; 32 . UCF ; 33. ; 34 . Georgia Tech ; 35 . Tennessee ; 36 . Duke ; 37. ; 38. ; 39 . Indiana ; 40. ; 41. ; 42 . UC Irvine ; 43. ; 44. ; 45. ; 46. ; 47 . Notre Dame ; 48. ; 49 . Oregon State ; 50 . Stanford
NCBWA
The Preseason poll ranked the top 35 teams in the nation . Teams not listed above are : 32 . Clemson 33 . 34 . Michigan 35 . Dallas Baptist
D1Baseball
References
Rankings
College baseball rankings in the United States
Ethane-1,2-dithiol , also known as EDT , is a colorless liquid with the formula CH ( SH ) . It has a very characteristic odor which is compared by many people to rotten cabbage . It is a common building block in organic synthesis and an excellent ligand for metal ions .
Preparation
Ethane-1,2-dithiol is made commercially by the reaction of 1,2-dichloroethane with aqueous sodium bisulfide . In the laboratory , it can also be prepared by the action of 1,2-dibromoethane on thiourea followed by hydrolysis .
Applications
As a 1,2-dithiol , this compound is widely used in organic chemistry because it reacts with aldehydes and ketones to give 1,3-dithiolanes , which are useful intermediates .
CH ( SH ) + RR'CO → CHSCRR ' + HO
Other 1,2- and 1,3-dithiols undergo this reaction to give related 1,3-dithiolanes and 1,3-dithianes ( six-membered rings ) . Diols such as ethylene glycol undergo analogous reactions to 1,3-dioxolanes and 1,3-dioxanes . One distinguishing feature of the dithiolanes and dithianes derived from aldehydes is that the methyne group can be deprotonated and the resulting carbanion alkylated .
1,2-Ethanedithiol is commonly used as a scavenger in peptide cleavage synthesis .
See also
Ethane-1,1-dithiol
References
Thiols
Reagents for organic chemistry
Chelating agents
Foul-smelling chemicals
Pershinskaya ( ) is a rural locality ( a village ) in Tarnogskoye Rural Settlement , Tarnogsky District , Vologda Oblast , Russia . The population was 3 as of 2002 .
Geography
Pershinskaya is located 14 km northwest of Tarnogsky Gorodok ( the district 's administrative centre ) by road . Kurkovskaya is the nearest rural locality .
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Braidwood may refer to :
People
Braidwood ( surname )
Places
Braidwood , New South Wales , Australia
Braidwood , South Lanarkshire , Scotland
Braidwood , Illinois , United States of America
Things
Braidwood Inquiry - an inquiry into a Taser incident in Vancouver , Canada
Braidwood Nuclear Generating Station , Illinois , United States of America
Braidwood - An abandoned Intel project , successor to Intel Turbo Memory
Phonetic Extensions Supplement is a Unicode block containing characters for specialized and deprecated forms of the International Phonetic Alphabet .
Block
History
The following Unicode-related documents record the purpose and process of defining specific characters in the Phonetic Extensions Supplement block :
See also
Greek alphabet in Unicode
Latin script in Unicode
References
Unicode blocks
Tokle is a Norwegian surname . Notable people with the surname include :
Arthur E. Tokle ( 1922–2005 ) , Norwegian-born American ski jumper and coach
Torger Tokle ( 1919–1945 ) , Norwegian-born American ski jumper , brother of Arthur
See also
Toke ( given name )
Norwegian-language surnames
Aleksandr Severov ( 24 February 1889 , date of death unknown ) was a Russian wrestler . He competed in the middleweight event at the 1912 Summer Olympics .
References
External links
1889 births
Year of death missing
Olympic wrestlers of Russia
Wrestlers at the 1912 Summer Olympics
Russian male sport wrestlers
Sportspeople from Saint Petersburg
Niedziałowice Pierwsze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rejowiec , within Chełm County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
References
Villages in Chełm County
KRHS may refer to :
KRHS ( FM ) , a radio station ( 90.1 FM ) licensed to serve Overland , Missouri , United States
Kenton Ridge High School , Springfield , Ohio , United States
Kingswood Regional High School , Wolfeboro , New Hampshire , United States
Kittatinny Regional High School , Newton , New Jersey , United States
Theodore Roosevelt High School ( Kent , Ohio ) , United States , often called `` Kent Roosevelt High School ''
His Hero Is Gone was an influential American neo-crust band from Memphis , Tennessee . The band formed in 1995 from members of Copout , Man With Gun Lives Here , Union of Uranus and FaceDown . They disbanded in 1999 , playing their last show in Memphis . They toured the U.S. extensively several times , as well as Europe and Japan .
History
His Hero Is Gone released a total of 6 records . Simultaneously or afterwards band members played in the bands Deathreat , Severed Head of State , Call The Police , Dimlaia , Warcry , Union of Uranus and more . Todd Burdette , Paul Burdette , and Yannick Lorrain went on to form the hardcore punk band Tragedy . His Hero is Gone was characterized by heavily distorted `` thick sounding '' guitars and lyrics featuring social commentary , including anti-consumerism . The band and related projects have remained under the radar of a mainstream audience by not promoting themselves via tools of mass communication such as websites or larger music labels .
Members
Todd Burdette — guitar , vocals - Also of Tragedy , Deathreat , Severed Head of State and Warcry , Formerly of Copout and Call The Police
Carl Auge — bass , vocals - Also of Syndromes , and formerly of Man With Gun Lives Here , Sob Story , Dimlaia , I Love a Parade , Drain the Sky
Paul Burdette — drums - Also of Tragedy , Deathreat and Criminal Damage , Formerly of Face Down and Call The Police
Yannick Lorrain — guitar - Also of Tragedy , formerly of Union of Uranus
Pat Davis — guitar , vocals - Also of Hellthrasher and formerly of Sob Story
Discography
Studio albums
Fifteen Counts of Arson LP ( 1996 , Prank )
Monuments to Thieves LP ( 1997 , Prank )
The Plot Sickens LP ( 1998 , The Great American Steak Religion )
Extended plays
Medicine of Thieves demo tape ( 1995 , Partners on Crime )
The Dead of Night in Eight Movements 7 '' ( 1996 , Prank )
Split E.P . 12 '' with Union Of Uranus ( 1998 , The Great American Steak Religion )
Fools Gold 7 '' ( 1998 , The Great American Steak Religion ) ( Released in Europe through Coalition Records )
Compilation appearances
Complacency 7 '' ( 1997 , Tuttle ) - `` Skinfeast ''
Cry Of Soul 7 '' ( 1998 , Crow ) - `` Disinformation Age ''
Fiesta Comes Alive LP ( 1998 , Slap-A-Ham ) - `` T-Minus Zero ''
References
External links
Prank Records label that released their first two albums
American crust and d-beat groups
American sludge metal musical groups
Hardcore punk groups from Tennessee
Musical groups from Memphis , Tennessee
Musical groups established in 1995
Musical groups disestablished in 1999
Prayers is an electronic rock act founded in 2013 by Rafael Reyes . As the musical project Prayers , Reyes originally collaborated with Tijuana-born synthesizer player Dave Parley as a duo . Prayers began including other artists such as Travis Barker , and Kat Von D on Prayer ' third album , `` Young Gods . '' Prayers further expanded , collaborating with Christian Death , Pictureplane for The fifth album , `` Chologoth - The Return Of Pluto '' featured musicians Annie Hardy and Robert Harvey .
Prayers is the first musician/artist to use the term Cholo goth to define this genre of music which lyrically explores the harsh realities of gang and street life over throbbing beats and swirling synthesizers .
Prayers are influenced by Christian Death , Depeche Mode , Bauhaus , Pet Shop Boys , Xmal Deutschland and other Gothic rock and dark 80s music , as well as by Reyes ' life as gang member in the Sherman Grant Hill Park 27 gang , one of San Diego 's oldest gangs , also known as Sherman 27 . He was jumped into the gang as a teenager . Prayers ' music , lyrics and image breaks down stereotypes within the Goth and Cholo subcultures .
Prior to forming Prayers , Reyes , who was born in Cotija , Michoacán and came to San Diego as a young child , had created two other bands , Baptism of Thieves and Vampire , and performed in a solo project , Nite Ritual . Reyes and Parley , a Tijuana native , began recording immediately upon meeting . In three days they had recorded Prayers ' first CD , SD KILLWAVE which they released independently on first as a CD and download and then on vinyl .
Reyes conceived two videos , `` From Dog to God '' and `` Ready to Bleed '' for SD KILLWAVE . The first was shot by Charles Parker , while the second , a narrative , was filmed by Gavin Filipiak , who continues to work with the band .
Prayers ' video `` Dog to God '' caught the eye of the Cult frontman Ian Astbury who requested the band open for them on their 2014 spring tour of California and Nevada . Later that summer , Prayers released their second CD , GOTHIC SUMMER and Filipiak directed the video for the title track , which subsequently won the 2015 San Diego Film Festival Award for Best Music Video and Best Music Video Editing .
On May 26 , 2015 , Prayers premiered the title track of the Travis Barker-produced third CD , `` Young Gods '' as a video single , through Noisey/Vice Magazine . The video features a real brawl , with no punches pulled , between members of Sherman 27 who volunteered to be in the video . The album Young Gods was released June 23 .
The follow-up single , `` West End Girls , '' released July 30 , was a cover of the Pet Shop Boys ' song , and the video , featuring members of Sherman 27 and women from the San Diego Goth scene , was again conceived by Seyer , directed by Filipiak , and featured on Noisey . The cover and video would lead to Seyer conceiving of and co-directing with Filipiak the Pet Shop Boys ' video for the song `` Twenty-Something , '' which the Pet Shop Boys personally commissioned .
In October 2015 , Prayers scored five nominations in the San Diego Music Awards , `` the most in recent memory by a new group for the SDMA '' and won for Best Alternative Band . Seyer , flanked by Parley and a semi-nude female escort , thanked his family and management , then derided awards for overlooking `` Young Gods '' in the video category , pointing out that Prayers ' video had gotten 4x the YouTube views as the winner . The following year , 2016 , the San Diego Academy of Music suspended their awards show , and resumed in 2017 , having eliminated the video and several other categories , and revised the voting procedures , so that some categories are voted on by the public ( and with only one vote per email address , vs earlier the one vote per person per day ) . Best album and song categories are still decided upon by the members of the San Diego Music Academy . Prayers received a nomination for Best Indie/Alternative Band .
The third single and video from Young Gods , `` Drugs , '' featuring Travis Barker and DJ Klever , departed from the black and white style ; it was animated and directed by Dani Moreno Cordero . The video was released in January 2016 , in advance of the band 's sold-out show at the El Rey in Los Angeles .
In anticipation of the 2016 Coachella show , Prayers released the single `` Black Leather '' featuring Kat Von D. The video was shot in both Los Angeles and San Diego , with Sherman gang members and Prayers ' friends from the Southland goth scene , as well as Kat Von D. The single charted in Europe , knocking off Radiohead for the number one spot on Ausfahrt Indie Chart . Reyes and Kat von D. married in 2018 .
It was announced in September , 2017 , Prayers signed with the international label , BMG , with their full-length LP Baptism of Thieves to be released that November . They also announced the Friday , October 13 release of Cursed Be Thy Blessings , a collaborative EP with the surviving , original members of Christian Death , Rikk Agnew , James McGearty and Gitane Demone , which features a cover of the Christian Death song `` Dogs '' but re-configured as `` Perros '' ( dogs in Spanish ) , with a Prayers song as the title track . A documentary about the making of the EP , Beyond and Back , written and directed by Kenny Ochoa and Bryan Ray Turcotte and shot by Estevan Oriol and Ramez Silyan , was released on the same day .
Prayers toured with A Perfect Circle in 2017 . In December 2017 , while heading in Los Angeles , Prayers announced from the stage a special guest , `` My future wife , Kat Von D. '' The couple married in February , 2018 with Von D appearing on stage with Reyes and Parley on numerous occasions . In 2020 Prayers toured with Von D , with Parley playing in both ensembles .
Prayers released `` Chologoth - The Return Of Pluto '' on February 2 , 2022 on his own label , working with Annie Hardy and Robert Harvey .
Discography
References
External links
Official website
American electronic rock musical groups
Electronic music groups from California
Rock music groups from California
Musical groups from San Diego
Musical groups established in 2013
2013 establishments in California
American rock singers
Singers from California
American indie rock musicians
21st-century American singers
The women 's 5000 metres walk event at the 1994 World Junior Championships in Athletics was held in Lisbon , Portugal , at Estádio Universitário de Lisboa on 23 July .
Medalists
Results
Final
23 July
Participation
According to an unofficial count , 28 athletes from 20 countries participated in the event .
References
5000 metres walk
Racewalking at the World Athletics U20 Championships
Wiśniów ( , Vyshniv ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gorzków , within Krasnystaw County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland . It lies approximately south-west of Krasnystaw and south-east of the regional capital Lublin .
References
Villages in Krasnystaw County
Symobi ( System for mobile applications ) is a proprietary modern and mobile real-time operating system . It was and is developed by the German company Miray Software , since 2002 partly in cooperation with the research team of Prof. Dr. Uwe Baumgarten at the Technical University of Munich . The graphical operating system is designed for the area of embedded and mobile systems . It is also often used on PCs for end users and in the field of industry .
Design
The basis of Symobi is the message-oriented operating system µnOS , which is on its part based on the real-time microkernel Sphere . µnOS offers communication through message passing between all processes ( from basic operating system service processes to application processes ) using the integrated process manager . On the lowest level , the responsibility of the Sphere microkernel is to implement and enforce security mechanisms and resource management in real-time . Symobi itself additionally offers a complete graphical operating system environment with system services , a consistent graphical user interface , as well as standard programs and drivers .
Classification
Symobi combines features from different fields of application in one operating system . As a modern operating system it offers separated , isolated processes , light-weight threads , and dynamic libraries , like Windows , Linux , and Unix for example . In the area of mobile embedded operating systems , through its low resource requirement and the support of mobile devices it resembles systems like Windows CE , SymbianOS or Palm OS . With conventional real-time operating systems like QNX or VxWorks it shares the real-time ability and the support of different processor architectures .
History
The development of Sphere , µnOS and Symobi is based on the ideas and work of Konrad Foikis and Michael Haunreiter ( founders of the company Miray Software ) , initiated during their schooldays , even before they started studying computer science . The basic concept was to combine useful and necessary features ( like real-time and portability ) with modern characteristics ( like microkernel and inter-process communication etc . ) to form a stable and reliable operating system . Originally , it was only supposed to serve as a basis for the different application programs developed by Foikis and Haunreiter during their studies . In 2000 , Konrad Foikis and Michael Haunreiter founded the company Miray Software when they realised that µnOS was suited for far more than their own use . The cooperation with the TU Munich already evolved two years later . In 2006 , the first official version of Symobi was completed , and in autumn of the same year it was introduced in professional circles on the Systems exhibition .
Support
Single-Core :
Intel : 80386 , 80486 , Pentium , Pentium Pro , Pentium II , Pentium III , Pentium 4 , Core Solo , Core 2 Solo
AMD : Élan SC410 , Élan SC520 , K6 , K6-2 , K6-III , Duron , Sempron , Athlon , Opteron
VIA : Cyrix Mark II , Cyrix III , C3 , C7 , Eden
Rise : mP6
Marvell / Intel : PXA-250 , PXA-255 , PXA-270 , IXP-420
Motorola / Freescale : G2 , G3 , G4
Multi-Core :
Intel : Pentium 4 , Core Duo , Core 2 Duo
AMD : Athlon X2 , Opteron
Application areas
Symobi is suited for hand-held products ( portable communicators , internet appliances ) , as well as for consumer appliances ( set-top boxes , home gateways , games , consoles ) . Furthermore , it is used in the areas of automotive ( control and infotainment systems ) , industrial control systems ( motion control , process control ) , and point of sale
( cashier systems , ticket machines , information terminals ) .
Advantages and disadvantages
The operating system stands out through its real-time microkernel and its multi-processor ability . Furthermore , it is portable and therefore not bound to specific hardware platforms . Symobi 's inter-process communication guarantees security and flexibility . It has a modern architecture and runs with only low resource requirements ( processor , system memory ) . The system offers a Java-VM . In the area of standard appliances the operating system it not yet widely spread . It has only a rudimentary POSIX support and has restricted hardware support through drivers . In addition , Symobi is not an open source operating system and at present does not offer office applications , email functions , or a web browser .
References
Miray Software : Introducing Symobi , a modern embeddable RTOS , 2006
External links
Symobi
Chair for Operating Systems at the Technical University of Munich
Miray Software
Embedded operating systems
Real-time operating systems
Microkernel-based operating systems
The Binding of Isaac : Four Souls is a card game designed by Edmund McMillen , with additional designs by Danielle McMillen and Tyler Glaiel . Based on the indie video game The Binding of Isaac , players control one of several characters - Isaac , Judas , Maggy , or Cain ( and others ) - as they defeat bosses to collect Lost Souls . Each character has abilities that impact either them or other players , and players may work cooperatively to defeat bosses and enemies . The first player to acquire four souls wins . A Kickstarter campaign launched on June 27 , 2018 , and broke its funding goal of $ 50,000 within the first 1.5 hours .
Gameplay
The game has similar rules to Magic : The Gathering . Each player picks a character at random along with their starting item , 3¢ , and 3 loot cards . Loot cards and treasure items are used to aid in attacking enemies and gain advantages over other players .
On a player 's turn , they may buy one item from the shop for 10¢ , attack a monster , and play one loot card . Each monster battle is handled differently , with some having counters , and some denying certain number rolls . To attack , the player must roll a number greater than or equal to the die value listed on the monster card . Depending on the number , it will either attack the monster or miss , resulting in either the monster or player taking damage , respectively . If the player manages to kill the monster , they will gain certain rewards such as loot or money . If the monster is a boss , the player gains soul ( s ) in addition to these other rewards . If the player dies , their turn ends , and they discard an item , a loot card , and 1¢ . They also deactivate their character , and any activatable items they control .
The first player to obtain 4 souls wins .
Development
The game started development around 2017 when Studio71 US approached McMillen ; Studio71 was in the process of making the Cyanide & Happiness card game , Joking Hazard , and had asked McMillen if he was interested in a board game variant of The Binding of Isaac . At that point , McMillen was still focused on developing The End Is Nigh and The Legend of Bum-bo , and declined the offer . About a year later , McMillen had gotten the flu , and during his off-time , came up with a card game variant for The Binding of Isaac . After prototyping enough of the game for about two months , he recontacted Studio71 to work out the fuller details for the game .
Studio71 had suggested the Kickstarter route for gaining funding for the game , as they had used that successfully for Joking Hazard . McMillen was wary , knowing that digital-based Kickstarters could fail , but agreed to using it as long as they had a nearly-ready product to be sold at the start of the Kickstarter , and that he could expand on the game by adding new cards when extended Kickstarter goal tiers were met . Leading up to the Kickstarter in June 2018 , McMillen had teased a new Isaac-themed game , and named it on June 25 , 2018 . The Kickstarter , revealing that this was a card game , was launched two days later ; within only a few hours of the launch of the campaign , the project was successfully funded , receiving its goal of $ 50,000 within the first 1.5 hours . The Kickstarter ended with 38,335 backers pledging a total of $ 2,650,875 .
Release
The basic edition contains eleven characters , their starting items , 107 monster cards , 104 loot cards , 105 treasure cards , 3 bonus soul cards for advanced play , a six sided die , an eight sided die , 100 pennies , and the rulebook . A gold box edition of the game includes an expansion pack with 99 cards , including a random foil card , four characters and their respective starting items , 30 monster cards , 30 loot cards , and 30 treasure cards . The game began shipping to backers in December 2018 . During 2019 and 2021 , several new cards were made that were given away with Isaac-themed or Edmund related items . One of Tapeworm 's Kickstarter goals , another card game made by Edmund , added new cards for 4 souls that added a character , item , and 2 new bosses . Nicalis , a game company Edmund worked with in the past , also gave away cards during certain events via their online store .
Requiem Expansion
In April 2021 , an expansion for Four Souls , titled Requiem , was announced in tandem with the release of the Repentance expansion to the video game The Binding of Isaac : Rebirth . The expansion , almost as large as the base game , incorporates items and enemies from Repentance , such as all 17 tainted characters , as well as other content from the original video game . Several cartoonists , including Sam Kieth , Tom Bunk , Alex Pardee , Peach Momoko , and Agnes Garbowska , contributed art to the expansion . On June 1 , 2021 , the expansion was launched on Kickstarter with a $ 100,000 goal . According to an update on the project , it was fully funded within 3 minutes of launch and reached $ 1,000,000 in 90 minutes . The expansion ended on July 1 , 2021 and ultimately raised $ 6,720,471 and ended up being the 17th most successful Kickstarter of all time .
Among the new cards added to the collection are Kickstarter-exclusive `` Warp Zone '' cards , officially licensed crossovers featuring characters and items from other video games and franchises . They include characters , items , and monsters from Friday Night Funkin ' , Cave Story , VVVVVV , PG : Psycho Goreman , Among Us , Hollow Knight , Cyanide & Happiness , The End Is Nigh , Spelunky , Oddworld : Abe 's Oddysee , QWOP , Johnny the Homicidal Maniac , The Room , Baba Is You , Dicey Dungeons , Isaac-themed memes , Salad Fingers , Hotline Miami , Castle Crashers , TowerFall , Nuclear Throne , Do n't Starve , The Legend of Bum-bo , Gish , Time Fcuk and Edmund himself .
References
Card games introduced in 2018
Dedicated deck card games
Kickstarter-funded tabletop games
Matthew Barnson ( born 1979 ) is an American composer .
Biography
Barnson is a native of Utah and obtained his undergraduate degree from the Eastman School of Music . He pursued graduate studies at the University of Pennsylvania and Yale University . Barnson is the youngest recipient of a Barlow Commission from the BYU College of Fine Arts and Communications . He was awarded a 2009 Charles Ives Prize . He is currently an assistant professor of composition at Stony Brook University .
Works
Barnson 's works have been performed by the following individuals / groups :
- Arditti String Quartet
- Curtis Symphony Orchestra
- The New York Virtuoso Singers
- Members of Alarm Will Sound
- Members of the Philadelphia Orchestra
- Soprano Nicole Cabell
- Countertenor Ian Howell
- Academy Manson Ensemble , with conductor Simon Bainbridge
- Shouse Ensemble F-Plus
Discography
Sibyl Tones ( Tzadik Records , 2014 )
References
External links
Matthew Barnson , official website
StonyBrook University Department of Music Faculty Profile
Guggenheim Foundation Fellow Profile
Soundcloud Page
1979 births
American male composers
21st-century American composers
Living people
University of Pennsylvania alumni
Yale School of Music alumni
Eastman School of Music alumni
21st-century American male musicians
George Fenwick ( 1603 ? –1657 ) , was an English Parliamentarian , and a leading colonist in the short-lived Saybrook Colony .
Early life
Fenwick was the son of George Fenwick of Brinkburn , Northumberland , and Dorothy , daughter of John Forster of Newham , was born about 1603 . Fenwick was called to the bar at Gray 's Inn on 21 November 1631 , and admitted ancient on 24 May 1650 .
Settlement in America
He took an active part in the scheme for colonising Connecticut , signed the agreement of the patentees with John Winthrop the Younger in 1635 , and visited Boston in 1636 . In 1639 he settled with his wife and family in the Saybrook Colony at the mouth of the Connecticut River , as agent for the patentees and governor of the fort of Saybrook . In 1642 upon the death of Native American leader , Wequash Cook , Fenwick took in Cook 's son , Wenamoag , to raise , but it is unknown what happened to Wenamoag after Fenwick 's wife died and Fenwick returned to England in 1645 .
Letters written by him during his residence in America are printed in the Massachusetts Historical Collections , iv . 6 , 365 , v. 1 , 223 , and in the publications of the Prince Society , Hutchinson Papers , i . 120 . At the meeting of the commissioners of the united colonies in 1643 , Fenwick , as agent of the patentees , was one of the two representatives of Connecticut . On 5 December 1644 he sold the fort at Saybrook and its appurtenances to the Colony of Connecticut , pledging himself at the same time that all the lands mentioned in the patent should fall under the jurisdiction of Connecticut if it came into his power . The non-fulfilment of this promise led to numerous disputes , and in 1657 the colony refused to give his heirs possession of his estate until they paid 500£ for non-fulfilment of the agreement and gave an acquittance of all claims . Fenwick returned to England in 1645 . While living at Saybrook he lost his first wife ; her monument is said to be still extant there .
Parliamentary career
On 20 Oct 1645 Fenwick was elected to the Long Parliament as member for Morpeth . During the Second English Civil War he commanded a regiment of northern militia , took part in the defeat of Sir Richard Tempest by Lambert , relieved Holy Island , and recaptured Fenham Castle . On the surrender of Berwick he became governor of that place , apparently at first as deputy for Sir Arthur Haslerig . Fenwick was appointed one of the commissioners for the trial of the king , but did not act . In 1650 he took part in Cromwell 's invasion of Scotland , was made Governor of Leith and Edinburgh Castle in December 1650 , and took Hume Castle in February 1651 . He was also one of the eight commissioners appointed for the government of Scotland in December 1651 , after the Tender of Union .
In the two Protectorate parliaments of 1654 and 1656 he represented Berwick , and was one of the members excluded from the second of those parliaments .
Private life
According to his monument in the parish church of Berwick , Fenwick died on 15 March 1657 , and this is confirmed by the fact that a new writ for Berwick was moved on 26 March 1657 . His will , signed 8 March 1657 . In some accounts Fenwick is confused with Lieutenant-colonel Roger Fenwick , who was killed in the Battle of Dunkirk , 4 June 1658 .
Fenwick was twice married : first , to Alice , daughter of Sir Edward Apsley of Thakeham , Sussex , and widow of Sir John Boteler of Teston , Kent ( he died 2 August 1634 ) . Secondly , to Catherine , the eldest daughter of Sir Arthur Haslerig , born in 1635 , who married , after the death of Fenwick , Colonel Philip Babington , and died in 1670 .
Notes
References
Attribution
1600s births
1657 deaths
People from Northumberland
Roundheads
People from the Kingdom of England in the Thirteen Colonies
Settlers of Connecticut
Colonial governors of Connecticut
English MPs 1640–1648
English MPs 1648–1653
English MPs 1654–1655
English MPs 1656–1658
Alumni of Queens ' College , Cambridge
Parliamentarian military personnel of the English Civil War
, also known as Mount Yaedake or Yae-take , is a mountain in Motobu , Okinawa on Okinawa Island . It is the tallest mountain on the Motobu Peninsula , standing at . Nakijin Castle and Nago Castle were built nearby in the 14th century . The mountain itself was used as a major Japanese defensive position during the Battle of Okinawa . Today it is famous for its annual held in March .
References
Mountains of Okinawa Prefecture
David Bustamante Hoyos ( born 25 March 1982 ) is a Spanish pop singer and songwriter .
He gained his initial fame in 2001 as a third-place winner on Operación Triunfo , the interactive musical reality television show that went on to achieve the highest audience ratings in the history of Spanish TV .
Bustamante has sold more than 2 million records—albums and singles combined—in Spain and Latin America , getting 15 Platinum in albums , digital downloads and mobile ringtones . By 2019 , nine of his ten albums had reached number one in Spain .
His latest hit is `` Héroes '' ( 2019 ) .
Biography
2001–2003 : Operación Triunfo and Bustamante
David Bustamante is among the promising Latin pop singers who emerged in Spain in the early 2000s .
Bustamante 's breakthrough was in the TV hit Operación Triunfo in 2001 . This show broke ratings records as well as dominated the top position of the CD sales charts during its 5-month run . The singer was in his late teens when he became the third finalist of this successful contest . Bustamante went on to sign with Vale Music Spain and Universal Music Latino .
His debut album , Bustamante , was released in Spain in May 2002 and in Latin America and the United States in 2003 . The album became a big seller , thanks in part to the singles `` Además de ti '' , `` El aire que me das '' or `` Dos hombres y un destino '' . Another highlight of that album was `` Perdóname '' , a duet with Puerto Rican pop star Luis Fonsi . He followed the promotion with a successful summer tour with over 70 concerts throughout Spain .
2004–2005 : Así soy yo and Caricias al alma
In 2004 , Bustamante followed up his first album with his sophomore outing , Así soy yo ( That 's the way I am ) , which was – for the most part – produced by the well-known Emilio Estefan in Miami . It was also in 2004 that Bustamante recorded the intoxicating theme song of `` Gitanas '' , a superb , highly thought-provoking telenovela ( Latin soap opera ) that was filmed in Mexico and ran on the Telemundo network ( NBC 's contribution to Spanish-language programming ) in the United States .
Bustamante continued with Caricias al alma in 2005 . The album was another success in Spain and other countries of Latin America like Venezuela , where it was certificated Gold . Caricias al alma was recorded in Italy and Spain and included the summer hit `` Devuélveme la vida '' . Furthermore , he visited Latin America to promote his music .
2006–2010 : Pentimento , Al filo de la irrealidad and A contracorriente
Bustamante 's success continued with Pentimento ( 2006 ) , Al Filo de la Irrealidad ( 2008 ) and A Contracorriente ( 2010 ) all reaching the top of the Spanish Album chart and going Platinum . With all these albums , Bustamante has promoted his music throughout Spain , Latin America and some European countries . He had success with some singles like `` Cobarde '' , `` Por ella '' or `` A contracorriente '' . During this time , he made several springs , summer and winter tours .
2011–2015 : Mio and Vivir
2011 's Mio , produced by Christian Leuzzi ( Celine Dion 's producer ) and Mauri Stern reached Platinum status and helped the singer 's total sales figures approach the two million mark . Mio includes a duet with the copla , flamenco , pop star Pastora Soler . In 2012 and 2013 he toured Spain and served as a coach on the first and second season of the Spanish talent show El Número Uno .
In 2014 Bustamante released the studio album Vivir . The first single is the hit `` Feliz '' . During the Christmas break , he presented Fuera de clase , a TV-show on La 1 , the flagship television channel of Spanish public broadcaster Televisión Española ( TVE ) . The channel also aired a music TV special gala dedicated to his career on Christmas Eve .
2016–2017 : Amor de los dos
Amor de los dos is the ninth studio album by Bustamante and it was released in June 2016 by Universal Music . The album reached number one in Spain and features guest vocals from Alejandro Fernández , Edith Márquez and Alicia Villareal . He performed a duet with the Mexican singer Anahí in the song `` La Puerta de Alcalá '' for the album Inesperado ( 2016 ) .
2018–2019 : Héroes en tiempos de guerra
In January 2019 , Bustamante unveiled his brand-new single , Héroes . In February 2019 , he released his tenth studio Héroes en tiempos de guerra ( Universal Music ) featuring guest vocals from Ana Guerra , among others .
He serves as advisor for Luis Fonsi on La Voz ( Antena 3 ) .
In other ventures , he has released six fragrances with Puig .
Music style
He is not part of Spain 's nuevo flamenco scene . The vocalist , does , however , incorporate elements of Spanish flamenco and Spanish gypsy music at times – and he has his share of Latin American influences as well , including Afro-Cuban salsa and Colombian cumbia .
But Bustamante is not a flamenco , salsa , or cumbia artist in the strict sense – his music is Latin pop first and foremost . Romantic pop ballads are one of his strong points . Some of Bustamante 's admirers have described him as a Spanish equivalent of Ricky Martin or salsa romantica star Marc Anthony—both of whom are , to a degree , valid comparisons , although Bustamante has a recognizable style of his own and sings with a distinctively Spanish accent . Because of the way he pronounces certain words , anyone who speaks Spanish will be able to tell that Bustamante is from Spain instead of Latin America . He has been compared in style with other artists like Enrique Iglesias , Luis Fonsi or Cristian Castro .
Bustamante only uses his last name as a recording artist .
Personal life
On 22 July 2006 he married the Spanish actress and model , Paula Echevarría in the Basílica de Santa María la Real de Covadonga in Asturias . On 17 August 2008 , the couple 's first child , a girl , was born . The couple divorced in March 2018 .
Discography
Studio albums
References
External links
David Bustamante - Official Website
1982 births
Living people
People from the Western Coast of Cantabria
Singers from Cantabria
Star Academy participants
Operación Triunfo contestants
21st-century Spanish singers
21st-century Spanish male singers
William Byrd III ( September 6 , 1728January 1 or January 2 , 1777 ) was a prominent Virginia planter and member of the House of Burgesses .
Early life
The son of William Byrd II and Maria Taylor Byrd . He was the grandson of William Byrd I .
Career
He inherited his family 's estate of approximately 179,000 acres of land in Virginia and continued their planter prestige as a member of the Virginia House of Burgesses .
He chose to fight in the French and Indian War rather than spend much time in Richmond . In 1756 he was colonel of the Second Virginia Regiment .
William Byrd III had a reputation as a notorious gambler . He initiated what was said to have been the first major horse race in the New World , involving fellow Virginia planters John Tayloe II , Francis Thornton , and Samuel Ogle & Benjamin Tasker Jr. of Maryland .
After he squandered the Byrd fortune on building a magnificent mansion at Westover Plantation , gambling , and bad investments , Byrd parceled up much of the land he had inherited from his father and sold it off to raise money to pay his debts . He also sold the enslaved African laborers who had worked on his estate .
Although his sale of land and slaves generated a huge sum it still was not enough to pay off his creditors . Later , Byrd resorted to a lottery , the prizes of which would come from his estate , Belvidere , at the falls of the James River . However the lottery failed to generate sufficient revenue .
Marriage and family
In 1748 , Byrd married Elizabeth Carter , daughter of Robert Carter I , who had recently died . and had been the colony 's richest man as well as served in the House of Burgesses and then the colony 's Governor 's Council ( eventually becoming its president by seniority ) . Together they had five children , 4 sons and 1 daughter . Byrd had repudiated Carter before her death in 1760 , which is considered a probable suicide . Byrd remarried , and fathered ten more by his second wife , Mary Willing , daughter of Charles Willing of Philadelphia .
Despondent and nearly broke , Byrd committed suicide on January 1 or 2 , 1777 . He was buried in the cemetery at the old Westover Church .
The 10 children of his second marriage ( to Mary Willing ) were :
Maria Horsmanden Byrd
Evelyn Taylor Byrd
Charles Willing Byrd ( died as child )
Abby Byrd
Anne Willing Byrd
William Boyd Byrd
Charles Willing Byrd
Dorothy Byrd ( died as child )
Jane Byrd
Richard Willing Byrd
References
External links
William Byrd III at History.org
1728 births
1777 deaths
American racehorse owners and breeders
People of Virginia in the French and Indian War
British America army officers
House of Burgesses members
People of colonial Maryland
American politicians who committed suicide
William Byrd III
American people of English descent
American planters
American slave owners
18th-century American politicians
Virginia colonial people
Burials in Virginia
18th-century suicides
Suicides in Virginia
Radha Kuchi is a village near the town of Baihata , Kamrup district , Assam , India .
Location
Radha Kuchi is about 1 kilometer away from the Indian town of Baihata . Nanara , Aagdola and Nagaon are the neighboring villages of Radha Kuchi . It belongs to the Karara Gaon Panchayat and the Bihdia block .
Festivals
The Magh Bihu is the main festival of the village , but villagers also celebrate Kati Bihu , Rongal , Bihu functions , Maha Shivaratri and Laxmi Puja . Magh Bihu is largely celebrated in this village , and the Bihu is a part of three Bihu according to Assamese mythology . Maha Shivratri is also celebrated by the village 's large Hindu population .
Places
Radha kuchi village is a village with many small parts where people from different casts and religion live . The main parts are Hindu chuburi and Muslim chuburi .
References
Villages in Kamrup district
Ijebu is a town in Owo , a local government area of Ondo State , south-western Nigeria . The transmission of courtly culture flowed in both directions between Ijebu and Owo kingdoms from the seventeenth century till date .
Oral tradition claimed that the founders were the sons of Ojugbelu Arere , the first Olowo of Owo who was a descendant of Oduduwa , the pioneer ruler of Ile-Ife .
The king of the town is called Ojomo Oluda and the incumbent Ojomo Oluda is Oba ( King ) Kofoworola Oladoyinbo Ojomo , a retired General of the Nigerian Army .
Notable people
Agboola Ojomo Agunloye
Engr Richard Omotayo Adewale ( ASAE )
References
Towns in Nigeria
Ondo State
Towns in Yorubaland
The boyfriend is a lost 1926 American romantic comedy film directed by Monta Bell . Based on the play The Book of Charm by John Alexander Kirkpatrick , the film starred Marceline Day and John Harron . This film also marked the film debut of character actress Elizabeth Patterson .
Plot
Comedy about a small-town girl unhappy with her family , and a boy trying to please her by throwing a big party .
Cast
Marceline Day – Ida May Harper
John Harron – Joe Pond
George K. Arthur – Book Agent
Ward Crane – Lester White
Gertrude Astor – Mrs. White
Otto Hoffman – Mr. Harper
Maidel Turner – Mrs. Wilson
Gwen Lee – Pettie Wilson
Elizabeth Patterson – Mrs. Harper
See also
Gertrude Astor filmography
The boyfriend ( 1971 film )
References
External links
The boyfriend at SilentEra
The boyfriend coming attraction lantern slide
1926 films
1926 romantic comedy films
American romantic comedy films
American silent feature films
American black-and-white films
American films based on plays
Films directed by Monta Bell
Lost American films
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer films
1926 lost films
Lost romantic comedy films
1920s American films
Silent romantic comedy films
Silent American comedy films
Fix the Fells is a conservation programme set up as a partnership between the Lake District National Park , National Trust , Natural England , Lake District Foundation , Friends of the Lake District and Cumbria County Council . Fix the Fells carries out work to combat erosion of footpaths in the English Lake District ( a UNESCO World Heritage Site since 2017 ) .
The organisation was established on 18 August 2001 , with funding from the Heritage Lottery Fund , in order to protect the landscape and wildlife in the Lake District mountains . In the following 20 years , it has spent almost £10 million on repairing damaged paths and eroded fell landscapes ( including numerous Special Areas of Conservation and Sites of Special Scientific Interest ) . It has also received financial support from the Rural Payments Agency and the European Regional Development Fund . Fix the Fells repairs and maintains 344 upland paths , covering .
From 2001 the repair work was carried out by rangers , from the National Trust and Lake District National Park , working with local contractors . A volunteer scheme was launched in 2007 to assist four teams of rangers and there are now over 100 volunteer ‘ lengthsmen ' ( a medieval term for someone paid to repair roads and ditches across the length of a parish ) .
Fix the Fells was featured on the BBC programme “ The Lakes with Simon Reeve ” on Sunday 21st November 2021 .
In 2022 , Fix The Fells was the winner of the Park Protector Award from the Campaign for National Parks .
References
Conservation in England
Lake District
Rural society in the United Kingdom
Diane Curry ( born February 26 , 1938 ) is an American operatic mezzo-soprano who is particularly known for her performances of the works of Richard Strauss , Richard Wagner , and Giuseppe Verdi . She was notably the mezzo-soprano soloist on the 1987 recording of Verdi 's Requiem by the Atlanta Symphony Orchestra & Chorus and conductor Robert Shaw which won the 1988 Grammy Award for Best Choral Performance .
Life and career
The daughter of Frances and Ashton Curry , Curry studied vocal music at Westminster Choir College where she graduated with a B.M . in Music ( 1960 ) and a M.M . in Music ( 1961 ) . She spent the next decade teaching on the voice faculties at Westminster and at the University of Delaware before joining the roster of artists at the New York City Opera where she performed regularly from 1972 to 1981 . Roles she performed with the NYCO included Annina in Der Rosenkavalier , Berta in The Barber of Seville , Emma Jones in Street Scene , Enrichetta in I puritani , Magdalena in Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg , Mama Lucia in Cavalleria rusticana , Mary in The Flying Dutchman , Neris in Médée , Olga in Eugene Onegin , the Second Lady in The Magic Flute , Suzuki in Madama Butterfly , and the title role in Carmen among others .
In 1976 Curry created the role of Mildred in the world premiere of Gian Carlo Menotti 's The Hero at the Opera Company of Philadelphia . She subsequently returned to Philadelphia regularly through 1995 , portraying Geneviève in Pelléas et Mélisande , Herodias in Salome , La Frugala in Il Tabarro , Mistress Quickly in Verdi 's Falstaff , the Princess in Suor Angelica , and Zita in Gianni Schicchi .
In 1979 Curry made her debuts at the Opera Theater of Saint Louis as The Voice in Ottorino Respighi 's Lucrezia and as Madelon in Andrea Chénier at the Lyric Opera of Chicago . She subsequently returned to Chicago in the roles of Federica in Luisa Miller ( 1982 ) , Katisha in The Mikado ( 1983 ) , and La Cieca in La Gioconda ( 1987 ) . From 1981 to 1986 she performed annually in Seattle Opera 's first production of Wagner 's The Ring Cycle under director Speight Jenkins , portraying Fricka in Das Rheingold and Die Walküre and Waltraute/Second Norn in Götterdämmerung .
In 1989 Curry made her debut at the Metropolitan Opera as The Nurse in Strauss ' Die Frau ohne Schatten under the baton of Christof Perick . She returned to the Met several more times in her career , portraying the Innkeeper in Boris Godunov ( 1998 ) , the Mother in Lulu ( 2001 ) , the Housemaid in War and Peace ( 2002 ) , and the Aunt in Jenůfa ( 2003 ) . In 1990 she made her debut at the San Francisco Opera as Ulrica in Un ballo in maschera .
Curry has also performed in leading roles internationally , including performances at the Arena di Verona , Bavarian State Opera , Deutsche Oper Berlin , Hamburg State Opera , La Scala , Maggio Musicale Fiorentino , and the Paris Opera among others . In 1976 she made her debut at the Festival dei Due Mondi as Bianca in Benjamin Britten 's The Rape of Lucretia . In 1982 she made her debut with the Canadian Opera Company as Mistress Quickly in Verdi 's Falstaff .
References
1938 births
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
American opera singers
Operatic mezzo-sopranos
University of Delaware faculty
Westminster Choir College alumni
Westminster Choir College faculty
Emilia Francis Strong ( 2 September 1840 , Ilfracombe , Devon – 23 October 1904 ) , better known as Lady Dilke , was a British author , art historian , feminist and trade unionist .
Biography
Emilia Francis Strong , the daughter of Henry and Emily Weedon Strong , was called by her middle name , with its masculine spelling , during her childhood and youth . She was raised in Iffley , near Oxford , and attended the South Kensington Art School in London in her late teens .
She married Mark Pattison , Rector of Lincoln College , Oxford , in 1861 ; she was then known as Francis Pattison , Mrs. Mark Pattison , or , in some of her publications , as E. F. S. Pattison .
After Mark Pattison 's death in 1884 , she married Sir Charles Dilke , and was subsequently known as Lady Dilke or Emilia Dilke . Both of her marriages were topics of some public discussion .
She became a contributor to the Saturday Review in 1864 and subsequently was for many years fine-art critic of the Academy and from 1873 its art editor , and she published in numerous other journals in Britain and France .
In addition to numerous signed and unsigned essays , and her major works of art history , she wrote essays on French politics and on women 's trade unionism and women 's work . She also published two volumes of supernatural short stories ( a third part-volume appeared posthumously ) .
She was involved with the Women 's Protective and Provident League , later the Women 's Trade Union League ( WTUL ) , from near its inception in 1874 and she served as President of the WTUL for many years until her death .
Her niece , Gertrude Tuckwell ( daughter of her sister Rosa and brother-in-law the Reverend William Tuckwell ) worked with her closely in her feminist and trade unionist activities , later becoming the first woman magistrate in London in 1919 .
Works
In addition to numerous articles in periodicals , she published , under the surname Pattison :
The Renaissance of Art in France , 2 vols . ( London , 1879 )
`` Sir Frederic Leighton , P.R.A. '' . In Illustrated Biographies of Modern Artists , e.d . Francois G. Dumas ( Paris , 1882 ) .
Claude Lorrain , sa vie and ses oeuvres ( Paris , 1884 )
Under the surname Dilke , she published the following books :
Art in the Modern State ( London , 1888 )
French Painters of the Eighteenth Century ( London , 1899 )
French Architects and Sculptors of the Eighteenth Century ( London , 1900 )
French Engravers and Draftsmen of the XVIIIth Century ( London , 1902 )
French Furniture and Decoration in the Eighteenth Century ( 1901 )
The Shrine of Death and Other Stories ( London,1886 )
The Shrine of Love and Other Stories ( London , 1891 )
The Book of the Spiritual Life , with a memoir of the author ( 1905 ) Stories and essays ; memoir by Charles Dilke .
The Outcast Spirit and Other Stories ( Snuggly Books , 2016 ) Contains most of her fiction .
Further reading
Betty Askwith , Lady Dilke : A Biography ( London : Chatto and Windus , 1968 )
Charles Dilke , `` Memoir '' of the author in Emilia Dilke , The Book of the Spiritual Life ( 1905 )
Kali Israel , Names and Stories : Emilia Dilke and Victorian Culture ( New York : OUP , 1999 )
Hilary Fraser , `` Emilia Dilke , '' in Oxford Dictionary of National Biography , ed . H. C. G. Matthew and Brian Harrison ( Oxford : OUP , 2004 )
Elizabeth Mansfield , `` Articulating Authority : Emilia Dilke 's Early Essays and Reviews , '' Victorian Periodicals Review 31 : 1 ( Spring 1998 ) : 76-86
References
External links
Lady Emilia Dilke
English journalists
English art historians
English feminists
English horror writers
English trade unionists
People from Ilfracombe
1840 births
1904 deaths
Women horror writers
Women art historians
Wives of baronets
English women trade unionists
19th-century English writers
19th-century British women writers
20th-century English writers
20th-century British women writers
British women historians
The Val des Terres Hill Climb is a hillclimbing competition held in St Peter Port , Guernsey . The course is 850 yards ( 777 m ) in length . The track has hosted a round ( latterly two rounds ) of the British Hill Climb Championship .
Val des Terres Hill Climb past winners
Key : R = Course Record .
References
See also
Bouley Bay Hill Climb
Hillclimbs
Auto races in the United Kingdom
Sport in Guernsey
Christine Milne led the Australian Greens from 2012 until 2015 . During this period , members of parliament served as official spokespersons for the party both inside and outside of Parliament on various issues , each member being assigned portfolios for their speaking duties . This allows the Greens to shadow government policies and actions from the party perspective .
First arrangement
Final arrangement
References
External links
Portfolios of the Greens caucus
Milne
2012 establishments in Australia
2015 disestablishments in Australia
Skihist Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia , Canada , located on the Thompson River and adjacent to the Trans-Canada Highway # 1 between the towns of Lytton ( W ) and Spences Bridge ( E ) . The park is named for Skihist Mountain , which is visible from the park though on the opposite side of the Fraser River to the west of Lytton .
History
Skihist Provincial Park was established in 1956 as a rest stop and overnight camping location along highway 1 .
Facilities
Day-Use
Adjacent to the highway , a rest area with water and flush toilets is available . There are standard parking spots as well as trailer parking spots . The rest area closes for the winter season . The park is open from May to September .
Camping
Skihist Campground is located near the day-use area on the opposite side of Highway # 1 . It is open during the Summer season . There are 58 campsites .
References
External links
http : //www.env.gov.bc.ca/bcparks/explore/parkpgs/skihist/
Provincial parks of British Columbia
Thompson Country
Protected areas established in 1956
1956 establishments in British Columbia
James Summers ( 5 July 1828 – 26 October 1891 ) was a British scholar of English literature , hired by the Meiji government of the Empire of Japan to establish an English language curriculum at the Kaisei Gakuin ( the forerunner of Tokyo Imperial University in 1873 ) .
Early life
Summers was born in Lichfield , Staffordshire . His father was a plasterer of limited means , and seems to have left his family some time before James became 10 years old . Summers moved from Bird Street to the Close with his mother and went to the Lichfield Diocesan Training School for about one year from September 1844 to November 1845 . He moved again to Stoke-on-Trent with his mother and started his teaching career at a National School there . His mother died in 1846 .
Hong Kong and Chinese
In 1848 , Summers was hired by Reverend Vincent John Stanton to be a tutor at St. Paul 's College in Hong Kong , where he taught General subject including History and religious studies . He used Nicholls 's Help To Reading The Bible ( 1846 ) in his religious class when teaching young Hong Kong children . Stanton 's Anglo-Chinese School opened in September 1848 upon the arrival of Summers at the property where the Bishop 's House now stands , close to Wyndham Street . Summers lived with Stanton 's family until they left for England because of health issues on 24 April 1850 . Summers eventually became the first and last schoolmaster of that school . He found himself at the centre of a tense diplomatic stand-off in 1849 when , on a brief excursion to Macao , he was arrested for failing to doff his hat in respect for a Catholic Corpus Christi festival procession . Captain Henry Keppel of 's request for Summer 's release was refused and the incensed captain then led a rescue party to make an assault on the gaol where Summers was being held . The raid was successful but Portuguese soldier Roque Barrache died in the skirmish , three others were injured and the daughter of gaoler Carvalho fell 20 feet to the ground , suffering severe injuries . The Queen of Portugal was appalled at Britain 's affront to her de facto sovereignty over Macao and tempers cooled only after an apology proffered and reparations made by the British .
When the school was transferred to the Bishop of Victoria , George Smith , and reopened as St. Paul 's College on 8 April 1850 , Summers became its third tutor . The other two were Rev . E. T. R. Moncrieff as senior tutor , and M. C. Odell as junior tutor , both of whom arrived at Hong Kong on 29 March 1850 , accompanying Smith . As soon as he was appointed the Bishop of Victoria on 29 May 1849 , Smith accepted Stanton 's offer to transfer the property and building of Stanton 's school—Stanton had the intention to leave Hong Kong in April 1849 at the latest—and made clear his plan the next month to develop it into a college as the ex-officio warden and with at least two clerical fellow labourers ; that is , Moncrieff and Odell . The plan was approved by the Archbishop of Canterbury on 15 October 1849 ; however , the buildings standing now at the same place were completed in November 1851 after nearly 1 year of construction beginning in January .
Summers was likely to resign from the college during their first summer vacation , when Smith dismissed 12 pupils with poor academic performance and reduced the number of students to 10 . One reason would attribute to the requirement of Smith : The tutors had to be in ‘ Holy Orders ' , but he was not . Summers left Hong Kong with Smith on 23 September 1850 , on HMS Reynard . During the trip , on 3 October , they landed on Ryukyu ( Loochoo ) —the vassal state of the Satsuma Domain in Japan at the time—and stayed for a week at the residence of Bernard Jean Bettelheim , a medical missionary of the Loochoo Naval Mission . During his short stay in Ryukyu , he drew several sketches , the excellence of which much surprised Bettelheim , and he became the godfather of the newly born daughter of Bettelheim and named her Lucy Fanny Loochoo . They departed there for Shanghai on the 19th of the same month .
Summers and Smith arrived at Shanghai on 14 October 1850 . Soon in the same month , Summers was hired by William Jones Boone , the Bishop of Shanghai of the Protestant Episcopal Church Mission , as a temporary superintendent at his mission school . Summers , then , was hired by Hobson , colonial chaplain at Shanghai , to teach at his private boarding school opened in his house . Summers stopped teaching at Hobson 's school for health reasons by the end of January 1852 , and he left Shanghai for England in the spring , at almost the same time his ex-colleague Moncrieff was expelled from the Church Missionary Society and the position of acting colonial chaplain in Hong Kong on the grounds of an immoral relationship with the then-widow of Charles Gutzlaff .
London and Chinese
In 1854 , aged then only 25 , Summers became professor of Chinese language of King 's College at the University of London despite his lack of a formal education and his being generally considered poorly qualified for the post .
In 1863 , Summers published a first book on the Chinese language , and the following year translated the Bible into Shanghai dialect ( using the Latin alphabet ) . His services and lectures were in great demand by diplomats , missionaries and merchants intending to travel to China . One of his students was Ernest M. Satow , who travelled to Japan as an interpreter in the early part of the Meiji period and later became the British Consul .
While in London , Summers also published The Phoenix , a journal published monthly from July 1870 to June 1873 . A total of 36 issues were published : issues 1-12 ( 1870-1 ) as The Phoenix , A Monthly Magazine for China , Japan and Eastern Asia and issues 13-16 ( 1871-1873 ) as The Phoenix , A Monthly Magazine for India , Burma , Siam , China , Japan and Eastern Asia . The journal was printed and published at 3 George Yard , Lombard Street , London .
Japan
From 1864 , Summers began publishing essays on the Japanese language and Japanese grammar , as well as translations of Japanese poetry and an excerpt from the Tale of the Heike in British literary magazines . It is not clear how Summers learned Japanese , but some Japanese students ( including Minami Teisuke ) were already in Great Britain from 1865 .
In 1873 , Summers published the first overseas Japanese-language newspaper , The Taisei Shinbun in London . The newspaper contained articles on Windsor Castle , Niagara Falls , the death of Napoleon , the Palace of Versailles , and news related to Britain along with advertisements . Summers intended it for Japanese students in London , but it did not sell well and soon ceased publication .
In 1872 , when the Iwakura Mission visited England , Summers assisted with the visit , and was offered a position as an English teacher at the new Kaisei Gakuin ( later Tokyo Imperial University ) in Tokyo . He departed Southampton in mid-summer with his family , arriving in Japan in October 1873 .
Summers used works by Shakespeare ( notably Hamlet and Henry VIII ) and John Milton in his teaching . His students included future Prime Minister Katō Takaaki , diplomat Amanō Tameyuki , and artist Okakura Kakuzō ,
In August 1876 , after his three-year contract as an O-yatoi gaikokujin expired , Summers went to the Niigata English School as an English teacher but six months later the school was closed , and he transferred to the Osaka English School . In June 1880 , Summers was invited to the Sapporo Agricultural College as a professor of English literature , where one of his students was Inazō Nitobe . In 1882 , Summers returned to Tokyo , where he tutored foreign children and opened a private school in 1884 .
In 1891 , Summers died of a cerebral hemorrhage at his home in Tsukiji Tokyo . His widow Ellen and daughters continued the school he had established , teaching English to noted novelist Junichirō Tanizaki before it closed in 1908 . Summers is buried in the foreign cemetery in Yokohama .
Works
( Oxford University )
Descriptive catalogue of the Chinese , Japanese , and Manchu books ( 1872 )
Notes
References
See also
List of Sinologists
Kwan , U.S.P . ( 2018 ) . Transferring Sinosphere Knowledge to the Public : James Summers ( 1828–91 ) as Printer , Editor and Cataloguer , East Asian Publishing and Society , 8 ( 1 ) , 56-84. doi : https : //doi.org/10.1163/22106286-12341317
External links
Unforgettable People in Japan
1828 births
1891 deaths
Foreign advisors to the government in Meiji-period Japan
People from Lichfield
Foreign educators in Japan
British expatriates in Japan
Academics of King 's College London
People from Tokyo
British sinologists
The 2013 18U Baseball World Cup was an international baseball competition held in Taichung and Yunlin ( Douliu ) , Taiwan from August 30 to September 8 , 2013 . There were no games played on August 30 and August 31 , due to rain .
Medalists
Teams
The following 12 teams qualified for the tournament .
Chinese Taipei is the official IBAF designation for the team representing the state officially referred to as the Republic of China , more commonly known as Taiwan . ( See also political status of Taiwan for details . )
Round 1
Group A
| }
Group B
| }
Round 2
5th place game
3rd place game
Final
See also
List of sporting events in Taiwan
References
World Junior Baseball Championship
U-18 Baseball World Cup
The Scenopinidae or window flies are a small ( about 400 described species ) family of flies ( Diptera ) , distributed worldwide . In buildings , they are often taken at windows , hence the common name window flies .
The two species with cosmopolitan distributions are associated with the movement of trade goods ( Scenopinus fenestralis and S. glabrifrons ) . Very little is known of the larval biology ; larvae have been found associated with stored-grain pests , in nests of birds and rodents , in beetle larvae burrows in trees and shrubs , and in association with therevid larvae in soil . They may be predators of the larvae of other insects . Adults have sponging mouthparts and are found on open flowers .
Description
The adults are small insects , usually with the body no longer than 5 mm , glabrous or slightly hairy and with blackish livery .
The head is holoptic in the males of most species , and dichoptic in females . It is provided with three ocelli . The pendulous antennae are composed of three segments the two basal segments short and the third elongated ; ‘ modified ' ; with a nonannulated flagellum . The mouthparts are of the sucking type with the labrum ( proboscis ) very short and with a fleshy apex , and one- or two-segmented maxillary palps . The thorax is moderately convex , with mesoscutal bristles in the Proratinae . The legs are short and lack arolia and empodia . The wings overlap on the abdomen , in the resting phase . The abdomen is large and cylindrical or flattened , composed of seven apparent urites in males and eight in females .
Venation
The wing venation differs substantially from that of Therevidae by the number of branches of the media which are reduced to two or three and from that of Bombyliidae in having a simpler radial system . In most of the family , the costa stops short of the wing apex , in correspondence with the termination of R 5 or M 1 . An exception is Caenotus , in which the costa extends for the entire margin .
The radius is divided into four branches , with R 2+3 undivided . The entire radial system is positioned in the front half of the wing , without going beyond the axis that connects the base with the apex . R 1 and R 2+3 are relatively short and converge on the costal margin with a short distance between them . R 4 terminates on the costal margin , R 5 terminates before the apex of the wing or , in some genera , at the apex ( but R 5 may also converge on the apex as in Cyrtosarthe and Pseudatrichia ) .
The media is divided into two or three branches . M 1 is always present and usually reaches the wing margin before or at the apex of the wing ( e.g . Scenopinus , Prepseudatrichia , Caenotinae , Proratinae ) ; in most genera of Scenopininae , R 5 closes a cell , while in Cyrtosarthe , it converges on the posterior margin ; in some Australian species , belonging to the genera Scenopinus and Rekiella , M 1 is incomplete and does not reach the margin . M 2 is missing in the majority of the Scenopininae , but it is present in the Proratinae in Cyrtosarthe and Caenotus and runs into on the posterior border .
In these genera , the bifurcation of M 1+2 coincides with the front apex of the distal discal cell , or is placed in a distal position with respect to the cell . M 3 is absent in the whole family , M 4 is always present , but in Seguyia it is incomplete and does not reach the margin .
The conformation of the cells is strictly dependent on the morphology of the venation : the marginal cell is very narrow and opens as does the submarginal on the costal margin ; the first rear cell is relatively long and opens close to the apex of the wing . The discal cell has a pentagonal shape ( quadrangular in the Scenopininae ) apparently due to the absence of vein M 2 and the first basal cell is generally much longer than the second due to the development in length of the discal and the position of the radio-medial vein .
Biology
In general , the larvae of the Scenopinidae colonize the sandy soils of arid environments or dry litter and feed by preying on other soil arthropods . Frequently , however , they are , always as predators , in other habitats , such as wood and other substrates , decomposing organic , dens and nests of mammals and birds , and sometimes domestic environments . The latter habit , derived from a secondary synanthropic adaptation , is frequent in some species of the genus Scenopinus . In this case , the larvae prey on insect pests of clothing ( moths ) , foodstuffs ( larvae of moths and beetles ) , wood ( termites ) or zooparasites associated with humans or domestic animals , such as dust mites and fleas . Adults feed on nectar and honeydew .
Systematics
In the past , the Scenopinidae included only the current subfamily Scenopininae , while the other genera known at that time were placed in other families . Prorates was described and classified by Melander ( 1906 ) among Empididae and Caenotus was described and classified by Cole ( 1923 ) within Therevidae . Currently Prorates and other members of the former Bombyliidae subfamily Proratinae , as well as Caenotus , are included in Scenopinidae , sharing apomorphies with other Scenopinidae , resulting in three subfamilies : the Caenotinae , the Proratinae , and the Scenopininae .
Subfamily Caenotinae : Caenotus .
Subfamily Proratinae : Acaenotus , Alloxytropus , Caenotoides , Jackhallia , Prorates .
Subfamily Scenopininae : Belosta , Brevitrichia , Caenoneura , Heteromphrale , Irwiniana , Metatrichia , Neopseudatrichia , Paramonova , Paratrichia , Prepseudatrichia , Propebrevitrichia , Pseudatrichia , Riekiella , Scenopinus , Seguyia , Stenomphrale .
Incertae sedis : Cyrtosathe .
Clade showing relationship of Asiloidea
The oldest known member of the family is Burmaprorates alagracilis from the mid Cretaceous Burmese amber of Myanmar , which belongs to the subfamily Proratinae .
Zoogeography
The family is worldwide , and while the Nearctic realm has the most species , this may be because other parts of the world are far less intensively studied and many new species remain undiscovered .
References
Kelsey , L.P. ( 1975 ) Family Scenopinidae . In M.D . Delfinado & D.E . Hardy ( eds ) , A Catalog of the Diptera of the Oriental Region . vol . II . Suborder Brachycera- Division Aschiza , Suborder Cyclorrhapha . pp . 94–95 . University Press Hawaii , Honolulu .
Kelsey , L.P. ( 1980 ) Family Scenopinidae . In R.W . Crosskey ( ed . ) , Catalogue of the Diptera from the Afrotropical region , pp 321–323 . British Museum ( Natural History ) , London .
Kelsey , L.P. ( 1981 ) Scenopinidae . In J.F . McAlpine , B.V. Peterson , G.E . Shewell , H.J . Teskey , J.R. Vockeroth & D.M . Wood ( eds ) , Manual of Nearctic Diptera 1 : 525-528 . Research Branch , Agriculture Canada Monograph , Ottawa 674 pp .
Kelsey , L.P. ( 1989 ) Family Scenopinidae . In N.L . Evenhuis ( ed . ) Catalog of Diptera of the Australasian and Oceanian Regions . pp . 350–352 . Bishop Museum Special Publication . Bishop Museum Press 86 : 1-1154 .
Kelsey , L.P. & Soos , A . ( 1989 ) Family Scenopinidae . In A. Soos & L. Papp ( eds . ) Catalogue of Palaearctic Diptera . Therevidae-Empididae , 6 : 35-43 . Akadémial Kiadó , Budapest .
Krivosheina , N.P . ( 1997 ) Family Scenopinidae . In L. Papp & B. Darvas ( eds ) Contributions to a manual of Palaearctic Diptera ( with special reference to flies of economic importance ) . Volume 2 : Nematocera and lower Brachycera . pp . 531–538 . Science Herald , Budapest .
External links
A Website dedicated to the Scenopinidae is at California Department of Food and Agriculture
Family description
See
Wing venation
Species lists
92 Palaearctic
Nearctic
Japan
Australasian/Oceanian
World list
List of soldierflies and allies of Great Britain
Images
Diptera.info Gallery
BugGuide
Family Scenopinidae at EOL
Brachycera families
Martina Hingis and Leander Paes were the defending champions , but lost in the quarterfinals to Sania Mirza and Ivan Dodig .
Elena Vesnina and Bruno Soares won the title , defeating CoCo Vandeweghe and Horia Tecău in the final , 6–4 , 4–6 , [ 10–5 ] .
Seeds
Draw
Finals
Top half
Bottom half
References
Main Draw
External links
2016 Australian Open – Doubles draws and results at the International Tennis Federation
Mixed Doubles
Australian Open ( tennis ) by year – Mixed doubles
Kas Vidruk was a Grey Cup champion Canadian Football League player . He played on both offense and defence as a centre , guard , tackle and linebacker .
When only 17 years old , and just out of high school , Vidruk signed with the Winnipeg Blue Bombers in 1942 for $ 50 ( making him perhaps the youngest player and first Lithuanian in the history of the CFL . ) The Bombers suspended operation in 1943 ( becoming the Winnipeg RCAF Bombers ) and Vidruk enlisted in the Royal Canadian Navy . Upon his return in 1945 he rejoined the Bombers . He played in the 1945 Grey Cup loss to the Toronto Argonauts .
He moved to Montreal in 1948 , playing for the Montreal Alouettes and beginning studies at McGill University that would lead to his Physical Education degree . In 1949 he was an integral part of the Larks first Grey Cup championship as a replacement for all-star Eagle Keys at centre and a backup at every other line position . He played 3 seasons with Montreal , for a total of 30 games . Returning to Winnipeg , he played for 5 more seasons , including the 1953 Grey Cup .
He studied at University of Manitoba . Vidruk became deeply involved in the Winnipeg amateur sports community :
Pan Am Games Society and Faculties Board ( 1966-69 ) , Manitoba Football Official Association , Canadian Football League Official , Manitoba Amateur Football Association , founding member of the Manitoba High School Athletic Association , Chairman of the Manitoba Sports Federation Boards of Directors ( 1978-81 ) , Sports Federation of Canada Board Member ( 1982-85 ) , Vice Chairman of the Manitoba Sports Hall of Fame ( 1979-85 ) , active member of the Manitoba Waterski Association .
For all his good works , he was enshrined in the Manitoba Sports Hall of Fame in 1987 . He died on October 21 , 1986 .
References
1925 births
1986 deaths
People from Šiauliai
Lithuanian emigrants to Canada
Canadian military personnel of World War II
Montreal Alouettes players
Winnipeg Blue Bombers players
McGill University Faculty of Education alumni
University of Manitoba alumni
Canadian players of Canadian football
Jasper County is a county in the U.S. state of Iowa . As of the 2020 census , the population was 37,813 . The county seat is Newton . The county was organized in 1846 and is named after Sergeant William Jasper , a Revolutionary War hero .
Jasper County is part of the Des Moines–West Des Moines , IA Metropolitan Statistical Area .
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 0.3 % ) is water . The North and South Skunk River flows through the county . Bodies of water include Lake Mariposa and Rock Creek .
Major highways
Interstate 80
U.S. Highway 6
U.S. Highway 65
Iowa Highway 14
Iowa Highway 117
Iowa Highway 163
Iowa Highway 224
Iowa Highway 330
Adjacent counties
Marshall County ( north )
Poweshiek County ( east )
Mahaska County ( southeast )
Marion County ( south )
Polk County ( west )
Story County ( northwest )
Demographics
2020 census
The 2020 census recorded a population of 37,813 in the county , with a population density of . 96.04 % of the population reported being of one race . There were 16,132 housing units , of which 14,994 were occupied .
2010 census
The 2010 census recorded a population of 36,842 in the county , with a population density of . There were 16,181 housing units , of which 14,806 were occupied .
2000 census
As of the census of 2000 , there were 37,213 people , 14,689 households , and 10,267 families residing in the county . The population density was 51 people per square mile ( 20/km2 ) . There were 15,659 housing units at an average density of 22 per square mile ( 8/km2 ) . The racial makeup of the county was 97.58 % White , 0.83 % Black or African American , 0.22 % Native American , 0.44 % Asian , 0.05 % Pacific Islander , 0.26 % from other races , and 0.62 % from two or more races . 1.01 % of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race .
There were 14,689 households , out of which 31.70 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 59.30 % were married couples living together , 7.40 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 30.10 % were non-families . 26.10 % of all households were made up of individuals , and 11.80 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older . The average household size was 2.42 and the average family size was 2.92 .
In the county , the population was spread out , with 24.60 % under the age of 18 , 7.40 % from 18 to 24 , 28.60 % from 25 to 44 , 23.40 % from 45 to 64 , and 16.00 % who were 65 years of age or older . The median age was 38 years . For every 100 females there were 101.60 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 99.70 males .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 41,683 , and the median income for a family was $ 50,071 . Males had a median income of $ 36,001 versus $ 24,770 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 19,622 . About 4.80 % of families and 6.50 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 7.10 % of those under age 18 and 7.00 % of those age 65 or over .
Government and infrastructure
The Iowa Department of Corrections Newton Correctional Facility is in an unincorporated area in Jasper County , near Newton .
Communities
Cities
Baxter
Colfax
Kellogg
Lambs Grove
Lynnville
Mingo
Mitchellville
( part )
Monroe
Newton
Oakland Acres
Prairie City
Reasnor
Sully
Valeria
Unincorporated communities
Ira
Killduff
Newburg
Rushville
Townships
Buena Vista
Clear Creek
Des Moines
Elk Creek
Fairview
Hickory Grove
Independence
Kellogg
Lynn Grove
Malaka
Mariposa
Mound Prairie
Newton
Palo Alto
Poweshiek
Richland
Rock Creek
Sherman
Washington
Population ranking
The population ranking of the following table is based on the 2020 census of Jasper County .
† county seat
Notable people
John M. Haines , tenth Governor of Idaho ; born in Jasper County .
Lyle Goodhue , chemist and inventor , born in Jasper County .
Sara Haines , American television host and journalist .
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Jasper County , Iowa
References
External links
Jasper County government 's website
1846 establishments in Iowa Territory
Populated places established in 1846
Laupen Castle ( ) is a castle in the municipality of Laupen of the Canton of Bern in Switzerland . It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance .
See also
List of castles in Switzerland
References
External links
Cultural property of national significance in the canton of Bern
Castles in the Canton of Bern
Laupen
Anthony John Clark ( 17 June 1924 – 16 June 2009 ) was a British international sports shooter .
Sports shooting career
He competed at the 1960 , 1964 , 1968 and 1972 Summer Olympics . He represented England and won a gold medal in the rapid fire pistol and a silver medal in the centre fire pistol , at the 1966 British Empire and Commonwealth Games in Kingston , Jamaica . Eight years later he competed in the rapid fire pistol event at the 1974 British Commonwealth Games in Christchurch , New Zealand .
References
1924 births
2009 deaths
British male sport shooters
Olympic shooters of Great Britain
Shooters at the 1960 Summer Olympics
Shooters at the 1964 Summer Olympics
Shooters at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Shooters at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Southampton
Shooters at the 1966 British Empire and Commonwealth Games
Shooters at the 1974 British Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games medallists in shooting
Commonwealth Games gold medallists for England
Commonwealth Games silver medallists for England
Łuszczów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Uchanie , within Hrubieszów County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland . It lies approximately south-east of Uchanie , north-west of Hrubieszów , and south-east of the regional capital Lublin .
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
Bruno Leonardo Vicente ( born 18 February 1989 ) is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Casertana F.C . He also holds Italian citizenship .
Club career
Born in Cruzeiro do Sul , Paraná , Vicente started his career at Santa Catarina side Figueirense . He signed a 3-year contract in 2006 . In June 2008 , he was signed by Campo Grande until December 2009 ( de facto associated with agent company Pedrinho VRP ) , but in August 2008 loaned to Serie B strugglers Treviso , along with Vanderson and Ricardo . Primary a Primavera team player , Vicente made his Serie B debut on 25 April 2009 , replacing Federico Piovaccari in the 68th minute . Treviso relegated after the season and he was signed by Lega Pro Prima Divisione side Portogruaro . He became one of the regular starter of the team , started 20 league matches and won the Group B champion . On 13 July 2010 , he signed a 1+3-year contract with Serie B side Padova .
In July 2013 Vicente was signed by Parma for an undisclosed fee , with Francesco Modesto moved to opposite direction for a fee of €250,000 . Vicente was immediately left for Slovenian club ND Gorica , along with other Parma-contracted players Abel Gigli and Ronaldo Vanin .
After the bankruptcy of Parma , in summer 2015 Vicente was signed by Akragas .
On 26 September 2016 Vicente was signed by Melfi on another free transfer .
On 7 January 2020 , he signed a 1.5-year contract with Catania .
On 18 January 2021 , he moved to Renate .
He finished his contract with Renate at the end of season . On 16 September 2021 he joined Serie D club Casertana .
Honours
Portogruaro
Lega Pro Prima Divisione ( Group B ) : 2009–10
References
External links
Profile at Football.it
PrvaLiga profile
1989 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Paraná ( state )
Brazilian footballers
Association football midfielders
Figueirense FC players
Campo Grande Atlético Clube players
Serie B players
Serie C players
A.C.D . Treviso players
A.S.D . Portogruaro players
Calcio Padova players
Como 1907 players
Parma Calcio 1913 players
S.S. Akragas Città dei Templi players
A.S. Melfi players
S.S. Juve Stabia players
Catania S.S.D . players
A.C. Renate players
Casertana F.C . players
First Professional Football League ( Bulgaria ) players
FC Botev Vratsa players
Slovenian PrvaLiga players
ND Gorica players
Brazilian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Italy
Expatriate footballers in Bulgaria
Expatriate footballers in Slovenia
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Italy
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Bulgaria
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Slovenia
Vtape is a Canadian artist-run centre located in Toronto , Ontario . It is Canada 's largest distributor of video art , and the world 's largest distributor of Indigenous and First People 's film and video . The organization is run as a not for profit and is known for video art distribution , media preservation , exhibition programming , and training programs . Vtape 's collection features more than 1000 artists and consists of conceptual art videos , video art installation , performance-based works , and social issue documentaries . All artists distributed by Vtape maintain full ownership of their work , and the organization does not require exclusive distribution rights . This model is seen in other Canadian video art distribution organizations Video In Video Out and Videopool .
History
Vtape was established in 1980 by artists Lisa Steele , Susan Britton , Rodney Werden , Clive Robertson , Colin Campbell and Kim Tomczak with the mission to improve the distribution and dissemination of video art and to compensate artists fairly for their work . It was incorporated as a not-for-profit in 1983 . Vtape provided organizational assistance for independent art exhibitions throughout the 1980s and 1990s during conditions of intensive censorship of artists ' film and video works by the Government of Ontario .
Aboriginal collection
Vtape began a dedicated collection of video works by Aboriginal artists in 1994 , after being approached by Zachary Longboy . It is the only specialized collection within the organization , and the only collection at Vtape that will accept works on film and works by first-time artists . Longboy helped develop the collection as Vtape 's Aboriginal outreach coordinator , and was succeeded by Cynthia Lickers-Sage . As outreach coordinator , Lickers-Sage broadened the collection 's reach through the establishment of the imagineNative Film Festival in 1998 . The foundation of the Aboriginal Digital Access Project in 2012 broadened access to this special collection by allowing curators from around the world to preview video and film works online , rather than at the archive in person .
Notes
References and further reading
Gale , Peggy , Lisa Steele , George Elliott , Harold Innis , Marshall McLuhan , John Greyson , Marie-Hélène Cousineau et al . Video Re/View : The ( Best ) Source for Critical Writings on Canadian Artists ' Video . ( 1996 ) .
Ghaznavi , Corinna . `` Lisa Steele and Kim Tomczak . '' Canadian Art 17.4 ( 2000 ) : 68 .
Koostachin , Jules . `` Remembering Inninimowin : The Language of the Human Beings . '' Canadian Journal of Law & Society/La Revue Canadienne Droit et Société 27 , no . 1 ( 2012 ) : 75–80 .
External links
Official website
Film collectives
Arts organizations established in 1980
Art centres in Canada
Film archives in Canada
This list of fictional pachyderms is a subsidiary to the List of fictional ungulates . Characters from various fictional works are organized by medium .
Outside strict biological classification , the term `` pachyderm '' is commonly used to describe elephants , rhinoceroses , and hippopotamuses ; this list also includes extinct mammals such as woolly mammoths , mastodons , etc .
Literature
Comics
Mythology
Media
Film
Television
Animation
Video games
Other
Nellie the Elephant , a song written in 1956 , by Ralph Butler and Peter Hart about a fictional intelligent elephant of the same name .
B.B . Bubbles , a pink animatronic circus elephant who played the piano at Chuck E Cheese 's Pizza Time Theatre .
Dolli Dimples , a female piano playing hippo at Chuck E. Cheese 's Pizza Time Theatre .
Ellie Funt , a lavender elephant stuffed from Suzy 's Zoo .
Welephant , a red elephant cartoon character with a fireman 's helmet ; icon for promoting fire safety to children , and mascot for the Children 's Burn Trust .
Elmer the Safety Elephant , mascot and icon for Canada Safety Council .
Hippo , a peach-colored hippo cartoon character that wears blue-and-white-striped pyjamas , and mascot for Silentnight .
See also
Lists of fictional animals
List of individual elephants
Notes
References
Pachy
Pachy
Lists of elephants
Hale High School may refer to :
Hale High School ( Michigan ) , United States
Hale High School ( Missouri ) , United States
Hale Center High School , Texas , United States
Hale County High School , Alabama , United States
Hale O Ulu School , Hawaii , United States
St. David 's School ( Raleigh , North Carolina ) , United States ( formerly known as Hale High School )
See also
Nathan Hale High School ( disambiguation )
Ismail Ghazali ( ; born 1977 ) is a Moroccan writer . He was born in the Berber village of M'rirt in northern Morocco . He studied Arabic literature at university .
To date , he has published several novels and novellas and six collections of short stories . His book Garden of the Spotted Gazelle was shortlisted for the Moroccan Book Prize in 2012 . His novel The Season of Pike Fishing was longlisted for the 2014 Arabic Booker Prize .
References
1977 births
Berber writers
Living people
Moroccan writers
People from M'Rirt
Moroccan novelists
Astra 1H is one of the Astra communications satellites owned and operated by SES .
History
SES ordered its Hughes 601HP satellite , in 1995 for Astra 1H .
Launch
Astra-1H was launched on 18 June 1999 at 01:49:30 UTC , by a Proton-K / DM-2M launch vehicle , from Site 81/23 at the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan . It was maneuvered into a geostationary orbit at 19.2° East of longitude .
References
Astra satellites
Satellites of Luxembourg
Spacecraft launched in 1999
1999 in spaceflight
1999 in Luxembourg
Satellites using the BSS-601 bus
Fork Songs is an album by New Zealand band Tall Dwarfs released in 1991 . Tracks 15 to 20 are bonus tracks on the CD , originally released in 1986 as Dogma EP .
Track listing
`` Dare To Tread ''
`` We Bleed Love ''
`` Wings ''
`` Skirl ''
`` Thought Disorder ''
`` Small Talk ''
`` Lowlands ''
`` Life Is Strange ''
`` Daddy ''
`` All Is Fine ''
`` Two Humans ''
`` Oatmeal ''
`` Boys ''
`` Think Small ''
`` Lurlene Bayliss ''
`` Waltz Of The Good Husband ''
`` The Slide ''
`` Ca n't ''
`` Dog ''
`` Missed Again ''
References
1990 albums
Tall Dwarfs albums
Flying Nun Records albums
The Mount Olive Tribune was a weekly newspaper based in Mount Olive , North Carolina covering Southern Wayne and Northern Duplin Counties . It 's final edition was published on June 29 , 2022 .
References
External links
Mount Olive Tribune website
Weekly newspapers published in North Carolina
Wayne County , North Carolina
Duplin County , North Carolina
1904 establishments in North Carolina
2022 disestablishments in North Carolina
Publications established in 1904
Defunct newspapers published in North Carolina
The family Vampyrellidae is a subgroup of the order Aconchulinida ( formerly Vampyrellida ) within the phylum Cercozoa . Based on molecular sequence data , the family currently comprises the genus Vampyrella , and maybe several other vampyrellid amoebae ( e.g . Gobiella ) . The cells are naked and characterised by radiating , filose pseudopodia ( also referred to as filopodia ) and an orange colouration of the main cell body .
In former times the family Vampyrellidae contained several genera ( e.g . Vampyrella , Gobiella , Leptophrys , Platyreta , Theratromyxa ) and was identical with the order Vampyrellida West , 1901 , also known under the name `` Aconchulinida '' . However , based on molecular sequence data it seemed reasonable to restrict the family Vampyrellidae to a subgroup ( containing the genus Vampyrella ) and to establish another family for the genera Leptophrys , Platyreta and Theratromyxa , namely the Leptophryidae Hess et al. , 2012 .
Characteristics
When free-floating , the cell is spherical and around 30 μm across , with long radially directed filose pseudopods as well as distinctive shorter club-shaped ones , so that it resembles a heliozoan . Moving , the cell stretches out and takes a more typical amoeboid form , with an obvious distinction between the clear periphery and pseudopods and the greenish interior . In this form it finds its way into algae cells and feeds on their interiors . At least one genus , Theratromyxa , also feeds on soil nematodes . A few other vampyrellids are parasitic on fungi . As such , these vampyrellids can be an important control of parasitic rust fungus of wheat and other crops .
Vampyrellids characteristically have mitochondria with tubular cristae . Together with the nucleariids they include the majority of the naked filose amoebae .
Systematics and Phylogeny
Clades and Genera
There are at least 45 credibly described species that are either proved or likely to belong to the order Vampyrellida , falling into 14 genera , which can be grouped into 5 clades :
Leptophryidae Hess , Sausen & Melkonian , 2012
Arachnomyxa Hess , 2017
Leptophrys Hertwig & Lesser , 1874
Planctomyxa Hess , 2017
Platyreta Cavalier-Smith & Bass , 2008
Theratromyxa Zwillenberg , 1952
Vernalophrys Gong et al . 2015
Placopodidae Jahn , 1928 = Hyalodiscidae Poche , 1913
Placopus Schulze , 1875 = Hyalodiscus Hertwig & Lesser , 1874
Sericomyxidae More , Simpson & Hess , 2021
Sericomyxa More et al . 2021
Thalassomyxa clade
Thalassomyxa Grell , 1985
Vampyrellidae Zopf , 1885
Vampyrella Cienkowski , 1865
Vampyrellida incertae sedis
Arachnula Cienkowski , 1876 ( potential synonym with Thalassomyxa , Leptophryidae )
Asterocaelum Canter , 1973 ( ? Leptophryidae )
Lateromyxa Hülsmann , 1993
Monadopsis Klein , 1882
Genera with uncertain phylogenetic affinity
Gobiella Cienkowski , 1881 ( putative amoeboid heterokont alga , ≈Chlamydomyxa )
Vampyrellidium Zopf , 1885 ( putative nucleariid amoebae )
Vampyrelloides Schepotieff , 1912 = Protogenes Trichense , 1885
Vampyrina Frenzel , 1893
Phylogenetic Tree
References
External links
http : //starcentral.mbl.edu/microscope/portal.php ? pagetitle=assetfactsheet & imageid=932
http : //tolweb.org/tree ? group=The_other_protists & contgroup=Eukaryotes
Aconchulinida
Cercozoa families
Taxa named by Friedrich Wilhelm Zopf
Go Jae-hyeon ( ; born 5 March 1999 ) is a South Korean football midfielder who plays for Daegu FC and the South Korea national under-23 football team .
Career statistics
Honours
Domestic
Daegu FC
Korean FA Cup : 2018
International
South Korea U20
FIFA U-20 World Cup runner-up : 2019
References
1999 births
Living people
Association football midfielders
South Korean footballers
Daegu FC players
Seoul E-Land FC players
K League 1 players
K League 2 players
Pterinochilus is a genus of baboon spiders that was first described by Reginald Innes Pocock in 1897 . They are found all throughout Africa
Species
it contains ten species , all found in Africa :
Pterinochilus alluaudi Berland , 1914 – Kenya
Pterinochilus andrewsmithi Gallon , 2009 – Kenya
Pterinochilus chordatus ( Gerstäcker , 1873 ) – East Africa
Pterinochilus cryptus Gallon , 2008 – Angola
Pterinochilus lapalala Gallon & Engelbrecht , 2011 – South Africa
Pterinochilus lugardi Pocock , 1900 – Southern , East Africa
Pterinochilus murinus Pocock , 1897 – Angola , Central , East , Southern Africa
Pterinochilus raygabrieli Gallon , 2009 – Kenya
Pterinochilus simoni Berland , 1917 – Angola , Congo
Pterinochilus vorax Pocock , 1897 ( type ) – Angola , Central , East Africa
In synonymy
Formerly included
See also
List of Theraphosidae species
References
Theraphosidae genera
Spiders of Africa
Taxa named by R. I. Pocock
Theraphosidae
National Route 24 is a national highway in South Korea connects Sinan County to Nam District , Ulsan . It established on 31 August 1971 .
Main stopovers
South Jeolla Province
Sinan County - Muan County - Hampyeong County - Jangseong County - Damyang County
North Jeolla Province
Sunchang County - Namwon
South Gyeongsang Province
Hamyang County - Geochang County - Hapcheon County - Changnyeong County - Miryang
Ulsan
Ulju County - Nam District
Major intersections
( ■ ) : Motorway
IS : Intersection , IC : Interchange
South Jeolla Province
North Jeolla Province
South Gyeongsang Province
Ulsan
References
24
Roads in South Jeolla
Roads in North Jeolla
Roads in South Gyeongsang
Roads in Ulsan
Wagah is a 2016 Indian Tamil-language action romance film written and directed by G. N. R. Kumaravelan . The film features Vikram Prabhu and Ranya Rao in the leading roles , while D. Imman composes the soundtrack . Set in Wagah , the flashpoint border post between India and Pakistan , the film revolves around an Indian soldier who finds himself in a tough situation when he gets caught by Pakistani soldiers while safely escorting his girlfriend to her home in Pakistan . It received mixed reviews .
Wagah was extensively shot in Pahalgam , Jammu and Kashmir and a few extreme border locations which had very tight securities . The audio of the film was launched on 18 April 2016 .
Wagah released theatrically on 12 August 2016 in India and other countries . Upon its release , the film met mixed responses from both critics and audiences .
In its first weekend , the film grossed Rs.66.72 lakhs from 189 shows . However , due to mixed reviews , the film later failed to sustain its collections at the box office . After the end of its theatrical run , Wagah was made available on digital streaming platform Herotalkies on 1 September 2016 .
Plot
The movie begins with the news announcement of the decapitation of two BSF jawans by the Pakistan Army and a third jawan named Vasu ( Vikram Prabhu ) missing . The scene then shifts to a Pakistan Army base where a wounded Vasu is held prisoner . He narrates the events leading to his imprisonment .
Vasu , who is from a small town in Tamil Nadu , joined the BSF after his graduation to avoid working in his father 's ( Raj Kapoor ) provision store and was posted at the India-Pakistan border in Jammu and Kashmir . One day , he encountered a young Kashmiri Muslim girl named Khanum ( Ranya Rao ) and immediately got attracted to her . After some days , Khanum reciprocated Vasu 's feelings but sadly walked away when he asked her to marry him .
The next morning , two jawans were decapitated by the Pakistan Army ( which was reported at the beginning of the film ) , forcing all Pakistanis in Kashmir to return to Pakistan due to rising anti-Pakistan sentiment . Vasu , who was tasked with the responsibility to ensure that all Pakistanis returned safely , was shocked when he found out that Khanum is a Pakistani from Azad Kashmir who had come to India to visit her grandfather . Later , the bus in which Khanum was travelling was burnt by protestors just a few kilometres from the border ; however , Khanum managed to survive . Vasu took her to her home in PoK safely via an unguarded border crossing but was soon caught by the Pakistan Army for infiltrating into their country . He then gets imprisoned .
In the present day , Vasu finds out that along with him , 23 other BSF jawans are held prisoner by the Pakistan Army . One day , he is made to fight one of the imprisoned BSF jawans ( Ajay Rathnam ) . He manages to defeat the jawan but is then taken to a nearby cliff by the Pakistan Army to be shot . However , a sympathetic Pakistan Army officer , whose daughter 's illness was successfully treated by Indian doctors , secretly allows him to escape .
Vasu goes to Khanum 's village , where he witnesses Khanum 's family being killed by a cruel anti-Indian Pakistan Army commander named Razzaq Ali Khan ( Shaji Chaudhary ) , who feels that Khanum is a traitor for loving the Indian Vasu . Vasu rescues Khanum and both of them leave for the Indian border , with Razzaq and the Pakistan Army in pursuit . He manages to subdue the army men as well as Razzaq , but chooses to not kill Razzaq . Razzaq , while accepting defeat , reveals that his opinion of India and Indians will not change . At this , Vasu forcefully replies that despite being an Indian , he does not hate Pakistan and Pakistanis and that the misguided hatred between the two countries only aggravates the India-Pakistan conflict .
The movie ends with Vasu revealing the presence of the 23 jawans in Pakistan and ensuring their freedom , for which he is honoured by the President as well as the Prime Minister of India .
Cast
Vikram Prabhu as Havildar Vasu
Ranya Rao as Khanum ( Kajal )
Shaji Chaudhary as Razzaq Ali Khan
Karunas as Nagappan
Sathyan as Pazhani
Rajendran as the PT Master
Raj Kapoor as Vasu 's father
Tulasi as Vasu 's mother
Vidyullekha Raman as Juhi
Ajay Rathnam as imprisoned BSF jawan
Rangaraj Pandey as himself
`` Jaya TV '' Jacob as Periyappa
Production
In November 2013 , director Kumaravelan was working on the pre-production of a film on a cross-border romance between an Indian and a Pakistani , starring Vikram Prabhu and approached Alia Bhatt to play the leading female role . However , in June 2014 , the producer , Chain Raaj Jain , shelved the venture citing financial restraints . Kumaravelan then found producers in the form of Vijay Bhargavi Films , who helped restart the project . Actress Tulasi revealed that she would play a supporting role in the film , while Vairamuthu announced that he would be the film 's lyricist . D. Imman was signed on to compose the film 's music , while Satish Kumar and Lalgudi Ilaiyaraaja were chosen as cinematographer and art director respectively .
The film 's shoot began in Karaikudi in February 2015 for ten days , before the team moved to Kashmir and then on to the Wagah border to shoot scenes . The team announced the film 's lead actress belatedly in June 2015 , with Ranya Rao announced to be making her debut in Tamil films .
Music
D. Imman was signed to compose the film 's music in G. N. R. Kumaravelan 's direction .
Critical reception
Pressks.come rated the film 3.5/5 , writing `` Do n't miss this film in theatres . '' Indiaglitz gave it a 2.5/5 saying that it `` impresses as a cross-border conflict flick with more emphasis on human emotions and humanitarian values '' .
Rediff.com gave it a 2/5 and described it as `` flippant and insensitive '' .
Behindwoods gave it a 1.75/5 and called it `` an outdated cross border romance '' . The Times of India gave it a 1.5/5 saying that `` it 's a badly written , clumsily directed cross-border romance whose approach towards matters of the heart is as naive and laughable as its understanding of international politics , border security and patriotism . '' Hindustan Times gave it a 1/5 claiming that it had `` a tottering script blanketed in hyperbole '' . Filmibeat also gave it a 1/5 saying that it was `` half-beat and unintentionally funny '' .
Baradwaj Rangan of The Hindu called it `` A misfire on many levels '' in his review .
References
External links
2010s Tamil-language films
Indian action films
Films based on Indo-Pakistani wars and conflicts
Films shot in Jammu and Kashmir
Films set in Jammu and Kashmir
Indian Army in films
Films set in Pakistan
2016 action films
Kashmir conflict in films
Military of Pakistan in films
Steal Wool is a 1957 Warner Bros. Looney Tunes cartoon directed by Chuck Jones . The short was released on June 8 , 1957 , and stars Ralph Wolf and Sam Sheepdog .
Mel Blanc provided for the voices of all the characters in this cartoon ; however , like all Ralph Wolf and Sam Sheepdog shorts , this short is mostly composed of visual gags .
This is the fourth short featuring Ralph Wolf and Sam Sheepdog . The title is a play on steel wool .
Plot
Like all Ralph Wolf and Sam Sheepdog shorts , this one revolves around Ralph Wolf trying to steal the sheep which Sam Sheepdog is guarding . Sam wakes up to his alarm and presses it harshly before it goes back to its original position . As he is leaving the house with his lunch box , he tosses a newspaper in front of Ralph 's door and he comes out eating a doughnut . The two co-workers cordially bid each other good morning .
1 . Ralph 's first plan is to sneak under a sheep and carry it off , wearing it as a disguise . When Ralph is caught by Sam , he attempts to push the sheep away and act innocent , but Sam punches him in the nose , turning his nose into an accordion .
2 . As in all three earlier episodes , Ralph devises a plan that involves tunneling under the field and digging very small holes through the surface . This time , he creates the hole a safe distance away and surveys the area with a periscope . After spotting a sheep , he attempts to capture it with a lasso , but accidentally snags Sam , who punches him in the head . This time , Ralph walks away with his entire body turned into an accordion .
3 . Ralph 's third plan is to build a simple suspension bridge out of firecrackers and lure Sam to the other side . When Sam passes , Ralph grabs a sheep , lights the firecrackers , and runs across the bridge , ensuring that Sam has no way to return . However , Sam uses his uncanny ability to appear at the other end of the bridge , where he prompts Ralph to hand over the sheep . Ralph begins running toward the burning end of the bridge ( which is now floating in midair , against the law of gravity , but not the laws of cartoon physics ) and extinguishes the firecracker . However , Sam has lit the other end of the bridge , and Ralph 's bridge disappears beneath him .
4 . Ralph then attempts to place a makeshift teeter totter under Sam and jump on the other end from a great height . However , because of Sam 's weight , the board merely acts as a springboard , tossing Ralph into Sam 's arms . Sam places Ralph on one end of the teeter totter and slams the other end down as hard as he can , sending Ralph flying through the air .
5 . Next , Ralph wheels a giant lit cannon up a hill behind Sam . As Ralph runs away , giddy , the cannon begins to roll down after him . As Ralph notices this , he runs as fast as he can , until he reaches the edge of a cliff , which has a very small cliff immediately below it . Ralph climbs onto the cliff and turtles . The cannon stops on the edge of the cliff , but has enough momentum to flip the cannon over so that it is pointing straight down at Ralph . Ralph , curious to see if he is safe , stands up , only to discover that he is inside the cannon just before it is about to fire .
6 . In Ralph 's final attempt , he sneaks up behind Sam and attaches each end of a very large elastic band to rocks on either side of Sam to create an over-sized slingshot . As Ralph pulls the band back , the rocks loosen and fire past him , anchoring themselves into opposing sides of a chasm , and slinging Ralph through the chasm . On the other side of the chasm , Ralph grabs hold of a tree and holds on for dear life , but the elasticity of the rubber band slings the two rocks into Ralph , sending Ralph , the two rocks , and a piece of the tree flying , while the rubber band is still wrapped around the rest of the tree . Ralph manages to free himself from the two rocks and the piece of tree , only to run into a cliff face and be crushed by the items . As Ralph crawls out from under the wreck , the rest of the tree slings into Ralph .
Finally , the time clock whistle blows and Ralph and Sam walk home . Ralph has two black eyes , an arm in a sling , and is stumbling around from the damage that he sustained from the items that hit him . Sam reassuringly suggests that Ralph has been working too hard , that he take the next day off and that Sam can handle both jobs . `` Gee , th-thanks , Sam '' , Ralph says , staggering back into his house . `` You 're a .... pal . ''
Reception
Animation historian Greg Ford writes , `` Much of the mythic resonance of Wile E. Coyote 's all-consuming , Sisyphean scrambles after the Road Runner would seem to stem from the lunar emptiness of the desert and the absence of any more civilized environment . Yet when Chuck Jones deposited the coyote in a more 'human ' , workaday context and set his struggles against a verdant , ironically bucolic backdrop , his plight registers as even more absurdist . For Coyote ( graced with a red nose and recast as Ralph Wolf ) had an alternative life as half of an adversarial pairing with an affable sheepdog named Sam . Unluckily for the wolf , Sam 's sight-obscuring mop top hides an ability to see everything , materialize everywhere , and ubiquitously mete out swift , draconian justice . ''
Home media
This cartoon is featured on disc 4 of Looney Tunes Golden Collection : Volume 3 .
This cartoon is featured on disc 1 of Looney Tunes Platinum Collection : Volume 3 .
See also
List of American films of 1957
Ralph Wolf and Sam Sheepdog
Looney Tunes and Merrie Melodies filmography ( 1950–1959 )
References
External links
1957 films
1957 animated films
1957 short films
1950s Warner Bros. animated short films
Looney Tunes shorts
Warner Bros. Cartoons animated short films
Short films directed by Chuck Jones
Films scored by Milt Franklyn
Films with screenplays by Michael Maltese
Films produced by Edward Selzer
1950s English-language films
Ralph Wolf and Sam Sheepdog films
Virgin Soil Upturned ( ) is a 1959 Soviet drama film directed by Aleksandr Ivanov . Based on Mikhail Sholokhov 's novel .
Plot
The film takes place in the 1930s . The film tells about the worker Davydov , who is sent to the Cossack farm to help the Don Cossacks transition to collective forms of farming and tries to organize a collective farm there by their own methods , coming into conflict with the leader of the local party .
Cast
Pyotr Chernov as Semyon Davydov
Yevgeny Matveyev as Makar Nagulnov
Fyodor Shmakov as Andrey Razmyotnov
Vladimir Dorofeyev as Grandpa Shchukar
Lyudmila Khityaeva as Lushka
Pyotr Glebov as Aleksandr Polovtsev
Viktor Chekmaryov as Yakov Ostrovnov
Iosif Kutyansky as Kondrat Maydannikov
Leonid Kmit as Grigoriy Bannik
Oleg Yaroshenko as Timofey Rvanyy
Andrei Abrikosov as the blacksmith Ippolit Sidorovich Shaly
Nikolay Kryuchkov as Ustin Mikhailovich Rykalin
Yevgeni Lebedev as Agafon Dubtsov
Oleg Basilashvili as Cossack
Gennadi Nilov as episode
Nikolai Kryukov as Tit Borodin
References
External links
1959 films
1950s Russian-language films
Soviet drama films
1959 drama films
Lenfilm films
Films set in the 1930s
Films based on Russian novels
Euchrysops brunneus , the brown blue , is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae . It is found in southern Ethiopia , Somalia , central and western Kenya and eastern Uganda . The habitat consists of savanna .
References
Butterflies described in 1923
Euchrysops
Pasang is a two-player abstract strategy board game from Brunei . The game is often referred to as Pasang Emas which is actually a software implementation of the traditional board game . The object of this game is to acquire the most points by capturing black and white tokens on the board . Black tokens are worth 1 point , and white tokens are worth 2 points . The board is initially laid out with all 120 black and white tokens in one of over 30 traditional patterns . Players choose a piece called a `` ka '' which is used to capture the tokens on the board . Each player 's `` ka '' moves around the board capturing as many tokens as possible . As a note , the `` kas '' are the only mobile pieces in the game . The other pieces are stationary , and are captured by the `` kas '' . Players must capture token ( s ) during their turn , or lose the game . When all tokens have been captured from the board , the player with the most points is the winner . However , if there are any tokens left on the board , and none can be captured on a player 's turn , then that player loses the game , and the other player is the winner .
The game is divided into three phases each with its own rules of capture . All three capturing methods are perhaps unique to Pasang . In the first phase , each player must choose a column of tokens to capture on their side of the board . The empty column left on the board is called a `` passage '' . For the second phase , each player chooses a `` ka '' from among the tokens next to the passage , or tokens one column away from the passage whichever method both players agree upon . The `` ka '' then enters the passage and captures any odd number of tokens of the same color that it forms a line with from any orthogonal direction . From there on ( third phase ) , each player 's `` ka '' moves any number of vacant spaces in an orthogonal direction provided it can capture an odd number of tokens of the same color . However , the `` ka '' at this phase of the game captures tokens differently . If the `` ka '' is moving vertically ( up and down ) , it can only capture tokens in a horizontal direction that it forms a line with . Likewise , if the `` ka '' moves horizontally ( left and right ) , then it can only capture tokens in a vertical direction that it forms a line with .
The game is unrelated to any other board game . It is perhaps remotely related to Fanorona . Its resemblance to Fanorona is that several pieces are captured in a particular line , and the pieces cover most of the board in the beginning . There is also a rule in the second and third phase , that an odd number of pieces must be captured reminiscent of the capturing rule in Rimau .
Stewart Culin in his book `` Chess and Playing Cards : Catalogue of Games and Implements for Divination '' ( 1898 ) describes a Malaysian game called Chuki ( on pages 871-873 ) whose board resembles that of Pasang 's . The board ( called papan chuki ) is described as a square board of ten squares in length on both sides which makes for a grid of 11 in length on both sides ( an 11 x 11 square grid which equates to 121 intersection points ) when the pieces are played on the intersection points instead , and this is depicted on Figure 175 on page 871 where the game pieces ( all 120 of them ) are situated on the intersection points and not within the squares . Only one intersection point is not occupied by a game piece , and that is the central point of the board which is occupied by a small raised square ( called a `` tempat mangkok '' which translates to `` place of bowl '' ) much like that of Pasang . Moreover , there are 60 white pieces and 60 black pieces in Chuki similarly as in Pasang . Due to the bowl ( represented by a relatively large white circle ) occupying the central point , the four orthogonal line segments next to the central point are omitted from the board on Figure 175 ; and on Figure 174 which depicts a table game board version of Chuki , the square bowl blocks the central point and the four line segments next to it . Therefore , both figures of Chuki show that the central point of the board and the four line segments next to it are not playable just like in Pasang . But Chuki 's rules as described by Culin appears to be a different game from Pasang as it uses three dices which are thrown into the bowl , and the game pieces of the thrower are removed from the board according to the result of the cast . In Pasang there are no dices used , and the cup or bowl has no function in the game as it is used only to store the game pieces . But other descriptions of Chuki which were written as footnotes by other writers on page 872 , describe a game called Chuke or Juki as a game resembling draughts , and this was from an 1852 Malay and English dictionary ( pages 39 , 62 ) by Crawford . An earlier account in 1835 describes Chuki or Tjoeki as resembling checkers with 120 small squares with 60 black and 60 white pieces ( 1835 , Roorda van Eysinga , Algemeen Javaansch en Nederduitsch woordenboek , p . 662. ) . There are other footnotes saying that Tjuki resembles draughts played with white and black beans .
Goal
When all the pieces on the board have been captured , the player that has acquired the most points is the winner . However , if there are any pieces left on the board , then the player who could not perform their last turn is the loser , and the other player is the winner .
Equipment
The board is an 11 x 11 square grid ( or a 10 x 10 square board ) with pieces played on the intersection points . A 2 x 2 empty square is made in the middle of the board . To be more specific , the middle point of the board is removed along with the four segments connected to it . Also , four diagonal lines from the four corners of the board connect to the four corners of the 2 x 2 empty square . The diagonal lines have no structural relevance to the game , they are just an aid in setting up the pieces on the board in one of over thirty possible patterns . In this article , only two patterns are described . There is a total of 120 intersection points for the pieces to be played upon .
Each player has 60 pieces . One plays the black pieces , and the other plays the white pieces , however any two colors will suffice . The game pieces are traditionally stored in a cup or bowl ( called a `` gadong '' ) which sits on the central point of the board .
Game play and rules
1 . In the beginning , the board is laid out with all 120 pieces on the 120 intersection points in one of two patterns . Players must agree on which pattern to lay out the pieces on the board . Please see the first link below under the External Links section for a better visual description of the two possible patterns .
The first pattern is described as the following : Let w = white piece , b = black piece , _ = empty ( only found on the sixth row )
a ) First row ( or Top row ) : ; b ) Second row : ; c ) Third row : ; d ) Fourth row : ; e ) Fifth row : ; f ) Sixth row : ; g ) Seventh row : ; h ) Eighth row : ; i ) Ninth row : ; j ) Tenth row : ; k ) Eleventh row :
The second pattern is described as the following : Let w = white piece , b = black piece , _ = empty ( only found on the sixth row )
a ) First row ( or Top row ) : ; b ) Second row : ; c ) Third row : ; d ) Fourth row : ; e ) Fifth row : ; f ) Sixth row : ; g ) Seventh row : ; h ) Eighth row : ; i ) Ninth row : ; j ) Tenth row : ; k ) Eleventh row :
2 . Once the pattern is agreed upon , and the pieces are laid out on the board accordingly , players then decide who will start first .
3 . Players alternate their turns throughout the game . Only one move per turn , and each move is a capture .
4 . Each black piece captured is worth 1 point , and each white piece captured is worth 2 points .
First Phase :
5 . For their first move , each player must choose a 5 piece column to capture on their respective half of the board . The first player captures first , and has eleven possible columns to choose from their side . The captured column of pieces is removed from the board , and kept by the first player to be scored . Captured pieces are never brought back into the game . This is the first capture for the first player . The empty column left on the board is called a `` passage '' .
6 . The second player then chooses their 5 piece column to capture , but is dependent upon which quadrant the first player had chosen their 5 piece column : a ) If the first player had chosen a five piece column on the lower left quadrant of the board , then the second player must choose a five piece column on the diagonally opposite quadrant of the board , and in this case it is the upper right quadrant ; b ) similarly if , on the other hand , the first player had chosen a five piece column on the lower right quadrant of the board , then the second player must choose a five piece column on the upper left quadrant of the board ; c ) if , however , the first player had chosen the five piece column in the middle of the board , then the second player can choose from any column on their half of the board with the exception of their middle column . The second player captures the column , and removes the pieces from the board which are kept by him or her to be scored .
Second Phase :
7 . Each player must now choose a `` ka '' . A `` ka '' is one piece that will be used throughout the rest of the game by the player to capture pieces on the board . No other piece is used by the player . The chosen `` ka '' can be of any color . Although the `` ka '' will either be black or white , the `` ka '' must be viewed as a non-colored piece . This concept is important with regards to capturing pieces as will be further described .
8 . There are two ways to choose a `` ka '' . Players must agree on which method the `` ka '' is to be chosen . One method ( called the `` sliding play '' ) is to choose a piece from a 5 piece column adjacent to the passage the player had created . A second method ( called the `` jumping play '' ) is to choose a piece from a 5 piece column that is one column removed from the passage ( i.e . there is at least one column between it and the passage ) .
9 . If the sliding play is chosen , the `` ka '' then slides horizontally ( one space ) into the passage , and captures piece ( s ) from that intersection point that it moved to in the passage . The possible pieces that the `` ka '' can capture are those that are in the same row nearest to the `` ka '' , or in the same column nearest to the `` ka '' . Captured piece ( s ) must belong in a row , or in a column , but not both ; moreover , the piece ( s ) captured must be of the same color ( i.e . monochrome - either white or black , but not both ) , and there must be an odd number of pieces ( e.g . 1 , 3 , 5 , etc . ) excluding the `` ka '' . Remember , the `` ka '' no longer represents any color , and is essentially a non-colored piece . The `` ka '' and the odd number of monochrome pieces must form a line in a row or column uninterrupted by the other colored piece ( s ) or by the other player 's `` ka '' . The `` ka '' and the monochrome piece ( s ) can be separated from each other with empty spaces ; furthermore , the `` ka '' can be in any position in this line with the monochrome pieces .
If more than one capturing line is formed , then the player must choose one and only one to capture .
A special note to mention are those two orthogonal lines ( one horizontal and one vertical ) that run down the center of the board and are interrupted by the empty 2 x 2 square in the middle of the board . Those two lines are not continuous through the empty 2 x 2 square . Therefore , a `` ka '' can not form a capturing line with pieces on the other side of the empty 2 x 2 square in either of those two orthogonal lines .
10 . If the jumping play is chosen , the `` ka '' jumps horizontally over the column next to the passage , and lands in the passage . From here on , game play and rules are the same as described in # 9 .
Note that # 7 , # 8 , # 9 , and # 10 described the second move by each player .
Third Phase :
11 . After the second move , each player may move its `` ka '' orthogonally any number of unoccupied spaces as long it can capture . Remember , every move must be a capturing move . However , the capturing method for the rest of the game is slightly different . A `` ka '' that moves horizontally ( in a row ) can only capture vertically ( pieces on a column ) , and vice versa , a `` ka '' that moves vertically ( in a column ) can only capture horizontally ( pieces on a row ) . Therefore , a `` ka '' that moves horizontally must land on a space that it can capture vertically , and vice versa , a `` ka '' that moves vertically must land on a space that it can capture horizontally . It is only in the second move that a `` ka '' can move into a space and capture in either the horizontal or vertical direction .
12 . If all the pieces on the board are captured , then the player with the most points wins the game . The point totals for each player is the score for that game . However , if the game can no longer progress because one player can no longer perform a capturing move ( a situation called a `` suntuk '' ) , then that player is the loser , and the other player is the winner . The point total for this game is 120 - 0 in favor of the winner .
Related games
Fanorona
References
External links
https : //web.archive.org/web/20140911001933/http : //www.nexmoo.com/pasang-game - Pasang game now available in smart phones and tablets ( Android , Windows , iPhone/iPad and includes Bluetooth options ) .
http : //homepages.di.fc.ul.pt/~jpn/gv/pasangemas.htm
http : //pasang-emas.sourceforge.net/
Abstract strategy games
Traditional board games
Bruneian culture
Hanna Hertsyk ( died around 1752 ) , was a Ukrainian Hetmana by marriage to Pylyp Orlyk , Hetman of Ukraine ( r. 1708-1742 ) . She is known for her support of her spouse in the fight for an independent Ukraine during the Great Northern War and took responsibility for his affairs during his diplomatic missions in Europe . She joined him in exile and lived in Sweden in 1709–21 , during which she corresponded with several rulers in Europe to support her husband 's cause . She was the daughter of Pavlo Semenovych Hertsyk .
Biography
Hanna Hertsyk was born to a noble Kozak starshyna family with Jewish roots . She was the daughter of Pavlo Hertsyk , a Poltavan colonel and General Osavul , and his wife Iryna Yablons ` ka .
In 1698 , she married Pylyp Orlyk , the chancellor ( писар , lit . scribe ) for the Poltava regiment . This marriage contributed to Orlyk 's career : through marriage , Hanna brought him villages in the Starodub , Chernihiv and Poltava regions , which allowed him to become a wealthy magnate .
She supported the political views of her husband about separation from the Tsardom of Muscovy . Following the turning of Mazepa against Peter I in 1708 and the defeat of the Swedes and Ukrainians at the Battle of Poltava in 1709 , the Orlyks , along with Mazepa and the Zaporozian starshyna , were forced to emigrate . In exile her husband was elected Hetman after the death of Mazepa . Anna had already given birth to three sons by 1711 , one of whom was the godson of the Swedish king Charles XII ( Yakiv ) , and the other - Ivan Mazepa ( Hryhor ) .
During their exile , it was Hanna who assumed most of the responsibility for the children ( their family by now numbered seven ) while Pylyp traveled all over Europe in search of international support for the liberation of Ukraine and the unification of its two parts . Hanna was a bedrock for the Hetman in the Ottoman Empire , Sweden , and Germany .
Hanna gave birth to her daughter Maria on the Swedish island of Rügen . Hanna stayed with her family in Kristianstad for a long time . On 11 October 1720 the Orlyks left Sweden . Hanna first traveled to Hannover , then to Wrocław , where she and her children hid in a monastery from Muscovite spies . In 1721 , her son Yakiv suddenly died . For a while she lived with her daughters , Varvara and Maria , in Stanislaviv .
She , along with her son Hryhor , was in correspondence with the various German princes , Polish magnates and the Kings of Sweden , trying to help in the affairs of her husband . In 1747 , Swedish King Frederick I gave her a small pension . It is unknown when or where she died .
Family
Husband : Pylyp Orlyk ( 1672-1742 ) . Eight children ;
Nastya or Anastasiya-Teodora ( 1699-1728 ) , the wife of the Swedish Count Johan Steinflicht
Maria-Hanna or Maryna or Mariann ( 1710 , according to other data : 1715 - after 1750 )
Catherine ( 1718-1719 )
Hryhor-Petro ( 1702-1759 ) , Lieutenant-General of the Royal Army of France
Mykhailo ( ? - around 1722 )
Yakiv ( 1709-1721 ; according to other data from 1711 to 1722 )
Varvara ( 1712 - after 1750 )
Marta ( 1713- ? , According to other data of 1714- ? ) , The wife of Dzierzhanovsky
References
Bibliography
Білоусько О. А. , Мокляк В. О. Нова історія Полтавщини . Друга половина XVI — друга половина XVIII століття . — С . 206 .
Борщак І. Великий мазепинець Григор Орлик . Генерал-поручник Людовика XV ( 1742—1759 ) . — Ню-Йорк : Восьмий курінь УПС ім Григора Орлика , 1972 . — 1972 . — 222 с .
Сергій Павленко . Оточення гетьмана Мазепи : соратники та прибічники . — Київ : Вид . дім « КМ Академія » , 2008 . — 602 с . — .
Білоусько О. А. , Мокляк В. О. Нова історія Полтавщини . Друга половина XVI — друга половина XVIII століття . — С . 206 .
Further reading
Pylyp Orlyk and Hanna Hertsyk ( in Ukrainian ) .
300th anniversary of the Constitution of Pylyp Orlyk ( in Ukrainian ) .
1752 deaths
18th-century Ukrainian people
People from the Cossack Hetmanate
People of the Great Northern War
18th-century Jews
The 1998–1999 campaign was the 93rd season in Atlético Madrid 's history and their 64th season in La Liga , the top division of Spanish football .
Season summary
Arrigo Sacchi was sacked in February with Atlético in the UEFA Cup quarter-finals but also mired in the bottom half of the table . B-team manager Carlos Sánchez Aguiar took charge for the next month , guiding Atlético to the UEFA Cup semi-finals , before handing the reins to Radomir Antić . Antić had guided the club to the title three years previously , but ultimately the high point of his second spell in charge would be reaching the Copa del Rey final , only to be thrashed 3-0 by Valencia . The league form under Antić continued to be mediocre and Atlético were also knocked out of the UEFA Cup in the semi-finals for the second season running , by eventual champions Parma . Although Atlético qualified for the UEFA Cup due to their domestic cup run , this season would prove to be the beginning of the end for Atlético 's status as one of Spain 's top clubs for most of the next decade ; it would be five more years until Atlético recorded their next top-half finish , and another three before their return to European competition .
First-team squad
Squad at end of season
Left club during season
Competitions
La Liga
League table
Matches
Copa del Rey
Eightfinals
Quarterfinals
Semifinals
Final
UEFA Cup
First round
Atlético Madrid won 3–0 on aggregate .
Second round
Atlético Madrid won 5–2 on aggregate .
Third round
Atlético Madrid won 5–3 on aggregate .
Quarter-finals
Atlético Madrid won 4–2 on aggregate .
Semi-finals
Parma won 5–2 on aggregate .
References
1998-99
Spanish football clubs 1998–99 season
Sean Clark is a video game designer , director and programmer who worked on a number of notable LucasArts adventure games from early 1990 through to 2022
Game development history
Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade : The Graphic Adventure ( 1989 )
Loom ( 1990 )
The Secret of Monkey Island ( 1990 )
Indiana Jones and the Fate of Atlantis ( 1992 )
Sam & Max Hit the Road ( 1993 )
The Dig ( 1995 )
Big Sky Trooper ( 1996 )
Escape from Monkey Island ( 2000 )
Full Throttle II : Hell on Wheels ( 2002 ; unreleased )
External links
Living people
Lucasfilm people
Video game designers
Video game directors
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Lynda Ferrell Delph ( born 1957 ) is a Distinguished Professor of Biology and member of the Evolution , Ecology , and Behavior Program at Indiana University - Bloomington .
Delph began her education at the University of Arizona , where she completed her undergraduate education in 1979 and masters in 1983 . In 1988 , she completed her Ph.D. from the University of Canterbury , which was followed by a post doctoral fellowship at Rutgers University .
After she completed her fellowship , Delph began her career at Indiana University as an assistant professor in 1990 , becoming a full professor in 2002 and a distinguished professor in 2017 . In addition to her faculty appointments , she served as a senior fellow of the Indiana Molecular Biology Institute and Executive Director of Science Outreach for the Indiana University College of Arts and Sciences . Delph has also served as an officer in scientific societies in her field , acting as secretary of the Society for the Study of Evolution , Vice President of the American Society of Naturalists , and Council Member and later President of the American Genetic Association . In 2021 she was President of the Society for the Study of Evolution . During the 2022-23 academic year she is a Fellow at the Wissenshaftskolleg zu Berlin ( Institute for Advanced Study ) .
Dr. Delph 's research has focused on evolutionary , ecological , and genetic aspects of plant reproduction . Her focus has been on understanding selective forces acting in natural populations and how adaptation is slowed or prevented by genetic constraints . She also pursues research in sexual dimorphism in flowering plants and how it is affected by genetic correlations .
Awards
Fulbright Fellow , 1983-1984 , 1997
Outstanding Junior Faculty Award , 1994-1995
Senior Class Award for Teaching Excellence in Biology , 1995
Teaching Excellence Recognition Award , 2000
Trustees ' Teaching Award , 2005
Guggenheim Fellowship , 2005
Fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science , 2010
Member , American Academy of Arts & Sciences , 2022
References
1957 births
Living people
University of Arizona alumni
Indiana University Bloomington staff
Indira Canteen is a food subsidisation programme run by the Ministry of Food , Civil Supplies and Consumer affairs , Government of Karnataka in Inspired from the Amma Unavagam of Tamilnadu . It is named after Indira Gandhi , the first and only female Prime Minister of India .
Structure
The canteens serving food in civic wards of districts and taluka places of Karnataka . The canteen serves breakfast , lunch , and dinners . Aimed at aiding economically disadvantaged sections of society at a subsidized price .
Food items
Idlis and coconut chutney along with variety rice of the day will be served in breakfast , for lunch and dinner , rice , sambar , curd rice , tomato bath , and a few other items will be served .
References
Restaurants in Bangalore
Culture of Bangalore
2017 establishments in Karnataka
David Griffiths ( 20 December 1792 – 21 March 1863 ) , was a Welsh Christian missionary and translator in Madagascar . He translated the Bible and other books into the Malagasy language . The Malagasy Bible of 1835 was among the first Bibles to be printed in an African language .
Life and work
David Griffiths was born on 20 December 1792 at Cwmhirbryd cottage and reared at nearby Glanmeilwch , Llangadog , Carmarthenshire , in south Wales . He was the son of William Griffith David and his wife Elizabeth . He became a member of the neighbouring Jerusalem Congregational church at Gwynfe in 1810 and soon after began to preach . He conducted a school of his own at Cwmaman in 1811–12 . He entered the college at Neuaddlwyd 1812 .
He married Mary Griffiths in May 1820 . In June 1820 , he was sent to Madagascar by the London Missionary Society , as colleague of the Reverend David Jones , who had gone out two years previously . On 27 July he was ordained at Gwynfe and on 25 October sailed with his wife from London . They reached Mauritius on 23 January 1821 and soon afterwards proceeded to Madagascar . Griffiths and Jones founded the first Protestant mission in Madagascar . They preached twice every Sunday and established day and night schools , his wife teaching the girls . In 1824 , the schools in the capital numbered 300 scholars , and there were 32 other schools within the country , all of which he visited weekly . Griffiths and Jones , with King Radama I devised a Roman-letter alphabet for Malagasy ; in 1827 a printing press was obtained , and the following year a catechism , a hymnal , and some schoolbooks were published in Malagasy , and the printing of the Gospel of St. Luke was begun .
In 1828 King Radama I of Madagascar , who had been a friend of the Christian missionaries , died at age 36 . A period of confusion followed , and the mission 's work was for a time interrupted . In 1830 night-schools , however , were opened for the lowest classes , and the work of the mission generally was continued with success . In 1831 , the New Testament was published in Malagasy , and a large part of the Old Testament ; the first Bible to be published in an African language . But in the same year the mission experienced many new difficulties . Although the Queen of Madagascar , Ranavalona I , was favourable to the work , her ministers were opposed to it , and the missionaries were ordered to leave . But this order was cancelled , and from 1832 to 1835 the mission was continued successfully .
In 1835 , however , a fierce anti-Christian persecution arose , and the missionaries decided to leave . Griffiths preached his last sermon in the chapel on 22 February , and left the island in September 1835 , reaching Britain in February 1836 . At the end of two years he received an intimation from Ranavalona that he might return as a merchant but not as a missionary . He did so in May 1838 . Persecution still raged throughout the island , and Griffiths was charged with having helped some Malagasy Christians to leave the country and was sentenced to death , a sentence afterwards commuted to payment of a fine . Griffiths ' Persecuted Christians of Madagascar was published in London in 1841 . Whilst in Madagascar , Griffiths also travelled to the Comoros Islands , where he met Queen Jumbe-Souli who ruled the independent island of Moheli .
He returned to Britain in 1842 and settled as pastor of the congregational church at Hay-on-Wye , Brecknockshire , where he wrote Hanes Madagascar ( ) . While at Hay-on-Wye , he formed a new congregation over the English border , at Kington , Herefordshire . About 1850 , some hopes being raised of renewing the mission in Madagascar , the London Missionary Society asked Griffiths and Joseph John Freeman , the only surviving Madagascar missionaries , to revise the Malagasy translation of the Bible . Freeman died in 1851 , and the whole work devolved upon Griffiths , who spent some five years on it . In 1854 , he wrote a Malagasy grammar . Griffiths also wrote some catechisms , a hymn-book , and nine or ten original treatises . He also revised many works already translated , e.g . the 'Pilgrim 's Progress , ' the 'Whole Bible , ' and dictionaries . In 1858 he moved to Machynlleth , where he busied himself in preparing for the press a grammar and other works in Malagasy .
Death and legacy
He died on 21 March 1863 at Machynlleth , where he was buried .
He had eight children by his wife , who died at Swansea on 15 July 1883 , aged 93 . One of his daughters , Margaret Jane ( 1830-1873 ) , married the missionary and translator Griffith John ( 1831-1912 ) , and worked with him in China at Hankow ( Wuhan ) with much travel in China until her death at Singapore on 24 March 1873 when both were returning to China after furlough in the United Kingdom to recover their health .
Further reading
D. Griffiths , The persecuted Christians of Madagascar ... 1838 to 1840 ... ( 1841 )
D. Griffiths , Hanes Madagaskar ( 1842 )
D. Griffiths , A Grammar of Malagasy ( 1854 )
J. Sibree , The Madagascar mission ( 1907 )
B. Gow , Madagascar and the Protestant impact ... 1819-95 ( 1979 )
R. M. Jones , 'Griffiths , David ( 1792-1863 ) ' , in Oxford Dictionary of National Biography
G. Campbell , David Griffiths and the Missionary 'History of Madagascar ' ( 2012 )
The archives of the London Missionary Society relating to Madagascar are conserved at the School of Oriental and African Studies in the University of London .
References
Gwyn Campbell , David Griffiths and the Missionary “ History of Madagascar. ” Brill , 2012 .
1792 births
1863 deaths
People from Carmarthenshire
19th-century Welsh clergy
19th-century Welsh writers
19th-century Welsh educators
Welsh educators
Welsh Congregationalist missionaries
Congregationalist missionaries in Madagascar
Bible translators
Translators of the Bible into Malagasy
British expatriates in Madagascar
19th-century translators
Malagasy-language writers
Missionary linguists
Bang Khanun ( , ) is one of the nine subdistricts ( tambon ) of Bang Kruai District , in Nonthaburi Province , Thailand . Neighbouring subdistricts are ( from north clockwise ) Bang Krang , Bang Si Thong , Wat Chalo , Maha Sawat and Bang Khun Kong . In 2020 it had a total population of 6,603 people .
Administration
Central administration
The subdistrict is subdivided into 5 administrative villages ( muban ) .
Local administration
The whole area of the subdistrict is covered by Bang Khanun Subdistrict Administrative Organization ( ) .
References
External links
Website of Bang Khanun Subdistrict Administrative Organization
Tambon of Nonthaburi province
Populated places in Nonthaburi province
Ruth Domgörgen ( born 11 July 1962 in Bonn ) is a West German sprint canoer who competed in the late 1980s . She finished fifth in the K-4 500 m event at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul .
References
Sports-reference.com profile
1962 births
Sportspeople from Bonn
Canoeists at the 1988 Summer Olympics
West German female canoeists
Living people
Olympic canoeists of West Germany
Michael Katz ( ) is an Israeli chef and food writer . He is a former teacher at the Le Cordon Bleu institute and has opened his own restaurant in Israel . Before leaving in the fall of 2021 , Katz was the head teacher of the professional gourmet chefs course at the Art Dan Gourmet culinary school based in Tel Aviv .
Biography
Katz was born and raised in Jerusalem , the son of Joseph Katz , a professor of theoretical physics at the Rakeach Institute of the Hebrew University of Jerusalem , and Ruth Yardeni-Katz , a writer and educator .
Following his military service , he traveled to study cooking in Brussels . For a period of five years , he studied and worked in restaurants that were rated with either two or three Michelen stars , including `` L'Ecailler du Palais Royal '' , “ La Villa Laorraine ” , “ Chez Bruno ” , and “ La Bergerie ” .
Career
Katz returned to Israel after working abroad , where he opened his own restaurant `` Michael Andrew '' in Jerusalem , together with the restaurateur Andrew Jacobs from London ( one of the founders of the chain restaurant “ Giraffe ” which is centered in London ) . The restaurant was closed in 2001 as a result of the second Intifada . Katz moved to London , where for two years , he served as the head chef of “ Ruddland Stubbes ” and “ The Brasserie ” .
In 2004 , Katz began teaching at the London branch of the cooking school “ Le Cordon Bleu ” where he taught as a full-time teacher for three years . At the time , he was the only chef from Israel to have taught there .
After living in Mexico for 3 years , he returned to Israel in 2009 and was appointed executive head chef of the Adom restaurant group .
From October 2013 , he has served as the head chef of the Trattoria Haba restaurant , whose concept he personally developed with the Jerusalem-based Haba family . Until October 2021 , Katz was the director of a course aimed at professional chefs at the Dan Gourmet Culinary Studies . He left to proceed other endeavors .
Writing
Haaretz newspaper has a column on food that Katz writes for , discussing the breakthrough technologies in the food world .
References
Living people
Israeli chefs
Year of birth missing ( living people )
As of 2021 , the discography of American Industrial metal band Ministry , which was founded and is fronted by Al Jourgensen , consists of fifteen studio albums , eight live albums , fourteen compilation and remix albums , thirty singles , five video albums ( including video versions of live albums ) and twenty music videos . Several tracks spanning from 1981 to 1994 in studio , live and cover formats have remained unreleased by the band .
Formed in 1981 , the band made their recording debut with the single `` I 'm Falling / Cold Life '' , released by Wax Trax ! Records in the US and Situation Two in the UK , respectively . Signing a short-lived contract with Arista Records , the band released their debut studio album , With Sympathy , which hit the upper 90s in the Billboard 200 , in May 1983 . Following a departure from Arista , Ministry returned on Wax Trax ! , where several singles—including the club hit `` ( Every Day Is ) Halloween '' —were released in 1984–1985 . After signing a deal with Sire Records in 1985 , the band released the single “ Over the Shoulder ” , which was followed by the album Twitch in March 1986 ; co-produced by Jourgensen and Adrian Sherwood , Twitch hit No . 194 in the Billboard 200 and was regarded by profile commentators as a turning point in Ministry ' artistic style .
In 1988-89 , Ministry releases The Land of Rape and Honey and The Mind Is a Terrible Thing to Taste . Both positively received by music press , these two albums hit the upper 160s in the Billboard 200 , and were certified gold by RIAA . During the tour in support of The Mind Is a Terrible Thing to Taste , the band recorded their debut live album , In Case You Did n't Feel Like Showing Up , released in 1990 .
Albums
Studio albums
Live albums
Compilation and remix albums
Singles
Unreleased tracks
Boxed sets
Box ( 1993 )
Just Another Fix ( 1995 )
3 for One Box ( 2000 )
Original Album Series ( 2011 )
Trax Box ! ( 2015 )
Videos
Full length videos
In Case You Did n't Feel Like Showing Up ( 1990 )
Tapes of Wrath ( 2000 )
Sphinctour ( 2002 )
Adios ... Puta Madres ( 2009 )
Music videos
Other appearances
Tribute albums
An Industrial Tribute to Ministry
Wish You Were Queer : A Tribute to Ministry
Another Prick In the Wall : A Tribute to Ministry - Volume 2
Devilswork : Tribute to Ministry
References
Notes
Citations
Further reading
Heavy metal group discographies
Discographies of American artists
Discography
Margaretha Everdine Caroline de Fouw ( born 12 May 1966 ) is a Dutch former cricketer who played as a right-arm off break bowler . She appeared in one Test match , 35 One Day Internationals and 6 Twenty20 Internationals for the Netherlands between 1991 and 2018 . Her tally of 26 ODI wickets has only been surpassed by Carolien Salomons and Sandra Kottman for the Netherlands .
Born in The Hague , de Fouw played club cricket for KZKC ( Klein Zwitserland de Krekels Combinatie ) . Her Dutch national team debut came in the 1986 Women 's Quadrangular Tournament in Ireland , where she played against Ireland and Denmark . De Fouw made her ODI debut aged 25 , at the 1991 European Championship , which was being held in the Netherlands for the first time .
Aged 42 at the time of her last ODI , de Fouw is the oldest woman to appear in an ODI for the Netherlands , and her ODI career span of almost 17 years has only been surpassed by fourteen women worldwide .
In April 2008 , de Fouw served as a coach for the ICC European Women 's Academy in La Manga Club , Spain . She later gained a Level-3 coaching diploma from the England and Wales Cricket Board ( ECB ) , and has worked in various development roles with the Koninklijke Nederlandse Cricket Bond ( KNCB ) , the governing body for Dutch cricket .
In June 2018 , she returned to international cricket for the first time since 2008 , playing for the Netherlands at the 2018 ICC Women 's World Twenty20 Qualifier tournament . She was at the time the oldest woman from any country to appear in a Twenty20 International .
References
External links
1966 births
Living people
de Fouw
Dutch women cricketers
Netherlands women One Day International cricketers
Netherlands women Test cricketers
Netherlands women Twenty20 International cricketers
Dutch cricket coaches
Ashley Renaldo Nurse ( born 22 December 1988 ) is a West Indian cricketer who plays first-class , List A and Twenty20 cricket for Barbados . He is a right-arm off-break bowler and a right-handed batsman .
International career
Nurse made his Twenty20 International debut for West Indies against Pakistan on April 21 , 2011 , where he bowled four overs without picking up any wickets and conceded 33 runs . In his second appearance , against India , he had more impressive figures of 4-0-23-0 .
An economical bowler , Nurse made his One Day International ( ODI ) debut in the second match of the tri-series , against Sri Lanka .
Domestic career
In July 2017 , he was named Regional Limited-Overs Cricketer of the Year by the West Indies Players ' Association .
In October 2018 , Cricket West Indies ( CWI ) awarded him a white-ball contract for the 2018–19 season . In April 2019 , he was named in the West Indies ' squad for the 2019 Cricket World Cup . In October 2019 , he was selected to play for Barbados in the 2019–20 Regional Super50 tournament . He was the leading wicket-taker for Barbados in the tournament , with 19 dismissals in nine matches .
In July 2020 , he was named in the Barbados Tridents squad for the 2020 Caribbean Premier League .
References
External links
1988 births
Living people
West Indies One Day International cricketers
West Indies Twenty20 International cricketers
Barbados cricketers
Barbados Royals cricketers
Barbadian cricketers
Cricketers at the 2019 Cricket World Cup
Chirapsina is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae .
Species
Chirapsina hemixantha ( Meyrick , 1918 )
Chirapsina expleta ( Meyrick , 1923 )
See also
List of Tortricidae genera
References
Archipini
HMS Nubian was a Royal Navy . She was launched in 1909 and torpedoed in 1916 . With her bow blown off , the wreck was used to create a new ship by joining the bow of another destroyer of the same class , . The resulting ship was given the portmanteau name . She went on to sink the U-boat in 1918 and was scrapped in 1919 .
Commissioning
Nubian was launched on 20 April 1909 , her keel plate having been laid down on 18 May 1908 at the Thornycroft yard in Woolston , Southampton . The ship was commissioned for service in the First Destroyer Flotilla by Commander Colin McKenzie at Sheerness on 3 September 1909 . Powered by oil-fired steam turbines producing a total of around , she replaced a in the flotilla . Steam trials had taken place at the mouth of the Thames in June of that year .
A long , four-funnelled , triple-screwed ship with a beam of , Nubian displaced slightly under 1,000 tons and had a crew of 70 . She could sail at and had a pair of BL guns , one mounted at the fore and one aft , as well as two torpedo tubes .
Movements
The First Destroyer Flotilla was based at Harwich with the purpose of defending Britain 's east coast . It was planned to include 12 ocean-going destroyers capable of 33 knots . Within a month of commissioning , Nubian had taken part in exercises at the Cromarty Firth with ships including , and .
The flotilla was present at a gathering of the Royal Navy fleet near to Penzance in July 1910 and in September that year Nubian had her annual refit at Chatham Dockyard . In March 1911 , she and other members of the flotilla moved from Harwich to Portland , while the Second Destroyer Flotilla moved away from there to Plymouth . She was at Kirkwall in May 1911 and took part in the huge naval review at Spithead in June .
Nubian had a refit and basin trials of her machinery at Chatham in May 1912 before joining the Fourth Destroyer Flotilla at Portland for exercises in the English Channel . Together with fellow Fourth Destroyer Flotilla Tribal-class ships and Zulu , and the cruiser from the Second Squadron , Nubian sailed up the Manchester Ship Canal on 24 May that year to take part in a Whitsuntide display at the city . Most sources say that a smaller ship , Hope , was in attendance but some say that it was the battleship . Mooring at Trafford Wharf , members of the public were allowed to board the ships over three days . The visit coincided with Empire Day and generated much excitement , with 80,000 people visiting the docks on a single day and an estimated 100,000 being turned away due to overcrowding .
Another refit took place at Chatham in September 1912 and it returned there in December . A visit to Sheerness with the Fourth Destroyer Flotilla followed prior to the group returning to its Portland base in January 1913 . Nubian had come top of its class in the 1912 battle practice ( long range firing under war conditions ) , scoring 102 points .
Some of the flotilla , including Nubian , visited Bantry Bay and Queenstown in February 1913 during exercises . They returned to Sheerness and then to Chatham in March . The ship took part in further exercises later that year , at Fortrose and at Longhope , Orkney , before returning to Portland . In November , she acted as a tow for kites being used as targets in anti-aircraft gun tests at Needles Battery on the Isle of Wight , where her speed was remarked on . The Admiralty reported that she was among the top placed ships of that year 's battle practice .
By February 1914 , Nubian and seven other Tribal-class destroyers were part of the Third Destroyer Flotilla but none were so for long . In May 1914 , Nubian became a tender for the gunnery establishment .
Nubian was among the ships that successfully hunted the German submarine in March 1915 , although the fatal blows were delivered by Ghurka and . A month later , it was reported that she had been among many ships that participated in a bombardment of German positions on the coast of Belgium during October–November 1914 .
Torpedoing and reconstruction
During the Battle of Dover Strait , on the night of 26–27 October 1916 off Folkestone Nubians bow was almost severed by a German torpedo that exploded almost under her bridge . She was taken in tow but the tow-ropes severed in the bad weather conditions and she ran aground on the South Foreland , near Dover . The bow then parted completely on a chalk reef and the remainder of the ship was driven under a cliff . Two of the crew of Nubian died and a further thirteen were missing , believed killed .
Nubian was eventually refloated when a cutting was blasted through the rocks . Another Tribal-class destroyer , Zulu , had her stern blown off by a naval mine near Dunkirk on 8 November 1916 and was towed to Calais . Both wrecks were towed to Chatham Dockyard and Zulus bow was joined to the midsection and stern of Nubian . The resulting destroyer was given the portmanteau name Zubian . This ship served until the end of the war , sinking the mine-laying U-boat on 4 February 1918 off the coast of Essex .
Fate
Zubian was broken up at Sunderland in 1919 .
Notes
Citations
Bibliography
Tribal-class destroyers ( 1905 )
Ships built in Southampton
1909 ships
World War I destroyers of the United Kingdom
Maritime incidents in 1916
Ships built by John I. Thornycroft & Company
| }
The November Handicap is a flat handicap horse race in Great Britain open to horses aged three years or older . It is run at Doncaster over a distance of 1 mile 3 furlongs and 197 yards ( 2,393 metres ) , and it is scheduled to take place each year in early November .
History
The event was originally held at the New Barns , Manchester , where it was called the Manchester November Handicap . It was established in 1876 , and was initially run over 1 mile and 4 furlongs before contested over 1 mile and 6 furlongs in 1880 . It was cut to its present length in 1902 when the race was re-located to the Castle Irwell course .
The race was staged at Pontefract from 1942 to 1945 . It returned to Manchester in 1946 , and continued there until the venue closed in 1963 .
The event was transferred to Doncaster in 1964 , and from this point it was known as the Manchester Handicap . For a period it took place in October , on the same day as the Observer Gold Cup . It was rescheduled for November and given its current title in 1976 .
The November Handicap is now run on the last day of Britain 's turf flat racing season .
Records
Most successful horse :
no horse has won this race more than once
Leading jockey ( 3 wins ) :
Steve Donoghue – Ultimus ( 1911 ) , Old Orkney ( 1927 ) , Saracen ( 1928 )
Billy Nevett – Newton Ford ( 1936 ) , Beinn Dearg ( 1940 ) , Good Taste ( 1951 )
Joe Mercer – Paul Jones ( 1958 ) , Misty Light ( 1971 ) , Bold Rex ( 1985 )
Willie Carson – King Top ( 1972 ) , Azzaam ( 1990 ) , Hieroglyphic ( 1991 )
Leading trainer ( 6 wins ) :
John Gosden – Hieroglyphic ( 1991 ) , Turgenev ( 1992 ) , Sabadilla ( 1997 ) , Charm School ( 2009 ) , Zuider Zee ( 2011 ) , Royal Line ( 2018 )
Winners since 1980
Weights given in stones and pounds .
Earlier winners
1876 : Polonaise
1877 : Hopbloom
1878 : Belphoebe
1879 : Mars
1880 : Madame du Barry
1881 : Gladstone
1882 : Boswell
1883 : Corrie Roy
1884 : Keir
1885 : Raffaello
1886 : Stourhead
1887 : Carlton
1888 : Claymore
1889 : Fallow Chat
1890 : Parlington
1891 : Lily of Lumley
1892 : Paddy
1893 : Golden Drop
1894 : Ravensbury
1895 : Ivor
1896 : Telescope
1897 : Asterie
1898 : Chaleureux
1899 : Proclamation
1900 : Lexicon
1901 : Carabine
1902 : St Maclou
1903 : Switch Cap
1904 : no race
1905 : Ferment
1906 : Spate
1907 : Baltinglass
1908 : Old China
1909 : Admiral Togo III
1910 : The Valet
1911 : Ultimus
1912 : Wagstaff
1913 : Dalmatian
1914 : Wardha
1915–16 : no race
1917 : Planet
1918 : no race
1919 : King John
1920 : Pomme de Terre
1921 : Blue Dun
1922 : Torelore
1923 : no race
1924 : Cloudbank
1925–26 : no race
1927 : Old Orkney
1928 : Saracen
1929 : Promptitude
1930 : Glorious Devon
1931 : North Drift
1932 : Hypostyle
1933 : Jean 's Dream
1934 : Pip Emma
1935 : Free Fare
1936 : Newton Ford
1937 : Solitaire
1938 : Pappageno
1939 : Tutor
1940 : Beinn Dearg
1941 : Crown Colony
1942 : Golden Boy
1943 : Mad Carew
1944 : Kerry Piper
1945 : Oatflake
1946 : Las Vegas
1947 : Regret
1948 : Sports Master
1949 : Fidonia
1950 : Coltbridge
1951 : Good Taste
1952 : Summer Rain
1953 : Torch Singer
1954 : no race
1955 : Tearaway
1956 : Trentham Boy
1957 : Chief Barker
1958 : Paul Jones
1959 : Operatic Society
1960 : Dalnamein
1961 : Henry 's Choice
1962 : Damredub
1963 : Best Song
1964 : Osier
1965 : Concealdem
1966 : Polish Warrior
1967 : Bugle Boy
1968 : Zardia
1969 : Tintagel II
1970 : Saraceno
1971 : Misty Light
1972 : King Top
1973 : Only for Jo
1974 : Gritti Palace
1975 : Mr Bigmore
1976 : Gale Bridge
1977 : Sailcloth
1978 : Eastern Spring
1979 : Morse Code
See also
Horse racing in Great Britain
List of British flat horse races
Recurring sporting events established in 1876 – this race is included under its original title , Manchester November Handicap .
References
Paris-Turf :
, ,
Racing Post
, , , , , , , , ,
, , , , , , , , ,
, , , , , , , , ,
, ,
galopp-sieger.de – November Handicap ( ex Manchester November Handicap ) .
pedigreequery.com – November Handicap – Doncaster .
Flat races in Great Britain
Doncaster Racecourse
Open middle distance horse races
1876 establishments in England
USS Washington was a lateen-rigged , two-masted galley in the service of the Continental Congress during the American Revolutionary War . Washington was capable of propulsion by sail or by the rowing of oarsmen . During a battle with British warships , Washington `` struck her colors '' and was captured by the British .
Built on Lake Champlain
The third ship to be named Washington , a lateen-rigged , two-masted galley , was built on Lake Champlain at Skenesboro , New York , in the autumn of 1776 . On 6 October 1776 , the galley joined the small fleet established and commanded by Brigadier General Benedict Arnold .
Design
Washington was long , wide with a draft of and a displacement of .
She was armed with two 18-pounder long guns , two 12-pounder long guns , two 9-pounder guns , four 6-pounder guns , one 2-pounder gun , and eight swivel guns . Trumbull had a crew of 80 men .
Service history
Battle of Valcour Island
Washington , commanded by Brigadier General David Waterbury , Arnold 's second in command—was among Arnold 's ships that anchored in the lee of Valcour Island to await the expected English move .
When that lakeward push began , Capt . Thomas Pringle , of the Royal Navy , led a 25-ship fleet past Valcour Island on 11 October . Pringle sighted the American fleet after he had passed it and attacked from leeward . In the ensuing action , Washington suffered the heaviest damage of any ship in Arnold 's fleet ; Waterbury , her commander , subsequently reported that she was
Arnold regrouped his shattered fleet and slipped past the British on 12 October with muffled oars , the Americans slipping noiselessly past Pringle 's fleet in a desperate attempt at escape . However , after a long chase , the British caught the retreating Continental force the following day , on 13 October , at Split Rock near Crown Point .
After the battle
Arnold managed to beach and destroy four of the galleys and his own flagship , , while most of the remaining ships escaped upriver . Only Washington , at the rear of the van , was captured by the enemy ; she struck her colors , as Arnold reported later , `` ... after receiving a few broadsides . ''
Final disposition
Washington was eventually taken into British service , apparently retaining her name , and was re-rigged as a brig . Her subsequent fate , however , is unrecorded .
Citations
Bibliography
Online resources
Further reading
External links
Ships built in New York ( state )
Ships of the Continental Navy
Row galleys of the Continental Navy
1776 ships
Lake Champlain
Ships named for Founding Fathers of the United States
Kabud Gonbad ( , also Romanized as Kabūd Gonbad ) is a village in Jamalabad Rural District , Sharifabad District , Pakdasht County , Tehran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 738 , in 168 families .
References
Populated places in Pakdasht County
Roberto Sabatino Lopez ( October 8 , 1910 – July 6 , 1986 ) was an Italian-born American historian of medieval European economic history . He taught for many years at Yale University as a Sterling Professor of History .
Early life and education
Roberto Sabatino Lopez was born in Genoa , Italy . His family were Sephardi Jews . He received a doctorate from the University of Milan in 1932 and taught medieval history at various universities , serving at one point as Chair of History at the University of Genoa . Lopez fled Benito Mussolini 's regime for England in 1939 , where he came under the influence of Cecil Roth . Robert L. Reynolds , a friend of Lopez , informed him that an American Ph.D was necessary to find tenure at an American university , and through the influence of Reynolds , Lopez enrolled in the graduate history program at the University of Wisconsin-Madison . Here he gained a Ph.D in 1942 .
Early work in the United States
From 1942 to 1944 Lopez worked for Voice of America and in the Italian section of the Office of War Information in New York City . There he met his future wife , Claude-Anne Kirschen , a wartime refugee from Belgium who had come to New York with her family in 1940 . He afterward maintained that his successful courtship of her was his supreme wartime accomplishment .
Marriage and family
Lopez married Claude-Anne Kirschen , a Jewish refugee from Belgium , in 1946 . They had two sons , Michael and Lawrence , after moving to New Haven , Connecticut . The children were raised in the Jewish faith .
Resumption of academic career
In 1946 , Lopez was hired as an assistant professor at Yale University . He rose through the academic ranks to full professor . He was honored by selection as a Sterling Professor of History , a recognition of his academic contributions . Lopez was one of the first Jews appointed at Yale University .
At Yale , in 1962 Lopez founded the interdisciplinary graduate program in Medieval Studies , and served as its chairman for many years . Originally a master 's program , it awarded doctorates by 1965 . When founded , it was the third such medieval studies program in the United States .
Lopez trained a number of distinguished medieval scholars , among them David Herlihy , Edward M. Peters , and Patrick J. Geary . Lopez retired from the Yale faculty in 1981 after 35 years at the university .
Lopez 's main contributions to the field were in the history of trade and commerce in the medieval Mediterranean . He was particularly interested in showing the dynamism and creativity of medieval towns and economic networks . Other scholars had frequently compared them unfavorably to those of the Renaissance and early modern period .
In his best-known book , The Commercial Revolution of the Middle Ages ( 1971 , with numerous reprints ) , Lopez argued that the key contribution of the medieval period to European history was the creation of a commercial economy . He said it was first based in the Italo-Byzantine eastern Mediterranean , but eventually extended to the Italian city-states and through the rest of Europe . Lopez noted that it was the Renaissance period that was characterized by economic decline . Lopez 's scholarship was underpinned by his expert knowledge of medieval agriculture , industry and especially coinage .
At the end of his career , Lopez maintained close ties to Israeli academia . He was affiliated with the Israel Institute for Advanced Studies and the Hebrew University of Jerusalem , and his advice was sought on the tenure cases of Israeli medievalists . Lopez was a notable adviser of Walter Goffart .
Lopez died from cancer in 1986 . His library and papers were acquired by Arizona State University .
Books
Medieval Trade in the Mediterranean World ( edited with Irving W. Raymond ) ( 1955 ; 2nd ed . 1969 )
The Tenth Century : How Dark the Dark Ages ? ( 1959 )
The Birth of Europe ( 1966 )
The Three Ages of the Italian Renaissance ( 1970 )
The Commercial Revolution of the Middle Ages ( 1971 )
Byzantium and the World around It : Economic and Institutional Relations ( 1978 )
The Shape of Medieval Monetary History ( 1986 )
Notes
Sources
Further reading
Harry A. Miskimin , David Herlihy and A.L . Udovitch ( eds ) . The Medieval City : Studies in Honor of Robert S. Lopez . Yale University Press , 1977 .
Archibald R. Lewis , Jaroslav Pelikan and David Herlihy . `` Robert Sabatino Lopez '' . Speculum 63:3 ( 1988 ) : 763-65 .
External links
Robert S. Lopez ( 1979 ) . `` The Birth of Medieval Banking ''
Survey of Lopez 's career and scholarship ( at Arizona State )
Robert Sabatino Lopez Papers ( MS 1459 ) . Manuscripts and Archives , Yale University Library .
1910 births
1986 deaths
20th-century Italian historians
20th-century American historians
American male non-fiction writers
20th-century Sephardi Jews
Economic historians
Italian emigrants to the United States
20th-century Italian Jews
Jewish emigrants from Nazi Germany to the United States
Jewish American historians
Writers from Genoa
University of Milan alumni
University of Wisconsin–Madison College of Letters and Science alumni
Yale University faculty
Yale Sterling Professors
Fellows of the Medieval Academy of America
People of the United States Office of War Information
Italian Sephardi Jews
20th-century American male writers
Raúl Alfredo Maradona , also known as Lalo Maradona ( born 29 November 1966 ) is an Argentine former professional footballer who played as a striker .
Career
Maradona played in Argentina for Boca Juniors , in Spain for Granada , and in Peru for Deportivo Municipal ; he also played in Japan and Canada and Venezuela . In 1993 , he went to North America to sign with Fort Lauderdale Strikers of the American Professional Soccer League . In 1995 , he signed with Toronto Italia of the Canadian National Soccer League . The following season his team won the regular season championship , and reached the CNSL Championship final where the club faced St. Catharines Wolves , and won the series 11–0 on aggregate . After the conclusion of the CNSL season he signed with the Toronto Shooting Stars of the National Professional Soccer League , where he appeared in 27 matches and recorded 12 goals . Following the conclusion of the indoor season Maradona returned to the CNSL and signed with North York Talons .
In 1998 he joined Peruvian side for Deportivo Municipal , where he was greeted as a star but only played a few games . He subsequently played in the Canadian Professional Soccer League with Toronto Olympians .
Personal life
Maradona is the brother of fellow players Diego ( 1960–2020 ) and Hugo ( 1969–2021 ) . Their father Diego Maradona ( known as `` Chitoro '' ; 1927–2015 ) , who worked at a chemicals factory , was of Guaraní ( Indigenous ) and Spanish ( Basque ) descent , and their mother Dalma Salvadora Franco ( known as `` Doña Tota '' ; 1930–2011 ) , was of Italian descent .
References
Sources
El hermano malo , double edition : Lalo y Hugo Maradona
La historia de `` Lalo '' Maradona
1966 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Lanús
Argentine footballers
Boca Juniors footballers
Granada CF footballers
Deportivo Municipal footballers
Association football forwards
Deportivo Laferrere footballers
Deportivo Italia players
Avispa Fukuoka players
Toronto Italia players
Toronto ( Mississauga ) Olympians players
Canadian National Soccer League players
Fort Lauderdale Strikers ( 1988–1994 ) players
Toronto Shooting Stars players
North York Astros players
Buffalo Blizzard players
American Professional Soccer League players
National Professional Soccer League ( 1984–2001 ) players
Canadian Professional Soccer League ( 1998–2005 ) players
Argentine people of Guaraní descent
Argentine people of Italian descent
Argentine people of Basque descent
Maradona family
Argentine expatriate footballers
Argentine expatriates in Spain
Expatriate footballers in Spain
Argentine expatriates in Japan
Expatriate footballers in Japan
Argentine expatriates in the United States
Expatriate soccer players in the United States
Argentine expatriates in Canada
Expatriate soccer players in Canada
Argentine expatriates in Peru
Expatriate footballers in Peru
Argentine expatriates in Venezuela
Expatriate footballers in Venezuela
Marché de La Viande is a market in Nouakchott , Mauritania . It is located just to the southwest of Mosque Ould Abas .
References
Retail markets in Mauritania
Nouakchott
Jakob Emanuel Lange ( 2 April 1864 – 27 December 1941 ) , was a Danish mycologist who studied the systematics of gilled mushrooms .
His best-known work is Flora Agaricina Danica , a five-volume plate work on the Agaricales of Denmark . He was also a dedicated Georgist land reformer .
He was the father of Morten Lange ( 1919–2003 ) , mycologist , professor at the University of Copenhagen and member of the Folketing .
Notes
1864 births
1941 deaths
Danish mycologists
Georgists
Clarence Linberg Miller ( 30 March 1934 – 16 August 2018 ) , better known as Count Prince Miller , was a Jamaican-born British actor and musician .
Biography
Miller began as a musician , recording a number of reggae songs . His best known song is `` Mule Train Parts One & Two '' , which was a hit on Trojan Records in 1971 , before being re-recorded with Sly and Robbie in the early 1980s . Adding elements of music hall performance to his reggae style , Miller drew comparison with Judge Dread for his somewhat bawdy music . He also regularly appeared with Jimmy James . Known as something of a showman Miller was picked to compare the 1969 Wembley Reggae Festival , the first major reggae music event in Britain .
Acting
As an actor Miller 's credits include the role of Vince in the Channel 4 sitcom Desmond 's , initially an occasional role until the last series , when he became a regular . The character was a member of the fictional group the Georgetown Dreamers , in which Miller was joined by fellow musicians Ram John Holder and Sol Raye , as well as the show 's star Norman Beaton . Miller 's role continued in the spin-off series , Porkpie .
Earlier , in 1962 , Miller appeared as a nightclub dancer in the 1962 James Bond film , Dr. No .
Miller went on to make an appearance in the 2003 film What a Girl Wants , while he secured Best Male Actor Award at the 2006 Black Film Makers ' International Awards Ceremony for his role in Winnie and the Duppy Bat . Additionally , Miller played a small role in the 2017 film , Kingsman : The Golden Circle , as 'Elderly Patient 2 ' .
Miller also appeared in plays , two of which were written by J. D. Douglas ( Black Heroes and JA Story ) . He was praised for his portrayal of Marcus Garvey in the former .
Honours
In 2007 , Miller was made a Commander of the Order of Distinction for his contributions to the music industry in Jamaica .
References
External links
Programme for 1969 Wembley Reggae Festival including profile of Miller
1934 births
2018 deaths
Jamaican male television actors
Jamaican expatriates in the United Kingdom
Jamaican reggae musicians
Commanders of the Order of Distinction
People from Saint Mary Parish , Jamaica
20th-century Jamaican male actors
21st-century Jamaican male actors
Love of Will is the debut album by David McComb , released in March 1994 . The album was recorded and mixed between June and August 1993 , at Platinum Studios with additional mixing at Metropolis and Sing Sing Studios . McComb selected 13 songs out of a pile of 35 and recorded them at Platinum Studios , Melbourne with producer Nick Mainsbridge , together with freelance musical directors Graham Lee and David McComb , and assistant engineers Kalju Tonuma and Phil Jones .
Videos were made for the singles from the album , `` Setting You Free '' and `` Clear Out My Mind '' .
Details
The album was being planned for a period of four and a half years , with McComb waiting for all the members of the band , who also played with Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds and The Blackeyed Susans , to be available to tour before releasing the album . He also said , `` I wanted to be certain that every song was right . I 'm not obsessed with longevity , but a song has to last a few years . There 's no point doing something that 'll only last a few months . The criterion is for the songs to be as powerful as they can be . ''
Triffids drummer Alsy MacDonald said , `` I think those songs were specifically designed to be recorded not by the Triffids . And Dave was less worried about atmospherics — it 's a rootsier album . '' `` Evil '' Graham Lee added , `` the songs that the Triffids could have done , we would n't have played like that . It 's a straightforward band record . ''
Reception
Reviewed in Rolling Stone Australia at the time of release , it was given a rating of three and a half from a possible five . McComb 's first solo release is described as , `` worth hanging around for . '' The review states the best moments , `` are in its quieter gospel-inflected songs , such as the beautiful , textured , `` Leaning '' . '' Producer Nick Mainsbridge is said to have , `` eschewed even the pretence of studio trickery . ''
Juice gave the album the same rating , but said the album , `` often sounds amateurish . There has always been a sense with McComb that he is a non-musician who has somehow managed to make decent music . '' It concluded that the album would please , `` critics and Triffids fans . ''
Track listing
All tracks written by David McComb unless otherwise noted .
`` Clear Out My Mind '' - 3:57
`` Setting You Free '' - 4:04
`` Day of My Ascension '' - 3:24
`` Deep in a Dream '' - 5:42
`` Nothing Good '' ( David McComb , Will Akers ) - 4:19
`` The Lord Burns Every Clue '' ( David McComb , Will Akers ) - 2:35
`` Lifelike '' - 4:12
`` Lover Sister # 1 '' ( David McComb , Graham Lee ) - 3:40
`` Heard You Had a Bed '' - 4:25
`` Inside of Me '' - 4:26
`` Leaning '' ( David McComb , Will Akers ) - 4:52
`` I Want To Conquer You '' ( David McComb , Adam Peters ) - 6:01
`` Pack Up Your Troubles '' - 3:35
Personnel
David McComb - lead vocals , guitar , keyboards
Martyn P. Casey - bass
Peter Luscombe - drums , percussion
Bruce Haymes - piano , organ
'Evil ' Graham Lee - guitar , vocals , pedal steel , lap steel
Daniel Denholm - Fairlight programming and string arrangements .
Warren Lee Ellis - violin
Barry Palmer - guitar
Phil Kakulas - double bass
Rob McComb - whistling
Lisa Miller - backing vocals
Joanne Alach - backing vocals
Rob Snarski - backing vocals
References
1994 debut albums
David McComb albums
Olaf Sergiusz Linde-Lubaszenko ( born 6 December 1968 ) is a Polish actor and film director .
He was born in Wrocław , the son of Edward Linde-Lubaszenko , who is an actor of German and Swedish descent and Asja Łamtiugina , a Russian actress .
Olaf Lubaszenko starred in films by Krzysztof Kieślowski , Barbara Sass , Władysław Pasikowski , Janusz Majewski , Juliusz Machulski and others .
In 2001 , he became a member of the European Film Academy .
Selected filmography
Actor
1987 : Łuk Erosa - Adam Karowski
1988 : Sonata marymoncka - Rysiek Lewandowski
1988 : Trójkąt bermudzki - Poker Player ( uncredited )
1988 : Tabu - Stefek
1988 : Bez grzechu - Jarek Kalita
1988 : A Short Film About Love - Tomek
1990 : Pilkarski poker - Olek Grom
1989 : Czarny wawóz - Ludwik Machl
1990 : Marcowe migdały - Tomek
1990 : Korczak - Tramwajarz
1990 : Historia niemoralna - Marek
1990 : Po upadku - Piotr Ratajczak , son
1991 : Kroll - Marcin Kroll
1992 : Odjazd - Priest
1992 : Pigs - Young
1993 : Pamietnik znaleziony w garbie
1993 : Schindler 's List - Auschwitz Guard # 1
1994 : Les Amoureux - Tomek
1995 : Gnoje - Gasior
1996 : Słodko gorzki - Mat 's Brother
1996 : Wirus
1996 : Poznań '56 - Soldier
1997 : Sztos - Mietek
1997 : Kiler - Actor at Airport
1997 : Zona przychodzi noca
1998 : Demons of War - Lt. Czacki
1998 : Sekal Has to Die - Jura Baran
1999 : A Szerencse lányai - Janek
1999 : Operacja Samum - Stanislaw Kosinski
1999 : Moja Angelika - Kulik
1999 : Kilerów 2-óch - Himself
2000 : Zakochani - Prawnik
2000 : Operacja Koza - Adam Horn
2000 : Pierwszy milion - Priest
2000 : Egoiści - Sad
2000 : Bajland - Józef Horoszko
2001 : Edges of the Lord - Gniecio
2001 : Stacja - Commissioner Zawadzki
2002 : Tam i z powrotem - Lt. Niewczas
2002 : Rób swoje , ryzyko jest twoje - Emil Baks
2002 : E=mc2 - Max Kadzielski
2002 : Bez litosci - Olbrycht
2003 : Magiczna Gwiazda - Hubert ( voice )
2009 : Złoty środek - Keyboarder
2009 : Mniejsze zło - Civilian
2011 : Weekend - Czeski
2012 : Sztos 2 - Mietek
2016 : Bóg w Krakowie - Homeless
2017 : Gwiazdy - Czechoslovakian customs officer
2018 : Women of Mafia - Commander
Director
1997 : Sztos
2000 : Chłopaki nie płaczą
2001 : Poranek Kojota
2002 : E=mc2
2009 : Złoty środek
2012 : Sztos 2
Polish dubbing
2003 : Finding Nemo - Gill
2004 : Les Dalton ( Les Dalton ) - Lucky Luke
2007 : Lissi und der wilde Kaiser - Yeti
2008 : Beverly Hills Chihuahuas - Delgado
2013 : Wreck-It Ralph - Wreck-It Ralph
2011 : Beverly Hills Chihuahua - Delgado
2014 : Guardians of the Galaxy - Denarian Saal
2016 : Finding Dory - Gill
2018 : Ralph Breaks the Internet - Wreck-It Ralph
References
External links
Olaf Lubaszenko Encyklopedia WIEM
1968 births
Actors from Wrocław
Living people
Polish male film actors
Polish male television actors
Polish male voice actors
Polish film directors
Polish people of German descent
Polish people of Swedish descent
Polish people of Russian descent
Czech Lion Awards winners
Artists from Białystok
Alan J. Turcotte is a New Hampshire politician .
Career
On November 6 , 2012 , Turcotte was elected to the New Hampshire House of Representatives where he represents the Merrimack 22 district . Turcotte assumed office on December 5 , 2012 . Turcotte is a Democrat .
Personal life
Turcotte resides in Allenstown , New Hampshire .
References
Living people
New Hampshire Democrats
People from Merrimack County , New Hampshire
Members of the New Hampshire House of Representatives
21st-century American politicians
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Backbooth is a live acoustic album by American post-grunge band Seven Mary Three . It was released on February 9 , 2010 , on Settle Up .
Track listing
`` Untitled '' – 3:30
`` Last Kiss '' – 4:01
`` Oceans of Envy '' – 3:31
`` Wait '' – 3:07
`` Laughing Out Loud '' – 3:30
`` Dreaming Against Me '' – 3:07
`` Home Stretch '' – 3:28
`` Dead Days In the Kitchen '' – 3:40
`` She Wants Results '' – 4:21
`` Flagship Eleanor '' – 2:49
`` Upside Down '' – 4:22
`` Hammer & a Stone '' – 4:43
`` Each Little Mystery '' – 3:13
`` Southwestern State '' – 5:50
`` Lucky '' – 4:12
`` That 's How Strong My Love Is '' – 3:05
`` Walk With the Devil '' – 4:40
Album credits
Jason Ross – lead vocals , rhythm guitar
Thomas Juliano – lead guitar , backing vocals
Casey Daniel – bass
Mike Levesque – drums
Aaron Lee Tasjan - keyboards
Steven Foxbury - backing vocals
References
2010 albums
Seven Mary Three albums
Araqiyeh ( , also Romanized as ‘ Arāqīyeh ) is a village in Farmahin Rural District , in the Central District of Farahan County , Markazi Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 30 , in 12 families .
References
Populated places in Farahan County
Kidane Mehret Cathedral ( , Our Lady of Perpetual Help Cathedral ) is a Catholic church located on Adi Quala Street , Asmara , Eritrea . The cathedral belongs to Eritrean Catholic Archeparchy of Asmara .
Kidane Mehret
Kidane Mehret ( ኪዳነ ምሕረት ) is a Ge'ez phrase meaning Covenant of Mercy . It refers to the Ethiopic tradition that Jesus promised his mother that he would forgive the sins of those who sought her intercession . Archdiocesan website stated that Kidane Mehret also can be translated as Our Lady of Perpetual Help .
The feast of Our Lady of the Covenant of Mercy is celebrated on 16 Yekatit ( Ethiopian calendar ) , corresponding at present to 24 February ( Gregorian calendar ) except in leap years , when it corresponds to 25 February , since in the Ethiopian calendar the extra day is inserted in what for the Gregorian calendar is the preceding month of September .
History
In the centre of the capital of Italian Eritrea the Latin Church Catholics had what was known as the `` Asmara Catholic Cathedral '' ( the Church of Our Lady of the Rosary , Asmara ) as their principal church , which was completed in 1923 . In the northwestern corner of the city , a place of worship was granted to the Alexandrian Rite Catholic community , who preceded the arrival of the Italians . In 1930 , they were given their own ordinariate , independent of the Apostolic Vicariate of Eritrea .
Father Kidanè-Maryam Cassà , who since 1926 had been their pro-vicar within the Vicariate , was appointed their ordinary and on 3 August 1930 was ordained titular bishop of Thibaris in the chapel of the Pontifical Ethiopian College in Vatican City . At that time they numbered less than 3 % of the population of Eritrea .
The first building on the site was a small church constructed with the `` monkey-head '' technique , as used also in the ancient church of Kidane Mehret , with which this Catholic church is not to be confused : `` The supporting walls incorporate wooden beams that protrude from the exterior of the walls ; they look like rows of monkey scalps . `` .
Father Kidane-Maryam Cassa obtained from the Italian colonial governor the initial improvement of the small church in the late 1930s .
When on 31 October 1951 the Alexandrian-Rite community were given the rank of an Apostolic Exarchate and a cathedral had to be assigned to it , this building was given the rights and privileges of a cathedral but , being too small to be given that title , it was referred to as the pro-cathedral .
A building more worthy of being called the cathedral was completed in 1969 . It is of much greater size and is noted for its strikingly large dome .
Present day
With the suppression on 21 December 1995 of the Apostolic Vicariate of Eritrea , Kidane Mehret became the only Catholic church in Asmara that has a right to the title of cathedral . However , what had been the principal church of the Apostolic Vicariate ( the `` Church of Our Lady of the Rosary '' ) is still in Asmara commonly called `` the Cathedral '' .
See also
Kidane Mehret Church , Jerusalem
References
Cathedrals in Asmara
Eritrean Catholic cathedrals
Eastern Catholic cathedrals in Eritrea
Samuel Plouhinec ( born 5 March 1976 ) is a French former road bicycle racer . He won stage 4 of the 2005 Tour de l'Ain .
Major results
1996
1st Road race , National Under-23 Road Championships
2nd Paris–Tours Espoirs
2000
1st Stage 2 Ronde de l'Oise
2nd Paris–Troyes
10th Overall Tour de l'Ain
1st Stage 2
2002
1st Grand Prix Cristal Energie
10th Classic Loire Atlantique
2003
1st Grand Prix Cristal Energie
1st Mountains classification , Tour du Limousin
2005
2nd GP de Villers-Cotterêts
3rd Overall Tour de l'Ain
1st Stage 4
6th Polynormande
9th Overall Tour du Limousin
2006
9th Overall Route du Sud
2007
7th Grand Prix Cristal Energie
8th Polymultipliée Lyonnaise
2008
1st Trio Normand ( with Nicolas Edet & Benoît Jarrier )
2nd Grand Prix des Marbriers
4th Grand Prix Cristal Energie
2009
1st Road race , National Amateur Road Championships
1st Stage 3 Boucles de la Mayenne
4th Overall Les 3 Jours de Vaucluse
2011
2nd Overall Boucle de l'Artois
10th Overall Boucles de la Mayenne
2014
1st Stage 3 Tour du Jura
2015
UCI Masters Road World Championships ( 35-39 )
1st Road race
3rd Time trial
2017
UCI Masters Road World Championships ( 40-44 )
1st Road race
1st Time trial
2nd Overall Boucle de l'Artois
Tour de France Participations
2006 - DNF
External links
1976 births
Living people
French people of Breton descent
French male cyclists
Sportspeople from Le Mans
Cyclists from Pays de la Loire
Till & McCulloch are James Till and Ernest McCulloch who , while studying the effect of radiation on the bone marrow of mice at the Ontario Cancer Institute , in Toronto , demonstrated the existence of multipotent stem cells in 1961 .
Collaboration
Till & McCulloch first published their findings of the discovery of stem cells in the journal Radiation Research . In later work , joined by graduate student Andy Becker , they cemented their stem cell theory and published the results in the journal Nature in 1963 .
Till & McCulloch then expanded their research activities and mentored other young scientists , some notable . Scientists that were under the direct supervision of Till or McCulloch were members of their research group , or were co-authors of papers , including the following :
Louis Siminovitch
Tak Mak
Alan Bernstein
Connie Eaves
Victor Ling
Both Till & McCulloch continued their research .
Till 's focus shifted increasingly towards the evaluation of cancer therapies and quality of life issues in the 1980s . He has positions in organizations including the Stem Cell Network , Project Open Source , Canadian Breast Cancer Foundation , and others . Among them , Till is :
University Professor Emeritus at the University of Toronto
Editorial member of the open access journal Journal of Medical Internet Research
Founding Board member of the Canadian Stem Cell Foundation
McCulloch 's later research had an emphasis on cellular and molecular mechanisms affecting the growth of malignant blast stem cells from the blood of patients with acute myeloblastic leukemia . McCulloch died on January 20 , 2011 , shortly before the 50th anniversary of the publication of the 1961 paper in Radiation Research .
Recognition
Till & McCulloch have received many awards for their collaborative and ground-breaking research . Together , James Till and Ernest McCulloch were :
Awarded the Gairdner Award in 1969
Recognized with the Albert Lasker Award for Basic Medical Research in 2005
Inducted into the Canadian Medical Hall of Fame in 2004
Their scientific work has also earned them many individual awards including :
James Till
1993 , awarded Robert L. Noble Prize by the Canadian Cancer Society
1994 , made an Officer of the Order of Canada
2000 , made a Fellow of the Royal Society of London
2004 , inducted into the Canadian Medical Hall of Fame
2005 , awarded the Albert Lasker Award for Basic Medical Research along with Ernest McCulloch
2006 , made a member of the Order of Ontario
Ernest McCulloch
1974 , made a Fellow of the Royal Society of Canada
1988 , made an Officer of the Order of Canada
1999 , made a Fellow of the Royal Society of London
2004 , inducted into the Canadian Medical Hall of Fame
2005 , awarded the Albert Lasker Award for Basic Medical Research along with Jim Till
2006 , made a member of Order of Ontario
References
External links
Albert Lasker Basic Medical Research Award
Biography of Dr. Ernest McCulloch on the Canadian Medical Hall of Fame
Biography of Dr. James Edgar Till on the Canadian Medical Hall of Fame
Dr. James Till - Dr. Ernest McCulloch Canadian Medical Hall of Fame Laureate 2004
Bone marrow
1961 in Ontario
11 o'clock number is a theatre term for a big , show-stopping song that occurs late in the second act of a two-act musical , in which a major character , often the protagonist , comes to an important realization . Examples include `` So Long Dearie '' from Hello , Dolly ! , `` Rose 's Turn '' from Gypsy , and `` Work the Wound '' from Passing Strange . It was so named because in the days when musical performances would start at 8:30 p.m. , this song would occur around 11:00 p.m .
Among the theatre community , there is some debate as to the characteristics of an 11 o'clock number . It often signifies a moment of revelation or change in heart of a lead character , although there are exceptions to this . The 11 o'clock number is also differentiated from the finale in that it is not the final number in the show , but even this is not considered a requirement by some commenters . Broadway producer Jack Viertel defines an 11 o'clock number as `` a final star turn '' .
Other notable 11 o'clock numbers include `` Sit Down , You 're Rockin ' the Boat '' from Guys and Dolls , `` Memory '' from Cats , `` Brotherhood of Man '' from How to Succeed in Business Without Really Trying , “ For Good ” from Wicked , `` Gim me Gim me '' from Thoroughly Modern Millie , `` Another National Anthem '' from Assassins , `` The American Dream '' from Miss Saigon , `` Goodbye '' from Catch Me If You Can , `` Revolting Children '' from Matilda The Musical , `` I 'm Here '' from The Color Purple , and `` Always Starting Over '' from If/Then .
References
Theatre
Howard Murray Boogher ( January 2 , 1876 – March , 1933 ) was a college football player , attorney , and once president of the Boogher , Force & Goodbar Hat Company . Boogher was captain of the Southern Intercollegiate Athletic Association champion 1897 Vanderbilt Commodores football team . He and Phil Connell dove to recover the ball after the victory in the school 's rivalry game with Sewanee in 1897 .
References
External links
1876 births
1933 deaths
Players of American football from St. Louis
Vanderbilt Commodores football players
19th-century players of American football
American football ends
Stefan Maierhofer ( born 16 August 1982 ) is an Austrian professional footballer who plays as a striker . Currently a free agent , he last played for Würzburger Kickers . Between 2008 and 2011 , he made 19 appearances for the Austria national team , scoring one goal .
Maierhofer failed to make the grade with German giants Bayern Munich , making just two first team appearances . After spells with second division teams TuS Koblenz and Greuther Fürth he returned to his homeland with Rapid Wien . He enjoyed the best goalscoring form of his career here , which earned him a move to English Premier League club Wolverhampton Wanderers in 2009 , where he made just ten appearances before returning to Austria .
Club career
Maierhofer was initially trained as a restaurant specialist/cook . The tall striker joined Bayern Munich 's reserve team from Austrian side SV Langenrohr in July 2005 , and signed a professional contract with the club one year later , eventually making two Bundesliga appearances as a late substitute , during 2006–07 . In two seasons with Bayern Munich 's reserve team , he scored 21 goals in 42 Regionalliga appearances and was the team 's top goalscorer in both seasons .
In January 2007 , Maierhofer moved to 2 . Bundesliga side TuS Koblenz until the end of the season , scoring three goals in 14 league appearances . In July 2007 , he signed a two-year contract with another team in the division , SpVgg Greuther Fürth , but the club sent him on a six-month loan to Austrian Bundesliga 's Rapid Wien in January 2008 .
He helped Rapid win the 2008 Bundesliga title , after scoring seven goals in 11 league matches for the club , including braces in a 2–0 derby win over Austria Wien and a 7–0 away win against the club 's main title rivals Red Bull Salzburg . Consequently , Rapid decided to make the deal permanent and signed Maierhofer on a three-year contract .
The 2008–09 season saw his best goalscoring return as he struck 27 goals , including two in Champions League qualifiers , helping the club end the league campaign as runners-up .
He signed for newly promoted Premier League side Wolverhampton Wanderers in a three-year deal for an undisclosed fee – reportedly an initial £1.8m – on 31 August 2009 . He scored on his debut in a 3–1 defeat at Blackburn Rovers . He suffered a hernia injury which put him out of action for several months , and upon regaining fitness was no longer in contention at Wolves . He was instead sent on a one-month loan to Championship club Bristol City in March 2010 , but failed to make an impact .
During summer 2010 , he was told he was no longer part of Wolves manager Mick McCarthy 's plans and was instead loaned to 2 . Bundesliga club MSV Duisburg on a season-long loan for the 2010–11 campaign . He scored 12 goals during the season , including a goal in a DFB Cup semi final to take the Zebras to the final where they lost to Schalke .
On 23 August 2011 , Maierhofer returned to Austria when he signed for Red Bull Salzburg in a two-year deal . After a year and a half in Salzburg , Maierhofer returned to Germany , signing for 1 . FC Köln in January 2013 , but left in the summer . On 14 March 2014 , Maierhofer joined Championship side Millwall on a short-term deal until the end of the 2013–14 season .
On 19 November 2014 , he signed a short-term deal with SC Wiener Neustadt of the Austrian Bundesliga for the rest of 2014 . He was part of the starting XI against Wolfsberger AC three days later and scored the first goal in a 2–0 home win .
On 12 February 2016 , he signed half-year contract with option to buy with FK AS Trenčín .
International career
Maierhofer 's good performances during his initial loan spell at Rapid Wien secured him his first call-up to the Austrian national team in April 2008 , when he was named to the country 's preliminary squad for the UEFA Euro 2008 finals . However , he would not make the final cut .
On 20 August 2008 , he eventually made his international debut , in a 2–2 friendly against Italy , in Nice . He scored his first international goal when he scored inside the first minute against the Faroe Islands on 5 September 2009 .
Career statistics
Honours
Club
FC Bayern Munich II
IFA Shield : 2005
Rapid Wien
Austrian Bundesliga : 2007–08
Red Bull Salzburg
Austrian Bundesliga : 2011–12
AS Trenčín
Slovak Super Liga : 2015–16
Slovak Cup : 2015–16
References
External links
1982 births
Living people
People from Wien-Umgebung District
Austrian footballers
Austria international footballers
Bundesliga players
Austrian Football Bundesliga players
Austrian Regionalliga players
Premier League players
English Football League players
2 . Bundesliga players
Regionalliga players
Slovak Super Liga players
Swiss Challenge League players
First Vienna FC players
FC Bayern Munich II players
FC Bayern Munich footballers
TuS Koblenz players
SpVgg Greuther Fürth players
SK Rapid Wien players
Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C . players
Bristol City F.C . players
MSV Duisburg players
FC Red Bull Salzburg players
Millwall F.C . players
SC Wiener Neustadt players
AS Trenčín players
FC Aarau players
SV Mattersburg players
FC Admira Wacker Mödling players
Würzburger Kickers players
Austrian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in England
Expatriate footballers in Germany
Expatriate footballers in Slovakia
Expatriate footballers in Switzerland
Austrian expatriate sportspeople in Slovakia
Austrian expatriate sportspeople in England
Austrian expatriate sportspeople in Germany
Association football forwards
Footballers from Lower Austria
Hansa und Brandenburgische Flugzeugwerke ( more usually just Hansa-Brandenburg ) was a German aircraft manufacturing company that operated during World War I . It was created in May 1914 by the purchase of Brandenburgische Flugzeugwerke by Camillo Castiglioni , who relocated the factory from Liebau to Brandenburg an der Havel . Brandenburg 's chief designer , Ernst Heinkel was retained by the new enterprise . By Autumn 1915 , it had become the largest aircraft manufacturer in Germany , with a capital of 1,500,000 Marks , 1,000 employees , and two more factories - one in Rummelsburg , Berlin , and one in Wandsbek , Hamburg .
Although manufacturing was carried out in Germany , Castiglioni was an Austrian , and many of the firm 's military aircraft were produced for the Austro-Hungarian aviation corps . The firm became especially known for a highly successful series of floatplane fighters and reconnaissance aircraft that were used by the Imperial German Navy during the war . Hansa-Brandenburg did not survive in the post-war market , and ceased operations during 1919 . A number of the firm 's designs continued to be produced in other countries , however , most notably Finland and Norway .
Aircraft
Hansa-Brandenburg B.I
Hansa-Brandenburg C.I
Hansa-Brandenburg CC
Hansa-Brandenburg D.I
Hansa-Brandenburg G.I
Hansa-Brandenburg GW
Hansa-Brandenburg KDW
Hansa-Brandenburg W
Hansa-Brandenburg W.11
Hansa-Brandenburg W.12
Hansa-Brandenburg W.13
Hansa-Brandenburg W.19
Hansa-Brandenburg W.20
Hansa-Brandenburg W.27
Hansa-Brandenburg W.29
Hansa-Brandenburg W.33
References
Defunct aircraft manufacturers of Germany
Companies of Prussia
Companies based in Brandenburg
Dick Raaijmakers ( Maastricht , 1 September 1930 – The Hague , 4 September 2013 ) , also known as Dick Raaymakers or Kid Baltan , was a Dutch composer , theater maker and theorist . He is considered a pioneer in the field of electronic music and tape music , but has also produced numerous musical theater pieces and theoretical publications .
Raaijmakers studied piano at the Royal Conservatory of The Hague . From 1954 to 1960 , he worked at Koninklijke Philips Electronics N.V. in Eindhoven in the electro-acoustic field . Under the pseudonym Kid Baltan , a anadrome of `` Dik Natlab '' – Raaijmakers ' nickname , he realized three tests of popular music with the help of electronic means . in the world ) . This work has been collected and re-released under the name Popular Electronics . Early Dutch electronic music from Philips Research Laboratories , 1956-1963 . From 1960 to 1962 , he was affiliated with the University of Utrecht as a researcher . From 1963 to 1966 , he worked with Jan Boerman in a self-established studio for electronic music in The Hague . From 1966 until his retirement in 1995 , he worked as a teacher of Electronic and Contemporary Music at the Royal Conservatory ( The Hague ) and from 1991 as a teacher of music theater at the interfaculty of Sound and Vision of the Royal Conservatoire and the Royal Academy of Fine Arts ( Antwerp ) .
Biography and works
Raaijmakers was born as Bernardus Franciscus Raaijmakers in Maastricht and studied the piano at the Royal Conservatory of The Hague . From 1954 to 1960 , he worked in the field of electro-acoustic research at the NatLab of Royal Philips Electronics Ltd. in Eindhoven . Using the alias Kid Baltan ( Dik NatLab reversed ) , he and Tom Dissevelt formed Electrosoniks and produced some of the very first electronic pop music . The most important LP of these two artists is The Fascinating World Of Electronic Music published in the Netherlands in 1959 . Two years before , one of the tracks on the album ( Song of the 2nd Moon ) was published separately . Nine years later was the launch of the US version of the LP entitled Song Of The Second Moon . Jean-Jacques Perrey visited them at the time and cited them as an inspiration .
From 1960 to 1962 , he held an appointment as scientific staff member at the University of Utrecht .
From 1963 to 1966 , he collaborated with Jan Boerman in his own studio for electronic music in the Hague . He was one of the co-founders of STEIM , the STudio for Electro-Instrumental Music .
In 1966 , he founded the electronic music studio at the Royal Conservatory of the Hague and lectured on electronic and contemporary music until his retirement in 1995 .
From 1991 , he taught music theatre at the Image and Sound Interfaculty at the same conservatory .
He died on 3 September 2013 .
His archives are preserved at the Netherlands Music Institute .
Raaijmakers studied at the Koninklijk Conservatorium The Hague until 1953 . From 1954 to 1960 , he worked at Philips in the field of electroacoustics , after which he was a research assistant at the Rijksuniversiteit te Utrecht until 1962 .
From 1963 to 1966 , he ran a studio for electroacoustic music in The Hague with Jan Boerman .
Until 1995 , he taught electronic music , from 1991 electronic music for musical theater at the Koninklijk Conservatorium in The Hague .
In the early 1960s , Raaijmakers composed a number of electroacoustic works such as Vijf canons , Flux and Plumes .
Between 1967 and 1972 , he created `` photokinetic objects '' , which were exhibited in the Stedelijk Museum in Amsterdam in 1971 and in the Gemeentemuseum The Hague in 1972 . De grafische methode tractor was created in 1976 and De grafische methode fiets in 1979 , two pieces based on the work of film pioneer Etienne-Jules Marey .
In 1977 , the audiovisual production Mao leve ! Was born . Between 1981 and 1984 Raaijmakers created a series of productions for tape , film , theater and percussion ensemble that revolved around the film Night Owls by Laurel and Hardy ( Shhh ! , The Microman , The Soundman , The Soundwall , Ow ! And Come on ! ) . The series for which Raaijmakers composed the music was performed at the 1984 Holland Festival .
In 1983 , Ping-Pong was created , a stereo radio production about a table tennis game between Louis Andriessen and Cornelis de Bondt . The following year , Ecstasy ( in memoriam Josine van Droffelaar ) was performed , for which Raaijmakers received the Matthijs Vermeulenprijs .
In 1985 , he designed a neon sculpture for the new building of the Groningen City Conservatory .
In the 1990s , a series of works for music theater was created : Intona ( 1991 ) , Dépons / Der Fall ( 1992 ) , The happy hand / open ( 1993 ) , Der Fall / Dépons ( 1993 ) , De promenoir van Mondriaan , ( 1994 ) , De val van Mussolini ( 1995 ) and Scheuer im Haag ( 1995 ) . Raaijmakers ' oeuvre covers a wide variety of genres and styles , varying from sound animations for films to extremely abstract pulse structures , from `` action music '' to infinite voice patterns , from electro-acoustic tableaux vivants to extracts of music theatre . He is considered as someone who combines disciplines such as visual art , film , literature and theatre with the world of music . Raaijmakers has created numerous electronic compositions , `` instructional pieces '' for string ensembles , phono-kinetic objects , `` graphic methods '' for tractor and bicycle , `` operations '' for tape , film , theatre , percussion ensemble , museum and performance , artworks for offices and conservatory , and many soundscape compositions and music theatre productions , including some for the Holland Festival and for theatre company Hollandia . His theoretical essays are evidence of his profound interest in special inter-media connections . For instance , in his latest publication Cahier M ( 2000 ) Raaijmakers elaborated upon the connections he saw between the 19th-century French physiologist Étienne-Jules Marey , composer Pierre Boulez , architect Iannis Xenakis and the musical views of Piet Mondrian . One of his most important books is The Method ( 1985 ) , in which he describes in an exact but also poetic way how motion , cause and effect and their perception are interrelated.After obtaining a diploma in radio technique , he decided to deepen his theoretical knowledge and was particularly interested in mathematics , physics and acoustics . Under the name Kid Baltan , he released several records considered to be the first Dutch electronic music , pioneering popular electronic music , in particular the LP the Kid Baltan from 1957 . He never stopped exploring the links between scientific research and artistic creativity . Founder of Dutch electronic music , he built bridges between contemporary music and the work of the French physiologist Étienne-Jules Marey . For example , he is the designer of a mechanism called De grafische methode fiets ( The Graphic Method : Bicyclette The Graphic Method is the name of a work by Marey . ) , composed of a kind of bicycle accompanied by a complex system of sensors placed on its actuator , and which aims to reproduce in sound form , on the scale of the auditorium , the efforts of the latter ( tension muscle , shortness of breath , heartbeat etc. ) . Designed in 1979 , the instrument was exhibited throughout the month of November 2008 at the Huddersfield Contemporary Music Festival , UK . He created other similar instruments but of much larger size , in particular in the context of the play De val van Mussolini ( La Chute de Mussolini , 1995 ) .
Awards
Raaijmakers received several awards for his contribution to the development of visual arts and music in the Netherlands :
In 1992 , from the Foundation for Lifetime Achievement Awards for Visual Arts , Design and Architecture ( BKBV ) .
In 1985 and 1994 , the Matthijs Vermeulen Award .
In 1995 , the Ouborg Award for his lifetime achievements from the City of The Hague .
In late 1995 , the biennial `` Festival in de Branding '' was dedicated exclusively to Raaijmakers ' musical and visual work . The 2014–2015 season of the festival will once again be dedicated to him .
In 2004 , he received a lifetime achievement award from the Johan Wagenaar Foundation and an honorary doctorate from the University of Leiden .
In November 2011 , Raaymakers received the Witteveen+Bos Award for Art+Technology for his entire oeuvre .
Oeuvre
Music theatre productions and works of art
Compositions
Selected publications
Discography
Much of his early work has been re-issued on the Basta label :
The Fascinating World Of Electronic Music By Kid Baltan And Tom Dissevelt ( 1959 )
Song Of The Second Moon : The Sonic Vibrations Of Tom Dissevelt & Kid Baltan ( 1968 )
Dick Raaijmakers - Complete Tape Music - 3 CD box , Basta # 3091 562
Tom Dissevelt , Kid Baltan , Henk Badings and Dick Raaijmakers - Popular Electronics . Early Dutch Electronic Music from Philips Research Laboratories 1956-1963 - 4 CD Box , Basta # 3091 412
References
External links
The Fascinating World Of Electronic Music ( w/ Tom Dissevelt ) 1959
Song Of The Second Moon [ LP ] ( w/ Tom Dissevelt ) 1968
Composer , Researcher , Artist . Arjen Mulder and Joke Brouwer on 'The wonderful world of Dick Raaymakers '
Sonik Re-Entry 1957
Intona ( 1992 )
Intona ( Full Version ) ( 1992 )
Dick Raaymakers at v2.nl
as Kid Baltan
as Kid Baltan
1930 births
2013 deaths
Dutch male classical composers
Dutch classical composers
Dutch electronic musicians
Musicians from Maastricht
20th-century classical composers
21st-century classical composers
20th-century Dutch male musicians
21st-century male musicians
The women 's 100 metres hurdles event at the 2022 African Championships in Athletics was held on 8 and 9 June in Port Louis , Mauritius .
Medalists
Results
Heats
Qualification : First 3 of each heat ( Q ) and the next 2 fastest ( q ) qualified for the final .
Wind : Heat 1 : +3.1 m/s , Heat 2 : +2.5 m/s
Final
Wind : +4.0 m/s
References
2022 African Championships in Athletics
Sprint hurdles at the African Championships in Athletics
Estadio Ciudad de Málaga is a multi-purpose stadium in Málaga , Spain . The facility can accommodate 10,816 spectators .
History
Construction of the stadium began in December 2003 and it was put into use in 2005 , although the facility was not fully ready at that time . It was reopened after the completion of the works on 27 June 2009 .
Athletics
The venue hosted the 2006 European Athletics Cup , and also the Spanish Athletics Championships in 2005 and 2011 .
Football
In 2009 , the women 's football team Málaga CF Femenino began using the Ciudad de Málaga stadium as their usual field of play for Primera División matches and also as a training venue . The men 's Málaga CF team began training there during the 2010–2011 Segunda División season .
In July 2020 , the stadium hosted some matches in the promotion phase to the men 's Segunda División .
International football matches have also been played at the venue .
Rugby union
On November 19 , 2016 , the first international rugby was played at Ciudad de Málaga stadium . It was a test match for the Spanish national team against Uruguay that ended with victory for the `` XV del León '' home team in front of more than 10,000 spectators .
Sevens
The stadium was a venue for the Spain Sevens leg of the World Rugby Sevens Series in 2022 .
References
Football venues in Andalusia
Athletics ( track and field ) venues in Spain
Multi-purpose stadiums in Spain
Estadio Ciudad de Málaga
Sports venues in Andalusia
Sports venues completed in 2009
Rugby union stadiums in Spain
2003 establishments in Spain
Ibn Taimiya School and College is a kindergarten through twelfth grade school in the Tomsom Bridge area of Comilla , Bangladesh . It was established in 1979 . Several times in recent years it has placed among the top ten schools in the region in terms of student performance . It is an educational institution that teaches students moral , social and interactive skills .
EIIN Number : 105751
History
Ibn Taimiya began in 1979 as a kindergarten . Later it was expanded to cover secondary education through grade 10 , and in 1996 a college section ( grades 11–12 ) was added .
Students take their Secondary School Certificate ( SSC ) and Higher Secondary ( School ) Certificate ( HSC ) examinations under the Board of Intermediate and Secondary Education , Comilla . Ibn Taimiya School and College placed among the top ten schools under this board in terms of SSC results in 2013 , 2014 , 2015,2018,2019 and 2020 .
See also
Education in Bangladesh
List of universities and schools in Comilla
List of Educational Institutions in Comilla
References
External links
Schools in Comilla District
1979 establishments in Bangladesh
Educational institutions established in 1979
Roberto Maldonado is the alderman of the 26th Ward of the City of Chicago , Illinois .
Early life , education , and early career , Children
Maldonado earned both his undergraduate and his master 's degree from the University of Puerto Rico . In Chicago , Maldonado continued his education at Loyola University Chicago where he intended to earn a doctorate of philosophy in clinical psychology .
Roberto has one child named Roberto ll , he currently attends Ogden International High School . In 1986 Maldonado briefly was married to the sister of Luis Gutiérrez , United States Representative and former 26th ward alderman . Maldonado was an employee of Gutiérrez 's 1986 aldermanic campaign and of Gutiérrez 's 1987 re-election campaign . Maldonado worked as school psychologist . Maldonado worked as a research analyst to the Mayor 's Commission on Latino Affairs . In 1988 Maldonado was Director of Management Services for the Mayor 's Office of Employment Training , the agency 's top purchasing official , in charge of the office 's $ 1 million annual purchasing budget . Maldonado doled out hundreds of thousands of dollars in business to companies owned by people in Gutierrez 's Puerto Rican political circle , then solicited campaign contributions for Gutierrez from those and other Office of Employment and Training vendors . Maldonado resigned the City post days after the publication of an investigative report by the Chicago Sun-Times .
Cook County Commissioner
Maldonado 's election in 1994 as Cook County Commissioner made him the first Puerto Rican in the nation to serve as a county commissioner .
As a commissioner , Maldonado was Chairperson of the Stroger and Cermak Hospitals , and Law Enforcement and Corrections Committees . Additionally , he served on nine committees : Business and Economic Development , Contract Compliance , Labor , Real Estate , Department of Corrections , Health and Hospitals , Finance , Zoning and Buildings , and Roads and Bridges .
Chicago Alderman
On July 28 , 2009 , Maldonado was appointed by Chicago Mayor Daley as the alderman for Chicago 's 26th Ward .
Maldonado owns more real estate than any other alderman , with 16 properties ( including ten in the 26th Ward ) , according to financial disclosure statements .
In 2013 , Maldonado generated controversy through his efforts to convert Ames Middle School into a Marines academy . The school board ultimately approved the proposal despite significant local opposition .
In 2015 , despite majority local support of the Riot Fest music festival , Maldonado vocally opposed allowing the event to continue using Humboldt Park . The festival ultimately relocated to North Lawndale .
In 2017 , a video surfaced of Maldonado confronting police officers at a crime scene in his neighborhood , and attempting to use his status as an alderman to have police allow him to drive through an active crime scene . In the video , the alderman 's response to the officers not allowing him to drive through the crime scene was “ You know what ? This why the Police Department in such bad shape with the citizens. ” Maldonado later filed a complaint accusing the officers of `` rude and discourteous '' behavior towards him .
In 2019 , he was selected as the chairman of the Council 's Latino Caucus by his fellow caucus members .
Running for Congress
Maldonado announced in 2007 his intention to run in 2008 for the congressional seat expected to be vacated by U.S. Rep. Luis Gutiérrez ( D-Ill. ) . He raised $ 230,000 before Gutiérrez decided to run again . Maldonado bowed out of the race and said he 'd keep the money for a 2010 congressional bid .
References
External links
Citizens for Maldonado political action committee website
1953 births
21st-century American politicians
American politicians of Puerto Rican descent
Hispanic and Latino American politicians
Chicago City Council members
Living people
Members of the Cook County Board of Commissioners
University of Puerto Rico alumni
Chicago City Council members appointed by Richard M. Daley
